He attended the public schools of Grand Rapids and then moved to New Jersey in 1897 and settled in Passaic , New Jersey .	4
AAI has 8,000 members in 65 countries .	0
He also was runner-up in the 1951 / 1952 News of the World Snooker Tournament , missing out on victory by a single frame .	5
Like most legumes , it fixes nitrogen , making it valued on low fertility soils for the benefit it gives to other crop species in supplying nitrogen .	5
Two students were arrested , another two sent to hospital .	1
An example of Perkins ' improvisation is Norman 's habit of eating candy corn .	2
This step also allows for the concomitant reduction of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate ( NADP + ) to reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate ( NADPH ) .	5
In 1930 , the municipality changed its name once again to Falan , in honor of the poet who had been born in the region .	5
The NASL also ran an indoor league in the later years .	1
G = Number of goals scored	0
They cite BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations becoming identified as " Jewish mutations , " despite there being mutations at these loci that are found in all populations .	5
Peter Marino is Americana Manhasset 's master architect .	1
If a file is deleted in one replica but updated in another , the update will take precedence over the delete .	4
The Pastaza has numerous tributaries , both above and below the hydroelectric dam .	2
Denis Bond , ( born 22 November 1946 ) is a British writer of children 's books and television .	3
According to World Rugby Chairman Bernard Lapasset in 2008 :	1
The lack of water make people leave their villages and go to other districts or abroad .	3
SFR Yugoslavia ) , 2-time winner of the Adriatic water polo league , and 1-time 2nd best of the LEN Champions League .	4
Therefore , Eisregen were permitted to play songs from their censored albums as well .	2
A polyhedral compound is a figure that is composed of several polyhedra sharing a common centre .	3
These contribute to its rapid flow and to its tendency to flood .	2
Sexual cannibalism is when a female cannibalizes her mate prior to , during , or after copulation .	3
" Order of Philip the Magnanimous	0
Although most tracks featured were of similar vintage , the album was a retrospective compilation , rather than a promotional sampler .	4
Scratchy takes off skinless and wins the race .	1
Following many ministerial and policy changes , and tensions between local residents .	2
Hartman studied astronomy at the University of California , Los Angeles under the famous meteoriticist Frederick C. Leonard , one of the founders of the Meteoritical Society .	5
In the middle of the 2013 , Aurthohin announced on their Facebook page that Kamal is no more with the band .	4
Some countries such as Australia can only accept but not grant patents after examination .	2
People turn to the Internet , become overwhelmed , or don 't understand the significance of the information .	3
The 1978 season was also the last in the playing career of future Australian Rugby League Hall of Fame inductee , Ron Coote .	4
He currently lives in Newburyport , Massachusetts .	0
Voter turnout in 2008 ( 62 % ) was the highest since 1968 .	2
People from lower income families also will not register to vote because of jury duty .	2
It covers about in the Central Karakoram mountain range .	1
Synopsis : Itchy is working as a soda jerk .	1
By December 2018 these videos had been viewed 1.3 million times .	1
Víctor Ivo Acuña Velázquez ( 1966 – 2007 ) was a Cuban Communist and Lieutenant Colonel in the Revolutionary Armed Forces .	4
Pompey 's family first gained the position of Consul in 141 BC .	2
They have won the PAC championship each year since 2013 .	1
Any decimal values are usually rounded .	0
The play is currently published by Theatre Communications Group and in an acting edition by Dramatists Play Service , Inc .	4
Plato wrote about them in the dialogue " Timaeus " 360 B.C .	2
A search of over 30 English archives failed to reveal any more of the Düring paper .	3
As of 2007 , it is estimated that there are fifteen million copies of fraudulent " Harry Potter " novels circulating in China .	4
Ihle is a member of the Magdeburg club .	1
Once Achilles kills Hector , Andromache is utterly alone .	1
Many feature a machine gun on the roof , either on a ring mount or a remote weapon system .	3
Several common themes are apparent in each of these control mechanisms .	1
It is calculated by dividing the area 's total income by its total population .	2
Box calls are convenient and are capable of producing more volume than any other call in the world .	3
In 1994 , the Institute founded a branch in Potsdam , which has been based near the German Federal Archives since 1996 .	4
Ocean 's Deadliest is a nature documentary hosted by Philippe Cousteau , Jr. and Steve Irwin .	3
It was originally minted as a silver coin in 1370 during the reign of king Albert of Sweden .	3
The deal quickly went sour which caused Joell to start beef with Jermaine .	2
In Controguerra , up to 30 % of Pecorino in combination with Verdicchio and Chardonnay can be used in the Trebbiano-based sparkling wines of the DOC .	5
Sebastian Koch played the film 's primary antagonist , Yuri Komarov , while Yuliya Snigir and Cole Hauser featured as secondary characters Irina and Collins .	5
According to Caesar , Pompey went from Mitylene , Cilicia and Cyprus .	2
In humans , pyridine is metabolized only into " N " -methylpyridiniumhydroxide .	2
Per capita income is often used to measure a country 's standard of living .	2
The documentary was largely filmed around Irwin 's research boat , " Croc One " .	2
Tekel Birası was a state monopoly brand until 2004 .	1
The Senate had a trick up its sleeve , however .	1
The wingspan is about 11 mm .	0
IP.com PatentDebate is a blog-type Website were the public can comment on all pending published U.S. patent applications .	3
Gerry Tierney ( Gearóid Ó Tighearnaigh ; IPA : ˈɟaɾˠoːdʲ oː ˈtʲɪjəɾˠn̪ˠiː ) ( 1924 – 1979 ) was a popular bi-lingual Irish radio broadcaster for RTÉ .	5
It is found in Paraná , Brazil .	0
" Staunch " opened fire on the strange enemy craft , and all but one of the Japanese took to the water .	4
Both players would win the Most Valuable Player Award .	1
Students in Years K to 6 attend from all around the area .	2
His oldest daughter was born in 2008 .	0
Utricularia delicatula is a terrestrial species of bladderwort and is unique within its genus in being endemic to New Zealand .	4
He played in the AHL with the Chicago Wolves and Springfield Falcons .	2
" Simpsons " episode : " The Day the Violence Died "	1
It is found in the Dominican Republic .	0
His mother was also a handball player .	0
He was born in East Whitby Township in Canada West , the son of Charles Farwell , and educated in Oshawa .	4
Although a signed document was produced to show that the teams had agreed to play the match as a friendly , it was challenged by some members .	5
Albornoz 's nephew ( son of his sister ) was Severo Ochoa the winner of the 1959 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Arthur Kornberg .	5
Title pun : " Burning Down the House "	1
Born in Dülken , Germany , he attended the University of Bonn and the University of Munich , finally graduating from Williams College in 1938 .	5
" The Creator may be tough , but He ain 't blind , " he says .	3
" Variety " wrote , " The commitment to monochrome brings out a beauty largely absent in previous collaborations with d.p .	4
They were prolific songwriters thanks to their workman-like attitudes .	1
She then starred in " A Chinese Odyssey Part Three " directed by Jeffery Lau , playing the role of Zixia Fairy .	4
Perfect Dark includes an original feature named " flow " : a window where text lines written by users scroll vertically .	4
Bridges was a mentor to actress Debra Winger .	1
The age factor in voting plays a significant part in the voter turnout .	2
At the time of filming , Harlow was suffering from the aftermath of oral surgery to remove impacted wisdom teeth .	4
In Martial Arts since 1974 , Grandmaster , Founder of Hapkikwan and President of Hapkikwan International .	3
Direct nitration of pyridine requires harsh conditions and has very low yields .	2
The Danish Football Association was founded in 1889 .	1
PTV ARMM Bureau Chief Bro .	0
His Swedish mother died a year later during an appendectomy and his brother was killed in an automobile accident .	3
Two of King Henry VIII 's Queens were her step-granddaughters , Anne Boleyn , and Catherine Howard .	3
He joined the Second AIF as a major general on 27 June 1942 , receiving the AIF serial number VX57673 .	4
Haldeman , John Ehrlichman , and Colson , to which Colson donated several items .	2
Another virtue of regularity is that the Platonic solids all possess three concentric spheres :	2
An example of such behavior can be seen in the Australian redback spider .	2
Turnout has been lingering between 48 % and 57 % since 1980 .	2
Twelve clubs , including six of 1908 's foundation teams and another six from around Sydney competed for the NSWRFL premiership .	4
Pecorino is sometimes confused with the Calabrian wine grape Greco bianco due to the similarities in synonyms with Greco often being called " Pecorello bianco " .	5
Nicholas II constantly refused to satisfy this demand .	1
Although Police initially feared those restrictive provisions on their powers would cause problems , practical experience has not borne out those fears .	4
It was described by Fisher in 1944 .	0
He was also a successful trader and his family company , the Witty Group , continues to operate today .	3
Sid Maurer was hired as art director .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " Little Big Mom "	1
It is one of four Sacramento-area radio stations owned by the Salem Media Group .	2
The various forms of LA are not bioequivalent .	1
Thousands of men , weakened by disease and malnutrition and treated harshly by their captors , died before reaching their destination .	4
The research of Arnér focuses on redox control of cell function and mechanisms of selenoprotein dependent pathways , with a special interest in the mammalian thioredoxin system .	5
Free Spirit ( ) is a 1951 Argentine drama film directed and written by Edmundo del Solar .	3
It is revealed that the men from the beginning of the video are FBI officers and they are entering the building abruptly .	4
Synopsis : Itchy and Scratchy lead armies against each other .	1
Grapes are limited to a harvest yield of no more than 14 tonnes / hectare with the finished wine needing a minimum alcohol level of 11 % .	5
Sun of Suns is a 2007 Aurora finalist and a Kirkus Best Book of 2006 .	2
Some are available in podcast form at the unofficial site CBC Podcasts .	2
Upon graduation in 1831 , he was named preceptor of Plattsburg Academy in Plattsburg , New York .	3
Arhopala aedias yendava , the Singapore oakblue , is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family .	4
From this incestuous union sprang the child Adonis .	1
While in school , she worked as a journalist , an Amtrak sleeping car porter , and a community development facilitator .	4
The Northwestern league was disbanded after the 1887 season , and replaced by the Western Association .	3
Candidates required an absolute majority to win a seat in the first round , and plurality to win in the second round .	4
One issue that remains to be settled between the two countries is when IAF crews will begin training on the F-35s and on whose platforms .	5
WMF is a 16-bit format introduced in Windows 3.0 .	1
On the first episode of " Lucha Underground Season 3 " , Ivelisse challenged Catrina to a match in Lucha Underground at " Ultima Lucha Tres " .	5
Hero of Alexandria identified the " pulley " as one of six simple machines used to lift weights .	3
Over the course of the preparations , dancers were partially replaced .	1
Spanish settlers came in the mid 18th century , seeking to extract silver and gold from the nearby mines , they called the community Rosario de Lajas .	5
Most often , the key is omitted , the record located sequentially or by direct cylinder-head-record addressing .	3
He has co-edited two books and two special journal issues on “ Cell and Molecular Imaging , ” and published over 200 research papers .	5
These " studio live " recordings capture the wonderfully warm , live and “ in the moment conversations ” between the players .	4
In July 1968 he assumed duties as director of readiness inspection , Headquarters U.S. Air Forces in Europe , Lindsey Air Station , Germany .	5
AliExpress is a subsidiary of Alibaba Group	0
In light of the murder , CBS agreed to postpone the broadcast .	2
Energy is delivered to more than four million customers through several distribution companies , including Consolidated Edison Company of New York , and Orange and Rockland Utilities .	5
This higher level choir consists of around 50-60 talented students .	1
Paul Reboux , born André Amillet ( 21 May 1877 – 14 February 1963 ) , was a French writer , humorist , literary critic and painter .	5
Recent studies with knockout mice have also shown evidence of the ephrin-eph interaction indirect role in the suppression of colorectal cancer .	4
Despite Government schemes designed to improve the nutritional content of their food , the implementation has been poor and Koraga people have sometimes demanded improvements to it .	5
During the December 2011 RSL the coverage area reached as far as central Cheltenham , Stroud , Coleford and Michael Wood services on the M5 .	5
He " lost faith in the possibility of peaceful evolution . "	1
Stronghold is a fantasy novel by American author Melanie Rawn .	1
Lucullus called Pompey a " vulture " who fed from the work of others .	2
She also had a memorable role as a prostitute in " The Golden Girls " episode " Ladies of the Evening " .	4
Germany eventually finished seventh at the championship .	0
Clayton & Black incorporated some of the walls of the former Amber Ale brewery , which stood on the site , into the new building .	5
The stone was originally located at Øster Løgum near the north-south Jutland highway .	2
Seen in : " " ( video game ) < br >	1
The St. George defence rallied and held from that point until Stan Cutler scored a third try out wide late in the match .	4
In this novel , Isherwood comments on life , art , commercialization of art and Nazism .	3
for service as set forth in the following CITATION :	1
The first synthesis step of insecticide chlorpyrifos consists of the chlorination of pyridine .	2
He worked with Nelson Riddle , Herbie Mann , Chet Baker , Cal Tjader , Bud Shank , Armando Peraza , etc .	4
In that scene there were 78 pieces of film in about 45 seconds . "	2
The rural district has 35 villages .	0
In the April 1871 letter to Schebalsky , Leskov confessed as to having finished the novel hastily , merely to fulfil his obligations . "	5
A video game called " Pengo " was released by Sega in 1982 .	2
In Appian 's opinion this was a pretence of fairness and good-will .	2
But the calm was temporary .	0
A propagation cycle is not initiated because each growth step requires the assistance of light .	2
It is found on Fiji .	0
Inchekeh ( ) may refer to :	0
From this point , Claude 's reputation was secured .	1
He soon turned it into a choral movement for the shepherds saying goodbye to the baby Jesus as he leaves Bethlehem for Egypt .	4
Indeed , one can view the Platonic solids as regular tessellations of the sphere .	2
This meant both Revie and Johnstone appeared in the line-up , Johnstone switching to outside right .	3
Synopsis : Scratchy is getting married to a girl cat .	1
The 2005 – 06 participants competed for a new identical trophy .	1
He was married twice ; lastly to model Irene Combe for 18 years , but firstly to Ann McGrath in the late 1950s .	4
Jake Shimabukuro : Life on Four Strings	0
The inflorescence is an array of small , yellow flower heads , each of which contains 5 to 8 disc florets but no ray florets .	5
The 12-point GPA scale works as follows .	0
This stone building on a corner site , now a bar , was executed by Clayton & Black using a design developed by F.C.R .	5
It was described by Franz in 1954 .	0
The two met in Knoxville , Illinois on October 13 , 1854 to publicly debate the issues .	3
Patent examiners will have access to the commentary and will consider it in their examination .	2
But Linda is actually evidence of divine providence , because her scientific specialty is radiation .	2
He was also a political and trade union activist .	1
A second volume of hits followed in 2002 .	1
He received the Ida B .	0
In September 1742 he was involved in an incident whereby he evicted some of his officers from their cabins to accommodate some passengers : considerable acrimony followed .	5
It has the same improvements as M113A2 .	0
Antinoro was accused of rape in 2014 .	0
Grandpa tells Duke that Carol is selling her horse , Moonray ; Carol tells Duke she needs money to pay him off .	4
The trains had Westinghouse brake equipment and had an electric control system , activating the compressed air brakes on each coach .	4
Their hotline service helps the family members to understand them and encourage the communication in order to resolve the conflicts .	4
Featuring the longest song in Bangladeshi rock history , " Shaat Din " , it was released to huge expectations nationwide .	4
The adjacent cloister dates to 1483 .	0
6 December 2011 , Mtiliga was called up for Denmark 's tour of Thailand in January .	3
The influence of Cuban music is evident in “ Bluchanga ” , from the time when Donato played with Mongo Santamaría .	4
" List of birds of British Columbia	0
The four friends explore Lord Sumner 's ancient castle , and the dark forest that surrounds it .	3
In 86 games , he had 49 hits and 19 runs with six home runs and 28 RBIs along with 36 strikeouts and 34 walks .	5
The evolutionary history of penguins is well-researched and represents a showcase of evolutionary biogeography .	2
Below is a list of the house fragrances and their year of launch .	2
CFHS is a member of the Mississippi Valley Conference .	1
In 1861 he raised company H for the 58th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment and became its captain .	3
This time it was the army of Marius that entered Rome .	1
Roodenburg identifies the concept of social control as a classical concept .	1
1789 " , which talks about the house and the design of the gardens , but also alludes to the character of the nation at the time .	5
Parts of the bomb bay were found north of the impact area , indicating the aircraft started to break up before impact .	4
It takes part in the Montenegrin Water Polo Cup , Montenegrin First League of Water Polo and Adriatic water polo league .	4
Isola exhibited across Europe including at the World Exhibition Brussels and the Milan " Triennale " , and in the USA .	4
Benni Cohen compared the Israel Aerospace Industries Command and control system to an iPhone App that would run on top of the central avionics .	5
Ezrin was known for his successes with Alice Cooper , Pink Floyd , Lou Reed , and Kiss .	3
Soundstage interiors filmed at The Burbank Studios in Burbank , California included replicas of the offices for H.R .	3
On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 28 out of 100 , based on 40 critics , indicating " generally unfavorable reviews " .	5
He has appeared in numerous TVB drama series as well as films .	2
" 22nd Motorized Infantry Battalion ( Ukraine )	0
The women 's handball team plays in the first tier of Norwegian handball , and the men 's team on the third tier .	4
A sequence in " Rod the Mod Has Come of Age " that shows Stewart having fun with an inept radio journalist < br >	5
Out of desperation Angus incinerates a small mining settlement in hopes of stealing their supplies .	2
On the 17th and 18th , she served as an antisubmarine picket and bombarded the shore on the eve of the assault .	4
Multi-faceted strength notions are also recommended .	0
The club colours are yellow and blue .	0
In Reykjavík the number of seats was increased from four to six , with a subsequent lowering of the threshold to win a seat in the city .	5
Even as straightforward whimsy it fails .	0
In September 2014 , Deborah Knight permanently replaced Leila McKinnon as co-host of the show ; following McKinnon 's move to the News Department .	5
Exhibitions of contemporary ceramics are curated from the gallery 's collection and from practicing Canadian artists .	3
It directly connects Chinese businesses with buyers .	0
It was recorded live in London , England and produced by Brian Doerksen and Nigel Hemming .	3
In recognition of his 32 years of work on Panamanian insects , in 1978 the Universidad de Panamá named their new Invertebrate Museum in his honor .	5
The deckhouses were built of teak .	0
This position was preceded by his service as the Lao Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations in New York ( 1993-2007 ) .	5
It is located on the City of Burlington waterfront in close proximity to Spencer Smith Park .	3
" Call Me When the Cross Turns Over	0
Dylan performed four sets that evening and performed a total of fifty songs ; this was also the longest of Dylan 's concerts to date .	5
In Proposition 18 he argues that there are no further convex regular polyhedra .	2
When finished , the sculpture was 29 feet tall .	1
It ’ s the story of a dad who provided financially , but was never there physically or emotionally " .	4
Jundt came to New York and in 1916 took over the beauty salon of the Ritz-Carlton hotel .	3
In 2016 , he was nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Album for his album " Donato Elétrico " .	4
Throughout the song , Trăistariu uses his higher vocal range .	1
Adapted from the liner notes .	0
Fritzi knows Duke is in love with Carol , and Duke says he plans to win enough money to marry her .	4
and who assisted Jeffrey in being able to play again , despite his former injuries .	2
It is the first book of the Dragon Star trilogy .	1
Whilst only 3 / 4 mile directly from the station to the hospital , the distance required to be travelled was more than double that .	5
However eBay claimed that in her dealings with the media , Rowling had falsely claimed that her injunctions had been against eBay itself .	4
Tregian 's death sentence was remitted to imprisonment and his property confiscated .	2
EFG Hermes Private Equity is a private equity house , with a presence in Cairo and Dubai .	3
de Lima then lit the Olympic cauldron .	0
He also sometimes uses stencils and collaged text .	1
He died in Golnik near Kranj on 17 September 2010 , at the age of 67 .	3
Caesar continued his campaigns in Gaul and Crassus undertook his campaign against the Parthians .	2
C. lambertii may refer to :	0
Laodice was also called the daughter of Cinyras .	1
Although wounded in the leg , Lawson refused medical treatment and returned to working the shell whip .	3
To avoid the police Gao fled to Wu Ching village outside Tianjin city .	2
Both in her journal and elsewhere she was notable for the extent and effectiveness of her support for fellow writers from Latin America and Europe .	5
In a similar manner , one can consider regular tessellations of the hyperbolic plane .	2
Alibert was born in Bram in the Aude , in Lauragais , on 12 October 1884 , to a family of peasants who spoke Occitan .	5
British researchers found evidence that using the cream to moisturise areas affected by eczema may actually aggravate the condition .	3
The rural district has 9 villages .	0
" Order of the Republic ( Turkey )	0
" Simpsons " episode : " Home Sweet Homediddly-Dum-Doodily "	1
The bayonet also fits the U.S. M1 Garand rifle .	1
Color guard enhances the visuals of the marching band .	1
CISA is the first national academic institution in Canada dedicated to the scholarly study of a subject that is usually addressed by political advocacy organizations .	5
" Fife and Kinross Miners ' Association	0
Cheng made several attempts at attacking Dong but was never able to even lay a hand on him .	3
During a trip to meet with church elders , Frumentius met with Athanasius , Pope of Alexandria .	3
Letters like it were written and publicized frequently between 1774 and 1871 .	2
Karl Ernst Smidt ( 30 August 1903 – 11 January 1984 ) was German naval commander who reached the rank of Konteradmiral with the West German Navy .	5
With the theory ’ s prime principle being international cooperation and peace , early influences are seen in some bigger religious practices sharing the same goal .	5
The name Baviácora is a transliteration of the Opata word " babícori , " the mint that grows along the Río Sonora .	4
In 1873 he published " Topographie historique du département de l 'Ain " ( " Historical topography of the department of Ain " ) .	5
In total , 2,300 m are available .	0
Roger Goodell 's announcement of the selection shocks the rest of the league and disrupts many of their plans for their own picks .	4
Several remakes and enhanced editions have followed , most recently in 2012 .	2
K-525 " Arkhangelsk " ( ) was an Oscar I-class nuclear-powered cruise missile submarine of the Soviet Navy , and later the Russian Navy .	5
He participated in the " XLIII .	0
Contributions were also to be levied from the allied cities as quickly as possible .	2
The name Kenninghall comes from the Saxon word " Cyning " ( king ) and " Halla " ( palace ) .	4
Decision of Railway Board is awaited .	0
He routed them , killing 9,000 of them and taking 10,000 prisoners .	2
Friction call surfaces can be slate , aluminum , glass or a variety of other materials .	3
However , his time at Old Trafford was short lived and he failed to justify his transfer fee .	3
Calgary failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fourth straight season .	2
Her production was abundant and it used diverse pseudonyms : Marcelle La Pompe , M. de Steinthal , Jean Spaddy , Louise Dormienne , Renée Camera .	5
In 1971 the brewery was shut down .	0
He was also a veteran of the Boer War , serving with the N.S.W .	2
He had eight wives , of which the first – the daughter of the Jam Sahib of Nawanagar , Puariji – was chief consort .	5
Nawrahta pledged loyalty to the new king .	0
Previously same-sex marriage was banning in both state statute and the state constitution in Arkansas .	2
The $ 25 note was withdrawn on May 18 , 1937 .	1
Southern Halo was retired to stud in Argentina , where he became one of the most successful stallions in the history of South American thoroughbred racing .	5
( Every vertex is vertex-transitive and every vertex is transitive with every other vertex . )	2
The latter species is now known to be absent from Sumatra .	1
I don 't think it was so much the film 's subject matter but the fact that filming was happening at all . "	4
Lorde has received one nomination .	0
Witching Culture : Folklore and Neo-Paganism in America is a folkloric and anthropological study of the Wiccan and wider Pagan community in the United States .	5
He has been an official ambassador for the Brighton Youth Orchestra since 2015 .	2
The majority of these compounds are soluble molecules but the smaller molecules can be volatile .	2
Cinyras was said to have committed suicide over the matter .	1
Gruman then managed the American Cancer Society 's public education efforts directed toward adults from 1986 through 1988 .	3
Nelson has been involved with several charitable efforts .	1
Palmer attended Wake Forest College on a golf scholarship .	1
These developments drew strong protests from the administration of President Dwight D. Eisenhower .	2
During these years Floricienta presented successful live shows in Argentina .	1
It is found in Mexico .	0
Hope Avenue after Mrs. Shumway .	0
Like all viols , it has a flat back .	1
He played on the wing .	0
At first the jury would return no verdict , but after threats from the judges a conviction was obtained .	3
Dražić joined FK Voždovac in June 2016 .	0
1st , 2nd and 3rd places awarded in this playoff .	1
The Church of the Good Shepherd was parished in 1994 , before which it was a chapel of ease to St Nicolas Church , Portslade .	5
The history of the Glenworth Valley includes pre and post-European settlement .	1
Patty Schemel ( of Hole ) volunteered to play drums	1
2 , and charted for 12 weeks .	0
It passes the towns of Aix-en-Provence , Pertuis , Manosque , Sisteron and then Digne and Tallard .	3
In 2016 , the station rolled out a new website and began calling itself " Today 's Hit Country " .	4
It was described by Linsley in 1932 .	0
Some population centres in the LLG are : Taskul , Patiagaga , Patipai , Ungakum , Tsoi , Tukulisava , and Ungalik .	4
On February 5 , 2012 , two days prior to the release of the album Silverstein uploaded the entire album onto their MySpace profile .	5
From 2006 on the festival took place in the significantly bigger town hall of Lichtenfels , Bavaria .	3
It was described by White in 1855 .	0
They are coached by Greg Brown .	0
Over the years several vulnerabilities in Windows Metafile handling were reported .	1
The Nez Perce first obtained horses from the Shoshone around 1730 .	1
Rajinikanth later called Ramkumar Ganesan and asked him to do the film in Tamil under Ramkumar 's home production banner , Sivaji Productions .	4
He was released after she refused to raise charges against him .	1
Sir James is married to Janet Purdie .	0
The continued use of using public writing as a platform for telling the Indian story was questioned .	3
Baby with the lyrics changed to extol Baby 's pugnacious nature on the ice .	2
In 1908 , he tied for 7-8th ( Sergey von Freymann and Rosenkrantz won ) .	2
The various rockabilly songs were recorded between 1982 and 1985 ; and includes songs from 1982 's " Pink and Black " EP .	4
The Otobreda 127 / 54 Compact is used in the following countries and ship classes :	2
Francis Tregian was the son of Francis Tregian the Elder and Mary Stourton .	2
Push-pull turkey calls are the simplest of all turkey calls to use , and create realistic turkey sounds .	3
He and Pompey then descended from the Pyrenees to the River Ebro .	2
The main tributaries of Tana are Anarjohka and Karasjohka .	1
There were quickly tens of thousands of pirates and they dominated the whole Mediterranean .	2
They possess feathers similar to those of fast-flapping birds , which rely on quick flapping of their wings to stay aloft .	4
Similarly , roses may be placed over confessionals to symbolize confidentiality .	1
As a unitary authority , Swindon Borough Council has the powers and functions of both a non-metropolitan county and district council combined .	4
She is the younger of two children .	0
The wingspan is about 22 mm .	0
Parapsychologists Nandor Fodor and William G. Roll suggested that poltergeist activity can be explained by psychokinesis .	3
The Nathdwara school is a subset of the Mewar school of painting and is seen as an important school in the 17th and 18th century miniature paintings .	5
A Vocal Jazz group is offered to students by audition .	1
Pollination is carried out by bees , or via autogamy , since the plant is hermaphroditic , and the flowering season is from mid-spring to late summer .	5
Many young women from the former Eastern bloc came to Austria and were willing to work for less money than the Austrian women .	4
Scratchy kisses his newlywed wife and feeds her wedding cake .	1
The former claimed that first Aulus Gabinius and then Scaurus had taken bribes .	2
Darvian ( ) may refer to :	0
The wingspan is about 13 mm .	0
Itchy pulls Scratchy 's tongue into the ball returner .	1
The police did not show up until much later .	1
The church became a public oratory , which had been maintained by the local parish , who held the catechism and masses for young people .	5
In 2014 Durrant released his minimalist styled album " Cycling Music " .	2
None of the quarter-finals or semi-finals was played in England .	1
His latest book " Oink " will be released by Gecko Press at the end of 2018 .	3
In private life , Branch split his time between farming and his law practice .	2
In 1930 , he took 3rd in Stockholm ( 15th Nordic-ch ; Erik Andersen won ) .	3
Peter F. Wolf ( born August 26 , 1952 ) is a composer , producer , songwriter and arranger .	3
It proceeded to Iraq where it was equipped with Bristol Blenheims .	1
This compares with 33 percent of Americans who identify themselves as Evangelical and 39 percent who take the Bible literally .	4
He retired to his ducal castle at Framlingham in Suffolk where he died on 21 May 1524 .	3
Nawrahta finally traveled to Lamphun and submitted .	0
He did not mention whether he actually reached Petra before turning to Judea .	2
V-belt step pulleys are the most common way that drill presses deliver a range of spindle speeds .	3
Subsistence farming is carried out to produce corn and beans while most of the farming is of grasses for cattle feed .	4
" Simpsons " episode : " Mypods and Boomsticks "	1
It was described by Waterhouse in 1880 .	0
During his tribunate , Marius pursued a populares line .	1
Pinpointing a date as to when Christianity emerged in Ethiopia is uncertain .	2
Soon the birds learned the news and brought it to Melampus .	1
This thoroughly Georgian-style three-storey red-brick building with a curved façade was given its present appearance in 1904 when it became Clayton & Black 's office .	5
He wrote for La Nación for forty years and published over three hundred articles and sixty books and pamphlets on politics , history , and art .	5
The male and female are similar in appearance .	1
Loo recognized the feeling against him .	0
O 'Farrelly died c.1439 and Cormac then reclaimed possession of the Priory on the plea " dispositionis ordinarie " ( collation by the ordinary ) .	5
Patty Myer is lying awake one night in a church basement , distraught and scared .	2
In most Nova Scotia universities :	0
Late in his life , Melampus was kidnapped .	1
Initial reports stated that , as the effort was not for profit , it did not violate Rowling 's copyright .	4
The closest secondary school , or High school , is Maiden Erlegh Reading , with Bulmershe also in close proximity .	4
Not surprisingly then , these restrictions disproportionally affect the homeless .	1
The grant was part of $ 645,000 the Fund distributed to thirty-four areas in Texas for the establishments of individual libraries between 1898 and 1917 .	5
Until recently the Pilsner Urquell brewery fermented its beer using open barrels in the cellars beneath their brewery .	3
Coal consumption was four tons per day .	0
Later that same year , he returned to England to play non-league football with Skegness Town F.C .	3
Glosten and Milgrom ( 1985 ) shows that at least one source of volatility can be explained by the liquidity provision process .	4
None of the SED entry team was wounded .	1
Of the portal stones , only two remain , one of which is broken and concreted back together .	3
This is called Area Ratio .	0
Directly below is a small plaque :	0
This is due to the fact that , as Khinevich say , these words do not reflect the essence of its primary concept .	4
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973 , and is today a popular attraction in Charleston .	3
The Jur River flows north , then turns east , about to the east of the central business district of the town .	4
His best known jobs for the Merchant Society were its own Neglinnaya Street offices and rebuilding the Exchange Builsing in Ilyinka Street .	4
Memmius , his brother-in-law and the most capable of his commanders , also fell .	2
Spivey had met McCarley in an online riot grrrl newsgroup .	1
Its rise and fall are rapid and uncertain , and it is shallow and full of sandbanks and snags .	3
The bone of contention between the two men was the troops they both commanded .	2
The name ΟΛΥΜΠΙΑΔΟΣ is thought to refer to the Olympiads instead .	1
The camp later included a large prefabricated building , two ski-mounted buildings , several huts , a decontamination trailer and a latrine .	4
On 12 June 2016 , it was reported that 6 angonoka tortoises and 72 radiated tortoises had gone missing from a breeding facility in Thailand .	5
It installs as a web server plug-in that modifies Ajax scripts on the fly to include performance monitoring and logging code .	4
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 8 : 00pm to 8 : 30pm , Monday to Friday on TVB .	4
Others were newly created or new versions of existing characters .	1
The station moved its city of license after WMRZ Dawson , Georgia , signed on with 25,000 watts at 98.1 FM .	4
The wingspan is about 12 mm .	0
The A52 autoroute is a 25.3km long motorway in the Bouches du Rhone departement of southeastern France .	3
Most of the central and lower sections of the river flow through the Purus várzea ecoregion .	3
The title evokes how " That ’ s a bad bad thing " is used by both parents scolding misbehaving children and adults during sexual intercourse .	5
The company also sponsors Tuscaloosa GoKickBall .	0
" Constitution of Uruguay of 1830	0
Title pun : " Miracle on 34th Street "	1
" This summary is based largely on the summary provided by the Congressional Research Service , a public domain source . "	4
The river begins in Holtålen municipality near the mountain Kjølifjellet .	1
SIFF organized by Shanghai Municipal Administration of Culture , Radio , Film & TV and Shanghai Media & Entertainment Group .	4
Riding on , the three colonels came upon the Margrave , heading for the Countess ’ house in Turin in his carriage with his escort .	5
All Army MC officers are required to hold a state medical license in at least one U.S. state and to fulfill all requirements necessary for maintaining it .	5
In 2004 Canada 's counterfeit rate had ballooned to 470 PPM .	1
" Gotham Independent Film Awards 2013	0
The B-side was " La-La for You , " from Green 's previous album , " Let 's Stay Together " .	4
Rita Lakin ( born January 24 , 1930 ) is an American screenwriter .	2
Perpenna began to fear for his safety and conspired to murder Sertorius .	2
Robert MacCarthy retired from his position as Dean of St Patrick 's Cathedral on 25 January 2012 .	3
He gained admission to the Columbia University School of Architecture and graduated in 1915 .	2
Schwanitz main academic work during his tenure at the University of Hamburg was applying system theory to literary theory and he published two books on that subject .	5
In 2007 , South Africa scored 353 / 3 in a rain-shortened match against the Netherlands .	3
" As of 31 May 2017 "	0
Persons notes there was no evidence of Tregian 's possible musical training at the English College .	3
Sachin Tendulkar holds numerous batting records , including those for the most centuries , most fifties and most runs .	3
A Mac OS X version was later released by TransGaming , using their Cider technology .	2
2011 USSDA 16 's SoCal Champion	0
Quarles received his early education from Pine Hill Academy and Apsen Hill Academy .	2
On 30 June 2011 , his contract with the Andalusians expired and he left the club .	3
DASD without a controller , that is B-Units , have a " B " prefix in their model number .	3
" The Devil Made Me Buy This Dress	0
The source of the water comes from the Acqua Vergine , an aqueduct from 19 BCE .	3
By the spring of 1522 Norfolk was almost 80 years of age and in failing health .	3
Team Dara and Team Michal performed .	0
Asa Howe Cory was born in Sullivan , Tioga County , Pennsylvania .	2
It was described by Horn in 1885 .	0
The number of bird species present is low .	1
Glen Campbell covered it on his 1976 album " Bloodline " , and Jimmy " Orion " Ellis on his 1979 album " Sunrise " .	5
At the under-19 level , he managed another five goals during his side 's preliminary round of the same tournament .	4
The main language spoken in the valley is Shina .	1
" Coalition to Investigate the Persecution of Falun Gong	1
In the Australian Capital Territory ( Canberra ) :	1
Chito Peppler , responded to the affidavit by claiming that the Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatant :	4
Bartels died in Weimar on 7 March 1945 .	1
" List of monitors with QHD display	0
The woman and Ana exchange glances but do not speak .	1
In 2018 , Pershmaga forces in Syria were seen in American built IMVs .	2
He demanded an indemnity and ruled that the son should be king of Sophene .	2
As stated earlier , voter apathy leads to a lower turnout of eligible voters .	2
The desire for more stories about the " tragic hero " became requested .	2
Notable inhabitants include bats , raptors , bighorn sheep , and javelina .	2
Connie Wright ( played by Terri Lynn Hall ) is a government agent pretending to be a Christian .	3
From a two-one set disadvantage he closed the match with a two love-sets and kept his title after 2 hours 54 minutes battle .	4
It was described by Lacordaire in 1869 .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " Itchy & Scratchy & Marge "	1
Matthew O 'Reilly argued the order 's penalties were in fact more lenient than those to which deserters would otherwise have been subject under military law .	5
The provincial riding of York South first came into existence for the 1926 Ontario election .	2
Gao and Zhou “ crossed hands ” three times and Gao was defeated each time .	2
Patty desperately seeks to find her friends and family members but most have disappeared .	2
Such bright lights typically characterize danger and violence in Hitchcock 's films .	2
The election was held in two rounds , the first on 24 June 1992 and the second on 19 July 1992 .	4
His production of ' Peace on Earth ' received an award for ' Creative Use of Radio ' from the Sony Radio Academy Awards .	5
The municipality is divided into 13 wards .	0
Jack Brock , leader of the church , said the books were an abomination because they inspired children to study the occult .	4
Helene wrote that Mrs. Smith was the youngest child of a large family , where her mother 's disappointment that she was not a boy was evident .	5
$ 50 and $ 100 notes followed in 1872 .	1
Her short story " The Traditional " was a finalist for the 2013 Shirley Jackson Award .	3
The Indus River enters the Gilgit – Baltistan territory from Ladakh .	1
Krister started his music career in 1987 as the vocalist of the Swedish band Grace .	2
He currently lives in Burgos .	0
Noting the problems innate with using the term " art " , he nevertheless believes it can still be used in this context with caution .	5
This was followed by singles " Black Swan " , " Coward " and " Can I Kiss You " in summer of 2015 .	5
Service on the first of three routes – from Emersons Green in the northeast , to the city centre – commenced in May 2018 .	5
During this time , the conference explored the experience of illness and brought together people from the worlds of medicine , psychology and the arts .	5
The A51 autoroute is a partly completed motorway in south east France .	2
Unlike fable , true myth has few completely arbitrary elements .	1
I have emphatically said this in any interview I 've ever given .	2
After the arrival of Roberto Breda on 23 June 2011 as new coach , Zizzari also ruled out from 2011 – 12 Serie B plan of Reggina .	5
In 2005 this album was re-released as Vineyard Music UK ; re-branded to Vineyard Records UK ( VRUK ) .	3
Marusya Klimova is one of the most prominent representatives of counter − culture in modern Russian literature .	3
Apartments are arranged for the sick and for the repairing of clothes .	2
The songs of Nadan were composed by Ouseppachan and penned by Prabha Varma and Madhu Vasudevan .	3
It is still widely regarded as one of the most important documents of Native American history .	3
It was also pointed out that little attention was given to implementing interesting achievements for the Xbox 360 version .	3
The townspeople finally admit to Sonny that Refuge is a form of Purgatory .	2
The motorway must pass through the middle of the South-Dauphiné ( Trièves ) Alps .	2
Gruman was the founder and president of the Washington , DC-based Center for Advancing Health from 1992 to 2014 .	3
It charted as the No .	0
After the liberation of the city , the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukrainian SSR in October 1943 re-established the prison as an industrial labor colony .	5
Three Stars and a Sun	0
ENIT has six independent departments :	0
They are added back to the semolina flour once it is ground .	2
On 4 July 1616 , Countess Emilia Antwerpiana married Frederick Casimir , Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Landsberg ( 1585 – 1645 ) .	4
Typically , male birds and mammals are larger as they participate in male-male competition .	2
Usually , national railway companies were split to separate divisions or independent companies for infrastructure , passenger and freight operations .	4
Gao defeated him but injured him so badly he died three days later .	2
The construction of the section from Grenoble to Sisteron was subject to protests because of its environmental impact .	3
Yemets and his original Moscow-based publishers , Eksmo , argued that the books constitute a parody , permitted under copyright .	4
The list was subsequently mentioned by the Manila Bulletin , Philippine Daily Inquirer , GMA News Online , The Nation ( Thailand ) , and VietNamNet Bridge .	5
Metellus shed bitter tears when he learned of the decision .	1
The following publications are among those devoted to the production of " Psycho " :	2
" Many of the shows expressed a moral , and several preached a Christian message . "	3
Younes announced his intentions to leave " Home and Away " in March 2014 and Casey made his final appearance on 16 September 2014 .	5
Greg Robinson may refer to :	0
He awakens from a coma to discover that he has gained the ability to move objects with his mind up to a distance of three inches .	5
When passing through matter , they ionize and thus lose energy in many small steps .	2
Three EF 500mm lenses have been available , and all are L series lenses .	2
This state is most likely induced as a result of a male volatile pheromone .	2
Neil Risch writes : " The anomalous presence of four different lysosomal storage disorders in the Ashkenazi Jewish population has been the source of long-standing controversy .	5
Here a young couple sets off on a Greyhound for San Francisco , only to discover the distractions of the big city dilute love .	5
Architect 's career was cut short in 1888 when a Kuznetsky Most building , erected by his firm , collapsed .	4
Residents of Massachusetts must have health insurance coverage under Chapter 58 .	1
The next attack , in the third minute , resulted in the opening goal .	2
Peter Frank may refer to :	0
His most notable work is the music of the Ecuadorian National Anthem " Salve , Oh Patria " with the text written by Juan León Mera .	5
Sync Services for ADO.NET allows incremental change tracking , which allows only the changes to be replicated rather than replicating the entire copy .	4
It is directly north of Carlisle Airport .	0
Note that this is equal to the angular deficiency of its dual .	2
Karuz ( ) may refer to :	0
Agu featured in " Checkmate " , a 1990s TV soap opera , in which he played the character Benny .	4
In Biber 's " Harmonia Artificiosa " no .	1
The drug works by inhibiting synthesis of proteins in the bacteria , thus inhibiting the production of toxins and the formation of spores .	4
All objects in MetaCyc are clickable and provide easy access to related objects .	2
Naturally , these measures were unpopular among the plebeians , the majority of the population .	2
Originally it was designed to spin best Egyptian cottons , in what was technically termed " combed " and " super carded yarns . "	5
It was developed by Cambridge Software House in associate with Galloway Education Authority , and featured poems , letters , music , photographs and videos .	5
They descend into the depths of Billingate , where they find Davies locked away in a cell .	3
" Play Safe ( public information film )	0
John and Jack survive by leaping off the building into a large pool of water , as the helicopter crashes and explodes , killing Irina .	5
While Nick and Angus finish the preparations , everyone else leaves for quarters to secure for heavy g .	3
Early Texas census records list him as an Irishman and a farmer .	2
Manila , declared an open city to prevent its destruction , was occupied by the Japanese on 2 January 1942 .	4
He studied oil painting under Asai Chū at the Shōgōin Yōga Kenkyujō and " Kansai Bijutsu-in " ( Kansai Fine Art Academy ) together with Ryuzaburo Umehara .	5
Among mantises , cannibalism by female " Pseudomantis albofimriata " improves fecundity , overall growth , and body condition .	3
Despite the impression given by its short title , the " Bibliography " was an attempt to integrate other legal works into the Anglo-American tradition .	5
The label released the singular recording of influential DC band 1905 in 2004 , which went on to be one of their best-selling releases .	5
His twenty-year-old son Pompey inherited his estates , and the loyalty of his legions .	2
For surface running , the boats were powered by two 12-cylinder Vickers diesel engines , each driving one propeller shaft .	4
The Dolphins entered their first game of the season with a 0 – 0 record , traveling to face the 0 – 0 Houston Texans .	5
Many productions are starting to return to the United States due to recent legislation to counteract runaway production .	3
He earned a bachelor 's degree in history from Williams College in Williamstown , Massachusetts .	2
The location of Arbogast 's death was moved from the foyer to the stairwell .	2
In 1930 it became part of the municipality of Arizpe and got its autonomy in 1931 , with Banámichi as its municipal seat .	4
Although the band was initially waived by Paul McCartney and John Lennon , the former relented as more impressive Iveys tapes were brought in by Evans .	5
The wingspan is about 20 mm .	0
A larger SPB diameter increases microtubule nucleation capacity of the SPB , which is important for chromosome segregation .	3
In July 1999 , McGrath began serving as Chairman of the Board of Orange and Rockland Utilities , a subsidiary of Consolidated Edison , Inc .	5
Some of the Koraga colonies are developed with concrete lanes , tiled houses , electricity with financial support from District authorities , Taluk and village panchayats .	5
Following the Geddes Report all were struck off charge by the end of 1922 .	2
Art museum has a long history .	0
Gao gave this branch the lineage name " Dao Zong " , but the name is rarely used .	3
Gao asked for more instruction , but Song refused and Gao left to find another teacher .	3
The original founder , Phil Askey , is no longer involved in the day-to-day running of the site .	3
There was also a cohort of Latin American writers , hitherto unknown in Europe , whose works were first introduced to European readers thanks to La Licorne .	5
Third was the Democratic Alliance for Change ( ADM ) led by José dos Santos Luís with 6.12 % of the votes .	4
Grading scales for secondary certificates are standard .	0
Analysts suggested the very name — Charles of the Ritz — lacked consumer recognition .	2
Christian Ristow ( born July 2 , 1970 ) is an American robotic artist .	2
There are eighteen two-parameter families of regular compound tessellations of the Euclidean plane .	2
He was educated under Rev .	0
Jamiroquai 's unofficial logo , the Buffalo Man , was painted on the exterior .	2
Approximately 36 % of Finnmark county lies on the Finnmarksvidda .	1
In 1899 , Ernest also became a founding member of the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona .	3
São Paulo Athletic Club won the first three years championships .	1
In 2004 , the MPAA reported employment numbers for the entire United States .	2
He briefly came out of retirement in 1966 for the Howard Hawks film " El Dorado " starring John Wayne .	4
The wingspan is about 13 mm .	0
If they can go ten years while resisting the temptations of their former lives they are admitted to Heaven .	3
Currently operated by Otto in Philadelphia , bands have included The Shondes , Pygmylush , and 1905 , which released their only album on the label .	5
Specifically , ephrin-A5 was shown to stimulate growth cone spreading in spinal motor neurons and ephrin-B1 was shown to promote dendritic spine maturation .	4
He remained an honorary colonel until 8 June 1953 .	1
Terraces constructed in the memory of these women are located at Pirana , locally known as ‘ Satiyon ke chabutre ’ .	4
The most recent , the 4L IS II , released in 2012 and is the only model in production .	3
They were Chalunka , Tyakshi , Thang and Turtuk .	1
In male , collar and abdomen black .	0
The poster itself varies in size according to conference guidelines from 2x3 feet to 4x8 feet in dimensions .	3
The Academy sought the input of outside experts in the specific fields of the inventions .	2
The boys on their birth were named after the killed warriors , Jiwan and Raimal , as decided prior to the war .	4
That same year , she was invited as an expert scholar to participate in the Canadian All-Party Parliamentary Inquiry into Antisemitism , which produced the Ottawa Protocol .	5
On the second possession of the half the Dolphins drove the ball down field and allowed Reggie Bush to rush for a 25-yard touchdown .	5
It was described by Zayas in 1975 .	0
The Asian Scientist 100 list is an annual handpicked selection of 100 prize-winning Asian researchers , academicians , innovators and business leaders from across the Asia-Pacific region .	5
Consequently , the Manchester City line-up was not named until the morning of the match .	2
A temporary exhibition was opened in 1993 .	0
Slipstream 's sun is tethered to a migrating asteroid that has provided the nation with its wealth .	3
The crater is located at 35.4 ° S and 76.3 ° W on the Martian surface .	3
He was in a great relationship with Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and played tennis with a couple of times .	4
Gille is a member of the Leipzig club .	1
Ciro reveals what Sorus did to him and Vector is able to cure him using the immunity drug .	3
Later that night , the formation of the stable Valkyrie was revealed , consisting of Vélez , Rain , Allysin Kay , Taylor Made and April Hunter .	5
Abraham said that most of his work , and that of his colleagues on the Tribunals , was performed in Washington , DC .	4
It spread from Burgundy ( in what is now eastern France ) , their original area , over the rest of Western Europe .	4
However , a broken ankle reduced his playing efficacy .	1
His wife explodes , taking Scratchy with her .	1
He then lost to Dixon in the first round of the doubles but beat him again for the mixed doubles title .	4
EFG Hermes IFA provides the full range of brokerage services including an online trading platform .	2
Louisiana offers a straight 20 % subsidy for production costs , is that the next industry demand ?	3
The rural district has 24 villages .	0
Higher energy particles more easily exhibit particle characteristics , while lower energy particles more easily exhibit wave characteristics .	3
A 1997 international expedition of mainly Danish and Finnish scientists carried out a comprehensive sediment sampling program in North Star Bay .	4
Grandjean was born in Amsterdam .	0
The UNCIP made three visits to the subcontinent between 1948 and 1949 , trying to find a solution agreeable to both India and Pakistan .	5
The mechanism by which the male approaches the female is imperative for his survival .	2
Pompey , however , was not a consul and had never held public office .	2
It was described by Chevrolat in 1862 .	0
44 in Poland and No .	0
In 2007 he moved to Brittany , France .	1
Crowd reactions of fans at the actual 2013 NFL Draft , as well as Cleveland Browns fans at local bars , were filmed .	4
They find Scratchy now feeble , emaciated and bearded .	1
In 2011 , the West Fishing Pier was demolished .	1
" Second Story " peaked at No .	0
For every 100 females , there were 100.5 males .	1
It is her eleventh studio album .	0
The site had hosted illegally created e-books of " Harry Potter " , which Rowling had never agreed to be published .	4
It was recorded during their cross-Canadian " Fear of the Trailer Park " tour in support of their fifth studio album , " Gravity " .	5
The film was remade in 1988 .	0
Limonite type laterites ( or oxide type ) are highly enriched in iron due to very strong leaching of magnesium and silica .	4
They showed that football is the most beautiful sport of all .	1
Renovation began in 1977 with the removal of nearly all non-support internal structure and replacing them with a more modern floorplan .	4
In January 2011 , Breeds told Debbie Schipp of " The Advertiser " that the River Boys added a new dynamic to the series .	5
It is a stoutly built moth .	0
Parskar Gryhamsutram spells the usual Kamboja as Kambuja .	1
Mirande managed to incorporate Basque poetry into the modern European poetry landscape through an aestheticism of symbolist characteristics indebted to Charles Baudelaire and Edgar Allan Poe .	5
Cnm67 binds to the outer plaque protein Nud1p , a SPB protein required for exit from mitosis .	3
His post required that he provide horses and knights to Duke Louis X of Bavaria and to the Emperor to fight the war against the Ottoman Empire .	5
Numerical system from 1,0 to 7,0 :	0
Hickok welcomes him to Refuge , realizing that Sonny has earned his second chance .	2
Another 11 months later , he scored another hat-trick against Cagliari , although his side was beaten 5 – 3 .	4
There were disputes concerning particular findings of the theory .	1
It is an Episcopal church in the Diocese of West Texas .	1
He became one of the most internationally-known percussionist to emerge from the Samba Schools of Brazil ( Escola de Samba ) .	4
" I Love American Music " , the first single / video off the album , was premiered on " The Onion " s A.V .	5
Rolling turbos also offer the possibility of speculating on falling quotations .	1
In order to map the JSON-LD syntax to RDF , JSON-LD allows values to be coerced to a specified type or to be tagged with a language .	5
" First José Rizal Monument ( Daet )	0
The other relationship between these values is given by Euler 's formula :	2
He finished the season with only 4 goals in 41 games .	1
It has high stucco-on-concrete walls with small , high stained glass windows .	2
After each team punted , Pittsburgh 's Norm Johnson kicked a field goal to even the game with under two minutes remaining in the first quarter .	5
Sir Robert Anderson , 1st Baronet ( 8 December 1837 – 16 July 1921 ) was an Irish businessman , High Sheriff and Lord Mayor of Belfast .	5
The victory made Taczanowski a hero .	0
2-Oxoacid dehydrogenase transfer reactions occur by a similar mechanism in :	1
On 8 September 2008 , the judge ruled in her favour , claiming that the book would violate the terms of fair use .	4
Title pun : " It 's a Wonderful Life "	1
Ephrin ligands are divided into two subclasses of ephrin-A and ephrin-B based on their structure and linkage to the cell membrane .	4
The loud speaker tells riders to walk when the doors open .	1
The viola d 'amore shares many features of the viol family .	1
A dashing swashbuckler , Nick Succorso , confronts Angus and apparently rescues the woman .	2
The breeds that came in are unknown ; the melting-pot effect took over until the breed took on its own appearance and type .	4
Due to its success , it was continuously reinforced until it was raised to the status of an army as the Army of the Niemen .	5
On 31 May 1945 , " Staunch " joined in a practice sweep in preparation for the occupation of Iheya Shima .	4
Published files and boards ( including automatic updates from the author , where enabled ) are usually signed with 160-bit ECDSA signatures .	4
After retiring from his playing career , he became a rugby league referee .	2
" Alicia Kennedy , Baroness Kennedy of Cradley	0
The Combatant Clergy Association and its allies emerged as the largest bloc in the Majlis , winning 110 of the 270 seats .	4
This tour was presented in these important Mexican cities :	1
When Lila and Sam do not hear from Arbogast , Sam visits the motel .	2
The weight range varies from , and heights from .	1
The computer program par is a text formatting utility for Unix , written by Adam M. Costello as a replacement for the fmt command .	5
Deeply troubled , Walter quits the team but returns to headquarters with teammate Watts , best friend Macklin and Cassie 's sister to rescue the girl .	5
Sheila Rothman and Sherry Brandt-Rauf write : " Our findings cast doubt on the accuracy and desirability of linking ethnic groups to genetic disease .	5
The dense woods are portrayed by the pine tree whose four roots symbolise the four villages in the parish association .	4
Wenda feels sorry for the man and meets him in the park with some food .	2
MBC also has an expanding digital production department , and dominates the Arbitron rankings in Riley , Geary , and Pottawatomie counties .	4
It is found in Costa Rica .	0
" 2007 Stock Car Brasil season	0
All songs recorded in stereophonic sound .	0
He was initially taught by Jurriaan Andriessen .	0
In 1966 , she completed her Master 's degree with a thesis entitled , " Folklore of Easter island as a historical source " .	5
" L52 " and its successors were modified to maximise the number of 21-inch ( 53.3 cm ) torpedoes carried in the bow .	4
Lynch married socialist historian R. M. Fox in Dublin on 31 October 1922 and they settled in Glasnevin .	3
It organises lectures and social events , runs a library , and hosts meetings of the Liverpool Medical History Society , which was founded in 1984 .	5
The males have colored inflatable throat pouches .	0
The 1970s was a golden period .	0
The WIIU shared much of its membership with the SLP , and struggled after DeLeon 's death in 1914 .	3
He and his wife , who was seriously ill , committed suicide by carbon monoxide poisoning in the garage of their home in Redlands , California .	5
On 2 June , she and her sister minesweepers swept the waters around the island , and the U.S. Marines stormed ashore .	4
Many of these ideas have influenced leaders such as the Founding Father 's during the American Revolution and French revolutionaries during the French Revolution .	5
He attended a variety of schools in Germany .	1
The Sámi name means " Great River " .	1
Romà Forns Saldaña ( died 26 April 1942 ) was a Spanish / Catalan footballer and manager .	3
Two common spaghetti dishes served in Japan are the Bolognese and the Napolitan .	2
" T " indicates a tie for a place .	1
Shin began appearing in commercials in 1986 at the age of 13 , and made her television debut in 1988 on KBS .	4
At a concert at Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford , New Jersey , Casting Crowns performed an acoustic version of the song .	4
Nick had promised Davies to the Amnion as a show of good faith .	2
Aleš Kořínek ( born 9 January 1983 ) is a Czech football player , who currently plays for FC Tescoma Zlín as a goalkeeper .	5
Liberal Party stood as Liberal Focus Team .	0
/ " Hello , I 'm a Mac , " " And I 'm a PC ! "	3
The storyline consists of Casey succumbing to the bad reputation of the River Boys when he commits an arson attack against an adversary of the Braxton 's .	5
Tier 2 Databases are available for manual curation by scientists who are interested in any particular organism .	3
Thus it is a stellation of the octahedron , and in fact , the only finite stellation thereof .	3
Boulet released two solo albums before his death in 1990 .	1
However , his precarious economic situation forced him to work carrying out multiple trades ( woodcutter , charger , vendor fairs and carpenter ) .	5
Unlike Peer to Patent , however , there is no formal relationship between the USPTO and PatentDebate .	3
Bred from the indigenous cattle of Jutland the breed could be light grey , dark grey or black pied with upward curving horns .	4
Perhaps his most famous match was the one between Scotland and Germany at Ibrox on Wednesday , 14 October 1936 .	4
Mutated and normal forms of IDH1 had been studied for drug inhibition both in silico and in vitro , and some drugs are being developed ( e.g .	5
It was in use as the Judges ' Lodgings for the Monmouth Assizes before 1835 , and as the Militia Officers ' Mess in the 1870s .	5
Two hundred prints of the film were released over a series of two-week periods in three successive regional waves :	3
The secessionist violence decreased considerably after the formation of the Naga-majority Nagaland state , and more militants surrendered after the Shillong Accord of 1975 .	5
Social problems are born largely from socially constructed campaigns by moral entrepreneurs .	2
Title pun : " Four Weddings and a Funeral " '	1
In 1943 , SR 24 Spur was redesignated as SR 231 , and was extended to its current southern terminus .	4
The result was a victory for the Presidential Tendency coalition , which won 65 of the 125 seats in the National Assembly .	4
Brown was elected to the First Texas Legislature after annexation of Texas into the United States .	3
Zhivar ( ) may refer to :	0
It is found in Veracruz , Mexico .	0
Consequently , in order to ascertain the accuracy of who the winners and losers are , the infrastructure that protects that interest has to be secured .	5
As a scholar of German history and the Holocaust , Chatterley was consulted in 2014 about the problem of stolen art in Canadian museum collections .	5
Contravention of the Act is punishable by a term of imprisonment of between six months and five years , as well as a cash penalty .	5
Emil Knoevenagel showed that asymmetrically-substituted pyridine derivatives can be produced with this process .	2
Ande Publishing filed for bankruptcy in September 1987 without selling any of its booklets in the United States or elsewhere .	4
Lorde has received four nominations .	0
It was described by Martins in 1974 .	0
Nutting became the sixth principal owner in Pirates history on January 12 , 2007 .	2
An extra is a run scored by a means other than a batsman hitting the ball .	3
Many residency programs would give a year ’ s credit toward completion of residency for their time in military service to physicians who served under Option 2 .	5
It heads northeast to an intersection with SR 191 ( Dalton Drive ) .	2
At Aix-en-Provence , the autoroute becomes briefly the N296 dual-carriageway between the exits Jas-de-Boufan and Aix-les-Platanes .	3
Castiglione was renowned for his ability to paint animals , mostly barn animals , and this was often a dominant motif in his paintings .	5
The film often features shadows , mirrors , windows , and , less so , water .	3
It is found in Taiwan .	0
England are the defending champions .	0
When Derek , her boyfriend , is busy with work and ignores her too much , she takes the lead in breaking up bravely .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " The Heartbroke Kid "	1
It has been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , signifying sales of over 500,000 digital downloads .	4
The movie breaks the silence and the book breaks the cycle .	1
The regiment was redesignated as the 55th United States Colored Infantry Regiment on March 11 , when most colored units with state designations switched to Federal designations .	5
PGA Tour playoff record ( 14 – 10 )	1
- " The Heart Has Reasons " : a film about the way in which the heart is imagined by scientists and poets < br >	5
Sonny asks to stay behind with Rose , and Hickok hands him the Sheriff 's badge .	3
The Koraga are a tribal community found mainly in the Dakshina Kannada , Udupi districts of Karnataka and the Kasaragod district of Kerala , south India .	5
They had been friends for several years when Groves invited Andreassen to join the band officially , three years after it formed .	4
Lipoylated enzymes have lipoic acid attached to them covalently .	1
Feodorova studied the diaries and letters of I. K. Horner , F. I. Shemelin , M. I. Ratmanov and other participants of the first Russian round-the-world voyage .	5
After the war Crandon pushed on with the project .	1
The South African Indian Council was a body created by the apartheid-era South African government in 1968 to make recommendations to the government about matters affecting Indians .	5
Title pun : " The Eagle Has Landed " < br >	1
Tomato sauces are also present in Southern Italian cuisine , where they originated .	2
Krzna river flows out of the forest .	0
On the left side stands he minaret .	0
Platonic solids are often used to make dice , because dice of these shapes can be made fair .	3
He is good friends with Panamanian boxing legend Roberto Duran .	1
On November 16 , 2014 , during Shine 's parent company WWNLive 's tour of China , Vélez lost the Shine Championship to Mia Yim .	5
Burakovsky scored his first NHL goal in his NHL debut on 9 October 2014 , against Dustin Tokarski of the Montreal Canadiens .	4
Brand led the brigade at Pozières in July 1916 .	1
In 1998 , Gòmez became a born-again Christian .	1
According to Cassius Dio , Pompey made friendly proposals to Mithridates to test his disposition .	2
At the intersection with South Old Belair Road , the highway begins to skirt along the edge of the city limits of Evans .	4
Furthermore , praising the use of illustrations and bibliography , he did however comment that the book would have been improved by the inclusion of an index .	5
However Sansovini secured a place in starting line-up but Zizzari only able to play 11 starts , a reverse compared to 2006 – 07 season .	5
Brown represented Nacogdoches County in the Sixth Congress of the Republic of Texas from 1841 to 1842 .	3
" Asian Scientist " was launched in March 2011 by Asian Scientist Publishing Pte Ltd ( now known as Wildtype Media Group Pte Ltd ) .	5
It has been suggested that it was Jan Roos who convinced Castiglione to enliven his religious and mythological compositions with animal and still life elements .	5
It was described by Fisher in 1935 .	0
The Art Gallery of Burlington , founded in 1978 , is the seventh largest public art gallery in Ontario .	3
The rural district has 13 villages .	0
It decomposes at a moderate rate to acetone and carbon dioxide :	1
It is practically only a drainage ditch for the half-submerged , lake-flooded district it crosses .	2
During his long teaching career , he had hundreds if not thousands of students .	2
Later promoted to four-star general officer rank , his final post was Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Army .	4
It was described by Knull in 1938 .	0
After the draft party , Sonny reconciles with his mother over his excellent draft performance and her soon-to-be first grandchild .	4
" All-time tennis records – men 's singles	0
He is highly intelligent and his loyalty is legendary .	1
This resolution embodied principles regarding the seabed and its resources that would later be incorporated into the Convention .	3
On his retirement , the position was abolished .	1
It was described by Chevrolat in 1862 .	0
They recognized the suzerainty of certain emperors bearing the title , " Paramabhattaraka " ( most probably the Imperial Guptas .	4
On two occasions while at the anchorage , she joined the other ships in fighting off an enemy aircraft or two .	4
Nothing is known of his actions while quaestor .	1
23 ( first movement ) at Manhattan 's Town Hall at age 9 .	2
He received a Ph.D. in 19th century Irish history from Trinity College in 1983 .	2
He served in the foreign , culture and information branches .	1
Regehr would play 57 games for the Flames , but would not win the award .	2
Camel carts and bullock carts were formerly the chief means of transportation and are being replaced these days by bicycles , motorcycle and other four wheeler automobiles .	5
The software was written to filter attachments and was originally called MIMESweeper , then MIMEDefanger , and currently MIMEDefang .	3
It is long and drains a watershed of .	1
Schéner has traveled to Paris and Stockholm .	0
Title pun : " Ain 't I a stinker "	1
He retired from that position in 1987 .	0
There was an additional Free Rider Surcharge assessible to the employer .	1
The OMEN line is the same as what VoodooPC once was , but it is now run exclusively by parent company HP under the brand OMEN .	5
He managed Dartford and later worked as a scout at Chelsea and Southampton and is credited with having discovered Jimmy Greaves .	4
It 's a race to the bottom where nobody wins except film producers . "	2
The first was " World in Action : The Dust At Acre Mill " , produced by Granada TV and broadcast on ITV in June 1971 .	5
The genes that encode the ephrin-A and ephrin-B proteins are designated as " EFNA " and " EFNB " respectively .	4
He returned to Sicily after his arrival to study there and returned to the US in 1909 .	3
As the war dragged on they became more numerous and used larger ships .	2
" Simpsons " episode : " Stealing First Base "	1
Candidates chosen out of these increasingly polarized voter pools heighten rigidness and gridlock in the government .	3
He later moved to Berlin , New Hampshire , on May 27 , 1892 , where he was employed at the Riverside Mill of the Brown Company .	5
It is found on Fiji .	0
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature ( LPSN ) and National Center for Biotechnology Information ( NCBI )	5
" Simpsons " episode : " Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk "	1
The WIIU was invited to attend the first conference of the Comintern in 1919 , but did not affiliate .	3
Bott would later list them among his " decade 's worth of Windows mistakes . "	2
Additionally the private hire fleet was consolidated into Guildford and re-branded Countryliner .	2
" , reflects the world view of philosophical idealism .	1
EcoCyc contains written summaries of " E. coli " genes , distilled from over 16,000 scientific articles .	3
He moved back to his homeland and graduated first at the Annenschule then at the Law Faculty of the St. Petersburg University .	4
Undeloh linked by KVG regional bus lines number 4207 ( to Hanstedt / Hamburg-Harburg ) and 5200 ( to Salzhausen / Lüneburg ) .	4
" " is an American reality television series that originally aired on MTV from September 28 , 2004 until November 15 , 2006 .	4
Jimmy later bravely dies to save the others from Jerry , and leaves Jerry their temporary captive .	3
The William Frankland Award for Outstanding Services in the field of Clinical Allergy is awarded each year at the annual meeting of the BSACI .	5
The aim of OB PPS was to stop repressions following in the wake of the revolution , and demonstrate its strength to the Russian government .	5
They have traditionally been described as troublesome spirits who haunt a particular person instead of a specific location .	3
outside India with the Arab Writers Association .	0
8 in Scotland and No .	0
Prior to 2002 , Norman was Provost of Saint Vincent College .	1
Many similar schooners were also frequently sold and they became known as " tramp ships " .	3
In 1959-1960 the competition was conducted for two years .	1
At a 2002 press conference co-hosted with the Discovery Channel , the Biblical Archaeology Society announced the existence of the James Ossuary .	4
Justice Brandeis framed it thus ( citations omitted ) :	1
" Simpsons " episode : " The Daughter Also Rises "	1
Pasta dishes with lighter use of tomato are found in Trentino-Alto Adige and Emilia Romagna .	2
They gathered important intelligence information and smuggled it out to the U.S. Army , a process that sometimes took months .	4
They subsist mainly on rice and meats such as pork and beef , although they are increasingly also using produce such as pulses and vegetables .	5
Robert J. Houben ( 5 May 1905 – 11 April 1992 ) was a Belgian politician and a member of the Christian Social Party .	5
Hitchcock shoots through Marion 's windshield and the telephone booth , when Arbogast phones Sam and Lila .	3
Despite being banned from schools in the Emirates , there are no plans to ban them from bookshops within the country .	4
Schönlein in 1839 who introduced the term " tuberculosis " .	1
The M1910 scabbard was covered in canvas with a leather tip .	1
In 1956 , the Northport location opened in north Fargo .	1
4 in the final AP Poll .	0
In this field , he is specially interested in multivariate polynomials and more generally in computational algebraic geometry , with emphasis on polynomial system solving .	5
Csepreghi is married since 2010 .	0
In shock , Smyrna gave birth prematurely to her child .	1
Taylor , Sir Richard Burn , H.R .	0
Vručina nevertheless continued to perform well for the club in the Croatian league and he was their top goalscorer with 14 goals .	4
The Springboks lost the game 23-32 .	0
As a result , the completion of the motorway has been on the agenda , for 20 years .	3
Latrobe was the home of golfer Arnold Palmer .	1
After graduation from the academy , he attended pilot training at Randolph Air Force Base , Texas , and Williams Air Force Base , Ariz .	5
The duck is a skeleton and says " uh-oh " .	1
As an International Languages College , students learn a wide range of languages which underpin the international ethos of the school .	4
In 1992 , it was adapted scene-for-scene into three comic books by the Innovative Corporation .	2
His collection , " Erotismo al rojo blanco / Eroticism at a Burning White " , was given Mexico 's highest literary prize in 1983 .	5
The New South Wales Ice Hockey Association , currently trading as Ice Hockey NSW is the governing body of ice hockey in New South Wales , Australia .	5
He was active in the gay student organization at RPI and started a radio show there .	3
Next was Sagat Petchyindee in a small city of Thailand .	1
The SJC declined to hear any further appeals .	1
It was the fourth appearance of the event , which had been introduced in 1900 .	2
The sequels received mixed reviews and were universally considered inferior to the original .	2
The ruins of Tsin Kletzin , a Chacoan great house , sit on top of it .	3
The two gametangia fuse to form an immature zygospore .	1
These students tend to be active leaders in the school .	1
A large number of Muslim professionals and businessmen also live in this area .	2
The sexual cycle is thought to occur by the following steps .	1
It is included in the Central Karakoram National Park .	1
1973 — ACM \ \ Song of the Year \ " Behind Closed Doors "	2
The Muslim United Liberation Tigers of Assam ( MULTA ) , established in 1996 , advocates a separate country for the Muslims of the region .	5
The territories Mithridates had conquered , apart for Lesser Armenia , became client states .	2
Its studios are located at Centre City Tower in Downtown Pittsburgh and the transmitter tower is in the city 's Hazelwood neighborhood .	4
Madrid Dome in Aristotle Mountains , Antarctica is named in connection with the Protocol .	2
The play is then preceded by an invocation to the goddess Diana :	2
Writing for " Entertainment Weekly " , Alanna Nash gave " I Feel Alright " an " A " grade .	4
His refusal to be conscripted led to his being tried and imprisoned several times throughout the war .	3
The 8th Battalion moved to the Western Front during March 1916 .	1
A minister of the first National Party government in the 20th century , he resigned due to irreconcilable differences with the mainstream tendencies of the party .	5
Ernestine Wiedenbach ( August 18 , 1900 in Hamburg , Germany – March 8 , 1998 ) was a nursing theorist .	4
In January 2007 , still owned by PSV , Smit moved to Portugal 's C.S .	2
But Steinitz countered that the purchase would also require a significant shekel outlay for pilot training , hangar construction and maintenance equipment , among other items .	5
Norfolk 's leading position among the nobility was reflected in the Duchess 's role at court .	3
It was described by Knull in 1947 .	0
The Prodigal Planet , or A Thief in the Night IV , is a 1983 Christian end times film .	3
It was slightly smaller than the federal riding but covered much of the same area .	2
On his release from prison , Casey refuses to forgive Ricky which causes a strain in his relationship with Brax when he starts a relationship with Ricky .	5
Both England and France bid to host the tournament .	1
The main designer was killed in a glider crash on 11 July of the same year .	3
Because of this , Nick is stuck on Billingate and simply wanders the ' cruise ' .	3
In 1971 she became a chevalier ( knight ) in the French National Order of Merit , and in 1995 a chevalier in the Legion of Honour .	5
Nelson Estupiñán Bass ( 1912 – 2002 ) was born in Sua , a city in the predominantly Afro-Ecuadorian province of Esmeraldas in Ecuador .	5
In downtown , SR 284 has a very brief concurrency with SR 283 .	2
New bids were announced on March 3 , 2007 .	1
Both houses of the Congress passed the proposed legislation as written by unanimous vote , and it was signed into law by President Reagan .	5
Moss endured an injury-plagued season in 2007 – 08 .	1
Puzzles similar to a Rubik 's Cube come in all five shapes – see magic polyhedra .	3
The sulids comprise the gannets and boobies .	0
The long river is the largest in Central Norway .	1
The following table lists the various radii of the Platonic solids together with their surface area and volume .	3
He is also the lead vocalist in the Swedish heavy metal band Enter the Hunt .	2
This is the preferred terminology and oral history among the Wu Mengxia and Zhang Junfeng branches .	3
He studied composition with Joseph Ardévol in Cuba and in Paris with Nadia Boulanger , ethnology and folklore with Don Fernando Ortiz and María Muñoz de Quevedo .	5
AAP formed a government with Congress support .	0
In 1998 , in one of her earliest interviews , she said that she had a lifelong love of C. S. Lewis .	4
TVR had a budget of € 160,000 for Trăistariu 's show .	1
Simon Fraser University uses a 4.33-point grading scale	0
Scratchy quickly dons his spacesuit before being blown out into space .	1
He succeeded his father as Earl of Mornington on 1 July 1857 .	2
Albany Carnegie Library may refer to :	0
The English poet John Keats could hear the sound of the fountain 's water flowing soothingly from his deathbed .	3
The motorway traverses the Massif des Maures and is mainly 2x2 lanes .	2
It was described by Belon in 1890 .	0
The most apparent traits are :	0
Team Josef and Team Rytmus performed .	0
Elsewhere in Brighton and Hove , they designed buildings in the Flemish Renaissance , Arts and Crafts , Art Deco and François Premier Revival styles .	5
He also had a passion for developing photography of his own ; stating that he 'd like to be behind the camera professionally , one day .	5
Several spherically symmetric solutions to æ-theory have been found .	1
On August 1 , 2013 , Rob Dyrdek confirmed a second season with 26 episodes , which premiered on Nicktoons on December 23 , 2013 .	5
The rural district has 17 villages .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " Itchy & Scratchy & Marge "	1
Music by Uttam Singh & Jagdish Sodhi .	0
USS " Staunch " ( AM-307 ) was a steel-hulled Admirable-class minesweeper built for the U.S. Navy during World War II .	4
When studied in mass spectrometry , phenols easily form adduct ions with halogens .	2
He remained in this position until 2000 when he became President of the Board of Directors , a position he held until his death in 2003 .	5
Muhammad II ibn Faris , Abu Zayyan al-Sa 'id , was Marinid Sultan of Morocco in 1358 and again from 1362 to 1366 .	4
Astyanax is also the subject of several modern works :	1
The wingspan is about 15 mm .	0
Five days later , Chelsea 's assistant first-team coach , Henk ten Cate , had his contract terminated as well .	4
He then instructs Min to leave UMCPHQ , which is orbiting Earth , for Suka Bator .	3
Whilst some define the beach as the landward transition to the shoreface that extends from the low-water mark to the highest high-water mark , i.e .	5
The salt is excreted in a concentrated fluid from the nasal passages .	2
At the intersection with the southern terminus of Old Evans Road , SR 232 turns south-southeasterly onto Bobby Jones Expressway .	4
The Olympic draw suffered a setback on expected entries of well-known players due to scheduling conflicts with the 1912 Wimbledon Championships .	4
Of the first 19 office actions received by Peer-to-Patent applications , 5 cited the prior art submitted by reviewers .	3
He was recognized both nationally and internationally for his work in the fields of geography , historical cartography , military history , lexicography and etymology .	5
Meeran was appointed a JP in 1985 .	0
Prior to the signing of the treaty , nine other treaties occurred between the dates of 1802 and 1830 .	3
A church was built and dedicated on July 19 , 1835 .	1
The episode , Un cri dans la nuit ( A scream in the night ) was broadcast on TF1 in February 2008 .	4
Jim Popwell from Hawkinsville , the former owner of WSSY , was also the holder of the permit for the Dawson station .	4
Also gone is Bates ' interest in spiritualism , the occult and pornography .	2
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 9 : 30pm to 10 : 30pm , Monday to Friday on TVB .	4
It passes through rural parts of Madison County and runs along the Madison-Hart County line before entering Franklin County .	3
2NE1 may also refer to :	0
The ligase activity of this enzyme requires ATP .	1
Ewostatewos and his followers were persecuted , and Ewostatewos himself died in exile in Armenia in 1352 .	3
For a geometric interpretation of this property , see § Dual polyhedra below .	2
Zhang was a private student of Gao during his years in the city of Tianjin , China .	3
Frankland has since acknowledged that Fleming may have been " partly right " because the quality of penicillin production at the time was poor .	5
Its original version was included as the b-side of the single and was added to the album for its 2013 reissue .	4
He joined the northern circuit , and there , in competition with Edward Hall Alderson and James Parke , came to the fore in pleading .	5
In 1957 , 2 million copies of each comic book were sold .	2
The rural district has 18 villages .	0
Downey was 22 years old and Fecteau was 25 at the time of their capture .	2
It is found in the Dominican Republic .	0
This caused a construction and housing boom and a sharp inflation in the land and housing prices subsequently .	3
After preparatory studies at Chester Academy in Chester , Vermont , Blanchard matriculated at Middlebury College in 1828 .	3
It is found in New Guinea .	0
" An embassy from the East-India Company	0
Tregian was held in the Marshalsea for ten months before being returned to Cornwall for trial .	3
The principal threats to the species are believed to be fires started to clear land for cattle grazing , and collection for the pet trade .	5
To facilitate this process and to keep the patterns accurate , Isola maintained a set of " pattern books " .	4
Seton-Watson , of the committee established in 1916 to disseminate knowledge of Serbia throughout Great Britain and draw a tighter bond between the two countries .	5
An appeal was then filed with the Massachusetts Appeals Court .	1
The first well known Cuban communist was Pablo Lafargue , born in Santiago de Cuba in 1847 .	3
" The Bookshop on the Quay " is her best-known non-fantasy book .	2
For every 100 females , there were 88.0 males .	1
Matters were finalised on 17 April in Manchester .	1
The main depot was in Friar Gate , with a small depot near Derby Midland station at the junction of Midland Road and Carrington Street .	5
Šuto Orizari became a distinct municipality in 1996 .	1
Phraates brought many charges against Tigranes and many insinuations against the Romans .	2
In the Ultimate edition , the functionality is made available through Windows Update as Ultimate Extras .	3
More subtly , backlighting turns the rakes in the hardware store into talons above Lila 's head .	3
" Chehel Cheshmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District	0
This live version was later released on " Backtracks . "	1
The Treaty of the Dancing Rabbit Creek was signed on September 27 , 1830 .	2
It was described by Audinet-Serville in 1834 .	0
In January 2011 , the group signed to Shady Records and left E1 Entertainment .	2
This anomaly is a result of the construction history of the motorway .	2
George Evelyn may refer to :	0
After a successful freshman season , Weigh was hit with injuries during his sophomore season and decided to return to Australia in January 2008 .	5
In 2007 , he joined Red Propeller Gallery .	1
The same year , Tang was ranked 20th on " Forbes " China Celebrity with an income revenue of 45 million yuan .	4
The title track was written by Lou Reed after he heard Penn 's story about getting an inkless tattoo .	3
On his arrival , Pompey cut to pieces 6,000 fugitives from the battle .	2
" OPCW-UN Joint Mission in Syria	0
He had worked with singers from both Pakistan and India .	1
The lower slopes consist of " alpine dry steppes " .	1
1 ranking in the polls .	0
" Franklin Township Public Schools ( Somerset County , New Jersey )	1
Zhou ’ s skill in fighting had earned him the nickname “ Peerless Palm ” Zhou .	3
Cinderella Man may refer to :	0
The current manager is Scott Everett who joined DPReview in 2011 as a Product Manager .	2
He taught school for several years before completing his degree in law at the University of Virginia in 1874 .	3
The kings and bishops who encouraged these settlements assigned missionaries to appropriate areas in Aksum .	2
Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports to Dr. Juliana Chan and Dr. Rebecca Tan , who are both editors of the magazine .	5
An Australian international and Queensland Maroons representative centre / five-eighth , he played his club football in Toowoomba and Rockhampton .	4
The result , in a minor-key fashion , is a blast — " Apocalypse Now " among the hedgerows . "	4
" I want chicken , I want liver / " I wanna bottle of Coca-Cola ! "	3
Lee died 23 January 1946 in Llandudno , Wales .	1
The disease is typically diagnosed by either genetic testing or higher levels of methylmalonic acid than malonic acid in the urine , although both are elevated .	5
It soon grew with a few more stores under SuperValu .	1
He is known as the " Father of the Law of the Sea Conference " .	2
For this reason , the use of PCC and PDC was preferred .	2
In 2014 , HarperCollins acquired the young adult novel " Magonia " and a sequel .	2
Nelson is married to Lotta and has two children .	1
Melampus called his captors and demanded a move .	1
The class includes an introduction to navigational tools such as parallel rulers , globes and the compass rose .	3
This species is variable and may represent more than one species .	1
Heslar Naval Armory < BR > in honor of < BR > Captain Ola Fred Heslar , USNR ( Ret .	4
Manchester City 's cup run started with a home tie against Blackpool .	2
At the onset of the Second World War , " L27 " was a member of the 6th Submarine Flotilla .	4
Helene Deutsch ( née Rosenbach ; 9 October 1884 – 29 March 1982 ) was a Polish American psychoanalyst and colleague of Sigmund Freud .	5
The album debuted at No .	0
In fact , only a few species of penguin live so far south .	2
Title pun : " Circus of the Stars "	1
He was founder and former CEO of WND Books ( formerly World Ahead Publishing ) and a former vice president of marketing at PayPal .	5
Vjekoslav Tomić ( born 19 July 1983 ) is a Croatian football goalkeeper who most recently played for Turkish club Şanlıurfaspor .	4
Performers were to plan and create an original television commercial , and these commercials would compete against each other .	3
Students participate in a hands-on plankton tow and the specimen is taken back to the classroom for further examination .	3
To save his reputation , he has told the press she was innocent of the theft and that she was married to Tom .	4
Afternoons with Mike ( 2 – 7 pm ) , and Nights with Dave G. ( 7 – 12 pm ) .	4
He explained that he did not see himself going beyond 2014 and was looking forward to going to Los Angeles to find new roles .	5
" I Got Id " reached number two on the Mainstream Rock charts and number three on the Modern Rock charts .	4
" Fountain of Ahmed III ( Üsküdar )	0
Japanese baseball players from the Yomiuri Giants also promoted Oronamin with the phrase .	2
The following is an incomplete list of songs by Andreassen or her related ensembles , as included on film and TV :	4
Rancho Tres Ojos de Agua was on the west side .	1
The regiment continued to serve on garrison duty at Corinth , and was assigned to the Post of Corinth under the 2nd Division in November .	5
She is a " New York Times " -bestselling author as well as editor .	2
Asus Memo Pad may refer to :	0
A second trial , initiated by the publication of some articles in the Correo de Vitoria , sentenced him to six years of imprisonment in Pamplona .	5
Itchy shoots Scratchy with a shotgun , splattering his guts everywhere .	1
KTKZ features local host Phil Cowan weekdays from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m .	2
" Simpsons " episode : " Itchy & Scratchy & Marge "	1
AFG3 ATPase family gene 3-like 2 ( " S. cerevisiae " ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " AFG3L2 " gene .	5
He thrust a sword into Pompey and then Achillas and Savius stabbed him with daggers .	2
SWADEPA 's has many thousand members .	0
A special United Nations Commission for India and Pakistan ( UNCIP ) was set up to negotiate the withdrawal arrangements as per the Security Council resolution .	5
He was released after 12 days .	0
Its original main street is now North Branciforte Avenue .	1
Special areas of instruction for private students , clinics and Master Classes are Music Interpretation , Improvisation , Arranging and Composition .	4
Ritz launched an entire line of skincare and makeup under the Yves Saint Laurent Beaute brand .	3
Sōsei no Aquarion Love is an OVA featuring a crossover between characters from both " Aquarion EVOL " and its prequel " Genesis of Aquarion " .	5
" The Brick " features production by Showbiz , Street Radio , and The Alchemist , among others .	3
It is composed of three separate sloping areas of unimproved chalk downland , representing a type of habitat now uncommon in the Berkshire Downs .	5
They can submit prior art along with commentary and vote on the most relevant prior art .	3
The firm has maintained its position as one of the top two brokerage firms in Kuwait .	3
The Kebra Nagast is considered Holy Scripture in Ethiopia and is available in print .	2
In the 1890s , the name was changed to Lincoln School .	1
" List of princesses of Greece	0
He used the fellowship to do a photojournalism project in Yemen .	1
The Hong Kong branch of Gao 's art comes from He Kecai A.K.A Ho Ho Choi .	3
Magliocco became interested in studying the American Pagan movement in the mid-1990s , following the culmination of her fieldwork research in a Sicilian village .	5
On November 1 , 2005 , at Midnight , WRRK switched to adult hits , under the moniker " 96.9 Bob FM " .	4
Within a minute a far post cross from Roy Clarke narrowly eluded Hayes .	2
It was described by Cerda in 1968 .	0
" Maybe Tomorrow " was therefore culled from various studio recordings the group made during a 12-month period , mostly under the production of Tony Visconti .	5
The majority of the station 's schedule is simulcasted with its sister station in Rouyn-Noranda , CJMM-FM .	3
Ptolemy describes them near the Elbe , so to the east of the position described by Tacitus , in an area Tacitus associated with the Chauci .	5
Under the former head come the castes such as Pushpakan , Nambeesan , Thiyyadi , Kurukkal , Muthathu , Chakyar etc .	4
USAF personnel used graders to collect the contaminated snow and ice , which was loaded into wooden boxes at the crash site .	4
It is in the Louis XVI style , heavily rusticated and intricately carved even on the roofline , where the dormer windows have distinctive architraves .	5
There are some things in it that are true and there are some things in it that aren ’ t true .	4
Because the 3d electron states are the origin of the magnetic properties of the elements , the spectra contain information on the magnetic properties .	5
Duquesne went on to win the game 16-0 .	1
Her mother and sister moved to New Jersey to work at Seabrook Farms in January 1945 , and Weglyn joined them after finishing her treatment .	5
As Amazon are a sales company this does mean that DPReview is not now a truly independent reviewer .	3
On the petition of his friends , he was released by King James I .	2
The prize was 8,202 dollars and the possession of broadcasting rights in the winners hometown .	2
In 1988 , Flowers quit professional darts .	0
In 1995 , the SeaDogs held their home games in the Seattle Center Arena ( now known as Mercer Arena ) .	4
In his time at Feyenoord , Mtiliga was touted as a coming Danish international by manager Ruud Gullit .	3
The OSO education program raises awareness and enthusiasm in the next generation of Earth stewards .	2
The tetrahedron , cube , and octahedron all occur naturally in crystal structures .	2
2014 Turks and Caicos Islands Biggest International Win	0
Today young generation of the village claim to be fully literate all children now go to surrounding town Nawalgarh to attend schools , colleges and coaching 's .	5
The F-35 sale has been cited as one reason why there is little public pressure from Israel to stop the 2010 U.S. Arms Sale to Saudi Arabia .	5
He was a Fellow of the Royal Philatelic Society London and the Canadian Philatelic Society of Great Britain .	3
She and Léopold Lacour were able to obtain agreement on the final resolution , in favor of changing to a coeducational system in all countries .	5
It was hosted from September 6 to September 14 in two cities in the Netherlands – Den Bosch and Eindhoven – .	4
Information about these candidates may be found on this page .	1
Thomas Hastie came from Tasmania in January 1847 and was settled at Buninyong and The Leigh , while Rev J.Z .	4
In 2000 , when asked if she was a Christian by journalist Max Wyman of " The Vancouver Sun " , she replied :	4
In late 2013 , Nutting acquired nearby Hidden Valley Resort when it was purchased by Seven Springs .	3
EFG Hermes is listed on the Egyptian Exchange ( EGX ) and London ( LSE ) stock exchanges .	3
Franco won three out of nine games .	0
It is found in Venezuela .	0
Through Soar the Amnion hope to capture the crew of Trumpet for study .	2
But if you go to something like " Harry Potter " , you can find references to astrology , clairvoyance , and numerology .	4
" Howard Leigh , Baron Leigh of Hurley	0
However , his father found other ships and sent them after him .	2
Secure Online Key Backup was rendered inoperable after Digital Locker shut down on August 2009 .	2
Title pun : " Laughter is the best medicine "	1
The Christian Embassy is an evangelical organization affiliated with Cru , formerly known as Campus Crusade for Christ .	3
Lorde has received one nomination .	0
He has served as Chairman of the Board and represented his family 's interest in the club since 2002 .	3
There is also a cross circuit	0
Along with Golden Rooster Awards , Hundred Flowers Awards , these are known as China 's three main film awards .	4
Diaphragm calls are inserted entirely in the user 's mouth and require practice to learn to use correctly .	3
In this case the block and tackle is said to be " rove to advantage . "	3
They have were deployed by the US , UK , and Australia during the Iraq War .	3
This lens is constructed with a metal body and mount , and with plastic extremities and switches .	3
Types of knowledge exchange activities are :	0
Under Clark , the Red Storm were fairly competitive in their first eight Big East Conference games , despite losing each one .	4
After the primary and secondary studies , he entered the Franciscan novitiate in 1972 , and then studied philosophy at the National University of Galway from 1973-1976 .	5
For example , in 2008 there were 120 registered prostitutes in Linz , which has approximately 10 % of the size of Vienna .	4
The removal was only the first of the many Indian removal processes that would take place .	3
They suggested this was due to skin-thinning effects of a detergent sodium lauryl sulfate .	2
He also reported on the management of certain government departments .	1
As luck would have it Vector Shaheed was one of the lead scientists working on an anti-mutagen drug .	3
A prominent member of Civic Union , he served as Defence Minister during the first years of Julio María Sanguinetti 's first presidential term .	5
Most of the larval host plants belong to the family Rubiaceae .	1
Title pun : " Candle in the Wind "	1
In 1910 Herman Schuenemann bought an interest in the ship , expanding that to an eighth in 1912 .	3
Popeye K has had great success in the show ring .	1
He counts about 10 musicians in the extended Rescigno clan , mostly in his grandfather 's generation .	3
During the operations in the Es Salt area , Downes experimented with the delivery of drugs and medical supplies by air .	4
He then marched on the Iberians , who were allies of Mithridates .	2
The 1613 quarto was printed by Thomas Creede for the bookseller Richard Hawkins .	2
Becher 's main contribution was the start of the theory itself , however much it was changed after him .	3
Debrecen won the Hungarian Cup in the 2007 – 08 season by beating Budapest Honvéd in the final 9 – 1 on aggregate .	4
Nil points , not even for naffness . "	1
It is found in the Dominican Republic .	0
The Percentage System works as :	0
These observations solved the mass paradox and set the stage for the new oxygen theory of combustion .	3
It was first released on their 1989 album " Sonic Temple " , and was later released as a single .	4
Title pun : " Dancing with the Stars "	1
The front of the lens does not rotate nor extend when focusing .	2
He sent the cavalry down for skirmishes , which caused a large number of desertions .	2
It is found in Jamaica .	0
Furthermore , he lists a total of 240 names which have been applied to Óðinn in the Norse literature , illustrating his multi-faceted role in Norse religion .	5
The Academy opened in the Chalmers premises 6 October 1851 with Robert Lawson ( 1826 – 69 ) as rector .	4
It was directed by Kevin Parry .	0
The Dutch courts ruled that the books did not constitute parody and thus were not allowed to be sold in the Netherlands .	4
At the age of 16 , he won the European Jazz Festival as a solo pianist .	3
Emergence of efficient glass manufacturing in Europe , around the same time , lowered glass prices .	3
The mayor of the municipality , Kurto Dudush , is Romani .	1
The 2005 Greater Bristol Strategic Transport Study , commissioned by the regional government office , recommended construction of the new southern route to tackle congestion .	5
" Behind Closed Doors " won a Grammy Award in 1973 for Best Country & Western Recording .	3
In Von Schnurbein 's opinion , " The next step of critical investigation would be to analyze this concept of art as a construction as well . "	5
Miles had led an infantry-cavalry column from Fort Keogh in pursuit .	1
Colegio Monteverde may refer to :	0
The observations have to relate to novelty and inventive step , and they may be submitted anonymously .	3
A drop goal from Goodwin took the score to 10-nil and then after Parramatta were found offside , Goodwin kicked another penalty goal .	4
He was discharged from the AIF on 18 July 1919 .	1
The myth of Myrrha has been interpreted in various ways .	1
At roughly this time , the Byzantine empire was enjoying military success in its campaigns in the Holy Land .	3
In 1989 , he attended the six-week Advanced Management Program at Harvard University and was subsequently named the President and Chief Operating Officer of the company .	5
The production was supervised by Harry Kaufman .	0
There are categories such as " European-Style Pilsner " at beer competitions such as the World Beer Cup .	3
It was certified Silver by the BPI .	0
He was represented by the Ford NY modeling agency and was best known for his starring in the fall 2007 Dior Homme advertising campaign .	5
" SWEEP ( Soil and Water Environmental Enhancement program )	1
In the early 2000s the church faced judicial prosecutions for ethnic hatred , and Khinevich himself was imprisoned from 2009 to 2011 .	4
Historically , pyridine was produced from coal tar and as a byproduct of coal gasification .	2
He could also play deeper and hit superb long passes all over the field .	2
On the Green list : ( Greens-EFA )	0
She also organised and funded exhibitions that introduced European artists in Latin America , and acted as a sponsor for Uruguayan literary talents such as Felisberto Hernández .	5
There , he also studied composition and conducting with Nicolas Flagello and met colleague and mentor Anton Coppola .	3
SR 284 begins at an intersection with SR 11 Business ( NE Cleveland Highway ) in Gainesville .	3
In this period the city was under papal jurisdiction .	1
During this season ( on 15 April 2017 ) , he was sent off for the first time , against Empoli .	4
Eien may also refer to :	0
There are also five community parks and eighteen neighborhood parks .	1
Its short air racing history was interrupted by the 1932 death of its designer Claire Vance who struck a fog-covered mountain at Rocky Ridge .	5
The outer margin is tinged with green .	0
The printed edition of Cary 's play includes a dedication to Elizabeth Cary .	2
The peace was shorter still .	0
He continues with the history :	0
In his haste , Angus left the station without picking up some essential supplies including air-scrubbers .	3
Microsoft released a total of nine Ultimate Extras for users of Windows Vista Ultimate .	2
9 in the final AP Poll .	0
Its Python Scripting Provider is a core feature since Version 4.0 from 7 February 2013 .	2
" Visa policy of Ivory Coast	0
17 on the " Billboard " 200 album chart , their highest charting position to date , with 18,195 copies sold .	4
After Sam Allardyce was sacked as Blackburn manager , Kalinić fell out of favor with Blackburn 's newly appointed manager Steve Kean .	4
Crime , Inc. is a 1945 American film noir crime film directed by Lew Landers starring Leo Carrillo , Tom Neal and Martha Tilton	4
It probably had to do with the security of the Decapolis ( see below ) .	2
In Newfoundland and Labrador at Memorial University :	0
He has been a member of the chapter since 1994 , as the Prebendary of Monmohenock .	3
The next day , at an additional 1,225 locations , the film managed to accumulate $ 8,239,116 , opening at # 2 behind " Safe Haven " .	5
A Scan feature set was also provided but not continued into future CKD subsystems beyond the 2314 .	3
All these details are on Rolin 's side of the painting ; no equivalents are visible on the other , divine , side .	4
" 2015 IIHF Women 's World Championship	0
She was awarded her Ph.D. in 1929 .	0
After he retired from playing , Ortega managed the Honduras national football team at the 1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup finals , leading Honduras to a second-place finish .	5
In retirement and without pay , he organized the collections of Neotropical Tabanidae at the University of Florida and later at the Florida State Collection of Arthropods .	5
Bahakel served in the North Carolina Senate from 1972 until 1976 .	1
Senior PGA Tour playoff record ( 2 – 1 )	1
The property is under conservation .	0
However , he later admits to Brax that he is spending time with Danny , so he can stop him from targeting Ruby and her money .	5
degree in 1829 , and graduated M.A .	0
Power goes to the rear wheels through a rear mounted 4-speed automatic transmission with a limited slip differential .	3
However records from the era do not always include accurate statistics and he may have played more games .	3
The most extensive discussion of judicial review was in Federalist No .	1
In 53 BC , three candidates stood for the consulship for 52 BC .	2
It is one of the three measures for calculating the Human Development Index of a country .	3
She hoped that her brother John Stourton , 9th Baron Stourton , could intercede for her husband .	3
Cox returned to Australia on 13 March 1919 .	1
Bradshaw went on to play for Watford , Luton Town and Aberdare Athletic before joining Football League Third Division South side Queens Park Rangers in 1921 .	5
" It 's important to choose balances and tempi to allow the singers to sing beautifully . "	3
He has been cited over 2500 times in 28 countries of Europe , America and Asia .	3
It opened on August 21 , 1998 , taking students from Escola Primária Oficial , Escola Comercial Pedro Nolasco , and Liceu de Macau .	5
While copyright law does provide copyright owners with a basket of exclusive rights , the right to prohibit reading is not among them .	4
First in 1913 against the England team of Roderick McNair , Albert Prebble , Arthur Lowe and Charles P. Dixon .	4
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature ( LPSN ) and National Center for Biotechnology Information ( NCBI )	5
The Romans built a ramp and brought siege engines and battering rams from Tyre .	2
It is found in Paraná , Brazil .	0
The United States is one of the sole countries that requires its citizens to register separately from voting .	3
In 2013 the film premiered at Sundance Film Festival .	1
In 1997 Ristow relocated to Los Angeles to work in the field of animatronics for film and television .	3
In the 2014-2015 school year , Sonora 's boys ' basketball team won the CIF Southern Section championship .	3
They are purportedly capable of pinching , biting , hitting , and tripping people .	2
The fundraising matches continued , in spite of objections .	1
" I Plan to Stay a Believer	0
Similar to Freud , Wilhelm saw clients in a special room in his home , but he also had a formal office away from home .	5
Currently , Inter-con employs 25,000 persons in North America , South America , Latin America , and Africa .	3
On this occasion Flight Commander Edmonds torpedoed a Turkish transport ship a few miles north of the Dardanelles .	3
The optimates in the Senate remained suspicious of Pompey--this seemed yet another extraordinary appointment .	2
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature ( LPSN ) and National Center for Biotechnology Information ( NCBI )	5
Lorde has received two nominations .	0
The athletic teams are known as the Tigers .	1
After the students return to the lab , an overview of the water cycle and watersheds is given .	3
In 1868 , he visited Romania .	0
" Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap ( song )	1
For about a half year starting May 9 , 2005 , the " Genki hatsuratsū ? "	3
Tway was born in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .	1
It was established in 1873 .	0
In August 2011 , a man committed suicide by jumping from the third floor of the mall , landing in the ice skating rink .	5
She received emeritus status in 2011 .	0
" Nepenthes smilesii " has a widespread distribution throughout Indochina .	1
His birth name was actually Bernard McInally , but his first name had been changed to Thomas by the time of the 1901 census .	5
The IAF claims to be the only service with that flexibility , and it calls for accelerating the plan to procure 75 F-35s by 2030 .	5
The amnesty covered 4,634 people affected by the 1945 order or the 1946 act , and about 2,500 others who had been court-martialled or prosecuted in court .	5
There are many works about brand love .	0
Workers involved in the clean-up program have been campaigning for compensation for radiation-related illnesses they experienced in the years after the accident .	4
The jet was a modified Boeing 757 that contained altered lighting , staging and space for the band .	3
Judge Johnson allows the march .	0
Max 's father betrays him and tells Max he staged the incident before ( Revenge of The Shadow King .	3
Israel has planned to send pilots to train in the United States in 2017 then return to Israel with the 20 jets in 2018 .	5
A second English edition was published in 1720 .	1
A large asteroid , measuring is named 381 Myrrha .	1
They all ran away , except for the consul Gaius Piso , who was arrested .	2
With the prospect of a campaign against the pirates the prices of provisions fell .	2
He later took his mother 's maiden name with " Paul " as a nom de plume , and is usually known as Paul Reboux .	5
Miller 's decision was the subject of a legal challenge which was ultimately unanimously upheld by the Nevada Supreme Court .	4
This is an incomplete list .	0
Price moves on to look at the wide variety of other supernatural entities that existed within the Norse world-view : the servants of the gods ( i.e .	5
Anne McNeill has been director since 2000 .	0
Title pun : " Remembrance of Things Past "	1
It emphasizes positive feedback and progress .	0
The King immediately ordered that the Queen be confined to her apartments , and never saw her again .	3
According to the Imperial Gazetteer of India , around 1600 :	1
By 1907 , it had 15,500 members .	0
Some alterations were made in 1850 , but Clayton & Black 's extensive work of 1876 – 77 gave it the Victorian appearance it still retains .	5
By September the Crown had seized two-thirds of the Tregian property as a fine for recusancy .	3
It was renamed Lipson Co-operative Academy .	0
( The ) Vibe or VIBE may also refer to :	1
Rescigno has been credited with bringing the " Latin sun " to Richard Wagner 's music .	3
" Phycomyces " have two mating types that are indistinguishable morphologically .	1
One demand that remained constant was the request for bulletproof vests .	1
Deosai is one of the highest plains in the world .	1
The Granger Select 200 was a NASCAR Busch Grand National Series race held at the Louisville Motor Speedway in Louisville , Kentucky .	4
They certainly aren 't a sign that the books work to " indoctrinate " people into Wicca as a religion . "	4
Because of this , the Austrian Federal Ministry of the Interior wants to transform illegal prostitution into legal regulated prostitution .	4
In 1975 , several of Voegelin 's colleagues and former students collaborated on the festschrift " Linguistics and Anthropology : In Honor of C. F. Voegelin " .	5
† Died in office May 2011 .	0
The property 's condition deteriorated , until Paul Kleffner obtained the ranch in 1943 , first leasing it and then buying it outright in 1946 .	5
When reading Stahl 's work , he assumed that phlogiston was in fact very material .	2
While on tour in Eastern Europe , Steve recorded A Midwest Dream with symphony orchestra for the classically influenced recording Moment in Movement .	4
Reversed cannibalism in " M. sociabilis " may also be influenced by size dimorphism .	2
The first step occurs early in G1 , when satellite material forms on cytoplasmic tip of half-bridge .	3
He then immediately began firing his weapon at more bound hostages .	1
It came to the Academy in 1875 .	0
When the playoffs started , the Steelers defeated the Buffalo Bills 40 – 21 in the Divisional round to advance to their second consecutive AFC Championship Game .	5
He was born in Kota , Rajasthan .	0
The person filing the observations does not become party to the proceedings .	2
Pompey could not look at Mithridates ' body and sent it to Sinope .	2
He also serves as Honorary Ambassador for the League of Industries .	1
They were fast-moving nektonic carnivores .	0
Bertin died just over a year and a half after the French government had terminated the contract for a planned Aérotrain line between Cergy and La Défense .	5
Cox volunteered himself and his squadron for service in South Africa .	1
In autumn 1999 , German publisher Suhrkamp re-issued " Vergeltung " , which met much more positive responses now than during its first publication in autumn 1956 .	5
On 22 September , 2003 , Shin married Kim Jung-soo , who was then the CEO of her talent agency Good Player Entertainment .	4
" List of countries by quality of healthcare	0
The districts represented the longstanding geographic and political divisions that had existed in the tribe in the Southeast .	3
It is found in Paraná , Brazil .	0
He died after a stroke in Evanston , Illinois in 2015 .	1
In Taipei , Taiwan the older lineage comes from Wu Jin-Yuan and his son Wu Huai-Shan .	3
Igor Mosiychuk became deputy commander .	0
Since 2003 , graduates of the University of Kent 's Medway campus have had separate graduation ceremonies at Rochester Cathedral in Medway .	4
Asda 's latest attempt to draw attention to themselves involves trying to leap on the " Harry Potter " bandwagon .	4
Liverpool kicked off the first half of extra time .	1
Bookie Duke Bradley ( Clark Gable ) stops the bank from taking the stud of Grandpa Clayton ( Lionel Barrymore ) .	4
As it was during the seven-year period when the NFL didn 't implement instant replay , the play could not be challenged and reversed .	5
81 minutes of pure torture .	0
She also holds an M.A .	0
The wingspan is about 15 mm .	0
Courtship displays in sexually cannibalistic spiders are imperative in order to ensure the female is less aggressive .	3
Williamsport High School is a public high school in Williamsport , Washington County , Maryland , United States .	3
All judges are bound to follow the Constitution .	1
" Simpsons " episode : " Stark Raving Dad "	1
Among them “ Índio perdido ” , that would become “ Lugar comum ” , when Gilberto Gil wrote its lyrics .	4
" Wild Grinders " received a 1.8 out of 10 by IMDb , which is considered to be Nickelodeon 's first lowest-rated TV show .	5
The firm is also within the top two ranked brokers on the Abu Dhabi Securities Market .	3
The younger Tigranes fled and at first wanted to go to Mithridates .	2
The park is adjacent to the City of Manchester Stadium , the Manchester Velodrome and Philips Park Cemetery .	3
His first job in Cuba was as a tailors ’ assistant and rapidly became active in Cuban Unions .	3
The reason for the outbreak was claimed to be an offensive gesture towards the Hindu deity at the temple by a member of the procession .	5
is located in Leningrad Oblast , Russia .	0
By cutting out the middleman in this way the trees could be sold cheaply while still making a profit .	3
The principal use of the 184 was its use in anti-submarine patrol work .	2
Below each window is a taller stained glass window with biblical depictions leaded into each one .	3
Of her atmospheric paintings , Meinhold commented :	0
Though never released as a single , the song has been applauded for Chris Cornell 's outstanding vocals on it .	4
Voters tend to be older , wealthier , and more educated than non-voters .	2
Homosexual male prostitution was legalized in 1989. under paragraph § 210 of the penal code ( " Strafgesetzbuch " ) .	4
The fund was started by Adam 's parents Tom and Judy Webster , after his death in June 1999 .	3
When some of these tracks were carefully re-mixed for Badfinger 's debut album " Magic Christian Music " the sound quality was significantly improved .	5
Both members have gone on to solo careers as producers and artists .	2
Chief Justice John Marshall wrote the opinion for a unanimous Court .	1
The Charity ceased active operation in 2012 .	0
The 184 was also used for trials of the Davis gun in April 1916	2
General Average / Moyenne Générale 12.575	0
But there are many different ways that a spanning layer can be crafted . "	2
On May 15 , 2013 , KTKZ was re-branded as " AM 1380 The Answer " .	3
Blanchard later credited this encounter as an influential moment in the development of his pacifist views .	3
Miami opened the game with an impressive 80-yard drive after the opening kickoff , which lead to a quarterback Ryan Tannehill two-yard rushing touchdown .	5
Small samples are still brewed in a traditional way for taste comparisons .	2
His abilities as an administrator were still in demand .	1
John Francis Doran MM ( 3 January 1896 – 7 January 1940 ) was a professional footballer who played three times for the Ireland national team .	5
Most larks are fairly dull in appearance .	0
These featured a few clothing items , but many pairs of shoes , stockings , and long , long leggings .	4
During the 1991 season he was based in Devonport with the Navy and traveled to Whangarei for matches and training .	4
The division is focused on attractive investment opportunities that capitalise on different opportunities in and outside the MENA region .	3
" Silver Condor Award for Best Actress	0
The Dulgubnii in Tacitus are probably the same as Ptolemy 's " Doulgoumnioi " of the same region ( Book 2 , Chapter 10 ) .	5
Extensive real-world sample galleries are available for all reviewed ( and some unreviewed ) cameras and lenses .	3
Braswell was assigned to Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe , Belgium , as assistant chief of staff for operations from September 1974 to June 1977 .	5
While talking to Doc , Sonny lets slip the true nature of their gang .	2
Pompey 's military glory was second to none for a few decades .	2
The construction works took 17 years to be completed , and the building was finally inaugurated on 25 January 1945 .	4
The adipose fin is present .	0
In 2009 , Hornbacher 's revamped their advertising .	1
The president was Jean-Pierre Goyer , a lawyer and former Canadian cabinet minister .	2
The family worked as tenant farmers in Brentwood , and Weglyn attended Liberty Union High School , receiving a citizenship award from the American Legion in 1940 .	5
Prominent theorists include right-accelerationist Nick Land .	0
Nutting serves as the President and CEO of Ogden Newspapers , Inc. headquartered in Wheeling , West Virginia .	3
Alfred was a member of the Sydney side Eastern Suburbs - one of only two surviving foundation clubs .	3
He was evacuated to Egypt sick on 12 January 1916 .	1
The village itself contains the Ship Inn ( owned by the St Austell Brewery ) , a post office , and several shops .	4
Kittikhoun is noted for maintaining the longest length of service as a Lao diplomat , and is one of the longest-serving Ambassadors at the United Nations .	5
Four of his poems have survived .	0
King Solomon agreed to take Makeda as his student and taught her how to be a good queen .	3
" List of museums in Bihar	0
Cassius Dio wrote that Marcus Scaurus was Sextus ’ half-brother on his mother 's side .	2
where formula _ 3 is the sign function .	1
He has a son called Elliot .	0
In 88 BC , Lucius Cornelius Sulla was elected consul .	1
Some pieces performed are arranged by the band members themselves .	1
That year the line-up was specialized on Viking and pagan metal , and better-known bands were signed .	3
Pyridine is also the starting compound for the preparation of pyrithione-based fungicides .	2
An artisan 's son , Bartels studied literature .	1
Such was their effectiveness that by the end of the war , Japan controlled only twelve of the forty-eight provinces .	4
Lorde has received one nomination .	0
This is easily seen by examining the construction of the dual polyhedron .	2
Born October 8 , 1945 in Flushing , Queens , Rescigno is the eldest of three siblings .	3
This determines the process yield .	0
The third and final season of " Jem " aired between February 2 , 1988 and May 2 , 1988 as first-run syndication in the United States .	5
In 1919 , under Freud 's supervision , Helene began analyzing her first patient , Viktor Tausk , while at the same time Freud was analyzing Helene .	5
The release has an untraditional number of songs at 22 , though as its title suggests , all songs are short and mostly under 90 seconds .	5
" Zu ol Faqr Rural District	0
After Shūhō Myōchō confirmed Kanzan Egen 's enlightenment , Kanzan went to Mino Province and dwelt in the Ibuki Mountains for intensive training .	4
The Protestant Methodists constituted themselves as a separate body in 1828 .	1
Born in 1940 , MacCarthy was educated at St. Columba 's College in Rathfarnham , Dublin .	3
Graysmith also stated that Hitchcock later acknowledged Renfro 's participation in the scene .	2
" Simpsons " episode : " The Winter of His Content "	1
The Lake McDonald Lodge Coffee Shop is a visitor services building in the Lake McDonald district of Glacier National Park , Montana , USA .	5
Their striking black-and-white plumage is often likened to a white tie suit .	2
In 2001 , Feodorova published her attempts at decoding , reading , and translating all the examples of ancient Rapanui text from museums around the world .	5
The game was released in March 1990 for MS-DOS-based PCs and was available as either a 5.25-inch or 3.5-inch floppy disk .	4
The castle was rebuilt by 1650 ; and in 1740 it was renovated and expanded in the style of a Baroque palace .	4
On 9 October 2012 , Ko was chosen as one of " Ten Outstanding Young People of Taiwan " by the Junior Chamber International Taiwan .	5
" 2009 NCAA Division I Field Hockey Championship	0
From 1987 , when she retired , Isola worked on painting rather than textiles , until her death on 3 March 2001 .	4
About the same time another of the Duchess 's daughters , Katherine Daubeney , Lady Bridgewater was also arrested .	3
In February 1832 , the second group , including Harkins , of Choctaws boarded the " Huron " steamboat .	3
Voters and non-voters can have the gap of politicians taking into account certain needs over others .	3
was released on October 24 , 2008 .	0
Genetic and historical studies of the Ashkenazi population suggest it may have gone through population bottlenecks , thereby giving strong support to the founder effects theory .	5
He often took parts as a priest or minister , county sheriff , or western marshal , and made numerous appearances in films by Joe Dante .	5
Besides this , other careers such as teaching , nursing , and defense forces are also popular among the young generation of the village .	5
Federman was appointed Vice Chairman of AMD .	0
Mares Jr. on the properties of single- and many-variable sinc integrals .	1
He first visited Orlando in 1948 during a college match .	1
This would bar the plane from being outfitted with radar built by Israel Aerospace Industries ' Elta division or missiles produced by Rafael Advanced Defense Systems .	5
In truth he was named Harpo because he played the harp .	1
Pompey married Cornelia , a daughter of Quintus Caecilius Metellus Pius Scipio Nasica .	2
The band began posting bilingually at this time .	1
Their most commercially successfull album " অসমাপ্ত ২ ( Unfinished II ) " was released in October 7 , 2011 by ME Label .	4
He lost to Salvador Sanchez by 8th-round TKO .	1
James Knox Taylor designed it .	0
Below is an overall list , with titles won in Montenegrin Cup and SFR Yugoslavia / Serbia and Montenegro Cup .	4
Several places or species were named after Costa Leal , including the Bottle tree species " Pachypodium lealii " Welw .	4
Rosson and Harlow separated in May 1934 with Harlow charging that Rosson was " rude , sullen and irritable " .	4
On the Venstre list : ( ALDE )	0
This followed appointment as professor and chairman of Department of Biochemistry at Arabian Gulf University in Bahrain from 2000-2017 .	3
He also published a novel in 1930 called " Los topos " , in which he criticized Manuel Llaneza , a socialist mining leader .	5
He continued to write and in 2001 he purchased the " Salmen " in Hartheim am Rhein , a restaurant with a theater stage .	5
" Newham London Borough Council elections	0
This wrestling also combined punching , kicking , joint locking and point striking with its throwing techniques .	3
Title pun : " What 's New Pussycat ? "	1
In 2008 , they also won the Duff Cooper Prize .	1
However , the majority of Nagas , operating under the various factions of the National Socialist Council of Nagaland , continue to demand a separate country .	5
In 1948 , he failed in his attempt to take over his father 's company and also failed in setting up his own advertising agency .	5
Phlogiston theory states that " phlogisticated " substances are substances that contain phlogiston and " dephlogisticate " when burned .	3
" Melrose Caverns and Harrison Farmstead	0
" Ilima " is the symbol of Laloimehani and is the flower for the island of Oahu .	3
Pompey 's head was severed and his unclothed body was thrown in the sea .	2
Its past publications included " Bible Review " ( 1985 – 2005 ) and " Archaeology Odyssey " ( 1998 – 2006 ) .	4
The hindwings are grey whitish .	0
Once inside the vault , Komarov kills Alik and calls Chagarin to gloat and to listen as Chagarin is killed by a henchman of Komarov 's .	5
He took it by storm in one day and quickly went to Metropolis .	2
It is sponsored by the Oficina de Desarrollo Cultural ( Office of Cultural Development ) of the Ponce Municipal Government .	4
Downey and his Chinese-born wife were married in 1975 ; they had a son .	2
The Adamesque ornamentation of the fireplaces ' mantles and cornices are among the most detailed in the city .	3
In 1931 , Lady Margaret married Hon .	0
The markings are rust brown .	0
" The established nations pass the ball around their friends .	1
" Simpsons " episode : " Every Man 's Dream "	1
He taught classes for Gao and was known for his skill in the Xian Tian ( pre-heaven ) palms .	3
It is found on Borneo .	0
In this case , realization of the axiom is a higher order function , i.e. , a function that uses another function as an input .	5
On June 2 , 2011 , Mark Sultan announced that he and King Khan had recorded with one another once again .	4
Another civil war broke out between the Marians and Sulla in 83-82 BC .	2
In 2001 , Massimo Introvigne , an Italian expert in emerging religious movements , criticised the Fundamentalist impulse to distrust fantasy .	4
EFG Hermes Securities Brokerage is the leading brokerage house in the Arab world .	2
Opisso and son Alfredo Viñas , journalist , historian and critic , and Antonia Hall and Gil , his sister Regina Opisso , was also a writer .	5
Heart muscle and renal cortex prefer acetoacetate over glucose .	1
Scratchy 's headless body begins to chase the severed head .	1
However , when Natan Sharansky resigned from the Knesset in November 2006 , Katz replaced him as the next member on the list .	4
Commercial office buildings in CapitaLand 's portfolio include Asia Square Tower 2 , Capital Tower , CapitaGreen , CapitaSpring , an upcoming 280m skyscraper in Raffles Place .	5
Vontae advises Sonny to re-watch college footage of him and Callahan playing against each other , with Mack coming out on top .	4
The molecule is planar and , thus , follows the Hückel criteria for aromatic systems .	2
Yasumitsu Satō is the current JSA president .	0
She was rewarded with a 2nd-place finish .	0
Whitehead takes advantage of the situation to finally kill O 'Neill by shooting him in the back of the head .	4
The overwhelming majority of the inhabitants are Muslims .	1
The Battle of Leyte Gulf ended in disaster for the Japanese and was the biggest naval battle of World War II .	4
The program has been broadcast live by the Nine Network since 2009 and airs after children 's programming and runs from 7am to 10am on weekends .	5
After signing with G-Series , they released their debut studio album " ত্রিমাত্রিক ( Three-Dimensional ) " in October 2000 .	4
Jeffrey made nearly 300 appearances in the Football League , scoring over 100 goals .	2
He is later defeated by the Rider and killed by Punisher .	1
The 3 step " Westcode " brake uses three wires and these operate in a binary sequence to control the brake step .	4
Despite Celtic bossing the remainder of the match , it was Third Lanark who scored next with John Oswald scoring the winner late in the game .	5
Thompson acknowledges the four manuscript share an orderly layout and similar graphic style , creating the appearance of uniformity .	3
" Digital Photography Review " was founded in December 1998 in the United Kingdom by Philip and Joanna Askey .	3
The backdrop was President Nixon 's early 1970s ' historic diplomatic opening to China .	2
She now lives in Sussex with her family .	1
The symbolic center of the main sanctuary is the lotus throne , or " padmasana " , which is therefore the ritual focus of the entire complex .	5
In the first case , a taxi driver has been killed in an apparent arson attack inside his car .	3
It was described by Haldeman in 1847 .	0
He was the father of actor and filmmaker Ron Howard and actor Clint Howard , and grandfather of the actresses Bryce Dallas Howard and Paige Howard .	5
He was a Deputy Lieutenant of Cornwall .	0
From 1993 until his death , he worked as a professor at the University of Ljubljana .	3
When harvest time came close Caesar 's troops were going to have plenty of grain .	2
They gave up large quantities of weapons , ships and ship building materials .	2
The Gallery has a " Fire + Earth " exhibition through Virtual Museums Canada .	2
He lives alternately in London and Hurley .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " Blame It on Lisa "	1
Morgan received the Legion of Merit .	0
The bridge begins with the lines :	0
Pompey 's tactics were usually efficient , albeit not particularly innovative or imaginative .	2
Walker attended the University of Virginia and played on the women 's basketball team ( known as " The Cavaliers " ) from 1995 to 1999 .	5
The former Alcuin Hall was renamed as the Student Activity Center .	1
1 School of Technical Training , No .	0
" Santa Rita Experimental Range and Wildlife Area	0
Even in situations in which a child usually calls for his mother , [ Martin ] turned more often to Felix than to me .	5
Research conducted in 2003 concluded , " Plutonium in the marine environment at Thule presents an insignificant risk to man .	4
His career and defeat are significant in Rome 's subsequent transformation from Republic to Empire .	2
F. Evans , REME ) were killed .	0
Warter has a primary school located on Addlekeld , the main street through Warter .	2
It is native to western North America from British Columbia to Saskatchewan in Canada south to Nevada and New Mexico in the United States .	5
Plutarch wrote that in Rome Pompey was looked at with both fear and great expectations .	2
The player is awarded points for each successful objective they complete , and has three attempts to make it through the game .	4
before adding , " This cartoon was made in Korea " .	1
Of these , the holotype is the largest , at 33.8 mm mantle length ( ML ) .	3
Synopsis : An X-rated 1970s-style " I & S " cartoon .	1
He retired in 1933 with the rank of major general .	1
The nondiagonal numbers say how many of the column 's element occur in or at the row 's element .	3
Title pun : The King 's Speech < br >	1
The college offers research facilities in botany and chemistry .	1
Smyrna fled , but her father later caught up with her .	1
Younes confirmed that Casey 's time in jail would not go well and viewers would see a " darker more wary Casey " upon his return .	5
Between 1910 and 1912 Forns also played at least 4 times for the Catalan XI .	2
He was a dedicated music fan and a fanatic for all things American , Elvis in particular , and The South in general .	4
However , much of Cilicia Paedia belonged to the kingdom of Armenia .	2
Watson was the son of Sir Edward Watson of Rockingham Castle and his wife Anne Digby daughter of Kenelm Digby of Stoke Dry , Rutland .	5
Charles Bolton may refer to :	0
which led to popular resentment .	0
It is found in Paraná , Brazil .	0
The sex and violence in the film were unlike anything previously seen in a mainstream film .	3
in haploid cells , the SPB grows in diameter from 80 nm in G1 to 110 nm in mitosis .	3
The album was also elected by the Brazilian edition of " Rolling Stone " as the 11th best Brazilian album of 2016 .	4
He was reelected to the Sixty-fourth and Sixty-fifth Congresses and served from April 7 , 1914 , to March 3 , 1919 .	4
H. J. Fynes-Clinton , to whom the development of the rapprochement between the Anglican and Eastern-Orthodox Churches is due more than to any living man " .	5
In 1948 , he was awarded the Order of Culture by the Japanese government , and was appointed a member of the Japan Art Academy .	5
The term " moral entrepreneur " was coined by Howard S. Becker .	2
In 2007 , Quinn and T.I .	0
There , they haul the Irishman O 'Neill seemingly out of the ground from a wooden pike buried in the ground .	4
He dutifully sees his adopted son through various milestones .	1
The Hærulf Runestone dates from the 10th century and is classified as being carved in runestone style RAK .	3
Pompey repelled him until the ships returned and set sail at night .	2
Apollodorus tells of three possible parentages for Adonis .	1
Pierre Jamin ( born 13 March 1987 ) is a French midfielder currently playing for Championnat National 3 side Aurillac .	4
CSI : Hard Evidence is a computer and Xbox 360 game based on the " " television series .	3
The Oilers defeated the Jets , 3-0 .	0
Koraga people are known for drum beating ( " dollu " or " dolu " beating ) and it is one of their important cultural contributions .	5
Third Lanark had an even more prolonged route to the final with the matches against Queens Park and Abercorn having to be replayed following appeals .	5
Zapis choroby is a book written by a Polish right-wing journalist Rafał Ziemkiewicz in 2006 .	2
Carry the Zero is an EP by Built to Spill .	1
Second joint of palpi black .	0
Vojteh Ravnikar ( 4 April 1943 – 17 September 2010 ) was a Slovenian architect .	2
Thus phlogiston accounted for combustion via a process that was opposite to that of the oxygen theory .	3
Currently , Mrs. Angela Chow is a bilingual TV host at the global Chinese network of Phoenix Satellite Television in Hong Kong .	4
Grade F is the sole failing mark .	0
The final report " lack [ ed ] scientific research independent of the industrial sector " which " conditioned some of the final recommendations ( e.g .	5
A pulley may have a groove or grooves between flanges around its circumference to locate the cable or belt .	3
At 15 : 22 EST , about six hours into the flight and south of Thule Air Base , Haug declared an emergency .	4
His interest in architecture saw him studying under the revered Ralph Adams Cram in Massachusetts .	2
As of 2013 he is a teacher at Minzu University of China and he is the chairperson of Beijing Dream Castle Culture Co . , Ltd .	5
The 55th returned to Memphis , where it briefly transferred to the 2nd Brigade of the Post and Defenses of Memphis in January 1865 .	5
The gallery space incorporates a bookshop .	0
In reality the win was equally comfortable : Eddy Brown added two goals to his hat-trick at Torquay .	3
It was through Trennan that she was introduced to many other members of the Pagan community , including to a local Gardnerian Wiccan coven .	5
The wingspan is about 13 mm .	0
Trainer Laurie Barnett rushed onto the pitch , and treatment continued for several minutes .	2
It is now a ghost town .	0
Reddy was targeting Parramatta 's champion lock , Ray Price but in the process gave away a number of penalties .	4
offers a breath of fresh air to thinking people sadly wandering amidst vapid pop star-worship and destruction of the planet ’ s resources . "	5
An eye surgeon originally from India was brutally killed in his own home .	2
The tit for tat tax credit game is one with only one loser , the taxpayer .	3
Blanchard was ordained in that city to preach at Sixth Presbyterian Church , a New School congregation .	3
Weekends feature programs on law , aging , finance and Brokered programming .	2
Noting the complexity of analysing staff ruling , Thompson restricts her comments to general ones .	2
Edward Lhuyd 's Scottish field work between 1699-1700 contained substantial wordlists for Argyll and Inverness-shire dialects which , however , were not published until much later .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " Itchy & Scratchy Land "	1
They also backed Warhol superstar Holly Woodlawn at several live shows .	1
User applications usually deal only with the topmost layers ( see also OSI model ) .	2
While never his nephew 's teacher in a formal sense , Nicola Rescigno was a significant influence and mentor .	3
The treasure of Antene is located in Leaf 's Choir , a sargasso near Gehellen .	2
David suspects Linda of being a spy , since it seems that government agents always know where they are .	3
The windows are surrounded with tall slender pilasters and overhanging entablatures , that add dimension to the walls .	3
They serve clients from the Middle East , North Africa , Europe and the United States .	3
Engaging with the public in that way deemed native tribes as being more civilized and intellectual .	3
was announced on March 25 , 2008 .	0
William E. Corbin was the inventor of Nibroc paper towels and was the mayor of the city of Berlin , New Hampshire ( 1931 – 1932 ) .	5
( Now it graduates about 164 physicians each year ; around 90 % of all USUHS graduates remain on active duty until reaching retirement eligibility . )	5
The 13th BET Awards were held at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in Los Angeles , California on June 30 , 2013 .	4
It was formed by several active visual arts co-operatives and guilds in the Burlington region .	2
" Simpsons " episode : " Bart After Dark "	1
Talbott was born in rural Meigs County , Ohio , one of eight children of Joshua and Adeline L. ( Williamson ) Talbott .	4
However , weakening one of them would double the power of the other .	2
In February 1995 , Magliocco attended the first Pantheacon conference , a meeting of practicing Pagans and academics held at a hotel in San Jose , California .	5
The forewings are white with blackish markings .	0
He raised his game status for the next several seasons .	1
On the first play following the Houston kickoff quarterback Tannehill again had his pass deflected by a defensive lineman , but instead was intercepted by Kareem Jackson .	5
This Dollar Tree still stands and is still in business .	1
Baby graduated from Cornell University in 2003 , where he was a member of the Quill and Dagger society .	3
Bird was born in 1951 in Eugene , Oregon .	1
Calgary 's picks at the 1999 NHL Entry Draft , held in Boston , Massachusetts .	2
Their unusual appearance makes them good models for a variety of fashion doll clothing , including their own line of MOD fashions .	4
( inspired by the final words of Gertrude Stein ) .	1
Therefore , it unites several key metabolic processes .	1
It was described by Nonfried in 1895 .	0
Without the weight of the torpedo Dacre was able to take off and return to the " Ben-My-Chree " .	3
The Commission sailed to Durban , travelled through the Orange Free State and arrived in Potchefstroom on 7 December 1869 .	4
The town of Gilgit is the capital of Gilgit District .	1
The piece is written for a six-stringed instrument .	1
Adam Szentpétery created his own “ intellectual essence ” of painting , a special position in geometric abstraction and its coding in the image field .	5
Archibald Fraser may refer to :	0
The Nigerian National Assembly delegation from the FCT comprises oneSenator representing Abuja , and two Representatives representing Abuja-South and AMAC / Bwari .	4
However , neither the regular icosahedron nor the regular dodecahedron are amongst them .	2
On July 22 , 1999 , he became Minister of Finance and Development Planning , while remaining Deputy Prime Minister .	4
Aiton was one of the founders and an active fellow of the Royal Horticultural Society .	2
He was able to become Galicia 's representative at the Federal Court in Vienna , and the first Jew in the region to represent clients in court .	5
Acuña Velázquez was murdered in 2007 when he tried to stop two hijackers of an airplane at José Martí International Airport .	4
Dive was a Swedish band which consisted of Chris Lancelot ( a.k.a .	2
Francis Agu ( 18 February 1965 – 20 March 2007 ) was a Nigerian TV and cinema ( " Nollywood " ) actor .	4
The egg hatches in 3 to 4 days .	1
The fiercest rivalry of the club was with FC Nyva Ternopil .	1
The film is part of a four-part series , also called " A Thief in the Night " .	3
However in 2014 , the plans were revised and reapproved instead for a 201-room hotel , which will in the future include the addition of 50-rooms .	5
He was educated at Hillbrow School in Rugby , Eton College and Trinity College , Cambridge , where he read Natural Sciences .	4
Hernández was the son of Juan Acevedo Astorga ( one of the soldiers of the War of the Pacific ) and Maria Hernández Urbistondo .	5
Since 1986 , his son , Enrique Hernandez , Jr . , has been president and Chief Executive Officer .	3
Starmaster witnesses this slaughter and attempts combat , but is almost destroyed by a massive internal explosion .	3
In 1990 , Connell was chosen by Brisbane Broncos founding chairman , Paul Morgan , to be a recruitment officer for the Broncos .	4
A new fluorescent yellow away kit with black stripes was introduced , replacing the black away kit from the previous season .	4
The final was played at the Rugby Football Union 's Twickenham .	1
Robinson was the Founding Editor of the " Journal of Logic Programming " , and has received numerous honours .	3
Some of the first French authors features were Paul Éluard , Maurice Blanchot , Roger Caillois , René Char , René Daumal and Jean Paulhan .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " Bart Sells His Soul "	1
It is found in New Zealand .	0
In Kosovo , grading is as follows :	0
Although a committed Irish nationalist , she retained a London accent to the end of her life .	3
Cyclotomic polynomials are also helpful in finding factorizations .	1
Sexual cannibalism may have led to selection for larger , stronger , females in invertebrates .	2
Individual protocols within a suite are often designed with a single purpose in mind .	2
As of January 2015 the Gorden Bell building has been demolished .	1
It was consecrated in 1197 .	0
Title pun : " The Tears of a Clown "	1
" 2010 NCAA Division I Field Hockey Championship	0
The term is coming more into use to differentiate light 4x4 wheeled APCs from the traditional 8x8 wheeled APCs .	3
When males feign death , their success in reproduction depends on the level of aggressiveness the female displays .	3
A belt and pulley system is characterised by two or more pulleys in common to a belt .	3
One of the generals stated that he thought that Christian Embassy was a " quasi-federal entity . "	3
Early in life she was connected to the underground culture of Leningrad .	2
Editorial Premiere is a Mexican magazine publishing company .	1
Released in December 2006 , it ranked 6th on the January 2007 list of Polish bestselling books .	3
Agent , which answers the question " by whom ?	1
Record stood until September 16 , 2016	0
Celtic appealed for the match to be replayed and as it was deemed unplayable by the end , the appeal went in Celtic 's favour .	5
Title pun : " A Kiss Before Dying "	1
This is the basic unit of	0
Girls of the " Mantic " barroom	0
The Strathmore Apartments , is an historic 8-unit multi-family complex located at 11005-11013 1 / 2 Strathmore Drive in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles , California .	5
In 1994 , both Egyptian Financial Group and Hermes entered into asset management .	2
EFG Hermes global strategy relies heavily on expanding in the MENA region .	2
The church is of Spanish Medieval design including a bell tower which is patterned after a Spanish watchtower .	3
This time , however , it didn 't last that long .	1
Their reporter noted that while residents of Summer Bay were not happy about them moving to the area – viewers were " aquiver " at the prospect .	5
" 2011 NCAA Division I Field Hockey Championship	0
He has " an infantile and divided personality " and lives in a mansion whose past occupies the present .	3
The focus of research at the Berlin branch of the Institute is the history of the German Democratic Republic ( GDR ) .	4
While Hall noted that he had a great father as a child , he felt the message needed to be conveyed to dads .	4
Their was a several lineup changes with Sumon being the only member who remained throughout the band ’ s career .	4
It is found in New Guinea .	0
As president of the Canadian Curling Association , Thompson took part in relocating its headquarters from Winnipeg to Ottawa and helped to establish scholarships for young curlers .	5
It features regular articles from notable gambling authors , including :	1
in Fiction Writing from Antioch University .	0
These bombers gave SAC offensive capability in the event of a Soviet first strike , and provided a significant Cold War nuclear deterrent .	4
On 31 October , as directed in her will , she was re-interred at Lambeth Church in Surrey .	3
He was elected deputy of Raqqa in 1947 .	1
In 1983 Acuña Velázquez enrolled in the General Carlos Rolof Military Academy , from which he graduated as a communications engineer .	4
Title pun : " The Sound of Silence "	1
The Flames were involved in the following transactions during the 1999 – 2000 season .	2
It was described by Pascoe in 1888 .	0
At the western end is " Hackpen Down " , the largest part of the site , which has a wide variety of aspects and gradients .	5
This hypothesis suggests that a cannibalistic female attacks and consumes the male without the knowledge of mate quality .	3
The 1979 season also saw the retirement from the League of future Australian Rugby League Hall of Fame inductee , Bob Fulton .	4
After his father 's death , Hayden 's mother made this her final goal in life .	3
During this process , a pair of lovers , serving for two warring investment banks and having broken up half a year ago , get back together .	5
All Thessaly towns not held by Metellus Scipio 's troops submitted to Caesar .	2
A recent Integrated development environment that supports SSP is CoCoViLa — a model-based software development platform for implementing domain specific languages and developing large Java programs .	5
Pathé was already in substantial financial trouble when Natan took control .	1
He was part of their side that came runners-up at the 2018 FIFA World Cup but was sent home after one game .	4
It was described by Bates in 1880 .	0
Edmund Tilney 's mother , Malyn , was implicated in the scandal surrounding Queen Catherine 's downfall .	3
It ranked at number 21 on the 2000s decade-end Hot Christian Songs chart and number 27 on the decade-end Hot Christian AC chart .	4
Attacking Itchy , Scratchy cuts himself to pieces .	1
The book and author 's thesis were criticized by some authors , especially those associated with Gazeta Wyborcza .	3
The song was nominated for two awards at the 37th GMA Dove Awards and has been performed by Casting Crowns in concert .	4
In September 2005 , Kevin Burke assumed the roles of President and Chief Executive Officer , while McGrath remained as Chairman of the Board .	5
A baby Itchy screams in his ears , making them bleed .	1
Crassus does not feature much in the writings of the ancient sources .	2
The O 'Neill Sea Odyssey has conducted a number of additional programs outside the " core program " including :	3
He plays domestic cricket for the ZTBL .	0
The program organizers anticipate having 250 pending software patent applications reviewed by members of the interested public .	3
The male exhibits a " programmed death " to function as a full-body genital plug .	2
O 'Dell is credited as " Kenny Gist , Jr " on the record label .	2
Sandy kept working happily in his chosen field until a week before he died — at the age of 88 — on his last book .	5
Throughout the Post-Communist period , evidence has often surfaced to show the close ties between the criminal networks and politicians and officials .	4
Liberals also argue that international diplomacy can be a very effective way to get states to interact with each other honestly and support nonviolent solutions to problems .	5
She begins to tell her story , and the film enters a flashback .	2
Quezon and Osmeña had accompanied the troops to Corregidor and later left for the United States , where they set up a government-in-exile .	4
This live version was released as a single .	1
In late 1940 , medical units in the Middle East were experienced " precarious and at times acute " shortages of medicals stores .	4
Ortega was married to Honduran Ligia Hernández de Ortega and the couple had four children : Claudia , Flavio , and twins Liliane and Lilian .	5
This year would not go at all well for Marius .	1
And an increase in volatility does not always presage a further increase — the volatility may simply go back down again .	4
During this time he was made a director of the Hudson 's Bay Company , as well as the Rhodes Trust .	4
Itchy sheds a genuine tear , which he wipes away .	1
It opened in 1997 under the name White Water Canyon .	1
He was forced to retire due to that injury in January 1959 .	2
EFG Hermes owns a 63.7 % majority stake in the Lebanese commercial bank , Credit Libanais .	3
After Davis ' successful run for mayor he was appointed by President William McKinley as Assistant Secretary of the Interior .	4
PatentFizz provides a forum for commenting on issued patents and provides a simplified view of patents .	3
Windows DreamScene is a utility that enables MPEG and WMV videos to be displayed as desktop backgrounds .	3
He played college football at Purdue .	0
The college is affiliated to the Kannur University .	1
On the GreenLeft list : ( Greens-EFA )	0
Title pun : " Planet of the Apes "	1
" 2008 NCAA Division I Field Hockey Championship	0
St. Mary 's Hospital employed a botanist to assist with collecting this information , and to complement the work on pollen counts already being measured in Cardiff .	5
These are grey , green , or pale yellow ( occasionally flushed pink ) with contrasting black to blackish maroon styles .	4
The group released their second studio album , " " , on August 28 , 2012 .	3
His programming makes him take Milos with him , because he cannot really be trusted on his own .	3
When the two first met , Dong asked Cheng to use his " shuai chiao " against him .	3
" St. Mark 's Episcopal Church ( San Antonio , Texas )	1
The patrons of a bar on a mining space station are struck by an unusual scene .	3
This played on his reader 's expectations of traditional plots , leaving them uncertain and anxious .	3
However , due to his health , he was sent to the Mayo Clinic and forced to permanently retire from Naval Service .	4
When later he does mention the paper types revealed by Thompson he again resorts to scribal issues .	3
He secured the obedience of his troops , but not their true loyalty .	2
A further 11 submarines of an improved class , Project 949A ( Antey ) ( called Oscar II by NATO ) , were subsequently constructed .	5
In the Department de Isère , it passes Monestier-de-Clermont , Vif and Varces-Allières-et-Risset .	2
This process is carried out in a gas phase at 400 – 450 ° C .	2
The EF 500mm 4L IS II USM is the replacement to the EF 500mm 4L IS USM .	3
No further goalscoring opportunities occurred , and City hung on for the victory .	2
The 1979 NSWRFL season was the 72nd season of Sydney 's professional rugby league football competition , Australia 's first .	4
Hartley calls Dr. Bierd ( George Zucco ) , who says Carol is emotional and should marry soon or not see Hartley .	4
Bevan was born on 13 July 1959 .	0
The initial set of CKD CCWs introduced in 1964 was substantially enhanced and improved into the 1990s .	3
Joseph Russell McGrae ( 24 October 1903 , Liverpool - 19 November 1975 , Liverpool ) was a professional footballer .	4
It was then that Kowalski 's world was turned upside down .	1
The we have “ Silk Stop ” , the original theme upon which Martinho da Vila would write “ Gaiolas Abertas ” .	4
The top 10 list is dominated by players who have appeared in five World Cup tournaments .	3
She studied at Lawrence College .	0
This convenience comes with a small loss of flexibility and some loss of performance .	2
Browne was educated at Appin , Corowa and in England .	1
The students stage a musical and a spring play each year .	1
Free radicals are very reactive atoms or molecules that have unpaired electrons .	2
However , he played the majority of his Warriors career in the reserve grade team and was released in June 1996 .	4
In October 1830 , the national council deposed Greenwood LeFlore as chief after he signed the treaty for removal .	3
In his poetic works , Mirande covered topics never before dealt with by Basque poetry : prostitution , alcohol , pedophilic sex and so on .	5
In 1981 , she developed the TV series adaptation and served as show-runner of " Flamingo Road " .	3
It is also much harder to edit " by hand " in text editors such as Notepad .	3
There is no such thing as " natural law " " .	1
I 'm supporting Kerala , Kochi team .	0
Yet , his skills were occasionally criticized by some of his contemporaries .	2
Fabling was dismissed for a single run in Warwickshire 's first-innings of 243 by William Wells , with Northamptonshire replying by making just 77 in their first-innings .	5
There is also a function SAS .	0
She served two years in a prison in Ghent , and was released in 1918 when the Armistice with Germany was declared , ending the war .	5
He was a parliamentary candidate for the Labour Party , standing for Lincoln in the 1992 and 1987 general elections .	4
A number of Protestant , Catholic , and Orthodox Christians have argued against the series , as have some Shia and Sunni Muslims .	4
After the war , he established an indent agents ' firm .	1
Locally , the datasets can be stored either by using the SQL Server Compact database or any other database server supporting ADO.NET .	4
Colorectal cancer 5-year survival rate	0
Pilsner ( also pilsener or simply pils ) is a type of pale lager .	2
In 2008 the lineup shifted away from black metal back to a more pagan metal oriented lineup .	3
The brigade took part in the Battle of Messines in June .	1
Synopsis : Scratchy is an ear trauma patient .	1
Both were granted lands and annuities , and the Howard arms were augmented in honour of Flodden .	3
He dated cantopop singer and actress Mimi Lo for 7 years before marrying her on December 2 , 2009 .	3
When she married and wanted to have a child , Mrs. Smith had difficulty reconciling her desire for a child with her mother 's rejection of her .	5
The building is Early English / Decorated Gothic Revival in style , of red brick and stone with an unaisled nave and a crypt .	5
OSO looks to be a leader in sustainable building while impacting youth awareness in future green technologies .	3
However , the ship had already been crippled by a torpedo fired by the British submarine E14 .	3
Similar tests are used in dairy cows to test for ketosis .	1
Towards the end of April 1871 the Portuguese reported that the surveys had been completed and that construction of the road had begun .	4
Synopsis : Scratchy is practicing rowing in a rowing tank .	1
Inkscape and XnView can export to WMF or EMF .	1
The eclectic album featured twelve original songs with influences from old time , country , pop , and musical theater influences .	4
The volleyball team also maintains a strong history .	1
" S. fallax " is sometimes used as a groundcover in tropical areas .	2
For each solid Euclid finds the ratio of the diameter of the circumscribed sphere to the edge length .	3
He enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1907 and , after basic training , was assigned to a submarine in the Philippine Islands .	4
Alkanes can also be polymerized , but only with the help of strong acids .	2
Uniform colours are white shirts and blue shorts .	1
Based her observations on the principle that similarly ruled paper would have been created at the same time .	3
The Lucca Madonna is an oil painting by the Early Netherlandish master Jan van Eyck , painted in approximately 1437 .	4
Grainger played at the Ronnie Lane 2004 Tribute at the Royal Albert Hall onstage with Kenney Jones , Sam Brown , Ronnie Wood and Pete Townshend .	5
Service is both steam and diesel locos .	0
The " Bibliography " is alphabetical by author , with a topical index , and includes evaluative comments on the works , drawing on numerous sources .	5
It was the second so-named Commonwealth department .	0
The proposal was defeated after strong opposition .	0
" Psycho " has been called " the first psychoanalytical thriller . "	2
" Silver Condor Award for Best Supporting Actress	0
It is not difficult to imagine that Gao had learned some of them from Cheng or Zhou .	3
Born in London on 16 May 1796 , he was second son of Ambrose Lyon Poynter by Thomasine Anne Peck ; the family was of Huguenot origin .	5
In 1936 , the Hailey National Park came into being as India 's first National Park .	3
Also changed is the novel 's budding romance between Sam and Lila .	2
The works were called " Another Year Of Discontent " .	1
Both malls have ice rinks and a glass vaulted ceiling that is modeled after the historic Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II in Milan , Italy .	5
Students are offered a variety of sporting , drama and musical opportunities , as well as an extensive trips and visits programme .	4
The choice of host nation is a highly anticipated event .	1
Vera Miles also reprised her role of Lila Crane in " Psycho II " .	2
It is found in Peru .	0
Hye-sung competes endlessly with Dong-tak over Eom-ji .	0
He also appeared on Canadian television with Charlie Parker in the 1950s and later with Hal Singer in the 1960s .	4
Quite simply , he made golf cool . "	1
Brown died at age 59 or 60 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery , Arlington County , Virginia .	3
Christianity in Ethiopia dates to the ancient Kingdom of Aksum , when the King Ezana first adopted the faith .	3
Fresh pasta is traditionally produced by hand , sometimes with the aid of simple machines .	2
Franco was succeeded by Oded Kattash .	0
He married Minnie Elizabeth Gibbons on 7 March 1894 .	1
With full fuel of the payload is .	0
The population in 2005 was 3,404 with ( 3,724 in 2000 ) with 1,974 residing in the municipal seat ( 2000 INEGI ) .	4
Besides the emotional impact , the shower scene cue ties the soundtrack to birds .	2
Although that occurred , people who believed oy to be a tragedy were in the minority .	3
There is little mention of cities .	0
The motorway provides access to the south-western Alps for the residents of the south of France .	3
Notable people with Rovčanin surname include :	0
Banámichi ( Opata : Banamitzi ) is a small town in Banámichi Municipality in the north of the Mexican state of Sonora .	4
He is Foreign Member of Russian Academy of Natural Sciences ( RAEN ) .	2
At the end of G1 yeast cells contain two duplicated side-by-side SPBs connected by a complete bridge .	3
From 1928 to 1933 he was Quartermaster General .	1
The opening gesture is immediately followed by a paraphrase of the first two bars of Bach 's " St. Matthew Passion " .	4
Any law contrary to the Constitution is void .	1
Quakers ) was organized in 1783 .	0
He was one of the few third generation Bagua practitioners to live beyond the 1940s .	2
Throughout World War II , the Indianapolis Naval Reserve Armory remained a vital facility where radioman and yeoman recruits trained for sea duty .	4
The rural district has 5 villages .	0
The theory attempted to explain processes such as combustion and rusting , which are now collectively known as oxidation .	3
Recently , the village has come to be known as the first so-called " bio energy village " in Germany .	4
He was a private teacher by profession .	0
This phenomenon is known as hazardous polymerization and can cause fires and explosions .	2
The founding members were Rev .	0
Radical Pietism is Pietism interpreted to the effect that its followers decided to break with denominational Lutheranism , forming separate churches .	4
He was chairman of the Adur Festival for many years until his resignation in 2005 .	2
Among them was the prohibition to leave Italy .	1
Reactions in MetaCyc are presented in a visual display that includes the structures of all components .	3
The river is the fifth longest in Norway .	1
In the 19th century these were replaced with a cast-iron plate with a hooped handle , yet the name remained unchanged .	4
The wingspan is about 12 mm .	0
Eph receptors in turn are classified as either EphAs or EphBs based on their binding affinity for either the ephrin-A or ephrin-B ligands .	4
On the other hand , according to the health authorities of Vienna , registered prostitutes are the most healthy group of persons .	4
Another stir was created at the start of the season by Newtown 's recruitment of professional American football player , Manfred Moore .	4
The album was released to mostly generally favorable reviews although some reviewers found the new highly produced full-band sound to be disappointing .	4
The Spitfire Collection is a compilation album released in 2007 by Spitfire Records .	2
The confirmation of the panels ' results , by then Secretary of the Navy Gordon R. England , was finished in March 2005 .	4
The range is 18 mi long and only about 8 mi wide .	2
Dark Mind , Dark Heart is an anthology of horror stories edited by American writer August Derleth .	3
While the football team Stabæk Fotball is the most prominent , the men 's bandy team has taken multiple national championships .	4
He was a North Carolina state senator and a media magnate .	1
In esterifications and acylations , pyridine activates the carboxylic acid halides or anhydrides .	2
" O Circo das Qualidades Humanas	0
Fraser played junior hockey with the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League from 2004 – 06 .	3
During the investigation , the victim was found to be a racist with a criminal record .	3
One letter was so " grotesque " that she passed it to the FBI .	2
In Nepal , macaroni has been adopted and cooked in a Nepalese way .	2
This makes Saint Elizabeth Parish a rare collection of Wallace Neff works .	2
" 2014 Roscommon County Council election	0
It is also found growing on rocks , jetties , the black coral ( " Antipathes caribbeana " ) , floating debris and among seagrasses .	5
He reigned alone after 1381 , until 1387 , when he was deposed by Gian Galeazzo Visconti , Duke of Milan .	4
" Silver Condor Award for Best Actor	0
Hispar Pass and Gondoghoro Pass are also in the Skardu District .	1
Before his death , Dr. E.C .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " Krusty the Clown "	1
Lowland ilima has silver-green foliage , mountain varieties have smooth , green foliage .	2
He studied at the École Polytechnique ( graduating in 1938 ) and at the École nationale supérieure de l 'aéronautique et de l 'espace .	5
In 1981 , Feodorova was given the honour of being named N. N. Miklouho-Maclay Laureate of the Presidium of the Russian Academy of Science .	5
Pyruvate is an important chemical compound in biochemistry .	1
Ota left the LDP in 1994 to form a small party , but returned to the LDP the following year .	4
The club made a further cameo appearance in the 2000 – 01 NOFV-Oberliga , but were relegated back to the Verbandsliga Brandenburg after finishing second from bottom .	5
of strokes in three basic directions is rhythmically repeated ( Štruktúry / Structures , since 1988 ; Štrukturálna deformácia / Structural Deformation , 2013 ) .	5
Greece ) , whether Greeks or Romans were to take an oath .	2
As part of the W.P.A .	0
Fresh pastas available in grocery stores are produced commercially by large-scale machines .	2
The Federal Building and U.S .	0
For co-producing the television film " The Time Crystal " ( 1981 ) , he received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Children 's Program .	5
It was then slid onto a piece of linen covering the " spittle " board , a board with a handle .	4
The party finished third in the election .	0
It is a part of Cedar Falls Community Schools .	1
The image of Mithridates was made of gold and was four metre high .	2
It is family-operated , and celebrated its Centennial in 2007 .	1
As such , it won all 153 seats in the enlarged People 's National Assembly , with a voter turnout of 90.3 % .	4
Felix provided his own palace for the murder spot and also shot Rasputin once before murdering him with the help of his accomplices .	4
Donald G. Scott opened his first store in 1954 .	1
" Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council	0
It is also very popular in Australia .	0
It is a story of father-son relationship in post-unification Berlin .	1
One says the action of the symmetry group is transitive on the vertices , edges , and faces .	3
His 17 league goals in his first season with Hajduk was only beaten by league topscorer Zelimir Terkes , who scored 21 goals .	4
In August 2003 , Warsi accepted a position with University of California , Berkeley , teaching Urdu classes through the South and Southeast Asian Studies Department .	5
He seized 120 towns and fortresses and killed about 10,000 pirates in battles .	2
He was released on September 2 , 2006 .	1
The first British vehicle to receive this designation was the Daimler Dingo .	2
During shooting , Hitchcock was forced to uncharacteristically do retakes for some scenes .	2
• school and test marks have the same value ;	1
Marlon Antonio Fernández Jiménez ( born 16 January 1986 in San Cristóbal ) is a Venezuelan footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Carabobo .	5
According to Appian , the war against the pirates lasted only a few days .	2
He made his Bundesliga debut on 2 February 2008 as a late substitute in their 3 – 3 draw against Borussia Dortmund .	4
This time , the cable protocol is used to send the data to " C " .	3
Eadie ( Jean Harlow ) runs away from her home in Missouri , where her stepfather had her working as a dance partner .	4
The sequel to the book , Queen of Candesce , was released in August 2007 .	2
He has also performed a large number of concerts over many years for the UK Rural Touring Network .	3
The voting procedure was managed by a team of independent auditors .	1
Aya 's conversations with each celebrity are the topic of these commercials .	2
The last Bedesman died in 1988 .	0
The portraits on the face are more centred on the note .	1
Blank reportedly sent the violin to his wife in Germany , where it was possibly recovered in 1948 by U.S. military police .	4
Itchy accepts the offer , and tosses him into a kiln .	1
Blitz is the surname of :	0
Michael B. Jordan – " Fruitvale Station "	0
Early on Susana Soca mastered various languages : Spanish , French , English , German , Latin , Italian , Greek and subsequently Russian .	5
The findings triggered research by scientists in the United States into safer conventional explosives and fireproof casings for nuclear weapons .	4
She died on 7 November 1870 .	0
Being the first to breach the defenses , the three soldiers engaged the Confederates in hand-to-hand combat .	3
Nick misinterpreted Morn 's intentions and expects her to ' repay ' him by being his new lover .	3
The beginnings of club hockey in New South Wales occurred at the Sydney Glaciarium in 1911 and consisted of 3 original ice hockey clubs .	5
Between 2011 and 2012 Vélez worked under the ring name Sofia Cortez in WWE 's developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling as well as NXT .	5
Mutations in this gene have been associated with leukodystrophy dysmyelinating with spastic paraparesis with or without dystonia as well as fatty acid hydroxylase-associated neurodegeneration .	5
Dormitories are either new or fully renovated .	0
" Says mouse friend mistreats him " reads the caption .	1
It was produced by Anilkumar Ambalakkara under the banner of Ambalakkara Global Films .	2
It is the first " Die Hard " film to use Dolby Atmos Surround Mixing and the first to also be released in IMAX theaters .	5
This was to become the most important thoroughfare in Pest .	1
Lorde has won one award .	0
He is known for his jumping ability and great temperament .	1
Hablitzia tamnoides , the sole species in the genus Hablitzia , is a herbaceous perennial plant , native to the Caucasus region .	4
in Economics from Brooklyn College .	0
Maddy 's foster mother Roo Stewart ( Georgie Parker ) attempts to convince a reluctant Maddy to leave the party so Casey agrees to look after her .	5
Grevillea whiteana , also known as Mundubbera grevillea , is an erect shrub or tree which is endemic to Queensland .	4
They are often capable of road speeds approaching or exceeding 100km / h , high for an armoured vehicle .	3
While still in his teens Tedjono won the Indonesian ( closed ) national men 's singles title in 2003 and 2005 .	4
At the time , there was a small population of Christians living there who sought refuge from Roman persecution .	3
All this is seen as culminating in the especially radical pietism in Kierkegaard , especially in his critique of Hegel .	4
The Vance Viking , also called the Vance Flying Wing Express , and the Texas Sky Ranger , was a single seat cargo and racing aircraft .	5
Being able to attend his uncle 's rehearsals and performances in Chicago furthered the younger musician 's education .	3
The upperside of its wings are a bright reddish brown .	1
In this capacity he helped guide ground-breaking negotiations with major environmental groups to write and propose to Congress legislation establishing national mandatory efficiency standards for energy-consuming appliances .	5
It was made at Cinecittà in Rome .	0
Younes observed Casey to be the most " emotional and volatile " of the Braxton brothers , adding that Casey " breaking down " is a rarity .	5
Most oxidoreductase enzymes are dehydrogenases , although reductases are also common .	1
State Route 231 ( SR 231 ) is a north-south state highway in the central part of the U.S. state of Georgia .	4
He gallantly gave his life for his country . "	1
Jette then FC Brussels and Standard Liége .	0
This has greatly reduced the summer congestion through the commune of Monestier .	2
Students learn how to read and decipher the signs , symbols and measurements on navigational charts .	3
They attacked from the kick-off and nullified Sunderland 's pressure and the threat of Len Shackleton .	3
The Kaze causes the GCES to announce a state of emergency , suspending GCES meetings until further notice .	3
The three regular tessellations of the plane are closely related to the Platonic solids .	2
The Sami Bridge at Utsjoki was constructed in 1993 .	1
His brother , Cash , reads of their father 's death in a Kansas City newspaper and also heads toward Furnace Creek in search of answers .	5
In 1943 he joined the National Liberation Movement and was elected a delegate of the First Council of the Anti-fascist Youth in August 1944 .	5
He was formerly signed to Dr. Dre 's Aftermath Entertainment record label .	2
After the 1990s , Project Angonoka started ecological research on the tortoise and the development of conservation plans that involved the communities surrounding the habitat .	5
These individuals usually have neurological problems , such as seizures , loss of memory , a decline in thinking ability , or psychiatric diseases .	5
It depends on the difficulty of each .	0
In 2013 , Roger Gelwicks described it as an " AC radio favorite " but felt it was " dated " .	4
In the spring of Taiwan , amidst blossoming natural flowers , every locality is stirred for the event of welcoming and receiving Mazu .	4
She resigned in September 2016 .	0
As an example , consider an operator with a spectrum	1
It was described by Chemsak in 1967 .	0
Nirpal Singh Dhaliwal ( born 1974 ) is a British journalist and writer .	2
In 1963 , Ritz acquired 80 % of the house of Yves Saint Laurent .	2
In 1927 the former estate of Russian landowner Kachanov was transformed into an affiliate of the Kharkiv " house of forced labor " ( BUPR ) .	5
" So You Wanna Be A Rock ’ n ’ Roll Star " ( The Kursaal Flyers ) , 1975 , 90 min < br >	5
" Simpsons " episode : " Brother from the Same Planet "	1
Very large events may feature a few thousand poster presentations over a matter of a few days .	3
This action crippled the Ethiopian Church as well as the power of the emperor .	2
Despite his immense responsibility and achievements , he received little recognition .	1
In a system without resolvconf , the file is normally maintained manually or by a collection of scripts .	3
Design proposals were invited from Sopwith , J. Samuel White and Short Brothers .	2
Los Angeles , California during the early 1910s was an advantageous location for filmmakers .	2
In addition to being mutated in diffuse gliomas , " IDH1 " has also been shown to harbor mutations in human acute myeloid leukemia .	5
Soleyman Kandi ( ) may refer to :	0
She left her full-time position in the company in 2003 , though she continued to collaborate with the troupe from time to time .	4
The Vayu Purana mentions a janapada ( realm ) of Anupa , located on the " Vindhyaprishtha " ( Vindhya plateau ) .	4
Although the immediate diagnosis was heat exhaustion , the medical examination revealed that he was suffering from cancer of the larynx .	4
He has made significant use of gold-leaf in his drawings .	1
" L52 " and its successors were modified to maximise the number of 21-inch ( 53.3 cm ) torpedoes carried in the bow .	4
Milecastle 59 was excavated in 1894 .	0
Never based on very solid biographical evidence , it is contradicted by the physical characteristics of the manuscripts themselves .	3
He forges friendships with Ruby Buckton ( Rebecca Breeds ) , Xavier Austin ( David Jones-Roberts ) and Dexter Walker ( Charles Cottier ) .	5
The documents appeared to confirm that within weeks of the accident , investigators realized only three of the weapons could be accounted for .	4
Dephlogisticating is the process of releasing stored phlogiston , which is absorbed by the air .	2
Harkins married Salina Gardner and Lily Folsom , Daughter of Chief David Folsom and Rhoda Nail .	3
Each regular member is given one vote .	0
Fires made to clear land can get out of control , turning into wildfires , which cut back more of the angonoka tortoise 's habitat .	5
Though Isherwood broke onto the literary scene as a novelist , he eventually worked in Hollywood as a screenwriter .	3
The female moves on and the male tends the nest .	1
Night After Night is a live double album by Nils Lofgren , released in 1977 .	2
Even if the sources for the pieces in the manuscript labelled " F. " and " F.T. "	3
The exhaust is a fully custom , stainless steel unit and features billet aluminum exhaust tips .	3
" Look on the Blight Side	0
The railway station was simple with a platform constructed of sleepers and a small waiting room , and was frequently used by visitors to the hospital .	5
The development of a collection of over 1,000 artworks is a principle ' driver ' for curatorial work .	3
Cavallari 's friends Alex Hooser and Jessica Smith developed major positions as part of the supporting cast in the first season .	4
Bungowannah is a locality in the Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia .	2
Birmingham City entered the match as favourites , in a contest billed as a contrast of styles .	3
The following Wednesday , a dinner was held to honour the club 's achievements .	2
In 1918 , Antill became Assistant Adjutant General .	1
Title pun : " Leader of the Pack "	1
In 1993 , The Egyptian Financial Group and Hermes independently made a move into securities brokerage .	3
They seem to take possession of as much road as possible , and are not adverse to depositing their plant on a slice of the pavement .	5
Parliamentary elections were held in the People 's Republic of the Congo on 24 June 1973 , concurrent with a constitutional referendum .	4
On the committee were chairman Dr. Sri-Edi Swasono assisted by H. Abdul Madjid , Dr. Iman Santosa Sukardi , Dr. M. Enoch Markum , Ir .	5
Astrid Helfant Composition of the spindle pole body of Saccharomyces cerevisiae and the proteins involved in its duplication	3
How do you do THAT ? '	0
The treaty said that the Choctaws would leave in three separate groups over the course of three years .	3
She contributed regularly to the Center 's Prepared Patient Blog and frequently commented on current health news via Twitter .	3
Witty was the son of Frederick Witty , a British entrepreneur , who settled in Barcelona .	3
The building was modernised in the late 1950s when electrically driven ring frames were installed and in 1965 it was taken over by Carrington Viyella .	5
The Little Menominee rises in Grant County , Wisconsin .	1
Ex Stasis is a public art work created by American artist Richard Lippold and located on the campus of Marquette University in downtown Milwaukee , Wisconsin .	5
Any symmetry of the original must be a symmetry of the dual and vice versa .	2
Sonny joins the others in church , where he begs them to defend their town .	2
At the time of his death , his hobbies included skateboarding , reading , as well as writing poetry , prose , and sketching .	5
Law is a technique used for the purposes of social control .	1
In 1740 , a license for the first pasta factory was issued in Venice .	2
Intransigent , Ary emphatically refused to hear him , with the allegation that he “ did not like child prodigies ” .	4
Argentina led 36-35 before Hall 's try .	0
Sellin has been a contributing author to other publications since then .	1
The same year , the band brought their typically confrontational and wild show to China for a tour with local promoters Split Works .	4
Rather than risking their income , these people will give up their chance to vote .	2
Maintenance services are typically contracted to Swindon Commercial Services ( SCS ) , who work in partnership with the council .	4
He began his career in television in 1970 , as technical advisor to the Director General of the Office de Radiodiffusion-Télévision Française ( ORTF ) .	5
The Philippine Air Force won the championship .	0
The pueblo designation was never made official , however .	1
In recent years , Creative Time has taken charge of many noted initiatives in the art world .	3
Three works have survived under the name " Melampus . "	1
With 2800 visitors from all over Europe and even the US and Brazil it was quite a success .	3
B104.7 is also the hometown station for the annual Country Stampede Music festival , held every June at nearby Tuttle Creek State Park .	4
Carlos Ameghino was educated as a naturalist with his brother Florentino Ameghino on his journeys to Buenos Aires and the Chaco Province in Argentina .	5
Mark Alexander Fraser ( born September 29 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman .	3
In 1958 , she started another series , " Ornamentti " ( Ornament ) , based on Slavic folk art .	4
Sounds are made with quick , forceful sucking motions , much like kissing the end of the call .	3
Iasion founded the mystic rites on the island of Samothrace .	1
It is generally an ochreous-white moth .	0
Sunderland would have needed to call in a firm of demolition contractors to destroy it .	2
The Protestant Methodists were a small Methodist church based in Leeds .	1
Thus , it appears that they flew along the surface of the water , using their beak to search for fish .	4
Lorde has received one nomination .	0
Along the way , they rescue Linda and her daughter , Jody .	2
Though Birmingham had less pedigree in the competition , the press viewed them as favourites .	2
However , ephrin proteins A4 , A8 , B2 , and B4 have highest levels in fetal stage , and decline with age .	4
The son of British Army officer Major Francis Downes , Downes joined the Army as a trumpeter while he was still at school .	4
Steve is a music educator with over 30 years of experience teaching intermediate to advanced students , educators and professional musicians .	4
It partnered with Cinedigm in September 2013 , and they released the film on 6 February 2014 on various platforms and formats .	4
He transferred to the 9th Infantry Regiment on 1 July 1903 .	1
Several types of Ephrins and Eph receptors have been found to be upregulated in human cancers including breast , colon and liver cancers .	4
Some of the construction materials were donated by private firms and wealthy individuals from the farming elites at that time .	4
The Centre also houses the Winchester County Court and the Winchester District Registry of the High Court .	3
The unrestored forward section of the fuselage is now an exhibit in the Fleet Air Arm Museum .	3
A scout car is a purpose-built wheeled light armored vehicle utilized for passive reconnaissance .	2
The negatively charged electrons and positively charged ions created by ionizing radiation may cause damage in living tissue .	3
This version was released in Japan on November 27 , 2014 .	1
Similarly , they or their behavior may be seen as the roots of the next moral panic .	3
He was born as Ward Austin Gargan on 2 January 1935 in the Sydney suburb of Darlinghurst , New South Wales .	4
In the fourth round Manchester City faced Southend United at Roots Hall .	2
On The PARTY list : ( Non-inscrits )	0
Knockout ties were decided based on home and away matches .	1
Brought up in Jammu and Delhi respectively .	0
Gao learned the eight xian tian palms , weapons forms and applications .	2
Support for installing additional languages is included in the Enterprise and Ultimate editions of Windows Vista .	3
The mecha pilots wear their classic outfits plus the Mazinger Angels symbol .	2
A twelve-hour history of data is available through NOAA websites .	1
Another peak anchors the southeast terminus of the range , New Well Peak , at .	2
Events in the year 1880 in Argentina .	0
In 2016 , Exotic Fever Records released a double LP from Ghastly City Sleep , featuring ex-members of City of Caterpillar , entitled Lulling Skulls .	5
" Mirror Ball " and " Merkin Ball " complement each other in the layout and content of the packaging .	4
In 1956 , he was represented by Günter Eich , who read from Ledig 's second novel , " Vergeltung " ( " Payback " ) .	5
Brazil used to be an important world coffee supplier in the international commodities markets in the beginning of the 20th century .	4
During these studies , Siemon-Netto freelanced as a magazine correspondent .	1
" Corki " Ray ( née Casey ) Gist died at the age of 80 in 2017 .	3
It is found in Panama .	0
He retired as a brigadier general in 1942 .	1
The program incorporates the same presenting team as the Sunday edition , being the first Australian breakfast news program to broadcast seven days a week .	5
800 pirate ships and 1,000 pirates were captured and that 39 cities were founded .	2
Eight of the vertices of the dodecahedron are shared with the cube .	2
As soon as the opponent came in contact with the wrestler , he would be thrown .	3
Plutarch wrote that Tigranes forbade him from coming and put a reward on him .	2
The municipality or parish of Undeloh consists of 6 villages : Undeloh , Wehlen , Wesel , Meningen , Thonhof and Heimbuch .	4
Since they did not show up for the re-shoot , the opening stayed .	2
Every polyhedron has a dual ( or " polar " ) polyhedron with faces and vertices interchanged .	3
Lorde has been nominated for one award .	0
In 1992 , Kovin became part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , which was in 2003 transformed into the state union of Serbia and Montenegro .	5
Alexander was appointed Colonel , and supervised several days of drill in late May before the regiment was put on guard , picket , and fatigue duty .	5
This series represented another complete departure in design from earlier issues :	1
He played the remaining holes but did not keep score .	1
It has 866 unique ORFs , 1862 metabolites , 2499 gene-enzyme-reaction-association entries , and 1725 unique reactions .	3
Shane Drake directed the music video .	0
Its leaves are sessile and coriaceous ( leathery ) in texture .	1
Ann Winfield and Rif Winfield .	0
In 1834 , he was elected judge of the Red River District in Indian Territory .	2
It consists of the following 19 municipalities :	0
He was later promoted to lieutenant in 1891 .	1
The lyrics can be very explicit .	0
He has signed about 50 runestones , and an additional 50 runestones were probably made by him .	3
The best studied species is " Phycomyces blakesleeanus " .	1
" Basilica of San Savino , Piacenza	0
On his way to Italy he went to Mytilene on the island of Lesbos .	2
Since the end of the 2007 – 08 season Zothwane had been liked with big money moves to Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates .	4
He decided to build a theatre in Rome modelled on that of this city .	2
Montenegrin Water Polo Cup ( Montenegrin : Crnogorski vaterpolski kup ) is a national water polo cup played in Montenegro .	4
They are a more protected alternative to jeeps and medium trucks in patrol and transportation roles .	3
" Lifesong " was included on the compilation albums " WOW Hits 2007 " and " Wow : Best of 2007 " .	4
While mostly a marine species occurring on the continental shelf , it has also been reported from the Niger basin and the Benoué and Gambia Rivers .	5
In comparison to the Government of President Bagapsh , the number of Vice-Premiers was reduced by one , but otherwise Government structure remained unchanged .	5
" The PayPal Wars " is an insider 's perspective on the people and events that helped create the company and its acquisition by eBay in 2002 .	5
The source texts which Bartók used to create the libretto were two Romanian colinde that he collected from Transylvania in April 1914 .	4
Property damages are estimated to top roughly $ 100,000 .	1
However , the author has stated that it may become open-source in the future should an acceptable solution to these problems be found .	4
Jorge Octavio Teillier Sandoval ( 24 June 1935 , Lautaro , Chile – 22 April 1996 , Viña del Mar ) was a Chilean poet .	5
A little later , ambassadors from Hyrcanus and Aristobulus went to see him .	2
His father was Francesco dai Libri , and was so named because he was an illuminator of books .	3
British fans were excited about Palmer 's playing in the Open .	1
It acts in a similar manner to SVG files .	1
The Chichibabin pyridine synthesis was reported in 1924 and is still in use in industry .	2
As Janet Leigh put it , this gave Hitchcock more options for his camera .	2
He and his second wife were the parents of two daughters and a son .	2
Laurent Bouzereau produced a documentary looking at the film 's production and reception for the initial DVD release .	3
Ruby does not understand Casey 's actions , but he realises it will add to the " strain " on her when he is sent to jail .	5
In 1577 his father was arrested for being a Roman Catholic and sheltering priests .	2
Major activities in the shire include beef and timber .	1
It was transferred to Fort Pickering in the Post and Defenses of Memphis , part of the District of West Tennessee , in April .	5
Mistakenly , some artists and writers have penguins based at the North Pole .	2
The Platonic solids are prominent in the philosophy of Plato , their namesake .	2
He is best remembered for the extant Tretyakovsky Proyezd shopping arcade and the cathedral of Nikolo-Ugresh monastery in present-day town of Dzerzhinsky .	4
Among books he is one of co-authors , more important than others are :	2
Already by 1912 , November had a reputation for especially violent storms on the Great Lakes .	3
Longwing Derby brogues were most popular in the US during the 1970s , and although the popularity of this style has decreased , it remains available .	5
But this same source provides no mention of Grobart 's actions for or against this very significant plot .	3
When Caesar arrived in Egypt a few days later he was appalled .	2
When the governor of Gallia Transalpina died , Caesar was given that province as well .	2
Following a warm critical and popular reception of her memoirs and other espionage anecdotes , the McKennas published a string of over a dozen spy novels .	5
1973 — ACM \ \ Single of the Year \ " Behind Closed Doors "	2
Moreover , the style is characterized by elegance and control in the complex intervolutions of the rune serpents .	3
His next publishing venture was a series of books about Dagon , a boy from space .	3
He was the father of Francis Tregian the Younger , notable for his musical interests .	2
Giovanni Benedetto Castiglione ( baptized 23 March 16095 May 1664 ) was an Italian Baroque artist , painter , printmaker and draftsman , of the Genoese school .	5
He played on Dizzy Gillespie ’ s albums including " Free Ride " , " Dizzy 's Party " and " Bahiana " .	4
From the 14th century until the mid 19th century the noble lords von Adelebsen maintained a patrimonial court ( Patrimonialgericht ) at Adelebsen .	4
Ronald N. Hartman ( July 23 , 1935 – August 30 , 2011 ) was a professor of astronomy and the director of the planetarium at Mt .	5
Chiang Mai forces had regained Nan by .	0
When he completed matters in Judea he went to Cilicia instead of Amisus .	2
2 in USA Today 's Super 25 national rankings .	1
After building in intensity the cavity suddenly " dumps " its energy .	2
The rural district has 43 villages .	0
David Elliot was born in 1952 , in Ashburton , New Zealand .	2
Like the original , the themes of love , mutual understanding , and individual growth play an important role in the story , albeit in different ways .	5
West of Clermont , it shares a brief concurrency with SR 52 ( Dahlonega Highway ) .	3
usually represents the sound or some other lateral consonant .	1
It is the district through which the Karakoram Highway passes .	1
Subsequently , a section of the Sikh leaders started demanding more autonomy for the states , alleging that the central government was discriminating against Punjab .	5
The nitrogen is involved in the π-bonding aromatic system using its unhybridized p orbital .	2
She continued as festival director until 1992 .	0
Lila hides in the cellar , where she finds Mrs. Bates in a chair .	2
There were two notable people with connections to the Palace of Pławowice : Ludwik Hieronim Morstin and Marian Bronisław Tomaszewski .	4
Due to this win , Fiorentina reached the top of Serie A for the first time since 1998 – 99 .	4
The next morning , a battered Sonny straps on his guns and prepares to face Blackjack 's gang alone .	3
Ellington University is an unaccredited higher education institution .	1
The butterfly occurs in India in the western Himalayas from Kulu to Garhwal , Nepal , Sikkim to Bhutan and Myanmar .	4
Doris spent 11 hours in a crowded lifeboat , before being rescued by a passing steamer , which took her to Bombay .	4
Animal stars were Roy 's Palomino horse Trigger and his German Shepherd Bullet , the " Wonder Dog " .	3
Entering the game the Texans are the only team the Dolphins have not beaten , holding a 0 – 6 record all-time against the team .	5
The country was a one-party state at the time , with the Congolese Party of Labour as the sole legal party .	4
MacSorley was defeated by Fred Vulliamy when he ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in the newly created riding of Burnaby-Willingdon in 1966 .	5
It is about the same size as the modern viola .	1
Grade F is the sole failing mark .	0
This was done too with general approbation . "	1
The orchestral music department is led by Ms Ann Osborne .	1
A CGView server has recently been developed .	0
He showed a talent for efficient organisation and fair administration in the conquered province .	2
SR 311 is a Virginia Byway north of SR 419 .	1
The author does not ask that the program 's users at this point become dedicated " users " of the software .	4
" For the foundering of the British cargo ship " Nagara " on this day , see the entry for 29 March 1943 . "	5
He later re-enlisted and served a stint as first lieutenant under Benjamin Franklin Hardin in 1837 .	3
The Christmas Tree Ship lived on through Schuenemann 's wife , Barbara , and their two daughters .	3
Panmah Glacier is a glacier in Gilgit-Baltistan , Pakistan .	1
I was officially raised in the Church of England , but I was actually more of a freak in my family .	4
During the final years of the Antichrist 's reign , a nuclear war has devastated the earth .	3
A posthumous work ( 1965 ) showcased his thoughts , " Vademecum del aspirante a pintor " ( The Student Painter 's Handbook ) .	5
Phycomyces is a genus of fungus in the Zygomycota phylum .	1
The play was originally produced by the Fly By Night Theatre Company , which was formed by McPherson and others .	4
Calvano would be fired at the end of the season .	1
In 1998 , a new president and substantially new board of directors took over the orchestra .	3
The Flames finished 12th in the Western Conference , ten points behind the 8th place San Jose Sharks .	3
Guadalajara holds a biennial named after the painter as well , the Bienal de Pintura de Occidente Alfonso Michel at the former monastery of Del Carmen .	5
It was most likely brought to Istanbul by European diplomats .	1
For those fifteen years , he was a senior fellow at the Institute of Marine and Coastal Studies .	3
As of July 1 , 2018 , 99,388 students have passed through the program .	2
Three days later , an examination revealed that Trautmann had broken a bone in his neck .	3
He was a member of the Freemasons since 1958 .	1
18 in the United Kingdom , No .	0
Admiral Thomas Griffin ( c . 1692 - 23 December 1771 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander-in-Chief of the East Indies Station .	5
Three digit labels were typically affixed to identify the address of channel , control unit and device .	3
The bon mot was Don Álvaro 's reply .	1
However after Cronulla beat Manly 17-12 in the qualifying final , every game from that point was a sudden-death fixture for the Sea-Eagles .	4
After Khomiakov 's resignation in 1910 , Guchkov was elected speaker .	1
It is known the younger Tregian was still in Brussels in 1606 when his father visited .	3
In the summer of 2007 , he also appeared in all of the club 's four UEFA Cup qualifiers , scoring three goals .	4
In Italian Eritrea , the Italian colonial administration had divided the colony into eight provinces ( administrative regions ) .	3
Caesar besieged Gomphi to gain its resources and to frighten the neighbouring areas .	2
With the control in her hands she soon becomes addicted to the effects of a zone implant .	3
1st and 3rd World Cup was held in Pune-India , whereas 2nd World Cup was held in Nairobi-Kenya and 4th World Cup was organized in Dhaka-Bangladesh .	5
The order of the symmetry group is the number of symmetries of the polyhedron .	2
“ Harry Hind and I are old time surfers from Kelly 's Cove and Ocean Beach , San Francisco .	3
The same year he was offered a contract to Jermaine Dupri 's So So Def label .	3
Through this test phase , the author hopes for bug reports and discussion that will help shape Perfect Dark into a better program .	4
Sumon had to stop singing most of the metal vocal arrangements , and the band decided to take a new vocalist .	4
It is found in Chiapas , Mexico .	0
However , Mark Antony and Caesar brought in reinforcements and pushed them back .	2
4 in the album chart .	0
They are well known for their distinctive head crests , which were probably used for mating displays , or to intimidate rivals .	4
His 1980 book " The study of dialect : an introduction to dialectology " was a critical history of dialect studies .	4
Competitions cover all the genres of art -	0
Their collaborations appeared across " Nils " and Reed 's " The Bells " , also released in 1979 .	3
The letter is still considered one of the most important documents in Native American history :	2
NASA , however , is not included in the ACI .	1
Around the late 13th century several important Gothic or Gothic-like edifices were begun , which were to be completed in the following century .	4
The flight is fluttering and sometimes bat-like .	0
Examples include PopVox in the United States and mySociety in the United Kingdom .	2
" Ericameria paniculata " is native to the deserts of the southwestern United States ( Arizona , Nevada , southern California , southwestern Utah .	5
A message in a bottle from the " Rouse Simmons " washed onto the shore at Sheboygan .	3
Population ( as of 2000 ) : 63 .	1
The B section of the first movement , marked " Allegro molto " , is a breathless fugue describing the hunt .	4
He continued in his duties keeping the guns supplied with powder throughout the battle , despite intense hostile fire .	3
Each club received 15,000 tickets for the final from the Football Association .	2
" Voter fatigue " describes a possible cause of voter apathy : elections that are held too frequently .	3
That , combined with his recusancy , were sufficient reasons for incarceration .	2
It is found in the Dominican Republic .	0
The largest Protestant group is the Ethiopian Evangelical Church Mekane Yesus , with about 5 million members .	3
Later , he joined the 404th Tactical Fighter Group and performed duties as a squadron supply officer , fighter pilot , flight commander and squadron operations officer .	5
Six weeks later , October 19 , 2007 , the USTR rejected FTAC 's petition .	2
His father was Michele Candela , a plasterer , and his mother was Josephine Pizzurro .	2
" D. C. S. Oosthuizen Memorial Lecture	0
The formulas used above to convert returns or volatility measures from one time period to another assume a particular underlying model or process .	4
Itchy serves it as rare steak decorated with an olive .	1
Tom arrives just in time , having changed his mind , and puts Eadie in the shower to sober up .	4
" Simpsons " episode : " In Marge We Trust "	1
I think , setting aside the obvious fact that we both use myth and legend , that the similarities are fairly superficial .	4
altitude at which the first winds are measured .	1
A revealing transaction took place in 1921 .	0
In 1930 , he tied for 2nd-4th in Helsinki ( Eero Böök won ) .	2
By the beginning of the sixth century , there were Christian Churches throughout northern Ethiopia .	2
The diagonal numbers say how many of each element occur in the whole polyhedron .	2
However , airships flying Slipstream 's flag appear on the horizon and begin to attack the new sun .	3
The rows and columns correspond to vertices , edges , and faces .	2
In Italy , the names of specific pasta shapes or types often vary by locale .	2
It is found on Sumatra .	0
The complex has an area of	0
For Platonic solids centered at the origin , simple Cartesian coordinates of the vertices are given below .	3
Its invention is attributed to Jacobo de Testera , a Franciscan who arrived in Mexico in 1529 .	3
Article One Partners was recognized as " 2009 Startup of the Year " by Silicon Alley Insider .	3
It is found in Chiapas , Mexico .	0
He enjoyed meeting other martial artists to compare styles and share the techniques and theories of martial arts .	3
The main robots from " Mazinger Angels " are available as part of the GX prefix .	3
Some noblemen were more charitable than others .	0
His training was at Mittenwald School in Germany , where he passed his master 's degree in 1982 under Josef Kantuscher .	4
After another brief stint with the firm of Frederick Sterner , Candela set up his own practice in 1920 .	3
Next in size are the various Protestant congregations , who include 13.7 million Ethiopians .	2
This is Telltale 's first console game which was released inline with the PC version .	2
The following year , when Albion and the other Southern League teams were absorbed into the new Football League Third Division , Doran 's goalscoring continued .	5
Being captain he led , as second Lieutenant Colonel Héctor Benigno Varela , military repression against strikers Patagonia in 1921 , known as the Patagonia tragic .	5
Young birds are browner above and have very pale yellow underparts .	1
11 on the ARIA charts , No .	0
Princess Fu may refer to :	0
Although a substantial number of submarines were spotted and attacked , no confirmed sinkings were made .	3
This proved to be a tough warm-up for the later matches and it went two sets six-all before Elston broke through .	4
Then , the route curves to the northwest before curving back to the east .	2
This was the first time professionalism got into football .	1
Meanwhile , Baobao begins living her life as a butterfly , but finds that the other insects will not associate with her , finding her too human .	5
He is one of the last Spirits of Vengeance in existence .	1
The 4-DDs were based on the earlier 4-SUB but were not operationally compatible with either the 4-SUB or later EPB stock .	4
It is cooked either in tomato sauce or with various kinds of casserole meat .	2
In ancient Greece , the oral tradition was a dominant tradition .	1
These Physicians are assigned to the various Army MEDCENs ( Medical Centers ) and MEDDACs ( Medical Department Activities , i.e. , hospitals and clinics ) .	5
The farthest point inland that is reached by storm surges is bounded by a belt of dunes , where floods can form a dune cliff .	5
During much of the German occupation of Denmark , Vestre Fængsel was operated by German police .	3
Mithridates tried to establish friendly relations with Phraates III , the king of Parthia .	2
Coxeter 's notation for regular compounds is given in the table above , incorporating Schläfli symbols .	3
Beer was classified into tax classes by law in Finland until the year 1995 when Finland joined the European Union .	4
The story is set in the same universe as the original " Genesis of Aquarion " , and takes place twelve thousand years after .	5
Before World War I , he played in many tournaments at Saint Petersburg .	2
Before Montenegrin independence , clubs from that Republic played in national water polo Yugoslav Cup and Cup of Serbia and Montenegro ] ] .	4
Pasta , or dried pasta with three subcategories – ( i . )	2
Francisco del Castillo O.Merced or Francisco del Castillo Andraca ( 1716 – 1770 ) was a Peruvian poet , writer and priest of the Order of Mercy .	5
It was described by Tippmann in 1953 .	0
Some time before 1943 Grobart resumed union activities during Fulgencio Batista ’ s first period of power .	3
Title pun : " Bang the Drum Slowly "	1
He marked his first appearance for the club with a goal but was red carded for elbowing just two minutes after scoring .	4
At the end , they both say " Kids !	1
Herbert Harper ( 2 July 1920 — 21 January 2012 ) was an American jazz trombonist of the West Coast jazz school .	4
Scordatura notation exists in a number of different types .	1
It is the most important , the largest and holiest temple of Hindu religion in Bali , and one of a series of Balinese temples .	5
The Creek , Chickasaw , Cherokee , and Seminole Nations were removed after the Choctaw were .	3
George Smith Morris , " The Buchan Chiel " , was born in Aberdeen in 1876 and died in 1958 .	4
The 100-point grading scale is as follows :	0
In politics , voter apathy is perceived apathy ( lack of caring ) among voters in an election .	3
In 2005 , he founded R. N. Hartman , Inc . , a company that manufactures membrane suspension boxes and distributes them around the world .	5
Soon thereafter , Marius ran for the aedileship and lost .	1
A motel window serves as a mirror by reflecting Marion and Norman together .	2
The school system was founded in 1992 .	0
It was at Argonne that Robinson became interested in automated theorem proving and developed unification and the resolution principle .	3
The only exception to this monochrome cast is Lawrence Dwight , the head cutter at Imperial Bulldog Pictures .	3
In addition to the stock , his salary was increased 9.1 percent to $ 1.03 million , with 67 percent bonus of $ 981,000 .	5
In May Cox went to England on sick leave .	1
However , the Seahawks are still in contention to pick Callahan with the seventh pick , and Sonny senses an opportunity .	4
Males in these mating systems are generally monogamous , if not bigynous , and have sexually evolved accordingly .	3
SWITCH is a Mexican music magazine published by Editorial Premiere .	1
Inside the building are municipal offices ( including a court room and council chambers ) , community facilities , a 1,500-seat auditorium , a pool and gymnasium .	5
The town is dominated by two medieval castles .	1
Bernard stormed back though the field , but collided with Mark Blundell while battling for second place .	3
For two summers after this Gordon was an Instructor at Long Island Biological Association , Cold Spring Harbor , Long Island .	4
Harold Rosson began his film career in 1908 as an actor at the Vitagraph Studios in the Flatbush area of Brooklyn .	4
The song went on to be covered by a number of artists , for example by Tyne Daly in her televised cabaret .	4
Following India 's independence in 1947 , the Punjabi Suba movement led by the Sikh political party Akali Dal led to the trifurcation of the Punjab state .	5
It was described by Zajciw in 1968 .	0
Team Josef and Team Rytmus performed .	0
It was hosted in two cities in Greece , in Piraeus and Patras , from September 8 to September 16 , 1995 .	4
However , the ApHC does not allow pony or draft breeding .	1
That is , during some periods , prices go up and down quickly , while during other times they barely move at all .	4
This notation can be generalised to compounds in any number of dimensions .	2
The case of the king against the mayor and the commonalty of the city of London was argued before Saunders both in Hilary and in Easter term .	5
According to Cassius Dio he defeated a small force and then besieged the city .	2
It was described by Bates in 1892 .	0
A change in the course of the Elbe cuts the settlement into two : Geesthacht ( in Schleswig-Holstein ) and Marschacht .	4
It is found in Costa Rica .	0
Ihroservis played in Fiolent Stadium that seats 5000 .	1
The work ends as it began , with an ascending scale , but this time in an inverted form of the opening scale .	4
From 2007 to 2009 , Palmer was the sole honorary starter .	1
His religious duties were carried out from the Regia .	1
With the delivery of the F-35s reportedly delayed until 2018 , the Israelis have sought additional F-15s from the United States to cover the gap .	5
Title pun : " Little Shop of Horrors " < br >	1
He died in 1964 at the age of 84 .	1
" Department of Administrative Services ( 1975 )	0
Bank notes were printed on paper composed of pure cotton .	1
It was financially successful in Japan .	0
The free radical mechanism is one of the first methods to be used .	2
In extreme cases sanctions may include social discrimination and exclusion .	1
It consisted of wooden spurred huts .	0
He participated in his first tournament at age seven .	1
It heads northeast , crossing the Wahoo Creek arm of Lake Lanier .	2
In equilibrium , the forces on the moving block must sum to zero .	2
" Silver Condor Award for Best Animated Feature	0
The octahedral and icosahedral dual compounds are the first stellations of the cuboctahedron and icosidodecahedron , respectively .	3
Efforts by an active breed society and the Quebec government have been made in recent years to preserve the breed from extinction .	4
Due to a lack of endemism of Dilophosauridae , body size has been used to weakly classify taxa to Dilophosauridae .	4
The faces of the pyritohedron are , however , not regular , so the pyritohedron is also not regular .	3
" Wibbel the Tailor ( 1939 film )	0
Pilsen style lagers are marketed internationally by numerous small brewers and larger conglomerates .	2
By 1926 , he was marketing beauty products under the name " Charles of the Ritz " .	3
Her first solo album , " Kiss Me Hello " , was released in early 2007 on her own Yellowcar Music label .	4
In Derbyshire 's first-innings of 108 , Potter took the wicket of Stan Worthington to finish with figures of 1 / 19 from 8 overs .	5
Though the thousands gathered outside the Council House roared " No ! "	2
On 1 April 2012 , he scored his first goal for the club in a 1 – 0 win against Aris F.C ..	4
He is noted for serving longer than any other in that capacity , for twenty-seven years , retiring in 1987 .	4
Scratchy comes back as a ghost to haunt Itchy .	1
Cannizzaro was born in Bensonhurst , Brooklyn .	0
Nutting was born on March 29 , 1962 in Wheeling , West Virginia .	2
The Northwest Passage was then ice-free and so apparently a grey whale from the Pacific Ocean made it to Europe .	4
In St Patrick 's he has been censured by both board and chapter .	2
Carol Clayton ( Jean Harlow ) calls from England that she is going to marry the wealthy Hartley Madison ( Walter Pidgeon ) .	4
Gurtej has 1,299 U.S. utility patents .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " When Flanders Failed "	1
She graduated from University of Cagliari .	0
Woodhill played for the Eastern Suburbs club in rugby league 's founding season of 1908 .	2
Lepidus went back to Rome with another force and demanded a second consulship .	2
In 1990 , Bridges was diagnosed with intestinal cancer .	1
From 28 August 2012 until December 2012 , the contracts will be operated by other local operators before retendering in early 2013 .	4
She had one brother , Henry Patrick and two sisters , Laura and Winifred .	2
A senior Israeli air force official stated , " the aircraft will be designated F-35I , as there will be unique Israeli features installed in them . "	5
Eight weeks later , he scored twice in a game against Empoli , the double earning Fiorentina a 2 – 2 draw .	4
" The Making of the English Landscape	0
Critical reviews were generally positive , despite the reviewers commenting on the sadness of seeing Harlow so soon after her death .	4
The moon crushes his house with him inside .	1
Abdomen clothed with woolly pile .	0
The website 's camera reviews have always offered side-by-side comparison images and test results from competing cameras .	3
Groll returned to Vilshofen three years later in 1845 , and there later inherited his father 's brewery .	3
Further subdividing of the Cobram Estate land allowed for more residents to move to the area .	3
The brakes were controlled hydraulically .	0
Winner of the Guardian Student Media Awards for best new small budget publication and runner up for best publication design in 2004 .	4
He was also a spokesman for Hertz Rent-a-Car .	1
For every 100 females , there were 99.2 males .	1
Compiled by Michael Moss , Moira Rankin and Lesley Richmond ) "	1
It was rated by the UCI as a category 2.1 race and was held between 1 and 4 June 2009 .	4
Regulatory and analytic information is available on the Division 's website .	1
He also competed in the Men 's 100 m TS4 , Men 's 200 m TS4 and Men 's 400 m TS4 but did not medal .	5
He was born in Amritsar , British India in 1942 .	1
In doing so , the report concluded , he tacitly gave the United States the go-ahead to store nuclear weapons at Thule .	4
In 2011 the tournament was dropped down to a Grand Prix Gold event .	2
In November 2008 , he was called up for the senior Danish national team by national manager Morten Olsen .	3
20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection : The Best of Steve Earle is a compilation album by Steve Earle .	4
Among various gigs in support of the album , Sometymes Why opened two tours for the progressive bluegrass group Punch Brothers .	4
Competition from automobiles ended streetcar service in 1926 .	1
Howard was known best for his role on television in 25 episodes of the 1960s TV series " Gentle Ben " starring his younger son , Clint .	5
St. Mark 's was founded as a parish in 1858 .	1
This was the January edition of the tournament .	1
A record of Упирь ( " Upir ′ " ) appears in a document dated 1047 AD .	3
Administered by a tailor-made political and local government system .	1
Gnaeus Domitius and Metellus Scipio had been encamped close to each other .	2
Pyridine can also be produced by the decarboxylation of nicotinic acid with copper chromite .	2
Therefore , most of his works speak about exploitation , marginalization , alcoholism , violence , and social problems of farmers , miners , laborers and manufacturers .	5
Many of these entities have been given simple and ambiguous names such as Euler 's function , Euler 's equation , and Euler 's formula .	5
It was also nominated for the John W. Campbell Memorial award in 2007 .	2
It was described by Bates in 1880 .	0
The football team plays their home games at Swinehart Field which they share with crosstown rival Eisenhower .	3
The mask must be centered correctly .	0
The turnover was shortly followed by a 14-yard pass touchdown from Houston quarterback Matt Schaub to receiver Andre Johnson at the ( 0 : 12 ) mark .	5
Due to the launch of the Saturday version of the program , the Nine Network renamed the programs as " Today : Weekend Edition " .	5
However , the decision proved controversial , as local civic leaders such as Edward Beecher protested the ruling .	3
The Toungoo Empire was no more .	0
Pompey was also seen as being partial in the conduct of some trials .	2
After the landings on the 19th February 1945 , " Staunch " remained in the Bonins until 7 March 1945 .	4
Later in 1981 , Rescigno said yes to succeeding stage director David Hicks as Gage 's artistic advisor .	3
At International level , he played at the FIFA World Cup 1962 for SFR Yugoslavia , finishing the tournament in fourth place .	4
It was described by Chemsak in 1967 .	0
St. George then lifted a notch , grafted out some territory towards the Eels ' end and began to think of field goals .	4
" , implies a pragmatic point of view .	1
He then planned to leave Australia , when the offer of five auditions came through , one of which was for " Home and Away " .	5
The HR is triggered by the plant when it recognizes a pathogen .	2
Arnér is the son of Swedish writer Sivar Arnér ( 1909 – 1997 ) and the Hungarian-born artist and author Lenke Rothman ( 1929 – 2008 ) .	5
The judge in the case stated that there was not enough similarity between the two books to make a case for plagiarism .	4
Itchy replaces Scratchy 's brain with that of Albert Einstein .	1
During a battle of the English Civil War , an alchemist 's assistant named Whitehead flees from the strict Commander Trower .	4
Altun ( ) may refer to :	0
Pompey remained in Hispania to quell the last disorders and settle affairs .	2
By 1949 Dutch cattle and crosses were accepted into the herdbook and the name was changed to Danish Black and White Cattle .	4
exams that can award students with up to 5 college credits .	1
It is found in Taiwan .	0
In 1963 , the school was renamed in honor of President Lyndon B. Johnson who was a 1924 graduate of Johnson City High School .	5
He gained prestige as much for his clemency as for his power .	2
As both teams ' first-choice colours were blue , each team wore their change strip to prevent confusion .	3
It is found in Chiapas , Mexico .	0
On Linux , it can be obtained with the ComposeKey sequence .	1
It is operated by the Benedictine monks of Saint Vincent Archabbey .	1
The final tournament bracket is shown below .	0
The theme of female agency and divorce is also a common topic for critics .	2
The metadata is maintained for every instance of the data store ( " replica " ) that the provider is attached to .	4
In the Gattermann – Skita synthesis , a malonate ester salt reacts with dichloromethylamine .	2
In 1995 Schwanitz published " Der Campus " , which is a campus novel , a genre that didn 't really exist in German at the time .	5
The first-story entrance front is dominated by the residence 's grand entrance door .	2
He acquired a reputation for greed , political double-dealing and military ruthlessness .	2
Between 1915 and 1919 competitive association football was suspended in England .	1
The story of Mrs. Smith is strikingly similar to that of Helene 's , as if she , herself , were speaking through Mrs. Smith .	5
Bond was trained in drama at the Rose Bruford College and acted on stage and TV .	3
It also ended the season ranked No .	0
In 4-dimensions , there are a large number of regular compounds of regular polytopes .	2
" Constitution of Uruguay of 1952	0
Armenian deserters persuaded the younger Tigranes to make an attempt on his father .	2
A paneled balustrade runs fully about the central block and the south bay rendering the low hipped roof imperceptible .	3
" Simpsons " episode : " Jaws Wired Shut "	1
When his contract expired in the summer 2009 , he was approached by a number of clubs .	3
Known in Przemyśl as the beautiful Rosenbach daughter , Helene was given the title of most ' brilliant enough to be a son . '	5
At Mosjøen , the river discharges into the Vefsnfjord .	1
" 2014 Galway City Council election	0
He died at the Jesuit hospice at Igreja de São Roque , Lisbon , where he was buried .	3
The Schläfli symbols of the five Platonic solids are given in the table below .	2
The company was founded in 1991 by Rahul Sood , and in 1999 Ravi Sood ( brother to Rahul ) joined the board of operations .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " Moe Letter Blues "	1
In one study , females with mating plugs had a 75 % less chance of re-mating .	3
During the war the squadron suffered 60 Australian fatalities .	1
Pyridine easily dissolves in water and harms both animals and plants in aquatic systems .	2
Dylan returned to North America to perform a twenty-three date late summer tour of the United States and Canada including several appearances at state fairs .	5
The wingspan is about 12 mm .	0
CAA has been identified as occurring either sporadically ( generally in elderly populations ) or in familial forms such as Flemish , Iowa , and Dutch types .	5
From 1986 to 1988 he was Bishop 's Vicar in St Canice 's Cathedral , Kilkenny .	3
By 1867 , Buitoni Company in Sansepolcro , Tuscany became an established pasta manufacturer .	2
They released two EPs : " Death & Taxes " ( 2003 ) , and " Tax Return " ( 2005 ) .	4
He contemplated marching through Thrace , Macedonia and Pannonia and crossing the Alps into Italy .	2
" Cheerful Little Earful " is a 1930 song composed by Harry Warren , with lyrics by Ira Gershwin and Billy Rose .	4
Lipoic acid is cofactor for at least five enzyme systems .	1
Vatten och bröd ( Swedish for " Water and Bread " ) is the debut studio album released by Swedish singer and songwriter Veronica Maggio .	5
They have taken a magnifying glass and picked at the books , using literary reductionism to find what they want to find .	4
Because of his vocal performance on the William Wyler 's Ben-Hur in 1960 , Charlton Heston who he dubbed , sent to Michel a praising letter .	5
Tarcondimotus and his son and successor ( Tarcondimotus II ) were loyal allies of Rome .	2
The Flames youth led to an inconsistent team , often bouncing between long winning and losing streaks .	3
Resolvconf controls access to the file , allowing many programs to use it at the same time .	3
He also served on the board of directors of Mary Baldwin College .	2
They are the publishing division of Caliver Books — which is based in Leigh-on-Sea and Newthorpe .	3
The mice Pilgrims eat a chunk of Scratchy 's body .	1
The female is pale chestnut brownish .	0
Parida has won the following awards :	0
He also wrote a generally positive review of the very successful textbook " Accents of English " by John C. Wells .	4
Eight players who had played in the previous year 's final were selected in the starting line-up .	3
The 2010-11 season marked the Express ' return to Coquitlam .	1
Until its disbandment at the end of the 1989 season , the Bunnaloo Football Club operated for many years .	3
Jaswant Singh II , GCSI , ( 1838 – 11 October 1895 ) was Maharaja of Jodhpur from 4 February 1873 – 11 October 1895 .	5
Such a practice was considered normal , natural .	1
The project received an American Library Association / AIA Honor Award , in addition to a number of regional design awards .	4
Guchkov in particular was defeated in his constituency in Moscow .	1
The butterfly is found in India from Assam ( Cachar ) to Karens ( Myanmar ) and from Dawnas to southern Myanmar .	4
The company released the remaining language packs on October 23 , 2007 for a total of 35 language packs .	3
This was culminated on the 10th June 2008 with the revelation that Voodoo will focus on high-end , top spec computers rather than gaming machines .	5
Quoi de Neuf focused much more on entertainment and lifestyle news than its English counterpart , Canada 360 .	3
The film was so successful that it was reissued to theaters in 1965 .	2
On October 11 , 2012 , Vélez had a tryout match for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) , competing against Tara in a losing effort .	5
The eggs hatch and the tadpoles develop in the water .	1
The inflorescence is up to about 17 centimeters long and has solitary or paired spikelets , each containing up to 7 to 10 flowers .	5
" Just Another Day ... " is one of the singles released from Queen Latifah 's 1993 album " Black Reign " .	4
Neo-Lutheranism was a Lutheran revival in reaction against pietism , and the pietistic movement in Germany declined in the 19th century .	4
Other details on the exterior are broad wing sweeping walls and exaggerated window sills with wooded bars .	3
The instructor discusses latitude , longitude , basic geometry as it relates to triangulation and other elements of navigation .	3
Pompey moved on to Colchis and wanted to march to the Cimmerian Bosporus against Mithridates .	2
Core members of the district 's administration are :	1
Team Josef and Team Rytmus performed .	0
On 22 July 1945 she married the commercial artist Georg Leander : their daughter Kristina was born in January 1946 .	4
The bill was approved by the House , 116 to 39 .	1
Synopsis : Scratchy is working as a bee keeper .	1
As a pioneer , he took part in fighting at the Western Front , advanced to NCO and was transferred to the Eastern Front in 1941 .	5
Microsoft Sync Framework is a data synchronization platform from Microsoft that can be used to synchronize data across multiple data stores .	4
He was promoted to the rank of captain in July 1909 .	1
He presented to the World ’ s Olympic Organization and the 1988 Olympic committee to admit curling as a demonstration sport in the Calgary Olympics .	5
Although it had experienced some success in its early years , it barely made it through the 1997 season before folding .	4
On September 28 , 2015 , the Ottawa Senators signed Fraser to a one-year , two-way contract .	3
Later , these physicians may continue with subspecialty training or continue in operational positions providing clinical care , conducting research , or in other positions .	5
A plainer , Classical-style building — another insurance company office — followed later in the 1930s , in connection with the widening of West Street in Brighton .	5
But after all the booze , all the late nights and all the cigarettes , the Pally is still alive ...	4
The team of researchers harvested venom from the stonefish and some of the sea snakes .	2
Tier 3 : Databases that were computationally predicted by PathoLogic and received no manual curation .	2
This was run by subsidised teachers prior to government teachers being supplied .	2
† indicates an award given posthumously .	0
He would refer to the issue in the song " Lukin " from Pearl Jam 's 1996 album , " No Code " .	4
Upon hearing that they are all wanted outlaws , the Sheriff asks them to saddle up and leave town .	3
Title pun : " Scenes from a Mall "	1
The second season of " Jem " aired between September 21 , 1987 and January 12 , 1988 as first-run syndication in the United States .	5
In 1848 / 1849 , Kovin was part of the Serbian Voivodship , but in 1849 it was again placed under administration of the Military Frontier .	5
His parent 's ambition was to liberate Aerie from Slipstream 's rule by constructing their own sun in secret .	3
This number also includes 170,000 ballots which were blank , spoiled , or null .	2
The main grass is upright brome , and it has a rich variety of herbs , including yellow rattle , chalk milkwort and kidney vetch .	5
The school was honored again in the 1995-96 school year .	1
The film had received funding from the BFI Distribution Fund New Models strand , " which supports experimental release models " .	4
The MC traces its earliest origins to the first physicians recruited by the Medical Department of the Army , created by the Continental Congress in 1775 .	5
" List of The Wonder Years characters	0
The rural district has 8 villages .	0
His first appearance was in the play " This is Our Chance " by James Ene Henshaw , directed by Isaac John .	4
For the first time in history , a New South Wales Rugby Football League Grand Final was forced into 20 minutes extra time .	4
The Philippine Air Force won the championship .	0
In 1971 the wreck itself was discovered by scuba diver Gordon Kent Bellrichard from Milwaukee .	2
Mandela 's jersey had Pienaar 's number 6 on the back .	1
It is found in Taiwan .	0
The album was recorded while Joell was trying to get signed and going through some tough times personally .	3
Microsoft stated that 16 languages were made available on January 30 , 2007 .	2
Running back Byron Bam Morris scored the game-winning 1-yard touchdown run with 1 : 34 remaining in the game to pull Pittsburgh ahead for good .	5
In the gastrointestinal tract of the definitive host the parasite undergoes sexual reproduction , forms and zygote which after some divisions forms a cyst that is excreted .	5
Film4 and its arms 4DVD and Film4 Channel collaborated with distributor Picturehouse Entertainment and with the BFI Distribution Fund for the rollout .	4
Pyridine might also have minor neurotoxic , genotoxic , and clastogenic effects .	2
Australians Ricky Ponting and Adam Gilchrist with Sri Lankan Kumar Sangakkara lead the individual fielding records .	3
Due to the wave – particle duality , all moving particles also have wave character .	2
" Simpsons " episode : " The Ten-Per-Cent Solution "	1
Santa Cruz was the twelfth mission to be founded in California .	1
Within the smooth plumage a layer of air is preserved , ensuring buoyancy .	2
It was described by Buquet in 1860 .	0
The EJR team won the next three races , allowing Alesi to take a commanding lead in the championship .	3
Production was formally announced in 2010 , with " " and " The A-Team " writer Skip Woods confirmed as the film 's screenwriter .	5
He broadcast to the Irish nation every Sunday with his varying choice of music ranging from " high- " to " middle-brow " across all genres .	5
The event is a triple-knockout event .	0
During the Second World War , Stabæk IF was disbanded by Axel Heiberg Stang and Egil Reichborn-Kjennerud on 21 June 1941 .	4
in theology at the Lutheran School of Theology in Chicago .	1
His descendants were associated with the Haihayas , which occupied the neighbouring region , apparently after the demise of the Sharyata kingdom .	4
He resumed his guerrilla tactics and cut off the enemy 's supplies with widespread raids .	2
When this is exhausted they need to find a suitable place to settle and metamorphosize into a juvenile sea squirt , ready to start a new colony .	5
Charged particles ( electrons , mesons , protons , alpha particles , heavier HZE ions , etc . )	3
On the next Miami possession , after a quick pass from Tannehill to receiver Brian Hartline , Reggie Bush rushed 65 yards for another Miami touchdown .	5
He became Chairman of the Tianjin City Martial Arts Association and was known for his fighting skill .	3
There were 10 of them to every three Milan supporters .	1
Charles of the Ritz is a former cosmetics brand known for its line of perfumes .	2
Under the name Chris Lancelot , he was the vocalist of the Swedish band Dive from 1990 to 1994 .	3
Hwang won his third Obie Award in Playwriting and he was a third-time finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Drama .	4
Local legends say that some sailors refused to board the ship and that the vessel was unseaworthy .	3
Therefore , he ordered his fleet to blockade Mithridates and turned on the Albanians .	2
There were 1.96 inhabitants per square kilometer in the municipality , which has been losing population since the census of 1995 .	4
Moreover , the Celtiberians treated them with contempt as men under suspicion .	2
Federally , Latrobe is part of Pennsylvania 's 18th congressional district .	1
He scored his second goal against AC Milan in the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza in front of the 48,000 spectators on 13 March 2011 .	4
His second solo album " Abhyontoreen " .	0
Otávio Dutra ( born 28 February 1983 in Fortaleza ) is a Brazilian football defender , who currently plays for Persebaya Surabaya in the Liga 1 .	5
Additionally , members can earn profit-sharing points for activities such as referring friends .	2
Itchy lights a bomb and bowls it down to the end .	1
The Johnson solids are convex polyhedra which have regular faces but are not uniform .	2
He district has a population of 1.500 .	0
He finds the situation on the former mainland has descended to barbarism , with competing bands of scavengers preying on survivors .	4
I Came to Dance is the third solo studio album from Nils Lofgren .	2
It starts in the west at Whitfield County and ends in the east at Eton in Murray County .	3
Born in Cetinje , present day Montenegro , he resides with his family in Mengeš , Slovenia .	3
However , Pompey opposed this and ensured Sulla 's burial with honours .	2
The tandem seat aircraft was converted to a single pilot aircraft that featured a radial engine and conventional landing gear ( one tailwheel for each boom ) .	5
Commissioned by the Chicago Cultural Center .	0
Only the interests of the bigger unions remain . "	1
Described as " a magnificent red-brick building embellished with white stone and fine arched windows " , it stands on a corner and has a domed turret .	5
Letters like it and others with defiant speeches were in decline by 1840 .	2
Pyridine is a basic heterocyclic organic compound with the chemical formula CHN .	2
Lenihan made his solemn profession of religious vows in the Order Friars Minor on 17 September 1977 and was ordained a priest on 12 July 1980 .	5
Reaction of naphtols and hydrazines and sodium bisulfite in the Bucherer carbazole synthesis	2
The most notable exception is " An Stòr-dàta Briathrachais " , a dictionary of general technical terminology published by the Gaelic college Sabhal Mòr Ostaig .	5
He joined the northern circuit , and on 5 November 1796 he was returned to parliament for Haslemere in Surrey , retaining his seat until 1806 .	5
Casey departed on 16 September , after he was shot dead by Jake Pirovic while trying to save his kidnapped half-brother Josh Barrett ( Jackson Gallagher ) .	5
Now we get screen credit , and some producers and directors give advertising credit too , but that took a long time .	4
" L52 " and its successors were modified to maximise the number of 21-inch ( 53.3 cm ) torpedoes carried in the bow .	4
He retired in 1923 as an honorary major general .	1
Destroyed building was restored in 1925 .	0
In connection with the lawsuit , the band brought an interlocutory injunction hoping to prevent the release of the film .	4
In November 2010 , the Victoria state government began offering helmet rentals at selected stations in an attempt to increase both ridership and helmet usage .	5
Pyruvate is a key intersection in the network of metabolic pathways .	1
If the female is unable to detect his presence , the male is less likely to face cannibalization .	3
Itchy laughs each time as Scratchy says " Ow " .	1
There he met and worked with Carlo Moresco and other visiting conductors .	2
He died on April 1 of 2007 at the Italian Hospital , where he remained hospitalized for two weeks because of a malignant tumor .	5
Pinitchio promises that he will never hurt Scratchy .	1
The A54 autoroute is a toll motorway in France managed by ASF and is close to 80 km long .	3
He said , " hacking is the true football " .	1
An in depth overnight program with OSO aimed at low-income Oakland youth partnered with Henry Cowell Redwoods State Park .	3
His first four attempts ended up in the water .	1
The rural district has 13 villages .	0
His older brother Arthur was a successful director as was his other older brother Richard and his younger sister Helene was an actress .	4
And I can tell you I never rolled the camera for Mr .	2
The country was a one-party state at the time , with the Congolese Party of Labour as the sole legal party .	4
Non-DGA productions might call it the production manager or production supervisor .	1
That is , it reacts about 55 times more slowly .	1
In November 2010 Durrant was awarded a fellowship of the London College of Music for professional achievement .	3
54 Toyota Camry for Bill McAnally Racing .	0
Bokelj and Berane were promoted .	0
Lorde has won one award .	0
At its peak the schooner was making almost weekly runs between Grand Haven and Chicago .	2
Moreover , EMCD can be measured on any TEM equipped with an EELS detector , whereas XMCD is normally measured only on dedicated synchrotron beamlines .	5
In 2006 the marathon accommodated 600 runners while the half marathon accommodated 1,000 runners .	2
By a theorem of Descartes , this is equal to 4 divided by the number of vertices ( i.e .	3
Synopsis : Scratchy is a guest on a talk show .	1
State of Grace may refer to :	0
He beat Laporte by a 12-round unanimous decision .	1
Between 1957 and 1963 she made her first series of works on a single theme , " Luonto " ( Nature ) .	4
However , due to budget issues , XM Radio Canada decided to release the staff at Quoi de Neuf .	3
However , Trautmann , dazed and unsteady on his feet , insisted upon keeping his goal .	3
In June 2014 , it was announced that a Wild Grinders mobile game was being developed for iPhone , iPad and Android by Bubble Gum Interactive .	5
" Ajalu " has been considered to be inhuman and was prohibited in 2000 by the Karnataka Koragas ( Prohibition of Ajalu Practice ) Act , 2000 .	5
He was born in Bergen .	0
Perfect Dark requires more network bandwidth and hard disk space than Winny or Share , forcing a fairer load on all users .	4
It spent six weeks atop the " Billboard " Christian Songs songs chart and two weeks atop the Hot Christian AC chart .	4
Sociologists identify two basic forms of social control :	1
In February 1999 , the Kansas City Wizards selected him in the second round ( fourteenth overall ) of the 1999 MLS Supplemental Draft .	5
Cannan received no honours for the Second World War .	1
Most military ammunition makes use of hard primers for this reason .	1
Grand Award : " The Happy Homemaker : How Advertising Invented the Housewife "	2
The awards ceremony recognized Americans in music , movies , sports and other fields of entertainment over the past year .	4
He holds a doctorate in history from the University of Warsaw , and works at the University of Natural Sciences and Humanities in Siedlce .	5
It was only later that Abraham confessed that he was unable to analyze her because he " had too much feeling for her . "	5
Peter McArthur may refer to :	0
When his men were driven within the rampart Caesar attacked the camp .	2
Jazz sax player , Tony " The Big T " Lovano also played with the Starfires on numerous gigs throughout Cleveland .	4
Strongly reduced gases include methane , ammonia , and hydrogen sulfide .	1
Some chemical compounds , although not synthesized from pyridine , contain its ring structure .	2
Candela began studying cryptography in 1930 after learning about the accomplishments of the Army Signal Corps in WWI .	3
In 1858 , Poynter developed an eye affection which led to his total blindness , and some of his commissions were taken over by William Burges .	5
This example is not completely unrealistic .	0
It was a " New York Times " Young Adult bestseller in 2015 .	2
Said to be a " bad-boy surf gang with dodgy reputations " , The River Boys consist of three brothers – Darryl , Casey and Heath .	5
Despite an infectious rhythm the song has sad and poignant lyrics .	1
This motorway will be extended towards Arles by upgrading the N568 over the Plaine de la Crau .	3
Therefore , the plebeian tribunate became a dead end for one 's political career .	2
In 2004 , a Brazilian version was produced , named Floribella .	1
EFG Hermes Investment Banking is an advisor for major M & A , debt and equity transactions .	3
Hosted Dec. 19-22 at Hay River	0
Through numerous affairs , like the one she had with Sándor Rado , Deutsch had always felt that Felix was more of the mother figure than she .	5
Ravnikar was married to the Slovenian politician Majda Širca ( " Zares " ) .	2
He then proceeds to discuss male magicians , who were a minority in the surviving literature , being viewed as deviants who had committed " ergi " .	5
They are opposite and often drooping .	0
In 1968 , she began working as story editor and head writer of " The Mod Squad " .	3
According to Hyginus , his son with Andromache was Amphialos :	1
At the end of the season the Flames set an NHL record by winning ten games in overtime .	3
This led to design modifications for all denominations .	1
It is located near Pennsylvania 's scenic Chestnut Ridge .	1
The Virgin sits on a wooden throne crowned by a canopy , with four small lion statues made of brass .	4
The sporangia contain vegetative spores with one to six haploid nuclei .	1
The Panthers were coached by Paul Chryst .	0
The Impatient Alchemist ( ) is a 2002 Argentine thriller film directed and written by Patricia Ferreira .	3
Malaysia has its own educational grading system .	0
So fluorine is the best leaving group for the substitution with organolithium compounds .	2
replaced Doi as president in 1934 .	0
Skoll announced her software to the public on August 28 , 2000 .	2
Many are actively employed in the lucrative trade and commerce of goods across the border in neighboring Pakistan .	3
Both teams claimed that prior to the match they had agreed that because of the poor playing conditions it would be played as a friendly .	5
Kobayashi had lasted 5 rounds vs Alexis Argüello .	1
The reason for this was that while the ground floor housed the servants and working rooms the first floor catered for social functions .	4
Leaves can be long and narrow or rounded or heartshaped with finely to coarsely serrated leaf margins .	3
In December 2016 , Steve Jacobs announced that he would be leaving " Today " to join " Weekend Today " as weather presenter .	5
In these female dominated environments , such aggressive behavior comes with the risk of scaring away potential mates .	3
During the period that followed ( 1789 – 1818 ) Congress provided for a medical organization for the Army only in time of war or emergency .	5
The album reached # 11 most added on the CMJ charts .	1
Music From And Inspired By The Motion Picture Save The Last Dance 2 :	2
The female enters a passive state , and the male 's risk of facing cannibalism is reduced .	3
The pupa is brownish and rough in texture .	1
He died on 13 November 1962 .	0
In June he was made an honorary lieutenant colonel .	1
Below is the example USF file as presented in the v1.1 specification :	2
On his death in 1746 he was buried at Glympton , Oxfordshire and succeeded by his brother , George Wheate .	4
The McKennas later returned to Marthe 's family home in Westrozebeke and no further books were forthcoming when the McKennas ' marriage ended around 1951 .	5
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Real Maya .	3
Northamptonshire were set a victory target of 435 to win , but could only manage to make 266 all out , giving Warwickshire a 168 runs victory .	5
The following geometric argument is very similar to the one given by Euclid in the " Elements " :	3
However , the latter was distressed about the incident and waged war against his father .	2
Problems continued to mount for Nawrahta .	0
Cannan returned to his old job at Insurance Office of Australia .	1
Round describes this as a way to engage with the imaginary public .	2
ADO.NET " Datasets " are synchronized between the source and the destination , which are then persisted to a database server .	4
The first major synthesis of pyridine derivatives was described in 1881 by Arthur Rudolf Hantzsch .	2
Dilophosaurids were large bipedal predators with lengths of 4 to 7 metres and estimated adult weights of 300 to 500 kg .	4
It was a concept advanced in the " Theses of Lyons " ( 1926 ) in the context of the Third International :	4
in 1995 to contain the type genus , " Confuciusornis " , and assigned to the monotypic clade Confuciusornithiformes within class Aves .	4
The community service portion encourages and rewards students to give back to their community .	2
The rural district has 9 villages .	0
There are two main varieties of myrrh : bisabol and herabol .	1
The image was made public in 2006 .	0
In October 2015 he joined Keighley Cougars .	0
The Bunnaloo Uniting Church ( formerly the Bunnaloo Methodist Church ) opened in 1966 .	2
Straylight composed soundtracks for Origin Systems ' " Crusader " series .	1
To avoid reinstating another “ doctor draft ” , the US Congress took steps to encourage medical students to enter the military as physicians .	5
The Swazi Democratic Party ( abbrev .	0
These included 740 , 770 , 778 and 834 and 1040 Fifth Avenue .	2
Born in New York , he entered Stanford University and received a BA in Psychology , after which he traveled to New Zealand to study Maori music .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " Homer Goes to College "	1
MetaCyc data on metabolites includes chemical structures , predicted Standard energy of formation , and links to external databases .	3
Here , she befriended Holly Tannen , a folklorist and ballad performer who was well known and respected among the Pagan community of northern California .	5
The song reached # 4 on the " Billboard " Hot 100 and # 2 on the Hot Soul Singles chart .	4
He worked abroad as an architect in the United Kingdom , Italy , and Libya before returning to the United States .	4
Chatterley expressed her hope that an " intelligent and responsible scholarly approach " would be followed by all university administrations in Canada and worldwide .	5
In the summer it is occasionally found in Chesapeake Bay , off the coasts of North and South Carolina and in the Mediterranean Sea .	5
It stars James Mercer and Carrie Brownstein .	0
Very few studies compare individual enantiomers with racemic lipoic acid .	1
Instead , the beak of confuciusornithids appear to be sensitive enough to assist in food acquisition and capable of holding potential prey .	4
Downes ' manuscript proved too long for the proposed book , and was extensively edited by Butler before it was published in 1930 .	4
I heard some time later that he had had a disagreement with his secretary of state for health , so he took him outside and shot him .	5
The two then went to Lemnos to retrieve Philoctetes .	1
The ceremony was hosted by Nick Kroll .	0
They are soon killed as their van goes out of control and runs into a train .	3
Moral entrepreneurs are also central in the construction of social deviance , including the development of drug scares .	3
Two interurban ( long-distance trolley ) lines served Latrobe :	1
Like the nearby First Church of Christ Scientist , this was a mid 19th-century stuccoed house altered extensively for its new purpose — a hospital .	5
It seems to have been worn by both men and women , and was particularly a fashion of the mid-1st to early 2nd century AD .	5
It is the main feeder of Neary Lagoon .	1
In 1972 , the pulmonary diseases facilities were withdrawn and the hospital became a facility specialising in mental disorders and was renamed ' Hawkmoor Hospital ' .	5
20 in Ireland and No .	0
They often include religious groups , lawmaking bodies , and stakeholders in a given field .	2
The college runs post-graduate courses in science , commerce and arts .	1
This case can also be played as the sixth case of the PlayStation 2 version of " " .	3
Before Norman can attack Lila , Sam , having regained consciousness , subdues him .	2
When he hits the ball , the earth shakes . "	1
" The Numismatic Society of India	0
Howard was born Harold Rance Beckenholdt in Duncan , Oklahoma , the son of Ethel Cleo ( née Tomlin ) and Engel Beckenholdt , a farmer .	5
Mirande exerted a great literary influence in the 1970s and 1980s , writing in Basque literary and cultural magazines as well as Breton ones .	5
The two began writing songs together at Blacksnake 's apartment in Germany , playing them live at sporadic shows around Germany and Spain .	4
Costa Leal spent the final years of his life in Panjim and died there on 4 April 1910 and was buried there .	4
However , the elder Rescigno had never conducted the infrequently produced piece .	2
He also spent time n the 3 .	0
After release , he studied law and became a Connecticut Superior Court Judge .	2
In 1870 , the Ecuadorian President Gabriel García Moreno hired him to establish and be the first director of the National Conservatory in Quito .	5
" Listed buildings in Norbury , Cheshire	0
To call the team London Scotchmen contributes nothing .	1
They accomplish this by providing veterinary public health capabilities through veterinary medical and surgical care , food safety and defense , and biomedical research and development .	5
With 17 minutes remaining , a Birmingham chance arose when Murphy outpaced Dave Ewing .	2
Such officials tend to take a pessimistic view of human nature because of constant exposure to willful deviance .	3
Jimmy Murphy , the ex Manchester United Assistant Manager , called Jeffrey the " English Pele " .	3
The faces project onto regular spherical polygons which exactly cover the sphere .	2
Because of this the Hylands are able to help Angus release himself from his programming .	2
Venera then catches the page staring at the pictures of the dreadnought as they collect them off the floor .	3
He has created several installation , seminars and publications with the conceptual artist Per Hüttner : Begrepp - En samling and ( In ) Visible Dialogues .	5
WRRK-HD2 ( Bob 's B-Sides ) plays a set " mix " of songs with a repeat period of less than 24 hours .	4
He was applauded and ' pelted him with garlands and flowers ' .	2
The word " brogue " was first used to describe a form of outdoor , country walking shoe in the early twentieth century traditionally worn by men .	5
On April 16 , 2013 , the company accepted seed funding from international science publisher World Scientific Publishing Company to expand operations at its Singapore headquarters .	5
By contrast , a highly nonspherical solid , the hexahedron ( cube ) represents " earth " .	3
The Colts and Steelers would both make the playoffs in 1996 , with the Steelers defeating the Colts 42 – 14 in the Wild Card round .	5
It was described by Blanchard in 1851 .	0
" Silver Condor Award for Best Supporting Actor	0
In 1856 , it came to Vienna and in 1862 to Paris .	2
The officers of the Arvals ( " magister " and " flamen " ) held annual office from one Saturnalia ( December 17 ) to the next .	5
However , Griffin learns that Fanning was not present in Slipstream 's attack of Aerie .	2
In fact , only a few species of penguin actually live so far south .	2
" Simpsons " episode : " Bart of Darkness "	1
Around 2001 , a television campaign called " Let 's find the Yujiro of the 21st century ! "	3
Guy Denning was born in Somerset , England in October 1965 .	1
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature ( LPSN ) and National Center for Biotechnology Information ( NCBI )	5
While Pompey was marching on Jerusalem he was informed about the death of Mithridates .	2
On August 1 , 2008 , Yasuo Fukuda named Ota as the Minister of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries in the cabinet list .	4
Many viruses , such as the herpes virus , have the shape of a regular icosahedron .	3
It was the most important logistical command in Australian history .	1
Durum wheat is ground into semolina flour which is sorted by optical scanners and cleaned .	2
She is survived by her son .	0
Lorde has won one award .	0
The Flames also dealt Andreas Karlsson to the Thrashers in exchange for promises not to select certain unprotected players .	3
He ’ s worked on a variety of projects including animated movies , comedies , cartoons , drams to action / adventure movies .	4
Grand Forks was added to Hornbachers on October 8 , 2015 .	1
Kuyper was born in Amsterdam .	0
" Silver Condor Award for Best Foreign Film	0
Siah Dar ( ) may refer to :	0
All deities are regarded as the manifestations of a supreme universal God , so that Yngling theology may be defined as monistic .	4
In Quebec and New Brunswick universities :	0
A second song from the album , " The New Ground , " premiered in December 2014 on " PopMatters " .	4
He is credited with defining the city 's characteristic terraced setbacks and signature penthouses .	2
This location lies approximately , by road , northwest of Juba , the capital and largest city in that country .	4
On 13 October Guchkov travelled to Kislovodsk because of his health .	1
In 1956 Smythies ' interest shifted to Canadian stamps and postal history .	2
It was described by Fisher in 1932 .	0
Its main section connects Marseille to Aix-en-Provence and Durance valley to the north of Sisteron ( Saulce ) .	3
Three other hostages were injured by broken glass .	1
Neoptolemos was held by some to be brutal .	1
The reflectance and transmittance of the mirror is usually determined by the gain of the laser medium .	3
He followed with the feature-length " The Man They Couldn 't Hang : Babbacombe Lee " for the BBC with the folk-rock group Fairport Convention .	5
" Kind Of Blue : An Essay On Melancholia and Depression " , 1994 , 52 min – Telluride Film Festival selection , 1993 < br >	5
The tracks on " Merkin Ball " were recorded at the tail end of the " Mirror Ball " sessions in February 1995 .	4
MetaCyc includes mini reviews for pathways and enzymes that provide background information as well as relevant literature references .	3
The dogs are trained by volunteers , including highly screened female prisoners in an Illinois maximum security prison .	3
Title pun : " To Kill a Mockingbird "	1
1985 — BMI \ \ Country Song of the Year \ " Mama He 's Crazy "	3
Pompey was idealized as a tragic hero almost immediately after Pharsalus and his murder .	2
He was a founder of Henderson County when it was formed from Nacogdoches County in 1846 .	3
All the nickel in the silicate zone is leached downwards ( absolute nickel concentration ) from the overlying goethite zone .	4
He was Chief Conservator of the Forest of Nepal from 1940 through 1947 .	2
The youngest , Lysias , was more inclined to letters and became the main partner in his brother 's compositions .	4
Three of Holt 's matches were double-losses : those against le Hardy , Boin , and Seligman .	3
He is third child of Sh .	0
" The Independent " said the photography had " furious visual panache and ... ominous , often abstract beauty " .	4
During a heavy rainstorm , Marion stops for the night at the Bates Motel .	2
It is also amusing , exciting and wholesome , and is just the sort of story families should be encouraged to read . "	4
Following this incident , he gave the crown to the third son , Tigranes .	2
She and Anderson had one child , a daughter , Mary , but were separated at the time of her death on 2 November 1936 .	5
These all have icosahedral symmetry and may be obtained as stellations of the dodecahedron and the icosahedron .	3
A 2013 compilation of The Others discography benefited To Write Love on Her Arms , a suicide-prevention non-profit that is primarily supported though bands and musicians .	5
On 12 December 1912 he played against France in the Catalan XI 's first game against an international team .	3
The documentary shows Rubin progressing to typing without support .	1
Kupp was born in Yakima , Washington .	0
Scratchy likes the present but dies from his injuries .	1
Plutarch commented that Pompey " had scarcely grown a beard as yet . "	2
The appointment certainly was a significant matter .	0
" Psycho " has appeared on a number of lists by websites , television channels , and magazines .	3
Ortega died of a respiratory disorder , which added to kidney failure both results from a brain haemorrhage , in 2007 in San Pedro Sula .	5
Her portrait appeared on all denominations in the series .	1
Itchy shoves Scratchy into a cage with a grizzly bear .	1
He made Jerusalem a tributary of Rome and made Judea a satellite of Syria .	2
The per capita income for the city was $ 25,758 .	1
The Senate , however , increasingly opposed Saturninus ' measures .	1
She later became a novelist , and is credited with writing over a dozen spy novels in addition to her memoirs and short stories .	5
The song features Jagged Edge , Jermaine Dupri and Fundisha and samples " I 'm Not the One " by The Cars .	4
In a week as bad as this in the cinema , it is the only new movie I would have paid to see . "	5
João Gilberto himself said here and there that he had picked up his revolutionary guitar beat while watching Donato play the piano .	4
He also specialised in laying out and designing gardens .	1
Lorde has received one nomination .	0
Streaks can be across non-consecutive events	0
The design , whose title means ' seagull ' , evokes the lapping of waves and the flapping of birds ' wings . "	4
It is found in Australia .	0
The provider can also be used to extract items from a FeedSync feed and merge the changes back to the data store .	4
Cannan married Eileen Clair Ranken on 12 December 1911 .	1
After Watergate , he had a prison record and a strong faith .	2
In 1942 , he became the lead singer with one of the most popular bands of all Cuban / Afro-Cuban bands , the legendary Conjunto Sonora Matancera .	5
His Canadian assignments included Field Secretary and General Secretary of the General Board of Religious Education of the Church of England in Canada .	4
The first parechoviruses ( E22 and E23 ) were isolated in 1956 , and recognized as a new genus in 1996 .	4
The video portrays Lopez as an undercover FBI agent who surrenders her lover to the police and has regrets afterwards .	4
Not long afterwards the company adopted its parent company 's name of Blohm and Voss , by which it is chiefly remembered .	4
These students and schools show the progression of Gao as a martial artist .	2
The Ankeny boys soccer team is headed by coach Aaron Ruff .	1
Angele de Monnoir , afterwards entering the law faculty of McGill University , and graduating with the degree of B.C.L .	4
The Euclidean compounds of two hypercubic honeycombs are both regular and dual-regular .	2
on loan from FC Goa	0
This song was originally created for the P.E.T.A .	1
He also found the British tone similar to the films " Straw Dogs " and " Withnail and I " .	4
Males and females are similar sizes , and bigger males were more likely to be cannibalistic .	3
The games in Piraeus were held at Peace and Friendship Stadium , whilst in Patras at Dimitrios Tofalos Indoor Hall .	4
In exchange for providing equal rights to all brothers and castes , they conscripted nine people for war- including the young and elderly .	4
Not a single major OC figure has been punished by the Bulgarian law , though there are nominal on-going series of OC-related assassinations .	4
EMF is also used as a graphics language for printer drivers .	1
Robert Dalban ( born Gaston Barré ; 19 July 1903 in Celles-sur-Belle , Deux-Sèvres – 3 April 1987 in Paris ) was a French actor .	5
On the Rook , Griffin learns that the ship 's armorer , Aubri Mahallan , is from outside Virga .	3
In 1980 , MMI went public .	0
He eventually became Assistant , then Acting Director of that research facility in Tropical medicine , funded both by Congress and the Republic of Panamá .	5
In 1878 George Frederick Milnes of Liverpool , became Company Secretary and in 1886 purchased the factory and assets following the winding-up of the Company .	5
A printmaker by profession , d 'Arbeloff was an early theorist and practitioner of the bookwork or artist 's book .	4
There exist four regular polyhedra which are not convex , called Kepler – Poinsot polyhedra .	2
This far exceeded the anticipated range of Hardwicke , Quedgeley , Kingsway , Elmore , Haresfiled , Grange , Whaddon , Brookthorpe & Epney .	5
He is hostile toward suggestions to move from the past , such as with Marion 's suggestion to put	3
Wythoff 's kaleidoscope construction is a method for constructing polyhedra directly from their symmetry groups .	2
He became deputy chief of staff , operations , Air Training Command , with headquarters at Randolph Air Force Base , Texas , in April 1971 .	5
However , Rayer refused to apologise .	0
Drukker was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-third Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Robert Gunn Bremner .	4
Yrjö Olavi Samuli Kokko ( 16 October 1903 in Sortavala – 6 September 1977 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish veterinarian and writer .	4
The Gao style system is referred to as the Gao Yisheng branch of the Cheng Tinghua system of Baguazhang .	3
It was Green 's third consecutive gold record , after " Tired of Being Alone " and " Let 's Stay Together . "	4
In this year the festival attracted close to 5000 visitors , the maximum capacity of the hall .	3
On the Greens list : ( Greens-EFA )	0
Fisher lives in Topanga , California .	0
" ' The Stillness of Over ' has a triple meaning .	1
One of these injunctions was used in an unrelated trespassing case as precedent supporting the issuance of an injunction against a John Doe .	4
The first season of " Jem " aired between October 6 , 1985 and March 15 , 1987 as a first-run syndication in the United States .	5
Stouffer also drew a number of other comparisons , such as a castle on a lake , a receiving room and wooden doors .	4
Samford , as a person , may refer to :	1
Adaptations consist of : courtship displays , opportunistic mating tactics , and mate binding .	2
" Constitution of Uruguay of 1918	0
Meanwhile , manager Les McDowall exhorted his players to keep possession and make their opponents chase the ball .	3
He intended to wear him down and prepare for war should he rule against him .	2
While in school , his talent was recognized by Okakura Kakuzō who sent him to Nara to study classical paintings in the " Yamato-e " style .	5
" The Year of Yes " is a 2006 Finalist in The Books for a Better Life Award .	3
It was described by Bates in 1885 .	0
His replacement was Norman E. Thagard .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " The Day the Violence Died "	1
Clyde had started the game in illegal footwear and by the time they changed into legal footwear , the match started late and it finished in darkness .	5
In other areas , such as Apulia fresh pasta can be made without eggs .	2
He graduated in October 1948 and was assigned as a jet fighter pilot with the 56th Fighter-Interceptor Group , Selfridge Air Force Base , Mich .	5
He practiced hard and made a name for himself as a wrestler .	2
The senate disagreed and he dismissed the motion without coming to a resolution .	2
Jacob soon succumbs to the influence of the hallucinogenic mushrooms , and after several hours of digging he attacks Friend .	4
The rural district has 22 villages .	0
Fred Astaire has taken a spreadsheet-sized junk bond certificate from out of his briefcase and puts it folded into his inside pocket .	4
This story concerns Seamus and Eileen , an enchanted teapot and the little grey donkey , Long Ears .	3
Similar units were developed by South Africa , such as the Casspir .	2
Eunice van der Berg , a daughter of the author , was in charge of the whole process of revitalizing the book .	4
It was described by Perty in 1832 .	0
In 2016 , Tang starred in Korean-Chinese production " Bounty Hunters " alongside Korean actor Lee Min-ho and Wallace Chung .	4
This use rate dropped to only 136 times per day by October 2010 , for a total of 20,700 trips , with nearly 650 subscribers .	5
Water was also scarce because Caesar had cut off the local streams .	2
In the middle of the night Reed would call Lofgren and dictate lyrics over the phone .	3
The film was released on 2013 on multiple platforms simultaneously , including cinemas , home media and video on demand .	4
Stephen Weigh ( born 28 February 1987 ) is an Australian former professional basketball player who spent 10 seasons in the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .	5
Rashidan District is a new district in Afghanistan ; it was created from the larger Jaghatu district .	3
The guest analyst was Yaumitsu Satō 9d .	0
The constants " φ " and " ξ " in the above are given by	2
Most of the original village was flooded by the Gorky Reservoir after the construction of Gorky Hydroelectric Station in 1955 .	4
The 1995 World Cup was hosted and won by South Africa .	1
The pair experimented with camera tests before filming " A Field in England " and committed to the " unfussy " style .	4
The dough is then ready to be shaped into different types of pasta .	2
His innovation and impact on Bagua as a fighting art cannot be underestimated .	2
Free-speech activist Richard Stallman posted a statement on his blog calling for a boycott until the publisher issued an apology .	4
Corporate Ghost is a Sonic Youth DVD released by DGC in 2004 .	2
This compilation featured songs spanning the entire career of Lucid Nation .	1
He gave some of his daughters in marriage to the more powerful Scythian princes .	2
Village has a hot summer , scanty rainfall , a chilly winter season and a general dryness of the air , except in the brief monsoon season .	5
The Philippine defense continued until the final surrender of U.S.-Philippine forces on the Bataan Peninsula in April 1942 and on Corregidor in May .	4
The earth by this time is populated by doomsday people , mutants as a result of the nuclear exchanges .	3
As such , it won all 153 seats in the People 's National Assembly , with a voter turnout of 93.64 % .	4
It elected Harkins , who belonged to the same clan and was a nephew of LeFlore through his mother .	3
Yes , we were always a very topical band . ”	1
Also , he served as non executive Chairman of the energy technology business Agni Inc from 2008 until February 2009 .	4
Prior to this , the Bunnaloo Cricket Club operated from the Bunnaloo Recreation Reserve .	2
A number of myths have circulated regarding Canadian banknotes .	1
When he was a little over 10 years , he went into the woods in the area , where loggers taught him mastery of weapons .	5
The publication of her memoir was prompted by the visit of an English author who encouraged Marthe to write and publish details of her wartime experiences .	5
His professional acting career began in 1948 when he went to New York City , auditioned and landed a job in a children 's touring company .	5
Immacolata may also refer to :	0
He was the eleventh of fifteen children born to Polly ( Lovell ) and Jonathan Blanchard , Sr .	3
Notable people with the surname include :	0
Inside is a central hall , a lecture theatre , a library , a museum , and meeting rooms , all lit from above by glazed domes .	5
They make use of bamboo-scrub habitat which is made up of different types of shrubs , savanna grasses , bamboo , and open areas with no vegetation .	5
It offers a curriculum for students in grades 9-12 .	1
His other business activities include serving as CEO of Ogden Newspapers Inc. and owner of Seven Springs Mountain Resort .	3
Thus a corresponding connection may exist between the four music manuscripts and musical activities of the English court . "	3
Itchy replaces the duck 's phone with dynamite , killing it .	1
Rudolf won the Hungarian National Championship I 2008 – 09 season after beating their provincial rivals Diósgyőri VTK 3 – 2 away .	4
and the international version of " High Voltage " .	1
The chain 's third water park was located in Chula Vista .	1
The Dulgubnii are a Germanic tribe mentioned in Tacitus ' " Germania " ( Chapter ) as living in what is today northwest Germany .	5
The church is described by scholar Kaarina Aitamurto as having a well-defined doctrine , an authoritative leadership , and focusing on esoteric teachings .	4
Each grade is separated by 10 % .	0
Her story " Some Gods of El Paso " , a Tor.com Original , was published in October 2015 .	3
The film was ultimately developed and financed by Film4.0 , a division of Film4 that serves as an innovation hub .	4
Some sources ( such as Proclus ) credit Pythagoras with their discovery .	2
In 1945 , it became part of the Socialist Autonomous Province of Vojvodina within the Socialist Republic of Serbia and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .	5
Boris Krivokapić ( born November 16 , 1958 ) was born in Belgrade , Serbia .	2
Liban is also a common Somali given name and surname .	1
There has been speculation that they may represent van Eyck and an assistant , after the pattern of his Arnolfini Portrait .	4
These include emulsion polymerization , solution polymerization , suspension polymerization , and precipitation polymerization .	2
Becher 's idea was that combustible substances contain an ignitable matter , the " terra pinguis . "	3
In November 1952 he returned to the United States and went to Langley Air Force Base , Va . , where he was assistant base operations officer .	5
He is the holder of the Rev .	0
Scratchy panics and lands in a bloody mess .	1
Marshall came back from a 20-0 halftime deficit to win 34-30 , their fourth straight conference title ( 1 Southern , 3 Mid-American Conference ) .	5
" 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup	0
Farther in , it has a very brief concurrency with US 19 Business / US 82 Business / SR 520 Business .	4
The ground floor windows are conspicuously small and square compared with the tall and rectangular windows on the first floor .	4
As with the previous CSI games , there are five cases to work on .	2
For surface running , the boats were powered by two 12-cylinder Vickers diesel engines , each driving one propeller shaft .	4
They also published Valkyrie Quarterly magazine and distribute miniature figurines for wargaming and role-playing .	2
In the end Shelton edited the film herself .	1
The children meet a leprechaun , a golden eagle , the Salmon of Knowledge and Finn on their adventure .	3
Claudius Marcellus Minor proposed sending someone to assume command of Caesar 's army .	2
The drawings and posters come from the private collection of Jordi Clos , president of the hotel chain owner ( Derby Hotels Collection ) .	5
The road continues as The Trace .	0
The hamlet was first referred to as " Pławowicze " according to the earliest documentation found in the 13th century .	4
The statement of grounds must be in English , French or German .	2
If a rename operation caused the files to get the same name , both are retained by renaming one of them .	4
Cervical cancer 5-year survival rate	0
Anil Kumar , who was introduced as a script writer makes his debut at the direction and also scripts the screenplay along with dialogues .	5
Following in third place was the Congolese Labor Party ( PCT ) , which had been the ruling party during single-party rule .	4
In mathematics , the concept of symmetry is studied with the notion of a mathematical group .	3
Patricia Lynch ( c . 1894 – 1972 ) was an Irish children 's writer and a journalist .	3
Samford , as a place , may refer to :	1
On 4 June 2018 , Kalinić was named in Croatia 's 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia .	4
Patty almost escapes but is caught when she phoned Diane and got told to come to the UNITE centre .	3
On Ragnarök the visitors received bracelets differently colored for people over and under the legal age of 18 years .	3
Ota also participated in changes in the Commercial Law in the late 1990s and realignment of government ministries and agencies in 2001 .	4
Generally , it was expected that families would provide for their members and solutions were to be sought within the family .	4
After graduation , Candela worked briefly as a draftsman for the Palermo-born Italian-American architect , Gaetan Ajello .	3
On his return to Uruguay he served as parish priest of the Cathedral of Florida until 1939 , when he became secretary of Bishop Miguel Paternain .	5
The flowers are green to yellow .	0
Large numbers of fossils appear to originate from the tops of freshwater lakes , further supporting the water feeding connection .	4
It also has a 9-blade aperture instead of the 8 blades of the Mark I .	2
This behavior is often seen in sexually cannibalistic spiders , causing them to exhibit the " eunuch phenomenon " .	3
It is set in the 1880s .	0
This is a list of members of the Sicilian Mafia born in Sicily and the united states .	3
No date has been scheduled as yet , only a by-pass for Port-de-Bouc which is currently being evaluated .	3
Sync Services includes an embedded SQL Server Compact database to store metadata about the synchronization relationships as well as about each sync attempt .	4
Gruman was a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Council on Foreign Relations .	3
Some of them are given in the chart below .	1
She had a casting vote on the board which decided to sell the property to Heinz to become the site for food preserving .	4
All this is aligned along a single axis and designed to lead the spiritual person upward and closer to the mountain which is considered sacred .	5
These courses last 9 months .	0
Bloomsbury CEO Nigel Newton said , " [ They have ] unleashed a very disingenuous , self-interested attack on us .	4
The other important Tier 1 database is HumanCyc which contains around 300 metabolic pathways found in humans .	3
In 1929 , he pushed Pathé into sound film .	1
He is foremost known as the creator of the character Karaoğlan .	1
He would never have given Don Revie the room to run the match . "	2
He is remarried to Jane Woodman .	0
The Purus River or Rio Purús is a tributary of the Amazon River in South America .	3
The teacher was arrested on November 9 , 2018 .	1
The Carnegie History Center dissolved into the Smith County Historical Society in the 1990s , and the Society maintains all museum exhibits and artifacts .	5
For surface running , the boats were powered by two 12-cylinder Vickers diesel engines , each driving one propeller shaft .	4
Ragnarök Festival is a pagan metal festival held annually in Germany since 2004 founded by Ivo Raab .	3
Once the door was barricaded , the area was abandoned .	1
It was released on 4 September 2015 .	0
Durrant also likes to include his striking interpretations of music by J.S .	2
The Constitution therefore is the fundamental law of the United States .	1
London Country South West ( LCSW ) was a bus operator in South East England and London .	3
From 1 June at the office located in Elvegaten 23 you can also book your bike and explore the landscape alone or with expert guides .	5
Four months after a patent application is posted the most relevant prior art is provided to the patent examiner .	3
Since any edge joins two vertices and has two adjacent faces we must have :	2
Rescigno has been described as " a conductor to treasure " and " a conductor 's conductor . "	3
" Silver Condor Award for Best Ibero-American Film	0
They had one son , Peter .	0
An avid gastronome and oenophile , Rescigno also can often be found in the kitchen and at wine auctions .	3
Up until 2003 , about 44 states allowed some kind of residency requirement for registration .	2
In October , Company A transferred to Pocahontas , Tennessee to guard a bridge along the Memphis-Corinth military railroad , returning to Corinth during the month .	5
The HR serves to restrict the growth and spread of pathogens to other parts of the plant .	3
" [ It ] isn 't so much a movie as a movielike infomercial for the kinder , gentler NFL ...	4
Group C of the 1993 Federation Cup Europe / Africa Zone was one of five pools in the Europe / Africa zone of the 1993 Federation Cup .	5
The WIIU was criticized for focusing more on propaganda than on organizing workers .	2
The drive element of a pulley system can be a rope , cable , belt , or chain .	3
In 2013 , Cadigan announced that she had been diagnosed with cancer .	2
Kachura ( ) is a gender-neutral Slavic surname that may refer to	1
With his now-restored seventh pick , Sonny appeases Penn and Molina by selecting skilled running back Ray Jennings of Florida State .	4
Her book , " Disenchantment : George Steiner and the Meaning of Western Civilization After Auschwitz " , is an intellectual biography of the literary critic .	5
Ana Torrent plays the lead character , Ana .	1
A new pilot started on October 25 , 2010 , and will continue until September 30 , 2011 .	3
It is located near Marquette 's Haggerty Museum of Art , but used to be the centerpiece of the west courtyard of the Alumni Memorial Union .	5
Dean was among those selected .	0
In 1970 he was elected president of the SBE and , endowed with a lively intelligence , great sense of organization and a prodigious memory , he	5
For surface running , the boats were powered by two 12-cylinder Vickers diesel engines , each driving one propeller shaft .	4
Pyrrhus or Pyrrhos or Pyrros ( ) may refer to :	1
Upon assuming office one of his first acts was to propose a plan for young military physicians to follow one of three pathways after completing their internship :	5
Kowalski did manage to get a shot in on Blaze .	1
Given he has the confidence of the assembly , the chief minister 's term is for five years ; the office is subject to no term limits .	5
It is logical to assume that , directly or indirectly , that was also the model for Harry Potter 's sacrifice . "	4
Oscar Wilde alludes to Imogen in " The Picture of Dorian Gray " when Dorian describes Sibyl Vane , the actress he is infatuated with .	5
Dunbar was a charitable man .	0
In doing so , they began to secretly promote Christianity through the lands .	2
He joined British oil firm BP in 1977 , ultimately becoming Group Vice-President for Strategy and Policy Development from 2002 to 2006 .	4
Hettie received the Biggs Award .	0
" Department of Services and Property	0
By now , Saints were carving Canterbury up with Morris , on his 20-metre line , putting Graeme Wynn into a gap .	4
184 and 185 were reserved , the resultant type so becoming the Type 184 .	2
He instructs Dios to tell Donner to kill Angus and Milos should anything go wrong .	2
Both were captured and spent approximately the next two decades in Chinese prisons before release .	2
He served in the United States Navy .	0
Two copperplate grants found from Barwani and the Bagh Caves are issued by a ruler , Subandhu , whose capital was Mahishmati .	4
Suchman is also affiliated with numerous academic institutions .	1
It belongs to the general category .	0
In the 1950s , the Naga National Council led a violent unsuccessful insurgency against the Government of India , demanding a separate country for the Nagas .	5
He 's going to be a great player some day .	1
Magliocco also saw herself as an insider because she allowed herself to experience the altered states of consciousness that contemporary Pagan rituals are reported to induce .	5
In the early 1980s , a new Bunnaloo Hall was built as part of the Bunnaloo Recreation Reserve .	3
They are strong , acrobatic fliers .	0
Thomas James Caulfield was born to Madeleine " Sue " Caulfield ( née Joyner ) and Thomas Caulfield in Redding , California .	4
Such behavior may drive away potential mates , reducing chances of mating .	2
Starting in 1941 , Candela taught a class on cryptography and cryptanalytics at Hunter College in New York .	3
The chain 's second water park was located in Palm Springs .	1
The college offers a five-year cooperative liberal arts and engineering program .	1
He plays as a .	0
The people on Pompey 's ship could see this and , horrified , fled .	2
Lofgren watched a football game at Reed 's Greenwich Village apartment and the two struck up a friendship .	3
Pyridine is harmful if inhaled , swallowed or absorbed through the skin .	2
The wingspan is about 12 mm .	0
Hongzhi 's conception of " silent illumination " is of particular importance to the Chinese Caodong Chan and Japanese Sōtō Zen schools .	4
He even brought a Moviola on the set to gauge the footage required .	2
The Allegheny Mountains ( ) are a small group of mountains west of the Clark Mountains in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land .	5
In his preface , Marvin says that upon reviewing this volume , he discovered that some titles were omitted , and that some dates were erroneous .	5
An important feature of many communities of interoperability based on a common protocol stacks is a spanning layer .	3
They are killed by Itchy and his son with a combine .	1
2013-14 Digicel Play Provo Premier League Champions	0
It was described by Bates in 1892 .	0
In 1922 , his parents sent him to San Francisco where he took classes in painting and worked at a studio used by various painters .	5
Bridges was a faculty member there early in his career .	1
Its drainage basin is , and the mean discharge is 8,400 m ³ / s .	2
The following table lists the various symmetry properties of the Platonic solids .	2
Unreacted monomer can be removed from unexposed regions , leaving a relief polymeric image .	2
MIMEDefang 's Perl filter uses a pre-forked process model , similar to the traditional Apache Web server multi-processing model .	3
They lived at Parkmount , Greencastle , County Antrim ( which he had purchased from the McNeills ) and at Mullaghmore House , County Monaghan .	5
He was the first manager from either Spain or Catalonia to take charge of the club .	3
In 1969 , Rescigno received his master 's degree in piano from the Manhattan School of Music .	3
The 1999 – 2000 Calgary Flames season was the 20th National Hockey League season in Calgary .	3
The season produced twenty-three tropical depressions .	0
The match itself attracted a television audience of five million , a high figure for the period .	3
The rural district has 23 villages .	0
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 8 : 30pm to 9 : 30pm , Monday to Friday on TVB .	4
Biletsky is called the White Leader . "	0
He eventually returned to California and took up residence in Altadena while serving as a shipyard draftsman in Wilmington .	3
EFG created and analyzed privatization plans for the Egyptian government for several years .	2
In 1935 , Charles of the Ritz launched the highly successful Jean Naté line of body splashes and fragrance .	3
In 1972 , Richard B. Salomon retired , and the company was acquired by pharmaceutical company E.R .	3
He was followed by general manager by Simon Joinson , who took on the role in 2010 .	3
The factory began operation in 1935 , license-building the Dornier Do 23 , the first of which flew in December 1935 .	4
Anne was charged with adultery and high treason , and on 19 May 1536 was beheaded at Tower Green .	3
In 2017 , Tang starred alongside Nicholas Tse and Jung Yong-hwa in the comedy film " Cook Up a Storm " .	4
Every Day is a New Life is an album by Arto Tunçboyacıyan released in 2000 under the Living Music label .	4
The pyridine ligand replaced during the reaction is restored after its completion .	2
Australian Glenn McGrath dominates the individual bowling records , having featured for his country in four World Cups .	3
During her eight years with the show , she became the first and only Japanese American of the era to achieve national prominence in theatrical costume design .	5
Russell commissioned an unknown architect to build a large townhome in the then popular Federal-style .	2
Weigh attended the Australian Institute of Sport ( AIS ) from 2005 to 2006 where he was coached by his future Adelaide 36ers coach Marty Clarke .	5
From 1965 to 1968 seasons were overlapping each other .	1
The younger Tregian was sent to France sometime between 1582 and 1586 .	2
EFG-Hermes Brokerage UAE has branches in Dubai , Abu Dhabi , Ras Al Khaimah and Al Ain .	3
His star continued to rise .	0
Pompey learnt of this and invaded his territory , catching him unawares .	2
The Eurovision Song Contest 2006 took place at the O.A.C.A .	1
It provides for comprehensive protection of the Antarctic environment and dependent and associated ecosystems .	2
This allowed people to store pasta on ships when exploring the New World .	2
4 on the IRMA charts , No .	0
It is found in Taiwan .	0
Like its parent organization , Christian Embassy describes itself as non-political and interdenominational .	2
When the Children , Young Persons and Their Families Act 1989 was introduced it was seen to be world-leading child welfare legislation .	4
Dual pairs of polyhedra have their configuration matrices rotated 180 degrees from each other .	2
He attended Alderson-Broaddus College at Philippi , W.Va. , and graduated from the University of Maryland with a bachelor of science degree in 1959 .	5
The name Undeloh means something like " grove by the head of a stream " ( " Quellhain " ) .	4
The HR is characterized by the rapid death of cells in the local region surrounding an infection .	3
The film titled " Bharathan " is the second venture by the director Anil Das who debuted by " Sargavasantham " in 1995 .	4
The pageant was held in London , United Kingdom .	1
The battle ended in Polish victory .	0
2 , and charted for 28 weeks .	0
Sometime during this war Marius participated in the Trial of Trebonius .	1
Adithya Srinivasan is an Indian singer-songwriter .	0
P = Number of games played	0
When the war came , he worked for the OSS — the forerunner of the CIA .	3
Shots were once again fired at the store 's security cameras .	1
For a linearly-polarized antenna , this is the plane containing the electric field vector ( sometimes called the E aperture ) and the direction of maximum radiation .	5
Further down , it forms the west boundary of the Purus National Forest , created in 1988 .	3
" List of Marshallese records in swimming	0
Alan Kelly was elected as deputy leader .	0
CUT = missed the half-way cut < br >	1
Then , he invested in agricultural societies , being the most prominent San Vicente Agricultural Company in Los Andes , and Agricultural Society Rupanco Ñuble .	5
However , at the ( 7 : 35 ) point , quarterback Tannehill was intercepted by Johnathan Joseph at the 50-yard line for 36 yards .	5
It is a traffic circle .	0
Maine 's 6th congressional district is a former congressional district in Maine .	2
Next they recruited guitarists John Connolly , the former drummer of the band Peacedog , and Lee Banks to form Rumblefish .	4
The film 's producers partnered with a religious public-relations expert to promote the film in the Christian community nationwide .	3
In the 14th and 15th centuries , dried pasta became popular for its easy storage .	2
Colson , played by Dean Jones , pleads guilty to Watergate-related charges and is sent to prison .	3
Other musical efforts include scoring for TV commercials , short movies and feature films .	2
He was eldest son of Sir Edward John Poynter ( 1836 – 1919 ) , and grandson of architect Ambrose Poynter ( 1796 – 1886 ) .	5
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature ( LPSN ) and National Center for Biotechnology Information ( NCBI )	5
" Simpsons " episode : " Marge in Chains "	1
It was described by Schaeffer in 1908 .	0
It was later sold to Christopher Murray and its studio was relocated to Macon where it shares studios with WFXM-FM .	4
One effect of this lack of control is a high degree of branching .	2
Locally abundant , it is common from Sri Lanka to Maharashtra .	1
As rules are changed , something that was once acceptable may now be punished and vice versa .	3
Second half goals from Jack Dyson and Bobby Johnstone gave Manchester City a 3 – 1 victory .	3
It was also well received in Warner Robins , Cochran , Hawkinsville , Montezuma , Perry and other areas further north of Cordele .	4
It operates at 5,000 watts with separate daytime and nighttime transmitter sites .	2
She lives in South London .	0
It is a registered charity , and hosts the Mersey branches of the Royal College of Physicians and Royal College of General Practitioners of Great Britain .	5
They were used for many purposes , from live performance to performance halls , school theatres and by piano teachers .	4
Furthermore , the authors interpret this as evidence that the common ancestor of both saurischian lineages was more theropod-like than prosauropod-like .	4
Younes explained that Maddy is making amends for her behaviour towards Casey when a four-wheel-drive hits them and sends the car careering off the road .	5
While the Pride had played in Memorial Coliseum , the Pythons held their home games in the Rose Garden Arena .	4
Victoria defeated New South Wales 6-1 and became the first team to win the interstate championship in Australia and the first to be awarded the Goodall Cup .	5
While the current mission statement does not include the performance of stability and reconstruction operations , Veterinary Corps personnel are involved in these missions .	5
In waveguide systems , as in the electric circuits , it is often desirable to be able to split the circuit power into two or more fractions .	5
Hand-held compasses are used by the students to take 3 bearings on local landmarks .	2
" Simpsons " episode : " Bart the Murderer "	1
After Oviedo , Albornoz continued to Madrid where he was influenced by Francisco Giner de los Ríos and the " Institución Libre de Enseñanza . "	5
The varieties intergrade with each other and they can hybridize with each other and with other " Atriplex " such as " Atriplex corrugata " .	5
William Townsend Aiton FRHS FLS ( 2 February 1766 – 9 October 1849 ) was an English botanist .	3
In this character they have a negative on the laws .	1
The two contentious FA rules were as follows :	1
" 2014 Canadian Junior Curling Championships	0
One day Pompey drew up his men further from the rampart of his camp .	2
He almost celebrated his first triple crown trophy with his teammate Gerbault but fell short in the doubles final against Rocksavage-Cochet .	4
The type was used for a number of experiments by the Port Victoria Marine Experimental Aircraft Depot .	3
Two candidates contested the leadership election :	0
Nerul 's water pond is a water pond situated in Nerul , Navi Mumbai , at sector-18 opposite to sector-20 on Jai Bhavani road .	5
If the definition of a uniform polyhedron is generalised they are uniform .	2
Trebellius tried to speak against the bill , but was not allowed to speak .	2
It was then performed by Gene Kelly and Oscar Levant in Minnelli 's 1951 film " An American in Paris " .	4
In December 1981 he signed a five-year contract with Greek first division club Panionios , but he stayed only half season , till June 1982 .	5
In a similar note , Emanuel Derman expressed his disillusion with the enormous supply of empirical models unsupported by theory .	4
MacCarthy declined to attend and received over 300 letters of support , many from Roman Catholics .	3
Neos or NEOS may refer to :	0
A new indoor arena would be built near Nadderudhallen ; the road which leads to Nadderudhallen would in that case disappear .	4
It boasts a Spanish tile roof and a massive plank wood arched front double door .	2
The High Court circumvented the application , claiming that it could not make such a judgment until the case went to trial .	4
He suggested they should call themselves after Corinthians .	1
Penguins ( order Sphenisciformes , family Spheniscidae ) are a group of aquatic flightless birds .	2
In 1996 joined the Department of Archaeology at the University of Uppsala as a research scholar , beginning full-time work there the following year .	5
Mattlock has collaborated with numerous artists like Keith Barrow , Shirley Caesar , Rick James , Eddie Kendricks , Bobby Taylor , Norman Whitfield and The Originals .	5
" Kiss Me Hello " was produced by Mark Schatz , with Andreassen on guitar , vocals , and foot percussion .	4
In 1975 , Hornbacher 's was acquired by SuperValu Inc .	1
Further examination in 1980 resulted in placement as Aves " incertae sedis " .	2
In bioinformatics EcoCyc is a biological database for the bacterium Escherichia coli K-12 .	2
In 1997 , he founded the neomodern group .	1
By setting the recommended retail price at this level can only be seen as blatant profiteering on their part . "	4
Of the 42 , 36 are located in metropolitan Sydney .	1
In 1945 , Donato senior was transferred and the family had to leave Rio Branco heading to Rio de Janeiro .	4
He committed first to play for the University of Michigan Wolverines .	1
It is found in Peru .	0
Another series of hers is the " Brogeen " series , a fantasy children 's book series .	3
A purely topological proof can be made using only combinatorial information about the solids .	2
In the first half of the 20th century the breed was extensively crossed with Dutch black and white cattle to boost milk production .	4
He is remembered by a named professorship in his honor ( the Hans W. Gatzke ' 38 Professor of Modern European History ) at Williams College .	5
He was professional from 1989 to 1998 .	0
It was released as a single and charted internationally .	1
It was first flown in 1915 and remained in service until after the armistice in 1918 .	3
Troops are massacred at a Furnace Creek fort in 1880 after an army captain , Walsh , cites orders forcing him to abandon a wagon train .	5
Although wounded in the encounter , he refused evacuation .	1
The main athletic center is the Robert S. Carey Student Center .	1
Scout cars are either unarmed or lightly armed for self-defense and do not carry large caliber weapons systems .	3
Here grapes are limited to a yield of 10 tonnes / ha with the finished wines have an alcohol level of at least 12 % .	5
Suspicious about her skittish behavior , he follows her as she drives away .	2
Gametangia are haploid multinuclear cells equivalent to gametes .	1
The languages taught at NPC are Arabic , English , and French .	2
Meinong District ( WG : Meinung , Hakka : 瀰濃 Mî-nùng , ) is a Hakka district in Kaohsiung , Taiwan .	4
" Allis Vivere " led to Nandino meeting " Los Contemporáneos " ( " The Contemporaries " in Spanish ) , a Mexican modernist group of poets .	5
If the number of away goals was equal in both games , the match was decided by extra time and a penalty shootout , if necessary .	5
In many species that exhibit sexual cannibalism , the female consumes the male upon detection .	2
She was godmother to Princess Mary , and attended the Princess during a visit to France in 1520 .	3
He died at Eastborne , Wellington , on 3 April 1964 .	1
He was also a boxing promoter , referee , and an Alderman at Cessnock , New South Wales .	3
Milos becomes furious and begins to distrust his orders , the UMCP and Angus .	2
The documentary features Naomi Klein and others .	0
She was awarded Alexander Graham Bell Scholarship for studious deaf student for 6 years during her primary and secondary education .	4
Zizzari was signed by fellow Serie B club Reggina in another co-ownership deal on 16 July 2010 , for € 400,000 , rejoining Ravenna coach Gianluca Atzori .	5
Spc110 localizes to the central plaque and is thought to bind to Spc29p and calmodulin ( Cmd1p ) .	3
Following the Civil War , Blanchard focused on fighting secret societies through his National Christian Association .	3
On Allen 's death in 1594 Tregian appears to have gone to Brussels .	2
The rest of the outlaws occupy the saloon and begin causing trouble .	2
Zamenabad ( ) may refer to :	0
Although uncredited , there is also an alternate remix version used in the video which has an approximate playing time of 4 minutes .	4
Gewalt drew his design inspiration from the lodge building and from Welton Becket 's design for the Canyon Village Lodge at Yellowstone National Park .	5
Following the SEABL season , he moved to the United States where he joined the Utah Utes men 's basketball team for the 2006 – 07 season .	5
It excluded Southern teams , who were still strictly amateur .	1
Loo 's library is available to scholars .	0
Frankland was born in Battle , Sussex , England , to a " comfortably off " family , his mother 's maiden name is West .	5
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature ( LPSN ) and National Center for Biotechnology Information ( NCBI )	5
SV Schwarz-Rot Neustadt is a German football club based in Neustadt ( Dosse ) , Brandenburg , currently playing in the Landesliga Brandenburg-Nord ( VII ) .	5
Also known as Miloš Pajević , he was a pioneer in Montenegrin football .	2
The elements of a polyhedron can be expressed in a configuration matrix .	2
The Holden Efijy is an Australian concept car made by Holden and inspired by the Australian-built 1953 Holden FJ .	3
Eien is a Japanese era name .	0
Hongzhi was also the author of the " Book of Equanimity " , an important collection of " kōan " s	4
It is found on Sumatra .	0
In 1989 , the airport coach operations at Crawley and Staines had been split off as Speedlink Airport Services .	3
The novel depicts England before the Second World War , the rise of Nazism and the world of film-making .	3
The tortoise has a restricted distribution , likely a result of past collection for food , the expansion of agriculture , and accompanying fires .	5
17 on the Billboard 200 .	0
" Love Alone Is Worth the Fight	0
It is found on Java .	0
Leigh asserted , " no other murder mystery in the history of the movies has inspired such merchandising . "	3
This stress response indirectly improves the antioxidant capacity of the cell .	1
The cantata has 10 movements .	0
Almeda University was founded in 1997 as a distance learning program .	1
Pompey entrenched a camp near this spot to gain land for fodder .	2
To overcome this obstacle , some states offer absentee ballots and voting through mail .	2
Cathryn H. Clayton , the author of " " , wrote that compared to most schools in Macau , the Liceu 's class sizes were small .	5
That is my true gender . "	0
Courses in Russian are presented on request .	0
Throughout 1986 and 1987 , Grainger worked with Roger Daltrey , with UK TV appearances on " Number 73 " and " Saturday Live " .	5
In total the teams had participated in 14 finals between them .	1
A Good Day to Die Hard is a 2013 American action thriller film and the fifth installment in the " Die Hard " film series .	5
The school is a member of the Northeast Iowa Conference .	1
Maope served as Minister of Justice until he was named Minister of Foreign Affairs in a cabinet reshuffle on July 20 , 1995 .	4
He was promoted to the temporary grade of brigadier general effective Oct. 1 , 1968 , with date of rank July 8 , 1968 .	5
During her childhood , Helene remembered being ' mothered by nine different nurses , ' and hated feeling dependent on her [ mother ] .	5
The caudal fin is forked .	0
In the " Inside Soap Yearbook 2012 " , the arrival of the River Boys was included in their " best bits " of March 2011 .	5
Kar1p is also involved in connecting the half-bridge to the core SPB via its interaction with Bbp1p .	3
" Mrs. Smith Goes to Washington	0
In addition , it was the No .	0
In 2005 he moved again re-joining Doncaster before seemingly settling at Swinton Lions where he was player of the year in 2006 .	4
His children by the concubines were :	0
Just before half time , " Lord Ted " scored a miraculous try when he burst through and chipped ahead from halfway .	4
In August 1916 the word revolution was on everybody 's lips .	1
The city of Pilsen began brewing in 1295 , but until the mid-1840s , most Bohemian beers were top-fermented .	3
Chakravartty died on 27 June 1998 .	0
Title pun : " House of Pain / This Old House "	1
Pompey let them cross the river Cyrnus and then attacked them and routed them .	2
Palo went on to win the tournament .	0
They used their company to imports regulation balls , referees whistles , and nets from England .	3
In October , Tony Pulis was put on gardening leave ( and sacked not long afterwards ) due to a poor relationship with Mandaric .	5
Eggs are laid on lily plants .	0
Across its ceiling are three broad rough hewn trusses acting to support the gabled ceiling .	2
1973 — CMA \ \ Song of the Year \ " Behind Closed Doors "	2
Austin died in 1998 of natural causes ( brought on by alcoholism ) in his St Ives , New South Wales mansion .	4
[ 15 ] Plans for the expansion of the airport have been now completed and are to be submitted to the council for approval in summer 2008 .	5
The Rescue Rangers having to rescue their partner Monterey Jack , who is caught in a mousetrap in Professor Norton Nimnul 's castle .	4
Pyridine itself is a relatively weak ligand in forming complexes with transition metal ions .	2
Cassius Dio wrote that these operations caused greater distress for Rome 's allies .	2
Lorde has received five nominations .	0
She also played softball for the A-1 Queens in Phoenix , Arizona in 1953 , before entering the AAGPBL with the Fort Wayne Daisies in 1954 .	5
It is painted in a “ Soprano Purple ” paint color and features bright work handmade from billet aluminum .	3
In 1946 , the United States Marine Corps reactivated Headquarters Co . 16th Infantry Battalion for training and ordered them to Heslar .	4
A woman is repeatedly stabbed in her house and lives , but doesn 't know who hurt her .	3
He was named " Président directeur général , " ( CEO ) of Antenne 2 in 1985 , and the CEO of Métropole Télévision in 1987 .	5
They have long , broad wings .	0
" A Friend So Lovely as You	0
Phlogiston permeating everything in the universe , it could be released as heat when combined with acid .	3
He was a JP for County Antrim , appointed High Sheriff of Belfast in 1903 and knighted the same year during a visit by King Edward VII .	5
While Scratchy is burning Itchy drives off with the prostitute .	1
He signed a contract with Málaga CF in the Spanish La Liga championship in the summer 2009 .	3
Madhubani Bihar on 1st August 1979 .	0
The protocol stack or network stack is an implementation of a computer networking protocol suite or protocol family .	3
Sir Syed College , Taliparamba is affiliated to the Kannur University .	1
After her death in 1849 , he married Elizabeth Holland in 1851 .	2
Fresh pasta for cavatelli is also popular in other places including Sicily .	2
Human parechoviruses may cause gastrointestinal or respiratory illness in infants , and have been implicated in cases of myocarditis and encephalitis .	4
That night , the two steal a car full of firearms and drive to Pripyat , Ukraine , where the vault with the file is located .	5
Harkai was a member of The Pilgrims a popular Cleveland rock band in the early to mid-1960s , prior to joining The Starfires .	4
The track gauge is and operates year-round .	0
The MetaCyc database is one of the largest metabolic pathways and enzymes databases currently available .	2
At one time it was a Conservative Club , before being converted back to private houses , with smaller mews houses behind , in the 1970s .	5
Now Sunderland found out how hard it is to score against this terrific defence of ours .	3
FADH and FADH are reduced forms of FAD .	1
In the MERO system , Platonic solids are used for naming convention of various space frame configurations .	3
Particle radiation is the radiation of energy by means of fast-moving subatomic particles .	2
By the mid-1990s , the strength of the Army 's MC had risen to about 5,400 active duty officers , but cutbacks soon ensued .	5
The minesweeper sailed from San Pedro on 9 November for Hawaii and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 18 November 1944 .	4
The population estimate for the angonoka tortoise in the wild is about 600 individuals , ranging from 440 to 770 , but is still decreasing .	5
The interplane struts were steel tubing with wood fairings to produce a streamline section .	2
Does he fall to their bullets ?	0
With electrophiles , electrophilic substitution takes place where pyridine expresses aromatic properties .	2
Dried pastas made under this category must be labeled according to the subcategory .	2
By 2013 the Voodoo name was no longer used , and was replaced by the brand name Omen , which uses the same logo .	5
Harkins was born into a high-status Choctaw clan through his mother , Louisa " Lusony " LeFlore .	3
They agreed to use the Moscow – Washington hotline , which was upgraded at the same time , for any communications .	4
The Sicilian cities had been treated harshly by Perpenna and Pompey treated them with kindness .	2
Blanchard wanted the church to be known for its opposition to slavery , secret societies , and alcohol use .	3
The other rivalry worth mentioning was with FC Karpaty Lviv .	1
Certain voters are likely to refrain from elections in comparison to others because of politicians .	2
A further 11 submarines of an improved class , Project 949A ( Antey ) ( called Oscar II by NATO ) , were subsequently constructed .	5
He played as a wicket-keeper .	0
Due to Anglada 's urging , Cittadini made several trips to Spain during this period , and in 1913 he made his first trip to Majorca .	5
In 2016 , Saper published the first biography of Brown .	1
Burke also refers to attitude as a variation of agency .	1
He was also a director of several companies .	1
" Lifesong " received mostly positive reviews upon its release , with some critics praising the song 's musical arrangement .	4
It was made at Cinecittà in Rome .	0
No further details are given about the plot of this play .	1
The monument 's size is .	0
Saunders stated that Palmer 's family nickname is " Dumpy " .	1
These losses threaten to disrupt important parts of a vital American industry . "	2
It was on the Cilician coast and had been sacked by Tigranes the Great .	2
Born in Montelepre , Sicily in 1890 , Candela immigrated to New York in 1906 .	2
Relatively few Massachusetts residents used the Connector to buy full-priced insurance .	1
On this Doll concludes that " Nature follows no laws .	1
The condition problems included casting porosity , patches and plugs , chill cracks , weaknesses in armature , and a general need for cleaning .	5
Pecorino is a white Italian wine grape variety that is grown in the Marche , Abruzzo , Liguria , Tuscany , Umbria and Lazio regions of Italy .	5
The royal arms of Queen Elizabeth has been moved from the tympanum of the chancel arch to a position in the north aisle .	4
Miller earned his undergraduate degree at Stanford University , during which time he worked as an intern for President Bill Clinton .	4
For the school 's final years it was again run by subsidised teachers .	2
Low turnout rates during primaries are caused by the apathy about who will make it to the general election .	3
So Maestro Joseph Rescigno was immersed in the language and culture of musicians from the day he was born .	3
Owing to their similarities in social customs and manners , some castes among the sacred thread bearing ambalavasis are together called Pushpaka Brahmins .	4
Mazu , being long stalled adored in the temple , is being shouldered by worshippers to view the spring for blessing .	4
It started out as a small , one-night festival with only regional bands in the town hall of Hollfeld .	3
Scene covers the ' where ' and the ' when ' .	1
The Roman numeral Ⅼ represents the number 50 .	1
The voice of Sara Sidle is again performed by a soundalike ( Kate Savage ) and not Jorja Fox .	3
The country 's economic difficulties made his appointment a difficult one .	1
Öpir had been an associate or an apprentice of the runemaster Visäte .	2
As originally designed , the brick building had 40 luxury flats , 26 garages at the rear and 10 shops and cafés at ground-floor level .	5
At " Ultima Lucha Dos Part 3 " , Catrina cost Ivelisse her match against Taya and then delivering the Lick of Death to Ivelisse .	5
The BioCyc database collection is an assortment of organism specific Pathway / Genome Databases ( PGDBs ) .	3
Season still in progress < br >	0
The film has been released several times on VHS , LaserDisc , DVD and Blu-ray .	2
He received compensation from the FA because his injury was sustained whilst on International duty .	2
Kansakar was an advocate of female education , and he sent his daughter Vidyabati Kansakar to India among the first batch of students to receive nurse training .	5
China Huabiao Film Awards ( ) , also simply known as Huabiao Awards , is an annual awards ceremony for Chinese cinema .	4
He had 3 caps for the Yugoslavia national football team and represented a number of major clubs in Yugoslavia .	3
Postwar investigations showed that about 260,000 people were in guerrilla organizations and that members of the anti-Japanese underground were even more numerous .	4
" Yuj " is the expansion of human consciousness in both sides , that is triggered by becoming aware of Inglea in reality .	4
It is a very ancient form of art passed on from generation to generation and it has a very devotional theme towards Lord Krishna .	5
The official music video of " ' Chaitei Paro ( you have to bujhte hobe ) " just released on YouTube ...	4
Air is made of the octahedron ; its minuscule components are so smooth that one can barely feel it .	3
$ 5 notes were issued starting in 1912 .	1
His life bridged the second generation and third generation of Bagua practitioners into the 20th century .	3
The new site could not be close enough to Cordele for continued licensure , so Pinehurst was selected to effect the move .	4
" Most health information is bad news , " is stressful , and makes decisions even more difficult .	3
The magazine 's inaugural issue focused on the biomedical sciences and was featured by media outlets in Singapore and Malaysia as Asia 's first science magazine .	5
The end is quite bad " .	0
Todd was an elder of the First United Presbyterian Church when he lived in Troy .	2
Netto is a 2005 film directed by Robert Thalheim .	1
Together with the parishes of Brawdy and Llanreithan , it constitutes the community of Brawdy , which had a census population of 611 in 2001 .	5
In West Germany , this album was released on the RCA International label as part of a series of LPs , " Yesterday 's Pop Scene " .	5
It was described by White in 1855 .	0
Probably due to unpaid debts , the library was dispersed and nothing is known about its eventual disposition .	3
It was described by Zayas in 1975 .	0
Attempts are being made to revive the art by forming drum-beating troupes such as " Gajamela " in Dakshina Kannada , with support from the Government .	5
These programs are currently taught by Tina Gallant .	1
The most recent version to chart was that of Nick Nixon , a country musician whose cover hit # 86 on the country charts in 1979 .	5
The play opened Off-Broadway at the Joseph Papp Public Theater on December 10 , 2007 and closed on January 13 , 2008 .	4
Some time between 1902 and 1911 Gao also studied Xingyiquan with Li Cunyi .	2
Noted composer Chakri scored the music .	0
A number of guest musicians and singers also perform on the album , including Jenni Muldaur , the daughter of Maria Muldaur .	4
Tang 's popularity further increased with the drama " My Daughter " ( 2011 ) , which earned high ratings .	4
His father 's investment in the factory paid off both financially and socially , and the Wertheim family enjoyed celebrity status in Australia .	4
She has also received awards including :	0
The album was supported by the singles " House Slippers " and " Music Saved My Life " .	3
He had stopped at Amphipolis where he held a meeting with friends to collect money .	2
It was described by Huedepohl in 1988 .	0
The ventral surface is light colored .	0
He then discusses the evidence for temples and sacred spaces in Iron Age Scandinavia , and the various priestly figures who would have carried out cultic functions .	5
Sue L. Jaspersen and Mark Winey THE BUDDING YEAST SPINDLE POLE BODY : Structure , Duplication , and Function	3
In 2013 , the state released 2011 data . )	1
CJMV-FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting at 102.7 FM in Val-d 'Or , Quebec .	3
The US – Chinese joint venture Vertellus is currently the world leader in pyridine production .	2
He was a member of the Democratic Party .	1
Leivers was passed fit after having two pain-killing injections , but contrary to press expectations Spurdle missed out .	3
Flos areste , the tailless plushblue , is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family .	4
Dedicated to St John the Baptist :	0
The wingspan is about 18 mm .	0
Under the pseudonym of a patient named Mrs. Smith , Helene tells the story of a woman who has trouble bringing a baby to full term .	5
This has been hypothesized to be due to an increased fitness advantage of half or full eunuchs .	3
Although he had some reservations , he noted that the book established the shamanistic interpretation as being the " forefront " of rock art research .	5
As one of the few settlements in the scarcely populated Nowe Brzesko region it was naturally the feudal estate of noble families .	4
A picture of the duo hangs ironically on the column .	1
Scout cars are usually restricted in terms of doctrine to carrying out observation tasks while remaining undetected .	3
Da Costa ’ s association with Granz and Pablo Records made it possible for him to receive permanent resident status in the US .	4
Vulcan is a Romanian language surname .	0
When McMaster transferred to the Knox Free Presbyterian School in October he was replaced by George Knox until May 1851 .	4
Sonny , despite being fatally wounded , does not feel pain and does not die .	2
Imagine three computers : " A " , " B " , and " C " .	3
It takes its name from the Czech city of Pilsen , where it was first produced in 1842 .	3
The hindwings are pale brownish cream .	0
Lorde has received one nomination .	0
MetaCyc has extensive information about chemical compounds , reactions , metabolic pathways and enzymes .	2
The form this propagating center takes depends on the specific type of addition mechanism .	2
In Paris , he met Pavel Tretyakov , a young member of an influential Muscovite business family and an art collector .	4
It was also announced that Casey was to have a fling with Ruby , after her romance with Romeo Smith ( Luke Mitchell ) ends .	5
It is found in Costa Rica .	0
It was described by Chevrolat in 1862 .	0
The men were to be :	0
Lorde has received two nominations .	0
Francis Tregian the Younger ( 1574 – 1618 ) was an English recusant .	2
The television advertisement introduced the shake with the copy " My older sister and I have Oronamin and juice .	3
The Revd Dr Robert Brian MacCarthy is a clergyman in the Church of Ireland .	2
Those who are not in marching band may join winter guard .	1
This strained her relationship with Marie Rambert .	0
Foreign tourists are asked for an additional 50 US dollars to visit , while Indonesians are asked for 200,000 rupiah ( ~ $ 15 USD ) .	5
By convention the co-pol direction is the direction of the E field while the cross pol direction is the direction of the H field .	5
The 55th United States Colored Infantry Regiment was a United States Colored Troops infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War .	5
The main character , Isherwood himself , is a moderately successful author of fiction .	2
He resided in Clifton , New Jersey and Lake Wales , Florida until his death in Lake Wales in 1963 .	4
He also attended the transport and musketry schools in 1911 .	1
In 2012 , Ko notified Apple Inc. that some approved applications on the company 's iOS platform were accessing pirated versions of his books .	5
22 in the Czech Republic .	0
It includes some non-OECD members .	0
The high degree of symmetry of the Platonic solids can be interpreted in a number of ways .	3
This corresponds to the excitation of a 2p electron to a 3d state by the absorption of a virtual photon providing the ionisation energy .	5
Trumpet escapes into the gap , presumably leaving all the other ships left behind to be destroyed .	3
It was made at Cinecittà in Rome .	0
The lowest protocol always deals with low-level interaction with the communications hardware .	2
" 2014 – 15 Brazil network television schedule	0
200 on February 28 , 1970 .	0
In 1969 the prominent makeup artist Way Bandy joined Charles of the Ritz as the salon director of makeup .	3
The Staffordshire oatcake dates back to the 19th century where it was baked on a hotplate over an open fire .	4
In Hajduk 's derby match over league rivals Dinamo Zagreb , Kalinić scored the first goal with a penalty kick .	4
He also enjoys visiting museums and collecting antiques with his wife Jeanne .	2
The same cannot be said of Linda , who is too rational a scientist to accept David 's faith .	3
The event was named " Mile High Karaoke " and was awarded the Guinness World Record certificate .	3
He was initially introduced as an antagonist for the Ghost Rider .	1
Chris then proposes to Adriana and presents her with a ring .	1
" The Logic of Collective Action " ) .	1
However , at the end of 1979 , Rescigno was diagnosed with mouth cancer .	2
She was sold for scrap in 1974 .	0
Jim Kendall dominated the Victorians in his first 2 years with New South Wales , helping them win 2 Goodall Cups back to back .	5
" If I 'd known it would make you so happy , I would have announced it years ago ! "	4
He then founded a city in Lesser Armenia where he had defeated Mithridates .	2
His last public statement was in 1996 , when he told " The Daily Telegraph " why he had undergone penile implant surgery .	4
A senior IAF official , who until then was concerned about delays in the program , said that the schedule agreed upon is " very satisfactory . "	5
A little further on the Convention Parliament is indicted .	1
He dates the hospital as being :	0
6-sided dice are very common , but the other numbers are commonly used in role-playing games .	3
Martha Dübber was a German film editor .	0
The final volume was published in 1959 .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " Lisa the Vegetarian "	1
The Scots word " brogue " is also used to denote a bradawl or boring tool as well as the action of piercing with such a tool .	5
This is mathematically stated as :	0
While in plant form , Myrrha gives birth to Adonis .	1
Lorde has been nominated for one award .	0
Notable buildings include the Mt .	0
The field of vascular medicine ( angiology ) is the field that deals with preventing , diagnosing and treating vascular and blood vessel related diseases .	5
This alone demonstrates the clear need for this museum , its permanent Holocaust gallery , and for the Canadian Institute for the Study of Antisemitism . "	5
He also did the coursework for a Master of Surgery ( MS ) , and this degree was conferred in 1912 .	4
Galli was summoned , and before him and in the presence of Abbot Alexander del Marro and the Chevalier Parella , they declared their determination to marry .	5
In 1995 , Becky 's added a dinner menu .	1
Mallory , who is a Christian missionary , said that she believed the books encouraged children to practice religious witchcraft or become Wiccans .	4
The reverse shows a Nereid mounted on a fantastic sea creature .	1
In Greece hilopittes is considered one of the finest types of dried egg pasta .	2
So as they travel through the war-ravaged nation , Linda 's knowledge keeps them alive and provides crucial guidance .	3
It is found on Fiji .	0
Stewart won handily and was seated in 2003 .	1
In 2000 there were of Pecorino planted in Italy , mostly in the Arquata del Tronto region of the Ascoli Piceno province in Marche .	5
It 's a time of terrible indecision . "	1
" Microsoft Tinker " is a puzzle game where players must navigate a robot through mazes and obstacles .	3
Teams were seeded in the first two positions of each pool following the Serpentine system according to their FIVB World Ranking .	4
The third vertebra had wedged against the second , preventing further damage which could have cost Trautmann his life .	3
( 4,200 sq ft . ) AIC Gallery , the 40 m ² .	2
Lewisham Council could refer to :	0
The route heads north , then turns east , crossing the Conasauga River into Murray County .	3
These groups were clustered in the Eastern United States , according to pioneer IWW historian Paul Brissenden .	3
PVK Jadran was founded in the summer of 1926 as a merger between two water polo clubs , Bijela Vila and Spjaža .	4
In addition , it includes a teenager sports school which introduces about 40 talented students to the national and provincial track and field team .	5
Yazi Bolaghi ( ) may refer to :	0
At a critical moment , the moon falls .	1
Liverpool won the match 3 – 1 after extra time .	1
" Constitution of Uruguay of 1934	0
It is in set common time in the key of D major and has a tempo of 84 beats per minute .	4
Despite that decision , the Canadian band filed a CAD $ 40-million ( $ 39 million ) lawsuit against Warner in Ontario court .	4
During a mid-1999 European tour , Blacksnake ( as King Khan was then known ) opted to remain in Germany .	4
Inter-Con Security Systems , Inc. is a US-based private security company headquartered in Pasadena , California .	3
On 16 March 1926 , " L33 " collided with another unknown vessel , though there were no injuries in the incident .	4
Additional musicians on 2013 sessions	0
A mining boss , Leverett , is impressed by the stranger in town and hires him , not knowing Cash 's real name or intent .	5
The 2005 festival was also special because of the massive police presence .	2
The wingspan is about 13 mm .	0
Pulleys are assembled to form a block and tackle in order to provide mechanical advantage to apply large forces .	3
The Raspberry Pi single-board computer project has adopted Python as its main user-programming language .	2
It was described by White in 1855 .	0
The football association was being formed at the time .	1
Their effort came from a shortened game of 40 overs , a run rate of 8.83 runs per over .	3
Just north of downtown , the highway meets SR 254 ( Main Street ) .	2
Another coach Albert Vollrat won two cups in 1946 and 1947 .	1
The Greek letter " φ " is used to represent the golden ratio ≈ 1.6180 .	2
According to police estimates , at least 12,000 more women lived on the proceeds of " free love " without being registered .	4
Rob Dyrdek 's Wild Grinders , also known simply as Wild Grinders , is an animated television series airing on Nickelodeon 's sister channel Nicktoons .	5
It was the only church designed by him .	1
In the meantime , production of tramcars in Birkenhead , was continued by Milnes 's son , George Comer Milnes , in partnership with Thomas Voss .	5
Anne Pasternak took the reins as director from 1993 to September , 2015 .	2
The myth does not sustain with Marion , who dies hopelessly in her room at the Bates Motel .	3
Cassius Dio wrote that Mithridates kept withdrawing because his forces were inferior .	2
She interviewed 200 patients and families about how they used scientific information after devastating medical diagnoses .	3
He has also played on fellow Sevendust member John Connolly 's 2012 side-project Projected and their CD entitled " Human " .	4
The cooperative activism reemerged after the WWI .	0
His father , also called João Donato , was a pilot and in his leisure hours liked to play the mandolin at home .	4
In Salzburg , he also met Bruno Maderna who remained a friend and mentor long after that summer ended .	3
This desire mixed with the fear of an Indian attack left Native Americans across the region targets for removal .	3
He was the brother of TV host Michel Drucker and of Professor of Medicine Jacques Drucker , and was also the uncle of actress Léa Drucker .	5
Theodoric , with the support of his father-in-law Landgrave Hermann of Thuringia , took up arms and defeated Albert 's forces in a battle near Röblingen .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " White Christmas Blues "	1
9I Got Id " is also known by its original title " I Got Shit " by the band and its	4
Conley was born in Baltimore , Maryland .	0
In October 24 , 2011 , the band uploaded a video for the song " See Ya Bill " at their official YouTube channel .	5
Following elections to the state legislative assembly , the governor usually invites the party ( or coalition ) with a majority of seats to form the government .	5
In January 1967 he was assigned as a special assistant to the deputy chief of staff , operations , Headquarters 3d Air Force at South Ruislip .	5
Ten different goaltenders suited up for the Flames , led by Jean-Sebastien Giguere , who started 44 games .	3
Furthermore , Yakob deployed a corps of monks into the newly obtained lands .	2
Pharnaces embalmed his body and sent it to Pompey as proof of his surrender .	2
The Margrave , in disguise as a monk , narrowly escaped to Leipzig and tried in vain to gain the support of furious Emperor Henry .	5
Manly then had to back up a few days later to play a fresh Wests side in the Preliminary Final .	4
In the early 1990s Durrant toured as lead guitarist with the band Sky .	2
Ingredients to make pasta dough include semolina flour , egg , salt and water .	2
Many dived into the sea in preference to being captured .	1
In 2002 he was named Turkish cartoonist of the year .	1
7 typhoons underwent rapid deepening .	0
Peter Quarles had served as a soldier in the War of 1812 .	2
The schedule consisted of three rounds .	0
It was described by Bates in 1885 .	0
Title pun : " From Here to Eternity "	1
The grade scale with its labels :	0
These are the first Canadian notes produced on polymer .	1
Every year has a 9 forties ( months ) and consists of three natural seasons : Autumn , Winter and Spring .	4
In early 2008 , an opposition to the Stop Bristol Airport Expansion campaign was launched to support the expansion and operations of the airport .	5
The same issue established its nickname as the Howling Commandos .	1
Mass Appeal Entertainment is distributed through Fontana Distribution , a division of Universal Music Group .	2
Bad translations of the books , misinterpreted through the lens of Western science fiction , have circulated through the Internet .	4
" We are making more opportunities for advertisers and taking it to a level that can get more consumers involved .	4
Douglas Taylor in Lewiston , Maine , has held several annual gatherings at which he cuts the Potter books up with scissors . "	4
His Maltese father died of typhus while on a relief mission in the Soviet Union in 1922 .	3
Starting in 2004 a tie-in was established with the hit Japanese Kamen Rider Series .	2
By 163 BC , the Maccabean Revolt established the independence of Judea .	2
Itchy gives Scratchy the cat 's own real heart .	1
Angus begins to form a plan to rescue her when Milos , and then Nick , leave the ship .	3
and then wrote a second letter denouncing him after he had him murdered .	2
By the 20th century the town was surrounded by rich cultivation , and had a flourishing trade , chiefly in tobacco and sugar .	4
While aboard the station Nick arranges for Ciro to be alone as a trap .	2
Bulgarian organized crime groups mainly use security and insurance companies such as SIC and VIS as fronts for criminal activities .	4
Nonetheless , it was widely rejected by South African Indians ( in the 1981 election for example , only 6 % of them voted ) .	5
The my mercury features suicide-style doors that are center-opening .	1
There is a speed limit of 50 km / h on part of the N296 .	2
Ethiopia was the only region of Africa to survive the expansion of Islam as a Christian state .	3
Joell released his street album called " " April 24 , 2007 , on Koch Records .	3
Just after this intersection , SR 284 curves to the northeast , along Clarks Bridge Road .	3
A crowd of 66,000 flocked to the Sydney Cricket Ground to see an enthusiastic St. George side come out with all guns blazing .	4
He has had other hit covers including " Trouble in Paradise " by Loretta Lynn in 1974 .	3
The solar electric system was designed by Solar Mike and installed by Ron Goad of Solar Construction .	3
The flashback picks up where " A Thief in the Night " left off .	2
Each jury is a group of variables .	0
At first theater owners opposed the idea , claiming that they would lose business .	2
After which he was transferred to the garrison in Angola and there appointed as aide-de-camp to the Governor-General of Mozambique .	4
This polyhedron can be used as the core for a set of stellations .	2
He also did vocals for Omnimotion 's remix of the song Tierra Azul , originally by Vibrasphere .	3
Boxing fans across Latin America mourned the tragedy .	1
He has been a co-editor of the " Quarterly Journal of Economics " for eight years and associate editor of many academic journals .	4
As a practical matter , real interoperation is achieved by the definition and use of effective spanning layers .	3
Applications that are part of the pilot program will get accelerated examination .	2
It was described by Micheli in 2003 .	0
" Amor , Amor , Amor " is a single recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez , featuring Puerto Rican singer Wisin .	4
He also writes for Rue Morgue magazine .	0
Another large assault took place in Łódź , where a 25-strong OB PPS group under F. Lipiński attacked a police station , and ambushed several patrols .	5
The trio made their vaudeville debut at Loew 's State on Broadway in March 1927 , with an act that literally included breaking up furniture .	5
Students of the schools were recruited , ordained , and sent to work in parishes in new Christian areas .	3
The town of Menominee , Illinois is located on the river .	1
Based on the manual curation done , BioCyc database family is divided into 3 tiers :	2
The opening of " Harry Potter and Bao Zoulong " , translated into English , was included in several news articles .	4
Masters Athletics 400 m hurdles list	0
Station identification shown for Sky1 in the United Kingdom	1
The shoreface ( or underwater platform ) on flat coasts encompasses in its narrow sense that area which is subject to the constant action of moving water .	5
Other had to leave the competition .	0
An estimated 10,000 people met the Birmingham City party on their return to Snow Hill station .	3
This northern section is also a toll road but it is operated by AREA .	2
" The shower scene is both feared and desired , " wrote French film critic Serge Kaganski .	3
He had resided at Court in order to help the persecuted Catholics .	2
John Henry " Jack " Bradshaw ( 28 June 1892 – 1970 ) was an English professional footballer who played as an outside forward .	5
The rural district has 23 villages .	0
Situated on the left bank of the river Elbe , it abuts on the district of Lüneburg at the south and the west .	4
They also accused Warner Bros. of delaying the action , since they were aware of the film as far back as 2005 .	4
In actuality , the building 's superstructure is built of iron girders .	2
The clip opens with Lopez and her love interest conversing on the side walk in front of a shop window .	4
Once the patent was issued , Blackboard Inc. sued its competitor Desire2Learn to stop them from infringing the patent .	3
Spies Like Us may also refer to :	0
The village is served by two stations on the Heath Railway ( " Heidebahn " ) : Handeloh and Büsenbachtal .	4
The faster the speed of attack and consumption of prey , the higher the aggressiveness level .	3
NGC 4194 , the Medusa merger , is a pair of interacting galaxies in the constellation Ursa Major .	3
On 27 April 1846 , Brown helped to found the Texas Democratic Party in Austin .	2
He discovered his talent for singing various Cuban rhythms and tango as a child when he sang for spare change on buses in Cuba .	5
The world ’ s first blond lager , the original Pilsner Urquell , is still produced there today .	3
The Gallery collects and maintains Canada 's largest collection of contemporary Canadian ceramics .	2
The information about the servers is kept in the configuration file " resolv.conf " .	2
The second week of finals saw Manly come from 13-3 behind Parramatta to draw 13-all in the semi-final requiring a mid-week replay .	4
For several years Durrant toured a solo show billed as " Richard Durrant – The Guitar Whisperer " .	3
That is , the Faith is the original , primordial Knowledge , that each folk and nation has , i.e .	4
The oblong fruits measure up to long .	0
The original Rhodesian Mine Ambush Protected vehicles were derived from Unimog , Mercedez , and Nissan truck chassis .	3
In about 1648 he invented the monotype , the only printmaking technique to be an Italian invention , making over twenty over the succeeding years .	5
The film is instead ironic as it presents " clarity and fulfillment " of romance .	2
In attack , diminutive Dragons halfback Mark Shulman made inroads and they went ahead 4-0 with two penalty goals to Ted Goodwin .	4
The second variant of the series was issued in 1956 .	1
He said that Casey is not like Brax or Heath and because juvenile detention is " dangerous " he would not cope as well as they would .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " I Love Lisa "	1
Later in the event , Vélez attacked Katarina Leigh after she and Maria Kanellis were defeated by The Beautiful People ( Angelina Love and Velvet Sky ) .	5
The school was temporarily shut down due to these events .	1
The next day the two sides prepared for the continuation of the battle .	2
In late 2008 , the station added the CJME call letters back to its on-air brand , becoming known as ' News Talk 980 CJME ' .	5
They form two of the thirteen Archimedean solids , which are the convex uniform polyhedra with polyhedral symmetry .	3
Beltrami only had six weeks in which to write the music , and new scenes were still being shot as the music was being recorded .	5
Arnold Palmer Boulevard is named in his honor .	1
After two seasons with the 36ers , Weigh returned to his home state of Queensland and played out his final five seasons with the Cairns Taipans .	5
He was illiterate until he moved to the city of Chillán , where he entered the Escuela Taller , studying the art of carpentry .	5
A report commissioned by the Directors Guild of America ( DGA ) defined two classes of runaway productions .	3
He retired in 1918 with the rank of honorary brigadier general .	1
It was the first Benedictine monastery in the United States .	1
Now she was able to act as an intermediary between modern Latin American and European literary culture from the western side of the ocean .	5
Some authors point out that realized volatility and implied volatility are backward and forward looking measures , and do not reflect current volatility .	4
Things he loves to do are watching movies and comic books and one of his dreams is to build a dream kingdom for Ali .	5
Cheng knelt down and asked Dong if he could become his student .	2
He was born in Tanta , Egypt .	0
Two years later , Anderson isolated pure pyridine through fractional distillation of the oil .	2
Tregian was indicted under the Statute of Praemunire prohibiting dissemination of papal bulls .	2
In her U.S. Navy career , " Specter " was awarded four battle stars for her World War II service .	4
The rededication ceremony was 25 April 2014 .	0
" Bottoms Up ( Brantley Gilbert song )	0
On the Patrotic Coalition list :	0
Educated at Oxford he played polo with the University team and won the Varsity Match against Cambridge in 1883 .	3
KTKZ also carries Lars Larson from Compass Media Networks and John Gibson from the Fox News Talk service .	3
It takes places annually in July at the " Fühlinger See " , which is a lake located in Cologne , Germany .	4
Austin Cline notes that , " The Harry Potter books simply aren 't about Wicca as it is currently practiced .	4
Grobart was both a member of the Cuban Communist Party Central Committee and a member of Parliament .	3
In Europe he has performed solo concerts in Belgium , Denmark , France , Holland , Switzerland and Spain .	3
Data objects in the EcoCyc database describe each " E. coli " gene and gene product .	3
Hermes was founded in 1993 under the newly promulgated Capital Markets Law 95 .	2
Spivey on " The Stillness of Over " :	1
On the Jobbik list : ( Non-inscrits )	0
They don 't need to worry about thread synchronizations because each Perl filter is a separate single-threaded process .	3
On the Ecolo list : ( Greens-EFA )	0
Current estimates put the number of ethnic Skolt Sámi at around 1250 , of which approximately 400 can speak Skolt Sámi .	4
The number of locals affiliated with the " Detroit IWW " is a matter of some dispute .	3
Many critics believe that these restrictive laws make it more challenging for certain minorities to cast a ballot .	3
The station signed on in January 2010 , owned by Georgia Eagle Media , under the moniker " The Warner Robins Patriot " .	4
24 shooting guard and the No .	0
Shortly thereafter , he received his first commission for an East Side apartment at 1105 Park Avenue .	3
As the founding director of CISA , Catherine Chatterley was invited to be a member of the official government delegation to Israel in January 2014 .	5
In 1850 , Brown was one of the commissioners that selected Athens as the seat of Henderson County .	3
However , the temple was well fortified and there was a deep valley around it .	2
Casey also has deep rooted issues with his anger ; Younes said that he empathised with the way Casey feels due to his previous experiences .	5
It was initially developed by the JSON for Linking Data Community Group before being transferred to the RDF Working Group for review , improvement , and standardization .	5
April 29 , 1900 , in Luarca , the couple 's first child , Maria de la Concepción ( " Concha " ) was born .	5
The markings are bright ferruginous .	0
Song written by Carl Bell	0
Their food is insects and seeds .	0
Yet " L 'enfance du Christ " was an immediate success and was praised by all but two critics in the Paris newspapers .	4
" Silver Condor Award for Best Adapted Screenplay	0
He killed six men on the field of battle .	1
When our A & R guy came in we played it to him , and he was like , ' This is finished ?	4
It was described by Fisher in 1932 .	0
It was not until 1952 that the stone was returned to Denmark near to its original location .	3
In 1911 Cox was transferred to the unattached officer list .	1
Later , Lucina freed the newborn Adonis from the tree .	1
He made his debut on 8 August in a 1 – 0 home defeat against Zulia , coming on as a substitute for Pedro de Pablos .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " The Ten-Per-Cent Solution "	1
This calendar counted the years from 63 BC , the year when self-government started .	2
Traffic information for the road is covered by Radio Vinci Autoroutes ( FM107.7 ) .	2
The pregnant women at the time of the attack were evacuated and sent to Sanganer where they founded a town nearby .	4
Also in 1606 the younger Tregian returned to England to reclaim his father 's estates .	2
Venera Fanning kills the Rook 's captain and some of its crew as they try to scuttle the ship .	3
was released on January 23 , 2009 .	0
The transport is mainly road based .	0
The Old Main building , now recognized as a National Historic Landmark , was constructed during his tenure .	3
He is interred at Great Orme , Llandudno .	1
The manufacturer even released an autographed series of racquets with " Sumarokov " written on it with golden embossed letters .	4
Current projects of CapitaLand in Singapore also include Capitaspring ( Office tower + Serviced residence ) , a 280m tall skyscraper in Raffles Place CBD , Singapore .	5
During his university years he experienced the excitement of the Republican Party in Oviedo which was very common in the intellectual circles at that time .	5
Therefore , pagan is a term only , designating a representative of another faith , culture , language and folk .	4
In 2012 Spivey became a digital outreach assistant for .	1
The rural district has 31 villages .	0
Likewise , a regular tessellation of the plane is characterized by the condition + = .	2
All three chapters have three episodes each .	0
With the loss of the Redhill Surrey tenders , in March 2001 Crawley garage was sold to Metrobus .	3
Sexual cannibalism might have promoted the evolution of some behavioral and morphological traits exhibited by spiders today .	3
The aircraft is made from composites .	0
2014-15 Digicel Play Provo Premier League Champions	0
He lived to be 85 years old , and died in 1864 at the Sand Creek Massacre at Sand Creek , Colorado , along with his brother .	5
Although a 1990s re-release of the album on CD format curbed demand for the original album , the CD itself became collectible because of its limited run .	5
As of September 22 , 2012 though , Cruzio has since successfully been able to revamp the OSO website .	3
Yields of pyridine up to be 93 % can be achieved with the nickel-based catalyst .	2
SR 286 begins at an intersection with US 76 / SR 52 east of Dalton in Whitfield County .	3
Improved suspension and cooling system .	0
The book has eight major sections .	0
Stewart transferred to Udinese in January .	0
" Yellow Face " premiered in Los Angeles at the Mark Taper Forum in association with East West Players in May 2007 .	4
'When ' and ' Where ' map to scene .	1
On hearing of this , the consuls directed Pompey to quickly recruit more troops .	2
In 1868 he volunteered to join an expedition against the Bonga of Zambésia in Mozambique and was promoted to second lieutenant .	4
It has a height of 440 m.a.s.l ..	0
The wind was favourable and because of this the Egyptians did not pursue them .	2
On one runestone , U 485 in Marma , he gives his full name : Ofæigʀ Øpiʀ .	3
After a long break of five years the band releases its 5th album by the name " Aushomapto 1 " .	4
As of the 2013-2014 school year , the school had a total enrollment of 1301 .	2
It is located on Portland 's historic waterfront .	1
In Appian 's account , Pompey gave the latter both Sophene and Gordyene .	2
The market leader is Denmark 's Carlsberg Group , owner of the Finnish brewery Sinebrychoff , with a market share of 46.9 % .	4
She served as Company Secretary from 2004-2006 .	0
They are connected by a stolon at the base through which blood circulates between the zooids and which serves to attach the colony to the substrate .	5
The UMCP then prepares to send Milos and Angus together on a highly classified mission against Thanatos Minor .	3
She was the author of some 48 novels and 200 short stories .	2
Charles Franklin Farwell , ( December 24 , 1860 – March 26 , 1921 ) was an Ontario lawyer and political figure .	4
It is a generalization of a Cunningham number .	1
From 20 September 1939 to 15 January 1940 , the 6th Submarine Flotilla was deployed off Skagerrak , Jutland and Horns Reef .	4
The film premiered in Los Angeles on April 7 , 2014 and was released in the United States on April 11 , 2014 .	4
According to the Australian War Memorial , No .	1
The cake was thereby " thrown " ( flipped ) on to the bakstone and then the linen taken up .	4
Place and date : At New Market Heights , Va . , September 29 , 1864 .	3
Here , we start with Morn as the damsel , Angus as villain and Nick as the hero .	3
The app shows prices including tax .	0
is chanted by the chorus as the music grows ever softer and the second movement quietly draws to a close .	4
Lorde has received three nominations .	0
The prize was last awarded in 2006 .	0
King , Dee Dee Bridgewater , and Paulinho da Costa.He has written several works for symphony orchestra that have been performed worldwide .	4
The recordings include many references to 9 / 11 .	1
Three days later , he got a second opinion from a doctor at Manchester Royal Infirmary .	3
Larvae feed on " Scutia buxifolia " ( Rhamnaceae ) and other plant species in the families Erythroxylaceae , Leguminosae , Sapindaceae and Euphorbiaceae .	5
It received mixed reviews from critics and was a box office failure grossing just $ 29 million against its $ 25 million budget .	4
Erected in 1895 , it is Denmark 's largest prison with a total capacity of 530 inmates .	3
From that point on , the situation began to rapidly deteriorate .	1
She considered taking the case to federal court , but spent the following summer with her husband and four children .	4
Lonesome Places is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by American author August Derleth .	3
On the July 25 episode of " NXT " , Cortez defeated WWE main roster Diva Natalya by count-out , but suffered a post-match attack from Natalya .	5
Alternatively , " economic runaways " are productions made in other countries to " reduce costs . "	3
The Sandwich Society of Friends ( i.e .	0
The film is also included on two different Alfred Hitchcock Blu-ray boxsets from Universal .	2
The United States Department of State Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons ranks Austria as a ' Tier 1 ' country .	4
They also have a sub-label , Dark Horse Indie .	1
SR 284 veers back into Hall County proper before crossing into White County .	2
" China Movie Channel Media Awards " are presented at each Shanghai International Film Festival by China Movie Channel since 2007 .	4
The genus contains the following two species :	0
" Big Brother México " was launched by Televisa in 2002 .	1
Patricia Lynch is best known for " The Turf-Cutter 's Donkey " , first published in 1934 .	3
Later , his skeleton is shown on a Wheaties box .	1
In 1924 , he joined Football League Third Division North side Accrington Stanley and played 17 league matches during the 1924 – 25 season .	5
Younes was attracted to the part of Casey because he is " a product of his two older brothers and their clashing personalities " .	5
The monument was refreshened in 2014 .	0
Four varieties of " quenepas " are grown in Puerto Rico , with one of them named after the city of Ponce .	4
He was elected the team 's co-captain in 2000 , the same year that he led the Crusaders to the state semi-finals .	4
It was the final documentary made by Irwin by the time of his death , which occurred during filming .	3
https : / / books.google.com / books ? isbn = 0804780358 Page 189ref > < / Herringshaw 's American Blue-book of Biography : Prominent Americans ...	5
Cnockaert was born in the village of Westrozebeke in the Belgian province of West Flanders , to Felix Cnockaert and his wife Marie-Louise Vanoplinus .	5
Masters Athletics 400 m hurdles list	0
It is found in Bolivia .	0
Velez established herself as a villain and delivered a promo about her dislike for " Divas " and her mission to make a statement .	5
On September 16 , 2014 , Ortiz released his third studio album " House Slippers " .	3
In captivity , males must be separated due to aggression towards each other , including ramming , pushing , and overturning with the enlarged gular scute .	5
George Clifton " Clif " Thompson ( August 8 , 1913 – June 3 , 2008 ) was a president of the International Curling Federation .	5
The Amnion are a race of creatures whose society is centered around their ability to manipulate DNA .	3
He had met her when she was 14 and proclaimed his love for her , though at the time he was 31 .	4
The club also proposed to turn the upper secondary school " Nadderud " into a conference center for elite sports .	4
Feodorova demonstrates the positive role the missionaries played in Rapanui in the 19th century in the study and preservation of the indigenous population and their culture .	5
They extend from Michaelmas 1666 to Easter 1672 , and were first published in 1686 , with the records in Latin and the arguments in French .	5
The tribute remains a common refrain in Lynah Rink to this day .	2
Its route is in Madison and Franklin Counties , with a brief section straddling the Madison-Hart County line .	3
Before shooting began in November , Hitchcock dispatched assistant director Hilton A .	2
108 player in the nation in 2009 .	0
Nearly the whole film was shot with 50 mm lenses on 35 mm cameras .	2
Using a watershed model , examples of point source and non-point source pollution are demonstrated .	2
He had two novels published by Methuen but success really came when he began being published by Scholastic .	3
Mouat Secondary is a secondary school located in Abbotsford , B.C .	1
Most were horsemen and archers and they could not respond in the darkness .	2
Queen Makeda was so impressed with Solomon that she converted to Judaism and provided Solomon with many gifts .	3
He was a founding director of the Council of Churches of the City of New York , serving from 1960 to 1988 .	4
In the first case , he was killed by Orestes .	1
Jill has long blonde hair almost to her knees with bangs , as well as blue eyes and pink lipstick .	4
" The Guardian " wrote that " the monochrome images " were similar to those of the 1975 film " Winstanley " .	4
Starting in 1999 Ristow and cohorts began performing at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival .	3
" All compositions by William Parker "	0
The photo essay " Mapping the Body " in " Zone 3 : Fragments for a History of the Human Body , Part 1 " , ed .	5
Born in Vermont , Blanchard attended Middlebury College before accepting a teaching position in New York .	3
Besides building grand pianos , Overs also maintain , restore and remanufacture grand pianos , as well as consulting on piano design .	4
Scratchy ( in Pete 's role ) joins him blissfully .	1
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Naviraí is a diocese located in the city of Naviraí in the Ecclesiastical province of Campo Grande in Brazil .	5
Parechovirus B was first isolated from bank voles ( " Myodes glareolus " , formerly " Clethrionomys glareolus " ) in the mid-1990s .	4
The Cockatoos name was adopted in 1996 .	0
He later toured Europe and the Middle East with a Brazilian ensemble together with Waldir Maia e Alcione in 1970 .	4
It was described by Linsley in 1935 .	0
The Madonna of Chancellor Rolin is an oil painting by the Early Netherlandish master Jan van Eyck , dating from around 1435 .	4
Circle of Obscurity , Daemonilatria , Defection , Killing Spree , Obstinacy , Possession , Voodoma	2
It is operated by Hedeland Golf Club .	0
His record as a prosecutor led John Walsh to appear in a campaign ad for him during his race for secretary of state .	4
" Road Rules : USA – The First Adventure	1
He is still the youngest All-Russia champion to date with his 14 years of age at the time of his first triump .	4
The application-to-transport interface defines how application programs make use of the transport layers .	2
To early 1991 , he left the band by health problems , and was absent from the Eskorbuto Mexico Tour , replaced by Iñaki " Gato " .	5
He held lectures , participated in scientific conferences , symposiums , etc .	2
Chad Fickbohm is the current coach ( 2009 – present ) .	1
His unique style for the time made him a forerunner to the Generación de la Ruptura , which reached its peak in the 1960s .	5
Doran went on to serve in the 17th Battalion of the Middlesex Regiment – the so-called Footballers ' Battalion – and was awarded the Military Medal .	5
The United States was ranked 31 out of the 35 countries in this study .	2
On FreeBSD it can be disabled by placing resolvconf = NO in resolvconf.conf ( 5 ) .	3
The Essex club 's ground had only opened five months previously , and was suffering from drainage problems .	3
In 1853 , the beer was available in 35 pubs in Prague .	2
the Battlefield Airways at the Battlefield Airport across from The Peach Orchard ) , and the field was a 1939 site on the initial transcontinental airmail line .	5
Early in the season , the Knicks lost five consecutive games in November 1975 , and by mid-December they had lost 20 of their first 30 games .	5
Species of trees in the forest :	0
" Gulou / Drum Tower station	0
Dee 's brother , William D. " Bill " Barton , was a trombonist , pianist , arranger and band leader .	4
She survived the attack while shooting down at least two enemy fighters , and participated in rescue and salvage operations immediately afterward .	4
In comparison to his role on " Tangle " , Younes felt " Home and Away " offered a longer period of time to unravel a character .	5
The company is a subsidiary of Consolidated Edison , Inc . , the largest utility in one of the largest urban metropolitan areas in the world .	5
The song peaked at No .	0
The Plaza Galerías currently occupies this site .	0
All belonged to their mother 's clans and gained status in the tribe through them .	2
It was described by Zajciw in 1959 .	0
The trade goes public after a tweet by Ohio State linebacker Vontae Mack , who had been Sonny 's original preference .	4
In December 1912 Christmas Trees and wreckage were reported ashore at Pentwater , Michigan	2
The flowers are small , in diameter , have five petals , and are a golden yellow in color .	3
Forums and Community features : " DPReview " ’ s active discussion forums contain over 33 million messages .	3
She belonged to the Dada movement and had connections with André Breton , Philippe Soupault , Louis Aragon , Paul Éluard and Francis Picabia .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " Postcards from the Wedge "	1
" Simpsons " episode : " Clown in the Dumps "	1
" J and Friends Sing and Chant for Amma	1
Gutierrez 's niece , Lisa Joseph , was also a hostage .	1
These enzymes catalyse the transfer of sugar moieties from activated donor molecules to specific acceptor molecules , forming glycosidic bonds .	4
Pierre Bost ( 5 September 1901 , Lasalle , Gard – 6 December 1975 , Paris ) was a French screenwriter , novelist , and journalist .	5
Rear-Admiral Charles Steevens ( c . 1705 – 20 May 1761 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander-in-Chief of the East Indies Station .	5
He frequently draws on cardboard packaging and old newspapers .	1
Roman Catholicism has been present in Ethiopia since the century , and numbers 536,827 believers .	2
The Supreme Court upheld the tax , finding it was constitutional .	1
He has involved himself with many different aspects of photography and photography over the last twenty years .	3
His son , Samuel R. Buxton , Jr . , served as a judge in the Newport News Circuit Court from 1968 to 1977 .	5
The birth of Adonis existed in two different versions :	1
Now that the schooner was slightly lighter and more maneuverable , Captain Schuenemann directed it towards Bailey 's Harbor .	3
The Ciamician – Dennstedt rearrangement entails the ring-expansion of pyrrole with dichlorocarbene to 3-chloropyridine .	2
Smit returned to his country in the 2008 summer , signing with top level side FC Volendam .	3
All told some dozen Roman nobles had been murdered .	1
This means the input force on the rope is " T " = " W / p . "	3
Jack breaks free of his ties and kills the nearest guards using a Russian gun-knife , allowing the two to kill most of the men .	5
Nonetheless he stayed until he was evacuated on 10 December 1915 .	1
She was busy clearing minefields , patrolling , and performing escort duty until 28 February when she sailed for Saipan .	4
They have also demanded apology from R.S.N .	0
Headley lived in Seattle for many years before returning to New York , where she lives now .	3
Straylight Productions has composed music for the following video games :	1
Numerical system from 0 to 10 :	0
In addition tradesmen came from around the region in order to see whether it would be a dry or wet year .	4
He coaches in Naperville , Illinois .	0
She was a fellow of the New York Academy of Medicine and the Society for Behavioral Medicine .	3
Ledig 's stark depiction of war events was increasingly met with revulsion in the climate of the 1950s , so Ledig eventually withdrew from writing altogether .	5
The match was Third Lanark 's first Scottish Cup and in Celtic 's inaugural season it was their first appearance in the Scottish Cup final .	5
Accordingly , some patients with IDH1-mutated gliomas demonstrated spontaneous peripheral CD4 + T-cell responses against the mutated IDH1 region with generation B-cell producing antibodies .	5
The Yafit defeat allowed Alexandria to send Abuna Yakob , to Ethiopia in 1337 to be its metropolitan .	3
The wingspan is about 40 mm .	0
The first was labeled " What is the Answer ? "	1
His father is Robert Burakovsky , who was drafted 217th overall 1985 NHL Entry Draft and played 23 games with the Ottawa Senators .	4
In 1948 , she went to Oslo , visiting the Van Gogh exhibition and seeing the Edvard Munch paintings there .	4
Ryan Coogler – " Fruitvale Station "	0
In October , Wing Commander Ian Campbell took command .	1
The most significant is the presence of a toothless jaw , which shows a more birdlike adaptation compared to archaeopteryx .	4
Sneyers at the IRPA in Belgium , an infrared spectroscopy study in 2003 and other features have all contributed to its de-attribution .	4
There were 75,100,000 drachmas of silver coin and 700 ships were brought to the port .	2
By the 16th century it was transferred to the Lanckoroński family after which it changed hands again to the Guteterów family .	4
The single peaked at No .	0
These men became the Fratres Scholarum Christianarum ( FSC ) , or De La Salle Brothers , as they came to be known in the English-speaking world .	5
In 1950 , no electronic control was possible and the system used four conductors in the cable to achieve graduated braking rates .	4
It opened in 2001 under the name Oasis Water Park .	1
For example , O + T refers to a configuration made of one half of octahedron and a tetrahedron .	3
During the evacuation of Anzac he commanded the Rear Party Artillery .	1
When describing the act of incest Dryden uses a monster metaphor .	1
Dhaliwal 's first novel " Tourism " was published in 2006 and received mixed reviews .	2
Pompey pursued him , routed his forces and hunted down the fugitives .	2
It is found on Fiji .	0
In the UK , the song peaked at number 53 .	1
Though he eventually jumps , his behavior is controlled by shame .	1
Eventually the site took on a broader remit as kidSPEAK ! , a forum for children to tackle censorship in general .	4
Amongst others , it includes the volcanoes Katla and Eyjafjallajökull , the latter renowned for the disruption which its eruption in 2010 caused to European air travel .	5
It , therefore , instructs the wireless protocol to transmit the data packet to " B " .	3
The majority of the station 's schedule is simulcasted with its sister station in Val-d 'Or , CJMV-FM .	3
The name Innogen is mentioned as a ghost character in early editions of " Much Ado About Nothing " as the wife of the Leonato character .	5
Pathé collapsed in 1935 , and Natan was convicted of fraud .	1
After a night of partying with Maddy Osborne ( Kassandra Clementi ) , Casey suffers from alcohol poisoning and is rushed to the hospital but later recovers .	5
He was also an accomplished poet .	0
Unbeknownst to the Nez Perce , Colonel Nelson A .	1
A cavity dumper is an output coupler that performs the function of a Q-switch .	2
It was built by bishop Sigifredo .	0
1973 — CMA \ \ Single of the Year \ " Behind Closed Doors "	2
Downtown Santa Cruz houses a variety of storefronts and businesses .	1
In the " Harry Potter " universe , Schoeffer claims , " the entire intuitive tradition of fortune-telling … is discredited . "	4
Wigge has lived in Hawaii since 2013 .	0
" List of Itchy & amp ; Scratchy episodes	1
When the work was finished , the stone was usually signed with the name of the runemaster .	3
In the semifinal came a pleasant surprise as the defending consolation title-holder Felix Pipes lost to him in two fast sets .	4
The song was released on March 23 , 2007 by Epic Records as the second and final single from the album .	4
In 1991 they launched a line called Express , aimed at a more savvy customer .	2
His first major commission was for an apartment house at West 92nd Street and Broadway .	2
Each of the three subdivisions are further divided into clans known as " balis " , and they do not marry within their own clan .	5
End of Me may refer to :	0
He did not seek re-election in 1981 .	0
2012 USSDA 16 's SoCal Champion	0
He has written several books and articles .	0
In 2005 Gille and Wylenzek completely dominated the C-2 event .	1
" Mobile Suit Gundam MS IGLOO	0
The players complied ; leading 4 – 0 at half-time , they finished as comfortable 7 – 1 winners .	3
It was led by Ante Kuzmanić .	0
The Lauterbach Stradivarius of 1719 is an antique violin fabricated by Italian luthier , Antonio Stradivari of Cremona ( 1644 – 1737 ) .	4
Itchy hands Scratchy the bill , of $ 100 .	1
He steps forward onto a square reading " SAFE " .	1
The events in her childhood inspired her to make a documentary .	1
The scores are usually given in percentages .	0
Cotter decides to trek across the empty seabed to England , in the faint hope that his daughter has somehow survived .	4
Errol Joseph Linden ( October 21 , 1937 – March 10 , 1983 ) was a National Football League offensive tackle .	4
Masters Athletics 400 m hurdles list	0
Egerton 3665 and Drexel 4302 on the other hand show great scribal diversity .	2
In addition , he was honorary surgeon to the Governor General of Australia from 1 July 1927 to 30 June 1931 .	4
Oral cultures have employed various strategies that achieve this without writing .	1
Grades are often absolute and not class-specific .	0
This is incorrect , as there are no wild penguins in the Arctic .	2
" The Viking Way " was reviewed in the journal " Antiquity " by Matthew Townend of the University of York 's Centre for Medieval Studies .	5
In its capacity as a county council it is a local education authority , responsible for social services , libraries and waste disposal .	4
Pasta may be enriched or fortified , or made from whole grains .	2
Most typically , extreme movements do not appear ' out of nowhere ' ; they are presaged by larger movements than usual .	4
He served in that capacity until 1997 , when he elected to take senior status .	2
But it was marked by the performance as the bitchy and envious Gláucia " A Gata Comeu " at one of its greatest hits .	5
The mizzen mast snapped off above the deck and the upper portion was not located .	2
In 1366 Sultan Abu Zayyan tried to remove his vizier Umar bin Abdulla al-Yabani from office , and was killed in response .	4
Itchy safely puts his camera in his pocket .	1
Gradually , the name evolved into " Appaloosa " .	1
Arthur R. McKinstry on November 17 , 1934 .	1
One person died after accidental ingestion of half a cup of pyridine .	2
Isherwood uses his characters to express varying views about Hitler , and most are shown to be alarmingly indifferent .	3
Raiders join and sing anew , Sonora , we love you ! "	2
Multipaned windows separated by pilasters and topped with arches run around the first floor , and rectangular windows with architrave trim are used on the second .	5
The new union suffered several splits .	0
134 on the " Billboard " 200 .	0
Physical examination of the four manuscripts brought Thompson to a new train of thought based on her conclusions .	3
In Mirmalik valley it snows up to in February .	1
Bernini built this fountain to be slightly below street level due to the low water pressure from the aqueduct .	3
Sertorius defeated Afrianius , Pompey 's lieutenant , on the left wing .	2
After eight days of repairs provisioning , and fueling , " Staunch " exited Ulithi Lagoon on 19 March 1945 .	4
" Constitution of Uruguay of 1997	0
In 2008 the 4 units , originally owned by Richard Neutra and sold by his son Dion Neutra around 1999 , were converted to condominium ownership .	5
To Ella is an album by American folk singer Odetta , released 1998 on Silverwolf Records .	3
Malvern Festival may refer to :	0
For this reason , dehydrogenases have pivotal roles in metabolism .	1
Others are in the Freer Gallery .	0
Fluxus 2017 had footfall of around 30,000 .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " Itchy & Scratchy Land "	1
He was mentioned in despatches another five times .	1
Pompey said that he would rather kill himself than go against Sulla .	2
In the 1960s , the Bunnaloo Table Tennis Club was established and operated .	2
His nephew Vikram Prabhu is also a famous actor these days who has acted in handful of films as lead .	4
And in return , he will give me absurd wealth and power over the weak and pitiful of the world .	4
In the quarter final Manchester City again played opposition from Liverpool , facing Everton at Maine Road .	3
" National Engineering School of Tunis	0
Chatterley has also critiqued comments made by religion writer Karen Armstrong in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo and Kosher Grocery murders in Paris .	5
Title pun : " Come Fly with Me "	1
In 1804 he printed his " Humorous stories in different Castilian meters " ( Valencia , 1804 ) and moved to Cadiz to run the family business .	5
" Simpsons " episode : " A Star Is Burns "	1
Both of these men studied with Gao early on when he was teaching in Shandong province .	3
Each episode uses humour and numerous excerpts from historical radio broadcasts and commercials to make its point .	3
There is a white spot in the armpits .	1
Originally equipped with the Lorain system taking its power supply from studs in the road , it was later converted to run from overhead wires .	5
He was secretary general of the Societat d 'Estudis Occitans , created in Toulouse in 1930 , and followed the methods of the Institut d 'Estudis Catalans .	5
In the case of transition metals such as iron , cobalt , and nickel , the absorption spectra for EMCD are usually measured at the L-edge .	5
Before the formation of Sevendust , Hornsby was in the band Snake Nation along with Morgan Rose , also of Sevendust .	4
He also teaches private students from his studio in Colorado Springs , Colorado and also offers online studies via Skype .	4
She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 July 1972 and sold to Mexico on 11 April 1973 .	4
Her theatre career has spanned decades .	0
The building is on the site of a former inn and a bowling green , which was the birthplace of the businessman and amateur scientist William Roscoe .	5
The following services operate through the station .	0
" 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup	0
The rural district has 5 villages .	0
As a matter of fact several hundred policemen were in the town what made the visitors feel quite uncomfortable .	3
The following example of a channel program reads a disk record identified by a Key field .	3
Nutting led the construction of the Pirates training academy in the Dominican Republic .	2
However , a group of enthusiasts took over the build and the reproduction project was completed in spring 2012 .	3
Dhaliwal was born in Greenford , London and his parents were first-generation Punjabi immigrants .	2
Amjad Bobby had little success in the decade of the 1970s .	1
Previously , access to the scrolls was limited to a small team of specialists who had been invited to translate them .	4
He retired to an estate he had bought , La Chaire , at Rozel in Jersey , where he died on 6 January 1860 .	5
The long abandoned Santa Elena gold and silver mine has been reopened , and employs upwards of 300 employees and contractors .	4
" 2016 Summer Olympics torch relay	0
Ana will cope with her guilt in both arenas .	1
Latrobe is located at ( 40.314940 , -79.381171 ) .	1
Lorde has received four nominations .	0
Grażyna Szmacińska participated in many international tournaments .	0
Synopsis : Itchy blows Scratchy 's head off with a bazooka .	1
When O 'Dell first moved to Nashville , he ran Bobby Goldsboro 's publishing company .	2
Just before leaving Clermont is an intersection with US 129 / SR 11 ( Cleveland Highway ) .	3
In many species , cannibalized males can mate longer , thus having longer sperm transfers .	2
On the Kukuriku Coalition list :	0
Eventually , a trend developed towards using the west and midwest US as ideal locations for shooting .	3
Biological Institute ( " Instituto Biológico " in Portuguese ) is an applied research center organised in 1924 in São Paulo , Brazil .	4
He scored his first NHL goal on October 24 , 2009 , against Marc-André Fleury of the Pittsburgh Penguins .	3
Alichur has a village school .	0
According to the 1998 census of Pakistan the population was 71,666 .	1
From the early 20th century the firm received more and more commissions for commercial buildings , and buildings such as offices and banks characterised the next decades .	5
In the 2008-2009 school year , Sonora 's girls ' water polo team won the CIF Southern Section championship .	3
Its malls in China include CapitaMall Xizhimen in Beijing , CapitaMall Hongkou in Shanghai and Raffles City Shanghai , CapitaMall SKY + in Guangzhou and Suzhou Center .	5
Unwittingly , he also starts to form an emotional attachment to her .	2
She began studying acting , won a number of elocution competitions and made her professional debut in 1890 in " Romeo and Juliet " .	5
Synopsis : Itchy and Scratchy are at a bowling alley .	1
She was extremely active , attending conferences , dealing with regional and national authorities and campaigning against child poverty and for women 's causes .	5
Guaibasauridae is a family of primitive saurischian dinosaurs , known from fossil remains of late Triassic period formations in Brazil and Argentina .	4
They are the three-dimensional analogs of polygonal compounds such as the hexagram .	2
They will join mixed-species feeding flocks , or accompany flame-throated warblers .	1
Helene nevertheless was a brilliant clinician , who stood up to Freud and got away with it when she ' disagreed with him about her patients . '	5
A large network of pirates coordinated operations over wide areas with large fleets .	2
It still had a local competitor in the workers ' club " Stabekk AIL " , which was organized in Arbeidernes Idrettsforbund .	4
It is found on Fiji .	0
Michel ’ s closest friends among Mexican painters during his lifetime included Juan Soriano , Manuel and Lola Alvarez Bravo , and Rufino and Olga Tamayo .	5
When the case went to trial , Judge W.J .	1
The 2012 National Football League Draft was held April 26 – 28 in the Radio City Music Hall in New York City , New York .	5
It has a length of 1250 metres .	0
Pyridine is conventionally detected by the gas chromatography and mass spectrometry methods .	2
Martin Donnelly then won on the road at Vallelunga , but was disqualified .	2
However , in arthropods this size dimorphism ratio is reversed , with females commonly larger than males .	3
" Kazhakams " or " Ambalakkazhakams " refer to associations of ambalavasi peoples in a temple to perform specific duties in the temple .	4
Prefixes used are as follows :	0
Other forms of chain growth polymerization include cationic addition polymerization and anionic addition polymerization .	2
The last section was completed connecting this junction to the Vieux-Port of Marseille in 1989 .	2
The risk of cannibalism becomes greatly reduced when opportunistic mating is practiced .	2
He was born at Kew on 2 February 1766 , the eldest son of William Aiton .	3
In 1928 , " L33 " was assigned to the China Station , along with her sister ships , , and .	4
It was hosted in two cities in Austria – Wiener Neustadt and Vienna – from September 7 to September 12 , 1999 .	4
Before Sonny can ask more questions , some of Blackjack 's men tear up Lamb 's garden .	3
6 , and charted for 13 weeks .	0
The Danish foreign ministry reviewed the 348 documents that the BBC obtained in 2001 under the Freedom of Information Act .	4
The mysterious Troy Hamilton recruits Walter to join his team of superheroes and Walter joins in the hope of helping to improve the world .	5
Her semi-autobiographical " A Story-Teller 's Childhood " was published in 1947 .	2
Spc98p and Spc97p are two similar yeast γ – tubulin ( Tub4p ) binding proteins required for microtubule nucleation .	3
In addition the tension in the rope must be the same for each of its parts .	3
They were soon joined by the remainder of their division , and the Confederate force was routed .	3
For live shows , Grainger opted out and The Face used Gary Nuttall , who went on to become long-time guitarist for Robbie Williams .	5
The remains of the wreck are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .	2
This allows for mechanical power , torque , and speed to be transmitted across axles .	2
This is next to Marlborough House and Steine House on the west side of Old Steine , and is taller and set further forward than both .	5
Company numbers rose to 80 .	0
This redirected beam bypasses the end mirror , allowing a very powerful pulse to be emitted .	3
The anthology is also notable for including the first Cthulhu Mythos story by Ramsey Campbell .	2
" All compositions by William Parker "	0
In 1995 he received the Billy Wilder Award of the Austrian Film Academy and the University of Vienna .	3
It is abundant along watercourses in dry and moist deciduous forests .	1
He retired as a brigadier general in 1942 .	1
Others died later in hospital from their terrible injuries .	1
FIDE Woman International Master ( 1978 ) .	0
Despite this the journey began at noon , with trees crammed into every possible corner of the ship .	3
Clayton & Black rebuilt it in the late 1920s , but it closed early in the 21st century and was knocked down in June 2013 .	5
This however contradicts with the fact that Zal was an albino himself	1
The Victorian Government decided in May 2013 to trial free helmet sharing by attaching the helmets to the handlebars of a portion of the bike share fleet .	5
It produces an annual opera .	0
The first episode airs on 28 December 2011 on YouTube , subsequent episodes were released on Every Thursday , each clip lasted for 6 to 8 minutes .	5
The school was established in 1978 .	0
The river Szreniawa runs alongside Pławowice and its municipal capital of Nowe Brzesko is found 5 km away in the direction of Kraków .	4
Albanian is also spoken , but is not an official language .	1
This patch varies from yellow to orange between sites .	1
Upon the second insertion , however , the male remains inserted in the female .	2
The fleet that were usually transferred to Arriva Southern Counties is Dennis Dart SLF and Dennis Dominator buses .	3
Several enzymes have been shown to be involved in generation of ROS .	2
Most often Vengeance been an antiheroic foil to Ghost Rider .	1
Despite being injured , Min then leaves so that no one knows she was there .	2
It was described by Thomson in 1864 .	0
The coin weighed about 1.3 grams and consisted of 81 % silver .	2
Pyridine is easily attacked by alkylating agents to give " N " -alkylpyridinium salts .	2
Many budget decisions affect the creative direction of the project .	1
Several metamorphosing insects ' scientific names reference the myth .	1
" KSC " became " BSG Landbau Neustadt " in 1978 and the final renaming to " SV Schwarz-Rot " was announced on 27 July 1990 .	5
In that position he also served as commander of the Air Force units assigned to the Rapid Deployment Joint Task Force of the U.S .	5
The popular Japanese singing group SMAP 's songs became featured in Oronamin commercials in 1994 and 1995 .	3
Also , the earliest spheniscine lineages are those with the most southern distribution .	2
She aids Nick in framing Angus for stealing station supplies , and Angus is arrested .	2
The front steps and columns along Baltimore Street ( formerly the entrance ) are similar to the 19XX Lincoln Memorial style of Federal architecture .	5
The airfield was originally a grass strip .	0
The origins of the association appear to have begun by William Chappell .	2
The country was a one-party state at the time , with the Congolese Party of Labour as the sole legal party .	4
Dodwell married Phoebe Joyce of London .	0
Ancient Romans also enjoyed baking it in rich pies , called timballi .	2
Pura Besakih is a temple " ( pura ) " complex in the village of Besakih on the slopes of Mount Agung in eastern Bali , Indonesia .	5
Loudwire named Cornell 's final song of his final performance , " Slaves & Bulldozers " as their most unforgettable Chris Cornell moment .	4
In 1926 he was Acting Finance Member .	0
It became one of the most scandalous phenomena of Russian literature in the last decade .	2
One other tale relates the story about the Greek gods .	1
Ko struggled through the first five years of his writing career , before branching out into multiple genres , namely horror , science fiction , and romance .	5
The balustrade is a metal filigree work .	0
VII , a different version of scordatura notation is used .	1
Evansville left on July 30 , and Grand Rapids and Muskegon followed suit on August 2 .	3
The locality is on the Riverina Highway , about north west of Albury and south east of Howlong .	3
Another Good Institution Grading System :	0
His most quoted definition was found in the treatise on chemistry entitled " Fundamenta chymiae " in 1723 .	3
Weddle played shortstop for a boys baseball team in junior high , but she was not allowed to play with them in high school .	5
No known media player software implements more than basic support for this format .	2
He quotes other notable Orthodox priests and church officials such as M. Kozlov and S. Pravdoliubov as supporting his position .	4
The couple married in June 2015 .	0
But Franco — supported by the Church and Industry — was ensconced and Albornoz 's work on behalf of the duly elected government came to no avail .	5
It is found in the Dominican Republic .	0
Between the years 1954 and 1956 , he studied under the guidance of Douane Voth ( piccolo ) , and Martín Quiñones ( singing lessons ) .	5
From a young age he devoted himself to journalism and founded a literary Ateneo leading magazine " Gente Nueva " and the newspaper " La Opinión " .	5
In 2009 , however , few Americans were familiar with leaders of Congress .	2
I had a feeling about that song immediately . "	1
In addition to standard high school courses , the school offers :	1
On May 29 , Dylan started a sixteen date tour of Canada and the United States , ten of the concerts took place in Canada .	5
Wounded in a gunfight with Leverett but victorious , Cash recovers and reads in the paper about the proof of General Blackwell 's innocence .	5
Maccabi Kafr Qara remained in Liga Alef .	0
He insisted that the people and the Church return to the teachings of the Bible .	2
On June 10 , 2008 , the computer 's complete redesign was revealed , showing a new brushed metal case and mounted 7 " auxiliary screen .	5
Miller was considered a potential candidate to run for attorney general in 2014 , with an eye on eventually becoming Governor of Nevada .	4
But do you know we can now see the Woolworth tower and also the Singer Tower from the entrance of Patchin Place ...	4
It is found in Puebla , Mexico .	0
Bright lights are also " the ironic equivalent of darkness " in the film , blinding instead of illuminating .	3
There are 37 buildings and structures listed as Grade I by English Heritage in the city of Salisbury , Wiltshire , England .	4
It was described by Pascoe in 1857 .	0
Richard Durrant has written , and sung , numerous songs for BBC Schools TV programmes Numbertime and Watch .	3
Artistic runaways are films that shoot abroad to artistically service the story-a film about Paris that shoots in Paris .	3
" Simpsons " episode : " Krusty Gets Busted "	1
In the mid-1960s television advertisements and enamel billboards were used for marketing Oronamin along with other Otsuka Group products .	3
All 5 stores are closed as of February 2008 .	1
Appaloosas are not strictly a " color breed " .	1
She concluded that most patients are unable to make critical decisions about their health care in the consumer-driven model .	3
" The Coxcomb " was performed at Court early in November 1612 by the Children of the Queen 's Revels .	4
Astore valley has a moderate climate during summer .	1
He caught the attention of Montagu Norman , who made him a director of the Bank of England in 1921 .	4
It could be worn during the day in public only during the Saturnalia , the December festival during which social norms were turned topsy-turvy .	5
Native Hawaiians used " ilima " flowers to make " lei " .	2
1984 — NSAI \ \ Song of the Year \ " Mama He 's Crazy "	2
It was described by Bates in 1872 .	0
Also aboard were a substitute navigator ( Captain Curtis R. Criss ) and a mandatory third pilot ( Major Alfred D 'Mario ) .	4
In 2001 , she took part in the 3rd " Shulei Century Star " competition , and won the Top Champion " award .	4
18 in the final polls .	0
This was followed by a second , more direct , road so the ice on the first road was not fatigued by overuse .	4
This lens is constructed with a metal body and mount , and with plastic extremities and switches .	3
In 1815 he went on the midland circuit as marshal to Sir Alan Chambré , read in the chambers of Godfrey Sykes , and of Joseph Littledale .	5
It was described by Newman in 1842 .	0
Itchy tries to stab Scratchy but the knife goes through him .	1
To proceed with Indian Removal , President Andrew Jackson refused to recognize Harkins 's authority with the tribe .	3
Irish universities vary in their grading systems .	0
The tour started on August 12 in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada and came to an end a month later on September 12 in Mesa , Arizona .	5
Floricienta started with 14 points in its first episode .	1
Forgers held a special interest for Smythies : these include Jean de Sperati , Angelo Panelli and Philip Spiro	3
Smythies ' " The Forest Wealth of India " appeared in 1924 .	2
Acevedo began working as a typographer 's apprentice at the age of thirteen in Madrid , where he had moved with his family three years before .	5
The ship 's anchor was retrieved and now stands at the entrance to the Milwaukee Yacht Club .	3
The first American film production companies emerged in New Jersey and New York .	2
Examples of these interfaces include ODI and NDIS in the Microsoft Windows and DOS environment .	2
While working with Footworks , Andreassen recorded with friends Laura Cortese and Pierce Woodward under the name The Jolly Bankers .	4
It is found in Veracruz , Mexico .	0
There are no churches , no other religious institutions , nobody prays or meditates , and even funerals are non-religious affairs . "	4
It is situated approximately east of Pocklington on the B1246 road and from the city of York .	3
" Silver Condor Award for Best Film	0
It organized a series of simultaneous attacks on Russian officials , primarily policemen , in the Russian partition of Poland that occurred on August 15 , 1906 .	5
An additional benefit to cannibalization is the idea that a well-fed female is less likely to mate again .	3
The marriage produced two daughters and a son , Antje , Wolbert K. , former director of the Federal Intelligence Service ( ) and Hilke .	5
He went on to study at the Focșani Gymnasium .	1
In 1991 Małgorzata Wiese-Jóźwiak retired from chess .	0
In September 2015 , Ko announced another book – to – film adaption , " The Tenants Downstairs " , was to be released in 2016 .	5
While the issue was still being debated , Charles Philip died of a fever or ( it was said ) of a broken heart .	5
That same year , with C. G. Trevor , he authored " Practical Forestry Management . "	3
They donated money to communities and religious schools while protecting their occupants from local anti-Christians .	2
As with Tier 2 , Tier 3 databases are also available for curation for interested scientists .	3
In a laboratory experiment on " M. sociabilis " , males preferred to eat older females .	3
A pill box was erected in the harbour and the beach mined as part of the dragon 's teeth anti-tank defences .	4
After retiring from football , he became a publican in the north-east of England , and died in Sunderland of the effects of tuberculosis , aged 44 .	5
Meanwhile , the consul Piso sabotaged Pompey 's equipment and discharged his crews .	2
His recent credits include the score for the 2013 documentary feature , " While No One Is Watching " .	3
The New Zealand giant penguin was probably the heaviest , weighing 80 kg or more .	2
On the other hand , on Sundays and during Lent , they were obliged to stay away from the towns .	4
John A. Barnes , among others , is known to be the first to use the concept of social networks in a scientific context .	5
In October 2005 he gave a sermon which appeared in an abridged form in	2
He went to Salamanca to study letters , but entered the convent of Augustinians of Cascante and afterwards professed solemn vows on October 27 , 1557 .	5
Also , many debated that Tannehill , who was once a wide receiver recently turned quarterback , was not deserving of a top 10 pick .	5
Magliocco discusses the various different Pagan traditions , and the community division between those who call themselves " witches " and those who do not .	5
Denning 's street work is political rather than decorative .	1
The reaction with alkyl halides leads to alkylation of the nitrogen atom .	2
Oğuz Aral was interred at the Zincirlikuyu Cemetery in Istanbul .	1
He learned of the death of Mithridates when he was marching towards Jerusalem .	2
For example , Maija Isola created her " Luonto " ( Nature ) design [ series ] using actual plant specimens " . "	4
In 2011 he composed music for the Christimas movie " Als der Weihnachtsmann vom Himmel fiel " .	3
2 on the UK Dance charts .	0
These grades are described as follows :	0
The band is successful — for a time .	1
Pasta dishes are generally simple , but individual dishes vary in preparation .	2
Jack Minker ( born 1927 ) is a leading authority in artificial intelligence , deductive databases , logic programming and non-monotonic reasoning .	4
Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of " B + " on an A + to F scale .	4
It turns out it is simply baking soda . )	1
O. lambertii may refer to :	0
Above all , he was often able to adapt to his enemies .	2
Currently he is a research fellow at the Centre for Economic Policy Research , Institute for the Study of Labor and Igier-Bocconi .	4
He fled to Taipei , Taiwan during the Communist takeover of 1949 .	2
When Romeo goes to Casey 's house , as he needs assistance with his school work , he realises that Casey has a bad home life .	5
For Higher Doctorates the gown is scarlet with scarlet velvet facings and two bands of scarlet velvet on the sleeves .	4
In 1866 Hanover became part of the Kingdom of Prussia , under which it was known as the Province of Hanover .	4
It is found in Costa Rica .	0
The band members each have a record , except for the young singer .	2
When Blamey reorganised the Army on his return to Australia in 1942 , he appointed Burston as Director General of Medical Services .	4
It had clear , dry weather that " permitted outdoor filming for much of the year .	3
To sweeten the deal , Lockheed Martin said it would buy parts and systems for the F-35 from Israeli companies at a cost of $ 4 billion .	5
In return for passing on Callahan , Sonny demands his first-round picks back , along with punt returner David Putney .	4
SR 283 begins at an intersection with SR 60 ( Thompson Bridge Road ) northwest of Gainesville .	3
In November 1945 , Blamey was abruptly dismissed by the government .	1
" Simpsons " episode : " Funeral for a Fiend "	1
A study utilizing blind taste-testing has found that several common mass-produced lagers have indistinguishable tastes to the average consumer .	3
He delighted in sailing boats with his grandfather , camping , and survivalist strategy , He became quite skilled in many areas and crafts .	5
Because of the dictatorship of Miguel Primo de Rivera , Opisso leaves the political satire and drawings approach the custom themes , specializing in popular scenes .	5
U234 or U-234 may refer to :	0
The finance minister said consideration also had to be given to Washington 's opposition to the installation of Israeli systems and missiles on the plane .	5
2013 USSDA 18 's SoCal Champion	0
Compared to the work of rock band U2 , the song lyrically points believers towards honoring God in all they do .	4
The Skolts are considered to be the indigenous people of the borderland area between present-day Finland , Russia and Norway , i.e .	4
There appears to be a series of illustrations of the Seven deadly sins distributed among the details of the painting .	4
She was the second of the two Oscar I ( the Soviet classification was Project 949 Granit ) vessels constructed , the other being K-525 .	5
Aggression of the female is measured by latency ( speed ) of attack on prey .	2
When Pompey went to Syria he was visited by ambassadors from Syria and Egypt .	2
Roll Ball is a game designed by a Sports teacher of Maharashtra Education Society 's Balshikshan Mandir School from Pune - Mr. Raju Dabhade .	5
The presence of the bomber in Greenland airspace in 1968 therefore triggered public suspicions and accusations that the policy was being violated .	4
Six crew members ejected safely , but one who did not have an ejection seat was killed while trying to bail out .	4
Copayments , deductibles and out-of-pocket contributions may vary among plans .	1
The largest difference is expected between the case where one virtual photon with left circular polarization and one with right circular polarization are absorbed .	5
" The Traditional " , a short story , was published in " Lightspeed " magazine in 2013 .	3
The first award was given in 2005 .	0
" Simpsons " episode : " Like Father , Like Clown "	1
Box calls create turkey sounds with the friction created by sliding the lid across the surface of the box .	3
Watford were drawn away to Stevenage .	0
A massive series of powerful earthquakes on a worldwide scale reduce towns and cities to rubble and plunge the few survivors into barbarism .	4
Her mother died when she was 10 .	0
It was there that he came to grips with his Jewish ancestry and took part in what was the birth of the Jewish State .	5
Typifying is a prominent rhetorical tool employed by moral entrepreneurs when attempting to define social problems .	3
However , in 1997 , the SeaDogs ran to a 21 – 7 regular season record and won the league championship .	4
Tokyo , Sumida Ward , Midori 4-2-1	0
This gene is a member of the synaptotagmin gene family and encodes a protein similar to other family members that mediate membrane trafficking in synaptic transmission .	5
The fleet of eight Embraer EMB 120 Brasilia that formed the backbone of the Naturelink fleet were transferred to National Airways upon takeover .	4
Lyrically , " American Dream " discusses " the way fathers caught up in the career rat race can neglect their kids " .	4
Japan launched an attack on the Philippines on 9 December 1941 , just ten hours after their attack on Pearl Harbor .	4
It is set in common time in the key of A major and has a tempo of 112 beats per minute .	4
" All compositions by William Parker "	0
She was the first of the two Oscar I ( the Soviet classification was Project 949 Granit ) vessels constructed , the other being K-206 .	5
Born in Salina , Kansas , he first started playing swing music with Benny Goodman and Charlie Spivak in the 1940s and 1950s .	4
1962 – 1966 the Sno-King Unitarian Fellowship started renting Edmonds High School .	2
Though signed to Aftermath , Ortiz released an album titled " " April 24 , 2007 on Koch Records .	3
Frankland believed that the rise in allergies results from increased cleanliness and the levels of hygiene in modern life ; the so-called hygiene theory .	5
Paula has money and convinces Rolondo to accompany her to play poker .	2
The original fire doors were rated to survive for two hours .	1
It included a zine with essays and prisoners ' artwork , and proceeds from the album and live shows benefited DC Books to Prisons .	5
Many of the former Ritz fragrances , such as Enjoli , are sold today under the Revlon name .	3
Human parechoviruses cause mild , gastrointestinal or respiratory illness , but have been implicated in cases of myocarditis and encephalitis .	4
The following family tree illustrates a synthesis of the relationships of the early theropod groups compiled by Hendrickx " et al . "	4
They were bad runners , with feet curved in a way that implies it did not move on the ground .	4
" Pyramid Point State Marine Conservation Area	0
He is a University of Northern Iowa graduate .	1
At the station , Sam asks why Bates was dressed that way .	2
Lorde has received three nominations .	0
It 's a Girl may refer to :	0
The rural district has 17 villages .	0
Wingbone calls originally were made from the wingbones of a turkey , and some still are .	3
In reality , spirit guides are unrelated to the Witchcraft in the " Harry Potter " books and are not sought by Wiccans .	4
As a solution , Ynglings emphasise the theme of " creating beneficial descendants " ( " sozidanie blagodetel 'nogo potomstva " ) .	4
" The Two Orphans ( 1942 film )	0
" Silver Condor Award for Best Director	0
It was described by Lane in 1973 .	0
At the time Otto was roommates with Sara Klemm , who was organizing a compilation CD to benefit the DC Books to Prisons chapter she 'd founded .	5
Behind the wheel of the No .	0
For example , for a work first published in 2011 :	1
Their orientation can be straight , bowed or bent at an angle .	2
Team Dara and Team Michal performed .	0
Downes , in his role as DGMS , pressed for the construction of major military hospitals in the capital cities .	4
Sulla was annoyed , but did not want to hinder his career and kept quiet .	2
As a teenager , he graduated to playing rehearsal piano for his uncle and others like Gianandrea Gavazzeni .	3
'How ' and ' by what means ' fall under agency .	1
The symmetry groups of the Platonic solids are a special class of three-dimensional point groups known as polyhedral groups .	3
An updated version of the book was published in 2007 .	1
To achieve this , he walked four days without eating until reaching Linares , where an acquaintance of his father gave him a passage to the capital .	5
The rural district has 6 villages .	0
Under Revlon , the brand Charles of the Ritz began to slip in image and prestige .	3
The team 's manager was Slaviša Jokanović .	0
If the number of away goals was equal in both games , the match was decided by extra time and a penalty shootout , if necessary .	5
Separately , Jack McClane , who has been arrested after an assassination attempt , negotiates for a shorter sentence by offering to testify against Komarov .	5
Jody is a spoiled brat who , after being told off by Jimmy , begins to change .	3
The band performed the song at a February 5 , 2010 concert at the Sprint Center in Kansas City , Missouri .	4
This area of Anatolia came truly under Roman control after Pompey 's victories .	2
Many of the Leakey family have made contributions to archaeology and anthropology .	2
Segun Ojewuyi directed him in an ironical play " The Man Who Never Died " at the National Theater , Lagos .	4
That year , fifteen clubs entered the competition .	1
These transactions continue to offend some Chinese .	0
The band broke six records , including the highest and fastest concert , recording and gig in a plane .	3
Connect is the fourth studio album by Australian band Sick Puppies , and was released on 16 July 2013 by Capitol Records .	4
Dried pasta is mainly shipped over to farther locations and has a longer shelf life .	2
Michael Naylor is an English football referee .	0
Sniper Jeffrey Boyes would issue the signal to execute the assault .	1
is the first single from Queen Latifah 's fourth studio album , " Order in the Court " ( 1998 ) .	4
In the book " The unleashed scandal .	0
In the past , ancient Romans cooked pastas by frying or boiling it .	2
Casey struggles to cope with what he has done and he later goes out to the forest with Sasha , where he has sex with her .	5
David Taylor ( born 25 August 1965 ) is a retired Welsh footballer and current manager .	3
However , he is forced to steer his ship into the Formation 's dreadnought .	2
This adaptation has most likely evolved in response to the overly aggressive nature of female spiders .	3
The study was notable for being the first in the field which used randomised , controlled methods and a standardised approach to every patient .	5
The Harmony Society ( 1785 – 1906 ) , founded by George Rapp , was another German-American religious group influenced by Radical Pietism .	4
In 1924 a new railway line was laid , with Bunnaloo homing a new station .	2
Although he recorded no major wins he finished placed in several stakes races including the Swaps Stakes , the Super Derby and the Silver Screen Handicap .	5
Phoenix screened as two thirteen-part series on Australian Broadcasting Corporation in 1992 and 1993 .	2
The lancers returned to Australia in December 1900 .	1
It was extended to most parts of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir in 1990 after the outbreak of an armed insurgency in 1989 .	5
The family Dilophosauridae was proposed by Alan Charig and Andrew Milner in 1990 to contain only the type genus , " Dilophosaurus " .	4
Green wrote the song on his own , though Al Jackson Jr. and Green 's producer Willie Mitchell received co-writing credits .	4
University of Heilongjiang has created the " Northeastern base of International Chinese language promotion " with Jilin University , Liaoning University and Yanbian University .	5
The film starred Juan Corona , María de la Fuente , Pilar Gómez , Iván Grondona and Josefina Ríos .	3
He was a leader in the resurrected Anti-Masonic party and once campaigned for its Presidential nomination .	3
It was probably composed c . 1487 by Diarmaid Bacach Mac Parrthaláin , a native of Tullyhaw and a scribe under the patronage of the McGovern chief .	5
As of 2014 , the top employers in the city were :	1
FIDE Woman International Master ( 1981 ) .	0
Kupp is a devout Christian .	0
The Howling Commandos are charged with stopping him .	1
He also took part in the channelling of the Danube river .	1
From 1967 to 1971 , Pardo was also Malta 's Ambassador to the United States .	2
He specified that there were three Iberian chiefs and two Albanian ones .	2
Many of these pianos are still in use today around Australia and , undamaged or restored , can be quite expensive .	4
( Fecteau had been released in December 1971 after serving nineteen years of a 20-year sentence . )	3
Angus Thermopyle , an evil but unsuccessful pirate , walks in with a beautiful woman on his arm .	3
However , more generally , for natural stochastic processes , the precise relationship between volatility measures for different time periods is more complicated .	4
Breast cancer 5-year survival rate	0
The per capita income for the city was $ 18,208 .	1
The festival 's first edition featured seven bands , mostly death metal , and about 120 visitors .	3
However he did defend his South of France title by beating Giovanni Balbi de Robecco by only dropping two games .	4
" Simpsons " episode : " The Day the Violence Died "	1
He and his followers admitted they have never read any of the books , and tossed in some Stephen King novels .	4
" House at 1050 S. Madison Ave .	0
In 1931 his father Jacob , seeking freedom from religious persecution and a better future for his family , emigrated to Montevideo , Uruguay .	5
Following a quick three and out by the Texans following halftime , punt returner Marcus Thigpen returned a punt for 72 yards for a touchdown .	5
A frustrated Sonny leaves the church and is jumped by Blackjack and Cavin , who beat him unconscious .	3
He died in 1907 of acute nephritis .	0
Newly trained Ethiopian ministers opened their own schools in their parishes and offered to educate members of their congregations .	3
The top surface of the fuselage was faired to a semi-circular section .	2
Over time Rolondo falls in love with her , but as it turns out , Paula is a lesbian .	3
Earlier he had been a member of a military masonic lodge .	1
Shortly after entering White County , the route meets its northern terminus , an intersection with SR 115 .	3
As they attempt to escape , Jack follows Komarov , while John goes after Irina , who is escaping on a Mil Mi-26 helicopter .	5
Taking a drug , she falls into a coma and is presumed dead by the family , who cover her body and sing a song over her .	5
In 1993 he created , designed , and wrote a point-and-click adventure game for Time Warner called " " .	3
Critics claim that per capita income has several weaknesses in measuring prosperity :	2
Synopsis : Scratchy visits a mouse cardiologist ( Itchy ) .	1
It was described by Robinson in 1968 .	0
The first Bunnaloo Hall was built in 1927 at a cost of £ 702 .	2
The M548 is a tracked cargo carrier .	0
In the UK , this field is more often termed " angiology " , and in the United States the term vascular medicine is more frequent .	5
Following training in gunnery , antisubmarine warfare , and minesweeping operations , she sailed on 22 January 1945 for the Volcano Islands .	4
Patty knows what lies ahead if she takes the mark but can still not believe in Christ .	3
" 2010 Africa Cup of Nations Group A	0
During this operation , the Indian army had around 83 + casualties with 220 injuries , and 200 – 250 Sikh militants were killed .	5
With her eighth nomination , Beyoncé tied Mary J. Blige for the most nominations received for Best Female R & B Artist .	4
A year later , CBS purchased the television rights for $ 450,000 .	2
This edition returned to a format more in line with the original edition , but also incorporated a modern approach and feel .	4
Microsoft was also criticized for changing the description for Ultimate Extras within the operating system .	2
The school 's administration chose not to directly teach the history of Macau , although some teachers chose to incorporate that history within their history lessons .	5
Azadistan may also refer to :	0
Hosted Dec. 21-22 at the Whitehorse Curling Club	0
Kovačević had a successful playing career in both SFR Yugoslavia with FK Partizan , and in France with FC Nantes and Angers SCO .	4
Once again , Roman discipline overcame a larger barbarian force .	1
The first precursors of true Gaelic dictionaries were the vocabularies , often little less than wordlists , which made their first appearance in 1702 with Rev .	5
After this , her mother died of illness ( 6.425 ) .	1
He trained his students according to their interests , attitude , and physical condition .	2
The outer vertices of a compound can be connected to form a convex polyhedron called the convex hull .	3
The main plot finds McClane travelling to Russia to get his estranged son , Jack , an undercover CIA agent , out of prison .	5
During this time , he expressed his interest in codes and ciphers , publishing two books on the topic .	3
Warter is a small village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .	3
Title pun : Koyaanisqatsi : Life out of Balance < br >	1
Hornbacher 's is a wholly owned subsidiary of St .	1
From 1995 – 9 he was Rector of St Nicholas ' Collegiate Church , Galway and Provost of Tuam .	3
Anyone who taught martial arts in Tianjin City had to have real fighting skill .	2
Piggy Bank gathers RDF data where it is available , and where it is not available , it generates it from HTML by using screen scrapers .	5
Younes told " TV Week " that Casey commits arson to stop tension between the two gangs , but just makes the situation worse .	5
It was described by Lane in 1973 .	0
Of the 9,837 nasal swabs taken , 335 samples had detectable levels of alpha particle activity , although none was above acceptable levels .	4
As his father 's heir , Pompey could be held to account .	2
The most-studied of these is the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex .	1
The Viking Way : Religion and War in Late Iron Age Scandinavia is an archaeological study of Norse paganism in Late Iron Age Scandinavia .	5
Several election officials have claimed that these efforts significantly increased voter registration .	2
Jimmy ( Jim ) Fox and Richard Kriss 's brother , Tommy Kriss , were the founders of the James Gang .	4
Nevertheless , presidential powers remained somewhat limited .	0
The water sample is tested for pH and the effect of pH on the ecosystem is discussed .	3
The first award was given in 2001 .	0
This species of frog reaches about 35mm in length .	1
The last years of her life were spent in Tasmania , where she became a noted figure in education , radio and the arts .	5
" Party Time " peaked at No .	0
The pro-Aristobulus faction went to the Temple and prepared for a siege .	2
Synopisis : Scratchy is on a plane filled with Itchy-like mice .	1
A series of online fatāwa have been logged by imams against " Harry Potter " , decrying it as un-Islamic .	4
Downes missed this operation , as he remained on Lemnos supervising the hospital until he returned to Anzac on 11 August .	4
The present monitor has been modified from the original cap structure , which did not cope well with the heavy snow loads at the site .	5
Early Nez Perce horses were considered to be of high quality .	1
The station , " Sunny 98.3 " , was first WFAV and later WKKN in Cordele , Georgia , and then WQXZ .	4
" Simpsons " episode : " The Cad and the Hat "	1
Charles Jundt was the New York City coiffeur who founded the Charles of the Ritz line of cosmetics products .	3
Clint Lowery of Still Rain from North Carolina replaced Lee Banks in 1995 when the band 's arduous schedule forced him to quit .	4
He died in Saint Paul , Minnesota .	0
The rural district has 28 villages .	0
When asked if she believed in an afterlife , she said , " Yes ; I think I do . "	4
Out of the seven , MetaCyc is a major database that contains almost 2500 metabolic pathways from many organisms .	3
In this unit , career talents find job hunters ' strengths through their VCR and learn more about their qualities , characters and personalities .	5
These compounds affect cellular membrane function , in part by inducing lipid peroxidation and by causing lipid damage .	3
During the tour Dylan also performed four concerts in Paris , France and six sold out concerts at the Hammersmith Apollo in London , England .	5
It is found in India .	0
For the 2016 US Presidential election , Facebook implemented reminders to register to vote in its social network .	3
When Pompey was about to cross the river Artoces sued for peace .	2
The campus is 23 km away from Kannur railway station .	1
He made his senior debut for B 93 in the 1998 – 99 Danish Superliga season .	3
In 2015 , Jung was cast in his first ever television series as a welder-turned-rookie lawmaker in political drama " Assembly " .	4
It was described by Pascoe in 1866 .	0
Royal Son of Ethiopia is reggae singer Sizzla 's sixth studio album , released on Greensleeves on June 22 , 1999 .	4
The competition returned for its second installment in 2017 , this time with Dr. Jorge Cham of Piled Higher and Deeper as its invited guest speaker .	5
Ankeny is part of the Central Iowa Metro League or CIML .	1
Today Assisi embroidery is nearly always done this way .	1
A preview of the first single " There 's No Going Back " was released on YouTube on 10 May 2013 .	4
It is found in New Guinea .	0
The downward stems are usually drawn from the right side of the notehead , but occasionally from the center .	3
At this point in time , Dong had not accepted many Bagua Zhang students .	2
The Tour du Grand Montréal was an annual women 's road bicycle racing stage-race in Canada , between 2002 and 2009 .	4
People with the name include :	0
The methods used to calculate voter turnout can lead to higher numbers because additional factors are considered .	3
" Board of Canadian Registered Safety Professionals	0
" Carl August von der Meden	0
If the pulleys are of differing diameters , a mechanical advantage is realised .	2
He then besieged them and they surrendered together with the islands and towns they controlled .	2
Partial palp severance can result in a successful mating plug but not to the extent of full palp severance .	3
However , on 7 April 2017 , Weigh was diagnosed with a minor pre-stress fracture in his foot , ruling him out for six weeks .	5
The buildings together form a Historic district that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2003 .	4
Synopsis : Itchy and Scratchy are trapeze artists in a circus .	1
to the opening of a gallery under the Brooklyn Bridge in 1983 .	2
It was revealed that Ortiz signed with Shady Records as a solo act .	2
The Abu Dhabi Desert Challenge is an international rally raid race held in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi of the United Arab Emirates since 1991 .	5
Synopsis : Farmer Itchy runs out of butter .	1
Thus , " annualized " volatility " σ " is the standard deviation of an instrument 's yearly logarithmic returns .	4
The Old Testament in Ethiopia may be a translation of the Hebrew with possible assistance from Jews .	3
His children by the chief queen were :	0
Team Dara and Team Michal performed .	0
Burbage said that training could commence in 2016 , but it is for the Pentagon to decide which aircraft will be made available for Israeli training .	5
The IAF was sufficiently committed to this principle to override protests from the leaders of Israeli defense contractors , who claimed that the deal was damaging them .	5
He is most notable for his fairy tale Pessi and Illusia and initiating conservation work for whooper swan in Finland .	4
From 1992 , he has exhibited across Britain .	1
from Carleton College in 1973 and an M.S .	1
Valuev was always close to the literary world .	1
This allowed the general population to purchase glass drinking vessels for the first time .	2
Together they had five children , and at the time of his death Wetmore had eleven grandchildren and two great-grandchildren .	4
The prayerful day was long .	0
He made such an uproar that the kidnappers agreed .	1
The Koninklijke HFC was the first Dutch football club .	1
After seeing success in intertwining states through economic coalition , liberal supporters began to believe that warfare was not always an inevitable part of IR .	5
to streamline the piano manufacturing procedures and employ cutting edge American piano designer , Delwin Fandrich , to redesign the pianos .	4
I 've now made Liverpool my English team .	1
The Abbot and Captain Beaupré fought ; Staff intervened and the Margrave then fell upon the Master of Horse with drawn sword , who fled .	5
The Morning Show with Chris & Kristen ( 6a-10a ) , Middays with Bill Williams ( 10 am – 2 pm ) ,	4
More recently he has written a biography of John Henry Bernard ( Linden Publishing , 2008 ) .	3
I recommend it to anyone who needs an anti-depressive , an acupuncture session or any such other form of deep relaxation .	4
No qualitative variables in the example .	0
In March 2012 , it was named one of the " Top 10 Small Tourist Towns " by the Tourism Bureau .	4
Leigh attended Clifton College in Bristol .	0
On the way , Mahallan explains to Griffin that Admiral Fanning had opposed the destruction of Aerie 's sun .	3
These shortened M1905 bayonets were re-designated as M1905E1 .	1
( Young Chang has manufactured pianos for Yamaha as well as piano components for Steinway and other notable European piano brands . )	4
Public voted and selected their winner .	0
It was described by Linsley in 1942 .	0
Cheng Tinghua was killed during the Boxer Rebellion when the Eight-Nation Alliance invaded Beijing ( 1900 ) .	3
since 1903 ) and L 'Esquella of Torratxa ( from 1912 ) , signing oriented political satire , which are graphically related art nouveau drawings .	5
12 most sold of the Gospel Albums .	0
Title pun : " My Dinner with Andre "	1
After a success-filled period at NAC , he extended his contract by two-and-a-half years in January 2007 .	3
They are listed for reference Wythoff 's symbol for each of the Platonic solids .	2
Burgess joined the New Zealand Volunteer Forces in 1898 .	1
Multiple methods of sexual approaches have evolved in cannibalistic species as a result of sexual cannibalism .	3
The effect was first proposed in 2003 and experimentally confirmed in 2006 by the group of Prof. Peter Schattschneider at the Vienna University of Technology .	5
His life remained economically and artistically unstable until the mid 1930s because of the lack of money or health issues , especially a tumor on his neck .	5
In 2008 , Bouton founded Entagen .	0
In the meantime , the 8th Army got a deputy commander , General der Artillerie Friedrich von Scholtz , who was simultaneously commander of XX Corps .	5
The handling of the operation , damage to the holy shrine and loss of life on both sides , led to widespread criticism of the Indian Government .	5
In June 1978 , he became commander of Tactical Air Command 's 9th Air Force with headquarters at Shaw Air Force Base in South Carolina .	5
Kyrgyzstan employs a five-point grading system :	0
The printing process must be carefully controlled .	0
The plant is currently brewing Iron City Beer under contract .	1
All songs except " Uru Uru Mon " are written by Sumon and all tracks composed and produced by Aurthohin .	4
Per capita income ( PCI ) or average income measures the average income earned	2
He subsequently read medicine at The Queen 's College , Oxford and St Mary 's Hospital Medical School , now part of Imperial College London .	5
Troy Heller , and the elementary principal is Mrs. Annie Bradford .	1
When he assumes she is flirting with Xavier Austin ( David Jones-Roberts ) , they resume dating and she agrees to wait for him .	5
Gastrointestinal absorption is variable and decreases with the use of food .	1
Title pun : " Let them eat cake "	1
From 1979 to 1984 , Gruman worked at the Greenwich House Counseling Center with substance abusers and their families .	3
In 2009 Monmouth Civic Society identified 24 historic and interesting buildings in the town , and organised the production and fixing of ceramic blue plaques to them .	5
( 44,000 sq ft . ) facility with exhibition spaces that include the 400 m ² .	3
The IAF dispatched two officers to the US where they discussed issues involving the integration of Israeli technology into the fighter with Pentagon and Lockheed Martin officials .	5
The consul Cornelius Lentulus advised them to leave the senate for their safety .	2
The building is no longer extant .	0
This modification of the Reppe synthesis can be activated either by heat or by light .	2
In 1837 Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria awarded him for the composition of some arrangements he had made for the Spanish opera singer Maria Malibrán .	5
International and historic artworks are utilized to provide context and background for Canadian developments .	2
Noting that two of its pieces had composer attributions abbreviated as " F. " and F.T .	3
The club was founded on 16 March 1912 , really as a continuation of the club " Stabæk SFK " from 1908 .	4
Cornelia thought that Pompey was going to be killed , but he boarded the boat .	2
" Silver Condor Award for Best Original Screenplay	0
Bobby is actually now the Vice President of the United States .	1
41 on the Top Rock Albums chart .	0
He has since returned to the private sector .	1
Bešenić began his career in the 4 .	0
" Flag of the Region of Murcia	0
It was described by Nonfried in 1895 .	0
In March 2012 , it was named one of the " Top 10 Small Tourist Towns " by the Tourism Bureau of Taiwan .	4
It was originally classified by Mikhail A. Fedonkin as belonging to the problematic Arthropod Class " Paratrilobita . "	3
It is found in the Dominican Republic .	0
I 've said it to his face in front of other people ...	2
When the Morstins first received the estate in dowry its nucleus was a wooden manor house or " dwór " .	4
The former " Specter " was acquired by the Mexican Navy in April 1973 and renamed ARM " DM-04 " .	4
Fogg 's name was the cause of an incident when he was refereeing a game involving Hughie Gallacher one day .	4
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature ( LPSN ) and National Center for Biotechnology Information ( NCBI )	5
On 2 March 1917 ( Old Style ) Nicholas II abdicated .	1
Beaches are usually heavily eroded during storm surges and the beach profile steepened , whereas normal wave action on flat coasts tends to raise the beach .	5
Richie is shocked to see him wearing the jacket .	1
It was described by Fisher in 1932 .	0
Pyruvate decarboxylation by the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex produces acetyl-CoA .	1
" Simpsons " episode : " Bart Gets an F "	1
Gigi 's birthday was Sept 23rd .	0
After training they were deployed to India .	0
Mason modified a 1928 custom aircraft built by students of the California Polytechnic State University into an aerial broadcasting booth for NBC with the call sign KHRCX .	5
Once again they mixed the old cement and constructed that brilliant wall of a defence .	2
The team 's colours were red shirts and white shorts .	1
" Cría Cuervos " was originally released as " Cría ! "	1
It is found in the Dominican Republic .	0
Some chiral pairs of face groups are colored by symmetry of the faces within each polyhedron .	3
He held this post for the duration of the war .	1
Film theorist Robin Wood also discusses how the shower washes " away her guilt " .	2
Then his success continued till his death in 2005 .	1
He skipped the last race of the season with the championship already won .	2
Branch died on September 24 , 1861 and is buried in Liberty .	2
He was eager to command in the war with the Hernici .	1
It has been read on radio and released as a puppet theatre series on Irish TV .	3
Pompey said that Caesar 's command should come to an end on its expiration .	2
For President Calhoun , removing the Choctaw nation first would benefit his overall moderate removal policy .	3
In 1994 , she was renamed ARM " General Manuel E. Rincón " ( C52 ) , after Mexican general Manuel E. Rincón .	4
Additionally there are also has 108 classic songs for the system to complement the 108 major movements .	3
Dr. Siemon-Netto founded CLTPL-LFM and is its director emeritus .	1
Infantry Mobility Vehicles share similar design to the trucks they are designed to replace .	2
It was designed by Lt .	0
Ángela Auad ( born 29 February 1945 in Jujuy , Argentina ; " disappeared " December 17 or 18 , 1977 ) was an Argentine social activist .	5
When he got there , 7,000 of the enemy forces went over to him .	2
It is a collection of their music videos from 1990 – 2002 .	2
He established himself in the Excelsior first team squad during his first year at the club .	3
Binomial numbers formed this way form Lucas sequences .	1
The Senate , still unprepared , was panicked at Caesar 's unexpected speed .	2
The club folded right before the start of the next season .	1
In 1931 , he lost a match to Böök ( 4,5 : 5,5 ) .	2
It is found in Ecuador .	0
This was Celtic 's first season in the Scottish Cup and indeed football , so making it to the final was quite an achievement .	5
The bond lengths and bond angles in pyridine and pyridinium are almost identical .	2
Rassam was the first Assyrian archaeologist .	0
Bielsko-Biała will replace Lubin as host city .	0
It was described by Knull in 1941 .	0
Dennis finished fourth with 25,764 votes .	0
Picket posts manned by the 1st Alabama were located at the Hamburg , Glendale , Clear Creek and Danville Roads on the eastern approaches to Corinth .	5
The other layers ( MT ends , IP , IL1 , and OP ) do not show ordered packing .	3
It was described by Gounelle in 1911 .	0
Granger , a Christian classicist , has defended the books in his book , " Looking for God in Harry Potter " .	4
Angus goes EVA and launches a singularity grenade at Free Lunch and detonates it .	2
Earlier , during the show 's 1952 episodes , the jeep was called Nellybelle .	2
4 Main Divisions : Ben 本 , Jie 解 , Cai 拆 , Bian 变 .	2
The match was Milan 's tenth appearance in the final .	1
Her godmother was Queen Alexandra .	0
The Garima Gospels are thought to be the world 's oldest illuminated Christian manuscripts .	2
A group that included Jonathan Arthur , Thomas Brooman , Martin Elbourne , Bob Hooton , and Steve Pritchard eventually brought the festival to fruition in 1982 .	5
as summarized below in the table .	0
Her propulsion system consisted of two diesel engines for use while surfaced and two corresponding electric motors for use submerged .	4
The area was subject to postwar urban renewal , and the building was demolished in 1965 in favour of flats with an integral hall .	5
In June 2007 , he became the first officer who had served on a Combatant Status Review Tribunal to publicly criticize its operations .	4
On 7 October 2010 , Ehud Shani , director general of the Israeli Ministry of Defense signed the deal while in New York City .	5
Eric Sanicola is an American music producer and songwriter credited on numerous Gold and Platinum albums , including various " Billboard " magazine charting singles .	5
It underwent two major restorations .	0
" Snow White and the Seven Thieves	0
The band 's current line up consists of :	1
His paintings have been shown in many solo and mixed exhibitions .	1
The Company went into receivership in September and , after some complex manoeuvering , became part of the United Electric Car Company Ltd. in June 1905 .	5
The “ Berry Plan ” deferred doctors who were taking their residency , so that the Army would get the benefit of their advanced education .	5
He played left-handed with a heavy topspin , after he had to give up his right-handed style due to a childhood injury .	4
It moved to Lemnos in June , where it operated a hospital , but returned to ANZAC Cove for the August offensive .	4
Lifters without a valid snatch score did not perform the clean and jerk .	2
The wingspan is about 25 mm .	0
Charles Edward Clayton was born in 1853 in Brighton , and Ernest Black , son of the Brighton coroner , was born there two years later .	5
The Judiciary Act thereby incorporated the concept of judicial review .	1
Encouraged by his faculty advisor , Professor Joseph Bequaert , Fairchild chose the Tabanidae , a family of insects known as " horse flies " .	5
Clayton & Black were commissioned to execute the School Board 's " grandiose plans " for three blocks accommodating about 1,200 children and associated facilities .	5
Auad was buried in the garden of Santa Cruz Church alongside Léonie Duquet , Esther Ballestrino de Careaga , and María Ponce de Bianca .	5
Cutler eventually nears reaching the treasure , attracting the attention of O 'Neill , who discovers Jacob and Whitehead gone .	4
After rescuing one of them , Jimmy , David leads him to Christ .	2
This has the advantage of evenly distributed spatial resolution without singularities ( i.e .	2
In 1896 he married Mary Eccles in Lancashire .	1
However , he was released at the end of the campaign , and joined local rivals Les Herbiers on 3 June 2010 .	4
In 1948 Irish Playwright Teresa Deevy published an essay on Patricia Lynch entitled ' A Study ' .	3
Its exact position is uncertain .	0
He is currently a social worker .	0
Several streets away lived Don Frew and Anna Korn , the high priest and high priestess of a Gardnerian group known as the Coven Trismegiston .	5
Popeye K was bred in Ashton , Ontario at Ashland farm .	1
Another convex polyhedron is formed by the small central space common to all members of the compound .	3
She was the youngest of four daughters .	0
Almawi is also the Chief of the Special and Molecular Diagnostics Laboratory in Bahrain .	2
2NE1 was a South Korean girl group .	0
In other sources he is the husband of Galatea .	1
The tube call is a popular caller for many of the nation 's top turkey hunters .	3
Nick convinces the rest to let him go EVA and attack Soar by himself as she chases Trumpet .	3
Her skating club was TSC Berlin .	0
Pasta made and sold in Italy under this category must be labeled egg pasta .	2
Clayton & Black 's design was based on that of St Mary of Eton 's Church ( 1880 ) in Hackney Wick , London .	5
The Wertheim 's struggled on by sharing the Richmond site with three competitors Allans , Paling 's and Sutton 's .	4
It was released in 1962 by Arkham House in an edition of 2,493 copies .	2
She made her televised debut on the December 25 episode of " FCW TV " , teaming with Turner to defeat Cameron Lynn and Kaitlyn .	5
Numerical system from 0 to 5 :	0
was released on April 24 , 2009 .	0
The first Football World Cup was played in Uruguay in 1930 .	1
The series finished # 27 in the Nielsen ratings for the 1951-1952 season and # 30 for 1954-1955 .	3
The Pontifex Maximus was also subject to several taboos .	1
Younes was later required for filming of the television series " Tangle " ; producers then devised an exit storyline to accommodate his temporary departure .	5
The director was old Hollywood classic filmmaker Irving Rapper , and the film was released by Avco Embassy Pictures .	3
All are now in the museum .	0
He died at his home in 3 Marine Place , Dover on 20 November 1886 and was reportedly buried in Kensal Green , London .	5
" 2014 Galway County Council election	0
They defeated some Roman naval commanders , even off the coast of Sicily .	2
Those who confessed were burnt .	0
Extension is achieved by applying pressure to the outside of a set of supports located at one end of the mechanism , elongating the crossing pattern .	5
IUPAC discourages the use of " azine " in favor of " pyridine " .	2
The album also featured a few acoustic based soft rock numbers with heart melting lyrics such as " Amaar na bola kotha " .	4
Fred can transform into a Godzilla-like Kaiju .	0
Instead , any maternal presence came from her sister , Malvina , and a woman in the neighborhood affectionately called ' the Pale Countess . '	5
The team offers economics and strategy coverage of 11 key countries in the Arab world .	2
They aimed at supporting families of lesbian and gay in Hong Kong which is aligned to the one of PFLAG .	4
The intimacy achieved in " Naked and Famous " , his film about Tricky , owed a great deal to this new low-impact approach .	5
It was described by Knull in 1928 .	0
Niccolò Lazzari was an Italian film editor .	0
Lopez went into the recording studio with them to record a song entitled " Escapémonos " , as a duet with Anthony .	4
A singer songwriter , he became close and artistic secretary for Georges Brassens and backup vocalist on some of Brassens ' albums in the 1970s .	5
The Solomonic Dynasty ’ s legendary origins come from an Ethiopian myth called the Kebre Negast .	3
The King Khan & BBQ Show is a Canadian garage rock duo from Montreal , Quebec , who mix doo-wop and punk .	4
He has played almost the entire repertoire of the British bard – a privilege many actors dream of , but only a few are given .	5
The mainstream of the time seemed not to absorb what , luckily , the pop artists started to see in the 90 's .	4
" Constitution of Uruguay of 1942	0
Poynter lived in Paris between 1830 and 1832 , where Lavinia Forster ( his mother-in-law from 1832 ) provided a social centre for artists .	5
Richard Smith was Almeda ’ s founding CEO .	1
Project Crested Ice ended on 13 September 1968 when the last tank was loaded onto a ship bound for the United States .	4
It is based on XML for flexibility , unicode support , hierarchical system , and ease of administration .	3
In March 2017 , it was announced that Augusta Radio Fellowship Institute had purchased WNNG-FM from Georgia Eagle Media for $ 330,000 .	4
Only in 188 BC did the town receive full citizenship .	1
He was handed the number nine shirt by manager Sam Allardyce at the beginning of the new Premier League campaign .	4
Cassius Dio described Pompey 's troop levy as a " small band " .	2
Upon receipt of Bloomsbury 's legal letter , Asda responded that , " There is nothing defamatory in our press release .	4
He apparently never objected to the Cuban government 's " attitude toward religion , Zionism and Israel … " .	3
A water sample is also taken back to test its salinity using a refractometer .	2
Jaime Gerschuni Pérez , popularly known as Jaime Pérez ( 1928 – 2005 ) was a Uruguayan politician and leader of the Communist Party of Uruguay .	5
Each Platonic solid can therefore be denoted by a symbol { " p " , " q " } where	3
Many of his students became very influential scientists in their own right , Lavoisier included .	2
After construction was completed , she underwent sea trials on the Tyne , which included both submerged and surface trials .	4
In 1975 , the band returned to Montreal .	1
Eva Wilson may refer to :	0
Sync Services for FeedSync provides services that can be used to help synchronize the data of a replica with RSS and Atom feeds .	4
Although registration requirements have become more lenient over time , turnout continues to decline and stay comparatively low .	3
A lack of endemism within the Dilophosauridae family makes it difficult to pinpoint a single geographic origin for the group .	4
Cinyras was also called the father of Myrrha .	1
The 1901 census report noted the Koraga as being a lowly tribe of basket-makers and labourers , some of whom were employed as scavengers .	5
The building is reminiscent of the Serra Missions with its arched south porch and terra cotta tiles .	3
Jean Alesi won the championship by virtue of having three wins to Érik Comas ' two .	3
Scale / U.S. Grade Equiv .	0
Michael Witzel explains this oral tradition as follows :	1
He became widely popular after the role of the anti-communist police inspector Velinski in the TV series " At Every Kilometer " ( 1969 ) .	5
Note : Mark was a co-host on " " .	1
Minker started his career in industry in 1951 , working at the Bell Aircraft Corporation , RCA , and the Auerbach Corporation .	4
He was Dean of Saint Patrick 's Cathedral , Dublin from 1999 until his retirement in January 2012 .	3
Initially , all of those on the aircraft were presumed by the U.S. Government to be lost .	3
his mother " someplace " and as a result kills Marion to preserve his past .	2
Judaism was practiced in Ethiopia long before Christianity arrived and the Ethiopian Orthodox Bible contains numerous Jewish Aramaic words .	3
These spores when dispersed can establish new colonies .	1
Ravnikar began his architectural career in 1978 , and designed a number of well-known buildings in Slovenia .	3
In 2004 , Rowling and Time Warner launched legal actions against bazee.com , now the Indian branch of the online auction site eBay .	4
Important early industries included lumber , gunpowder , lime and agriculture .	1
" Old Hall County Courthouse ( Georgia )	0
However , the standard route on the peak , along the South Ridge from Thompson Canyon , is straightforward .	3
I am convinced that crookedness had leached upon nihilism exactly in the same way it 's been leeching upon idealism , theology or patriotism ... "	5
According to Cassius Dio , many years of war contributed to this .	2
The population of the jamoat is 1,788 .	0
In the 1980s the Brahmaputra valley saw six years of Assam agitation triggered by the discovery of a sudden rise in registered voters on electoral rolls .	5
On low end systems the Channel and the Control Unit were frequently physically integrated but remained logically separate .	3
The nitrogen center of pyridine features a basic lone pair of electrons .	2
However peace was declared before the unit reached South Africa .	1
Towards the centre of the wing are broad white spots .	1
It is a phenomenon characterized primarily by members of most arachnid orders , as well as several insect orders .	3
Mithridates was mistrustful and had his wives and some of his remaining children killed .	2
It is the name of :	0
Stewart was born and raised on Columbus 's west side .	1
He was succeeded as sixth Earl of Mornington by his cousin , the second Duke of Wellington .	3
Indeed , every combinatorial property of one Platonic solid can be interpreted as another combinatorial property of the dual .	3
Ursaline Bryant ( born 1947 ) is an actress who has appeared in several films from the 1970s to 1990s .	4
There are also a few white spots scattered on the wings .	1
2012 USSDA 18 's SoCal Champion	0
The Edmonds Unitarian Universalist Church ( EUUC ) in Edmonds , Washington is a Unitarian Universalist church .	3
A synchronization session synchronizes data across two synchronization providers - one for the source data store and the other for the destination .	4
" List of Palauan records in swimming	0
Watson married firstly , in 1609 , Catherine Bertie , daughter of Robert Bertie , Lord Willoughby of Eresby and his wife Mary de Vere .	5
After this , Olly Knights and Gale Paridjanian teamed up with their live band and producer Ethan Johns to put the album together .	4
He was given command of HMS " Cumberland " in 1741 and was present at the Battle of Cartagena de Indias in the Spring of that year .	5
in Art History from Hunter College .	0
J. Godfrey F. Day and C.F .	0
" E. zhengi " , however , predated the other confuciusornithids by 6 million years , dating to 131 Ma ago .	4
No Operation ) but many of which are specific to the type of I / O device ( e.g .	3
In 1822 , Joseph Huntley started his first bakery ( later to become the Huntley & Palmers biscuit factory ) in London street .	4
Utica 's students come from Eppler , Jeannette , and Shelby Junior High schools .	2
The case was ruled in favor of the growers .	1
" 2013 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl	0
Road holding was usefully improved .	0
In the meantime Nick is confronted by his former crew : Mikka , Vector , Sib and Pup .	3
The front of the lens does not rotate nor extend when focusing .	2
The cyst is subsequently ingested by the prey species in whom the parasite decysts and invades its tissues wherein it again multiplies and encysts .	5
The choral music department is led by Mr. Eliott Kranz .	1
He married Monica , daughter of George Harding Neame , of Kent and London , by whom he had three children .	4
The Habsburg Rudolph I of Habsburg ( 1273-1291 ) made it an offence to insult these " gelüstigen Frauen " in 1276 .	4
He is ultimately deemed ready after several years of training .	1
The business was renamed George F. Milnes and Co. and they evolved into successful tramcar manufacturers , with customers throughout Britain and a substantial export trade .	5
On November 12 , 2008 , Quoi de Neuf was moved from channel 245 to channel 125 .	3
A century later , pasta was present around the globe during the voyages of discovery .	2
Synopsis : Scratchy reads of a space launch in the paper .	1
The main use of pyridine is as a precursor to the herbicides paraquat and diquat .	2
Pompey built a wall around the area of the Temple and encamped inside this wall .	2
Fraser was not tendered an offer by the Devils and was released to free agency .	2
Acetoacetic acid may be prepared by the hydrolysis of diketene .	1
Wasabi-No-Ginger uses various swords to fight .	0
Since he first fell in love with the tropics in Panama , he wrote his thesis , naturally , on the Tabanidae of Panama .	5
However , Caesar placed six select cohorts at the rear to stop this cavalry .	2
" Personally " , she said of her religious faith , " I think you can see that in the books .	4
Astoria Hotel in Barcelona is shown continuously since late 2007 on the ground floor ( lobby and cafeteria ) a collection of more than 200 illustrations Opisso .	5
He retired from umpiring in April 2013 .	0
Brax offers Charlie parenting advice about Ruby 's relationships ; Anderson said that Charlie listens to the advice yet refuses to admit that Brax is correct .	5
In 2008 , the school participated in Michigan 's " Open School " platform .	2
Army officers raised the money to replace his medals and insignia .	1
Over time , Candela 's buildings have become some of New York 's most coveted addresses .	3
The toe cap of a full brogue is both perforated and serrated along its edges and includes additional decorative perforations in the center of the toe cap .	5
Should the pasta be dried completely , it can be placed back in the cupboard .	2
The artist died in his house on 23 November 1682 .	1
A nearby mine that much ore was brought out of was named Santa Ana , and soon the community began to be called by that name .	5
The infrastructure provided by mimedefang.pl follows the Milter API reasonably closely , but not exactly .	2
Phraates then went back to his land , and Tigranes counterattacked , defeating his son .	2
Storks lack a pharynx and are mute .	0
Weekly London pollen counts were sent to members of the British Allergy Society from 1953 and shared publicly , through daily news outlets , from 1963 .	5
Prater Violet ( 1945 ) is Christopher Isherwood 's fictional first person account of film-making .	2
On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an approval rating of 14 % based on 219 reviews , with an average rating of 3.9 / 10 .	5
His alcoholic mother Cheryl Braxton ( Suzi Dougherty ) shows little interest in him and his older brothers Heath and Brax continuously puts him down .	5
In 1979 Offenbach toured Quebec with the Vic Vogel Big Band .	1
During the most productive part of her public career , much of which coincided with the Second World War , she lived in France .	5
It was described by Lane in 1956 .	0
The mountain range lies in the extreme northwest of the Chihuahuan Desert .	2
Having sold more than 500,000 copies , the record received a gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America .	4
The Shire of Wondai included the following settlements :	1
Many of the poor people in society cannot afford to skip work in order to go to jury duty .	3
Rowling and her publishers have brought a series of legal injunctions to ensure the books ' secrecy before their launch .	4
Ankeny High School now serves over 1,100 students .	1
The woman , Morn Hyland , is a police officer and a great beauty .	2
Many episodes are available in streaming MP3 format from the program 's CBC website .	2
They worked together in Weston 's house in Twickenham , Middlesex .	1
Part of the old railway line , from London Apprentice to Pentewan , is now a footpath and cycle path .	4
The alternate lyrics sung by the fans are " Hey , Hey Bâby ...	2
It was released to Christian AC , Christian CHR , and Soft AC / Inspirational radio on July 30 , 2005 .	4
A list of selected publications is below :	0
He shot in the English rifle team , and was in the winning eight for the Elcho Shield while still at Cambridge .	4
Undeloh ( Low German : Unnel ) is a village in the district of Harburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .	4
He hit his penalty straight down the middle of the goal .	1
In some cities , including Shanghai , Zhengzhou , and other cities , 2,000 signed books became sold out in fewer than three hours .	5
The Hoyas upset Detroit 83-82 .	0
He edited several volumes of the diaries .	0
The figure on the right wears a similar red chaperon to the probable van Eyck self-portrait in the National Gallery , London .	4
A total of 60 levels are included , and players can create their own levels with a level editor .	3
Current projects include a film about Cary Grant , with Yuzu Productions in Paris , a feature-length film about Sly and the Family Stone .	5
The beer garden hosts further 400 guests .	0
PGA Tour playoff record ( 4 – 4 )	1
In 1954 , a prominent thoracic surgeon and Harvard graduate , Frank Berry , was appointed as the second Assistant Secretary of Defense ( Health Affairs ) .	5
It is found in Guatemala .	0
He also commentated for Eurosport .	0
The data in the database is manually curated from the scientific literature , and covers all domains of life .	3
Brown served as a commissioner to help locate the state penitentiary in 1848 .	2
" Staunch " spent the next three months participating in the extensive post-war sweep of the waters around the Japanese home islands .	4
" Me Haces Falta " was included in the set list of Lopez 's co-headling tour with Anthony in 2007 .	4
The battle — and the war — was over .	1
On October 5 , 2003 at the band 's church in Atlanta , Casting Crowns performed " Who Am I " .	4
Smaller portions of the old riding became parts of Parkdale — High Park and Davenport .	2
Title pun : " Why Do Fools Fall in Love ? "	1
This post was instituted at times of severe grain shortages to supervise the grain supply .	2
In January 2007 , she appealed to the Gwinnett Superior Court ; that appeal too was rejected three months later .	4
This national electoral calendar for the year 2013 lists the national / federal direct elections held in 2013 in all sovereign states and their dependent territories .	5
A decision was due on 3 March 2010 after a meeting at Weston-super-Mare Town Hall , on 24 May permission was granted by the council .	5
It was written before several thousand Indians took the five-month journey after leaving Mississippi .	2
There are many forms of polymerization and different systems exist to categorize them .	2
In Italy , this album was released in 1975 on the RCA Lineatre label under the title " Neil Sedaka : Greatest Hits " .	5
Scaling and moderating school and tests marks ensure that	1
Because of a heater malfunction , the air barely cooled as it traveled from the engine manifold to the cabin 's heating ducts .	4
Pear New Mill is a former Edwardian cotton spinning mill on the northern bank of the River Goyt in Bredbury , Stockport , Greater Manchester , England .	5
Though he played well for NAC Breda , he felt overlooked by the national team in spring 2008 .	3
Their feet are four-toed and webbed .	0
The expression suggests that many voters exhaust their patience or knowledge as they work their way down the ballot .	3
Branch at one time owned over of land and was a slaveholder .	2
National Headquarters were temporarily located in New York City , long the base of operations of the SLP .	3
To the south-east the boundary is an early-20th century brick-arched mineral railway .	2
The enthalpy of fusion is 8.28 kJ · mol at the melting point .	2
Brown was also one of the founders of the Democratic Party in Texas .	2
Poltergeist activity has often been believed to be the work of malicious spirits by spiritualists .	2
Tom Peters said " The PayPal Wars " " gives the best description of ' business strategy ' unfolding in a world changing at warp speed . "	5
In total , Christians make up about 60 % of the total population of the country .	3
Recipients of the award include :	0
This article also described the offensive UCCLA postcard campaign using Orwellian imagery to target supporters of the Holocaust gallery , depicting them as pigs .	5
Any deletes can be configured to move the file to the Recycle Bin , so that it can be recovered if necessary .	4
The development of a pygostyle also shows better adaptation for flight , as this replaces the long tails present in earlier birds .	4
While his partner , Davis Curiale and Luca Gerbino Polo scored nearly 1 goal per game with 8 goals in half season and 5 goals respectively .	5
In 2008 , it had a catch of .	1
Adolf Hitler comes in the room and flattens Scratchy 's remains .	1
The LLG is located in Kavieng District and the LLG headquarters is Kavieng , although Kavieng has its own urban LLG .	4
The bridge crosses over Beigang River .	0
Bourne College was a Primitive Methodist college at Quinton , near Birmingham , England .	2
Though Birmingham put the ball in the net twice , Brown was adjudged to be offside on both occasions .	3
" I Found Out " is the first single from The Pigeon Detectives take from their debut album " Wait For Me " .	4
Ashley Neal ( born 16 December 1974 ) is an English former professional association footballer , who played as a defender .	4
They are very thin dolls ( the waist is less than 0.75 inches across ) and they have 7 inch legs .	4
In 1905 Witty , together with Romà Forns , also helped FC Barcelona win its first Catalan football championship .	3
17 in Ireland and at No .	0
The two reached Artaxata , causing Tigranes to flee to the mountains .	2
It was described by Gahan in 1895 .	0
Since 2005 , McGrath has served as a Director of GAMCO Investors , Inc . ; Sensus ( Bermuda 2 ) Ltd. and Sensus USA Inc .	5
He completed his apprenticeship in Turin , probably in the workshop of French violin makers such as Lété and Calot .	4
In 1999 , Ron Overs designed a new grand piano action which has considerably less friction than other grand piano actions .	4
He is also an RTI activist .	0
" List of countries by tertiary education attainment	0
The Hærulf Runestone is a Viking Age runestone located north of Hovslund 's station in Southern Jutland , Denmark .	3
The highway crosses the Broad River , and curves into a more north-northeast routing .	2
The front seats could be rotated so that all passengers were facing each other in a " living room " configuration .	4
The role of Spc110p is a spacer molecule between the central and inner plaque and γ-tubilin complex binding protein .	3
Adam Gilchrist , Glenn McGrath and Ricky Ponting share the record of three World Cup titles .	3
Much of the information in Book XIII is probably derived from the work of Theaetetus .	2
Early on , there were concerns that the features would not live up to users ' expectations .	3
There is also a " post graduate " year .	1
Title pun : " Chitty Chitty Bang Bang "	1
QtPy , a thin abstraction layer developed by the Spyder project and later adopted by multiple other packages , provides the flexibility to use either backend .	5
Garg was elected the President .	0
SLA did not exist prior to chemical synthesis in 1952 .	1
He worked as a partner at Muller & Caulfield Architects , Caulfield Architects , and Peters , Clayberg & Caulfield .	4
The current registered parties are :	0
The beaks of confuciusornithids show development of modern birdlike characteristics , such as a large beak and lack of teeth .	4
Krusty yells in frustration , " Dammit " .	1
The success of the film jump-started Perkins ' career , but he soon began to suffer from typecasting .	3
Holidays , Sundays , and Special Rates . "	1
It is most common in the post-monsoon months and winter .	1
The main mast was found forward and to the port side of the wreck with the base missing .	3
Rescigno replaced the lawyers at Lavery , de Billy with the law firm Stikeman Elliott and sued .	3
Vestabule then , to Milos ' extreme horror , subdues Milos and injects him with Amnion mutagens .	3
These were passed out of a window after the sales agent was refused admission to the house .	3
He was immediately given command over the 2nd Infantry Brigade .	1
Alfred Hitchcock 's cameo is a signature occurrence in most of his films .	2
It has since started modestly rising to 36 PPM in 2014 .	1
This surcharge is different from the fair share contribution .	1
Bollywood pronight by Sunidhi Chauhan .	0
" 2018 FIFA U-20 Women 's World Cup	0
Yantang ( ) is a town in the northeast of Guangxi , China , located not far from the border with Hunan province .	4
Voter turnout numbers in the United States are quite low compared to other developed nations .	2
Steve teamed up with Jazz legend Herbie Mann , and a great cast of players to record the Brazilian jazz Blue River .	4
The following are TV projects based on Dark Horse comic books :	1
In club football , he scored 46 goals from 90 appearances in the Football League playing for Brighton & Hove Albion , Manchester City and Crewe Alexandra .	5
It was described by Knull in 1942 .	0
Thus , the block and tackle reduces the input force by the factor " p . "	3
Tianjin was a rough and violent place with many experienced martial artists , gangsters and coarse people .	3
It was written by Lopez , Juan Luis Morera , Oscar " Oscarcito " Hernández , German Hernandez , and Marco Antonio Muñiz .	4
Pirana is a small village 8 km north of Tonk city in Tonk district , situated near the base of a hill .	4
The Milter library included with Sendmail uses POSIX threads to allow multiple concurrent filters .	2
Smythies ' wife , Olive , was the author of " The Tiger Lady " .	2
It was described by Robinson in 1969 .	0
Crassus was given eight legions and led the final phase of the war .	2
First , acrolein is formed in a Knoevenagel condensation from the acetaldehyde and formaldehyde .	2
Video : One external monitor is supported through a DB-15 connector .	1
Kashmira Ram Joglekar ( मराठी : कश्मिरा ) ( born 16 November 1985 ) is an Indian badminton player from Pune .	4
Pompey entered Lesser Armenia , which was not under Tigranes ' rule .	2
When World War I broke out in 1914 , Cittadini established his permanent residency in Majorca , thereby insulating himself from the complications of that conflict .	5
The two years between 1918 and 1920 were years of an exceptional boom , and the 1912 company was refloated with a capital of ₤ 250,000 .	5
After a four set deuce the two finalists agreed to leave the decision to the drawing of lots and finish the match .	4
The filly was just the third-ever winner of the " La Cañada Series " at Santa Anita Park since its inception in 1975 .	4
His father succeeded as Earl of Mornington in 1845 , after which William was styled Viscount Wellesley .	3
Scratchy tells the wooden doll ( Pinitchio ) not to lie .	1
He also served as chairman of the Greater Vancouver Water District , chairman of the Greater Vancouver Sewerage District and president of the Union of BC Municipalities .	5
Initially collaborating for some charity gigs , the band proved popular and formed a more solid line-up featuring Boz Burrell on bass , Robert Hart on vocals .	5
" Constitution of Uruguay of 1967	0
She was originally from Canada .	0
Among many positions , he was Vice-Chairman of the National Savings Committee and President of Rotary International for Britain and Ireland .	4
Blue and gold will light your name , long may reign your noble fame !	2
" Lincoln High School ( Lincoln , California )	1
" List of Italian football transfers summer 2014	0
Alan Robinson 's major contribution is to the foundations of automated theorem proving .	2
The marriage was dissolved in 1947 .	0
On the other hand , there are quite a few states that have harsher voter ID laws .	3
From 2012 Severn FM also linked up with Gloucester City AFC as part of its sports coverage to broadcast live match commentaries from the football clubs fixtures .	5
However , it was a great achievement for the youngster , who had initially set a target of scoring 15 goals .	4
The greatest percentage of unregistered voters is in the 18-30 year old age group .	2
Schools currently stationed there include : No .	0
From June to September the average high is 30.1 ° while from December to January the average minimum is 13.5 ° C .	4
Regiment is based in Dnipro .	0
She spent 11 years at Dahlberg , Inc. with her last post as chief financial officer .	3
However , he was killed in battle and the Seleucids lost all of these gains .	2
Sauvageot traveled to Uppsala in Sweden where he started learning Finnish , then moved to Finland in June 1919 , and stayed there until October .	5
Parliamentary elections were held in the People 's Republic of the Congo on 8 July 1979 , concurrent with a constitutional referendum .	4
The festival includes arts and crafts , food , folkloric music , games , and plenty of farmers market quenepas .	4
Contract grading emphasizes learning behaviors .	0
On the Verjamem list : ( Greens-EFA )	0
Estadio Marcelo Tinoco is a multi-use stadium located in Danlí , Honduras .	2
It was described by Bates in 1870 .	0
The Cricket World Cup is a One Day International ( ODI ) competition in men 's cricket .	3
Later in the 1920s , commissions came for bank branches in Brighton ( the National Provincial Bank on North Street , designed by F.C.R .	5
For the revised 1992 edition , some recipes were newly-tested and rewritten in what was perceived to be an easy-to-follow style .	4
On 2 February 1852 he was sworn of the privy council , and for some years served as a member of its judicial committee .	5
Palmer had supported Scottish football club Rangers F.C .	1
Bonnie Schlegel left the label not long after its inception , moving to Vermont to raise her daughter and work on her solo project , Edie Moss .	5
Lorde has received one nomination .	0
The crown is made of vine leaves .	0
In the ensuing chaos , Nick is able to retake command of the ship .	2
The paintings examined Britain 's failings and political problems .	1
They can drink salt water because their supraorbital gland filters excess salt from the bloodstream .	2
Craig Harrington is an English football manager .	0
WCEH-AM is 610 on the dial , referred to as 61 in the days before digital tuning became the norm on most radios .	4
Twenty-nine-year-old Steve Dubinsky was the oldest forward on the team when the season started .	2
However the Council urged leniency , and she was eventually released from the Tower on 5 May 1542 .	3
Links in the episode title take you to an online copy of the episode .	2
Despite their protest the game went ahead , and as Third Lanark won the toss they chose to play with the wind on their back .	5
Steaming black kettles of pitch - more obnoxious that the Witches caldrons in " Macbeth " - fill the air with smoke and stench .	5
The caterpillar pupates in leaf litter .	0
On the death of his father Piaras in 1431 , Cormac succeeded to the post of Prior of Drumlane due to hereditary succession rights .	5
Isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 ( NADP + ) , soluble is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the " IDH1 " gene on chromosome 2 .	5
His illustrations also appeared regularly in " The Observer " and " The Independent " newspapers .	3
" , it finished in fourth place with over 500 votes .	1
Pompey restored Hiempsal II , invaded Numidia and subdued it in forty days .	2
When she says she has been fired and that she is determined to marry a rich man , an alarmed T.R .	4
The squadron successfully forced the surrender of the Confederate ships , and land forces soon captured the defending forts .	3
The school serves 1,125 students , and 90 teachers .	1
He was also an advisor to the Commonwealth treasury .	1
" Simpsons " episode : " Deep Space Homer "	1
Each quarter had its own capital .	0
Three years later , at age 46 , Downey graduated from Harvard Law School , ultimately becoming a judge .	3
At 0000 on the following day , she approached the objective , but the operation was called off , and she retired rapidly .	4
The movements are as follows :	0
Utica High School is a part of Utica Community Schools and serves students in grades 10 – 12 .	3
In common with most British universities a graduand begins the ceremony wearing the dress of the degree to which they are being admitted .	4
A short distance northeast of Gainesville , the road crosses the Chattahoochee River arm of Lake Lanier .	3
But a scriptorium capable of executing these commissions could scarcely have been brought into being expressly for that purpose .	3
The two ended up in a South American jungle .	1
However , it is unrelated to the original MISL .	1
Ynglings believe that all these ideas fit the original " Russian spiritual culture " which may rescue people from corruption .	4
He is one of the PayPal Mafia , a growing number of PayPal alumni who have started new ventures after eBay bought the online payments firm .	5
The same year he was offered a contract to Jermaine Dupri 's So So Def label .	3
He follows this with a study of the clothes that magical practitioners may have worn , discussing ideas regarding masks , veils and head coverings .	5
The pilot was delivered to the network at around the same time as the pilot for " Alphas " , another series with a similar premise .	5
The team finished with a record of 4 – 3 , but won the bronze medal with an 85 – 59 victory over Brazil .	5
The university lasts 3 – 5 years .	0
He publishes his regular commentaries on his blog site , www.uwesiemon.blogspot.com .	1
Pompey set out to liberate a number of Hellenised towns from their rulers .	2
The range depends upon the type of particle , its initial energy , and the material it traverses .	3
Although the album was scheduled to be released worldwide , the release in the US and UK at that time was halted without explanation .	5
The statue was placed in October 1904 but was not officially unveiled until June 18 , 1905 with a speech by Archbishop F. Symon from Rome .	5
The unit included 900 volunteers .	0
Los is a locality situated in Ljusdal Municipality , Gävleborg County , Sweden with 387 inhabitants in 2010 .	3
He is the founder of the economic policy watchdog website Lavoce.info and Voxeu.org and the scientific director of the Festival of Economics .	4
She was named for Victoriaville , Quebec .	0
The entrance is marked by a candi bentar ( split gateway ) , and beyond it the Kori Agung is the gateway to the second courtyard .	5
She made and remained friends with several notable nationalists including Maud Gonne and Constance Markievicz .	2
The battalion is based in Svatove .	0
Abraham 's sister had attended a presentation by al-Odah 's attorneys about the detainee and the legal issues he and others faced .	4
Khusheh Darreh ( ) may refer to :	0
Among different species , the proteins comprising the mitoribosome differ greatly in sequence , and sometimes in biochemical properties , which prevents easy recognition by sequence homology .	5
These five rhetorical elements form the " dramatistic pentad . "	1
The album charted at No .	0
Patricia A. Heron and Bobby Thomas .	0
New computer hardware and software feed the real-time data gathered by the instruments to the Internet .	3
Marítimo , making his first appearance on the 29th in the local derby of Madeira against C.D .	3
Fecteau returned to his alma mater as assistant athletic director at Boston University , retiring in 1989 .	3
In 1928 he was awarded the RIBA Royal Gold Medal .	1
Charles Willoughby MacSorley ( October 2 , 1895 – February 24 , 1976 ) was a labourer , engineer and political figure in British Columbia .	5
There may be several bars whose longitudinal axes all run parallel to the beach and which are separated by equally parallel runnels or creeks .	5
Lewis acids easily add to the nitrogen atom of pyridine , forming pyridinium salts .	2
Dong died in 1882 , so at best Cheng studied with Dong for 5 or 6 years .	3
A native of Texarkana , Texas .	0
The curved entry doors are faux-grained to resemble flame-grained mahogany on the exterior and tortoise shell on the interior .	3
