Tydeus was banished from Calydon by his uncle Agrius , because he killed either his brother or a different uncle or six of his cousins .	5
The color of the blood and the rate of its flow help distinguish it from arterial blood ( suggesting that an artery has been accidentally punctured ) .	5
The process and mechanistic function of myelinogenesis has traditionally been studied using ultrastructure and biochemical techniques in rat optic nerves .	4
Perras attended the University of Ottawa .	0
Total annual rainfall in the city averages .	0
Upper pitchers are yellowish green with fewer blotches .	1
Both Montini and Tardini would become Cardinals shortly after Pius ' death ; Montini later became Pope Paul VI .	3
Failing to find the planet , according to one friend , " virtually killed him " .	3
When the ransom was not paid , the information was leaked on the Internet .	2
In 1127 or 1128 Pope Honorius II promoted him to the suburbicarian See of Sabina .	2
It was released on September 21 , 2010 via Mercury Nashville .	1
As a result , the body decomposed rapidly and the viewing of the faithful had to be terminated abruptly .	3
Masuda has stated that each element of a design has a functioning reason .	2
It is the principal settlement of the civil parish of Dartmoor Forest .	2
The sculpture was titled " " Myrrha of the Post Industrial World " " and depicted a nude woman sitting on a rectangular pedestal .	5
Similarly , the set of non-empty subsets of might be denoted by or .	2
It charted on most international markets within the top five .	1
However , it lacks the distinguishing malleable nature of pasta , couscous being more akin to droplets of dough .	3
Therasia died some time between 408 and 410 , and shortly afterwards Paulinus received episcopal ordination .	3
At that time , she began combat loading elements of the 10th Army bound for duty in the Okinawa campaign .	4
Other public buildings dominate the neighboring streets .	0
The 134th achieved initial operational capability ( IOC ) on the block 30 in 2009 with the squadron being ready for combat .	4
In his biography , Chrisye retrospectively suggested that he should have known that the album would do poorly when he felt no passion for it .	5
This enabled him , together with Robert Sutton Harrington of the U.S .	2
" 2009 Grand Slam of Darts	0
Later attempts failed in the same way .	0
He chose as his episcopal motto ( " Obedience and Peace " ) , which became his guiding motto .	3
Many courses ' lectures at RIT are interpreted into American Sign Language or captioned in real time for the benefit of hard-of-hearing and deaf students .	5
Touching briefly at Eniwetok , " Bland " resumed her voyage on 13 March in company with an Eniwetok-to-Guam convoy .	4
In the film , the male actor Akbar Abdi portrays an old woman .	2
Tests demonstrated a fourfold increase in precipitation .	0
The headquarters is in Amsterdam .	0
Pius XII demanded recognition of local cultures as fully equal to European culture .	2
Two administrative buildings are on the north shore .	1
From 5 – 13 November 1994 , the unit took part in the Condor III Exercise held in Iquique , Chile .	4
In 2016 , the International Astronomical Union organized a Working Group on Star Names ( WGSN ) to catalogue and standardize proper names for stars .	5
He edited the Bureau 's official publication , the " Metric Bulletin " ( later called " Metric Advocate " ) , first issued in July 1876 .	5
Savery 's " engine " was a revolutionary method of pumping water , which solved the problem of mine drainage and made widespread public water supply practicable .	5
was organized in 1945 to control V-weapons .	0
9 employees work at the library .	0
Pope Anastasius III ( died June 913 ) was Pope from April 911 to his death in 913 .	3
In 2008 , Byrne and his production team turned the Battery Maritime Building , a 99-year-old ferry terminal in Manhattan , into a playable musical instrument .	5
Muslims , Christians and sikkha also live here .	1
Many analogues of pyridine are known where N is replaced by other heteroatoms ( see figure below ) .	3
Stosz was confirmed as a Vice Admiral in May 2015 .	1
He represented the Sri Lankan national team at the 2008 Hong Kong Sevens .	2
Gilzean scored the winning goal in the 2000 Irish Cup Final .	1
No changes to sentencing were mentioned .	0
Patients were noted to be less anxious and calmer .	1
When not in port at either Pearl Harbor or Honolulu , she conducted rehearsal landings at various locations in the islands .	4
He joined Bundesliga club 1 .	0
Appaloosa bloodlines have influenced other horse breeds , including the Pony of the Americas , the Nez Perce Horse , and several gaited horse breeds .	5
The windscreens , and sometimes the bumper were removed , in order to save weight and permit an extra payload to be carried .	4
Argyle had earlier withdrawn from the Combination in mid-season in 1981 – 82 , for financial reasons .	3
He wrote about human rights in his " Pacem in terris " .	2
Their collective vision of empowered , nonchalant supermodels stayed in Cortázar 's mind as he came to view fashion as self-expression .	4
There was no paid staff .	0
He took part to Venice Biennale in 1978 and had more publicity .	2
Macaroni or other tube pasta is also used in " sopas " , a local chicken broth soup .	3
In both versions the violence among the three factions continued and the elections could not be held .	3
Moreover , research also seems to indicate that the function of transferrin and thyroid hormone together act to control myelinogenesis .	4
The state of Idaho adopted the Appaloosa as its official state horse on March 25 , 1975 , when Idaho Governor Cecil Andrus signed the enabling legislation .	5
John Paul II promulgated the apostolic constitution " Pastor bonus " on 28 June 1988 .	2
Until Prague was elevated to archbishopric in 1344 , it was under the jurisdiction of the Archbishopric of Mainz .	3
The Lincoln Highway became part of pre-1927 Route 1 between New Brunswick and Elizabeth in 1916 and pre-1927 Route 13 between Trenton and New Brunswick in 1917 .	5
He could have lived another 20 years , had he spared himself . "	2
Having said this , Diomedes cut off the prisoner 's head with his sword , without giving him time to plead for his life .	5
The unarmed Nevada aircraft took over 19,000 photographic prints using 300,000 feet of film without a single target lost from processing .	4
It was revealed that Vigouroux was dropped from the squad for poor discliplinary issues .	2
in the 1998 – 99 UEFA Champions League qualifying round .	1
In 1998 the squadron was one of five ANG squadrons to be equipped with the Theater Airborne Reconnaissance System ( TARS ) .	4
Hem has dreams of Maerad , which assure him she is still alive , and that he is meant to find her .	4
The first church building was a frame building completed in 1872 .	1
Nonprofit verification for the conservancy is available at Guidestar .	1
including groups of sculpture where the iron arches met the piers of the bridge ,	2
Series 3 - Series 3 aired in late 2007 .	1
The Iron Stair may refer to :	0
It is sold in gel form under the name TriCalm .	1
Kirk argues that Homeric poems differ from those traditions in their " metrical strictness " , " formular system [ s ] " , and creativity .	5
Bruce Howard may refer to :	0
We were all fugitives , and fugitives do not wish to be pointed at .	2
As of June 2015 the plans have been withdrawn , though planning permission still remains .	2
Later Greek writings such as Plato 's " Symposium " , the relationship between Patroclus and Achilles is discussed as a model of romantic love .	5
Mahdism and its adherents , the Ansar , sought the regeneration of Islam , and in general were critical of the turuq .	4
The album features some of Waters ' first recordings .	1
A system may have central controls or allow for off-site control .	1
The Pope avoided long ceremonies , canonizations and consistories and displayed hesitancy in personnel matters .	2
Friedlander directed and staged it .	0
The following hydrocolloids are the most common ones used as stabilisers :	1
Littledale returned to the UK shortly afterwards .	0
The total length of the structure is .	0
Tadpoles range from in length .	0
This is perhaps his most representative work of Chilean beat rock .	1
The poem was completed in September 1834 .	0
Charles Lindbergh flew the same aircraft and in 1929 , it was flown nonstop from Detroit to Langley Field , near Norfolk , Virginia .	5
In addition to its reputation in surfing and skateboarding , Santa Cruz is known for other sports such as disc ultimate and disc golf .	5
Furthermore , Sugimori is responsible for the boxart legendary Pokémon and all of the official artwork for the games .	3
In this sense , the process and finished installation look completely different .	2
The revolutions in Europe in 1848 also touched Prague , but they were fiercely suppressed .	2
In addition to Typhon , other mythological beings were also said to be buried under Mount Etna and the cause of its volcanic activity .	5
The event was won by Susan Devoy who defeated Martine Le Moignan in the final .	2
It may also refer to :	0
Because PostgreSQL is immune to dirty reads , requesting a Read Uncommitted transaction isolation level provides read committed instead .	3
The BODY contains a single jCard record .	0
His strength restored , Zeus chased Typhon to mount Nysa , where the Moirai tricked Typhon into eating " ephemeral fruits " which weakened him .	5
Fresh egg pasta is well known in the Piedmont region and Emilia Romagna region in North Italy .	3
The 155th served as a fighter and tactical reconnaissance until 1 April 1961 , when it converted to the Boeing C-97 Stratofreighter .	4
A small sample of the islands includes :	0
He was educated in Bordeaux , where his teacher , the poet Ausonius , also became his friend .	3
The 1918 Constitution is the Constitution currently in force .	1
Some Fremen believe he is Paul Atreides .	0
King Hiarbas of Numidia , who was an ally of Domitius , was captured and executed .	3
The two main police bodies in Bosnia and Herzeogvina are governed by the Directorate for Coordination of Police Bodies of Bosnia and Herzegovina .	4
On March 21 , 2004 , at age 41 , Gribble died in a head-on automobile accident in Miami , Florida .	4
Under Holy Roman Emperor Otto II the area became a bishopric in 973 .	2
and the estimates of > 20 % lower fuel use and ( given differences in energy content between fuel types ) > 15 % lower energy use .	5
However , the royal ships were seen taking crews on board and there were soldiers on the shore .	3
The concept of Exhall Grange had originally been his , and he was one of its founding members of staff .	4
Shirley Temple Black visited Prague in August 1968 to prepare for becoming the US Ambassador for a free Czechoslovakia .	3
It was not entirely original as Clouzot had done the same in France for " Diabolique " .	3
Studies have also shown that P1 and P2 are active before Po since this protein comes from the peripheral nervous system .	4
Egypt and Israel accepted on October 22 Resolution conditions .	1
Furthermore , the use of the rat optic nerve helped provide insight for early myelinogenesis researchers into improper and atypical courses of myelinogenesis .	4
Slumberland Records is an American independent record label , formed in 1989 in Washington , D.C. and based in Oakland , California .	4
In March 2012 , both Mary-Kate and Ashley officially indicated their interest to retire as actresses in order to focus on their careers in the fashion industry .	5
He is currently wrestling in the United Kingdom .	1
The Crystal Palace was a cast-iron and plate-glass structure originally built in Hyde Park , London , to house the Great Exhibition of 1851 .	5
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city covers an area of , of which is land , and ( 19.51 % ) is water .	5
He was born in Karagandinskaya .	0
It is an international Christian ecumenical observance that began in 1908 .	1
" The Five Cities of June	0
The 153d FIG being assigned to the 34th Air Division , Air Defense Command and upgraded to F-86L Sabre Interceptors .	4
On April 2 , 1915 H. J. Whitley purchased the Suburban Home Company so that he would have complete control for finishing the development .	5
On the horizon of 2022 , the Roissy – Picardie Link will put Amiens 55 minutes from Paris Charles-de-Gaulle Airport and its TGV station .	5
Ağca was caught and restrained by a nun and other bystanders until police arrived .	2
Other sources of its revenues include local Chinese governments .	1
" List of Rwandan records in athletics	0
Party conservatives urged repressive measures , but Dubček counselled moderation and re-emphasized KSČ leadership .	2
Note Rochdale finishing 3rd in 2014 / 15 , were level transferred to North 1 West for the 2015 / 16 season .	4
Head - Bathushin M.M , PhD , Prof .	1
2006 Northwestern Football Final Notes & Season Wrapup	0
He was informed by an oracle , that he should be exposed to unceasing sufferings unless he restored the sacred image to the Trojans .	5
In 1900 and 1901 , Harvard College Observatory director William Henry Pickering led two searches for trans-Neptunian planets .	3
This genus has a distribution centered on the Antarctic coasts and barely extends to some Subantarctic islands today .	3
Itami Airport opened as in 1939 .	0
The cabling required is 6 core multi strand copper cable .	1
In December 1967 , the 157th again changed aircraft , exchanging its C-97 Stratofreighters for the larger and slower C-124C Globemaster II .	4
The current CEO of the studio is Kim Young-doo .	1
Hannu Manninen retired before the season began .	0
" Caminandes " is a series of animated short films centers on the llama Koro in Patagonia and his attempts to overcome various obstacles .	5
A transit-like signal appearing on September 8 , 2016 was tentatively identified , using the Bright Star Survey Telescope at the Zhongshan Station in Antarctica .	5
The church 's brick building was completed in 1852 .	1
One exception is the handling of unquoted identifiers like table or column names .	2
Its first church building was completed in 1838 .	1
The following hamlets are located within the Rural Municipality :	1
He currently holds the best backstroker and distance freestyler record in Nigeria .	2
In his telling , the female pope is not named , and the events are set in 1099 .	3
Hope River may refer to :	0
The Vis TG did not engage Croatian positions on 16 November .	1
By June 1992 the congregation returned to the beautiful sanctuary .	1
Teachers are also able to communicate directly with parents through the platform .	2
Pope John Paul II was the first pontiff to actively fight against Mafia violence in Southern Italy .	3
He died on 19 June 1999 .	0
When the Minbari leader Dukhat was killed it led to the opening of hostilities between the Minbari and the Earth Alliance .	4
She attended Crystal Springs Uplands School in Hillsborough , California .	1
In addition , Gosho Aoyama 's assistants have also written and published volumes their own side stories of " Case Closed " .	4
Quickly advancing to featured status , Pallette appeared in many westerns .	1
If is a finite set , there is a recursive algorithm to calculate ( ) .	2
Its isolated character earned it the name of " gare des betteraves " , or " gare betteraves " , at the time of its construction .	5
Due to Blender 's open-source nature , other programs have tried to take advantage of its success by repackaging and selling cosmetically-modified versions of it .	5
The majority of Ohlone or Coastanoan tribes had no written language , and lived in small villages scattered around the Monterey Bay and San Francisco Bay regions .	5
He in particular was a co-editor of one of the recensions of Book 2 of " Commentary on the Gallic Wars " .	4
The Gustav-Adolf-Werk ( GAW ) as the Evangelical Church in Germany Diaspora agency recently started to actively support persecuted Protestant Christians in Cuba .	4
Plymouth Railway Station is on the boundary between Mutley Plain and Plymouth City Centre .	2
The cabling required is a 6 core multi strand copper cable .	1
Arbogast updates Sam and Lila about his search for Marion and promises to phone again soon .	3
Some traces of the original decor remain from the 1570s , including the vaulted ceiling and a frieze of military trophies attributed to Ruggiero d 'Ruggieri .	5
On her own path , Maerad and Cadvan finally manage to leave Innail and are caught by the floods themselves .	4
Leandro Chaves Rodrigues ( born 4 October 1983 ) , better known as Leandro Chaves , is a Brazilian footballer .	4
" Weekend Radio " is syndicated and runs for an hour on many National Public Radio-affiliated stations throughout the United States .	4
The markets in Rome now were well stocked with provisions again and the people acclaimed Pompey .	3
In 1914 , James Wood proposed that they were the same person .	2
" Agent 327 : Operation Barbershop " is the three-minute teaser for a planned full-length animated feature is based on classic comics series Agent 327 .	5
All of the cast returned for this series .	1
In 2010 , the company added almost 100 employees , bringing total employment to almost 700 by November of that year .	4
The second " Alloway " ( " YT-170 " ) -- a diesel-powered tug built in 1935 as " Russell No .	4
This assessment is a bit exaggerated , especially with regard to the feeling of not needing an army .	3
The English language movie also starred Mexican actor Gerardo Taracena .	1
It has the original stage machinery , and many of the original sets , including many transferred from the old theatre before the fire of 1856 .	5
He graduated W. T. White High School in Dallas , Texas , and played college football at the University of Tulsa .	4
About 30 August 1381 Algot married Märta Bosdotter of Ringshult , scion of an Ostrogothian important family and widow of castellan Christopher Mikelsdorp .	4
Embassy Court was completed in 1935 .	0
As of 1996 , the church still had its original pews .	1
Pope John Paul II was an outspoken opponent of apartheid in South Africa .	2
Iemma 's replacement was the inexperienced Emergency Services and Water minister , Nathan Rees .	2
It uses the Lattice Boltzmann methods to simulate the fluids and allows for lots of adjusting of the amount of particles and the resolution .	5
21 Radar Squadron on May 8 , 1958 .	1
According to RVR they will feature bright and spacious interiors and will be 20-30 % more power efficient than their predecessors .	4
Adults become a dull silver .	0
As of 2016 , almost all of the petroleum-based diesel fuel available in the UK , mainland Europe , and North America is of a ULSD type .	5
Chobham-type armour is currently in its third generation and is used on modern western tanks such as the British Challenger 2 and the American M1 Abrams .	5
Although I did not throw it out any window , I am now singing without any of my own musical accompaniment . "	4
She ended up tenth overall after placing eighth in figures , ninth in the short , and ninth in the free .	4
Windows for PEN , with pen-entry and Wacom compatibility .	1
The 1346 Battle of Crécy , a major English victory early in the Hundred Years ' War , also took place in this department .	5
Of these projects , the rooting out of heresy lay nearest to Honorius III 's heart .	3
She was paid off in March 1783 .	0
currying constructs a new function	0
The company was founded in 2000 in Oulu .	1
The NIOD Institute for War , Holocaust and Genocide Studies now uses the building .	2
" Asbury United Methodist Church ( Knoxville , Tennessee )	1
This game underwent field trials in Cambodia in June 2010 .	1
Since the beginning of operations in the Persian Gulf , the 165th Airlift Wing has been integrally involved in air operations .	4
It continues northeast and crosses into Linden , where the route heads through a more commercial setting with businesses lining both sides of the road .	5
Dewey was a pioneer in American librarianship and an influential figure in the development of libraries in America in the late 19th and early the 20th century .	5
On 28 October 2015 , Bachmann joined League One side Bury on a one-month loan .	2
The station 's location was changed following World War I , when the British rebuilt the Jaffa – Jerusalem line to standard gauge .	4
Like many other rulers , Frederick II had taken an oath to embark for the Holy Land in 1217 .	3
Christ sits blindfolded on a low stone wall .	1
It was opened in 1890 by Lord Rosebery .	1
Victory for the Bene Gesserit seems inevitable .	0
He held this position until 1974 .	0
There is also a statue of Papin with his investion in Blois , at the top of the Escalier Denis Papin , a stairway .	5
Daskalogiannis eventually surrendered to the Ottoman authorities .	0
The title sponsor was Supertest Petroleum , a Canadian petroleum company .	1
Cinyras had five children by Metharme : the two boys , Oxyporos and Adonis , and three daughters , Orsedice , Laogore , and Braisia .	5
In addition , PostgreSQL allows procedural languages to be loaded into the database through extensions .	2
He was cut on September 5 .	0
Miku also performed her first overseas live concert on November 21 , 2009 , during Anime Festival Asia ( AFA ) in Singapore .	4
In 1949 the zoo changed its location , moving to the east of the city , in the area known as Park Madero .	4
According to Appian , Pompey had lent him one legion ; according to Caesar , it was two legions .	3
Guest performances included Jessica Mauboy , Casey Donovan , Lou Bennett , Michael Tuahine and Kutcha Edwards , and several South Sydney Rabbitohs .	4
and was scheduled for closure , but this now appears to be in doubt	2
Crete was separated from Cyrenaica .	0
He was appointed Minister in Warsaw by the exiled Spanish Republican government in 1946 .	2
If the plant parts are mistakenly ingested , they can cause stomach pains and vomiting .	2
A fourth Metro line is planned , which would connect the city centre to southern parts of the city .	3
Python 3 uses round to even : codice _ 133 is 2 , codice _ 134 is 2 .	3
The revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685 compelled him to take refuge in London .	3
Frederik Pohl reported that Vance had " pretty carefully " worked out his extrapolation , but that " it isn 't terribly convincing as presented " .	5
On March 11 , 2013 , Cadence Design Systems announced its intent to buy Tensilica for approximately $ 380 million in cash .	4
In 1850 , Joule published a refined measurement of 772.692 ft · lbf / Btu ( 4.159 J / cal ) , closer to twentieth century estimates .	5
In " Psycho " , Hitchcock subverts the romantic elements that are seen in most of his work .	3
Pompey was granted a second triumph for his victory in Hispania , which , again , was extra-legal .	3
From downtown Cincinnati to Washington Court House , US 22 roughly follows the historic 3C Highway which connected Cincinnati , Columbus , and Cleveland .	5
In a clinical practice guideline , the American Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends against routine culturing of central venous lines upon their removal .	5
He played as a forward .	0
In about 1552 King Henry II closed it with high windows and an ornate coffered ceiling , and transformed it into a room for celebrations and balls .	5
Later productions received mixed reception .	0
ADC was phasing down its manned interceptor force as the chances of a Soviet Bomber attack on the United States seemed remote .	4
In 1999 , Esteban ’ s early sketches caught the eye of Kal Ruttenstein , Bloomingdale 's late fashion director .	4
The Constitution thus explicitly creates a separation of powers among the three branches of the federal government of the United States .	4
It has a slender short stem , that can grow up to between tall .	2
In turn , Adrian refused the King the traditional kiss of peace until this service was delivered .	3
After his election , he made Luigi Maglione his successor as Cardinal Secretary of State .	2
After revising his predicted possible locations , Lowell conducted a second search from 1914 to 1916 .	3
A music video was taken from the Russian version and edited to fit into the English version , which was then released .	4
Its formatting is visually uncluttered , and it often uses English keywords where other languages use punctuation .	3
She was on a cruise from Boston .	0
While the Regents declined to remove Dewey , they did issue a public rebuke , and in the summer of 1905 he resigned as a result .	5
Santa Cruz is a center of the organic agriculture movement , and many specialty products as well as housing the headquarters of California Certified Organic Farmers .	5
Messengers may also be killed or captured .	0
In 2011 , ClassDojo received the Today Show 's Education Innovation Award .	2
He was elected as an ordinary fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences in 1998 .	2
Florence Dolphyne was the first female pro-vice chancellor of the University of Ghana .	2
He is often represented with the head of a Eurasian sparrowhawk , which was sacred to him , as the hawk flies high above the Earth .	5
But their scribes and Pharisees murmured against his disciples , saying , Why do you eat and drink with tax collectors and sinners ?	4
He also had the ceiling painted white and gilded and decorated with mosaics , to match the ceiling of the bedroom of the Queen .	5
He was educated at Plymouth College and Jesus College , Cambridge .	1
The next day Caesar marched on , sending the baggage-train off at night again and then eluding Pompey .	3
Hudson , the Butler , sees news of a regatta accident in the papers , and goes to tell Marjorie .	4
Esters of acrylic acid contain a carbon-carbon double bond which is conjugated to an ester group .	3
This is evidenced , for example , by the multiple scriptural statements by Paul admitting " previously remembered tradition which he received " orally .	5
The name " Pomerania " comes from Slavic , which means " [ land ] by the sea " .	3
On 14 November 1516 the King commissioned him Inquisitor General of Aragon .	2
The largest number of diplomats were present between January 1646 and July 1647 .	2
Murali ( Venkatesh ) a student , has completed his MA LLB and he is love with a girl , Rekha ( Shobana ) .	5
Applique armour has also been used in conjunction with composite armour to provide increased amounts of protection and to supplant existing composite arrays on a vehicle .	5
The " Via Maris " was crossed by other trading routes , so that one could travel from Africa to Europe or from Asia to Africa .	5
The old Air National Guard facility and property was purchased by FedEx to utilize for its operations at Memphis International Airport .	4
Until the 1840s , the parish church of Paddington was St Mary 's Paddington Green .	2
Roger left his armies threatening Benevento , while he returned to Sicily for reinforcements .	2
These books were authored by C.L .	0
The society awards the following prizes :	0
This was the area where the treasures were , and the son began a dispute over them .	3
Le Gourmet Chef , Inc. was founded in 1988 .	1
Saint Paulinus is also venerated in the Eastern Orthodox Church , his feast day commemorated on January 23 .	3
Ki equilibrium constants ~ 20-45 nanomolar ) and Δ12-PGJ2 having 10-fold lesser potency , at least on mouse DP2 receptor .	4
The non-stop mixing was done by the team MST .	1
1978 The White Shadow ( TV Series ) ... Dr. Evelyn Crawford	1
A new line-up is announced .	0
He was also archpriest of the patriarchal Liberian Basilica ( attested from 1262 ) .	2
Though Thomson conducted no new experiments , over the next two years he became increasingly dissatisfied with Carnot 's theory and convinced of Joule 's .	5
Additional classrooms and offices were added in 1964 .	1
" Allen Chapel A.M.E. Church ( Murfreesboro , Tennessee )	1
Amiens has the typical oceanic climate of the north of France , with relatively mild winters , cool summers , and rainfall well distributed throughout the year .	5
The international border at Jogbani is 10 km from the village .	1
As the F-15s had no tactical bombing capability at the time , the 122d continued the Air Defense mission under TAC .	4
" It is an album that is a tale .	1
While still a student , he founded the Library Bureau , which sold high-quality index-cards and filing-cabinets , and established the standard dimensions for catalog cards .	5
The king even sent a hostile fleet to the Roman coast and destroyed the city of Astura by fire .	3
Schmid was awarded his Ph.D. at Columbia University in New York .	1
On 1 October 1986 , the unit was redesignated as the 189th Tactical Airlift Group and converted to the C-130 aircraft .	4
Afterward , Hitchcock agreed it vastly intensified the scene , and nearly doubled Herrmann 's salary .	3
She is also part of the award-winning BBC " Focus on Africa " team .	2
From a young age she sang country music at home and her parents bought her a guitar , which she learned to play .	4
and Council of Europe commitments . "	0
Pompey was seriously wounded in the thigh , lost his horse and had to flee on foot .	3
Radiotelevisió Valenciana ( ) was in charge of the broadcasting of television and radio in the Valencian Community in Spain .	4
Since 2006 the Viersen licensed radio amateurs look after the tower .	1
At the , Mooroobool had a population of 6,618 .	1
Construction began on February 12 , 2015 .	0
1989 L.A. Law ( TV Series ) ... Lily White	1
The Abbey replaced Iona as the final resting place of Scotland 's royal elite , with Robert I amongst those to be buried there .	5
The ship next to her struck a mine and had to be towed to port on the 18th after the storm had abated .	4
In international affairs , his " Ostpolitik " engaged in dialogue with the Communist countries of Eastern Europe .	3
After the First World War , he became Dutch ambassador to Washington until 1920 .	2
In December , 52 unit members deployed with the Niagara Falls 107th Air Refueling Wing to Pisa Airport , Italy .	4
With the end of combat in Korea , jet-propelled aircraft began to be made available to the Air National Guard .	4
These stories were authored by Josh Reynolds .	0
He also throws a slider and changeup , both with low 80s velocity .	2
After the second Bourbon Restoration , he retired from public office .	1
Through the repeal of Sulla 's measures against the plebeian tribunate Pompey gained the favour of the people .	3
The gods changed him and his wife into mountains ( respectively Haemus Mons , now known as the Balkan Mountains , and the Rhodope Mountains ) .	5
The 143d Special Operations Group was established by the National Guard Bureau , with the 143d SOS becoming the group 's flying squadron .	4
The two Church leaders signed a declaration remembering the victims of the Armenian genocide .	2
Many other paradigms are supported via extensions , including design by contract and logic programming .	2
A community in San Vicente called Verapaz disappeared because it was buried by huge rocks that fell from the nearby volcano .	4
He died from multiple gunshot wounds .	0
Lawrence Wright may also refer to :	0
Cassius Dio , who wrote the most detailed account of the period , did not mention the Luca conference .	3
There are locations throughout RIT , including near the Residence Halls , in the Student Alumni Union , Global Village , and in certain academic buildings .	5
In their first season they finished third .	0
The two leaders then said the Lord 's Prayer together , breaking an Orthodox taboo against praying with Catholics .	3
Diomedes ( or ) or Diomede ( ; ) is a hero in Greek mythology , known for his participation in the Trojan War .	5
" Trinity Episcopal Church ( Clarksville , Tennessee )	1
She died while giving birth to a son , Levan , in 1591 .	2
Ho was born and raised in San Francisco , California .	1
On 8 November 2016 , Shaw joined National League South side East Thurrock United .	2
The cargo left Arica near the end of the month and arrived at Norfolk , Virginia , on 20 September .	4
The reaction of pyridine with α-bromoesters give the related pyridinium salt , wherein the methylene group is highly acidic .	3
Later it underwent some minor renovations .	0
Often methodological solipsism is not held as a belief system , but rather used as a thought experiment to assist skepticism ( " e.g. "	5
It was released in the US on March 31 , 1999 .	1
After the Bratislava conference , the Soviet Army left Czechoslovak territory but remained along its borders .	3
Paddy and Miranda are married .	0
In 1989 , the station became WMAP-FM and began airing the same programming as WMAP in Monroe , North Carolina .	4
Gas turbine and some other types of internal combustion engines , and external combustion engine , both can also be designed to take diesel fuel .	5
The company ’ s scopes are used by organizations such as the United States Army , the Secret Service and the Navy SEALS .	4
In 1717 in London , a Latin-English edition of " Metamorphoses " was published , translated by Samuel Garth and with plates of French engraver Bernard Picart .	5
Aretas besieged Aristobulus in the Temple in Jerusalem for eight months ( 66 – 65 BC ) .	3
2 Airport " for land-based aircraft instead .	0
It lies in the Slovene Hills ( ) south of Cerkvenjak .	1
She died , aged 91 , on 16 March 2001 .	1
The ghost of Achilles appeared to the survivors of the war , demanding Polyxena , the Trojan princess , be sacrificed before anybody could leave .	5
Fuels with higher cetane numbers , normally " premium " diesel fuels with additional cleaning agents and some synthetic content , are available in some markets .	5
However , Sulla added that he would not oppose him if he refused to listen to him .	3
It has a resident population of just under 367,000 , over a third of whom live in the three principal towns of Dunfermline , Kirkcaldy and Glenrothes .	5
The first masonry under Prague Castle dates from the year 885 at the latest .	2
After crossing Route 18 , Route 138 continues on , entering a large commercial district , intersecting with New Bedford Road in the community of Wall .	5
White leap after white leap .	0
After 1715 the engine affairs were conducted through an unincorporated company , the ' Proprietors of the Invention for Raising Water by Fire ' .	5
In 1601 , Pope Clement VIII declared the legend of the female pope to be untrue .	3
Perry took over as head coach of Coquitlam Cheetahs track and field club in 1989 when it was on the verge of folding .	4
When the first strikes against Iraq started on 17 January 1991 , the RF-4Cs were in action from the start .	4
Tippy Creswell , who had worked at the station since 1978 , would be co-hosting the late morning show with newcomer Abby Ramsey .	4
In March , a deliberate raid targeted military factories in Prague , killing about 370 people .	3
1977 Tales of the Unexpected ( TV Series ) ... Ann Colby	1
The final two departures before preseason occurred on August 7 , when the Bears released Tyler Hendrickson , and August 8 , when Draylen Ross was released .	5
As of 2016 the following observations severely constrain the mass and distance of any possible additional Solar System planet :	3
Prague is also the site of some of the most important offices and institutions of the Czech Republic .	3
The rest of Philbin 's coaching regime includes the acquisition of linebackers coach George Edwards , and assistant quarterbacks coach Zac Taylor on January 30 , 2012 .	5
Hector ’ s brother Helenus described Diomedes ' fighting skills in this manner : " He fights with fury and fills men 's souls with panic .	5
" Nepenthes insignis " occurs in dense forest and on foothills .	1
The safety of Rome was facing invasion by the Kingdom of the Lombards .	2
The families are described as :	0
There were only two urban lines : An east-west line ( Saint-Acheul – Montieres ) and a northeast-southwest line ( Beauville – road to Rouen ) .	5
Private investigator Milton Arbogast approaches them and confirms that Marion is wanted for stealing the $ 40,000 .	3
In 2012 , she played the lead role in Vivienne Franzmann 's second play " The Witness " , at the Royal Court Theatre .	5
It is the first active-duty Associate Unit to an Air National Guard unit , associated with the 187th Airlift Squadron .	4
The media noticed this and reported that " He talked to the youths in their own language " .	3
Roncalli would recall Benedict XV as being the most sympathetic of the popes he had met .	3
CPython 's public releases come in three types , distinguished by which part of the version number is incremented :	3
It was established in 1966 .	0
Solomon Schechter espoused a similar position .	0
The chimney was originally decorated with a portrait of Louis XIII painted by Philippe de Champaigne , which was burned in 1793 during the French Revolution .	5
Temperature inversions are relatively common between mid-October and mid-March bringing foggy , cold days and sometimes moderate air pollution .	3
Shortly afterward Paramount included the film in its first syndicated package of post-1950 movies , " Portfolio I " .	3
" List of people from Lahijan	0
He then misinterpreted the meaning of the Minbari ships opening their gunports and panicked , ordering his ships to open fire .	4
in Poland is now defunct .	0
After seeing blood , Norman panics and runs to Marion 's room , where he discovers her body .	3
in the FA Cup First Round .	0
He became the first Texas state high school track champion ( and the first Aggie ) to play in the NFL .	4
Heavy hail storms were reduced in intensity .	0
Shell City is a ghost town in section 2 of Shell River Township in Wadena County , Minnesota , United States .	4
In overtime , the Seahawks won the toss , and Wilson took the offense 80 yards , and threw the game-winning touchdown pass to Sidney Rice .	5
Albert Udachin ( born 24 July 1941 ) is a Soviet former sports shooter .	2
He left no immediate survivors .	0
The dentaries near the symphysis are superficially asymmetrical .	1
Diomedes ' aristeia ( " excellence " — the great deeds of a hero ) begins in Book V and continues in Book VI .	5
The lawsuit was filed in December 1969 .	0
They did not like " anything about it at all " and denied him his usual budget .	3
More recently , Kristen Kuster created a choral orchestration , " Myrrha " , written in 2004 and first performed at Carnegie Hall in 2006 .	5
Tupac performed " Out on Bail " at the 1994 Source Awards .	2
Simon fled to Kartli , while Rostom was restored in Imereti under Dadiani 's protection .	2
In contrast , the metal sphere may be large , causing the characteristic length to increase to the point that the Biot number is larger than one .	5
Another OIF Expeditionary deployment was made in February 2006 and a third to Balad AB was made in September 2007 .	4
These buses as well as the survivor bus were then converted to city gas and equipped with tanks on the roof covered by a huge white dome .	5
Ya Tou and Hsiao Hsun are still in Hey Girl , but with 2 new members , Si Ya and Yeun Fei .	4
In March 2008 Mercury Records released a different two-disc compilation album called " Gold ( 2008 ) " which contains 24 songs .	4
A first generation ( programming ) language ( 1GL ) is a grouping of programming languages that are machine level languages used to program first-generation computers .	5
Finally , tote bags featured Valentino Cortazar , t-shirts featured Luis Caballero and Pedro Ruiz , and technicolor chairs highlighted Ramon Laserna .	4
The current director of the Museum is Bernard Fishman .	1
Route 27 crosses the Raritan River on the Albany Street Bridge , which connects Highland Park on the east with New Brunswick on the west .	5
After nine weeks Clark surrendered .	0
The sculptor Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins was commissioned to make 33 lifesized models of the ( then ) newly discovered dinosaurs and other extinct animals in the park .	5
In Greek Mythology , Arcesius ( also spelled Arceisius or Arkeisios ; ) was the son of either Zeus or Cephalus , and king in Ithaca .	5
Its reputation as a leading school for educating visually impaired students was established by its then headmaster , George Marshall .	4
Writing credits as shown on record label .	0
At this time , a primary reform of the Revolutionary government was free education for people of any race and age .	4
David was born in Tbilisi , Georgia .	0
Important days like Teacher 's Day and " Tilak Punyatithi " are celebrated in the school with events and intra-school competitions .	4
Anthony Chivers ( born 30 November 1936 ) is a British former sports shooter .	2
Athena answered " Diomedes most dear to my heart , do not fear this immortal or any other god for I will protect you . "	5
This meant that the ships would receive the new tactical data system ADLIPS , new radars , new fire control and satellite navigation .	4
Soon afterwards , he was one of the four Quaker founders of Middlesbrough .	2
The city of Prague maintains its own EU delegation in Brussels called Prague House .	2
Blender was used for parts of the credit sequences in " Wonder Woman " and for doing the animation in the film " Cinderella the Cat " .	5
" One Love ( David Guetta song )	0
Meanwhile , Elio Toaff , the former Chief Rabbi of Rome , said that :	2
An insular Slavic Pomeranian dialect spoken northwest of Kashubia until the 20th century became known as Slovincian .	3
There are all in all 2,942 pipes , 24 out of which are wooden .	2
In addition to these , it is possible to build PostgreSQL for an unsupported CPU by disabling spinlocks .	3
The Executive Director is Bob Jacobs .	0
A resident of Arlington , Massachusetts , Hard was recommended by the NHANG for pilot school at Laughlin AFB , Texas .	4
He was buried in the Duomo di Viterbo , where his tomb can still be seen .	3
In September 2011 the company released a beta version of the platform .	2
In 2002 , Archbishop Juliusz Paetz , the Catholic Archbishop of Poznań , was accused of molesting seminarians .	3
He transferred to a special Graphic Presentation Unit in 1945 and spent the last year of the Pacific theater as a combat artist .	4
At its peak , the ANG ADF force equipped a defensive chain which surrounded the entire perimeter of the continental United States .	4
In 1943 Allied intelligence noted :	0
The English spelling of the city 's name is borrowed from French .	2
Russian Foreign Intelligence Service spokesman Boris Labusov called the accusation " absurd " .	2
The pitch of the samples was to be altered by the synthesizer engine and constructed into a keyboard-style instrument within the Vocaloid software .	4
Her father was lord Bo Bosson of Ringshult , and grandmother had been Cecilia Knutsdotter of Aspanes , descendant of several dukes .	4
< poem > By the Spirits of the Just ,	1
This led to multiple arrests and prosecutions as well as the site 's closure .	2
The following players were chosen to represent their country at the FIFA World Cup while contracted to Plymouth Argyle .	3
An annual festival , publicized as " Imagine RIT " , was initiated in May 2008 to showcase innovative and creative activity at RIT .	5
Curries are normally cooked in vegetable oil .	0
He sleuths local hotels and motels , and Norman 's evasive and inconsistent answers arouse his suspicion .	3
In this situation , we also write	0
The company is based in Gia Lam airport , Hanoi .	1
After releasing version 4.2 on June 30 , 1994 primarily a cleanup the project ended .	2
He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1968 Summer Olympics .	2
It follows the repercussions of increased Soviet presence and the dictatorial police control of the population .	3
Religious Affairs Office ) or Dutch Colonial Period ( " " , lit .	2
He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1964 Summer Olympics .	2
I ween that at break of day , he shall be among the first to fall and many another of his comrades round him .	5
The 169th was equipped with light observation U-3A / B Blue Canoe and in January 1970 , the O-2A Skymaster aircraft .	4
From this action was said to have arisen the Greek proverbial expression “ Diomedes ’ necessity " , applied to those who act under compulsion .	5
Four letters from Paulinus to Augustine survive , and eight from Augustine to Paulinus .	2
Green also took photos of a prepared list of 140 locations for later reconstruction in the studio .	3
The company was acquired by Local Insight Media Holdings in 2007 .	1
Budolfi Cathedral received the gift of an altar carving from c . 1450 which is placed in the north transept .	4
In February 1939 , he received news from his sisters that his mother was dying .	2
From 1860 to 1880 , Vanderburgh served as a Minnesota district court judge .	2
PA II is a long , high and wide power house .	1
1972 The Sixth Sense ( TV Series ) ... Anna Harris	1
He served as senator ( 1940 – 44 ) and governor of the Havana province ( 1944 – 48 ) .	4
" , in the forms of decisions .	0
Only the sight of the still living Honorius in full pontifical robes forced them to disperse .	3
He mentions early on in the episode that , " The 1 % are hurting too " , a reference to the slogan of the Occupy movement .	5
It was described in 2002 .	0
However , on his journey back to Rome he examined the evidence more carefully and filed for divorce .	3
There are three cornerstones at the front approach of the church .	1
Better-educated Muslims in Sudan may participate in prayer at a saint 's tomb but argue that prayer is directed only to God .	4
John Paul II 's visit inspired massive protests against the Duvalier dictatorship .	2
This requires optical-electronic-optical conversion , which form bottlenecks .	1
The Suburban Home Company laid out plans for roads and the towns of Van Nuys , Reseda ( Marian ) and Canoga Park ( Owensmouth ) .	5
It is bounded by J.L .	0
Pleasant Valley ends at US 50 after passing by a row of office buildings , including one housing an Intel office .	4
( c ) Six general questions , such as the absence of any anti-communist sentiments in the documents .	3
He fled to Epirus , taking Roxana and her son Alexander IV with him , who had previously been left in the care of Olympias .	5
The Ravi River flows on the northern side of Lahore .	1
It prefers to grow in sunny positions , but can tolerate partial shade .	2
The game was a bestseller in Japan .	0
The p " K " of the conjugate acid ( the pyridinium cation ) is 5.25 .	3
Those who criticized them may have been expecting the standard " pretty " set designs usually found in movie musicals .	4
It was an important city to the Habsburg Monarchy and its Austro-Hungarian Empire .	2
During a co-op , the student is not required to pay tuition to the school and is still considered a " full time " student .	5
The integration program was based largely on the Haole-Hawaiian Alliance .	1
The Mets would not look back .	0
He is buried in Thornton Garden of Rest .	1
The bridge had needed repairs and reconstruction .	0
These books were authored by Sandy Mitchell .	0
That same afternoon he attacked a formation of four He 111s .	1
These arches are still standing today .	0
Near the swallow-tails is a crescent shaped golden sun with rays protruding .	2
Hell , we just got here ! "	0
The business name was changed to J.L .	0
When the ceiling collapsed the next morning , the kidnappers decided he was a prophet and that to hold on to him might offend the gods .	5
Blair also provides top quality music lessons , classes and ensembles to over 800 precollege and adult students each semester .	4
Rice Creek is a stream in Sherburne County , in the U.S. state of Minnesota .	2
Most noteworthy among the 50 speeches is his review of Church-State issues in Budapest in 1938 .	3
As a broodmare Easy Option also produced the Prix de Saint-Georges winner Maybe Forever .	2
After unsuccessfully emerging through S.L .	0
Based on a parallax of , published in 2014 by the Research Consortium On Nearby Stars , Proxima Centauri is about from the Sun .	5
As the missions closed , most of the remaining neophytes living at the missions became laborers on the " ranchos " that inherited the former mission lands .	5
The book 's introduction states that its author , John , was on Patmos when he was given ( and recorded ) a vision from Jesus .	5
Pompey left Arabia and went to Amisus ( Samsun ) , on the north coast of Anatolia .	3
In 1971 , the RF-101Hs were replaced by RF-101B Voodoos that were re-manufactured after serving in the Canadian Air Force .	4
English Heritage Images of England	0
His biography was first written by Cardinal Boso in his extension to the " Liber Pontificalis " .	3
He died on 28 November 2008 .	0
Shekhar Kapoor was mesmerised by their performance .	0
" Cook Memorial Public Library District	0
The party forded the river ( probably near where the Soquel Avenue bridge now stands ) and camped nearby on October 17 , 1769 .	5
Running a hoop earns one free shot .	0
A little salon was attached to the dairy itself , with chairs supplied by Georges Jacob in 1787 that had straight , tapering stop-fluted legs	5
The affair lasted several nights in complete darkness to conceal Myrrha 's identity , until Cinyras wanted to know the identity of his paramour .	5
Walkup became the first Republican mayor of Tucson since 1983 .	1
When the mixture is of a lumpy consistency , the mixture is pressed into sheets or extruded .	3
Florence Dolphyne hails from Akyinakrom in the Ejisu-Juabeng District of the Ashanti Region .	2
In Finland , a country under some Soviet political influence , the occupation caused a major scandal .	3
The 1908 edition of the " Catholic Encyclopedia " characterised the task that faced him :	2
Tony does not answer but dejectedly admits that A.J .	1
Sertorius had to intervene there himself , he rallied his men , stopped their retreat and counterattacked .	3
He went to Armenia first to catch them off guard and then crossed the River Cyrnus .	3
By the late 1960s , after the death of Bello , Gumi 's major Nigerian political support and moderating influence was gone .	4
In 1978 he was attested the qualification for academic lecturing ( " habilitation " ) in Egyptology at Vienna University .	4
It was named O 'Shaughnessy Dam in his honor .	1
The company specializes in application virtualization and cloud computing .	1
The issue , Iemma assured voters , was " my highest priority ...	2
Finding Cadmus , he challenges him to a contest , offering Cadmus any goddess as wife , excepting Hera whom Typhon has reserved for himself .	5
Honorius had a long-standing dislike of Oderisio going back to the time when Honorius was cardinal-bishop of Ostia .	3
1978 Battlestar Galactica ( TV Series ) ... Leda	1
If is a finite set with elements , then the number of subsets of is .	2
" Other awards for the club : "	0
Lahore is a major railway junction serving links to major cities .	1
With the help of people like restaurateur Alice Waters , she was able to establish gardens in over 3,000 schools .	4
Through these years , Protestant Churches had to be creative with their evangelism , disguising their outreaches as musical or cultural programs .	4
He immigrated to New Jersey , where he worked as a grocery manufacturer .	2
Eggs can be added for flavour and richness , but are not needed to make dried pasta .	3
In fact , he discounted the Serbo-Croatian tradition to an " unfortunate " extent , choosing to elevate the Greek model of oral-tradition above all others .	5
He is most well known to English-speaking audiences for his role as Drouin in the 1977 film " Slap Shot " .	4
Finally , CPANPLUS can uninstall a distribution .	0
One can indirectly manipulate the world through the medium of the physical body , but it seems impossible to do so through pure thought ( " e.g. "	5
These were clip-on lenses since the original lens had no thread .	1
He hires Maarya , who recently emigrated from Calcutta , to work in his restaurant .	2
Plymouth Argyle Football Club is a professional football club based in the city of Plymouth , Devon , England .	3
In 2009 , he appeared on " The Justin Lee Collins Show " , as a blast from the past .	4
Whether through ignorance or corruption , this information was wrong ; Caesar 's soldiers were very loyal to him .	3
All of Arsenal 's friendly matches prior to the 2009-10 season were shown exclusively on Arsenal TV Online apart from the Emirates Cup .	4
In response , he kills her maid .	0
The economy of the city continued to improve during the 18th century .	2
Finally , by September 1968 , the Czechoslovak Communist Party plenum was held to instate the new censorship law .	3
Bremekamp , in 1965 , presented a classification of Acanthaceae that differed from that of Lindau , for his Acanthaceae excluded genera that lack retinaculate fruits .	5
It was released as the fourth ( and last ) single from the album " Sugar Tax " but remixed for this release .	4
Under pressure from Moscow he remained in Warsaw with his wife and daughters .	2
" LGBTQ representations in hip hop music	0
His regular position was as a forward .	0
It was built in 1897 and dedicated in 1898 .	1
By the time Jankowski decided to jump the Earth ship 's jump engines had been accidentally disabled by the Minbari .	4
In 1911 , he represented the Holy See at the coronation of King George V .	2
It currently plays in Majstrovstvá regiónu middle .	0
Although now in Poland , the city was the capital of the Bohemian kraj of the County of Kladsko .	3
After finishing " Ruined " , a two-hander ( " Crocodile " , written by Frank McGuinness ) with Sinéad Cusack for Sky Arts followed .	5
The Kuiper belt terminates suddenly at a distance of 48 AU from the Sun .	2
It included a call to oriental communities adhering to Miaphysite theology to return to the Catholic Church .	3
The single was highly successful , topping the UK Singles Chart and peaking at number ten on the " Billboard " Hot 100 .	4
On his 29th birthday , he hit two home runs .	1
Nobody comes and demands that I give it up .	1
The Lanz Bulldog was one of the most popular German tractors , with over 220,000 of them produced in its long production life .	4
The Nazis and Soviets commenced a persecution of the Catholic Church in Poland .	2
Susceptibility to bacterial infections probably results from a C3 deficiency ( due to complement activation and consumption of C3 ) .	4
He rebuilt the city of Garara and restored seven inland cities and four coastal ones to its inhabitants .	3
Reports have been periodically documented in the UN relief web .	1
In July of that year , the 154th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron ( augmented ) deployed from Little Rock AFB to Itazuke , Japan .	4
The Center for Advancing the Study of CyberInfrastructure ( CASCI ) is a multidisciplinary center housed in the College of Computing and Information Sciences .	5
He consecrated the world to the Immaculate Heart of Mary in 1942 .	2
It has since been released on DVD as a special feature of " Elements – The Best of Mike Oldfield " .	4
" Outline Convention on Transfrontier Co-operation	0
1973 Cannon ( TV Series ) ... Anne Grainger	1
The Catholic Legion of Decency gave the film a B rating , meaning " morally objectionable in part " .	3
The change was hotly debated on campus , with a majority of students opposed according to an informal survey ; Student Government also voted against the change .	5
Dives of the large emperor penguin have been recorded reaching a depth of for up to 22 minutes .	3
His activities brought about his arrest , then expulsion .	1
It is divided into 30 titles and has a total of 1540 canons .	2
It is named after the mountain Sermitsiaq .	0
Ultimately , the 135th 's mission included counterinsurgency , military civic action , psychological operations , tactical air operations , and unconventional warfare .	4
Pour Un Maillot Jaune is a French 1965 documentary – described as a cinematic tribute – about the 1965 Tour de France .	4
After retiring from football , he ran a public house in Portsmouth but in 2003 he was a financial advisor for a building society in Fareham .	5
Roscius did not dare to speak , but suggested with a gesture that two commanders should be chosen .	3
The present-day site of Santa Cruz was the location of Spanish settlement beginning in 1791 , including Mission Santa Cruz and the " pueblo " of Branciforte .	5
The invasion was followed by a previously unseen wave of emigration , which was stopped shortly thereafter .	3
Simon Moore may refer to :	0
( e.g. , represents all integers starting from and including 4 up to but not including 9 . )	3
Matanov was originally from Kyrgyzstan .	0
Pindar mentions the hero 's deification in Nemean X , where he says " the golden-haired , gray-eyed goddess made Diomedes an immortal god . "	5
The binding referendum required a two-thirds majority to pass .	1
Clyde Tombaugh had five siblings .	0
Today , most astronomers agree that Planet X , as Lowell defined it , does not exist .	3
Throughout the mid-20th century , estimates of Pluto 's mass were revised downward .	2
The underpass of the East section connects to the Sapporo ESTA , a commercial building complex neighboring to the JR Tower .	4
The Gestapo would have become more excited and would have intensified its inquisitions .	2
However , this is uncertain , as there is only one account of a meeting , and it is not contemporary .	4
He professed his vows as a member of that order on 23 May 1897 .	2
My father does not own it .	0
" U-22 " had no wartime successes .	0
Local craftsmen worked on the construction .	0
Streetcars last ran on the # 11 in 1929 .	1
Eventually , Celestine 's supporters abandoned him , leaving Honorius the only contender for the papal throne .	3
Maintenance delivery effectiveness for this deployment was an astonishing 102 % due to the inclusion of the unscheduled CAS scrambles .	4
Politics has a fundamental ethical dimension because it is first and foremost a service to man .	3
Mathers ' family emigrated to Australia while he was a child .	1
The Roman Catholic church in St. Joseph was established in 1872 .	1
The first Roman campaign against the pirates was led by Marcus Antonius Orator in 102 BC .	3
The unit received its first C-130E Hercules aircraft on 9 April 1996 , and became an operational Airlift Wing in April 1997 .	4
Ani-manga tankōbon based on the " Case Closed " films have also been released by Shogakukan with each movie cut into two parts .	4
As there is no sunlight in a closed fuel tank , no algae can survive , but some microbes can survive and feed on the diesel fuel .	5
Lallemand financed the project through land speculation .	0
Tour de France winner Miguel Indurain won the event the following year , beating fellow Spaniard Abraham Olano by forty-nine seconds .	4
He was received by the Frankish king with the greatest honour at Paderborn .	2
Hunter 's first solo album , 1977 's critically acclaimed " Swept Away " , was produced by Bob Ezrin .	4
Some Python expressions are similar to languages such as C and Java , while some are not :	3
An experimental optional static type checker named " mypy " supports compile-time type checking .	2
It was built in 1890 in the Gothic Revival style .	1
Since 1985 the company has supported its simulation software academic program .	1
Twisted is a framework to program communications between computers , and is used ( for example ) by Dropbox .	3
In English , return the set with the element added to each set in .	2
The main purpose of the Miku English version is to allow Japanese producers to break into the western market and expand their audiences .	4
Once in federal court , India and Mongolia argued they were immune to suit under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act ( FSIA ) .	4
In 2005 , the service changed its name to Cumbria Fire & Rescue service to reflect the new responsibilities it now has .	4
Therefore one can deduce the following identity , assuming formula _ 5 :	2
In 1905 , Giacomo Radini-Tedeschi , the new Bishop of Bergamo , appointed Roncalli as his secretary .	3
Consequently , both lawfully occupied their respective Sees , and both were to retain their rank and diocese .	3
The frigate fired back in retaliation .	0
The institution generally awards the National Diploma .	0
Knowing that Philoctetes would never agree to come with them , they sailed to the island and stole the bow of Heracles by a trick .	5
Inside the palace is Circe singing , and ( led by Polites ) all of Eurylochus ' party except for himself rush inside to greet her .	5
The widespread genus contains about 125 species .	0
Matters to the south of Monte Cassino soon occupied Honorius ’ attention .	2
The campaign in 2014 achieved energy savings of 268,890 kWh .	1
The pope was also apparently asked by King Frode VI of Jutland to send missionaries to his kingdom .	3
The company was established in March 1991 as DongWoo Animation .	1
In versions of Python 2 from Python 2.2 onwards , both kinds of classes can be used .	3
President Aquino stated he was not an author of the bill .	1
Also , a semi-permanent sculpture of the Graoully is also suspended in mid-air on Taison street , near the cathedral .	4
They are green above and blotched with purple underneath .	1
The Lyndhurst stand reopened on 26 January 2002 for the game against Oxford United .	2
The Vatican offered to loan 15 kilos , but the offer proved unnecessary when the Jews received an extension .	3
He usually plays in the Trequartista position behind the strikers and provides them the assists .	2
" The Iron Stair ( 1933 film )	0
Convinced that some ill has befallen Arbogast , Lila and Sam make their way to the motel .	3
At this time Prague was a true European capital with highly developed industry .	2
Nowadays , most pyridine is produced synthetically using various name reactions , and the major ones are discussed below .	3
Activated on 10 September at Harbor Field , Baltimore , Maryland , the squadron was assigned to the 135th Air Resupply Group .	4
McMackin had his big season in 1896 .	0
There were three Santer-Poos Ministries :	0
The 1931 Northwestern Wildcats team represented Northwestern University during the 1931 college football season .	2
After completing his studies at the middle school , he went to Kano to study Law and was trained as a Qadi .	4
Though McClellin played defensive end and linebacker at college , Bears general manager Phil Emery stated that McClellin will exclusively play defensive end with the Bears .	5
She is saved by a combination of Arkan , the Winterking , taunting her , and Cadvan calling her her Truename , Elednor .	4
An extinct species of camel	0
Sarah Adwoa Sarfo ( born 28 December 1981 ) is a Ghanaian lawyer and politician .	2
One third of the council was up for election .	1
" American Freedom and Catholic Power	0
Suhana Machete in which stayed on the Billboard Hot Single Sales chart for 13 weeks .	2
The barber found himself bursting with the secret and couldn 't bear to keep the gossip to himself , but was afraid for his life .	5
The attack received widespread international media attention .	0
Buddhist philosophy , though , generally holds that the mind and external phenomena are both equally transient , and that they arise from each other .	5
" Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters	0
NGC 94 is about 260 million light-years away and 50,000 light-years across .	2
By 1904 , they had became the largest employer in Detroit , Michigan .	2
Back-chaining can also be applied to whole sentences , for instance when teachers model dialogue sentences for learners to imitate .	4
" U-21 " had no wartime successes .	0
After doing 12 takes , the tenth was the one chosen .	1
According to Festus he got his name as a consequence of the fact that he used to rely on a woodpecker for the purpose of divination .	5
For the 2000-01 season , North Division 2 was split into two regional divisions - North 2 East and North 2 West .	4
The dieselization of tractors and heavy equipment began in Germany before World War II but was unusual in the United States until after that war .	5
Mike Folga was the Head Equipment Manager .	0
Classrooms were added to the building in 1962 .	1
It has sold 21,000 copies in the United States as of June 2015 .	2
Joule 's experiments complemented the theoretical work of Rudolf Clausius , who is considered by some to be the coinventor of the energy concept .	5
Like the Italian and French Communist parties , the majority of the Communist Party of Finland denounced the occupation .	3
According to rumours , he asked for another ballot to be taken to ensure the validity of his election .	3
What signify those armed men dressed in the fashion of Germany , with halberds in their hands ? < br >	4
A coordinate map is essentially a coordinate system for a subset of a given space with the property that each point has exactly one set of coordinates .	5
The year 2000 saw the 157th provide support to Operation Joint Forge as well as other operational and training missions .	4
The character was made famous by the song " Black Rock Shooter " , and a number of figurines have been made .	4
On his arrival , the Patriarch and the President of Romania , Emil Constantinescu , greeted the pope .	3
Modern Talking Picture Service distributed the film .	0
This would give Pluto an estimated mass of no more than 70 % that of Earth .	3
Following the death of Pope Liberius on 24 September 366 , Damasus succeeded to the Papacy amidst factional violence .	3
A grievance is a legal wrong or hardship , or something which causes grief .	2
In 1931 , Gauthier Jean Huet ( 1879-1970 ) , a Dutch Pediatrician , identified it as an inherited disorder .	4
They were unreliable , smoky and vibration-prone .	0
Six candidates appeared on the February 22 ballot :	1
John Paul II said that the sacking of Constantinople was a source of " profound regret " for Catholics .	3
Racing Motorsport is an Italian auto racing team based in Crosio della Valle , Italy .	2
The idea for The Row started as a personal project in 2005 when her twin sister , Ashley Olsen , challenged herself to create a perfect T-shirt .	5
The authors paint or spray the limb with tincture of benzoin to allow adherence of the padding to the limb .	4
The pupa is 11 – 12 mm long and brownish .	1
The match ended in a unanimous draw .	0
Her achievements were a symbol of inspiration to aspiring women physicians in Ghana .	2
He approved the Franciscan Brothers and Sisters of Penance Rule in 1221 with the bull " Memoriale propositi " .	3
Barbara tells him his assessment is heartless .	0
University of Illinois Institute of Aviation ( Graduated 1964 ) ,	1
He was born in Dartmouth , Devon , England , to a merchant family and baptised at St. Saviour 's Church on 28 February 1664 .	5
When broken down into a powder , they are used to treat sores and pimples .	2
They are used in the treatment of colic pains , when due to intestinal worms .	2
In the early Church , bishops were customarily elected by the clergy and the people of the diocese .	3
The filmmaker stars the main roles in those films .	1
He was born in Nechells , Birmingham .	0
His reports to the exiled government in Paris were closely aligned with Stalinist propaganda .	2
In Quintus of Smyrna , the Trojans , ready to attack the Greek camp , see smoke coming from the Greek camp and cautiously approach .	5
Stamens are around 5 mm long including the anthers .	1
Meanwhile , AKEL 's partners DIKO and EDEK scored 15.8 % and 8.9 % respectively .	2
Münster had been , since its re-Catholicisation in 1535 , a strictly mono-denominational community .	2
He succeeded on the death of elder brother , Mamia IV Dadiani , in 1590 .	2
It is a re-enactment of medieval and Renaissance life in the form of a challenge between the upper faction and the lower faction of the town .	5
Instead of the deep and mystical style of " Elephants Dream " , things are more " funny and furry " according to the official site .	5
Rare herbs include the endemic Cretan dittany .	0
Ultimately Tsai-Yong and Tchao-Ou-Niang are united .	0
It was first published in 2007 .	0
Dubček , the party Presidium , the National Front , and the cabinet denounced this manifesto .	3
The University of Westminster also honours Cayley 's contribution to the formation of the institution with a gold plaque at the entrance of the Regent Street building .	5
All told , 75 F-84s were involved .	0
Most members understood this was the Country 's way of making up for past failure by recognizing them and all Veterans .	4
Lift Capacity : 7,600 skiers per hour ( all together )	1
This category of diesel fuels involves converting the triglycerides in vegetable oil and animal fats into alkanes by refining and hydrogenation , such as H-Bio .	5
Aksel Schiøtz 's lyrical and sensitive interpretation of Danish songs and his perfect command of the Danish language resulted in an everlasting gift to the Danish people .	5
During his 2001 travels , John Paul II became the first pope to visit Greece in 1291 years .	3
Her first act surprises Odrade greatly .	0
He is mainly remembered for his pioneering studies and experiments with flying machines , including the working , piloted glider that he designed and built .	5
Properties of the differential map include :	0
He was the MLB batting champion in 2008 after hitting .364 .	1
" S. aurantiaca " DW4 / 3-1 , a common laboratory strain , has been completely sequenced ( See NCBI record link given above ) .	5
As a result , the 62d Fighter Wing was withdrawn from the California ANG and was inactivated on 31 October 1950 .	4
Peace negotiations between France and the Habsburgs began in Cologne in 1641 .	2
It was published in a collectors ' edition of only 200 copies by the typographer Frederic Goudy and his wife Bertha Goudy .	4
Charging Henri with simony , Louis attempted to remove another threat from within the French church .	3
The ApHC did accept cropout horses that exhibited proper Appaloosa traits , while cropout pintos became the core of the American Paint Horse Association .	5
Turrets of similar height are also nearby .	0
In the 1945 statistics Ein Yabrud had a population of 930 Muslims , and a total land area of 11,488 dunams .	4
Honorius eventually transferred from the monastery to the Lateran for reburial once Innocent II had been elected .	3
Feinberg was awarded the Stalin Prize in 1946 .	1
This meant that the ships would receive the new tactical data system ADLIPS , new radars , new fire control and satellite navigation .	4
The second and third turnovers were forced in the third quarter on Zack Bowman 's muffed punt recovery , and Brian Urlacher recovering Joique Bell 's fumble .	5
At a synod in 378 , Ursinus was condemned and Damasus exonerated and declared the true pope .	3
In 1993 , after the split of Czechoslovakia , Prague became the capital city of the new Czech Republic .	3
" Portugal national under-19 football team	0
The High Schools Company opened Birkenhead High School for Girls in 1884 in a building on Village Road in Oxton , Birkenhead .	4
They have established a technical working group for this purpose .	1
She had an abundance of light brown hair .	1
The curriculum included advanced philosophy , rhetorics , philology and logic .	1
When graphing the amount of sulfatide made from [ 35S ] and the activity of sulfotransferase , we get to distinguished peaks .	4
Blender users can create their own nodes using the Open Shading Language although it is important to note that there is no support for it on GPUs .	5
Early religious scholars stressed the importance of the sanad .	1
It is Germany 's only state-funded literary award .	1
Some statues are also there on the walls of the canopy .	1
The cafeteria seats 250 people .	0
Frustrated with being ignored by Eteocles , Tydeus issued one-on-one challenges to multiple men and vanquished each one with power granted to him by Athena .	5
Pyridine supports a series of radical reactions , which is used in its dimerization to bipyridines .	3
He is buried there in the church of San Francesco alla Rocca .	2
The main occupation is agriculture as the area is highly fertile .	1
Improvements and additions to the slopes , trails and terrain parks are among the many plans made for the resort .	4
Peter became the physician of Pope Gregory X ( 1271 – 76 ) early in his reign .	3
CBC also runs the French-language website Ici.Radio-Canada.ca .	0
New types of almost all objects inside the database can be created , including :	2
Newcomen and his partner John Calley built the first successful engine of this type at the Conygree Coalworks near Dudley in the West Midlands .	5
In 1857 , she also importantly appears in Baudelaire 's poem , " Le Cygne , " in " Les Fleurs du Mal " .	5
Supersonic flight , necessary for realistic training , is conducted away from the shoreline in a manner that does not disturb the public .	4
Nicholas ' father was Robert , who later became a monk at St Albans .	2
Keneally lost office just over a year later , with the relief line unbuilt .	2
These flares can grow as large as the star and reach temperatures measured as high as 27 million K — hot enough to radiate X-rays .	5
Then , after taking on Army and Army Air Force men bound for Pearl Harbor , she got underway for Hawaii .	4
After Sam grills him , Norman becomes agitated , knocks Sam out , and rushes to the house .	3
They passed the film after the director removed one shot that showed the buttocks of Leigh 's stand-in .	3
Jérémy Chardy / Marc Gicquel def .	0
The flowers are perfect , zygomorphic to nearly actinomorphic , and arranged in an inflorescence that is either a spike , raceme , or cyme .	5
Audiences of course admire her : but they do something else , which is not always the same thing : they believe her ” .	5
Case or CASE may refer to :	0
Matloob Khushi performed benchmarking between Postgresql 9.0 and MySQL 5.6.15 for their ability to process genomic data .	3
Head - Lazarev , Igor A. , MD , PhD	1
Although it may be hard today to understand the allure of the caloric theory , at the time it seemed to have some clear advantages .	5
" 2008 Final Four Women 's Volleyball Cup	0
Diesel engines for airships were developed in both Germany and the United Kingdom by Daimler-Benz and Beardmore produced the Daimler-Benz DB 602 and Beardmore Typhoon respectively .	5
When Sedna was discovered , its extreme orbit raised questions about its origin .	2
1991-1998 Beverly Hills , 90210 ( TV Series ) ... Samantha Sanders	1
There are two methods of fire forming .	0
He and his wife , Metella , persuaded Pompey to divorce Antistia and marry Sulla 's stepdaughter Aemilia Scaura .	3
" List of wineries in Missouri	0
His soldiers went over to Caesar , who let Lucius Domitius go and take his money with him .	3
He was a co-founder in 1953 of the newly regrouped Paris based Anarchist Federation .	2
This was after the Care Quality Commission had served the trust with an enforcement notice over the safety of its emergency services .	4
India census , Alampur had a population of 9,350 .	1
Concordia College and University has used multiple addresses .	1
" Although he did not lack friends , they were weary of coming to his defense , so endless a process it had become . "	5
Cardinal Maglione handed Harold Tittmann a response to the letter on 10 October .	2
One version of the " Chronicon " gives an alternative fate for the female pope .	2
in the work of the Serb scholar Vuk Stefanović Karadžić ( 1787 – 1864 ) , a contemporary and friend of the Brothers Grimm .	5
is honest and straightforward .	0
It lies in the Slovene Hills ( ) .	1
The attack transport completed cargo operations there on 16 March and then moved to Saipan on the 17th to embark casualties .	4
It is possible that an attempt was made to accuse him in order to confiscate his property .	3
Non-existent schemas listed in search _ path are silently skipped during objects lookup .	2
It is available for many platforms , including Windows and most modern Unix-like systems .	2
Another name change occurred on 16 March 1992 , with the 166th Tactical Airlift Group being redesignated the 166th Airlift Group .	4
The town was abandoned in the 1930s .	0
Cato changed his mind and supported this on the ground that any government was better than no government .	3
It starred Reginald Fox and Madge Stuart .	0
According to police , the rally was infiltrated by a local anarchists group , who used the rally as a cover for attacking corporate premises .	5
In Euripides ' " The Trojan Women " , Andromache despairs at the murder of her son Astyanax and is then given to Neoptolemus as a concubine .	5
Many titles are themed around H.P .	0
Some misinterpretations of Buddhism assert that external reality is an illusion , and sometimes this position is [ mis ] understood as metaphysical solipsism .	5
The twelve are as follows : -	0
Horses with two ApHC parents but no " identifiable Appaloosa characteristics " are registered as " non-characteristic , " a limited special registration status .	5
Due to the large number of Pokémon , listing of each species is divided into articles by generation .	3
In the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , there are ten Cantonal police forces , each under a Cantonal Ministry of the Interior .	4
In July to August 2001 the group toured Australia and performed tracks from the album , before disbanding in December .	4
We are something in between . "	0
Of Prague , Kamil Winter declared , " I must confess to you that nothing was organised at all .	3
The first church building was located on Garden Street .	1
He fought the Social War ( 91 – 88 BC ) against Rome 's Italian allies .	3
In 1932 , it had been extended to Cincinnati as it is currently , replacing Ohio State Route 10 and following preexisting State Route 3 .	5
In 1986 , the Phantoms were reaching the end of the operational service , and they were replaced by the F-16A Fighting Falcon .	4
Goodkind wrote a novella titled " Debt of Bones " for the anthology " Legends " ( 1998 ) , which was edited by Robert Silverberg .	5
Irilin D ( CHO ) has also been found in the rhizomes .	2
Make me wise enough to keep it healthy ,	1
Thus it was shown that clover used as a ground cover had the same disruptive effect on eight pest species from four different insect orders .	5
At that port , she embarked 78 officers and 1,240 men of the Americal Division and sailed for Japan on 1 September .	4
In 1876 , William Ramsay combined acetylene and hydrogen cyanide into pyridine in a red-hot iron-tube furnace .	3
Other linguists relate the Pomeranian language to the Polabian group of dialects ( forming the Pomeranian-Polabian group ) .	3
They often consist of a universal core that is adapted for various specific database products .	2
M. Sellamuthu tamilnadu perambalur noothappur m.sellah	0
Sutton attended Archbishop Hoban High .	0
Joanne Mock was the producer / director .	0
as a children 's music standard .	0
Egg is then poured into the well and a fork is used to mix the egg and flour .	3
They were relegated again in 1955-56 , just 3 points behind Notts County .	2
Pius called Ribbentrop on 11 March , repeatedly protesting against the treatment of Jews .	2
" Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History	0
1978 To Kill a Cop ( TV Movie ) ... Agnes Cusack	1
Rutherford was re-elected in 1930 and 1935 .	0
Na příkopě is the most expensive street among the all states of the V4 .	2
Pacelli took the same papal name as his predecessor , a title used exclusively by .	2
However , after several incidents of confusion with the nearby Exhall Grange School , Ash Green School reverted to its former name .	4
However , the dough is prepared differently : it is made of flour and ricotta cheese instead .	3
At the same time he started sending cartoon ideas to " Playboy " .	2
Caesar thought this looked like a chance to fight on more advantageous ground , and he prepared for battle .	3
By 1917 the tide turned .	0
Biodiesel-powered diesel engines offer substantially improved emission reductions compared to petrodiesel or gasoline-powered engines , while retaining most of the fuel economy advantages over conventional gasoline-powered automobiles .	5
Domitius was subsequently defeated at the battle of Utica and died when Pompey attacked his camp .	3
Today the village has several streets named after him , including Popes Road , Adrian Road and Breakspeare Road .	3
Later John Paul II and Christodoulos met on a spot where Saint Paul had once preached to Athenian Christians .	3
Notable people from Crete include :	0
George Forbes is today considered to be the first describing Planet Nine .	2
The principal award programs are :	0
Python can also be implemented in APIs of online brokerages that run on other languages by using wrappers .	3
Today , Financo has become the largest independent retail and consumer advisory firm serving in both the US market and internationally .	4
Butterfly species include the swallowtail butterfly .	0
Furthermore , on March 9 , 2002 , President Bush signed the Job Creation and Worker Assistance Act of 2002 .	4
The second conclave of 1978 started on 14 October , ten days after the funeral .	2
Around 1000 BC a wave of immigrants settled in the upper Tiber valley as far as the Adriatic Sea , and also in the neighborhood of Assisi .	5
Agapetus was noted for his caution and for the sanctity with which he led his life .	3
The former left to forage and moved towards Candavia , thus exposing himself to an attack by Pompey .	3
He was active in Norges Forsvarsforening .	0
The 192nd used the RB-57s primarily to carry out photographic surveys of areas hit by natural disasters such as hurricanes or tornadoes .	4
Invasion by introduced weeds also poses a threat .	1
Originally the temple had two chambers , a small chamber in the front , and the large main chamber in the center .	4
The theater façade would feature a Kia showroom as part of the agreement .	2
As pope , he officially made public apologies for over 100 wrongdoings , including :	2
The numerous works of Allix were in French , Latin , and English .	2
Omiodes anastrepta is a moth of the family Crambidae .	1
Model ayami returned for this season as a Racing queen and was joined by fellow models Saki Tachibana and Shihomi Kogoshi .	4
In Nola , the entire week around his feast day is celebrated as the Festival of the Lilies .	3
His career seems to have been driven by desire for military glory and disregard for traditional political constraints .	3
Galgani was a woman in her twenties whose virtue became model by her canonization .	2
including King Alexander I of Serbia ( 1891 ) , King George I of Greece ( 1892 ) Leopold II of Belgium ( 1895 ) .	5
It was made the military operational area for the 78-74 BC campaign of Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus .	3
Osnabrück was a bidenominational Lutheran and Catholic city , with two Lutheran churches and two Catholic churches .	3
The pieces did not sell well at the exposition .	1
The completion ceremony was held in February 2003 , and JR Tower opened to the public on March 6 , 2003 .	4
Members worked 2.5 hours every four weeks .	0
As he was healed of a poisonous snake bite by Ra he became a symbol of hope in the gods looking after suffering humanity .	5
With nucleophiles , pyridine reacts at positions 2 and 4 and thus behaves similar to imines and carbonyls .	3
The Air Guard now manned alert hangars 24 hours a day , a mission which had previously belonged to the active Air Force .	4
Damasus faced accusations of murder and adultery with a married woman in his early years as Pope .	3
PostgreSQL can link to other systems to retrieve data via foreign data wrappers ( FDWs ) .	3
John W. Campbell , another key editor of the era , and periodic short story writer , published several alien invasion stories in the 1930s .	5
Cardinal Dziwisz had previously given the vial to the church in recognition of its connections to the Pontiff .	3
PostgreSQL server is process-based ( not threaded ) , and uses one operating system process per database session .	3
In the US , regulations for commercial pasta products occur both at the federal and state levels .	3
According to Sister Pascalina Lehnert , the Nuncio was repeatedly threatened by emissaries of the Bavarian Soviet Republic .	3
His father was Luca Savelli , who died as Senator of Rome in 1266 .	2
The people of modern-day Nola and the surrounding regions remain devoted to St. Paulinus .	2
Adrian V was the third pope in " The Year of Four Popes " of 1276 .	3
Comfort holds a master 's degree in Linguistics from the University of Ghana .	2
For a few years , the castes of Pao are highly successful in their respective endeavors and the planet experiences a short golden age .	5
During the medieval period , Anastasius II was often considered a traitor to the Catholic Church and an apostate .	3
1982 Cagney & Lacey ( TV Series ) ... Theresa	1
He played on the 1927 Giant team ( 11-1-1 ) with Jim Thorpe that won the world ’ s championship .	4
Though not a commercial success ,	0
It was part of the long-running Old Mother Riley series .	1
- " FMTV " program - with Ahmed Al-Assaily - Mazzika Channel	1
The lawyers filed a related suit against Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .	1
" Brumas " may refer to one of the following :	1
Gary Potts was the former chief of the Temagami First Nation and the Teme-Augama Anishnabai in Temagami , Ontario , Canada .	4
Historically , pyridine was extracted from coal tar or obtained as a byproduct of coal gasification .	3
But Jerez turned his career around after moving from outfield to pitcher in 2014 .	2
Born in Brawley , California , Rumsey first began playing the piano , followed by the drums and finally the bass .	4
Pedicels and tepals are densely and shortly hairy .	1
Eurytion ( Ancient Greek : Εὐρυτίων , " widely honoured " ) or Eurythion ( Εὐρυθίων ) was a name attributed to several individuals in Greek mythology :	5
Alvarez del Vayo in turn made Sánchez Arcas head of the Propaganda " Subsecretería " .	2
In the encyclical Ad caeli reginam he promulgated the Queenship of Mary feast .	2
Snakes can be found hiding under rocks .	0
Augustus II virtually bought the election .	0
Infection risks were initially thought to be less in jugular lines , but the decreased rate of infection is only seen in obese people .	5
His first clerical position came in 1243 , when he was created a papal chaplain .	2
He instructed priests to stand and bow their head as they read from the gospels .	2
Also handling the plant may cause a skin irritation or an allergic reaction .	2
St. Peter 's Hospital campus the only significant break .	1
It was called the best series by audiences .	1
He bought a nearby qanat to water his garden .	1
As a boy , Wojtyła was athletic , often playing football as goalkeeper .	2
Note carefully where everything lives .	0
When Pompey was joined by more Roman forces Mithridates fled to the ' Armenia of Tigranes . '	3
The Lakers were coached by Michael Sisti .	0
She also enlisted California as the first state to join the Clinton Team Nutrition effort for improved nutrition in schools .	4
Henry 's action was approved by Pope Alexander III and the Synod of Cashel met in 1172 .	3
GNU Debugger uses Python as a pretty printer to show complex structures such as C + + containers .	3
Subsequently , a number of other editions have come out , the 1968 text and translation by S.D .	3
Updated after Marples ( 1962 ) , Acosta Hospitaleche ( 2004 ) , and Ksepka " et al . "	3
The officer sees Marion at the car dealership and eyes her suspiciously as she abruptly drives away .	3
It was classified by Aleksander Bruckner as one of the Old Polish dialects .	2
By 100 BC , the Seleucid Empire was reduced to a few cities in western Syria .	3
In Athens , the pope met with Archbishop Christodoulos , the head of the Church of Greece .	3
Stephen Lynch fitz James , Mayor of Galway , fl .	1
The simulation technique may vary in complexity .	0
Some of these examples are the SF Vierzon from France , the Landini tractor from Italy , and the HSCS from Hungary .	4
Prague is the capital of the Czech Republic and as such is the regular seat of its central authorities .	3
She and her twin sister co-founded luxury fashion brands The Row , Elizabeth and James , and more affordable fashion lines Olsenboye and StyleMint .	5
Michael Pustilnik is an American player .	0
Any finite semiorder has order dimension at most three .	1
As with the rest of the U.S. military , the wing 's focus changed abruptly on Sept . 11 , 2001 .	4
Kwan has denied all such claims .	0
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 .	2
However , Cilicia was not actually part of this , and he campaigned in eastern Lycia and Pamphylia .	3
Robespierre and the French Revolution	0
Used by the Cub Scouts of the Scout Association : -	1
Anne Frank may also refer to :	0
In the Life of Pompey Plutarch wrote that the plebeian tribune Lucilius proposed to elect Pompey dictator .	3
Greenland has a population of 57,600 people .	0
The course of membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis in acquired partial lipodystrophy has not been significantly altered by treatment with corticosteroids or cytotoxic medications .	4
He was in the squad of Thailand for 2016 AFC U-23 Championship at Qatar .	2
From then on he was given a monthly full-colour page for the next 30 years .	2
A number of Linux-based OS projects are dedicated to tablet PCs .	1
He played on four professional championship teams .	0
Something like it – a to line – had figured in Bradfield 's 1920 plan .	2
In the third quarter , Matt Forte sustained an ankle injury ( originally reported as a high ankle sprain ) , and was lost for the game .	5
During the fifth week and onward toward week sixteen , the myelination decelerated and the remaining unmyelinated axons were ensheathed in myelin .	4
I decided to go for it .	0
They were formed in 2005 and have released three albums .	1
" The Iron Stair ( 1920 film )	0
There was further violence when he returned , which continued after Ursinus was exiled again .	2
In this system of solvent extraction , the hydrocarbons of the diesel act as the diluent while the dialkyl sulfides act as the extractant .	5
In 2005 , D 'Arcy conceived Small Sins ( formerly known as The Ladies and Gentlemen ) as a self-contained solo unit .	4
It is disputed whether Slovincian may be regarded as a dialect of Kashubian or a separate language .	3
As a side effect , Doll notes , the metamorphosis also alters the idea of incest into something natural for the imagination to think about .	5
The new pope casually remarked : " Madame , the holy conclave isn 't exactly a beauty contest ! "	3
These books were authored by Graham McNeill .	0
The matter was brought before the Senate , and laid before the Arian Ostrogothic Court at Ravenna .	3
He served as the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Idaho .	1
In 139 BC , they defeated the Seleucid king Demetrius II , and took Babylon from the Seleucids .	3
and further developed by Haskell Curry .	0
Starch gelatinization and protein coagulation are the major changes that take place when pasta is cooked in boiling water .	3
She responded , " No , I never fell in love with the cardinal .	2
The lei-like Comfey fits appropriately in the Hawaii-inspired Alola region of " Sun " and " Moon " .	3
The game also started the forward pass .	0
His strategic position was hence much better than that of Caesar and could have starved his army to death .	3
Pyjs and IronPython can be used to develop the client-side of Ajax-based applications .	2
Many other countries also play .	0
The Weisscam Company develops digital high-speed cameras .	0
Finally Hector managed to send Dolon , a good runner , after making a false oath ( promising him Achilles ' horses after the victory ) .	5
They now needed a winning team .	0
At the latest by 1400 lord Algot became owner of Revsnes ( Räfsnäs ) in Sudermannia , where he then mainly lived .	4
The draft encyclical contained an open and clear condemnation of colonialism , racial persecution and antisemitism .	3
The Discovery Center is a partnership established by the Sonoma County Regional Parks Foundation with Regional Parks and the Sonoma County Water Agency .	4
" Simon Moore ( Royal Navy officer )	0
It was introduced in 1996 .	0
Ovid opens the myth with a warning to the audience that this is a myth of great horror , especially to fathers and daughters :	5
On 23 February 2012 the Royal Mail released a stamp featuring Newcomen 's atmospheric steam engine as part its " Britons of Distinction " series .	5
The two companies were merged with the creation of the State Railways Administration ( AFE ) on 19 September 1952 .	4
The club confirmed their withdrawal from the Football Combination on 27 June , alongside 18 other Football League clubs .	3
Curio , who was also opposed to Caesar , became one of the new plebeian tribunes .	3
The magazine is a 32-page full-color issue printed on the first Friday of the month for the duration of the academic year supplemented with daily online content .	5
Some were originally built for private purposes .	0
In addition to numerous hotels and saloons , Craigville also had a station of the former Minneapolis and Rainy River Railway .	4
He had five children with her .	0
Aristobulus went to see him , promised to give him money and received him into Jerusalem .	3
The date of the canonisation was on 27 April 2014 , Divine Mercy Sunday .	2
However , upon viewing the dailies of the shots , Hitchcock was forced to scrap them .	3
Lisa Brown may refer to :	0
With most of the war chiefs dead , and the noncombatants cold and starving , Joseph declared that he would " fight no more forever " .	5
Other small towns located within the municipality include Tecorípa , Cobachi , Estación Torres , and San José de Pimas .	4
Such an incident doesn ’ t happen even in the other Homeric epic , " The Odyssey " , where Athena always appears to Odysseus in disguise .	5
She and Sparrow return together .	0
He plays as a goalkeeper .	0
As the tide reaches its peak , the lagoon water has a much smaller amount of barrier to permeate through so the lagoon level rises .	5
Although originally , this was simply a recoloring of the normal Hatsune Miku , unique designs have occurred every year since 2011 .	4
After his election was indeed confirmed , he chose the name Pius XII in honour of his immediate predecessor .	3
Meanwhile , Hem , Maerad 's 13-year-old brother is traveling with his caretaker , Saliman of Turbansk and Soron of Til Amon .	4
This was when two of Caesar 's lieutenants were defeated in Gaul by Ambiorix in 54 BC .	3
He retired from the Navy in 1920 .	0
It was started in 1910 and dedicated in May 1912 .	1
On 6 April 1971 , the Secretary of the Air Force announced the redesignation of the unit to the 157th Tactical Airlift Group .	4
The club 's chairman Lee Power revealed that he rejected several bids for Vigouroux .	2
He pushed north again , but turned back south because he encountered a great number of snakes .	3
The bridge was raised one full deck higher than on previous classes in order to see over the new gun mount .	4
In October 2006 , the wing received a rating of " Excellent " after serving as the lead wing during an AMC ORI .	4
Construction of the modern Oval Office was completed in 1934 .	1
It is obtained by adding pyridine to a solution of chromic acid and concentrated hydrochloric acid :	3
They were the only glassworks capable of fulfilling such a large order and had to bring in labour from France to meet it in time .	5
" New Providence Presbyterian Church , Academy , and Cemetery	1
Shadow Force is a 1992 American film .	0
The most widely important event of this period was the siege and capture of Avignon .	2
On 25 October , 2017 , an upcoming movie named " Spring " was announced to be produced by Blender Institute directed and written by Andy Goralczyk .	5
This was the first time the unit lost an aircraft or lives since beginning the aerial refueling mission in 1976 .	4
Achillas claimed that the sea 's sandy bottom and shallows had not allowed him to approach with a ship .	3
Procedural languages can also be invoked without defining a function , using the DO command at SQL level .	3
Drop zone may also refer to :	0
PostgreSQL evolved from the Ingres project at the University of California , Berkeley .	2
In the former USSR , this degree is considered a sufficient credential for tenured full professorship at any institution of higher education .	4
And is unique for the franchise . "	0
By November 1956 she had joined his touring performance troupe , the Reg Lindsay Show , and stayed for 18 months .	4
He was a 2009 East-West Shrine Invite .	0
If it were Jesus himself knocking at the door , what would we tell him ?	2
If activated to federal service in the United States Air Force , the 164th is gained by Air Mobility Command .	4
Then in 949 , Agapetus held a synod in Rome , which confirmed the rulings of the two councils .	3
Barrie ; and the founder of the Scout Association , Lord Baden-Powell .	2
This may be a wired connection , or wireless .	1
The company relocated to Detroit in 1903 .	0
Prague 's low cost of living makes it a popular destination for expats relocating to Europe .	3
But breeder experience had shown that some solid Appaloosas could throw a spotted foal in a subsequent generation , at least when bred to a spotted Appaloosa .	5
She notifies the President is held captive and storms into her cell .	2
At the 1999 ARIA Awards , " Puberty Song " earned Kalju Tonuma a nomination for Engineer of the Year .	4
He found hundreds of variable stars and asteroids , as well as two comets , but no further planets .	3
He was canonised alongside Pope John Paul II on 27 April 2014 .	2
Observations also revealed that Pluto 's orbit was very elliptical , far more than that of any other planet .	3
It took only two years for the active component to complete departure activities , including transferring personnel and assets to other military installations .	4
Thereafter Myrrha walked in exile for nine months , past the palms of Arabia and the fields of Panchaea , until she reached Sabaea .	5
For such indications , a Hickman line , a PICC line , or a Port-a-Cath may be considered because of their smaller infection risk .	5
They began performing together in 2001 .	0
This disrupted trade and some lands remained untilled , leading to food shortages and hunger in Rome .	3
She also represented the city on the Solid Waste Management Authority , where she successfully advocated for a Recycling Subcommittee .	4
2009 : Pain of Salvation - OST - The Second Death of Pain of Salvation ( CD ) < br >	4
Each subdivision is assigned a specialist task .	0
A Gazebo monster card appears in the " Munchkin " card game ; Aronson told Steve Jackson the story in the mid 1990s .	4
Ursinus was among the Arian party in Milan , according to Ambrose .	2
The album 's overall average tempo is 182 bpm .	1
The name " kissar " ( cithara ) given by the ancient Greeks to Egyptian box instruments reveals the apparent similarities recognized by Greeks themselves .	5
In July 1991 , 100 Russian children from the nuclear-contaminated Chernobyl area flew into Pease AGB to begin attending summer camps .	4
While in the Michigan Senate , Green helped revised the Michigan state statures .	2
" St. Paul African Methodist Episcopal Church ( Fayetteville , Tennessee )	1
Since 2006 , the song has returned .	0
Stuart encouraged Eichholtz to continue painting .	0
However , according to the " Homeric Hymn to Apollo " ( 6th century BC ) , Typhon was the child of Hera alone .	5
Odysseus , some say , went by night to Troy , and leaving Diomedes waiting , disguised himself and entered the city as a beggar .	5
He was inaugurated on May 16 , 2011 .	1
From 1882 to 1994 , Vanderburgh served on the Minnesota Supreme Court .	2
Unlike Firefox on Android , Firefox for iOS does not support browser add-ons .	2
Sparks died on March 15 , 2011 , at age 64 , at his home in Mount Vernon , New York .	4
The château de Rambouillet continues to be used as a venue for bilateral summits and , in February 1999 , was host to the negotiations on Kosovo .	5
The Wing was recently selected as an Active Associate Wing , which will bring approximately 150 active duty members to its base .	4
The President wakes up with a concussion inside the US Military Hospital in Germany .	2
Since 1982 , he became a member of The Union of Cinematographers of Armenia .	2
after the Democrats failed to field a candidate .	1
With the eventual breakup of this edition , the chairs were filled by various other notable musicians throughout the following years .	4
Between 250,000 and 300,000 watched the event from within the Vatican 's walls .	2
Hacked computers may be configured with SOCKS proxy software to optimise acceptance from payment processors .	2
For this assertion no documentation is possible , but it is a conclusion difficult to avoid " .	3
The similarities between mines and the many large , rust-colored jellyfish which floated just below the surface of the water taxed her lookouts .	4
Despite the early collapse of peace hopes , the Taylor mission continued at the Vatican .	2
The snakes ’ breath had so poisoned the area that the inhabitants of the town were effectively trapped in the town .	4
Byrne said in an interview on BBC Four " Sessions " coverage of his Union Chapel performance that " Lazy " was number-one in Syria .	5
Displeased with his predecessors ' SROP , Wran had it amended in 1980 .	2
Roberge attended the Collège de Levis .	0
In most cases , a wine lot will be divided among several commissioners , with one of them as lead buyer .	4
There are “ two stages of OL markers , differentiation of OPCs to OLs , and ensheathment of axons … ” .	4
Clayton was the name of a town in section 4 of Seely Township , Faribault County , Minnesota , United States .	4
A feature of the Blender Cloud is Blender Sync , which provides synchronization between Blender clients for file changes , user preferences and other features .	5
Fast asleep five minutes in .	0
" For details on former players who have a Wikipedia article , see : . "	2
It was released in 2009 .	0
The squadron 's Block 30 aircraft , manufactured between 1987 and 1989 are currently reaching the end of their service life .	4
The first link in this network would be a $ 12 billion North West Metro .	2
Roaming flares of " M. xanthus " can detect clumps of prey bacteria at a distance , making turns towards the clumps and moving directly towards them .	5
The b scholia to " Iliad " 2.783 , preserving a possibly Orphic tradition , has Typhon born in Cilicia , as the offspring of Cronus .	5
Fluorapophyllite is also found in New Jersey of the United States .	1
There are 26 levels of varying difficulty .	0
The lamina or leaf blade is elliptic-lanceolate to obovate in shape .	1
1983 Sparkling Cyanide ( TV Movie ) ... Rosemary Barton	1
" All for You ( 1943 song )	0
The film has been generally well received with praise for its frankness and cinematic telling of very serious true stories .	4
He developed the first commercial blocks in downtown Santa Cruz with his early blacksmith foundry located at the corner of Pacific Street and Mission Street .	5
John Paul II was interred in the grottoes under the basilica , the Tomb of the Popes .	3
The Pomeranian language also influenced the Low German dialects , which were used in Pomerania .	2
Some recent sources apply the phylogenetic taxon Spheniscidae to what here is referred to as Spheniscinae .	3
Cape Town has many local community newspapers .	0
from 0 to with being the number of elements in the set .	2
Prostitution in Tanzania is illegal but widespread .	0
She died February 17 , 1965 , in Greenwich , Connecticut .	1
The single comes from her 2007 Christmas EP , " Christmas Joy " , and was released on November 6 , 2007 .	4
Schudrich praised John Paul II for condemning anti-Semitism as a sin , which no previous pope had done .	3
His sister was Beulah L. Pallette ( 1880 – 1968 ) .	1
In addition , climate influences food preservation .	0
He later moved to Venezuela , where he ran into drug problems , causing him trouble with the law and spending some months in jail .	5
The Henry Moore Foundation lists several other indoor Chicago works at locations such as the Art Institute of Chicago and The Smart Museum .	4
In contrast to the education provided at the Protestant schools , the Revolutionary schools taught their students with an atheistic ideology .	4
The foot is adducted and plantar-flexed at the subtalar joint , and the goal is to abduct the foot and dorsiflex it .	4
In medieval contexts , it refers to the dialects spoken by the Slavic Pomeranians .	2
In 1996 he won the World Amateur Bodybuilding Championships ( formerly IFBB Mr. Universe ) .	2
Men and women formerly sat separately during services .	1
The first church buildings were log structures in Carter 's Valley .	1
Lt. Bush remained in the Texas ANG as a certified F-102 pilot who participated in frequent drills and alerts through April 1972 .	4
When they get faulty and hesitant imitation responses from the learners , back-chaining ( backward build up ) should be used .	4
Which was once known as ' Kemaon ' or ' Kamaon ' on various maps .	2
He set out in mid-winter with five bishops and a large retinue .	2
Prague has a humid continental climate ( Köppen climate classification " Dfb " ) .	2
After brief stops at Midway and Saipan , the ship reached San Pedro Bay , Leyte , on 2 January 1946 .	4
He was created cardinal-priest of S. Pudenziana by Pope Paschal II no later than in 1114 .	3
The script appears to have been lost .	0
Vaculík called on the people to take the initiative in implementing the reform programme .	2
He was appointed abbot of the abbey of Le Thoronet , in the south of France , by Pope Martin V in 1430 .	4
Under the FSIA , a foreign government is presumptively immune from suit in federal court unless a specific exception applies .	4
Without it , the metropolitan rail system will face strangulation and progressive operational collapse .	2
She was tired and the clergyman let her sleep there for a night .	2
Using tomato sauce to give pasta its flavour was revolutionary since it was originally eaten plain .	3
Coins can be found lying around .	0
A single location shot was included in the final print , in which Dennis sees Martin off on the fatal mission .	4
" S. chuhsienensis " is the type for this genus .	1
He made 26 league appearances that season .	0
D 'Arcy created the track ' You Lovely You ' for a 6-month long advertising campaign for Telus in September 2012 .	4
Apollo called the King an ass , and to prove his point he touched him on the head and gave Midas the ears of a donkey .	5
Austin died in the 1976 at the age of 89 .	1
The village is mainly made up of white British people living in a mix of social and private housing .	3
The current building was dedicated June 29 , 1890 .	1
At this time Tan was not a prominent figure on the British MMA scene as he was only fighting in local shows .	4
Thus , a suit to declare the validity of a tax lien inquestionably places " rights in immovable property " in issue .	4
In a non-Homeric version of the story , Achilles ' mother Thetis foretold many years before Achilles ' birth that there would be a great war .	5
In 2007 the ApHC implemented new drug rules allowing Appaloosas to show with the drugs furosemide , known by the trade name of Lasix , and acetazolamide .	5
Colored cements serve decorative purposes .	0
Offenbach reunited in 1996 , with Martin Deschamps on vocals .	1
The city has several notable cultural attractions .	0
He was also the star in the Christmas show " A Wish for Wings That Work " .	3
Hildebert also complained to Honorius about the constant appeals to Rome whenever he made a ruling .	3
During a September 2002 deployment to Oman , wing aircraft flew combat supply missions into Afghanistan for Operation Enduring Freedom .	4
Dr. Antonio Schlesinger Piedrahita , a renowned neurologist in Colombia , has certified Fidel 's healing .	3
Bohlen joined the United States Department of State in 1955 .	1
This is the main reason it contains the largest number of bodies .	2
The next day , several countries suggested a resolution condemning the intervention and calling for immediate withdrawal .	3
The Victoria Golf Club , was founded in 1893 .	1
As a result of numerous studies and conferences , elected representatives voted for the creation of a tram at the municipal Council of 15 November 2012 .	5
Some of the early seed money came from Peter Thiel .	1
John Paul II asked the Guatemalan president , Alfonso Portillo , for a moratorium on executions .	3
On the other hand , solipsism posits the non-existence of the external void right at the beginning , and says that no further inquiry is possible .	5
It is best planted between September and October , to get flowers the next year .	2
He keeps to himself on his farm , overcome with grief over Odysseus ' absence and alone after his wife , Anticleia , died from grief herself .	5
It is more soup-like than Indian curry .	0
By late medieval times the population of Worcester had grown to around 10,000 as the manufacture of cloth started to become a large local industry .	5
RIT Public Safety is the primary agency responsible for protection of students , staff and property as well as enforcement of both college policies and state laws .	5
If I make a mistake , please " ' corrict ' " me ...	2
Located in Moscow , Idaho , the ApHC is the principal body for the promotion and preservation of the Appaloosa breed and is an international organization .	5
Cooked pasta is stored in the refrigerator for a maximum of five days in an airtight container .	3
The Championships were hosted by the Austrian city of Salzburg , and it featured 39.54 kilometres of racing against the clock .	4
Vemurafenib later received Health Canada approval on February 15 , 2012 .	1
Dewey 's Library Bureau company is also said to have introduced hanging vertical files , first seen at the Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago .	5
The duo is now defunct .	0
Rasmussen , basically in agreement with Langfur and Rainey , suggests that the " Via Maris " was the road that connected Tyre with Damascus .	5
By 580 AD , Christianity had become the official religion of the northern Sudan , centered around the Faras cathedral .	4
Caesar informed Gnaeus Domitius about his plans and left garrisons at Apollonia , Lissus and Oricum .	3
Beyer then was an assistant coach at Siena College from 1989 to 1993 and the University of Wisconsin from 1993 to 1994 .	4
1986-1987 Outlaws ( TV Series ) ... Maggie Randall	1
It started as a pizzeria ; however , later its owners decided to finally go into the fried chicken market .	4
He was until July 2009 , the head of Wetherby 's Community Radio station Tempo FM , which began broadcasting in September 2006 .	4
Talking to the Moon may also refer to :	1
In the final week of the season , the Bears played their second game against the Lions with a spot in the playoffs on the line .	5
Her story first appeared in chronicles in the 13th century and subsequently spread throughout Europe .	2
Roncalli was summoned to the final ballot of the conclave at 4 : 00 pm .	2
Throughout this period Farkash continued drawing caricatures in his private diary .	1
In 1849 , Anderson examined the contents of the oil obtained through high-temperature heating of animal bones .	3
According to Dolon , Hector and the other councilors were holding conference by the monument of great Ilus , away from the general tumult .	5
He died in November 2004 in Oslo .	0
It is the terminus for the reopened Yaapeet railway line .	1
During his pontificate he largely continued to pursue the pro-French political policy of his predecessor , Pope Martin IV .	3
The 157th also provided support to the Clean Hunter 2000 NATO exercise , with a deployment to Karup Air Base , Denmark .	4
Because of all this , Tigranes did not want to fight any more when Pompey got near Artaxata .	3
It is the picture which represents the Last Supper of Jesus Christ with His disciples in the house of Simon . < br >	4
No senator voted for Pompey to give up his arms because his troops were in the suburbs .	3
The F.170 could carry up to 8 passengers and was an ungainly sesquiplane with a rectangular upper wing of constant profile .	4
His cult was confirmed in 1891 , and his feast day is 8 July .	2
The screenplay is relatively faithful to the novel , with a few notable adaptations by Hitchcock and Stefano .	3
Of the three major subgroups of the myxobacteria , Myxococcus , Nannocystis , and Chrondromyces , " Stigmatella " is most closely aligned with Myxococcus .	5
The Colts attempted to score , but Luck 's pass would be intercepted by Jennings with less than two minutes left in the game .	5
When the moon rose it was behind the Romans and this created shadows , causing confusion for the enemy .	3
Miku later returned to Animelo Summer Live 2012 : Infinity to perform " World is Mine " and " Tell Your World " .	4
All catheters can introduce bacteria into the bloodstream , but CVCs are known for occasionally causing " Staphylococcus aureus " and " Staphylococcus epidermidis " sepsis .	5
Other types of constraints ( unique , primary key , and foreign key constraints ) are not inherited .	3
For example , a differentiable manifold is a manifold where the change of coordinates from one coordinate map to another is always a differentiable function .	5
The series was notable for its dark visual tone and for its no-holds-barred attitude to violence and language .	3
Lord Clarke may refer to :	0
The colony was abandoned shortly afterwards .	0
Ramakrishna Mission Sevashrama Sargachi is located in Murshidabad district of West Bengal .	2
" turuq " ) is the basis for the formation of particular orders , each of which is also called a tariqa .	4
“ They did not previously inquire about the " sanad " .	1
There were also signs that he had been assaulted with a blunt instrument .	2
The women 's team national championship was won by Oregon , their second national title .	2
While Verdun would bite deep in the national consciousness of France for generations , the Somme would have the same effect on generations of Britons .	5
" Nepenthes insignis " is a weak climber .	1
" First Amendment of the Constitution of India	0
( 2017 ) used high-precision radial velocity measurements to determine with a high degree of confidence that Proxima and Alpha Centauri are gravitationally bound .	5
Colonels of the regiment were :	0
State Route 240 ( SR 240 ) is a southeast-northwest state highway located in the west-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia .	4
Martin Carney ( ) is a Gaelic games commentator for RTÉ and TV analyst with " The Sunday Game " .	4
She married Anders Östlund and moved to Stockholm in 1896 .	1
" John Creighton ( Nova Scotia politician )	0
It has more than 5,000 institutional clients .	0
The mill burnt down in 1842 .	0
References to the female Pope abound in the later Middle Ages and Renaissance .	2
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the Rural Municipality :	1
Caesar also pursued a policy of conciliating Marcus Licinius Crassus and Pompey , who had been at variance politically .	3
Pompey forgave him and sent Aulus Gabinius with soldiers to receive the money and the city .	3
The school was built about 1920 during a boom period in the region .	2
Appian wrote that Sertorius fell unto ‘ habits of luxury , ’ drinking and consorting with women .	3
An " Irish Independent " article in the 1980s labelled John Paul II the " keep-fit pope " .	3
Though it is often distributed without extensive example scenes found in some other programs , the software contains features that are characteristic of high-end 3D software .	5
Many soldiers from both sides are interred in the church cemetery .	1
From 1995 high-rise buildings began to be built in Prague in large quantities .	2
There is a daytime service linking Princetown to Yelverton and Tavistock , but only three times a day .	3
Although he put them under the protection of the Roman province of Syria , each city-state was autonomous .	3
He encouraged Christian theologians to revisit original versions of the Bible in Greek and Hebrew .	2
On 21 June 1963 the 187th received C-121 Super Constellation aircraft and expanded its military airlift role to worldwide mission capabilities .	4
Dr. Burstone worked with Dr. Ravindra Nanda at University of Connecticut Health Center .	2
Its roof is pierced by two ventilators .	0
Returning to San Francisco by way of Pearl Harbor 29 April , she was back at Pearl on 14 May .	4
See " Free Guard Zone " below .	0
Python uses dynamic typing , and a combination of reference counting and a cycle-detecting garbage collector for memory management .	3
To do our duty to you and enjoy our play	1
Diomedes was worshipped as a hero not only in Greece , but on the coast of the Adriatic , as at Thurii and Metapontum .	5
Critical review centered on the key dramatic elements of the film , especially concerning the human factors involved in making command decisions .	4
By that time , the naval gunfire also died down .	1
" It had an excellent chef .	0
Green , working with storyboard artist Saul Bass ' drawings only while Hitchcock was incapacitated with the common cold .	3
The Onondaga limestone was quarried locally .	0
It has a chromosome count : 2n = 22 , or 2n = 24 .	2
It was the test event for the 1988 Winter Olympics .	1
In practice this series is terminated after finitely many terms .	1
The reason for this difference is unknown .	0
Propositon 400 was approved simultaneously with Mayor Walkup 's election .	1
It underwent major renovations in the 1980s and 1990s .	1
" The Mind of Gil Scott-Heron	0
The 2006 season was one of numerous milestones for Jones .	1
Pompey has appeared as a character in several modern novels , plays , motion pictures , and other media .	3
After gaining control of the Lateran basilica Damasus was then ordained as bishop in the cathedral of Rome .	3
Leaves are simple , with pointed lobes near the base of the blade .	2
Emma keeps the brazier between them .	0
He died in Paris on 3 February 1826 .	1
After an unpromising 13 – 18 record as a starter , the Miami Dolphins decided not to renew the contract of quarterback Chad Henne .	5
Cracker Trail runs along the east shore of the lake .	1
The club returned to the 3rd tier after finishing second in 2016-17 .	2
In 2017 , a new Los Angeles Fire Department fire station is under construction on the northwestern corner of Oxnard St and Vesper Ave .	5
The losers play in a third-place playoff .	0
A second signal in the range of 60 to 500 days was also detected , but its nature is still unclear due to stellar activity .	5
Although it was stipulated that reform must proceed under KSČ direction , popular pressure mounted to implement reforms immediately .	3
In 2000 , he finished second to Aleksandar Wohl in the Oceania Zonal and in 2001 won the Australian Junior Championship .	4
In Spain , Honorius was deeply suspicious of the ambitions of Diego Gelmírez , the Archbishop of Compostela .	3
The two unscrupulous friends carried out this order of Agamemnon by luring Iphigenia from Mycenae to Aulis , where murder , disguised as wedding , awaited her .	5
Italic people believed Picus was the son of the god of war Mars and attributed his avine transformation to his skills at interpreting bird omens .	5
He plays as a goalkeeper .	0
He served as the third Lieutenant Governor of Idaho .	1
Ballinagree ( sometimes Ballynagree , ) is a small village situated at the foot of the Boggeragh Mountains in County Cork , Ireland .	4
" MTV Hits ( Italian TV channel )	0
There they fought a pitched battle .	0
The supporters of Caesar were unhappy and therefore Crassus and Pompey extended Caesar 's command in Gaul .	3
He made his football league debut on 8 August 2015 for Newport against Cambridge United .	2
The sanctuary is open to the public and encourages visitors .	1
Upton Towans , near St. Ives	0
A 1997 study determined that 3 % of the pope 's statements were about the issue of sexual morality .	3
The general restoration of the Chateau took place between 1964 and 1968 under President Charles DeGaulle and his Minister of Culture , Andre Malraux .	5
Andromache is the subject of a 1932 opera by German composer Herbert Windt and also a lyric scena for soprano and orchestra by Samuel Barber .	5
A TV Debate was also hosted by ABS-CBN last May 2011 .	1
Awarua Point is within the boundary of the West Coast region .	1
2007 Ruffian ( TV Movie ) ... Barbara Janney	1
1993 Step by Step ( TV Series ) ... Eileen Donovan	1
It was while he was encamped near Petra that he was told that Mithridates was dead .	3
The committee quickly passed the bill in just one session .	1
By 26 August a new Czechoslovak representative requested the whole issue be removed from the Security Council 's agenda .	3
Kamikaze attacks posed a serious threat to the " fleet that came to stay " as it supported the conquest of Okinawa .	4
These windows measure 12.5 metres in height and about 2 metres wide ; the glass is solid coloured , not stained , glass .	4
All songs written by Gil Scott-Heron	0
There are 4 main entrances :	0
[ Roma ] had passed a trying day .	1
He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1964 Summer Olympics .	2
Arsenal TV has been continued in the way of its successors being Arsenal 's Web Player and Arsenal on YouTube .	4
Sugimori and Hironobu Yoshida lead the team and determine the final designs .	2
Gremi ( ) is a 16th-century architectural monument – the royal citadel and the Church of the Archangels – in Kakheti , Georgia .	4
The main components of a cnidocyte are :	0
The non-stop mixing was done by the team KCP .	1
It has a population of 14,400 ( 2010 estimate ) .	1
A fourth addition was added November 2016 .	0
Goodkind subsequently apologized , but later characterized the work as " hackneyed " , stating that the character 's boots were " sexist " .	5
It closed in November 2011 .	0
An effective administrator of the papal territories , Leo contributed to the beautification of Rome .	2
Dale is a ghost town in section 34 of Highland Grove Township in Clay County , Minnesota , United States .	4
The parallel runways are apart .	0
The album " Let Us Play ! "	0
It was consecrated by Bishop Otey on May 14 , 1853 .	1
Catholics everywhere were called upon to offer " compassion and help " to the victims of the war .	3
He joined on a two-year academy scholarship .	0
The " Clear Springs " name was adopted in the 1850s .	1
When Achilles stripped Penthesileia of her armour , he saw that the woman was young and very beautiful , and seemingly falls madly in love with her .	5
It is a one-story brick building on a brick foundation .	1
In 1673 , while working with Christiaan Huygens and Gottfried Leibniz in Paris , he became interested in using a vacuum to generate motive power .	5
A small tasting portion of each wine is served to all participants during the auction itself , just before the wine is auctioned .	4
Work began in December 2003 .	0
" Japanese Red Cross College of Nursing	0
Each composer 's three- to seven-day residency includes lectures , performances of the composer 's works , and opportunities for interaction with students .	4
He played the first 17 matches of the season before " suffering a crisis of confidence " leading to the recall of Turner in November 1975 .	5
The language spoken by most of them is based on the Galician dialect of Ukrainian from the first half of the twentieth century .	4
Mary-Kate Olsen ( born June 13 , 1986 ) is an American fashion designer , businesswoman , author , and former actress and producer .	5
He admired Pompey 's qualities and thought that he was useful for the administration of his affairs .	3
This new phase of building was completed in 1987 , also by the architects Suomalainen .	2
He died in Bangor in 1944 .	0
The bust of Henry IV , attributed to Mathieu Jacquet , is from that period , as are the two figures on either side of the fireplace .	5
This lake is square and has a surface area of .	1
The Lateran treaties with Italy ( 1929 ) were concluded before Pacelli became Secretary of State .	3
What is happening in your countries is a terrible tragedy that must end .	2
In 2015 , Worachit went on a two-week trial with Japan club FC Tokyo .	2
Weekend Radio is a radio variety show hosted by Robert Conrad ; its flagship station is WCLV in Cleveland , Ohio .	4
A team of developers worked on improving Blender for internal use , but it is planned to eventually add those improvements to the official Blender build .	5
Le Gourmet Chef is headquartered in Chillicothe , Ohio .	1
Various other ingredients are then added .	0
In December 2014 , Mozilla announced it was designing a version of Firefox for iOS .	2
The team does not own this facility .	0
Levine engineered the song at Levcon Studios in California .	1
" Helenus , a son of Priam , was king over these Greek cities of Epirus , having succeeded to the throne and bed of Neoptolemus . "	5
" 2002 Iowa State Cyclones football team	0
" First Presbyterian Church ( Sweetwater , Tennessee )	1
RITchie was the selected name entered in 1989 by alumnus Richard P. Mislan during a College Activities Board " Name the RIT Tiger " contest .	5
S. K. Vedarathinam ( தமிழ் : எஸ் .	0
The Farmington church was administratively separated from the others in 2003 .	1
At first , they were limited to daylight operations , flying over Kuwait almost every day in search of Republican Guard units .	4
Omiodes giffardi is a moth of the family Crambidae .	1
Graduate School of Bank Marketing ( Graduated 1973 ) .	1
Christianity reached what is now northern Sudan , then called Nubia , by about the end of the first century after Christ .	4
This eliminates the problem of messages being sent for an action being performed which is then rolled back .	3
Originally the site of a hospital during the 1920s , it was converted to a school some time after the Second World War .	4
Not only does grounding rules in oral proverbs allow for simple transmission and understanding , but it also legitimizes new rulings by allowing extrapolation .	5
Together , the two friends killed several guards and one or more priests of Athena 's temple and stole the Palladium " with their bloodstained hands " .	5
Neither side suffered any casualties .	0
Any subset of ( ) is called a " family of sets " over .	2
The Boy Scouts of America use many Scout Prayers .	1
He was made Hakimin Salla ( leader of prayer ) and was delegated responsibility for catering to the students religious activities .	4
Honorius in the meantime entered into an alliance with the new Prince of Capua , Robert II .	3
Primary among the means is distribution of condoms .	1
He signed on loan for Bristol Rovers in November 2014 for an initial one-month period .	2
Koma has a younger brother and sister .	0
He succeeded Pope Zachary following the death of Pope-elect Stephen ( sometimes called Stephen II ) .	3
Mills was elected in 1895 along with Governor William J. McConnell .	1
He has trained with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt and Pride Veteran Chris Brennan at the original Next Generation Fighting Academy , California .	4
Profiled below are examples of duties performed by ISR interns .	1
14 in C minor , K. 457 , as the model for Beethoven 's " Pathétique " Sonata , Op .	4
With combat operations beginning in January as part of Operation Desert Storm , the 192nd flew combat missions in the RF-4C .	4
On the northwest is city police headquarters .	0
The church building underwent its last major renovation in 1898 .	1
He condemned the writings of the Alexandrian theologian Origen shortly after their translation into Latin .	2
The first acquisition of August was former Bears receiver Rashied Davis after Devin Thomas announced his retirement , and Derek Walker was signed the next day .	5
John XXIII gently helped him before bidding those present a last farewell .	2
Perry was born in Port of Spain , Trinidad , and played on Trinidad 's national soccer team before immigrating to Canada .	4
Although there is no sexual dynamic between Achilles and Patroclus in the Homeric tradition , later Greek authors reinterpreted and expanded upon their relationship .	5
In 2012 , D 'Arcy recorded a cover record of the entire ' Bad Habits ' album by UK band The Monks .	4
One of the staunch patrons of the ashrama was Maharaja Manindra Chandra Nandi of Kashimbazar .	2
Engineered by Kenny MacDonald < br >	0
Arceisiades ( ) was a patronymic from Arcesius , who as well as his son Odysseus are designated by the name of " Arceisiades " .	5
Range types are also compatible with existing operators used to check for overlap , containment , right of etc .	3
Trachyuropodidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata .	1
1975 Kate McShane ( TV Series ) ... Charlotte Randall Chase	1
The popes had sought aid from the Eastern Roman Empire to keep them in check .	2
He married Sharon Logonov in March 2000 in Pierson , Florida .	1
Between 1933 and 1939 , Pacelli issued 55 protests of violations of the " Reichskonkordat " .	3
To alleviate inconsistencies in these naming methods , adjusted definition for condensation and addition polymers have been developed .	3
The Forestry Maxi-single contained dance and industrial remixes of pieces from " The Forest " by Jack Dangers , Rudy Tambala , and Anthony Capel .	5
Rudolf was an art lover too , and Prague became the capital of European culture .	2
Howz is a feature of the Persian gardens .	1
Examples of these include the geographic information system ( GIS ) data types from the PostGIS project for PostgreSQL .	3
This error can be quickly identified by special tubing that can show the pressure of the catheter ( arteries have a higher pressure than veins ) .	5
Around the time of the run 's end , the film had grossed $ 50 million in domestic theaters .	3
Instead , various delegations arrived between 1643 and 1646 and left between 1647 and 1649 .	2
The unit 's 18 officers and 27 enlisted medical personnel would fill vacancies and augment medical services in the 157th TAC Clinic .	4
" Bethesda Presbyterian Church ( Russellville , Tennessee )	1
The architect was Louis-Charles Boileau , who also enlarged the department store .	2
Despite all this , two consuls for the next year ( 53 BC ) were elected as usual .	3
First , a double hydrogenated pyridine is obtained , which is then oxidized to the corresponding pyridine derivative .	3
Hyrcanus claimed that he was the rightful king as the elder brother and that he had been usurped .	3
Her brother François was then 26 and in the Belgian army .	1
He also usually pushes up and find the goals with his great finishing .	2
Princetown is a village in the Dartmoor national park in the English county of Devon .	2
For the 2015 Racing Miku , the design was based on a " Princess Knight " complete with a shield and spear-like umbrella .	4
In PostgreSQL , a schema holds all objects ( with the exception of roles and tablespaces ) .	3
He advised him to escape to Aretas III , the king of the Arabian Nabataean Kingdom .	3
Pindar apparently knew of a tradition which had the gods , in order to escape from Typhon , transform themselves into animals , and flee to Egypt .	5
The EP received positive reviews , including CMJ .	1
In 1965 , the Catholic Herald newspaper quoted Pope John XXIII as saying :	2
Raymonde was a voracious reader and in particular a lover of poetry .	2
The reservoir is part of Melbourne 's water supply system .	1
Frank Wolcott ( 1840 – 1910 ) was an officer in the Union Army , a law man and a rancher .	4
" Iris kemaonensis " was first named by Nathaniel Wallich in 1831 or 1832 .	2
The ApHC 's decision in 1982 to allow solid-colored or " non-characteristic " Appaloosas to be registered resulted in substantial debate within the Appaloosa breeding community .	5
1975 Harry O ( TV Series ) ... Karen Nesbitt	1
Claudius Marcellus put forward the questions of sending a successor to Caesar and disarming Pompey separately .	3
- " Egyptian Authentic " program - Nile Life station	1
It became a favorite residence and hunting lodge of the Kings of France because of the abundant game and many springs in the surrounding forest .	5
" Second Presbyterian Church ( Chattanooga , Tennessee )	1
He became the SAG 's Western regional director in 1966 .	1
His parents say that he would constantly play his phonograph from age three , and he learned how to play the harmonica at age five .	5
, this feature is not fully supported yet in particular , table constraints are not currently inheritable .	3
Before the birth of their most famous offspring , Catherine ( also spelled Katherine ) , Maud gave birth to a son .	4
Rafael Guas Inclán ( 1896 – October 12 , 1975 ) was a Cuban politician and former Vice President of Cuba .	4
He also underwent cellular rejuvenation treatment , whose side-effects caused hallucinations and nightmares .	2
A senator asked Philippus if he " thought it necessary to send Pompey out as proconsul .	3
Oderisio refused to accept the deposition and continued to act as abbot , forcing Honorius to excommunicate him .	3
The ex-priest was treated for mental illness and then expelled from Portugal to become a solicitor in Belgium .	3
Pyridine derivatives , however , are often part of biomolecules such as the eponymous pyridine nucleotides and alkaloids .	3
Because of this , Discordians often invoke Harpocrates as a trickster god or god of humor in addition to his classical attribution of god of silence .	5
It is one of the 29 original National Guard Observation Squadrons of the United States Army National Guard formed before World War II .	4
In 2016 the official population estimate was 1447 , with a further 640 inmates of the prison .	3
He also added a large " Jeu de paume " , or indoor tennis court , the largest such court existing in the world .	5
They flew over Baghdad looking for such targets as rocket fuel plants , chemical weapons plants , and command and communications centers .	4
The buses of the urban transport workers were placed at the strikers disposal ...	2
You have given me the gift of a body ,	1
Cornwall-based company Ginsters then came back for a second spell as main sponsor in the 2016 – 17 season .	3
The dam withholds a capacity reservoir with a surface area of .	1
In addition , Urlacher was named the NFC Defensive Player of the Week while McManis was named the NFC Special Teams Player of the Week .	5
The word " Pokémon " is a romanized contraction of the Japanese brand .	2
With Web Server Gateway Interface , a standard API has evolved to facilitate these applications .	2
Did some person order you to paint Germans , buffoons , and other similar figures in this picture ? < br >	4
Briggs Lake is a lake in Sherburne County , in the U.S. state of Minnesota .	2
It was added to the National Register in 1978 .	1
After World War II Leupold & Stevens began making gun scopes after Marcus Leupold failed to hit a deer with his rifle .	4
Head - Yuri Sidorenko , MD , Professor Phone : 251-88-72	1
Another major component of durum wheat is protein which plays a large role in pasta dough rheology .	3
Multiphoton polymerization using single pulses have also been demonstrated for fabrication of complex structures using a digital micromirror device .	3
A new system of political order arose in central Europe , based upon peaceful coexistence among sovereign states .	3
Although the tale of Adonis has Semitic roots , it is uncertain from where the myth of Myrrha emerged , though it was likely from Cyprus .	5
In his " Fabulae " , written around 1 A.D. Hyginus states that King Cinyras of Assyria had a daughter by his wife , Cenchreis .	5
The building incurred major damage during the 1863 Battle of Chattanooga .	1
Michael Perkins may refer to :	0
He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1964 Summer Olympics .	2
The journey came to an end when they stopped to rest near the Bears Paw Mountains in Montana , from the Canada – US border .	5
1976 The Million Dollar Rip-Off ( TV Movie ) ... Lil	1
The Suzhou Industrial Park Sports Center is a sports venue under-construction in Suzhou , China .	2
number 3 or 4 , or 6 .	0
The larvae feed on " Carex wahuensis " .	1
The first property is more common , the case of having both is relatively rare .	2
A. I painted another in the refectory of San Sebastiano in Venice , another at Padua for the Fathers of the Maddalena .	4
Poet Paul Verlaine was also frightened as a child by the " cardboard monster " during the processions in his hometown .	4
The most expensive old wine was a single bottle of Erbacher Markobrunn Riesling Trockenbeerenauslese Cabinet 1937 sold by Schloss Reinhartshausen at 2650 euro .	4
It was Sandra Dee 's first film .	0
She rated Mars ' performance a B + .	1
The former attack transport remained inactive until sold on 5 September 1974 to Sparreboom Shipbrokers to be broken up for scrap .	4
The community has also written some tools to make managing replication clusters easier , such as repmgr .	3
The Parish of Weltevreden Park is a parish of the Anglican Diocese of Johannesburg , part of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa .	4
When John XXIII 's body was moved in 2001 , it was once again treated to prevent deterioration .	3
It is east of Jinji Lake and is located within the Suzhou Industrial Park .	2
Permission for a new gym had been granted in 1999 , and the school launched a £ 1.5 million appeal to build it .	4
Stretch was killed exactly one year after 2Pac 's 1994 Quad Studio shooting .	2
The KL Bulldog was produced by Kelly & Lewis of Springvale , Victoria , Australia from 1948 to December 1952 .	4
The church 's current brick building replaced that first church .	1
In March 1949 , Wojtyła was transferred to the parish of Saint Florian in Kraków .	2
The music video was directed by Jeth Weinrich .	1
The doors have an arabesque design , and were made for Marie-Antoinette , as were the sculpted panels over the doors , installed in 1787 .	5
During her stay in the Ryūkyūs , " Bowie " witnessed a number of air raids but did not come under attack herself .	4
The online presence at the website PostgreSQL.org began on October 22 , 1996 .	2
" Olib " sank between Pelješac and Hvar .	1
At the time he was destitute ( " I am in a sad case " ) [ Royal Society Archives , 1894 , Vol .	5
The average annual household income is R161,762 .	0
" Something to Remember You By " - Don Lusher , trombone .	2
1971 Vanished ( TV Movie ) ... Gretchen Greer	1
Soon afterwards , a NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory press release described the object as the " tenth planet " .	3
In 83 BC , Sulla returned from that war , landing in Brundisium ( Brindisi ) in southern Italy .	3
In 1901 he entered the Congregation for Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs , a sub-office of the Vatican Secretariat of State .	3
Arthur French fitz Geoffrey , Mayor of Galway , 1539-40 .	1
The main rivers are the Somme and its tributaries ( Avre , Ancre and Noye , the Authie ) as well as the Bresle .	5
There is wide speculation that they were , in reality , KGB agents .	2
The city capitulated on 11 May .	0
Recurrent themes have included dysfunctional takeover and inefficient insolvency .	1
Both buildings were designed by prominent local architect Reuben Harrison Hunt .	1
On 1 January 1966 , the Military Air Transport Service was discontinued , being replaced by Military Airlift Command ( MAC ) .	4
The fixture was officially announced on 29 October .	1
Head - Kogan , Michael I. , MD , PhD	1
Theologically , Pius XII specified the nature of the teaching authority of the Church .	2
Because of recent changes in fuel quality regulations , additional refining is required to remove sulfur , which contributes to a sometimes higher cost .	5
Norman carries his mother from her room and hides her in the fruit cellar against her will .	3
Like the Hôtel de Rambouillet in Paris , the château was owned by Charles d 'Angennes , the marquis de Rambouillet during the reign of Louis XIII .	5
He eliminated the Italian majority in the College of Cardinals in 1946 .	2
He returned to the lineup on July 25 .	1
Hydrozoa have a variety of life cycles .	0
Construction materials were all sourced locally .	0
They finally settled in North London just in time for the Blitz .	2
In 1945 , he assisted George Călinescu in editing " Lumea " magazine .	2
and debuted in the Top 10 on the " Billboard " Top Gospel Albums chart .	2
Stony corals secrete massive calcium carbonate exoskeletons .	0
This is a list of programs which made their premiere on Australian free-to-air television that had previously premiered on Australian subscription television .	4
Haji Mohammad Rasjidi was State Minister at the time that handled Islamic affairs .	2
Using classical names like Myrrha , Juno , and Vesta when naming minor planets was standard custom at the time when Myrrha was discovered .	5
On the night of 13 August 1961 , the East German government erected barbed wire barriers around the periphery of West Berlin .	4
Sister Pasqualina was for forty years his " housekeeper , muse and lifelong companion " .	2
as well as a monumental Renaissance stairway , the " portique de Serlio " , to give access the royal apartments on the north side .	5
The Chicago Bears season was the franchise 's 93rd season in the National Football League , as well as the ninth under head coach Lovie Smith .	5
Following the manipulation and casting phase , the feet are fitted with open-toed straight-laced shoes attached to a Denis Browne bar .	4
Fiber is the least common but it is growing in numbers .	1
Following the restoration of the Monarchy , Kings Louis XVIII and Charles X each stayed at Fontainebleau , but neither made any major changes to the palace .	5
" 2009 1000 km of Nürburgring	0
The original textiles for the church were designed by Oili Mäki in 1980 .	2
Upon bringing in a lamp , and seeing his daughter , the king attempted to kill her on the spot , but Myrrha escaped .	5
In 1898 , H. G. Wells published " The War of the Worlds " , depicting the invasion of Victorian England by Martians equipped with advanced weaponry .	5
In Week 8 , the Bears donned their 1940s throwback uniforms against the Carolina Panthers , who had the worst record in the NFC .	5
Other customers include LinkedIn , Gilt Groupe , and Kabam .	1
The University provided ministers when the regular pastors were absent .	1
Flour is first mounded on a flat surface and then a well in the pile of flour is created .	3
These books were authored by Aaron Rosenberg .	0
Also in 1975 Damiani started his collaboration with Luca Ronconi with " The Birds " by Aristophanes for Vienna 's Burgtheater .	4
One of his hands reached out to the west and the other to the east , and from them projected a hundred dragons ' heads .	5
Sánchez Arcas was among the Spanish delegates to the World Congress of Peace in 1949 .	2
These have white , pink or purple corollas .	1
" Vianna da Motta International Music Competition	0
Persons such as Cesare Baronio and Bellarmine have challenged accusations that Pope Honorius I taught heresy .	3
They told Melampus that the prince had been frightened of the big , bloody knife and the king tossed it aside to calm the child .	5
There were also four referendums .	0
He has a lot of raw talent .	0
From Earth 's vantage point , Proxima is separated from Alpha Centauri by 2.18 degrees , or four times the angular diameter of the full Moon .	5
Another feature of the early programming were Christmas pantomimes , with published librettos , for instance Harry Lemon 's ' Dick Whittington and His Wonderful Cat .	5
Tiwi Designs ’ first exhibition was held in 1971 at the Sebert Gallery in Sydney .	2
In three dimensions , three mutually orthogonal planes are chosen and the three coordinates of a point are the signed distances to each of the planes .	5
Abbot Point is the most northerly deepwater coal port of Australia , situated 25 kilometres north of Bowen , Queensland .	4
Many of these specifically require that the products sold within those states be of the enriched form .	3
The couple had two sons and a daughter .	1
TAC re-designated the 152nd as a Tactical Reconnaissance Group , and equipped the 192d TRS with RB-57B Canberra reconnaissance aircraft .	4
Lot of other peaks are around the main peak .	1
Boiled macaroni is sautéed along with cumin , turmeric , finely chopped green chillies , onions and cabbage .	3
To keep the cub scout promise and to rest	1
The line subsequently grew into the Seddonville Branch and was opened through to the Seddonville terminus on 23 February 1895 .	4
The government , it turns out , is war-torn Liberia .	1
Following the collapse of communism in Poland , attitudes on the status of Kashubian have been gradually changing .	3
It carried a single lane of traffic .	0
It gained prominence again as a comeback classic in the 20th century .	2
They thus use less fuel than rich burn spark ignition engines which use a stoichiometric air-fuel ratio ( just enough air to react with the fuel ) .	5
Budolfi Church ( " Budolfi Kirke " ) is the cathedral church for the Lutheran Diocese of Aalborg in north Jutland , Denmark .	4
In 1799 , he set forth the concept of the modern aeroplane as a fixed-wing flying machine with separate systems for lift , propulsion , and control .	5
It also attracted men from Pamphylia , Pontus , Cyprus , Syria and elsewhere in the east .	3
A notable feature of the interior is its unusual hipped ceiling .	1
He died on Christmas Day , December 25 , 1996 , shortly after finishing a design for a new window .	4
[ ... ] In the cases of both Lot 's daughters and Myrrha , the daughter 's seduction of the father has to be covert .	5
Many consider him to be the first true scientific aerial investigator and the first person to understand the underlying principles and forces of flight .	5
Gustavo and his wife Caridad Socarras gave birth to Prío 's nephew Jesus , who then gave birth to two children , Susana and Fabian Socarras .	5
This would include a residential tall building , a hotel , a restaurant / bar , retail outlets and other residential buildings .	4
Roncalli was initially reluctant about a mission to Bulgaria , but he would soon relent .	2
" The Adventures of Buratino ( 1976 film )	1
In February 1977 , McMaster co-formed The Motors with ex-Ducks Deluxe member , Nick Garvey .	2
According to Rittner , the speech remains a " lightning rod " in debates about Pius XII .	3
" St. Joseph Church ( St. Joseph , Tennessee )	1
The first NASCAR " strictly stock " race was held at Charlotte Speedway , on June 19 , 1949 .	3
The monument was erected in May 1924 .	0
He also wanted to seize the kingdom of Machares , his son who had gone over to the Romans .	3
At the festival , more than 70 brands of Czech beer can be tasted .	2
American Shalane Flanagan finished fourth .	0
Georgetown failed to win a game , a first since 1885 .	1
It was officially presented at the Arpegios Theatre .	1
It was selected Programming Language of the Year in 2007 , 2010 , and 2018 .	2
Despite the sale of Shaw Media and the Global Television Network to Corus Entertainment in 2016 , the channel remains owned by Shaw .	4
The earliest reference to the word is the Mycenaean Greek " ru-ra-ta-e " , meaning " lyrists " and written in the Linear B script .	5
Reşid is a Turkish name and may refer to :	1
II " , a title which clearly reflects the gentle , introspective nature of this album of ambient or new-age music .	4
Most of the building had a flat-profile roof , except for the central transept , which was covered by a 72 foot wide barrel-vaulted roof that stood 168	5
The theory of solipsism also merits close examination because it relates to three widely held philosophical presuppositions , each itself fundamental and wide-ranging in importance :	5
At a later date the narrative was embellished with anecdotal detail : Melampus lived in Pylos during the reign of Anaxagoras or possibly Proetus .	5
James Jackson died on August 17 , 1840 and was buried in the family cemetery , near the plantation house .	4
Various militias and official militaries have improvised such vehicles ever since the introduction of the first automobiles into military service .	4
Diomedes answered , " Hector will talk among the Trojans and say , ' The son of Tydeus fled before me to the ships . '	5
From there , he reached the coast with a retinue of thirty cavalry and boarded a corn ship .	3
In 1966 , RIT was selected by the Federal government to be the site of the newly founded National Technical Institute for the Deaf ( NTID ) .	5
These lines divide the house into quarters .	0
West Metro was on the list ; North West Metro was not .	2
Prior to this decision , the Court had already determined that the cancellation of debt was " a freeing of assets . "	4
Other Joint Chief of Staff exercises included " Ember Dawn IV " in Alaska and " Brave Shield " in Europe .	4
He ordered councils held throughout the West so that legates could present the universal tradition of the Western Church .	3
The " Salon de Reception " was the anteroom to the bedroom of Anne of Austria , wife of Louis XIII and mother of Louis XIV .	5
1982 Dynasty ( TV Series ) ... Susan Farragut	1
He is the son of Scottish international player Alan Gilzean .	1
Differentiating this equation with regard to time gives the identity ( valid so long as temperatures in the object are uniform at any given time ) :	5
A data type that represents a range of data can be used which are called range types .	3
To fight , and not to heed the wounds ,	1
The Eastern churches commemorate him on 22 April , the day of his death .	2
He served as the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Idaho .	1
These individual statistics were also included because the basic concept of the franchise is to train one 's Pokémon .	3
1979 The Paper Chase ( TV Series ) ... Chris Carlyle	1
At 3.52 a.m. on 9 October , he gave a smile , lowered his head and died .	3
The population density was .	0
Python uses duck typing and has typed objects but untyped variable names .	2
We give thanks , O Lord . < / poem >	1
In 1940 he was struck by a tram , suffering a fractured skull .	2
Authors maintain and improve their own modules .	0
In June 1942 , diplomatic relations were established with the Nationalist government of China .	2
In 1935 , Crilly Airways sought government approval to operate an air service between Britain and Ireland but was refused .	4
The town never regained its past prosperity and the kings of Kakheti transferred their capital to Telavi in the mid-17th century .	4
This is known as the MyCiTi service .	0
" The Age of the Earth	0
It employs a horizontal rotating kiln-type retort .	0
Raffaele Monti was hired to design and build much of the external statuary around the fountain basins , and the urns , tazzas and vases .	5
In 1962 , he left India for the United Kingdom , intending to find a way to learn to write western music .	4
Along with designing the opening credits , Bass is termed " Pictorial Consultant " in the credits .	3
Cayley is commemorated in Scarborough at the University of Hull , Scarborough Campus , where a hall of residence and a teaching building are named after him .	5
In 1961 Dr. Burstone was the first to introduce the photographic occlusogram .	2
Normal minimum age requirements were waived because his father was already a member .	2
No flushing toilet had appeared in mainstream film and television in the United States at that time .	3
GeoSMS is a specification for geotagging SMS messages .	1
The matchups were between existing NFL teams .	0
The last person remaining is the winner .	0
Many popular codecs are lossy .	0
He reassured the monks of his intentions , and in September 1127 , he personally installed Seniorectus as abbot .	3
An extensive programme of redevelopment of these neighborhoods began recently , demolished HLM tower blocks and new infrastructure have been built , especially for schools .	5
He negotiated food shipments for Russia , where the Church was persecuted .	2
Voters also elected nine municipal council members .	0
In " Commissioner v. Rail Joint Co . " , a corporation issued its own bonds as a dividend to its shareholders .	4
The sheriff holds Phillip in gaol .	0
As a result , Alva was removed from the main team with most of the other controversial players and some others .	4
In 2003 , Byrne guest starred as himself on " The Simpsons " ( season 14 ) episode , Dude , Where 's My Ranch ? .	5
The last report was sent to the Association in 1944 .	1
Joey Burns , of Calexico produced the album .	1
The question of re-admittance to the lapsed troubled north Africa for centuries ( see Novatianism and Donatism ) .	3
Other local radio stations , Radio Tay and Edinburgh 's 97.3 Forth One , broadcast to the northern and southern parts of the region respectively .	5
Mary-Kate and her twin Ashley 's success has been marked by their inclusion on every Forbes " The Celebrity 100 " list since 2002 .	5
The couple married in 1851 .	0
The mill later manufactured smokeless powder used in United States Army Krag-Jørgensen rifles and guns of the United States Navy Pacific and Asiatic fleets .	5
At that time , the station once again began airing adult standards music from the Music of Your Life network at night .	4
Among his other innovations was the idea of a state library operating as the controller of the state 's school and public library services .	5
These aircraft were temporarily replaced by U-6 Beavers from 1965 to 1967 due to a need for U-10s in Vietnam .	4
All stations , and the neighborhood 's major streets , are served by Metro Local , Metro Rapid , and / or other bus lines and systems .	5
Dubček 's relaxation of censorship ushered in a brief period of freedom of speech and the press .	3
He also launched a mission to convert the Tatars , but he died before it could start .	3
In any case , the gigantic penguins had disappeared by the end of the Paleogene , around 25 mya .	3
Today , the Appaloosa is one of the most popular breeds in the United States ; it was named the official state horse of Idaho in 1975 .	5
The first episode aired in syndication on November 1 , 2008 , and the show lasted for two seasons until its cancellation in May 2010 .	5
Ahead of the 2015 – 16 season , he was given a number one shirt .	2
It appears indistinct from the great icosihemidodecacron .	0
A first suburb , Karlín , was created in 1817 , and twenty years later the population exceeded 100,000 .	3
In the early twentieth century , Ballantrae 's population declined dramatically .	1
The original statue of the fountain , made by Barthelemy Prieur in 1602 , can be seen in the Gallery of the Cerfs inside the palace .	5
Her acting debut was in the film " Puzzle " , in 2014 .	2
When they reached Artaxata , the elder Tigranes surrendered the city and went voluntarily to Pompey 's camp .	3
The Bears recorded another takeaway when Tim Jennings intercepted Stafford and returned the pick to Detroit 's 23-yard line , and the Bears scored another field goal .	5
Our Lady Church , the oldest of the three , was determined to be unstable , and it was torn down .	4
He died on 21 July 1963 .	0
The Belgian Blue is now primarily beef .	0
Dried pastas are best served in hearty dishes like ragu sauces , soups , and casseroles .	3
There was however a Cardinal-Secretary to run these bodies on a day-to-day basis .	2
By 1918 , Chase had five models in production :	1
If a central line infection is suspected in a person , blood cultures are taken from both the catheter and a vein elsewhere in the body .	5
His father Stewart Barrowclough was also a professional footballer .	1
Stevens was elected in 1903 along with Governor John T. Morrison .	1
WinWinD was a wind turbine manufacturer headquartered in Espoo , Finland .	1
With the conversion to the F-100s , the ADC 24-hour alert status ended and retraining in tactical fighter missions began .	4
The main runway was completed in 1970 .	0
Hitchcock held onto the print for several days , left it untouched , and resubmitted it for approval .	3
Given the cultural and religious differences within the country , Sudanese clothing varies among the different parts and peoples of Sudan .	4
Novella Carpenter is the author of the 2009 memoir " " .	1
Prior to the election , the composition of the council was :	1
After Picus ' transformation she wandered madly through the forest for 6 days until finally she lay down on the bank of the Tiber and died .	5
1984 Empire ( TV Series ) ... Jackie Willow	1
The riots started when the protesters started vandalizing nearby buildings ; by 10 : 30 pm , approximately , a dozen buildings were already vandalized .	5
It is likely that axons from myelinated fibers are able to induce Schwann cell myelin protein synthesis throughout the adult life .	4
Tan 's first defeat came against Jim Wallhead who hails from Leicester and is a part of Team Rough House in Nottingham .	4
In 2007 , Forbes ranked the twins jointly as the eleventh-richest women in entertainment , with an estimated combined net worth of $ 300 million .	5
She would later marry Walter D. Simm , whom she remained married to until her death of a heart attack in 1961 .	4
The city is traditionally one of the cultural centres of Europe , hosting many cultural events .	3
Curling is the provincial sport of Saskatchewan .	0
Zhao achieved all three of the required grandmaster ( GM ) norms over two months in December 2007 and January 2008 .	4
Snow Conditions Phone Line : + 386 ( 0 ) 2 2208885	1
It is often known as " Iris kumaonensis " , due to a publishing error .	2
Atlanta then selected Jones , who played shortstop at the time .	1
Colm spent a year with the group before leaving to join Celtic Thunder .	2
State Route 609 in Fairfax County , Virginia is a secondary state highway which traverses western portion of the county .	4
Gould resigned on May 17 , 2013 .	0
2001 saw a return to the postseason .	0
One of RIT 's unique features is the large presence of deaf and hard-of-hearing students , who make up 8.8 % of the student body .	5
He encouraged people to live in the area and suggested that a prison be built there .	3
Soon , by 1389 , Albert was deposed of Sweden and incarcerated , while the Dowager Queen Margaret became the new ruler .	4
It is unusual as an Akron plan church in rural Tennessee .	1
The King of the Franks arbitrated the dispute , restoring Leo to his office .	2
Likewise , it is disputed whether Kashubian may be regarded as a dialect of Polish or a separate language .	3
During this time frame , the unit also had a crew participating in Coronet Shamrock , an Air Force-wide air-drop competition .	4
He defeated Joey Ryan on March 10 , 2017 .	1
Two-time champion Hassiba Boulmerka of Algeria is the only woman to have won three medals .	2
22,861 people ( 38.1 % of the population ) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 28,796 people ( 48.0 % ) lived in rental housing units .	5
The campus , too , is surrounded by a ring road .	1
Vemurafenib causes programmed cell death in melanoma cell lines .	1
" 19 seconds was open net time "	0
In the United States the descendants of Italian immigrants from Nola and Brusciano continue the tradition in Brooklyn .	3
Durum wheat whole meal pasta ( " pasta di semola integrale di grano duro " ) .	3
After 10 years in the airlift business , the unit assumed a new role with its seventh type aircraft — the C-130A Hercules .	4
The encyclical was written in German and not the usual Latin of official Catholic Church documents .	3
Triphenylphosphine is a frequently used reagent , which is oxidized in this reaction to triphenylphosphine oxide .	3
It was the Prague Spring , which aimed at the renovation of institutions in a democratic way .	3
The plant is used for a lot of medicinal applications .	1
He was educated at Pomona College , receiving a B.A .	1
In an atmosphere of ill manner , let us be Courteous .	1
I-III , 1974-1976 ) , Canadian ( 1978 ) and American ( 1979 ) .	2
The cardinals supporting the Frangipani immediately closed the monastery gates and refused to allow anyone inside .	3
He has received Oscar , Grammy , and Golden Globe Awards , and has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .	5
, a son from his second marriage , was a journalist .	1
The mounting could elevate to 90 ° with a 30 ° / sec elevation rate and a 60 ° / sec train rate .	4
Sarpedon conquered the Milyans , and ruled over them ; his kingdom was named Lycia , after his successor , Lycus , son of Pandion II .	5
Pat Lindsey ( born May 17 , 1952 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour .	4
He was planning to make a comeback in 2012 when he was killed .	2
His first choice , Leigh agreed after having only read the novel and making no inquiry into her salary .	3
Furthermore , pyro and giant spotlights were used .	1
It is now used as an Art Gallery .	1
According to his sister Elisabetta , the food at the Capranica was to blame .	2
Like Byblis who fell in love with her brother , Myrrha is transformed and rendered voiceless making her unable to break the taboo of incest .	5
This provided some shock effect , since toilets were virtually never seen in American cinema in the 1960s .	3
It contains six Vertical Sync-type generators with Francis turbines .	1
Koplow left Wang in 1982 because of conflicts with Fred Wang .	1
The main stadium 's architectural design is inspired from the traditional Chinese lantern design .	2
However , Pompey held a limited amount of land and this created shortages of fodder for his animals .	3
For example , the coordinate surfaces obtained by holding ρ constant in the spherical coordinate system are the spheres with center at the origin .	5
Many planes of this group had a girl 's name on the nose , but very few had any artwork .	4
He was succeeded in the botanical chair by his son Alpino Alpini ( died 1637 ) .	3
The epitaphs for Jacob and Elizabeth Himmerig in 1773 and 1774 are examples of neo-classical design and commemorate the churches greatest benefactors .	4
Murali has a happy family , his father Dhanunjaya Rao ( Satyanarayana ) is a multimillionaire and mother Tulasi ( Sarada ) is a good hearted woman .	5
Robert 's son Colonel James Lindsay inherited the house in 1836 .	1
Historians have noted several lexical milestones relevant to pasta , none of which changes these basic characteristics .	3
He currently teaches at CIMAT .	0
Wacom does not provide drivers for this device .	1
In 421 , he had her father killed .	1
) , as a sign that topics discussed within the room are not to be discussed or else repeated outside of the room and other outside parties .	5
Fernández y Krohn subsequently left the priesthood and served three years of a six-year sentence .	2
Bruce , the commissioning of the Vulgate was a key moment in fixing the biblical canon in the West .	3
A set can be regarded as an algebra having no nontrivial operations or defining equations .	2
Although it has a very low average luminosity , Proxima is a flare star that undergoes random dramatic increases in brightness because of magnetic activity .	5
The goddess Athena bathed in Lake Voulismeni .	0
Inside many original finishings remain .	0
He fought against these writings throughout his papacy , and in 400 he called a council to discuss them .	3
During the 1960s the squadron continued to operate its F-84F Thunderstreaks , and the unit was not activated during the Vietnam War .	4
Thus Portland cement began its predominant role .	0
A prism is a transparent optical component with flat surfaces that refract light .	2
Even with the opening of trade , tensions remained strong between Catholics and Protestants in Cuba throughout the early days of the colony .	4
While others grumble and grouch , let us be Cheerful .	1
Damasus I was active in defending the Catholic Church against the threat of schisms .	2
Alva 's debut was in the 2nd half of a game against classic rival Sporting Cristal , a match that Universitario lost .	4
The faction against conciliation was able to name Symmachus as the pope to follow Anastasius II .	3
Albania withdrew from the Warsaw Pact in opposition , calling the invasion an act of " social imperialism " .	3
Her efforts led to the " PNDC Intestate Succession Law " promulgated in 1985 .	2
The group is much the same today .	0
" First Presbyterian Church ( Clarksville , Tennessee )	1
He then divided the Gratioleae , with its 16 genera ( and about 182 species ) into three subtribes - Caprarinae , Dopatrinae , and Gratiolinae .	5
Moore was elected in 1897 along with Governor Frank Steunenberg .	1
Adam Weyrother traveled to Paris frequently .	0
And Jesus answering said unto them , They that are whole need not a physician ; but they that are sick .	4
Bendus was honoured with the award .	0
Wran also severely truncated the Eastern Suburbs railway , then under construction .	2
The first concrete information concerning pasta products in Italy dates from the 13th or 14th century .	3
Belford has been married to actor Nicholas Pryor since July 1993 .	1
The station broadcasts to most of the area in Henderson County and parts of southern Buncombe County and parts of northern Polk County .	4
" 2010 EAFF Women 's Football Championship	0
The new Devonport End was opened for the 2001 Boxing Day fixture with Torquay United .	2
In every white leap a white leap .	0
In 2007 Stone performed a duet with Scottish singer-songwriter Isla Grant on the track " What 's a Girl to Do ? "	4
Sally 's ex-husband and Floss 's father .	0
He grew up supporting Sunderland .	0
Later he delegated this task to Miguel González , his Head of Publications .	2
John XXIII personally typed and sent a message back to him , thanking him for his letter .	3
Pyridine is protonated by reaction with acids and forms a positively charged aromatic polyatomic ion called pyridinium .	3
A dedicated metro-style system would not maximise the use of the existing rail assets .	2
Geoff Gerard scored an unconverted try for the Eels early in the second half , then two penalties gave Manly an 11-10 lead .	4
The raw material is gasified into synthesis gas , which after purification is converted by the Fischer – Tropsch process to a synthetic diesel .	5
He was buried in Batavia Cemetery .	0
He died in 1930 after a short illness .	1
Most Cnidarians also have a parallel system .	0
As of 2019 , this is the only Mroja album to be released on CD .	2
The four-year , full-time undergraduate program constitutes the majority of enrollments at the university and emphasizes instruction in the " arts & sciences / professions . "	5
Later , she was owner of " Musical Courier " magazine .	1
When three bells aligned , it paid fifty cents .	1
Since 2006 , Liberty Reserve had become a popular service for cybercriminals .	2
Rivers left to go solo in 1970 .	0
The club competes in the Ukrainian Second League .	1
" 2009 CD Universidad San Martín season	0
The current printed issue does not carry a summary , but the website retains a section of the original 1886 introductory essay by Peter Kropotkin :	5
The J model was designed to carry two AIR-2 Genie nuclear-tipped air-to-air missiles under the wings to defend against enemy bomber attack .	4
Dewey worked out a new scheme that superimposed a system of decimal numbers on a structure of knowledge first outlined by Sir Francis Bacon .	5
Jemima Condict was born in a rural setting in the mountains of northwestern New Jersey , USA , on 24 August 1754 .	4
The female equivalent is a " muhadditha " .	1
She has sometimes been credited as Christina Belford .	1
More than 5000 navvies worked on the building during its construction , with up to 2000 on site at one time during the peak building phase .	5
The second Sarpedon , king of Lycia , a descendant of the preceding , was a son of Zeus and Laodamia , daughter of Bellerophon .	5
The remaining students are American Indian .	0
The Property Council and the Planning Institute were not enthused by North West Metro either .	2
He ventured to Rome on 28 December and met with both Tardini and his friend Giovanni Battista Montini .	3
The main Coronet Oak mission is to deliver special forces to any location in theater as directed by Southern Command .	4
Because it was covered almost entirely in glass , it also needed no artificial lighting during the day , thereby reducing the Exhibition 's running costs .	5
After the German invasion of Norway on 9 April , No .	1
Though he played tight end , he was envisioned as a fullback by the team , and was primarily intended to be a blocker .	5
Within fifty years of the Spaniards ' arrival , the Ohlone or Coastanoan culture and way of life had virtually disappeared in the Bay area .	5
Their winning total was 342.63 .	0
These are the battles of the god Ninurta with the monsters Asag and Anzu , and the god Marduk 's battle with the monstrous Tiamat .	5
Leopold Hainisch ( 1891 – 1979 ) was an Austrian actor and film director .	2
In 1881 he was appointed high Sheriff of Northamptonshire .	1
RIT helped the Seneca Park Zoo purchase a new tiger shortly after SpiRIT 's death , but it was not used as a school mascot .	5
1988 Murphy 's Law ( TV Series ) ... Claudia Slocum	1
Sheeana is joined by Duncan .	0
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 .	2
Other just-in-time Python compilers have been developed , but are now unsupported :	2
Deglane had been an assistant to Dufert , the builder of the Palace of Machines .	2
Revised Quest for the Seasoned Traveller is a compilation of rare material released by A Tribe Called Quest in 1992 .	4
masonry , and architectural distinctiveness of this building . "	1
On 2 June he was patrolling in Hurricane W2543 over Narvik .	1
However , there have also been some Polish linguists who treated Pomeranian as a separate language .	3
There were examples when Church reaction to Nazi brutality only intensified SS persecutions of both Jews and the Church .	3
His reign was not successful .	0
He retired from the Screen Actors Guild in 2000 .	1
To control formation of the elaborate and spatially complex multicellular structure which is the fruiting body , the cells must exchange signals during the entire process .	5
1986 Family Ties ( TV Series ) ... Victoria Hurstenberg	1
Others say that Aegialia herself had taken a lover , Cometes ( son of Sthenelus ) , being persuaded to do so by Palamedes 's father Nauplius .	5
The Ploče TG remained in their assigned area of patrol .	1
As the school 's role changed during the 1990s and 2000s , much of the boarding accommodation was gradually phased out .	4
Jones returned to the Braves ' lineup on June 10 .	1
The word " penguin " first appears in the 16th century as a synonym for great auk .	3
They arrived in the following order : USNS Sealift ( ?	1
He retired end of 2014 season .	0
The Congregation of the Holy Family of Nazareth was founded in Rome , Italy in 1875 by Frances Siedliska , a Polish noblewoman .	4
Pyridine is diamagnetic and has a diamagnetic susceptibility of − 48.7 × 10 cm · mol .	3
On October 22 the superpowers brokered UN Security Council Resolution 338 .	1
1989 Empty Nest ( TV Series ) ... Fran	1
There were also Rock and Roll Marathon .	0
The squadron spent most of the next six months in training .	1
The Supreme Court of CanadaFound that ' The Crown ' had breached some of their Fiduciary Obligations to the Temagami Indians .	4
He made appearances on Channel 12 and CNN en Español , and also hosted local news programs which were critical of previous governments .	4
Land belonging to the residents of the village has been used to construct hundreds of structures in the neighbouring Israeli settlement of Ofra .	4
ELP won his first ECCW Championship on July 6 , 2013 .	1
Pompey greatly expanded the province of Cilicia along the coast ( adding Pamphylia to its west ) and inland .	3
PostgreSQL has several interfaces available and is also widely supported among programming language libraries .	2
Officers are NYS Licensed Security Guards who possess an expanded scope of authority under NYS Education Law , and many Officers have prior law enforcement backgrounds .	5
He won an NFL championship with the Lions in 1957 and caught a touchdown pass in the 1957 NFL Championship Game .	4
Pussy hugs A.J. , disrupting the signal from his wire .	1
Puny received the game ball in the 12th man game and later coached Dan Rather at Sam Houston State University .	4
" 1909 Crystal Palace Scout Rally	0
Sometimes he answered specific moral questions , which were addressed to him .	2
Before the mixing process takes place , semolina particles are irregularly shaped and present in different sizes .	3
Helenus prophesied Aeneas ' founding of Rome when he and his followers stopped at Buthrotum , detailed by Virgil in " Aeneid " Book III .	5
Alampur is a developed town in the field of Education .	1
They feed in spun together leaves of their host plant .	1
Only two , Trebellius and Roscius , agreed , but they were unable to do so .	3
The cultural peak of ancient Egypt , and thus the possible age of the earliest instruments of this type , predates the 5th century classic Greece .	5
Emma seeks out Euan for some gloves .	0
In March 2012 , both Mary-Kate and Ashley indicated their interest to retire as actresses in order to focus on their careers in fashion .	5
Fifteen other officers were also injured .	0
The architecture and decor of Paris restaurants closely followed the styles of the day .	2
In particular , unsubstituted pyridine is produced from formaldehyde and acetaldehyde , which are inexpensive and widely available .	3
Grosse died in the crash , but Adcock survived after ejecting and was rescued by a Royal Canadian Air Force helicopter crew .	4
They do not orbit the Sun alone , but as part of a population of similarly sized objects .	3
Estrangement and apathy toward Judaism were rampant .	0
" 1998 Newsweek Champions Cup – Singles	0
Thereafter it would be known as the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas in the City .	3
The DELEX refit for the " Mackenzie " class was the same for the Improved " Restigouche " -class vessels .	4
Swift Memorial College closed in 1955 due to financial problems .	1
ADSL services are typically delivered using the telephone cabling .	1
" Beckham " fought her way out of the western anchorage through storm conditions , with torrential rains drastically limiting her visibility .	4
In the first phase , activities were limited to strength , conditioning , and physical rehabilitation , with only strength and conditioning coaches allowed on the field .	5
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .	1
Qurah was the first island to be retaken by Coalition Forces .	1
Domestic sites of importance include Falkland Palace , Kellie Castle , Dunfermline Palace , St Andrews Castle , Culross Palace and Kirkcaldy 's Ravenscraig Castle .	5
However , upon further analysis , these emissions were determined to be the result of a large flare emitted by the star in March , 2017 .	5
The event was organized by Discovery Channel .	0
The death of the pontiff set in motion rituals and traditions dating back to medieval times .	3
The mission in Bosnia was renamed " Joint Endeavor " and , finally , " Decisive Endeavor " , as the crisis cooled .	4
Code comes from contributions from proprietary vendors , support companies , and open-source programmers at large .	3
For the Borowiacki dialects and the Pomeranian language , the common feature was affrication of dorsal consonants .	3
He sent a force under Afrianius against Phraates , who was plundering the subjects of Tigranes in Gordyene .	3
Ward died in May 1774 , aged 70 , and was succeeded by his son from his first marriage , John .	4
They argued that the area was originally a part of Sherman Oaks until the 1960s , when ZIP Codes labeling the area as Van Nuys were established .	5
The program requires ( or allows , depending on major ) students to work in the workplace for up to five quarters alternating with quarters of class .	5
The price of diesel traditionally rises during colder months as demand for heating oil rises , which is refined in much the same way .	5
In front of the left eye there are seven large photophores and the eye is ringed by ten to fourteen small ones .	4
He had forbidden elaborate decorations , and many people stayed away for fear of the plague that was raging .	3
The police officer , ignorant of Bates ' split personality , bluntly utters that Bates is a transvestite .	3
Foote was born 24 July 1797 ( ? )	1
In 1994 he was awarded the Maria Moors Cabot prize from Columbia University for promoting press freedom and inter-American understanding .	4
Among the Trojans he killed were Melanippus , Ablerus , Atymnius , Phalces , and Thoon , although Hyginus records that he only killed two Trojans .	5
They felt that their futures were in fashion , not in acting and discussed wanting to open a store as one of their future fashion-based endeavors .	5
Three times Oderisio refused to answer the summons and so during Lent of 1126 , Honorius deposed the abbot .	3
In Southern Italy more complex variations include pasta paired with fresh vegetables , olives , capers or seafood .	3
The English Wikipedia currently has over , with varying degrees of activity .	2
Solipsism is not a falsifiable hypothesis as described by Karl Popper or Imre Lakatos : there does not seem to be an imaginable disproof .	5
Perpenna hid in a thicket , fearing his troops more than the enemy , and was eventually captured .	3
During Agatho 's tenure , the Sixth Ecumenical Council was convened which dealt with the monothelitism controversy .	3
The machine version of the outfit is designed by Koyamashigeto and Shōji Kawamori , who is noted for his " Macross " designs .	4
1 on the Contemporary Jazz Albums chart , selling 4,500 copies in the first week .	2
After the marriage Philip dreamed that he put a seal upon his wife 's womb , the device of which was the figure of a lion .	5
2009 : Pain of Salvation - Ending Themes ( On the Two Deaths of Pain of Salvation ) ( DVD ) < br >	4
Originally to be based around a coal mine , the town eventually attracted a high number of modern Silicon Glen companies to the region .	5
Five months prior to the studio album 's appearance , Festival Mushroom Records issued a compilation album , " Throwing Little Stones ...	4
Another character of the same name was the son of the sea god Proteus who wrestled with Heracles and lost his life in the battle .	5
Despite their demands , however , Pacelli refused to leave his post .	2
and the University of Southern California ( Ph.D. )	1
The Náměstí Míru metro station is the deepest station and is equipped with the longest escalator in European Union .	3
The 134th was reorganized as the 158th Fighter Interceptor Group and was placed under the United States Air Defense Command .	4
" The ABC Monday Night Movie	0
The LZ 129 Hindenburg rigid airship was powered by four Daimler-Benz DB 602 16-cylinder diesel engines , each with available in bursts and available for cruising .	5
William Holmes stood for the Labour Party .	0
He found two thicknesses of silk wrapped around the bullet and two tears where it had struck the vertebral column .	4
Its colors are black and white .	0
On 21 January 2017 he signed a four-and-a-half-year deal with Legia Warsaw .	2
Any device for viewing IPTV must have an internet connection .	1
5 ) , and several uninhabited islets , has a total population of 3,047 ( 2011 census ) and a combined land area of .	5
The entire album was reissued separately on both 180 gram vinyl LP and CD by the Bureau-B label on December 3 , 2010 .	4
He eventually switched to the standard guitar and was influenced by the music of Chet Atkins , The Ventures and Duane Eddy .	4
" List of fauna of Sequalitchew Creek	0
A bonding moment between mother and father occurs in this scene when Hector 's helmet scares Astyanax , providing a moment of light relief in the story .	5
The oblong tepals are approximately 4 mm long .	1
The weir was replaced by the reservoir in 1928 .	1
Recent research in rats has suggested that the separate action of apotransferrin and thyroid hormone could have an important role in myelination .	4
Harrison decided to reacquire the Financo name in 1989 , however , and re-established the firm independent of Shearson Lehman .	4
The flattened peristome bears ribs spaced 0.5 to 1 mm apart .	1
In Honorius 's name , John of Crema convened the Synod of Roxburgh in 1125 .	2
In 54 BC , Pompey was the only member of the triumvirate who was in Rome .	3
Sudan has a rich and unique musical culture that has been through chronic instability and repression during the modern history of Sudan .	4
It then took part in preinvasion activities , e.g. , escorting B-26 Marauders to attack airdromes , bridges and railroads in Occupied France .	4
He chose Fontainebleau as the site of his historic 1804 meeting with Pope Pius VII , who had travelled from Rome to crown Napoleon Emperor .	5
It is this unique group of spotting patterns , collectively called the " leopard complex " , that most people associate with the Appaloosa horse .	5
At the time of signing with the Dolphins , Sherman was also a finalist for the vacant head coaching job for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .	5
His papacy faced renewed threats from the Saracens , after they established themselves on the Garigliano river .	3
Researchers studied regenerating PNS axons for 28 weeks in order to investigate whether or not peripheral axons stimulate oligodendrocytes to begin myelination .	4
The women 's team had carried a record of 54 – 3 – 3 over their past two regular seasons leading up to that point .	5
This species lives in the Eastern Pacific .	0
It would be a much bigger tragedy , if Cardinal Pacelli dies , because there is only one .	3
Elaine Willcox is an English television reporter .	0
For example , the coordinate curves in polar coordinates obtained by holding " r " constant are the circles with center at the origin .	5
No other Classical writer mentions the story , but the scene is represented on a 6th-century Corinthian black-figure amphora now housed in the Louvre .	5
- The author of the film ( Teer Enta ) .	1
This lasted for six seasons before the club linked up with local newspaper the Evening Herald .	3
Late in the fourth quarter , Bears rookie Isaiah Frey intercepted a David Carr pass that was tipped by Anthony Walters to give the Bears the victory .	5
Craigville was frequented by as many as 5,000 lumberjacks seasonally ; and had a post office from 1915 until 1952 .	4
He attended Queen Elizabeth Grammar School Wakefield .	0
If one is the only mind in existence , then one is maintaining that one 's mind alone created all of which one is apparently aware .	5
It was not until the start of the 1975 – 76 season that Middleton was able to command a regular place in the first team .	5
Founded in 1975 , it is enabled to hear complaints against newspapers and other publications , particularly regarding allegations of bias and inaccuracy .	4
The 111th FIS was reassigned from the 136th Fighter-Interceptor Group to the 147th FIG , becoming the new group 's flying squadron .	4
The first commercial show of the theater upon its reopening was " The Disney Live !	2
Edward Madeley ) to edit and complete .	0
Prior to this discovery , multiple measurements of the star 's radial velocity constrained the maximum mass that a detectable companion to Proxima Centauri could possess .	5
" Nepenthes deaniana " has no known natural hybrids .	1
He does whatever two or three cardinals write to him in the name of the college . "	3
A tax lien " inhibits one of the quintessential rights of property ownership — the right to convey that property .	4
It was part of the siege artillery .	0
Jones performed well both offensively and defensively during the 2007 season .	1
The official Python documentation also contains various references to Monty Python routines .	2
Roncalli 's exact words were " I will be called John " .	2
" 506th Airborne Infantry Regiment Association	0
It is the world 's largest toad .	0
Phocus ( ; Ancient Greek : Φῶκος means " seal " ) was the name of the eponymous hero of Phocis in Greek mythology .	5
In October 1999 , Gilzean moved to Glentoran .	1
Van Rossum led the language community until stepping down as leader in July 2018 .	2
Monsignor Schioppa , the " uditore " , was left in Munich .	2
The attack transport got underway for the Philippines on 22 September and reached Guiuan Roadstead , off Samar , on the 25th .	4
This acquisition included the Cubs .	0
In the grammatical tradition , Patañjali is believed to have lived in the second century BCE .	3
A clumsy and much amended school bill of 1851 was signed into law by Governor John McDougall , as California 's first schools legislation .	5
Pompey should be required to give up his troops , and if not , Caesar should retain his .	3
Boudreau won the American League MVP Award .	0
The pavement of the cathedral was excavated in 1913 .	1
Trochalopteron is a genus of passerine birds in the family Leiothrichidae .	1
The church and cemetery sit on of land .	1
However , I must emphasise that Poland has always been an important part of Europe .	2
His normal career as a young member of the senatorial class did not last long .	2
The single fact of John Paul II 's election in 1978 changed everything .	2
Produced by Andy McCluskey ( except " Walking on the Milky Way " [ Andy McCluskey / Matthew Vaughan / David Nicholas ] )	4
Mary-Kate 's controversial fashion choices have often found her on both the best and worst dressed fashion lists , particularly for her decision to wear fur .	5
RIT also has its own ambulance corps , bi-weekly television athletics program RIT SportsZone , pep band , radio station , and tech crew .	5
During his pontificate , many of the tertiary orders came into existence .	2
He translated Scheler 's " Formalism and the Ethics of Substantive Values " .	2
The 164th Airlift Wing is a unit of the Tennessee Air National Guard , stationed at Memphis Air National Guard Base , Tennessee .	4
The Boston Red Sox selected Jerez in the second round of the 2011 MLB Draft .	2
He died in 2009 after a fall at his home in Essex .	2
She was launched again on 6 October .	0
His journal was specifically concerned with the funeral and the abused state of the late pontiff 's corpse .	3
It has an expansion of the material in ' plus some other material .	2
RIT 's athletics nickname is the " Tigers " , a name given following the undefeated men 's basketball season of 1955 – 56 .	5
The film was released on DVD on April 25 , 2006 .	1
The following communities are located in this municipality :	1
The porch has a flagstone platform floor .	0
The firm specialized in debt collection .	0
Whether secured debt is recourse or nonrecourse can have significant consequences if the debt is settled in foreclosure of the secured property .	4
Their last appearance was in 2001 .	0
Many pirates settled on land in various places and relied on an informal network of mutual assistance .	3
1999 The Wild Thornberrys ( TV Series ) ... Whale	1
The cavus should be separately treated as outlined in step 2 , and the equinus should be corrected without causing a midfoot break .	4
These incubation shifts can last days and even weeks as one member of the pair feeds at sea .	3
He is a member of the Republican Party .	1
He scored four times in 30 games during the 2017 – 18 Serbian SuperLiga .	2
He attended the University of Glasgow and graduated with a medical degree in 1944 .	2
He could not reach his troops in Hispania because Caesar controlled Gaul , which was on the way .	3
The German wine classification system lends itself to differentiation of wines , especially sweet wines , according to quality level .	4
Pyridine was discovered in 1849 by the Scottish chemist Thomas Anderson as one of the constituents of bone oil .	3
On land , penguins use their tails and wings to maintain balance for their upright stance .	3
When pasta was introduced to several nations , every culture adopted different style of preparing it .	3
However , the story is found in only one unreliable manuscript of Anastasius .	2
Finbar is an Irish Traveller .	0
These stories , traditions , and proverbs are not static , but are often altered upon each transmission barring the overall meaning remains intact .	5
She started her acting career in Julie Taymor 's 1999 London production of " The Lion King " , as one of the original young Nalas .	5
Plutarch wrote that Caesar felt that this was the end of his good relationship with Pompey .	3
Popular original songs written by a user would inspire illustrations , animations in 2D and 3D , and remixes by other users .	4
Both are deposited at the Bogor Botanical Gardens .	1
These books were authored by Nathan Long .	0
Meeks accounting research is at the intersection of economics and accounting .	1
Therefore , negotiations were hurriedly carried out , and an alliance was formed between Adrian and Manuel .	3
Python received TIOBE 's Programming Language of the Year awards in 2007 , 2010 and 2018 .	3
It is one of the 29 original National Guard Observation Squadrons of the United States Army National Guard formed before World War II .	4
After the war , she was given in marriage by Neoptolemus to his ally Helenus , son of Priam , whom he had brought to Epirus .	5
After a scoreless first quarter and Robbie Gould 's field goal , Charles Tillman intercepted Tony Romo , returning the pick for a touchdown .	5
Gross expenditure on research and development accounted for € 901.3 million ( 41.5 % of country 's total ) .	3
Burstone and Legan in their 1980 paper proposed a constructed horizontal line .	2
These included free guided tours , performances , workshops and competitions .	1
for service as set forth in the following CITATION :	1
This includes the presidents of the National Assemblies and the various legislative bodies under Governor Ioannis Kapodistrias and his successors .	4
Under the Old Regime , the King 's bed was a symbol of royal authority in France and was saluted by courtiers who passed by it .	5
He used the opportunity to name the first cardinals from Africa , Japan , and the Philippines .	3
To professional associations he explained specific occupational ethics in light of Church teachings .	2
" 2009 Northern Mariana Islands general election	0
The killings took place over a lengthy period of time from 1975 to 2004 and most occurred in the 1990s and 2000s .	4
Korea Republic 's score is shown first .	0
She was subsequently fired for gross misconduct .	0
Lipodystrophy is often associated with glomerulonephritis , low C3 serum complement levels , and the presence of a C3 nephritic factor .	4
The scientists associate the Coptic component with Ancient Egyptian ancestry , without the later Arabian influence that is present among other Egyptians .	4
After the Republican defeat he went into exile in Moscow , Warsaw and Berlin .	2
The human brain ties both images together .	0
The Ganden Palace , located in Drepung monastery was the residence of the Dalai Lamas until the 5th Dalai Lama .	4
St Erth Pits , at St. Erth	0
His parents were Sandocus , son of Astynous ( himself son of Phaethon ) , and Pharnace , daughter of Megassares ( king of Hyria ) .	5
Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf , because it belongs to the main sequence on the Hertzsprung – Russell diagram and is of spectral class M5.5 .	5
Hunter continued playing guitar throughout high school where he played in a group called the Weejuns , taking their name from a shoe .	4
Many groups , from the Baqqara cattle nomads to the largely sedentary tribes on the White Nile , supported this movement .	4
He denounced Graetz as a heretic .	0
From the instrument of Party 's propaganda media quickly became the instrument of criticism of the regime .	3
Once the famous Cilician cave nurtured him , but now the sea-girt cliffs above Cumae , and Sicily too , lie heavy on his shaggy chest .	5
The student officers frequented Allen 's .	0
The two largest religious orders received many new privileges from Honorius IV , documented in his " Regesta " .	3
The excessive awkwardness of being alive .	0
Money was raised to restore the historic building .	1
This related subject is tone mapping .	0
But that one is not a Last Supper , and is not even called the Supper of Our Lord . < br >	4
The depiction is described as lacking " credible substantiation " by the Encyclopædia Britannica .	2
The inhabitants of Amiens are called the " Amiénois " and their blason populaire is " Chés maqueux d 'gueugues " ( the eaters of nuts ) .	5
He was retired to stud in 2008 but proved to be sub-fertile .	2
Moreover , gifts from followers over the years have given the family and the order the wealth to organize politically .	4
In 2006 , his singing was featured on " The Heart 's a Lonely Hunter " on " The Cosmic Game " by Thievery Corporation .	5
Lobo previously served in the Honduran Congress .	0
Unaffected , he wrote to his sisters Ancilla and Maria and told them both that he was fine .	3
He even deprived another bishop of his office on account of illiteracy .	2
A version of the game called " Ethical Dilemma " appeared in an episode of " Married ... With Children " .	4
The " Yoga Sūtras of Patañjali " are 196 Indian sutras ( aphorisms ) on Yoga .	3
On the streets of Paris , an elegant neo-classicism coexisted comfortably with the new styles .	2
Percik Pesona ( Stain of Enchantment ) is a 1979 album by Indonesian singer Chrisye and is his third album and the second with Musica Studios .	5
" Breaking Bad " , while others do throughout their entire run , e.g .	2
The DELEX refit for the " Mackenzie " class was the same for the Improved " Restigouche " -class vessels .	4
Operating in the Marianas until 15 April , she departed Saipan with over 1,200 troops and officers for Ulithi and Okinawa .	4
The film finished production in late June 2010 .	1
In the 1960s , the sanctuary was remodeled .	1
The reason for this is relatively lower electron density of the carbon atoms of the ring .	3
At the end of October 1950 , the Air National Guard converted to the wing-base ( Hobson Plan ) organization .	4
It was then that Adrastus recalled a prophecy that had instructed him to “ yoke his daughters to a boar and a lion ” .	5
Grange would return to the Bears .	0
He had extended his domain by war , took over areas of the coast of Phoenicia and threatened Damascus .	3
The ship underwent her DELEX refit from 1985 – 86 and spent the rest of her career acting as a training ship .	4
319 , he was replaced by Nicanor .	0
In January , 1229 his army repulsed a raid of the Russian princes Yaroslav Vsevolodovich , Vasily Konstantinovich and Vsevolod Konstantinovich .	4
He also studied composition privately under Nikolai Zhilyayev .	1
The company , started in 1907 , is family owned and has been run by five generations of the family .	4
He was survived by one daughter .	0
His education started within the walls of his family when he was a pupil of his father 's Islamic teachings .	4
But after he heard that Hermione his betrothed had been given to Orestes in marriage , he went to Lacedaemon and demanded her from Menelaus .	5
Other types of equipment include :	0
Composed of DJs Brett Austin , and Murray Hood .	1
Appian gave the same number of infantry and cavalry , but the number of ships was 270 .	3
The CID informed the magistrate on 27 July 2015 that Thajudeen had been murdered .	2
The death of Adrian V in the following month rendered the negotiations with Rudolf fruitless .	2
According to Cassius Dio he " understood how to dance better than to transact any business . "	3
The Yangtze River has over 700 tributaries .	0
Honorius also insisted that the monks take an oath of fidelity to the papacy , but they strenuously objected .	3
The boudoir next to the Queen 's bedroom was created for Queen Marie-Antoinette in 1786 , and permitted the Queen to have a measure of privacy .	5
Wardrobes were available outside the various spectator areas .	1
However , the Parthian threat to Syria did not materialise and the legions were sent to Capua .	3
The film is loosely based on the 15th-century morality play with the same title .	2
Sapporo JR Tower ( Japanese : JRタワー ) is a skyscraper , shopping mall and office complex in Sapporo , Hokkaidō , Japan .	4
He was successful in battle ; however , the war was dragging on and he opened a new front .	3
In 1956 the Maine Air National Guard 101st Fighter-Interceptor Wing was expanded to an Air Defense Wing and reorganized by Air Defense Command .	4
Nearby were a number of small chapels and at least one old basilica .	2
Bit by bit , all of that gives way to an explosion of gold where the summit is reached . "	4
Additionally , RIT has a wide variety of club , intramural , and pick-up sports and teams to provide a less-competitive recreational option to students .	5
Chin played the guitar , bass , and keys .	1
Proxima Centauri 's chromosphere is active , and its spectrum displays a strong emission line of singly ionized magnesium at a wavelength of 280 nm .	5
List of Colorado Rockies managers	0
" 2000 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships	0
Two men were taken into custody in connection with the theft of his vehicle .	2
An important goal of Python 's developers is keeping it fun to use .	2
Some Catholic theologians disagreed with the call for the beatification of John Paul II .	2
Approximately one-fifth of all investment in the Czech Republic takes place in the city .	2
The other consul , Afrianius , whose election had been sponsored by Pompey , was of no assistance .	3
PA III 's power house is long , high and wide .	1
A grave , with three arcosolia , and with coins from the reign of Constantine the Great have been excavated here .	4
" First Baptist Church ( Chattanooga , Tennessee )	1
He played college football at Northwestern .	0
Pierre Allix ( 1641 – 3 March 1717 ) was a French Protestant pastor and author .	3
There are hundreds of concert halls , galleries , cinemas and music clubs in the city .	3
In Berlin , Pacelli was Dean of the Diplomatic Corps and active in diplomatic and many social activities .	3
The abrupt truce with Lübeck freed up royal troops who chased the peasants all the way back to the walls of Aalborg .	4
Lt Col Robert P. Goyette assumed command of the group and Maj Rolfe L. Chickering took command of the 134th Fighter Interceptor Squadron .	4
Head - Zaika , Vladimir G. , MD , PhD	1
Pope Adrian reacted to the Capitulare with a defense of the Council .	2
The modern-day Ansar were thus loyal more to the political descendants of the Mahdi than to the religious message of Mahdism .	4
Set in Antarctica , the player controls a penguin character who must navigate mazes of ice-cubes .	3
The Santa Cruz Surfing Museum at Steamer Lane is staffed by docents from the Santa Cruz Surfing Club who have surfed Santa Cruz waves since the 1930s .	5
He had been promoted flying officer on 3 September 1940 .	1
The route then curves to the northeast to an intersection with the southern terminus of its special route , SR 240 Connector .	4
The player is rewarded with cut-scenes of animated penguins marching , dancing , saluting and playing peekaboo .	3
and number ten in Australia .	0
The trains will be fitted out with newly designed interiors , built from layered plastic , aluminium panels and fibreglass .	4
Jon and Amy appear impressed and respectful of Chris .	1
In November 1171 Henry accepted the fealty of the Dublin Vikings , the Gaelic kings and the Norman knights .	3
Cover Picture by David Hiscock	0
The power asserted by Ferdinand III was stripped from him and returned to the rulers of the Imperial States .	3
The family moved to San Carlos shortly thereafter , where Delaine enrolled in a school where she was one of 20 children .	4
His remains were brought in a lead coffin to Rome and deposited in St. Peter 's Basilica .	3
The psychiatrist says the " Mother " personality has taken permanent hold of Norman 's mind .	3
Some designers look to game mechanics for inspiration , seeing where particular typing combinations could be interesting .	3
Nearby suburbs are Earlville , Kanimbla and Brinsmead .	1
Derby is notable for the many awards it has received .	1
It appears indistinct from the great dodecahemidodecacron .	0
The insertion of the pitcher mouth is slightly oblique .	1
However , if that date falls on a weekend , the filing date is postponed to the next business day .	4
A second conference was held from 6 – 8 November 2008 by the Pontifical Academy of Life .	3
Meanwhile , a black vehicle is on the loose , using decoys as defense .	2
This sports hub includes commercial center , gymnasium , aquatics center , arena and more .	2
Zion Christian Methodist Episcopal Church , formerly Mt .	1
The congregation was founded on April 10 , 1812 .	1
" Classical Speed " was released on December 11 , 2002 .	1
Another reminder of Napoléon was the splendid " Allée de Cyprès chauves de Louisiane " , a double-lined bald cypress ( " Taxodium distichum " ) avenue .	5
He then advanced towards Rome , having crossed the River Rubicon at the boundary of Italy .	3
From Van Nuys , the wing augmented MATS airlift capability worldwide in support of the Air Force ’ s needs .	4
" Damas " appears with other figures , including a Florus who may be Projecta 's father .	3
James Prescott Joule ( ; 24 December 1818 11 October 1889 ) was an English physicist , mathematician and brewer , born in Salford , Lancashire .	5
The event was conceived and conducted by Sir Gilbert Levine , KCSG and was broadcast throughout the world .	3
However a month later , Frederick the Great was defeated and forced to retreat from Bohemia .	3
Scamander , Skamandros ( Ancient Greek : Σκάμανδρος , ) Xanthos ( Ξάνθος ) , was the name of a river god in Greek mythology .	5
Teach us in our turn , O Lord ;	1
John Dawson was born in Chicago .	0
River Fal -- River Ruan Estuary	0
Huber was elected to the Landtag of Bavaria in 1978 and from 1988 to 1994 was Secretary-General of the Christian Social Union .	4
Zion Church and Cemetery ( Elkhorn , Tennessee )	1
Many of the tourists are Italian .	0
The ship was paid off on 1 April 1994 was scuttled as an artificial reef off Nanaimo , British Columbia .	4
" The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians " does not mention it ; its account of the visit is as follows :	4
Pompey did not contest Cato 's view , which gave rise to suspicions about his real feelings towards Caesar .	3
The 141st Air Refueling Wing also moved from Geiger Field to nearby Fairchild Air Force Base to accommodate the larger KC-135A aircraft .	4
At the back of the Palace is a pond ( " dighi " ) .	2
Tibbits Brook is a stream in Sherburne County , in the U.S. state of Minnesota .	2
Pompey and Caesar set Publius Clodius Pulcher against Marcus Tullius Cicero , who was an opponent of the triumvirate .	3
In Appian 's account , Mithridates wintered at Dioscurias in Colchis , ( in 66 / 65 BC ) .	3
Though both men had been neglected since their respective publications , Helmholtz 's definitive 1847 declaration of the conservation of energy credited them both .	5
The song was served as the album 's third single off the studio by Interscope Records and Universal Music Russia in June 2003 .	4
Sir Thomas was popular with Henry and , as we have seen , served at court with Sir Thomas More .	4
The elder Tigranes submitted his affairs to Pompey 's decision and made complaint against his son .	3
Summit - 1,542 m / ( 5,058 ft ) < br >	1
Legislation to remove references to the Sydney Metro Authority was enacted later that year .	2
1977 Most Wanted ( TV Series ) ... Jennifer Haron	1
Pius defended the authority of the State to carry out punishment , up to and including the death penalty .	3
Bradley Wiggins is the oldest winner ; he was 34 years and 149 days old when he won in 2014 .	4
Asian cuisines are many and varied .	0
Even the local barons started to melt away , and soon Adrian 's Byzantine allies were left hopelessly outnumbered .	3
1994 Diagnosis Murder ( TV Series ) ... Emily Bissell	1
At the same time Pompey extended his own fortifications to force Caesar to stretch out his .	3
Starting from 1923 to 1930 , after postwar reconstruction the factory has produced some 40 tram cars for Riga city tramway .	4
In 1125 , papal force brought to heel the lords of Ceccano .	2
Gymboree closed at the end of January .	0
We thank thee , O Lord . < / poem >	1
Avildsen 's greatest success was " Rocky " ( 1976 ) , which he directed working in conjunction with writer and star Sylvester Stallone .	5
Base - 715 m / ( 2,345 ft )	1
He then became known as Biff Harris .	0
The 1918 Battle of Amiens was the opening phase of the Hundred Days Offensive which led directly to the Armistice with Germany that ended the war .	5
Pius warned the Allies of the planned German invasion of the Low Countries in 1940 .	2
At the ARIA Music Awards of 1999 , the song earned Kalju Tonuma a nomination for Engineer of the Year .	4
He was a founding member of the British Association for the Advancement of Science and was a distant cousin of the mathematician Arthur Cayley .	5
Rihanna 's " Don 't Stop the Music " video was filmed at Prague 's Radost FX Club .	3
Fluorapophyllite is an anisotropic mineral and has low relief .	1
The transformation of Myrrha in Ovid 's version has been interpreted as a punishment for her breaking the social rules through her incestuous relationship with her father .	5
The population of Amiens has risen sharply since the mid-19th century : Its population doubled between 1850 and 1960 , from 50,000 to 100,000 inhabitants , i.e .	5
The Plymouth-bound platform can still be just made out to the south of Apsley Road .	2
Once in Munich , he conveyed the papal initiative to end the war to German authorities .	3
His hands and arms are bound with a rope .	1
Daniel taught at the University of Washington ( 1978 – 90 ) .	2
Rather than having all of its functionality built into its core , Python was designed to be highly extensible .	3
In 1883 , Erhardt was appointed U.S .	0
Complexity is the negative aspect of assortment .	0
Thayannur is a small village situated in the Kasaragod district of Kerala in India .	2
They are generally used for middle-distance racing at distances between and ; an Appaloosa holds the all-breed record for the distance , set in 1989 .	5
The Kilgen organ in the church was built in 1936 .	1
in 64 BC , he obtained the voluntary submission of Panticapaeum , the city where Mithridates was staying .	3
The bow of Heracles and the poisoned arrows were used by Philoctetes to slay Paris ; this was a requirement to the fall of Troy .	5
These showed various uses of a heraldic eagle .	1
Honorius immediately came into conflict with Emperor Henry V over imperial claims in Italy .	2
She turned professional in 2005 .	0
Guimard , considered the most audacious architect of the period , won the competition .	2
Much different in organization from the other brotherhoods is the Khatmiyyah ( or Mirghaniyah after the name of the order 's founder ) .	4
The walls of the city 's former dye factory are now those of the ( ESAD ) as well as those of the Faculty of Arts .	5
The company subsequently released the source code of Firefox Home 's underlying synchronization software .	2
" Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania	0
It is delivered every Wednesday and Saturday .	0
The head coach is Ron Rivera .	0
This sort of crazy , daring , wedding feeling " .	1
However , the attribution of this work to Petrarch may be incorrect .	2
The solipsist instead proposes that his / her own unconscious is the author of all seemingly " external " events from " reality " .	5
The newspaper restarted on 4 April 2011 .	0
Charlie Krank subsequently left the company .	0
The Blair School of Music confers the bachelor of music degree in music performance , in composition , and in integrated studies .	4
The Chagatayid princes including Mubarak Shah submitted to Kaidu and proclaimed him as their overlord .	2
He then criticized Diomedes for not making any positive proposal to replace Agamemnon 's opinion – a failure which Nestor ascribed to his youth .	5
Burnham 's decorations and badges include the following :	1
Its north facade is dominated by two main entrance doors .	1
Once home , she decides to steal the money and drive to Fairvale , California , where Sam lives .	3
" FK - 34 Brusno - Ondrej	0
He then set out against Corfinium , in central Italy , which was occupied by Lucius Domitius .	3
He is currently Professor emeritus at the Université de Nice Sophia-Antipolis .	1
This enabled a different style of telematic art than the point-to-point technologies to which other locations were limited in the 1970s and 1980s .	4
Like many American films of the time , " Straight Shooting " was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards .	4
With Pius X 's few surviving relatives , Roncalli celebrated a mass in his honor .	2
Gradually , inhabitants from the surrounding areas , including Mount Latmos , settled on the island and named it " Letois " in honour of Artemis .	5
This was completed in 1893 .	0
The village lies about north of Hexham .	0
Maerad is able to locate the Landrost 's attacks , and the bards of Innail are able to hold it back .	4
They followed this up with the debut album , " The Youth of Today " , released worldwide on 22 October 1982 .	4
Protein and starch competing for water within the pasta cause a constant change in structure as the pasta cooks .	3
By March 1990 , all but a small remnant of wing personnel had transferred operations to Channel Islands ANG Station .	4
It is semi-amplexicaul , with the lower wings being slightly expanded .	1
John Paul II said that an end to the Great Schism was one of his fondest wishes .	3
The following centers and affiliated researchers implement the institute programs :	1
Again , Green served as a circuit court judge from 1872 to 1888 .	2
" 2010 Cook Islands Member of Parliament reduction referendum	1
The new object was later precovered on photographs dating back to 19 March 1915 .	2
Most camels surviving today are domesticated .	0
The interior has a single large chamber , with tongue-and-groove wainscoting and wide oak flooring .	2
Through a mechanism called thixotropy , the resin changes to a fluid under constant pressure , allowing the armour to be moulded into curved shapes .	5
In 2013 it was granted endangered status .	0
Some people were evacuated to Tanforan and Bayhill Shopping Centers .	1
He was educated at Harvard College , receiving a B.A .	1
Ottobuono belonged to a feudal family of Liguria , the Fieschi , Counts of Lavagna .	2
Friedlander is credited as a writer for :	0
Piracy spread over the whole of the Mediterranean , making it unnavigable and closed to trade .	3
He studied Egyptology , Arabic Philology and African Languages at the University of Vienna and , for 1 year , at Cairo University .	4
In Rome there were rumours that Pompey would march his army against the city and establish a monarchy .	3
Her first serial story , " Rosalind Newcomb , " was published in " Harper 's Magazine " in 1859-60 .	4
The star-studded Eastern Suburbs line up had lost only 2 matches in the 22-game regular season and were clear starting favourites .	4
1984 Goodnight , Beantown ( TV Series ) ... Allison	1
POSTGRES used many of the ideas of Ingres , but not its code .	2
His doctor Gaspanini said afterwards : " The Holy Father did not die because of any specific illness .	3
She was an active in the Catholic Church in Ghana , especially the Accra Diocese .	2
These efforts would ultimately prove unsuccessful .	0
The quarter 's design was deprecated in the numismatic press .	1
She was known for her lyrical and elegant interpretations of the solo works of Chopin and Liszt , and of the Saint-Saëns Concertos .	4
Until then , a foal of Appaloosa parents that had insufficient color was often denied registration , although non-characteristic Appaloosas were allowed into the registry .	5
Around 83 % of APL patients had low complement 3 ( C3 ) levels and the presence of polyclonal immunoglobulin C3 nephritic factor .	4
One such deployment involved 50 personnel in Southwest Asia during the summer , as part of an Air Expeditionary Forces deployment .	4
While some conservative , Catholic politicians in Poland opposed EU membership , John Paul II said :	3
Although the 32nd has been decimated , Martin has returned , bearing the bad news that his group attacked the wrong target .	4
Pyridine is a colorless liquid that boils at 115.2 ° C and freezes at − 41.6 ° C .	3
In this capacity he had to negotiate the retirement of bishops who had collaborated with the German occupying power .	3
TransWorld SNOWboarding honored Seven Springs as the East Coast ’ s top terrain parks and North America ’ s number four halfpipe .	4
Calpurnius Bibulus subsequently retired from politics and Caesar had the acts of Pompey 's settlements in the east passed .	3
The couple would have three daughters and one son .	1
Many noteworthy Gothic buildings were erected and Vladislav Hall of the Prague Castle was added .	2
before transforming into Ditto once caught , and officially revealed on September 25 , 2018 .	2
Lee lost his seat at the election .	0
The sound of the knife entering flesh was created by plunging a knife into a casaba melon .	3
Cuisine dates back to the Antiquity .	0
There is a large number of Hindus in Alampur .	1
The Sixteenth Session adds : " To Theodore of Pharan , the heretic , anathema !	2
The entire length between Pittsburgh and US 220 and Interstate 99 just west of Altoona was widened to at least four lanes by summer 2011 .	5
Ullrich returned the following year and reclaimed the rainbow jersey , beating Britain 's David Millar by six seconds in Lisbon .	4
According to Plutarch , some advised him to drive Pompey away , and others to welcome him .	3
Numerous other theories were advanced to explain the assassination attempt , some of them controversial .	2
IPTV is television delivered to the home over the Internet .	1
21 Aircraft and Warning Squadron was renamed to No .	1
In North Africa , a food similar to pasta , known as couscous , has been eaten for centuries .	3
Pompey spent the rest of 76 BC recovering from the defeat and preparing for the coming campaign .	3
( Chung Chien ) Young ) in 1961 .	1
They can be between long and between 1 and 1.8 cm wide .	2
It was later moved to its current position after the new roadway was built and the old roadway was replaced with a walkway .	4
Nigardsøy was married and had two sons .	0
Gibor Basri of the University of California , Berkeley , mentioned that " no one [ has ] found any showstoppers to habitability " .	5
Syria , Iraq , and , Jordan rejected the Resolution .	1
Juan García ( born 12 April 1934 ) is a Spanish former sports shooter .	2
After the murder of Nate Champion the Sheriff of Johnson County hunted down the regulators at a ranch near Crazy Woman Creek .	4
The school encourages students to participate in competitions organised by other associations like the Lions Club and the Rotary Club .	4
Toufen has an area of .	0
Since he has to carry out Athena 's order , he orders Sthenelus to steal the horses while he faces Aphrodite ’ s son .	5
Ponton has had a lengthy acting career which includes roles in a variety of major French-Canadian television shows and movies .	4
14 June 1946 in Cuba and married to César Odio , former City Manager of the City of Miami ) and María Elena Prío-Tarrero ( b .	5
The building was on a small site , but offered an exceptional view of Paris .	2
Howlett died in 1858 , aged 27 .	0
This standard has been broadly implemented in Asia .	1
Hemorrhage ( profuse bleeding ) and formation of a hematoma ( bruise ) is slightly more common in jugular venous lines than in others .	5
By the end of his pontificate , Honorius had ended the conflict between Louis and his bishops .	3
The song has a religious background , and like several other songs on " Abriendo Puertas " , makes reference to Christmas .	4
They corresponded over the years , and grew to be good friends .	2
After the war , he advocated peace and reconciliation , including lenient policies towards former Axis and Axis-satellite nations .	3
Manuel Sánchez Arcas ( 1897 – 1970 ) was a Spanish Modernist architect .	2
Only Scipio Aemilianus had celebrated triumphs for victories in two continents ( in Africa and Hispania ) .	3
In 1986 , RIT founded the Chester F. Carlson Center for Imaging Science , and started its first doctoral program in Imaging Science in 1989 .	5
The district was named after 17th century explorer Henry Kelsey .	1
For Internet-facing applications , many standard formats and protocols such as MIME and HTTP are supported .	3
On 13 May 1956 , Pope Pius addressed all bishops of the Eastern Rite .	2
Then Kaidu and Duwa mobilized a large army to attack Karakorum the next year .	2
Help us to serve thee all our days .	1
However , McMackin struggled in 1897 .	0
He was the first pope since Pope Pius X to receive this honour .	2
Tupac ’ s stepbrother , Mopreme Shakur , later joined the group .	2
Gómez was born in a poor area of Las Monjas in San Juan , Puerto Rico , the son of Jacobo Gomez and Julia Rivera .	5
Lawrence Wright is an author .	0
Silk production was not so successful .	0
The simplest example of a coordinate system is the identification of points on a line with real numbers using the " number line " .	5
He was buried in the south transept next to the body of Callixtus II .	2
Josephus did write that Pompey marched on Nabataea , but did not mention the reason for this .	3
His regular position was as a forward .	0
De Mailly 's " account " was acknowledged by his companion Stephen of Bourbon .	2
" Come Alive ( Daniel Ash album )	0
St. Damasus sat in the Chair of St. Peter for eighteen years and two months .	2
He spent two weeks there recovering from a severe concussion and a shoulder injury .	2
Ohene lived in London for 19 years , after leaving Ghana in need of sanctuary .	2
The orbit is predicted to be anti-aligned to the clustered extreme trans-Neptunian objects .	2
Livorno eventually the playoffs winner .	0
Pope John Paul was alleged to have links with Banco Ambrosiano , an Italian bank that collapsed in 1982 .	3
1972 Alias Smith and Jones ( TV Series ) ... Ellie Alcott	1
The ship remained a training ship as part of Training Group Pacific until she was paid off by on 1 April 1994 .	4
The company recovered quickly and less than five years after the war had achieved an even stronger position than it occupied in 1914 .	4
In March 1806 Captain J .	0
In 2013 , Worachit went on a two-week trial with Thai-owned English club Leicester City .	2
As Cardinal Secretary of State , Pacelli signed concordats with a number of countries and states .	3
As the plaque indicates with an additional correction , the equation of time table does not correct for daylight saving time .	4
" Triangle ( The Beau Brummels album )	0
The generators are Vertical Sync-type and were manufactured by Westinghouse .	1
The Somme department is in the current region of Hauts-de-France and is surrounded by the departments of Pas-de-Calais , Nord , Aisne , Oise and Seine-Maritime .	5
Actor and Western Carolina University associate dean Steve Carlisle hosted " It 's All about Life , " a weekly program .	4
Today , Blender is free and open-source software largely developed by its community , alongside two full-time and two part-time employees employed by the Blender Institute .	5
Don 't Gimme That may refer to :	0
The plot is loosely based on the life of its star , otherwise known as Britain 's " Forces ' Sweetheart " .	4
Damasus , however , harbored some degree of suspicion against the great Cappadocian Doctor of the Church .	3
Taher was born to a wealthy Egyptian family from Upper Egypt .	1
Roberts did not sign the actual painting .	0
The dam is 167m tall .	0
To give , and not to count the cost ,	1
On 1 October 1995 , the 166th Airlift Group was renamed the 166th Airlift Wing and was gained by the Air Mobility Command .	4
On the choice of his papal name , Pope John XXIII said to the cardinals :	2
Didymiaceae is a family of plasmodial slime molds .	1
It is this religious sentiment that animates you and one can say that animates all of your compatriots .	3
Because of the electronegative nitrogen in the pyridine ring , the molecule is relatively electron deficient .	3
If activated to federal service , it is gained by the United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command .	4
If it exists , it remains undiscovered .	0
In fact , one is still in the Vatican Museums , another at the Musée du Louvre .	3
He discovered that the bullet had ripped through the man 's clothes and into a folded silk handkerchief in his breast pocket .	4
The facade remains Art Nouveau , but the interior was remodeled later to Art Deco .	2
IFK Härnösand became district champions of bandy in Västernorrland in 1913 .	1
The Sixth Form Centre opened in September , 2012 and accommodates students studying AS , A Level courses and BTEC courses .	4
Tice had expressed interest in hiring Dirk Koetter , who worked with Tice in Jacksonville , though Koetter would later be hired by the Atlanta Falcons .	5
Piracy spread from its original base in Cilicia ( on the southern coast of modern Turkey ) .	3
The Church cannot be isolated inside its temples just as men 's consciences cannot be isolated from God .	3
In November 2005 , Joyent merged with TextDrive .	1
Head - Sikilinda Vladimir Danilovich , Ph.D. , Professor	1
He died four months later .	0
along with the Luxembourg party and conservative factions of the Greek party .	2
Johnny McGovern ( born 1932 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team .	4
Teach me that duty is a friend and not an enemy ,	1
He was reelected in 1982 .	0
In one version , Phaedra 's nurse told Hippolytus of her love , and he swore he would not reveal her as a source of information .	5
The men posted on the rampart could not withstand the shower of javelins and left their positions .	3
Some prehistoric species attained enormous sizes , becoming as tall or as heavy as an adult human .	3
The Imaging Science department also offers the only Bachelors ( BS ) and Masters ( MS ) degree programs in imaging science in the country .	5
Dubček was expelled from the KSČ and given a job as a forestry official .	2
On 5 May 1945 , two days before Germany capitulated , an uprising against Germany occurred .	3
The pope ordered Rotta and other papal legates to hide and shelter Jews .	2
Islam made its deepest and longest lasting impact in Sudan through the activity of the Islamic religious brotherhoods or orders .	4
Official releases of Blender for Microsoft Windows , and Linux , as well as a port for FreeBSD , are available in both 32-bit and 64-bit versions .	5
The population of the village is around 7000 .	1
Colm was also offered a Scholarship position with Dublin Choral Foundation 's Lassus Scholars .	2
The landing gear nacelles were modified accordingly .	0
- " Hadi and Fadi " episodes - Egyptian satalite Channel	1
In 1912 , in connection with the Italo-Turkish War , the Italians occupied all the islands of the Dodecanese ( except Kastellorizo ) , including Patmos .	5
Depending on the analysis and dataset , a close relationship to Ciconiiformes or to Procellariiformes has been suggested .	3
Edward Mrkvicka is a lay minister and nationally known financial expert .	1
He can play in defence or midfield .	0
The terrible German bombing in 1940 which destroyed most of the city centre also hit the Jules-Ferry Road tram and totally destroyed the tram fleet .	5
Shortly after that Paris jumped up in joy for he managed to achieve a great feat by fixing Diomedes ' foot to the ground with an arrow .	5
The remote location also made moonshining quite lucrative .	1
" Runaway Baby " has received mixed reviews from music critics .	1
He remained there for several years as the papal legate , serving from October 1265 to July 1268 .	3
He turned to return to Bardufoss but his engine failed .	1
He was married to soprano Marie Haupt .	0
Some archaeologists who had conducted research on this temple were JG de Casparis , Theodoor van Erp , and Arisatya Yogaswara .	4
Unable to survive financially following the failure of the Portuguese venture , the company ceased trading on 9 September 1936 and entered receivership .	4
It was nonetheless a meagre enough value for him to conclude Pluto was not Planet X .	3
A folklore is a type of oral tradition , but knowledge other than folklore has been orally transmitted and thus preserved in human history .	5
When the war was raging , Pius spoke out very often to condemn the false race theory . "	3
Currently employed by ITV Granada .	0
Stained-glass windows are a prominent feature of the sanctuary .	1
It follows that the variable " y " is inversely proportional to the variable " x " if there exists a non-zero constant " k " such that	5
It also has efficacy against the rarer BRAF V600K mutation .	1
He became a priest at St. Clement 's Basilica on the Caelian Hill .	2
He was released by Newport on 10 May 2016 at the end of his contract .	2
Mollari commented that this attitude was both arrogant and stupid however he did give all information that the Centauri held about the Minbari .	4
While witnessing impiety , let us remember to be Reverent .	1
The surname may refer to :	0
Cumbria Fire and Rescue Service is the statutory fire and rescue service for the Shire county of Cumbria , England .	4
It occurs at moderate depths in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea and is also known from the Indian Ocean .	4
Thus began a fruitful , though largely epistolary , collaboration between the two men , Joule conducting experiments , Thomson analysing the results and suggesting further experiments .	5
In 2004 , they made news by signing a pledge to allow all the workers that sew their line of clothing in Bangladesh full maternity leave .	5
Hem refuses to let Saliman die and tries to heal him himself , with the help of Saliman 's Truename .	4
The church 's current brick building was completed in 1913 .	1
Giovanni Boccaccio wrote about her in " De Mulieribus Claris " ( 1353 ) .	2
The Cubs have multiple rivalries .	0
Pompey sent a messenger to announce his arrival to the king and to ask his aid .	3
A two-part iron fire door closed the stage from the sides .	1
The city required that a competition be held , which was won by Victor Laloux .	2
Stac may refer to :	0
Damian Marley joins him on the reggae jam " .	1
The environment a Pokémon would live in is taken into account when they are designed .	2
The encyclical " Divino afflante Spiritu " opened the doors for biblical research .	2
Craigville is an unincorporated community in Koochiching County , Minnesota , United States ; located within the Koochiching State Forest .	4
Gratian made Paulinus suffect consul at Rome , and appointed him governor of the southern Italian province of Campania .	3
Staying true to Kropotkin 's principle of mutual aid , the paper regularly featured reviews of other anarchist and libertarian publications , such as " Organise ! "	5
The stage measured , enough for six set changes .	1
Joshua Klein of " The A.V .	0
Ajeyudu ( ) is a 1987 Tollywood film , directed by G. Ram Mohan Rao and produced by S. Venkataratnam under Sri Pallavi Films .	5
On 7 October 855 , Benedict III issued a charter for the Abbey of Corvey .	2
It also did not have an LCD for picture display .	1
During this period 242 Squadron moved to RAF Duxford as part of the Duxford Wing , 12 Group 's Big Wing formation .	4
" Sir William Gore , 3rd Baronet	0
About 22 % of patients developed membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis ( MPGN ) after a median of about 8 years following the onset of lipodystrophy .	4
The author Jules Verne lived in Amiens from 1871 until his death in 1905 , and served on the city council for 15 years .	5
The decoration around the throne was originally designed in 1804 by Jacob-Desmalter for the Palace of Saint-Cloud , and the throne itself came from the Tuileries Palace .	5
She was born in Hammersmith .	0
In the Central Nervous System , sulfatide , sulfated glycoproteins , and sulfated mucopolysaccharides appear to be associated with neurons rather than myelin .	4
Later , in Greek and Roman literature and in the Christian fathers such as Clement of Alexandria , the story of Cinyras is elaborated .	5
After mixing semolina flour with warm water the dough is kneaded mechanically until it becomes firm and dry .	3
Bernard died soon after the show closed .	0
The winters are relatively cold with average temperatures at about freezing point , and with very little sunshine .	3
( These men are better-known for their formulation of the Dulong – Petit law concerning the molar specific heat capacity of a crystal . )	5
Amiens comprises a number of neighbourhoods ( " quartiers " in French ) with their own characteristics , including Saint-Leu , St-Maurice , Henriville , and Saint-Acheul .	5
Most notably , the resort eliminated the use of diesel compressors involved in their snowmaking procedures by replacing them with electric compressors .	4
According to scholia on the " Odyssey " , Arcesius ' parents were Zeus and Euryodeia ; Ovid also writes of Arcesius as a son of Zeus .	5
The Allies had originally intended the Somme to be the site of one of several simultaneous major offensives by Allied powers against the Central Powers in 1916 .	5
Pompey and Caesar then contended for the leadership of the Roman state , leading to a civil war .	3
Due to its proximity to Monterey Bay , fog and low overcast are common during the night and morning hours , especially in the summer .	5
The effective literacy rate ( i.e .	0
During the season , the Dolphins extended the contract of punter Brandon Fields , to four years worth $ 13 million , on August 4 , 2012 .	5
This and other toilet-like chairs were used in the consecration of Pope Pascal II in 1099 .	3
In his place I find a Diocletian , whose threats , however , terrify me not . "	3
" Criminal Minds " mentioned him in the 2007 episode " Ashes and Dust " , a drama about another serial arsonist .	4
PostgreSQL supports full serializability via the serializable snapshot isolation ( SSI ) technique .	2
In the mean time his grave is being given protection to prevent any tampering .	2
This made the steam inside it condense , creating a partial vacuum , and atmospheric pressure pushed water up the downpipe until the vessel was full .	5
Major renovations took place in 1932 .	0
The Flytown Soul Revue is a local band from city .	1
and Elnora " Ella " Jackson ( 1860 – 1906 ) .	1
Ministry of Religious Affairs is an Indonesian ministry that administers religious affairs .	2
Salimbene , the chronicler of Parma , asserted that Honorius IV was a foe to the religious orders .	3
PyPy is a fast , compliant interpreter of Python 2.7 and 3.5 .	2
Michał & Janja were eliminetaed .	0
Aside from her solo releases , Stone was often teamed with Col Joye in duets for singles , extended plays and albums .	4
As her parents slept mere feet away , she was stabbed a dozen times with a double-edged knife .	3
Many of its students now have multiple disabilities , while the residential facilities were phased out over the 1990s and 2000s .	4
Version 13.0 , released in May 2018 , introduced dark mode , tab search .	2
Van Nuys will also become the southern terminus of the East San Fernando Valley Transit Corridor light rail line by 2027 with construction starting in 2021 .	5
Pyridine is added to ethanol to make it unsuitable for drinking ( see denatured alcohol ) .	3
Gorbachev once said " The collapse of the Iron Curtain would have been impossible without John Paul II . "	3
In Greek mythology , Andromache ( ; , " Andromákhē " ) was the wife of Hector , daughter of Eetion , and sister to Podes .	5
After the development of distinct schools of Indian philosophy , Advaita Vedanta and Samkhya schools are thought to have originated concepts similar to solipsism .	5
One early study showed that in the developing rat optic nerves , formation of oligodendrocytes and subsequent myelination occurs postnatal .	4
They were thus absolved of any blame .	0
They are characterized by hairy yellow ornamental head feathers ; their bills are at least partly red .	3
The main peace negotiations took place in Westphalia , in the neighboring cities of Münster and Osnabrück .	3
Vijay Chatterjee , a lonely widower is a successful restaurateur in Montreal .	2
This means that for every two orbits a plutino makes , Neptune orbits three times .	2
It is one of the parameters specifying a Pareto distribution and embodies the Pareto principle .	2
Both Noqai and Todemongke made peace with the Ilkhan Ahmad Teguder as well .	2
The north-east coast drainage division or north-east coast basin is the area of Queensland between the Great Dividing Range and the Pacific Ocean .	4
The major producers of pyridine include Evonik Industries , Rütgers Chemicals , Imperial Chemical Industries , and Koei Chemical .	3
The Scathe View system disseminates intelligence data and information directly to ground forces in real time via on-board voice and data communications suites .	4
Parmer served as an assistant coach for the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team under DeWitt Weaver during the 1960 season .	4
It was during this time that he became more sympathetic to leftists in El Salvador , and he considers himself to be center-left .	4
Hezekiah 's son George ( 1844-1919 ) was born and raised here .	2
The Aluminium diacetate is used as an antiseptic and astringent .	1
" USS William J. Pattison ( APD-104 )	0
The Ponseti 's technique is painless , fast , cost-effective and successful in almost 100 % of all congenital clubfoot cases .	4
Most dried pasta is produced commercially via an extrusion process , although it can be produced at home .	3
Village has a main tola , i.e. , the Brahman tola .	1
Cumbria Fire and Rescue Service has split Cumbria into three areas , each containing two of the county 's districts , they are :	4
In 1962 , it was restored by the army .	1
The name " Blender " was inspired by a song by Yello , from the album " Baby " which NeoGeo used in its showreel .	5
However , a letter from Pompey announced that he had brought the war to an end without a battle .	3
During the 1980s , the 157th continued to participate in Strategic Air Command exercises like Global Shield and Giant Voice .	4
Turnout was estimated at about 42 % .	0
At the Route 18 interchange , Route 27 becomes state-maintained again , crossing the Raritan River on the Albany Street Bridge into Highland Park .	5
Public internet stations were installed in 1995 .	0
Development started in early 1993 .	0
For example , those trying to support or refute Crowne 's hypothesis found the " Hero on the Beach " formula in numerous Old English poems .	5
About 60 % of melanomas have this mutation .	1
For example , one concern was that the torrents of charged particles from the star 's flares could strip the atmosphere off any nearby planet .	5
The 157th TAG crew won the preliminary competition at Fort Campbell , earning the right to represent the ANG in further competition .	4
He died in Venice in 1651 .	0
The Jewish district , called Josefov , was included only in 1850 .	2
After his service in the Army , he returned to Decatur where he built a reputation as a gifted guitar player .	4
Material from the highly erodible Southern Alps is removed via weathering ; then carried across the Canterbury Plains by various braided rivers to the east coast beaches .	5
It was located at the opposite end of Champ-de-Mars from the Eiffel Tower .	2
Ruwaished is a town in the far east of Jordan .	1
It was torn down sometime between 1890 and 1900 .	1
Data wiring has two components , these are :	1
Ferguson attended high school at Norwood .	0
It was founded in 1897 .	0
NGC 94 ( PGC 1423 ) is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Andromeda .	2
After the regular 12 years of study , Adrian became a Doctor of Theology in 1491 .	3
First , every time water was admitted to the working vessel much of the heat was wasted in warming up the water that was being pumped .	5
On 1 August 1987 , the 156th Tactical Fighter Group reorganized into a Four-Deputy structure according to the new Air National Guard policy .	4
Anastatius says , that the number of his miracles procured him the title of Thaumaturgus .	2
Sweden preferred to negotiate with the Holy Roman Empire in Osnabrück , controlled by the Protestant forces .	3
He had previously been mayor of Lumsden .	0
Soviet ambassador Jacob Malik insisted the Warsaw Pact actions were " fraternal assistance " against " antisocial forces " .	3
With air transportation recognized as a critical wartime need , the squadron was re-designated the 128th Air Transport Squadron ( Heavy ) .	4
Delphyne and Echidna , besides both being intimately connected to Typhon — one as mother , the other as mate — share other similarities .	5
Till then , his egyptological research activities were evenly distributed between the museum ( catalogues , epigraphic publications , etc . )	4
The building was completed and dedicated in 1882 .	1
Others arrived in the western hemisphere when spotted horses went out of style in late 18th-century Europe , and were shipped to Mexico , California and Oregon .	5
The building currently houses a small Pentecostal congregation .	1
When a multi-component mixture is distilled , the overhead fraction and the bottoms fraction typically contain much more than one or two components .	4
Single Screen video games became popular in the early 1970s with Pong .	2
" Porpoise " was one of five builder 's specials ordered from Thornycroft of Southampton .	2
Following this absence from music , Rumsey returned to the Los Angeles jazz scene to form the group the Lighthouse All-Stars .	4
It has been suggested that the taboo of incest marks the difference between culture and nature and that Ovid 's version of Myrrha showed this .	5
The Harpies , in Hesiod the daughters of Thaumas and the Oceanid Electra , in one source , are said to be the daughters of Typhon .	5
The nearest public airport of any kind is Watsonville Municipal Airport , about eight miles to the southeast , which serves general aviation users .	5
Equipped with eight C-97 aircraft and manned with 675 guardsmen , the unit would stay at Grenier Field during the crisis .	4
As a result , the Bears became the first team since the 1996 Washington Redskins to start the season 7 – 1 and miss the playoffs .	5
( 4 ) Utah Jazz vs. ( 5 ) Houston Rockets	1
Wood won the mile event at the AAA Championships in 1956 and 1959 .	2
They are said to have met in Vienna in 1787 , and Beethoven is said to have had a few lessons from Mozart .	4
Racing Hall of Fame inductee Bimelech .	0
Route 27 was part of the alignment through New Jersey of the Lincoln Highway , the United States ' first transcontinental highway that was established in 1913 .	5
1975 Medical Story ( TV Series ) ... Hope	1
At this time , anti-semitic laws were in the process of being formulated in Hungary .	2
These stories were authored by Josh Reynolds .	0
Farkash was born in Budapest , Hungary , in 1923 .	1
On August 19 , Worachit started his first Chonburi match against Buriram United .	2
Historically the first mention of Beynac dates to 1115 when Maynard de Beynac made a gift to the sisters at Fontevrault Abbey .	4
It was modeled after Romanesque and Byzantine cathedrals of the early Middle Ages .	2
It is located near the Historic Natchez Trace Parkway in western Lauderdale County , Alabama approximately 16 miles west of Florence .	4
In 2004 he won the Doeberl Cup with 6 / 7 ahead of Ian Rogers , David Smerdon , Johansen and Gary Lane .	4
Traditional motifs were largely heraldic , especially heraldic beasts , and typically featured symmetrically arranged pairs of animals and birds surrounded by ornate filigree borders .	5
Some of Goodkind 's political views have provoked controversy , notably the dedication to his novel " The Pillars of Creation " ( 2001 ) :	5
Thus , Caesar brought into being this alliance between these three men , which historians call the First Triumvirate .	3
The village is located on the B3212 road between Yelverton and Two Bridges and is surrounded by moorland .	3
Some traditionalist Catholics opposed his beatification and canonisation for his views on liturgy and participation in prayer with non-Christians .	3
Tenorio subsequently changed his mind , resulting in a three-way race .	1
Besides the team 's divisional opponents , the Bears played the AFC South , NFC West , along with the Dallas Cowboys and Carolina Panthers .	5
He played 55 games in the NHL , finishing with a 7 – 28 – 10 record and one shutout .	4
Underway for the Ryūkyūs on the 18th , " Beckham " joined convoy WOK-49 and reached Okinawa 's Hagushi beaches on 22 August .	4
He focused on creating original literary work during his first dozen years as a priest .	2
Poornachandrika is a raga in Carnatic music , classical music of South India .	2
In the mid-2000s , penguins became one of the most publicized species of animals that form lasting homosexual couples .	3
Durability is the main advantage of metal furniture .	1
In 1964 he joined Mapai .	0
His funeral procession into Rome was the largest congregation of Romans as of that date .	2
In 2008 , the Olsen twins co-authored , " Influence " , a book featuring interviews with fashion designers that have inspired the twins ' fashion lines .	5
Romanesque Revival elements are prominent in its design .	1
But just as the war seemed decided in the allies ' favour , things started to go wrong .	3
He played 18 times for the Dragons as they finished in 11th position .	2
They were used without a fingerboard , no Greek description or representation having ever been met with that can be construed as referring to one .	5
Miku was originally intended to have a different hairstyle , but Kei stuck to pigtails or bunches after trying them out .	4
It is holy land of Malhar Rao Holkar and Ahilyabai Holkar .	1
Mars ' performance was dedicated to the soon deceased Whitney Houston .	1
In the 1953 New Jersey state highway renumbering , the southern terminus of Route 27 was cut back to Princeton to avoid the U.S. Route 206 concurrency .	5
" Marry You " received generally positive reviews from music critics .	1
Pius XII asks for prayer for better understanding and unification of the Churches .	2
It also had a color LCD for picture review .	1
Tortoises can be seen throughout the island .	0
In May he sailed for Newfoundland .	0
Each iteration of the series has brought about praise and criticism over the numerous creatures .	2
Jones was 3rd in the league with a .435 on-base percentage .	1
- 827 m ( 2712 ft ) in total	1
Gómez wanted either a rematch with Nelson or a shot at WBA and Lineal Junior Lightweight world champion Rocky Lockridge of New Jersey , whichever came first .	5
Carper defeated Roth by over ten points .	0
For every 100 females , there were 120.5 males .	1
Their divorce was finalized in November of the same year .	1
One night , she went to see a clergyman ( Akbar Abdi ) .	2
The building is now used for annual homecomings .	1
It was reissued in hardcover by Books for Libraries in 1971 , and in hardcover and paperback by Wildside Press in February 2008 .	4
Their sole loss was on the final day of the season against Purdue .	2
João Martins is the name of :	0
Double Dealing may refer to :	0
He was released on August 28 .	0
The Thurber Village Shopping Center was constructed next to these towers .	1
A new interchange station for the bus in the direction of the airport is now the station Nádraží Veleslavín .	3
She responds by offering him a special vision to distinguish gods from men and asks him to wound Aphrodite if she ever comes to battle .	5
The official French titles are given below :	0
The mailing list python-dev is the primary forum for the language 's development .	2
This includes the Eastern and Western Baptist Conventions and the Assemblies of God denomination which are the largest Protestant denominations on the island .	4
This is probably because penguins have no land predators in Antarctica or the nearby offshore islands .	3
The larvae feed on " Isachne distichophylla " .	1
This is planned for release in 2016 .	0
One curial prelate referred to Roncalli as an " old fogey " while speaking with a journalist .	3
A reference to " Presbyter Mercurius " is found on a fragment of an ancient ciborium .	3
An English voicebank for Hatsune Miku was announced in 2011 and was to be released by the end of 2012 .	4
Between 1772 and 1774 , a small organ made by François-Henri Cilquot was installed on the left side of the chapel , near the altar .	5
In the early 1990s , its observance appeared to be widespread , especially in urban areas and among sedentary Sudanese Muslims .	4
" Thunder " was listed on the national youth radio Triple J audience poll , Hottest 100 of 1996 , at No .	4
He married in 1962 after graduating from pharmacy school .	1
After he was consecrated , he introduced his family to Pope Pius XI .	2
However , economic integration also presented dangers .	0
On 7 April 1994 , he hosted the " Papal Concert to Commemorate the Holocaust " .	3
Thus , the driver on US 50 driving into Loudoun first comes across SR 609 ( Fairfax County ) ( Pleasant Valley Rd .	4
Built in 1826 , it is a high-quality example of Federal architecture executed in brick .	2
Other facilities will also be redeveloped .	0
He abandoned the pursuit and proceeded to Šolta .	1
The course was long and featured 13 turns .	1
Tombaugh worked there from 1929 to 1945 .	0
He found the tune to be " reggae-tinged jam " .	1
Notable organizations and products that use PostgreSQL as the primary database include :	2
the act of grabbing a child away from traffic .	1
Despite the impression given by its short title , the " Bibliography " was an attempt to integrate other legal works into the Anglo-American tradition .	5
In December 1967 , he joined Southampton as an associate schoolboy , signing as an apprentice in October 1969 and as a professional in July 1970 .	5
Patañjali 's writings also elaborate some principles of morphology ( " prakriyā " ) .	2
Even dead toads have value .	0
He played college football at South Carolina .	0
The boy was identified , however , as Cupid in glosses , a syncresis that had already resulted in the figure of Harpocratic Cupid .	5
He left the NJCST board in 1990 .	0
Others have suggested that he chose this early appearance in the film in order to avoid distracting the audience .	3
Pyridine is used as a precursor to agrochemicals and pharmaceuticals and is also an important solvent and reagent .	3
Zhao became the youngest Australian international master at the age of 14 , and was a member of the NSW Junior Chess League .	4
The affected foot is abducted ( externally rotated ) to 70 ° with the unaffected foot set at 45 ° of abduction .	4
He was Archdeacon of Vermoim ( Vermuy ) in the Archdiocese of Braga .	2
Prior to surgery , cast the foot in a long leg cast for a few weeks to regain the correction .	4
Buff Bohlen was born in Boston on September 29 , 1927 .	1
In return , Croatian coastal artillery engaged the Kaštela TG .	1
In the initial counting week of May , it reached number six on the Oricon charts , with sales of 83,740 copies .	4
Park Hoskyn - The Hayman Reserve	0
Some victims had perforated eardrums .	0
Sullivan was born in Chippewa Falls , Wisconsin in 1927 .	1
During his private meeting with Stroessner , John Paul II told the dictator :	2
Cox 's most important publications include :	0
1971 Ironside ( TV Series ) ... Sue Broderick	1
On the death of Meletius he sought to secure the succession for Paulinus and to exclude Flavian .	3
Fosbury House is a Grade II listed house in Fosbury , Wiltshire , England .	2
For more modern pieces the pattern was constructed carefully on a paper grid in much the same way as counted cross-stitch patterns are created .	5
Members of the 182d TASG provided relief assistance during state active duty for the Canton tornado disaster in July 1975 .	4
Lord 's cafe closed in 2014 and did not re-open ( as Jayne 's Cafe ) until 2017 .	3
He was allied with the Long faction in state politics .	1
However , sceptics argued that the orbits of the comets involved were still too uncertain to produce meaningful results .	3
Some were branded as " Digital Science " .	1
While striving to become the best warrior and attain honor and glory , he does not succumb to the madness which ' menos ' might entail .	5
The use of the word " complex " is used to refer to the large group of visible patterns that may occur when LP is present .	5
In Elizabeth , Route 27 narrows to two lanes and becomes Rahway Avenue , crossing Route 439 and continuing to the northeast through residential and commercial areas .	5
Almost one-half of the national income from tourism is spent in Prague .	2
As such , it is equivalent to a statement that the heat transfer coefficient , which mediates between heat losses and temperature differences , is a constant .	5
" April 2009 Moldovan parliamentary election	0
The drive begins on Polk St. opposite San Francisco City Hall .	1
Caesar gave them 250 drachmas and sent them to Rome , together with a legion of his own .	3
He also made a confession for the Church of the sin of anti-semitism through the centuries .	3
He won several naval victories off Cilicia and occupied the coasts of nearby Lycia and Pamphylia .	3
He then made a sortie , passed through the enemy lines and joined his new force .	3
In 1963 he was assigned to The Pentagon .	1
Those dialects , though , were influenced by the Pomeranian language ( Slavic ) .	2
Like most of Moore 's work completed after 1954 , this was a modeled sculpture instead of a direct carving .	4
The 158th received seven new C-130H Hercules aircraft directly from the Lockheed Factory manufactured for the unit during September and October 1981 .	4
She died at the age of 90 .	0
The audience burst into a new round of acclaim .	1
In this role , it was tasked with providing Forward Air Controllers to direct air strikes in support of troops on the ground .	4
The school offers good facilities to students in both academics and extra-curricular activities .	2
In the next few days he pushed his lines closer to the hill where Pompey 's camp was .	3
The Appaloosa Project , a genetic study group , has researched the interactions of Appaloosa and pinto genes and how they affect each other .	5
In 1963 , John XXIII established a commission of six non-theologians to investigate questions of birth control .	3
The simplest examples are the three benzenediols , each having two hydroxy groups on a benzene ring .	3
References of colonial surnames the Jemima Condict Diary ( 1772-1779 ) , and references to Jemima 's New Jersey family history :	4
RIT is a member of the Rochester Area College consortium which allows students to register at other colleges in the Rochester metropolitan area without tuition charges .	5
It is also capable of updating itself .	0
In 2001 Alva was among a legion of star players of Universitario that demanded a much higher salary and left for other teams .	4
But if I lay my hands on you and take your life , you will never be a nuisance to the Argives again . "	5
He later became a patron of The Solti Foundation .	1
Zion Church may have first met in 1829 .	1
Japan 's leaders wrestled with the decision to surrender , and " Bland " completed her voyage , reaching Saipan on 14 August .	4
The petiole is 7 to 10 cm long and winged .	1
Big Syke died on December 5 , 2016 , 20 years after Shakur 's death .	2
The project was funded by the government of Abu-Dhabi , and in exchange the theater was renamed for Sheik Khalifa Bin Zayed al Nahyan .	5
Its speakers over the years have included :	0
It bears a distinct midline and two distinct lateral veins .	1
Instead of having Sam explain Norman 's pathology to Lila , the film uses a psychiatrist .	3
According to some , Diomedes ruled Argos for more than five years and brought much wealth and stability to the city during his time .	5
Six single stars , two binary star systems , and a triple star share a common motion through space with Proxima Centauri and the Alpha Centauri system .	5
With air transportation recognized as a critical wartime need , the 146th was re-designated the 146th Air Transport Wing ( Heavy ) .	4
Roma was married to David Trompeter , industrialist and inventor .	1
The church building itself has three sections .	0
The regression lasted from 2 to 18 months .	1
The southern German force withdrew following an exchange of gunfire with the destroyer .	2
The Gothic revival architecture has been largely unaltered since that time .	1
( Inflation in Prague was 0.5 % in December , compared with 0.1 % nationally . )	3
A garage is attached to the north .	0
Fred Simon ( born Frederick Victor Simon ) is an American pianist and composer .	2
degrees from the University of Rochester .	0
Galeazzi-Lisi asserted that the new process would " preserve the body indefinitely in its natural state " .	3
Teach is an Irish language term .	0
Speaker cable is figure eight multi-strand copper cable .	1
Savery had devised a " fire engine " , a kind of thermic syphon , in which steam was admitted to an empty container and then condensed .	5
He was the first cardinal Secretary of State to be elected pope since Clement IX in 1667 .	3
After finishing his military service in Police FC , He joined Pohang Steelers .	2
He was president of the International Society for Twin Studies from 1980 – 1983 .	2
Although the two were reconciled , the campaign lost some of its momentum .	2
In round three , the Bears drafted Oregon State safety Brandon Hardin 79th overall , despite missing the entire 2011 college football season with a shoulder injury .	5
They often played violin duets together .	0
Curio advised him to assemble his whole army and march on Rome , but Caesar decided to negotiate .	3
Philip and his friends flee .	0
University of St Andrews - the oldest rugby club in Fife - play in the British Universities & Colleges Sport ( BUCS ) system .	5
As FAME contains low levels of sulfur , the emissions of sulfur oxides and sulfates , major components of acid rain , are low .	5
Adding a column in the parent table will cause that column to appear in the child table .	3
The flowers are white to pale lilac .	0
Jan Hus , a theologian and rector at the Charles University , preached in Prague .	2
He later signed as a free agent with the Buffalo Bills .	1
Outdoor Track & Field , and	0
The sheriff concludes that Arbogast lied to Sam and Lila so he could pursue Marion and the money .	3
Hector , seeing that they had turned back from battle , called Diomedes a " woman and a coward " and promised to slay him personally .	5
They fell in against themselves , however .	0
An FM radio station run by students at RIT , WITR 89.7 broadcasts various music genres , RIT athletic events , and several talk radio programs .	5
Reagan 's correspondence with the pope reveals " a continuous scurrying to shore up Vatican support for U.S. policies .	3
Thanks to the considerable economies of scale Paxton was able to exploit , the manufacture and assembly of the building parts was exceedingly quick and cheap .	5
They endorse contestants in motorcycle racing .	0
The list also includes various U.S .	0
The march " March Shulkawi No 1 " , is an example , set to the sounds of the Shilluk .	4
She never realized until she first watched the film " how vulnerable and defenseless one is " .	3
When his father died , Pompey was put on trial due to accusations that his father stole public property .	3
Bob Preedy formerly broadcast on BBC Radio London , Radio Tees , Pennine Radio , Radio Hallam and Radio Aire .	4
In the oval court , they transformed the loggia planned by Francois into a " Salle des Fétes " or grand ballroom with a coffered ceiling .	5
Usually metal furniture is made from either steel or aluminum .	1
The CHU of Amiens figured in 11th place in the " 2013 awards of the hospitals and clinics " of the magazine " Le Point " .	5
The largest Stalin Monument was unveiled on Letná hill in 1955 and destroyed in 1962 .	2
During this period , the unit airlifted more than 35,660 tons of cargo in support of the Global War on Terror .	4
Eastern Christians , including Eastern Orthodox and the Eastern Catholic Churches , commemorate him on 20 February .	3
The assassination was supposed to divert attention from the next phase of the operation .	2
Internally , the process of disintegration started .	0
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register .	2
The city , which had remained within the confines of the Roman walls , began to expand outside these walls in the 13th century .	5
This award is given annually to the Air National Guard unit which meets or exceeds the criteria from the National Guard Bureau .	4
Myrrh in the Bible is referenced as one of the most desirable fragrances , and though mentioned alongside frankincense it is usually more expensive .	5
Fewer than 30-40 Chase trucks are still in existence today .	1
Without warning , East Berliners had been denied passage rights to the western part of the city by their own soldiers .	4
David 's son Alexander was created Earl of Balcarres in 1651 .	1
AACPP even sends out leaflets in Braille .	0
Fjord Line currently operates four vessels .	0
It contains six MW generators for an installed capacity of .	1
There is a wide range of body types within the breed , stemming from the influence of multiple breeds of horses throughout its history .	5
Tombaugh decided to image the entire zodiac , rather than focus on those regions suggested by Lowell .	3
Esri promotes Python as the best choice for writing scripts in ArcGIS .	2
During the Secone Empire , painted panels imitating the style of the 17th century were added above the mirrors and between the mirrors and the doors .	5
He is currently manager of Scottish junior side Carnoustie Panmure .	1
One of the main disadvantages of programming in a low level language is that when an error occurs , the code is not as easy to fix .	5
On 13 January 1964 , Pope Paul VI appointed him Archbishop of Kraków .	2
Stanford 's work has been criticised as " credulous " by one mainstream historian .	2
Then she and Hem join their musical objects and Maerad begins to sing the Treesong finally , destroying Sharma once and for all .	4
Joseph Paxton was first and foremost a gardener , and his layout of gardens , fountains , terraces and cascades left no doubt as to his ability .	5
Technically , a human invasion of an alien species is also an alien invasion , as from the viewpoint of the aliens , humans are the aliens .	5
Many of the works of Rosso , Primaticcio and dell 'Abate have not survived ; parts of the Chateau were remodelled at various dates .	5
The first Babylonian " Amoraim " were Abba Arika , respectfully referred to as " Rav " , and his contemporary and frequent debate partner , Shmuel .	5
The regiment fought during the Algerian War .	0
" First Presbyterian Church Manse ( Clarksville , Tennessee )	1
Tregonetha Downs , near Goss Moor	0
She sold on that day .	0
The trail passes by several lakes .	0
" Original Church of God ( Pulaski , Tennessee )	1
Before , during , and after the Second World War , he constantly preached the message of peace .	3
During their fight , Zeus sent a shower of bloody raindrops over the Trojans ' heads expressing the grief for the impending death of his son .	5
Since the aircraft was quite low on its wheels , it was often derisively called the ventre-à-terre ( belly to the ground ) .	4
He also competed in the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich , Germany , getting eliminated by an Egyptian rival in the Olympic 's first round of bouts .	5
The leaves of " Acanthus ebracteatus " , noted for their antioxidant properties , are used for making Thai herbal tea in Thailand and Indonesia .	5
Reaching Apra Harbor on the 13th , she embarked casualties from the invasion of Iwo Jima before heading to Hawaii alone .	4
( Three were adjacent to the lower-frequency intercity train system , however . )	2
Hatsune Miku teamed up with designer Louis Vuitton and director Toshiki Okada for a Vocaloid opera , titled " The End " .	4
Peter was born and raised in Alexandria .	0
It is up to 40 cm long by 9 cm wide .	1
Antecedent barrier conditions are the permeability , volume and height of the barrier as well as the width and presence of previous outlet channels .	5
PostgreSQL is developed by the PostgreSQL Global Development Group , a diverse group of many companies and individual contributors .	3
The cane toad is an old species .	0
At the meeting , the Czechoslovak ambassador Jan Muzik denounced the invasion .	2
11 on Canada 's " RPM " Singles Chart .	1
In 1965 , the Romanian Academy awarded him its Mihail Eminescu Prize .	2
All the Trojans believe this story , except Laocoön who , along with his two sons , is promptly attacked by a giant sea serpent .	5
Delicate sauces are preferred for fresh pasta in order to let the pasta take front stage .	3
At present a trust is looking after the Chhatri .	1
1980 Kenny Rogers as The Gambler ( TV Movie ) ... Eliza	1
A beaten man , Myrrha persuaded Sardanapalus to place himself on a funeral pyre which she would ignite and subsequently leap onto - burning them both alive .	5
He appeared on several recordings with musicians including Lou Donaldson , Sonny Stitt , Leon Spencer and Johnny Hammond Smith .	4
From 1978 to 1996 , Schrager was married to Aliza Gur .	1
Commercially , however , the song was a failure as it didn 't manage to chart in any record chart apart from Romania .	4
The encyclical " Divino afflante Spiritu " , published in 1943 , emphasized the role of the Bible .	3
Emma cannot escape the locked door .	0
He believed that in order for solar power to catch on as a mainstream technology , things would have to change .	4
organized summer camps for children .	0
Dimethyl ether , DME , is a synthetic , gaseous diesel fuel that results in clean combustion with very little soot and reduced NOx emissions .	5
It was a major revision of the language that is not completely backward-compatible .	2
He then he fled to the Pontic Chersonesus , burning the ships to prevent Mithridates from pursuing him .	3
No one can prove conclusively that he was a primary cause of the end of communism .	3
The Competitiveness Council may refer to	0
It is 100 km from Gwalior and 60 km from Datia .	1
Josef Roušar was elected its secretary .	0
Population was expanded by infusions of Byzantine immigrants fleeing the Fall of Constantinople in 1453 , and Cretan immigrants fleeing the fall of Candia in 1669 .	5
Small windows are located in the clerestory .	0
The following communities are located in this municipality :	1
" This unique , exciting prospect bears no limits to what can be achieved .	2
It has numerous bourgeois houses and townhouses , predominantly in brick , blending architectural styles of the period , including neoclassical , troubadour and neo-Gothic .	5
Italian regulations recognise three categories of commercially manufactured dried pasta as well as manufactured fresh and stabilized pasta :	3
Thus , the Pompeian camp proved to be inadequate to respond the obstructionism of the optimates .	3
Among these species is a glitch dubbed MissingNo . , which became highly notorious .	2
It is the largest community in the Black Dirt Region , which is famous for its " black dirt onions . "	4
" The Road to the Wall	0
They are only distantly related to the penguins , but are an example of convergent evolution .	3
Head - Bagmet Alexander Danilovich , Ph.D. , Professor	1
The Indians struggled during the 2008 season .	0
block for the CW Network .	0
PostgreSQL provides an asynchronous messaging system that is accessed through the NOTIFY , LISTEN and UNLISTEN commands .	3
They are up to 30 cm high and 8 cm wide .	1
Funes won the 2009 presidential election with 51.32 % of the popular vote , thus winning election in a single round .	4
The larvae feed on " Carex wahuensis " .	1
Lions coach George Wilson agreed : " If he had given himself a chance , Doc would be among the all-time greats .	4
While in Chile , Pope John Paul II made gestures of public support of Chile 's anti-Pinochet democratic opposition .	3
One bomber was lost in the raid .	0
The new proposal is being developed to take account of concerns expressed about a previous scheme which was withdrawn from planning in 2009 .	4
Auriol also awarded Roncalli three months later with the award of Commander of the Legion of Honour .	3
de Gasperi rejected the idea as politically dangerous to the long term fortunes of a centrist Catholic party .	3
Reed was so impressed with Hunter 's arrangement and performance on that song that he recruited Hunter to join his band .	4
The dwarf planet Pluto is the largest member and namesake of this group .	2
Mars sung " The Lazy Song " enomerous times .	1
By 1775 about 600 Newcomen engines had been built , although many of these had worn out before then , and been abandoned or replaced .	5
It is said this reflects a renumbering of the popes to exclude Joan from history .	2
During construction , they served as the rails that supported and guided the trolleys on which the glaziers sat as they installed the roofing .	5
Some believed that this was the mob 's vendetta against the pope for his denunciations of organised crime .	3
Unbridled population growth stunts socioeconomic development and aggravates poverty " .	1
Their late mannerist works , many of which have been lost , continue in the use of elongated and undulating forms and crowded compositions .	5
" 140 Days Under the World	0
The town fell in July 1125 after a siege of ten weeks .	2
Budolfi Cathedral 's tower is the only one of the original three church towers that are visible on the Aalborg city logo .	4
It is an erect shrub up to 3 meters tall with prickly stems .	2
Cane toads are particularly dangerous to dogs .	0
The main indoor arena is planned to have a seating capacity of 13,000 .	2
Salo is a graduate of Long Beach State ( B.A .	1
In May 2012 , the expansion plans were scaled back , with only two new wharves being built instead of six .	4
After this , he would return to his town to celebrate mass for the Assumption .	2
The cabling required is a 6 core multi strand copper cable .	1
Another Italian painter , Francesco Primaticcio from Bologna , ( " Primatice " to the French ) , joined later in the decoration of the palace .	5
GWHF partnered with the Michigan State University M.I.N.D .	1
Meanwhile , the Luftwaffe began The Blitz on major cities .	1
The main principles of the stye were functionality , classicism and architectural coherence .	2
Its pilot , " Leutnant " Klaeden , was taken prisoner .	1
Gorenc started playing basketball in KK Domžale , before in 1990 he joined KK Olimpija .	2
Carwood questions whether any target could be worth such losses , but Brockhurst retorts that the U.S. 5th Bomb Division commander , Brig .	4
In 1939 , Nazi German occupation forces closed the university after invading Poland .	2
Marsland Valley , north of Bude	0
Following primary school in his native city , he entered Gheorghe Lazăr High School .	2
In his encyclical " Mediator Dei " , Pius XII links liturgy with the last will of Jesus Christ .	3
Before World War II , S.K.I.F .	0
A chest X-ray may be performed afterwards to confirm that the line is positioned inside the superior vena cava and no pneumothorax was caused inadvertently .	5
It began test broadcasts on 2 September 1989 under president Joan Lerma , regular broadcasts began on 9 October 1989 .	4
I had to put their songs on this album . ”	1
The town was fought over during both the First and Second World Wars , suffering much damage and being occupied several times by both sides .	5
Fey opened a slot machine workshop in 1896 or 1897 .	1
Nothing came of the trial , however .	0
Omar Bongo died in June 2009 .	0
Wilson and his brother , Puny , are the only two brothers in the Texas A & M football Hall of Fame .	4
The carbon analog of pyridine , benzene , has only one proton signal at 7.27 ppm .	3
At daybreak on 9 May , the 3rd Shock Army of the Red Army took the city almost unopposed .	3
The title song is written by Wasi Shah , with composition by Raheel Fayyaz .	2
Raj Singh Chhikara has worked with world bank AND Sh .	1
Jack Douglas popped his head out of Studio C and asked ' Hey , do you feel like playing ? '	4
The cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 .	2
His former manager Bobby Cox was in attendance .	1
In 2000 , the band split up .	0
Turns proceed clockwise around the board .	0
Crete has an unusual variety of insects .	0
" Transworld Snowboarding " magazine ranked the resort as the East Coast ’ s top halfpipe and third place terrain parks .	4
The video makes use of slow motion and other special visual effects reflecting the tempo and grandiose style of the song .	4
Claudius proposed that Caesar be declared public enemy and that the army at Capua be sent against him .	3
Storm breaching is believed to be an important but unpredictable control on the duration of closures at low to moderate river flow levels in smaller hapua .	5
It was used until the late 1980s after which the theater fell into disuse .	2
He left for France the next day to commence his newest role .	2
Hatsune Miku was the first Vocaloid developed by Crypton Future Media after they handled the release of the Yamaha vocal Meiko and Kaito .	4
Amiens is a hub between the Île de France and the rest of the north of France ; Normandy and Benelux ; and France and Great Britain .	5
In the MMORPG " RuneScape " , examination of a player-constructed gazebo results in the message , ' Run for it !	4
Some examples of Maastrichtian expressions :	0
Along both sides are stepped stone buttresses .	0
The generalized resistance caused the Soviet Union to abandon its original plan to oust the First Secretary .	3
Though lawbreaking and rule-scoffing are common , let us be Obedient .	1
Afrianius also returned to Syria through Mesopotamia ( a Parthian area ) contrary to the Roman-Parthian agreements .	3
Adding a couple teaspoons of oil helps keep the food from sticking to itself and the container .	3
The recent season-by-season performance of the club :	0
According to Plutarch and Cassius Dio , instead , it was at this point that Pompey turned north .	3
However , other Protestant writers , such as David Blondel and Gottfried Leibniz , rejected the story .	3
On 29 June 2018 , Della-Verde agreed to join newly-promoted National League side Braintree Town .	2
The exit site is typically located in the chest , making the access ports less visible than catheters that protrude directly from the neck .	5
The tower was topped out in February 2015 and opened on December 14 , 2015 .	2
If the culture from the central line grows bacteria much earlier ( > 2 hours ) than the other vein site , the line is likely infected .	5
After playing for Tottenham Hotspur , Della-Verde signed for Southend United in 2007 .	2
" 1984 African Cup Winners ' Cup	0
Gould was born in Topsfield , Massachusetts .	0
1915 brought significant changes to the team .	0
At the centre of the main space is a wooden crucifix of the 18th century .	2
The 32 qualified players were :	0
The ProGear used a Transmeta chip and a resistive digitizer .	1
Solipsism agrees with Descartes in this aspect , and goes further : only things that can be known to exist for sure should be considered to exist .	5
Grant that I may do my best today ,	1
On the other hand , different DNA sequence datasets do not agree in detail with each other either .	3
They are still visible in the mountain .	0
Head - Terentyev , Vladimir Petrovich , MD , PhD	1
" Taniec z Gwiazdami ( season 15 )	0
He was drafted by the Oakland Athletics in 2001 .	1
The RIT / NTID Deaf Studies Archive preserves and illustrates the history , art , culture , technology , and language of the Deaf community .	5
Nooka watches are not custom made .	0
It is a turn-based strategy game .	0
In recent seasons Härnösands FF have had the following average attendances :	1
" Leinster Senior League Senior Division	0
Ueda Domain was then given to Matsudaira Tadachika , with an assessed " kokudaka " of 58,000 " koku " .	4
Prague has been a political , cultural and economic centre of central Europe complete with a rich history .	3
A number of famous people are buried in the former Saint-Acheul cemetery such as J.-P. Pinchon ( creator of " Bécassine " ) and many resistance fighters .	5
It includes two previously-listed properties : the Glenn House , and the Wycough-Jones House .	2
She was voted one of Ghana 's most influential personalities for 2014 .	2
The yolk , too , is large , and comprises 22 – 31 % of the egg .	3
This device could transmit water level information via telephone , allowing for remote monitoring of water resources to become feasible .	4
In 1987 he was diagnosed with colon cancer .	1
In Greek mythology , Melampus ( , " Melampous " ) , was a legendary soothsayer and healer , originally of Pylos , who ruled at Argos .	5
Some in the Indian tradition have held that one Patañjali wrote treatises on grammar , medicine and yoga .	3
He united Coele-Syria and Phoenicia ( Lebanon ) , which had been ravaged by the Arabians and Tigranes .	3
In 1848 , following the Mexican – American War , Mexico ceded the territory of Alta California to the U.S. in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo .	5
HMCS " Saskatchewan " was a that served in the Royal Canadian Navy ( RCN ) and later the Canadian Forces .	4
It is better to sow the ripe seed , after collection from the plant .	2
John Paul II described the new Code as " the last document of Vatican II " .	3
Antilochus left behind in Messenia a son Paeon , whose descendants were among the Neleidae expelled from Messenia , by the descendants of Heracles .	5
Leon Spencer ( November 1 , 1945 – March 11 , 2012 ) was an American jazz organist from Houston , Texas .	4
The new corporate headquarters will be based in Novosibirsk .	1
However , better support for coroutine-like functionality is provided in 2.5 , by extending Python 's generators .	3
The first part of the project was carried out in the 1880s .	2
" Olivet United Methodist Church , Parsonage and School	1
This division is divided into three primary arms , Mergers & Acquisitions , and Financo Securities , and Special Situations .	4
Jack Watts may refer to :	0
When we find people in despair , let us be Friendly .	1
among fans and on social media .	0
Francis Gibson ( 1805-1858 ) , was a British banker and businessman .	2
He at once endeavoured to bring down Arnold of Brescia , the leader of the anti-papal faction in Rome .	3
Tibbits Brook was named for four brothers who settled near the stream .	2
Sexual And Reproductive Health Programs For Persons With Disabilities ( PWDs )	1
Current Mayor of Prague is Czech Pirate Party member Zdeněk Hřib , since the 2018 municipal election .	3
On 30 April 1990 , the flag at Van Nuys ANG Base was lowered for the last time during a special ceremony .	4
These books were authored by Darius Hinks .	0
It has short , thick rhizomes , which are gnarled and knobbly .	2
His regular position was as a forward .	0
The prison remained derelict until 1851 , when it was reopened for prisoners serving long sentences .	3
The larval period lasts 20 – 22 days .	1
was named by Marsh ( 1887 ) .	0
He revolted and shouted " Long live France !	1
In 1948 , the new communist regime stripped him of Academy membership .	2
Asbury United Methodist Church closed on July 1 , 1984 .	1
Dante had already shown his familiarity with the myth of Myrrha in a prior letter to Emperor Henry VII , which he wrote on 17 April 1311 .	5
Prague was elevated to an archbishopric in 1344 , the year the cathedral was begun .	2
After World War II , Pius XII appointed more non-Italians than any Pope before him .	2
They were back in Division Two before long , after winning the Third Division South in 1951-52 .	3
Summers usually bring plenty of sunshine and the average high temperature of .	2
The structure rests of a concrete foundation .	0
The 1998 New England 200 was the fifth round of the 1998 Indy Racing League .	2
Ruwaished is the farthest Jordanian settlement to the east .	1
Since the award was established , many changes have been made .	1
Proxima Centauri is orbiting through the Milky Way at a distance from the Galactic Centre that varies from , with an orbital eccentricity of 0.07 .	5
It was released as a single in August 1996 and appeared on their " Universal " album a month later .	4
Nearly the entire Jewish population of Prague ( 3,000 people ) perished .	2
Theft and gift card fraud may operated entirely independently of online carding operations .	2
It is highly probable that John 's surname was difficult to understand by pronunciation , hence the different spellings by others .	4
Giulio II was involved in fresco decoration in Friuli , including for the chapel of Monte di Pietà at Udine .	4
I ’ m definitely not just one thing .	1
With running back Matt Forte out for the game , the Bears rushing attack ran for 103 yards and Michael Bush ran for a 3-yard touchdown .	5
" Nepenthes insignis " has a racemose inflorescence .	1
What is special about a multigraph as an algebra is that its operations are unary .	2
Chris Hesketh played left- , i.e .	0
These first satellite works emphasized the primacy of process that remained central to the theory and practice of telematic art .	4
It is located towards the southern end of the range in Kayin State , Burma , 12 km to the NNW of the border with Thailand .	5
William H. Franklin was its first minister , serving until 1926 .	1
Then he sent a large delegation to meet the Easterners at Constantinople .	2
Bachmann joined Scottish Premiership side Ross County on a six-month loan in July 2015 .	2
He died in 1938 in Seattle , Washington .	1
They agreed to oppose the law , but they were fearful of the mood of the people .	3
The official time of the stoppage was at 2 : 59 of the 6th round .	2
The album was originally released on Shakur 's label Out Da Gutta .	2
It combines several elements of the flag of Tibet , with slightly different artistry , and contains many Buddhist symbols .	4
" , in the forms of decisions .	0
It is named in honour of Italian naturalist Odoardo Beccari .	1
I hear and understand the frustrations of commuters and am determined to drive improvements . "	2
A profile on Gilbert Harrison was featured in the March 2011 issue of The Deal titled , " Relationship Advisory . "	4
" 2008 Potrero de los Funes TC2000 round	0
The name " Wallington " derives from the Anglo Saxon " Waletone " meaning " village of the Britons " .	4
From 1955 the tractor was produced by Dirección Nacional de Fabricaciones e Investigaciones Aeronáuticas and the badge was changed to DINFIA .	4
It is in North west constituency of Delhi .	1
" 2009 Asian Women 's Junior Handball Championship	0
The Vision for the association :	0
Both are also financed by the Federal Ministry .	1
Cutler completed 12 of 21 passes for 135 yards with one touchdown , one interception and a 72.5 passer rating , and was sacked four times .	5
Arthurson had brought to the club players of a calibre to enable five Grand Final appearances in the 1970s for four victories .	4
The regnal numbering of popes named Stephen has changed over the centuries .	2
Analogous to benzene , nucleophilic substitutions to pyridine can result in the formation of pyridyne intermediates as heteroaryne .	3
The village is classified as one of " Les plus beaux villages de France " ( most beautiful villages of France ) .	4
Some developmental psychologists believe that infants are solipsistic , and that eventually children infer that others have experiences much like theirs and reject solipsism .	5
Hutchinson was elected in 1899 along with Governor Frank Steunenberg .	1
That is the predicate must be appropriate ( " true " in the most mundane sense relative ) to its logical object .	4
New elections for a new Revisoniary Parliament were held in November , and the Constitution of 1911 was promulgated in June 1911 .	4
Omiodes anastreptoides is a moth of the family Crambidae .	1
He was defrocked in 2007 .	0
He served as the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Idaho .	1
Similarly , it is still unclear whether the royal penguin is merely a color morph of the macaroni penguin .	3
Director Junichi Masuda and graphic designer Takao Unno have stated that inspiration for Pokémon designs can come from anything .	3
with over 52 % of homeless experiencing some form of mental illness , including clinical depression or PTSD and over 26 % suffering unspecified mental illness .	5
" Australia at the 2010 Commonwealth Games	0
Emperor Taizong also heard of Shangguan 's talent , and made him an imperial scholar and later an official at the archival bureau .	4
The Prague Spring deepened the disillusionment of many Western leftists with Soviet views .	2
Their car was painted in official Hatsune Miku art , and fan-derivative versions of Hatsune Miku in some races in the 2009 season .	4
At that time Pluto was too far above the ecliptic to be imaged by the survey .	3
Some people hold that , while it cannot be proven that anything independent of one 's mind exists , the point that solipsism makes is irrelevant .	5
The name " vemurafenib " comes from V600E mutated BRAF inhibition .	1
In 1956 , he became archivist and librarian to the Duke of Norfolk at Arundel .	2
That same night , he appointed Domenico Tardini as his Secretary of State .	2
In 2004 , Cortázar graduated from Miami ’ s Design and Architecture Senior High School , where he studied fashion design .	4
However , she withdrew the intended privilege in apparent disgust when Tydeus gobbled down the brains of the hated enemy who had wounded him .	5
Atoll lagoons form as coral reefs grow upwards while the islands that the reefs surround subside , until eventually only the reefs remain above sea level .	5
" Sempiternus Rex " was issued in 1951 on the 1500th anniversary of the Ecumenical Council of Chalcedon .	3
He is the last pope to take the name " Anastasius " upon his election .	2
In 1995 , Schlaepfer won the Santa Cruz Biotechnology investigator award .	1
Czech beer has a long history , with brewing taking place in Břevnov Monastery in 993 .	3
In 2009 , Worachit joined Chonburi 's academy at the age of 11 .	2
Another was the baobab tree ( which he spelled " bahobab " ) .	2
Tamarind is also often used .	0
Lod railway station is an Israel Railways station in Lod , Israel , served by most railway lines of Israel Railways .	4
If one admits to the existence of an independent entity ( e.g. , your brain ) having that attribute , the door is open .	5
The 1939-1940 SM-sarja season did not take place because of the Winter War , which made playing ice hockey impossible .	4
It flew reconnaissance missions to support ground operations in the Rhine Valley in March 1945 , hitting airfields , motor transports , etc .	4
Mutton and beef are common ingredients .	0
The nearby Letňany airport is mainly used for private aviation and aeroclub aviation .	2
Their digestion is both intra and extracellular .	0
Direct visual observation became rare in astronomy .	0
Leo Sayer ( possibly 6 July 1974 )	0
Van Nuys Airport is a public airport in Van Nuys in the San Fernando Valley section of the city limits of Los Angeles , California .	5
" Tokyo College of Transport Studies	0
Ketakar suggested that Uranus , Neptune and his hypothetical trans-Neptunian planets were locked in Laplace-like resonances .	3
Upon his recovery , the people of Naples offered thanksgiving sacrifices , and the resulting celebration spread throughout Italy .	3
Maruca licensed the game for a sum of $ 1,500,000 , and Makow was paid $ 1,000,000 plus a royalty .	4
Bisabol is produced by " C. erythraea " , an Arabian species similar to the " C. myrrha " , which produces the herabol myrrh .	5
In Appian , at this stage Pompey pursued Mithridates as far as Colchis and then marched against Armenia .	3
Head - Volkov , Alexander G. , MD , PhD	1
He added black as the secondary color .	0
The preferred code symbologies and technologies to represent HIBC are :	1
Furthermore , there was concern at demining progress in buffer zone and the Turkish Cypriot side was urged to resume demining activities .	4
Ultimately , the helicopter footage proved too shaky and had to be spliced with footage from the studio .	3
This emphasis on the land of Ithaca itself perhaps signifies that Odysseus has finally reconnected with his homeland , and his journey is over .	5
In 1978 , the Bank of Italy produced a report on Ambrosiano that predicted future disaster .	3
Soon , the officials had Liu Yifu killed .	1
Between 1613 and 1619 Freminet and Tremblay added paintings in stucco frames between the windows on the sides of the chapel , depicting the life of Christ .	5
The room also served as a place for games and entertainment ; an old bagatelle game and a mechanical piano from that period are on display .	5
The witch Circe attempted to seduce him with her charms and herbs while he was on a hunting trip , but he savagely rejected her .	5
Cicero proposed sending messengers to Caesar to negotiate their safety , but the frantic consuls rejected this path .	3
First , the consumer selects an assortment .	0
Thus , they may form a moving group of stars , which would indicate a common point of origin , such as in a star cluster .	5
After Hector 's death in " Iliad " 22 , Andromache 's foremost concern is Astyanax 's fate as a mistreated orphan ( 22.477 – 514 ) .	5
He has also collaborated with Selena for her 1995 album " Dreaming Of You " with " God 's Child ( Baila Conmigo ) " in 1995 .	5
In 1977 she was awarded the Queen 's Silver Jubilee Medal .	1
All penguins are countershaded for camouflage – that is , they have black backs and wings with white fronts .	3
All the lumens of the line are aspirated ( to ensure that they are all positioned inside the vein ) and flushed with either saline or heparin .	5
We thank thee , O Lord . < / poem >	1
The site was hunting expedition for the Mughal king .	1
The show revolves around a pop music chart for kids .	1
The size and dimensions of the treasures are heavily debated .	1
Python uses whitespace indentation , rather than curly brackets or keywords , to delimit blocks .	2
At least one published and widely accepted textbook and the degree of Kandidat Nauk are required in the latter case , anyway .	4
Under Charlemange 's leadership there arose a cultural enrichment still known as the Carolingian Renaissance .	2
Arsenal both featured in prior upon Arsenal TV as well as of now on Arsenal Player and Arsenal on YouTube :	4
Growing up in Kentish Town , Vigouroux attended St Thomas More Catholic School .	2
It was begun under Pope Clement III and completed in 1192 under Pope Celestine III .	2
Some of the music from Byrne 's orchestral album " The Forest " was originally used in a Wilson-directed theatre piece with the same name .	5
Martin or Marty Cooper may refer to :	0
The Forks of Cypress was a cotton plantation and Greek Revival plantation house near Florence in Lauderdale County , Alabama .	4
It still serves as a single-family residence .	0
Mohabbat Aag Si ( Love Like Fire ) is a 2015 Pakistani romantic drama serial .	2
The project was ended in April 1972 .	0
They both drown " their sorrows in the colorful visuals " .	1
His retirement was effective as of March 1 , 1983 .	1
He served as the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Idaho .	1
The city has a temperate climate , with warm summers and chilly winters .	2
Chris Hesketh played left- , i.e .	0
Patterns sometimes change over the course of the horse 's life although some , such as the blanket and leopard patterns , tend to be stable .	5
Plutarch noted that this meant the placing of Roman supremacy entirely in the hands of one man .	3
Prague is governed by the Prague City Assembly that is elected in municipal elections .	2
Such strategies help facilitate transmission of information from individual to individual without a written intermediate , and they can also be applied to oral governance .	5
The numbering of the ring atoms in pyridine starts at the nitrogen ( see infobox ) .	3
Born in Saratoga County , New York , Vanderburgh graduated from Yale University in 1852 .	2
He spoke frequently about the Church 's relationship with the Jewish faith .	2
Apart from Damasus I ( from Roman Lusitania ) , he has been the only Portuguese pope .	3
and held up a red banner reading " Pope John Paul II ANTICHRIST " .	2
Pope Pius XII still addressed lay people and groups about a wide range of topics .	2
" New Market Presbyterian Church ( New Market , Tennessee )	1
The encyclical demands a much better understanding of ancient Hebrew history and traditions .	2
Perry worked for the city of New Westminster , and was responsible for the design of the Westminster Quay boardwalk .	4
29.3 % of all households were made up of individuals and 7.6 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	5
( 3 ) San Antonio Spurs vs. ( 4 ) Utah Jazz	1
" Go In and Out the Window	0
His work inspired many tower projects all over Germany .	1
In the Production Code standards of that time , unmarried couples shown in the same bed would be taboo .	3
On Earth at the beginning of the 23rd century , a space time warp opens up over the Atlantic Ocean .	4
Cedar Falls has no sister city .	0
He competed at the 1964 , 1968 and the 1972 Summer Olympics .	2
The group met whilst they were at university in Manchester .	1
He ended the season at Lowell , going 1 – 1 with a 4.50 ERA .	2
The new mission was to act as the " friendly enemy " to evaluate both air and ground radar systems .	4
She advocated for tighter co-operation with other parties particularly DIKO and EDEK .	2
Its inhabitants are called Chaldeans .	0
Cape Town has had Olympic aspirations .	0
Crypton had the idea to release Miku as " an android diva in the near-future world where songs are lost . "	4
The fleet for the 143d was completed with the arrival of the eighth J-model at Quonset on 15 June 2007 .	4
" Feel Alright ( Kardinal Offishall song )	0
To slay the young and valiant is a glorious thing ; but if you smite an old man , small renown waits on your prowess .	5
Pompey decided to arbitrate the dispute later , at the beginning of spring , and marched to Damascus .	3
Mike McCurry may refer to :	0
Route 27 is a two- to four-lane undivided highway for most of its length , passing through a variety of urban and suburban environments .	5
" Jardin botanique de Mont Cenis	0
The medal was inaugurated in 1927 .	0
In 2014 Podillya entered national competitions among amateurs .	1
Wojtyła was named Cardinal-Priest of the titulus of San Cesareo in Palatio .	2
These documents include diplomatic correspondence , American espionage , and even decryptions of German communications .	2
The puzzles were the same .	0
The region became the seat of the dukes , and later kings of Bohemia .	2
The Sisters of the Holy Family are an apostolic , international congregation , located on four continents and in thirteen countries .	4
The city declared the building unsafe for occupancy in 1978 .	1
He hit .519 with four home runs and 19 RBIs his first season .	2
The defender has played 17 games in the 2 .	1
A chimney rises from the south end .	0
Casey 's Market has been operating since 1935 .	1
" Lugal-e " , a late-third-millennium BC Sumerian poem , tells the story of the battle between the Mesopotamian hero-god Ninurta and the terrible monster Asag .	5
Before version 3.0 , Python had two kinds of classes : " old-style " and " new-style " .	3
Most of them were musical comedies .	0
The song was re-released a year later as the first single from Mandisa 's full-length Christmas album " It 's Christmas " .	4
Various types of recumbent bicycles are available for hire .	1
The steps , whilst not particularly steep , are quite slippery simply due to the numbers of visitors wearing them away .	4
Penguins form monogamous pairs for a breeding season , though the rate the same pair recouples varies drastically .	3
The royalist troops stormed the gates and commenced the sack and bloody slaughter of the rebels and citizens of the town .	4
This is the data network cabling or LAN cabling .	1
The Sanada were replaced at Ueda by Sengoku Tadamasa , formerly of Komoro Domain , with a reduction to 60,000 " koku " .	4
The Vikings , in their inaugural season , had acquired the rights to Middleton in a special draft in late January .	4
Milan Kundera set his novel " The Unbearable Lightness of Being " during the Prague Spring .	3
It was built between 1956 and 1975 to designs by Adalberto Libera .	2
The series is directed by Ahmed Kamran and produced by Moomal Entertainment .	2
It has also been widely alleged that the Vatican Bank covertly funded Solidarity .	2
and software , including communication protocols .	0
I spoke to him as a brother whom I have pardoned and who has my complete trust . "	3
Cadigan was born in Schenectady , New York , and grew up in Fitchburg , Massachusetts .	3
Numerous studies have primarily focused on simplifying the underlying neuronal control of myelinogenesis and such studies have provided several possibilities .	4
It was the highest rating series at that time .	1
, a residential parking system is deployed in Saint-Anne ward to cope with congestion in the streets by cars of users from the SNCF railway station .	5
Chaldean rule proved short lived .	0
These estimates are older than those based on fossils that can confidently be assigned to Lamiales , which are middle Eocene in age , ca .	5
Stevenson had been a member from 1761 of the committee who organized the First Presbyterian Church in Baltimore , as had Jonathan Plowman .	4
Norris 's official Medal of Honor citation reads :	1
These are further subdivided into 24 municipalities .	0
As part of a deal with prosecutors , the company pleaded guilty to one count of doing business with a terrorist organization .	4
The BRIM3 trial reported good updated results in 2012 .	1
The upper portion of the walls is divided into panels , oval and rectangular , with scenes representing the love life of Alexander the Great .	5
" Market Forces ( The Spectacular Spider-Man )	0
Occupy Santa Cruz formed as an autonomous organization in solidarity with the worldwide Occupy movement , a broad-based protest against perceived economic and social inequality .	5
Andromache bore him a son , Cestrinus , who is identified with Genger or Zenter , a legendary Trojan king and father of Francus .	5
This percentage has , however , decreased substantially since then .	1
Idaeus of the Trojans came for a peace negotiation , and he offered to give back all the treasures Paris stole plus more — everything except Helen .	5
The treaties did not entirely end conflicts arising out of the Thirty Years ' War .	2
The entire rink area was remodeled and used for manufacturing purposes .	1
On October 5 , 2007 , Bae Tung Tung left Hey Girl ( including the Wo Ai Hei Se Hui show ) .	4
Pompey sent in an army led by Piso and placed garrisons in the city and at the palace .	3
Their only losing season came in .	0
He was born in Preston , Lancashire .	0
Aurin M. Chase founded the company in 1909 .	1
The film 's sets were designed by the art director Jesús Bracho .	2
In 1905 , he married Laura Clare .	0
His death was announced in August 2017 .	0
However , by 2013 a team of 20 artists worked together to create new species designs .	3
However , the technique remained experimental .	0
Piperidines are produced by hydrogenation of pyridine with a nickel- , cobalt- , or ruthenium-based catalyst at elevated temperatures .	3
Next , the dough is processed in a steamer to kill any bacteria it may contain .	3
The designs for Pokémon are often highly analogous to real-life creatures , but also encompass inanimate objects .	3
His feast day is observed on June 22 in both the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches .	3
Cato the Younger , who had been the fiercest opponent of the triumvirate , opposed this .	3
In the second half of the 17th century Prague 's population began to grow again .	2
Elevators which take directly to the 38th floor are served at 6th floor , and visitors are required to buy tickets .	4
He was born in Rome as a son of Aimerico , a member of the Roman Savelli family .	3
The armies were raised from Argolis ( the area around Argos ) , the largest army that had ever appeared in Greece till that time .	5
They can be very large , reaching 35 cm in height .	1
Santa Cruz was home to the second above-ground medical marijuana club in the world when the Santa Cruz Cannabis Buyers Club opened its doors in April 1995 .	5
The first was the religious endowments .	0
It must now destroy the Xatax .	0
So with the aid of the 6th Cavalry they were forced to surrender , and were brought in to Fort McKinney .	4
The strict norms governing their lives are meant to make them models of Christian perfection for lay people .	3
Here , formula _ 76 is the bijection	0
The paintings of the group were reproduced in prints , mostly etchings , which were apparently produced initially at Fontainebleau itself , and later in Paris .	5
Arsenal announced that Arsenal TV would continue broadcasting in the short term but that the club would evaluate its long-term viability .	4
It is located in the northwest of the oblast .	1
" 2010 Saint Kitts and Nevis general election	0
The songs " Big White Elephant " and " Model Homes " by the band In-Flight Safety were featured during scenes at the party .	5
The song ' Tell Me ' by BROS. is used as the theme for the CBC radio show ' Q . '	4
His second hot air engine of 1837 was a forerunner of the internal combustion engine : " In 1837 , Sir George Cayley , Bart. , Assoc .	5
On 3 March , Pius XI also named him for consecration as titular archbishop of Areopolis , Jordan .	3
Such relations are described by " coordinate transformations " which give formulas for the coordinates in one system in terms of the coordinates in another system .	5
Hedwig Swimberghe is a Belgian clarinetist , leading the Brussels Clarinet choir , and teaching at the Royal Conservatory of Brussels .	4
Construction for the hotel and the chairlift were fully completed and open to guests for use in time for the 2007-08 skiing season	4
It was withdrawn from service by 1877 .	0
The piece is a musical story with narration depicting the epic fight between Saint Clement and the legendary dragon in the Roman amphitheater .	4
Venulus , one of Latinus ' messengers , recalls the mission to Diomedes after they seek his help in the war against the Rutulians .	5
For those who opposed his attempts at remedying the schism his death in 498 was seen as divine retribution .	3
... Pallette uses his girth to create a common touch .	1
They currently play at the Fédérale 2 .	0
His project was chosen by the archbishop after a competition of seventy-eight different projects .	2
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 .	2
She now lives in North West England .	0
Specific issues are discussed in the Roundup bug tracker maintained at python.org .	2
The 1936 Northwestern Wildcats team represented Northwestern University during the 1936 college football season .	2
In 2002 , Prague suffered from widespread floods that damaged buildings and its underground transport system .	3
Recorded and mixed in 1994 at Del Cielito Records .	1
Like his predecessors , he managed the wide-ranging affairs of the church through Papal Legates .	2
The gravitational influence of Pluto is usually neglected given its small mass .	2
These books were authored by David Ferring .	0
By March 2004 , the administrator of ' CarderPlanet ' disappeared with Gonzalez taking over .	2
Neptune ) , possessed a mean orbital radius of 51.9 AU and an orbital period of 373.5 years .	3
During his stay in Kassel in Hesse , in 1704 , he constructed a ship powered by his steam engine , mechanically linked to paddles .	5
Later , Chris and Amy have sex in a hotel room .	1
If pasta is to be flavoured , eggs , vegetable juices , and herbs are added at this stage .	3
Due to the Dark Ages ' lack of records , confusion often reigns in the evaluation of events .	3
The executive producer was Gordon Hughan .	0
" List of Anguillan records in athletics	0
Seattle would have scored a touchdown on the previous play , but Braylon Edwards dropped the potential 10-yard touchdown pass in the end zone .	5
After being discharged from the army in early 1919 , he was named spiritual director of the seminary .	3
Local specialities of the Cyclades include :	0
Embassy Court gradually fell into disrepair .	0
Each Pokémon has one or two " types " , such as Fire , Water , or Grass .	3
The displaced bones are thus gradually brought into the correct alignment with their joint surfaces progressively remodeled yet maintaining congruency .	4
These missions were usually flown far offshore in the middle of the night and required a high degree of proficiency .	4
Cadfael suggests that Turstan followed Philip .	0
Honorius IV , however , declared the contract invalid and forbade all similar agreements for the future .	3
After 1889 he sat for Saint-Omer .	0
Cabling for free to air TV requires the following :	1
Pompey promised to give up his governorship and armies and claimed that Caesar would do the same .	3
Even before Neptune 's discovery , some speculated that one planet alone was not enough to explain the discrepancy .	3
The later forms Typhos and Typhon occur from the 5th century BC onwards , with Typhon becoming the standard form by the end of that century .	5
Since neither " x " nor " y " can equal zero ( because " k " is non-zero ) , the graph never crosses either axis .	5
Republicans created a new strategy to prevent majority rule .	1
Other elements came into the story design .	0
" I Build This Garden for Us	0
Five men received 800 lashes .	0
The company creates economically motivating solar projects that typically cut customers ' after-tax electricity cash flow by at least 50 % .	4
The mosque was built between 1713 and 1716 by Wali Beg Khan , who was a Mughal Faujdar or General in Chittagong .	4
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 .	2
The group met eight evenings a year .	0
Marion is like Persephone of Greek mythology , who is abducted temporarily from the world of the living .	3
" Grace Episcopal Church ( Spring Hill , Tennessee )	1
Some of his themes recall Mozart 's , and he modeled a number of his compositions on those of the older composer .	4
The yellow brick was used but Gutch changed the style to Gothic .	2
He was worshipped as a divine being under various names in Italy where Statues of him existed at Argyripa , Metapontum , Thurii , and other places .	5
The Swiss defended his title in 2007 , finishing ahead of Hungarian and Dutch cyclists László Bodrogi and Stef Clement .	4
Bignell – himself visually impaired – recognised the benefits for the school and its students of using computer technology in a teaching environment .	4
All tracks by Andrés Ciro Martínez except where noted .	1
" As of 15 April 2013 "	0
She supports the Gurkha Justice Campaign .	0
The cutting to the east of the station has been covered over by a car park .	3
In 1996 , the project was renamed to PostgreSQL to reflect its support for SQL .	2
Thereafter , the points gradually become lines .	0
She found the James Brown-inspired choreography " spot-on " .	1
North Point ( or North Pointe ) is a middle class primarily African-American neighborhood of St. Louis , Missouri , USA .	4
He attended George Washington University and Carnegie Mellon University .	1
In 1974 both Strehler and Damiani returned to the Salzburg Festival for an ill-fated production of " Die Zauberflöte " conducted by Karajan .	4
In 2005 , the unit deployed aircraft and more than 100 personnel to Karshi-Khanabad , Uzbekistan , for 11 months .	4
Each horse 's color pattern is genetically the result of various spotting patterns overlaid on top of one of several recognized base coat colors .	5
In the 18th century it was used by the daughters of Louis XV , and then by the Count of Provence , the brother of Louis XVI .	5
Two days after Christmas in 1983 , John Paul II visited Ağca in prison .	2
Trade unions CCOO and CGT challenged the measure , and on 5 November 2013 it was nullified by the National Court .	4
Accessories such as Mercedes Salazar , Casa Chiqui , Mola Sasa , greenhouses of Magnetic Midnight , and original jewelry by Paula Mendoza .	4
Agapetus I has been canonised by both the Catholic and Orthodox traditions .	2
Tan had to take time off after the Wallhead fight due to a knee injury and was not able to compete until mid-2007 .	4
The issue of betting became prominent during the 2011 season .	1
He was a squad member at the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations .	2
On 11 October 1962 , the first session of the Second Vatican Council was held in the Vatican .	3
The career of the RF-101B with the Nevada ANG was relatively brief , giving way to the RF-4C Phantom II in 1975 .	4
Examples of such tasks are :	0
However , after the first day , the owners enjoyed long lines of people waiting to see the film .	3
It is calculated by the following formula :	0
After his father 's death , he started thinking seriously about the priesthood .	2
The 1965 Tour de France was won by a young Italian called Felice Gimondi , riding only as a late inclusion .	4
It was established in 2009 .	0
Prior to his involvement with politics of El Salvador , Funes was a journalist who hosted a popular interview show on television .	4
Due to expansion from 10 to 12 teams , 2nd placed Þróttur Reykjavík and 3rd placed Fjölnir Reykjavík were also promoted .	4
But when Zeus had conquered him and lashed him with strokes , Typhoeus was hurled down , a maimed wreck , so that the huge earth groaned .	5
In general , the hydride ion is a poor leaving group and occurs only in a few heterocyclic reactions .	3
Stacking , a chemical property of molecules with aromaticity , is seen occurring between phenolic molecules .	3
Being a man of learning , Honorius insisted that the clergy receive a thorough education , especially in theology .	3
Sheridan was also a pupil of his at the EarthForce academy and it was thought that he would know his tactics best .	4
" Cabaret " - Keith Bird , clarinet ; Ronnie Price , piano .	2
The Freeway is an Iranian movie directed by Abbas Rafei in 2010 .	2
His mother and grandmother before him were royal ladies-in-waiting , and this enabled Thomas to acquire a polished upbringing at the English court .	4
Initially , Garrison went to Ohio State on a football scholarship , where he was preparing to pursue a degree in engineering .	4
William Barr Friedlander was born in 1884 .	0
Comfort is a fellow of the Aspen Institute and the Africa Leadership Initiative .	2
Governor Eloy Inos for re-election .	0
However , the Palace was eventually open on Sundays by 1860 , and it was recorded that 40,000 visitors came on a Sunday in May 1861 .	5
Fighting continued between France and Spain until the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659 .	2
Jill Mader from InsidePulse wrote that while , " [ the pool party ] storyline itself was just OK ... Ellie Kemper was hilarious . "	5
This way the squadrons mission became somewhat specific in the USAF , since only these five ANG units possess a tactical reconnaissance capacity .	4
Reed voted in favor of the bill .	0
The show closed after ten days .	0
Franciscan missionary Juan Crespí , traveling with the expedition , noted in his diary that , " This river was named San Lorenzo . "	5
It is best served with meat , cheese , or vegetables to create ravioli , tortellini , and cannelloni .	3
During the period before Liberius ' return , Damasus had a great share in the government of the church .	3
In the latter case the two men would remain a match for each other and would not cause trouble .	3
The remains of Pompey were taken to Cornelia , who gave them burial at his Alban villa .	3
Through Pokémon , Tajiri sought to bring back this outdoor pastime and share it with the world .	3
The Plume of Feathers Inn also bears this date on its sign .	2
Many ethnic Kochila have adopted Maithili .	0
William Packard may refer to :	0
The Farman F.170 Jabiru was a 1925 single-engine airliner evolved from the F.121 Jabiru , built by the Farman Aviation Works .	4
The family lives in Sarasota , Florida .	0
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 .	2
Nominating petitions were filed for 20 candidates in November 2010 .	1
He became a national master at age sixteen , and earned the FIDE titles of International Master in 1967 and Grandmaster in 1975 .	4
In 1834 , King Louis-Philippe took down Napoleon 's picture and replaced with another of Louis XIII , from a painter of the school of Champaigne ,	5
The sea serpents which attacked the Trojan priest Laocoön , during the Trojan War , were perhaps supposed to be the progeny of Typhon and Echidna .	5
It is 110 km from district headquarters Bhind .	1
Hawn then landed a right hand which dropped Tirloni .	1
In June 1993 , members served on state active duty in response to the Mississippi River flooding of southern Illinois .	4
With the inactivation of MAC in June 1992 , the unit was gained by the newly established Air Mobility Command .	4
Curling is particularly popular in Canada .	0
On February 15 , 2012 , MDM rehired Kuzin as CEO .	1
The second single was " Sweet Nothing " which was released on 6 August 2015 .	2
Baudot was an expert in medieval architecture , and was a pupil of Viollet-le-Duc .	2
On the death of Antipater , b.c .	0
An Opus Dei spokesman said that " the influence of Opus Dei in the Vatican has been exaggerated " .	3
A church is believed to have stood on the site for over 800 years .	2
A few years later , the structure of this molecule , a hydroxy ketone named stigmolone , was determined by NMR and mass spectroscopy .	5
The crushed hope is highlighted by the death of the protagonist , Marion Crane , halfway through the film .	3
Spencer recorded for Prestige in the early 1970s with Buddy Caldwell , Idris Muhammad , Melvin Sparks , and Grover Washington Jr .	4
The prefix " Py- " is used to show that something is related to Python .	2
The child , however , either miscarried or was stillborn , or succumbed in very early infancy to an illness .	4
In 1991 he became the Regional Postgraduate Dean in the West Midlands .	2
The word comes from the old Pomeranian word of the same meaning : .	2
In February 2018 Vigouroux joined League of Ireland Premier Division side Waterford on loan .	2
The gunmen continued firing until Anastasia finally fell dead on the floor .	2
Philip partly recovers after the blow .	0
107 players were drafted , including 28 promoted rookies .	1
1973 Jigsaw ( TV Series ) ... Gale Parker	1
These were emergency issues due to the War of 1812 .	1
This town also closed its gates , but surrendered when they heard about the fall of Gomphi .	3
The church is dedicated to St Mary .	0
On 2 November 2010 he joined Paganese .	0
Kaidu 's early attempt to rule the Chagatayids faced a serious resistance .	2
Pepin confirmed his Donation in Rome in 756 , and in 774 Charlemagne confirmed the donation of his father .	3
Featherstone and Sierri locate the hacker ( by the name Mackenzie ) .	2
There are three surviving species of camel .	0
It is responsible to the president , and is led by a minister .	2
Nationally , the United States is the largest consumer of pasta with 2.7 million tons consumed in 2017 .	3
After his high school career , he then was a star at Texas A & M , lettering both in football and track .	4
In 1973 the C-130A models were transferred to the Republic of Vietnam Air Force and they were replaced by the C-130B .	4
The theme was " Lights Meet Asia " .	1
The 1976 season also saw the retirement from the League of future Australian Rugby League Hall of Fame inductee , Graeme Langlands .	4
He held this position until 1978 .	0
1986 Mr. and Mrs. Ryan ( TV Movie ) ... Margo Slater	1
On top of the rhizome are the fibrous remains of last seasons leaves .	2
The vocal range spans from F to B .	1
Marvin laid out the settlement of Empire City on the Tuolumne River in Stanislaus County , California ( at that time in Tuolumne County ) .	5
Moth species include the hummingbird moth .	0
Though Hesiod has Typhon simply cast into Tartarus by Zeus , some have read a reference to Mount Etna in Hesiod 's description of Typhon 's fall :	5
The village is directly connected to NH-54 via a metaled road .	1
From the south side of the Jebel Aqra , comes the tale of Baal Sapon , and Yam , the deified Sea ( like Tiamat above ) .	5
Though Proxima Centauri is the nearest bona fide star , it is still possible that one or more as-yet undetected sub-stellar brown dwarfs may lie closer .	5
He bats and throws right-handed .	0
There are examples of Newcomen engines in the Science Museum , London , England and the Ford Museum , Dearborn , Michigan US , amongst other places .	5
Length excluding tail averages about and the tail averages about .	1
They include B vitamins niacin and pyridoxine , the anti-tuberculosis drug isoniazid , nicotine and other nitrogen-containing plant products .	3
Nevertheless , the Peace of Westphalia did settle many outstanding European issues of the time .	2
Music and lyrics by Fuck the Facts .	0
Espoonlahti Church is a Lutheran church situated in Espoonlahti , Espoo , Finland .	2
Frog originated in AD 600 .	0
Overcome by emotion , Van Lierde forgot the right order of anointing .	2
He told Rwandan and Burundian refugees that he " was close to them and shared their immense pain " .	3
Pacelli became an " apprendista " , an apprentice , in Gasparri 's department .	2
The reaction of pyridine with molecular bromine in sulfuric acid at 130 ° C readily produced 3-bromopyridine .	3
During this time , Jainism was spreading in influence	1
The Age limit to audition was raised from 28 to 35 .	1
Arthur Storch ( June 29 , 1925 — March 25 , 2013 ) was an American actor and Broadway director .	4
" Get Her Back " is a 2014 song by Robin Thicke .	2
PostgreSQL claims high , but not complete , conformance with the SQL standard .	2
Opponents of the scheme lobbied strenuously against the use of Hyde Park ( and they were strongly supported by " The Times " ) .	5
The church benefited from this rich intellectual connection .	1
As a teenager , Ridgeway traveled with her family between Montana and California , and attended Hollywood High School in Los Angeles .	4
In the meantime , open warfare was being waged between the supporters of Oderisio and Niccolo .	3
In 358 BC , Arymbas made a treaty with the new king of Macedonia , Philip II , and the Molossians became allies of the Macedonians .	5
As of 2017 , there were 178 km ( 111 mi ) of protected cycle paths and routes .	3
Hal T. Boulden was general sales manager in February 1916 .	1
The plants range in size from dwarf shrubs to small trees up to 7 metres , and are distributed from coastal to alpine ecosystems .	5
During this time Bennett-Warner was cast in Michael Grandage 's award-winning " King Lear " as Cordelia , with Derek Jacobi in the title role .	5
In a general sense , " oral tradition " refers to the recall and transmission of a specific , preserved textual and cultural knowledge through vocal utterance .	5
Terrell was elected in 1901 along with Governor Frank W. Hunt .	1
Head - Taranov Ivan Ilyich , MD , PhD	1
If a separate bankruptcy estate was created , the trustee must reduce the bankruptcy estate 's tax attributes by the cancelled debt .	4
For this reason , Emperor Zhongzong posthumously awarded both Shangguan Yi and Shangguan Tingzhi a number of honors and reburied them with honor .	4
She had served four years of active duty as a personnel officer at Lackland AFB , Texas , and Hanscom AFB , Massachusetts .	4
It also began once again to manufacture outdoor steel furniture .	1
And to do our best always to help our fellow man .	1
At this time Serbia , encouraged by Russia , was challenging Austria-Hungary 's sphere of influence throughout the Balkans .	3
According to the official database of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs dated 11 November 2013 , Amiens is twinned with four municipalities , with Nafplio not listed :	5
In Feb 2013 Dead Messenger released " Recharger " .	1
In 1957 the exterior walls were sandblasted .	0
In January 2002 , Dongwoo opened its Los Angeles Office .	1
These books were authored by Gav Thorpe .	0
Stone supported his group , Joye and the Joy Boys , on their tours of South Australia , Victoria and Queensland .	4
In February 1945 , Prague suffered several bombing raids by the US Army Air Forces .	2
He taught ethics at Jagiellonian University and subsequently at the Catholic University of Lublin .	2
In her early teens Stone entered and won a local talent contest and was noticed by an attendee , Reg Lindsay .	4
The campaign aimed for open-sourcing Blender for a one-time payment of € 100,000 ( US $ 100,670 at the time ) collected from the community .	5
In the paper he was forthright in his rejection of the caloric reasoning of Carnot and Émile Clapeyron , a rejection partly theologically driven :	5
He also often appears on Jamie Oliver 's YouTube channel .	1
He was influential in the peace movement during the Vietnam War .	1
During the Battle RAF artist Cuthbert Orde drew his portrait .	1
Well known Indian spices are used less .	0
The number " 68 " has become iconic in the former Czechoslovakia .	2
He then signed a two-year contract with the club , keeping him until 2019 .	2
For example , at level 16 Bulbasaur is capable of evolving into Ivysaur .	2
The gas line is a large steel pipe .	1
Aland placed it in Category V .	0
During Miku 's development , Crypton decided to take a different approach from that used by the other Vocaloid sound bank publishers .	4
The selected construction material became cuboid greywacke from the Wiehl Valley .	1
1988 My Two Dads ( TV Series ) ... Myra Young	1
He dropped the traditional rule of 70 cardinals , increasing the size to 85 .	2
Although agreement was reached on unifying the police forces , much like the armies were unified , it has yet to be realised .	4
Qualifying standards were also waived for them .	0
Aapa Jee is very insecure when it comes to her younger brothers .	2
Many current breeders also attempt to breed away from the sparse , " rat tail " trait , and therefore modern Appaloosas have fuller manes and tails .	5
During that season Podillya hired Yuriy Avanesov as its manager .	1
The restoration of the structural condition became unavoidable .	1
Unlike petrol , the flash point of a diesel fuel has no relation to its performance in an engine nor to its auto ignition qualities .	5
Haberl says that he arrived in January 1787 and departed in March or April , remaining in the city for up to weeks .	4
In 1935 , the ship took part in the suppression of a Communist Rebellion .	2
Addition of oxygen reduces electron density on the nitrogen atom and promotes substitution at the 2- and 4-carbons .	3
The latter assertion caused him some controversy .	0
Prior to establishing herself as a film actress , Ridgeway worked as both a vaudeville performer and as a trick rider .	4
As the West lost its Slavic character , those two terms were more often used in the East .	3
They are not bounty jumpers " .	0
" Portugal national under-18 football team	0
a motion of no-confidence was put forward .	0
Evans Summit while construction was taking place .	0
Within North American and Europe , ultrasound use now represents the gold standard for central venous access and skills , with diminishing use of landmark techniques .	5
Marbling in Double Muscled Steers .	0
To its rear is a smokehouse .	0
The Golden Horde based in Russia also became an ally of Kaidu .	2
Following the death of Henry II in a jousting accident , his widow , Catherine de ' Medici , continued the construction and decoration of the château .	5
Elckerlyc is a 1975 Dutch drama film directed by Jos Stelling and starring George Bruens .	2
Heinke is the name of :	0
It started to provide its first services in December 2016 and full completion is expected by 2020 .	3
Byrne also directed the documentary " Île Aiye " and the concert film of his 1992 Latin-tinged tour titled " Between the Teeth " .	5
The American Appaloosa Association was founded in 1983 by members opposed to the registration of plain-colored horses , as a result of the color rule controversy .	5
Experimental induction of myelination by regenerating peripheral axons demonstrated that Schwann cells and oligodendrocytes have a shared mechanism to stimulate myelination .	4
He was awarded the Bayerische Verfassungsmedaille in 2001 .	1
The new plants can then be planted out , in late spring or early summer .	2
He spent most of his time settling disputes between cities and kings or sending envoys to do so .	3
He later established the Halwai Ganapati Trust .	0
That society formed a company which had a monopoly on supplying medicines to the Navy providing a close link with Savery , whose will he witnessed .	5
A biographical book about Gomez , written by author Christian Giudice and named " A Fire Burns Within " , was released May 9 , 2016 .	5
Perhaps one in 50,000 penguins ( of most species ) are born with brown rather than black plumage .	3
In 1909 , a tornado caused extensive damage to the building .	1
The " Western Horseman " magazine , and particularly its longtime publisher , Dick Spencer , continued to support and promote the breed through many subsequent articles .	5
The rulers of the Imperial States could henceforth choose their own official religions .	2
Japan Airlines operates the at Narita Airport .	0
King Stephen has the advantage now .	0
The pick-six marked Bears ' fourteenth forced turnover , which led the league , and also leads the league in interceptions ( 11 ) .	5
He expected the concordat with Catholic Bavaria to be the model for the rest of Germany .	3
The 157th became one of 12 National Guard units tasked with providing refueling support to Air Force units deployed to Saudi Arabia .	4
This variant resembles the game Leap Frog .	0
The distinctive red clay pan tiles seen on many old buildings in Fife arrived as ballast on trading boats and replaced the previously thatched roofs .	5
Jordan confiscated lands of Ein Yabrud and nearby Silwad for the construction of a military camp before the Six-Day War .	4
It has a total height of 18.22 metres .	1
He also approved the new military order of the Knights Templar in 1128 .	2
Court Masterpiece ( foaled 12 May 2000 ) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire .	2
The album is a companion piece to " " and is composed of rarities and B-sides from throughout the band 's career .	4
This dual federation was the only formal change that survived the invasion .	2
In June , Tactical Air Command was inactivated as part of the Air Force reorganization after the end of the Cold War .	4
By default , it is set to ( refers to the currently connected database user ) .	3
Victor Gollancz Ltd used Viz Media 's translation to release the 15 volumes in the United Kingdom before ceasing publication of manga .	4
The episode was written by co-producer Owen Ellickson , his first writing credit for the series after joining the writing staff in the eighth season .	5
He worked to reconcile the Vatican with the Russian Orthodox Church to settle tensions between the local churches .	3
Breeds of Livestock- Belgian Blue Cattle .	0
Birkenhead High School was the main Wirral private girls ' school , but in 2010 became a non-fee paying Academy .	4
A January 1977 inspection rated the 157th SAC 's first Air National Guard unit to be " fully operationally ready . "	4
He was to be empowered to pick fifteen lieutenants from the senate and assign specific areas to them .	3
Thus , the program 's visual structure accurately represents the program 's semantic structure .	2
Roncalli gave the first of his many surprises when he chose " John " as his regnal name .	3
Steven Hyden for The A.V .	0
Another court case began in November 2002 .	0
She underwent the DELEX refit at the Burrard Yarrow Shipyard in Esquimalt from 27 May 1985 to 17 June 1986 .	4
The following aggregate data is taken from Perry 's book .	1
The Lady Braves also advanced to the WIAA State Tournament as a Division 3 team in 1999 before losing their first game there .	4
Curry is generally prepared in a sauce .	0
This was the first time 133d KC-135 tankers had flown 10,000 miles in support of a mission , a unit distance record .	4
Caesar then headed for Dyrrachium ( Durrës , Albania ) , where Pompey had an arsenal .	3
The Cretans called on Pompey to come to Crete claiming that it was under his jurisdiction .	3
Once he had recovered , Happy Feet was released back into the water south of New Zealand .	3
Heterozygotes are clinically normal , although their neutrophils may be mistaken for immature cells , which may cause mistreatment in a clinical setting .	4
There , he advanced on Oricum , which the commander of the garrison handed to him .	3
The Amiens citadel is built on this limestone butte and " Rue Saint-Pierre " is a slightly inclined path to leave the city from the north .	5
He faced Ricardo Tirloni in the opening round at Bellator 62 .	1
Middleton attended medical school while playing for the Lions and had a career as an obstetrician-gynecologist after his football career ended .	4
Willis was elected in 1893 along with Governor William J. McConnell .	1
The Center generates many peer-reviewed publications and garners grant support from many state and federal agencies as well as foundations .	4
The side sections angle down to the brick walls .	1
Syllables tend to follow a stressed-unstressed pattern in English , example : " happy " ( though there are many exceptions ) .	4
The median age was 26 years .	0
Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus was given the command of fighting piracy in Cilicia in 78-74 BC .	3
Its first great consolidator was Adi Shankaracharya , who continued the work of some of the Upanishadic teachers , and that of his teacher 's teacher Gaudapada .	5
In 1837 , Green moved to Owosso , Michigan and continue to practice law .	2
Wilson would complete 23 of 37 passes for 293 yards with two touchdowns and a 104.9 passer rating while rushing for 71 yards on nine carries .	5
A native of Birmingham , Alabama , Middleton played college football as a halfback for the Auburn Tigers in 1953 and 1954 .	4
Buried at the Cementerio Británico not far from La Chacarita Cemetery in Buenos Aires .	2
In April , 1229 he tried to regain Nizhny Novgorod from the Russians , which was formerly the Erzyan settlement of Obran Osh .	4
The species is native to the Atlantic Ocean and has been recorded from Bermuda , Canada , Namibia , and Spain .	4
He is plump with dark hair .	0
Barrow scored his first football league goal on 12 September 2015 against Morecambe .	2
Protosuchia has recently been considered a paraphyletic grouping of early crocodyliforms .	1
Head - Michael Vartanovich Babaev , MD , PhD	1
Rochester Institute of Technology ( RIT ) is a private doctoral university within the town of Henrietta in the Rochester , New York metropolitan area .	5
of actual Sanskrit usage by Woods showed no similarities in language or terminology .	2
Halbullock Moor , south of Truro	0
" In Spite of Wishing and Wanting " is a soundscape David Byrne produced for the Belgian choreographer Wim Vandekeybus 's dance company Ultima Vez .	5
It is supposedly based on H.P .	0
In 1984 President Ronald Reagan opened diplomatic relations with the Vatican for the first time since 1870 .	3
" Bundeswehr Technical and Airworthiness Center for Aircraft	0
While he was in Bulgaria , an earthquake struck in a town not too far from where he was .	3
Jorge de la Rúa ( 1942 – August 15 , 2015 ) was an Argentine lawyer and former Government employee .	4
The Nez Perce lost most of their horses after the Nez Perce War in 1877 , and the breed fell into decline for several decades .	5
The unit is tasked to deploy anywhere on the globe within an assigned response time to perform both day and night missions .	4
Most of the smaller islands are uninhabited .	0
The chariot race is considered as the most prestigious competition in the funeral games and the most formal occasion for validating the status of the elite .	5
He served as the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Idaho .	1
Tensions within the JTS and RA grew .	0
Decommissioned at Norfolk on 25 April 1946 , " Beckham " was turned over to the War Shipping Administration on 29 April 1946 .	4
There was no elimination this week .	0
He was born in St Asaph .	0
Head - Katelnitskaya Ivan Ivanovich , MD , PhD	1
In April 2004 , Dongwoo opened its Gangwon office .	1
" Beckham " sailed for Okinawa with task unit TU 78.12.5 on 13 September and dropped anchor off Hagushi on the 15th .	4
c . 500 AD , Irish missionary .	0
The channel was launched on 16 June 2014 , as a 24-hour Hindi movie channel .	2
Each text was recited in a number of ways , to ensure that the different methods of recitation acted as a cross check on the other .	5
As ports are located completely under the skin , they are easier to maintain and have a lower risk of infection than CVC or PICC catheters .	5
Parr was fond of More – the future but ill-fated Lord Chancellor of the kingdom – and respected his intellect .	4
Other Iranian etymologies have been proposed .	0
The award was given by the " Television and Radio Association of Development " NGO .	2
The video was widely played on MTV .	0
Venus Returning is the debut studio album by Australian pop band The Mavis 's , released in May 1996 by record label Mushroom .	4
Zeus then establishes and secures his realm through the apportionment of various functions and responsibilities to the other gods , and by means of marriage .	5
This is the Stone – Čech compactification .	0
In a third version , Phaedra told Theseus and did not kill herself ; Dionysus then sent a wild bull which terrified Hippolytus 's horses .	5
The National Technical Institute for the Deaf , one of RIT 's nine colleges , provides interpreting and captioning services to students for classes and events .	5
This is harder to compactify .	0
Richardson received his bachelor 's degree in 1935 from the University of California , Berkeley .	2
Excavation on the 37-story Tower II began under the direction of Sellen Construction in 2014 .	2
After the death of Achilles , it was prophesied that Troy could not be taken if Neoptolemus ( Achilles 's son ) would not come and fight .	5
US 30 merges with US 22 near Imperial and Pittsburgh International Airport , and both highways then merge with Interstate 376 in Robinson Township .	5
He is recognized as a saint by the Catholic Church ; his feast day is December 11 .	3
" St. Peter 's Episcopal Church ( Columbia , Tennessee )	1
It is west of Clarksburg , Maryland and east of Comus , Maryland .	2
Some place it in the family Rhabdodermatidae .	0
Beth Shalom was founded in 1969 .	0
Against the protests of the orthodox , the Empress Theodora finally seated Anthimus in the patriarchal chair .	3
Although Odysseus had deserted Diomedes in the battlefield that very day , instead of criticizing him , the latter praised his bravery in front of others .	5
He never appeared in another movie , however .	1
The Republic of Cyprus is a unitary republic with a presidential system of government .	2
This includes the presidents of the various Greek National Assemblies and the Legislative Corps ( Βουλευτικό ) during the Greek War of Independence .	4
The class of 1967 graduated 118 students .	0
Air21 commenced passenger operations in December 1995 .	0
Algeria 's Noureddine Morceli is the next most successful athlete , with three gold medals .	2
Python is used extensively in the information security industry , including in exploit development .	2
The next day the wall of the Temple was broken through and the soldiers went on the rampage .	3
Reporters lampooned them as the Cleveland Crybabies .	0
The bridge was raised one full deck higher than on previous classes in order to see over the new gun mount .	4
The following home services are supported by discrete wiring systems	1
This recommendation was made because Lackland ( Kelly Annex ) ( 47 ) had higher military value than Springfield-Beckley AGB ( 128 ) .	4
Ziggurats were built by ancient Sumerians , Akkadians , Assyrians , Elamites , Eblaites and Babylonians for local religions , predominantly Mesopotamian religion and Elamite religion .	5
The squadron also continued its NATO deployments , exercising at USAFE bases in West Germany , England , the Netherlands and Denmark .	4
Many functions are unique to the application .	0
Honorius soon became involved in the quarrel between King Louis VI of France and the French bishops .	3
By September heavy Phase I transition training was underway with both aircrew and support personnel at schools throughout the United States .	4
The illustration of Myrrha was entitled " The Birth of Adonis " and featured Myrrha as a tree delivering Adonis while surrounded by women .	5
Eventually , his suspension was overturned after an appeal with the FA .	2
The Bears then scored on Matt Forte 's eight-yard run , followed by Urlacher intercepting Matt Hasselbeck and returning the pick for another touchdown .	5
Examples of that difference include a piano ( a keyed zither ) and a violin ( referred to by some as a species of fingerboard lyre ) .	5
This movie is about theological issues especially Enjoining good and forbidding wrong .	2
The men 's team national championship was won by Arkansas , their third national title .	2
1992 Mann & Machine ( TV Series ) ... Rose	1
The station produced a total of of whale oil during the 1953 season .	2
First , he participated in the chariot race where he had to take the last place in the starting-line ( chosen by casting lots ) .	5
The latter have an " L " suffix in their textual representation .	2
It fought into Tunisia then moved on to Malta and was involved in the invasion of Sicily and the Salerno beach-head operations .	4
The 311th was one of only three groups to use the A-36 Apache dive bomber version of the P-51 Mustang .	4
Road signs in towns were removed or painted over — except for those indicating the way to Moscow .	3
Lower Mutley had two farms while Higher Mutley consisted of ten sheep , one farm and two smallholdings .	3
In order for the Bears to qualify for the playoffs , they must defeat the Lions in Week 17 , while having the Packers defeat the Vikings .	5
He subsequently emigrated to Austria from 1933 to 1939 .	1
He started work as a scribe to Qadi Attahiru but he soon became disenchanted with the specifics of his job .	4
Jan & Magdalena were eliminated .	0
Another aircraft is hijacked by Petrovic , being witnessed by the three .	2
Producers often use thermoset materials .	0
Jeptoo is the third consecutive Kenyan winner .	0
After school he joined Amherst College from where he received a B.A .	2
He participated in the Archbold 1938 – 1939 expedition to New Guinea .	2
These activities include the Explosive Harvesting Program , Mine Risk Education	1
To the southwest is the long ridge of the Helderberg Escarpment .	1
UCT is an English-speaking institution .	0
The large globe near the entrance of the gallery , placed there in 1861 , came from the office of Napoleon in the Tuileries Palace .	5
Triggers can be attached to views by using the INSTEAD OF condition .	2
In 1757 the Prussian bombardment destroyed more than one quarter of the city and heavily damaged St. Vitus Cathedral .	3
On March 10 , 1952 , Batista and his collaborators seized military and police commands throughout the country and occupied major radio and TV stations .	5
At Quiercy the Frankish nobles finally gave their consent to a campaign in Lombardy .	2
Arriving in Buckner Bay , Okinawa , on Armistice Day 1945 , " Bland " got underway for San Francisco three days later .	4
The street address of the Crystal Palace was Sydenham ( SE26 ) after 1917 , but the actual building and parklands were in Penge .	5
The vegetative cells of " S. aurantiaca " are elongated rods typically measuring about 5 – 8 μm long and 0.7 – 0.8 μm wide .	5
Table Mountain has an unusually rich biodiversity .	0
Look the other way when someone is in need .	1
The number of inhabitants at the last census being between 100,000 and 149,999 , the number of members of the municipal council is 55 .	5
Raemond 's " Erreur Populaire " went through successive editions , reaching a fifteenth as late as 1691 .	3
He moved to France in summer 1996 , signed with Strasbourg IG .	2
Andromache 's sudden tactical lecture is a way to keep Hector close , by guarding a section of the wall instead of fighting out in the plains .	5
Nojirimycin is the parent compound of a class of antibiotics and glycosidase inhibitors .	2
It came after his hand injury that saw him miss one match .	2
It was reused at the exposition of 1900 and then destroyed in 1910 .	2
Emperor Napoleon III , who had been baptized at Fountainebleau , resumed the custom of long stays at Fontainebleau , particularly during the summer .	5
Phraates renewed the treaty with Pompey because of his success and because of the progress of his lieutenants .	3
Glenrothes is now the administrative centre , after the decision to locate the headquarters of the newly established Fife Regional Council there in 1975 .	5
The city was difficult to seize and Caesar tried to negotiate peace and resume his friendship with Pompey .	3
This spawned " NicoNico Cho Party " , where fans could submit their animations to accompany live holographic performances of popular Vocaloid songs .	4
On the night of the 13th , " Beckham " and her consorts moved into their assigned places off Iwo Jima .	4
He designed the section known today as the wing of the " Belle Cheminée " , noted for its elaborate chimneys and its two opposing stairways .	5
Pius XII explained the Catholic faith in 41 encyclicals and almost 1000 messages and speeches during his long pontificate .	3
1990 Dragnet ( TV Series ) ... Jean Reynolds	1
Le Verrier predicted the position of this new planet and sent his calculations to German astronomer Johann Gottfried Galle .	3
Basil of Caesarea , earnestly sought the aid and encouragement of Damasus against an apparently triumphant Arianism .	3
The tomb of Pope Honorius IV is in the church of Santa Maria in Aracoeli in Rome .	3
Ribot was born in Saint-Omer , Pas-de-Calais .	0
At that time , it still housed residential apartments .	1
Even before secularization , the Indian population had declined , and the adobe buildings slowly began to fall apart from wet weather and lack of maintenance .	5
He also created portraits and self-portraits .	0
The HIBCC Board of Directors oversees HIBCC operations and sets policy .	1
Today this view is blocked by tall trees .	1
In 2010 his original artwork was in the exhibition " The Record : Contemporary Art and Vinyl " at the Nasher Museum of Art at Duke University .	5
Two prototypes were built of the Il-8 .	0
All check constraints and not-null constraints on a parent table are automatically inherited by its children .	3
Plutarch also linked the worsening of the piracy problem to war and did so in more specific terms .	3
Making port at Ulithi on the 18th , " Bland " proceeded on to Okinawa , sailing on 29 July with Convoy WOK-42 .	4
He was ordained in 1979 .	0
The windows made in Sèvres were installed during the Louis Philippe 's period and were designed by his daughter Marie , an artist herself .	5
Modern penguins constitute two undisputed clades and another two more basal genera with more ambiguous relationships .	3
Robert travelled to Rome to receive the gift from Honorius in 1128 .	2
The Espoonlahti organ contains 40 independent stops divided into five sets of pipes .	2
Instead , it was a new member who was emerged from the event 's promotional poster and the Hey Girl members ' blogs .	4
He was one of the Seven Against Thebes , and the father of Diomedes , who is frequently known by the patronymic " Tydides " .	5
The effectiveness of the system was amply demonstrated in Desert Storm , where not a single British Army Challenger tank was lost to enemy tank fire .	5
Many of the dances are fairly old .	0
Serj Tankian had no involvement with the video .	1
He often appointed them to special missions and to bishoprics , and gave them exclusive charge of the Inquisition .	3
He is carving the lamb in order to pass it to the other part of the table . < br >	4
His opponents on both flanks were incensed .	0
She studied at the Paris Conservatoire with Isidor Philipp and Marguerite Long , and worked with Fauré , Saint-Saëns and Ravel among others .	4
During the Pueblo Revolt , the Hopis razed the church at Awatovi and killed the priests operating at the other Hopi villages .	4
He added : " No country the Pope has visited has remained the same after his departure .	3
Cadillac may also refer to :	0
Prior to that , beginning in the 17th century it was the residence of the Queen Mothers Marie de ' Medici and Anne of Austria .	5
Crete has its own distinctive Mantinades poetry .	0
There are 200 picnic tables with barbecues located throughout the park , plus four group picnic areas which may be reserved .	4
After obtaining his Ph.D. he worked as Assistant Professor of Political Science at the University of Mannheim under Rudolf Wildenmann .	4
In 1957 , the interceptor aircraft were upgraded from the Korean War era F-94A Starfes to the more capable F-89J Scorpion .	4
The Orlovskoye Polesye national park is partly located in the district .	1
" 2008 Asian Men 's Junior Handball Championship	0
Heterozygotes are clinically normal , although their neutrophils may be mistaken for immature cells which may cause mistreatment in a clinical setting .	4
Cards with a greater than 90 % valid rate command higher prices .	2
At the , Eureka had a population of 626 .	1
In Greek mythology , Tydeus ( ; Ancient Greek : Τυδεύς " Tūdeus " ) was an Aeolian hero of the generation before the Trojan War .	5
Tombaugh also discovered many asteroids .	0
Additionally , the kitchen was remodeled and the Memorial Garden created .	1
In 1951 a copy of the 55 HP Bulldog was produced by Industrias Aeronáuticas y Mecánicas del Estado in Argentina .	4
The two were elected simultaneously ( Damasus ' election was held in San Lorenzo in Lucina ) .	3
One of Britain 's preeminent historians dismisses the myth with a logical assessment of evidence .	2
The Crystal Palace transmitting station was built on the former Aquarium site in the mid-1950s and still serves as one of London 's main television transmission masts .	5
St. Paul 's adds evidence to this hypothesis . "	1
By 2000 , with the departure of Mauro Cantoro and Roberto Farfan from the team , Alva entered the starting eleven .	4
On 4 April 1939 he was confirmed as a pilot officer .	1
Fay " Mule " Wilson ( September 10 , 1901 – July 18 , 1937 ) was an American football player .	4
" St. Luke 's Episcopal Church ( Jackson , Tennessee )	1
The regimental colors are decorated with :	0
Later in the quarter , Justin Forsett broke a 25-yard run to the Bears 3-yard line , which set up Arian Foster 's 2-yard touchdown catch .	5
" 2009 Kent State Golden Flashes football team	0
Past this intersection , the route becomes a two-lane road that heads into downtown New Brunswick , south of the main campus of Rutgers University .	5
They were a cartoonist ’ s view of women ’ s ability to bewitch men .	2
The extreme environment provided many challenges .	0
Ivor Jones Insurance was the next sponsor and their agreement with the club lasted for two seasons .	3
Gary Potts lost his popularity with people of Bear Island and since then never has been chosen as a chief .	4
In August 2007 , Sun submitted an improved benchmark score of 813.73 SPECjAppServer2004 JOPS @ Standard .	3
It is obtained from small thorny flowering trees of the genus " Commiphora " , which is a part of the incense-tree family ( Burseraceae ) .	5
For one , he claims that at the city of Urium , Diomedes was making a canal to the sea when he was summoned home to Argos .	5
Both have since obtained their own buildings .	0
He then moved from Caenum to Amisus ( modern Samsun , on the north coast of Anatolia ) .	3
Before starting his career as a writer , Goodkind built cabinets and violins , and was a marine and wildlife artist , selling his paintings in galleries .	5
The B 'nai Israel congregation was chartered in 1885 .	1
The roots of the plant , are used to treat urinary disorders and kidney troubles .	2
Some freedoms are allowed , like gearbox coolers , giving the cars increased performance and components longevity .	3
There , Erin Hannon ( Ellie Kemper ) tries to make Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) jealous by flirting with Dwight Schrute ( Rainn Wilson ) .	5
When the fortress of Pydna fell , Cassander ordered Olympias killed , but the soldiers refused to harm the mother of Alexander the Great .	5
Some of the buyers that year were , Wm .	1
You must open your arms wider .	0
Speed and pressure are vital to sweeping .	0
Standing near the Administration Building and the Student Alumni Union is The Sentinel , a steel structure created by the acclaimed metal sculptor , Albert Paley .	5
Menoetius gave Patroclus to Peleus , Achilles ' father , who named Patroclus one of Achilles ' " henchmen " as Patroclus and Achilles grew up together .	5
The " Angelicum " preserves the original copy of Wojtyła 's typewritten thesis .	2
But Typhon , twining his snaky coils around Zeus , was able to wrest away the sickle and cut the sinews from Zeus ' hands and feet .	5
The 149th was directly assigned to the Texas Air National Guard , being operationally gained by the Air Defense Command 33d Air Division .	4
At the court in Lisbon , he was the councilor and spokesman for King Afonso III in church matters .	3
Polymerization that is not sufficiently moderated and proceeds at a fast rate can be very hazardous .	3
One natural hybrid with " N. mirabilis " has been recorded .	1
Roncalli was nonetheless a descendant of an Italian noble family , albeit from a secondary and impoverished branch .	3
A memorial plaque in New College recognizes Steer 's work for the college .	2
They have to identify real people by connecting with their genetic similarities .	2
American correspondence spoke of " parallel endeavours for peace and the alleviation of suffering " .	2
The king held them in check with difficulty and had to pretend that he was testing Pompey .	3
It was built for Paul de Choudens , a writer of librettos and musical editor .	2
But on that day a small group of warriors staged an attack on nearby white settlers , which led to the Nez Perce War .	5
Tensions rose , and in May 1877 , General Oliver Otis Howard called a council and ordered the non-treaty bands to move to the reservation .	5
He served as the second Lieutenant Governor of Idaho .	1
The organ was taken into use in a festive ceremony on May 22 , 1983 .	2
An alternative form is " tígh " .	0
The following players entered the top 10 for the first time in their careers :	2
- " The Last Speech " - Egyptian Channel 1	1
That we may yield our hearts to thine obedience	1
In 1942 , the Slovak chargé d 'affaires told Pius that Slovak Jews were being sent to concentration camps .	3
In February 536 , he appeared in the capital of the East .	2
Shortly after the death of Julia , Crassus died at the Battle of Carrhae ( May 53 BC ) .	3
At the end of the 19th century in the Far West , a farmer is fighting for his right to plough the plains .	4
Even though the axon completely controlled the synthesis of these proteins , the axon alone isn ’ t enough for myelinogenesis .	4
In particular , he proposed his version of quantum mutual entropy .	1
March 2007 saw the commencement of a three-year building and modernisation programme to improve the overall condition of the school .	4
The larger the Pareto index , the smaller the proportion of very high-income people .	2
The flight had a crew of 9 .	0
By the 1920s , it had become the dominant style in Paris .	2
It is located in the Leh tehsil .	0
and sometimes confused with the nearby Baishui .	0
Pallette attended Culver Military Academy in Culver , Indiana .	1
The nearest airports served by major commercial airlines are San Jose International Airport , Monterey Regional Airport , San Francisco International Airport , and Oakland International Airport .	5
Much the same as a peat bog , these areas are known for their prolific fossil production , particularly those of ancient mastodons .	4
The outer arms are not joined to each other by a web and the inner arms are connected by a vestigial web remnant .	4
were among the best known of a crowded field .	1
During development of rocket engines in Germany during World War II J-2 Diesel fuel was used as the fuel component in several engines including the BMW 109-718 .	5
Diomedes follows Homeric tradition closely and having absolute faith on the superiority of fate , he predicts the conclusion of Achilles ' efforts to go against fate .	5
His final canonization was that of Vincent Pallotti on 20 January 1963 .	2
The 147th was directly assigned to the Texas Air National Guard , being operationally gained by the Air Defense Command 33d Air Division .	4
The Sonderpreisjury consists of three members and changes every year .	1
Manuchar Dadiani was a younger son of Levan I Dadiani , Prince of Mingrelia .	2
He also wrote interpretations of the Qur 'an , mostly based on the Sunna and translated the Qur 'an from Arabic to Hausa .	4
Despite their tiny size both adults and children race them at speeds of up to in organized racing leagues .	3
Chris Hesketh played right- , i.e .	0
Louis XIV signed the Edict of Fontainebleau at the Château on 22 October 1685 , revoking the policy of tolerance towards Protestants begun by Henry IV .	5
The Regency Town House is located at 13 Brunswick Square near the beach in Hove .	2
Germany 's Jan Ullrich won the event in 1999 , beating Swedish rider Michael Andersson by fourteen seconds around the course in Treviso .	4
John Paul II was rushed into the Vatican complex and then to the Gemelli Hospital .	2
Most other Unix-like systems could also work ; most modern do support .	2
" Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church ( Chattanooga , Tennessee )	1
Then , " Love Ward " was also announced to appear in " Just Dance 2018 " with the same Miku-resembling dancer .	4
10 ) , and a monodrama , " Pausin Johanna " by Cees van der Pluijm ( 1996 ) .	3
In the latter function he was permanent vice-chancellor of the University and de facto in charge of hiring .	3
The Holy See has done whatever was in its power , with charitable , financial and moral assistance .	3
Their only loss came on the last day of the season against Notre Dame .	2
Health , safety and welfare of crew , Civil search and rescue	1
From the thighs downward he had huge coils of vipers , which when drawn out , reached to his very head and emitted a loud hissing .	5
The road is a busy dual-carriageway , the B3250 , with eight sets of traffic lights / pelican crossings .	3
Sivayoga Muni , Patañjali , Vyaghrapada and I ( Thirumoolar ) < br >	2
From 1964 he worked in Britain and Europe as a researcher .	1
The four registered parties were :	0
Though such views are justified , Joule went on to estimate a value for the mechanical equivalent of heat of 1034 foot-pound from Rumford 's publications .	5
1972-1974 Banacek ( TV Series ) ... Carlie Kirkland	1
( Stefano was in therapy dealing with his relationship with his own mother while writing the script . )	3
He prefaced books by Georg Scherg , Mihail Crama and Tudor Arghezi .	2
In March Captain Stephen Poyntz replaced Dacres .	0
The ground is situated in Central Park , very near to the residential area of Peverell .	3
Zion for 18 years and never lived within the church community .	1
The remaining Costanoan / Ohlone mission residents struggled to survive , and many became servants or agricultural laborers or " vaqueros " ( cowboys ) .	5
Ancient examples are the Greek agora and Roman forum .	1
To labor and not to ask any reward ,	1
It is licensed to Kill Devil Hills , North Carolina , and serves the Outer Banks and Hampton Roads areas .	4
" MTV Classic ( Italian TV channel )	0
" Mount Zion Church ( Decatur , Tennessee )	1
But all chances of a rematch with Sanchez were dashed when Sanchez died in a car crash outside Mexico City the morning of August 12 , 1982 .	5
Previous excursions out of the office have been blah , but the pool party setting really complimented the ensemble – and the sharp writing . "	5
Both were buried at Dorking , Surrey .	0
Initial releases into Florida failed .	0
The seat was won by the AIADMK .	0
The 146th AW 's primary mission is to provide global military airlift capability to a full spectrum of state and federal agencies .	4
Pope John Paul II was hospitalised with breathing problems caused by a bout of influenza on 1 February 2005 .	3
Strengthen us in life and comfort us in death .	1
This compact modularity has made it particularly popular as a means of adding programmable interfaces to existing applications .	3
Thajudeen was killed on 17 May 2012 following what appeared to be a car crash .	2
Tourism is also an important industry .	0
American turf historian John Hervey rates James Jackson as " the most successful importer in the history of the American thoroughbred " .	4
Since 1990 , the city 's economic structure has shifted from industrial to service-oriented .	2
The center number 62 was exceptional .	0
" 1999 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships	0
The exterior was simple and geometric , completely covered with ceramic tiles .	2
When Odysseus goes to save his men , Eurylochus refuses to guide him and urges him to escape and leave the men to their fate .	5
The theater reverted back to its original name on October 1 , 2018 .	2
Plunkett was buried in Orillia .	0
Finally Typhon attempts to wield Zeus ' thunderbolts , but they " felt the hands of a novice , and all their manly blaze was unmanned . "	5
In 2012 , several ice sculptures of the Character Vocal series and several snow sculptures of Miku were produced for the event .	4
Mangahas acknowledged that the SWS surveys did not include the penalties .	1
To Live Again can refer to :	0
Between 1954 and 1961 he won the Emsley Carr Mile a record four times .	2
The shows were booked through vaudeville houses .	0
His fate was debated by the Greeks , for if he were allowed to live , it was feared he would avenge his father and rebuild Troy .	5
Their car uses Racing Miku ( an official Hatsune Miku derivative wearing an orange race queen suit ) as their image .	4
A relay was launched in Makeni in January 2012 using 103.3 MHz and for Kenema in May 2017 using 104.9 MHz .	4
Marine processes tend to dominate the majority of morphodynamic conditions until there is a large enough flood event in the associated river to breach the barrier .	5
and that " Psycho depended heavily on Herrmann 's music for its tension and sense of pervading doom . "	3
Three people were killed in the bombing .	0
During the High Middle Ages , German immigration and assimilation of the Slavic Pomeranians ( ) introduced Low German	3
" , as explored in augmented reality .	0
Caesar crossed the Alps with a legion and arrived at Ravenna , close to the border with Italy .	3
Jerome speaks of him as a man of great holiness who was rich in his poverty .	3
The hallways also functioned as spectator space during intermissions .	1
( plain text and HTML )	0
Tombaugh 's task was to systematically capture sections of the night sky in pairs of images .	3
The chateau was surrounded by a new park in the style of the Italian Renaissance garden , with pavilions and the first grotto in France .	5
At the Battle of the Abas , he hid his infantry and got the cavalry to go ahead .	3
Byrne 's playlists have included African popular music , country music classics , vox humana , classical opera and film scores from Italian movies .	5
This decision was announced on 25 January 1959 at the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls .	3
Papal armies took possession of various towns , including Maenza , Roccasecca and Trevi nel Lazio .	3
The strategy replaced the 1968 " Sydney Region Outline Plan " ( SROP ) .	2
They ceased originating loans on April 3 , 2008 .	1
The number 4 was an auspicious association for treasure ships .	1
Purgaz or Inäzor Purgaz ( , , " Purgas " ) was an Erzän leader in the first half of the 13th century .	4
The proportion of principal residences , which were the properties of occupants , was 34.0 % , down from 1999 ( 35.3 % ) .	5
The unidentified taxon ( " N. " cf .	1
Captain C. Woolaston briefly replaced Hill .	0
While many Ariels and Commanders are used for casual daysailing , an active one design racing community still operates in San Francisco .	4
Almost immediately , some astronomers questioned Pluto 's status as a planet .	2
Suffering from being monotonic , the final showdown between father and daughter , the critics commented , was the only part really making an impact .	5
It expressed concern about conservative elements within the KSČ and so-called " foreign " forces .	2
's sudden somber outlook and discusses it with Dr. Melfi .	1
By the beginning of 1930 , Tombaugh 's search had reached the constellation of Gemini .	2
To do our duty and to enjoy our play	1
Chase began production of farm tractors in 1911 .	1
The thick concrete roof was high , vaulted , supported on eight pillars .	2
Anssi Koivuranta from Finland became overall winner .	0
In rare cases , rejected designs are brought back and released in a later generation .	2
1983 It 's Not Easy ( TV Series )	1
During these years Paulinus engaged in considerable epistolary dialogue with St. Jerome among others about monastic topics .	3
The 1985 season brought high hopes .	0
" French weapons in the American Civil War	0
In 1935 , Pacelli was named Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church .	2
The studies on a rat optic nerve revealed that 15 days post-natal is when an increase in myelination is observed .	4
1975 Police Story ( TV Series ) ... Carrie	1
These two terms are the primary components of every hadith .	1
In turn , the Church experienced severe persecution and mass deportations of Catholic clergy in the Eastern Bloc .	3
Picasso was later replaced by another female named Willow .	1
Prague launched a bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics , but failed to make the candidate city shortlist .	3
This is filler , really , which unfortunately tends to be unavoidable when you do 22-episode seasons and you 're eight years in . "	5
The process can be iterated .	0
" Pope Peter I of Alexandria	0
The 3 : 2 resonance is a low-order resonance and the strongest and most stable among all resonances .	3
Once in the UK , the unit engaged in friendly competition with active duty flyers in " Giant Voice " .	4
But he played as fullback .	0
The 196th , 197th and 198th Fighter Squadrons were all re-designations of the 373d Fighter Group 's operational squadrons during World War II .	4
The building 's east facade features a large sign reading " Hello World " .	2
Portland cement may be grey or white .	0
In 2008 – 2009 , RIT awarded 2,483 bachelor 's degrees , 912 master 's degrees , 10 doctorates , and 523 other certificates and diplomas .	5
A few weeks later , after new elections at the club , interim coach Edgar Ospina was removed for Nunes to be re-instated .	4
Prague is composed of 112 cadastral territories of different size , character and importance .	2
The company also hosted Twitter in its early days .	1
The B-side to the 7 " single , " Walk Tall " is featured as the tenth track on " Sugar Tax " .	4
Blender is extensively documented on its website , with the rest of the support provided via community tutorials and discussion forums on the Internet .	5
The pope died before he could reveal these names , therefore meaning that these appointments were never legitimized .	3
" Responsible Parenthood and Reproductive Health Act of 2012	1
Many alpha , beta , and release-candidates are also released as previews and for testing before final releases .	3
Spectators were therefore allowed to walk within the course .	1
Pompey was going to have his superior cavalry outflank Caesar 's left wing and rout his army .	3
Chief Joseph considered military resistance futile , and by June 14 , 1877 , had gathered about 600 people at a site near present-day Grangeville , Idaho .	5
Most of the buildings have been renovated and transformed into housing much of which is for students , many of whom are in the quarter .	5
In each episode a person is thanked in a unique and creative way .	2
The Anne Potter Wilson Music Library is a division of the Jean and Alexander Heard Library system located in Blair .	4
By the 1890s the Palace 's popularity and state of repair had deteriorated ; the appearance of stalls and booths had made it a more downmarket attraction .	5
It was panned by the critics .	0
An estimated 70,000 fled immediately with an eventual total of some 300,000 .	2
Myrrha made Sardanapalus appear at the head of his armies , but after winning three successive battles in this way he was eventually defeated .	5
1 Croydon ( formerly the NLA Tower ) stands at the end of the road on an island in between a roundabout .	4
The enthalpy of vaporization is 35.09 kJ · mol at the boiling point and normal pressure .	3
He plays as a striker .	0
The line is then inserted using the Seldinger technique : a blunt guidewire is passed through the needle , then the needle is removed .	5
This religious conception is seen in all of Fergola 's mathematical works .	2
There Paulinus was accepted in place of the widow 's son , and employed as gardener .	3
PostgreSQL natively supports a broad number of external authentication mechanisms , including :	2
Special award for lifetime achievement : Gudrun Pausewang ( author )	1
A new series of the goddess Diana was done by Merry-Joseph Blondel and Abel de Pujol , using the painted frames prepared for Napoleon 's cycle .	5
1972 Mannix ( TV Series ) ... Alison Bramante	1
Known as the " Coptic " component , it peaks among Egyptian Copts who settled in Sudan over the past two centuries .	4
However , he was outnumbered and Pompey sent a large cavalry force to outflank his troops .	3
After one season with the Martyrs he moved to Gateshead in June 2017 .	2
The NHL also would divide the ten teams into two divisions , and the Senators found themselves in the Canadian Division .	4
1989 Freddy 's Nightmares ( TV Series ) ... Dr. Weiss	1
" I was sick and now I am cured , " she told reporter Gerry Shaw .	3
for damaging his mother 's car while driving it without permission .	1
This later became the basilica of Saint Lawrence outside the Walls in Rome .	2
This angered Pompey who marched on Judea and went to the fortress of Alexandreium , where Aristobulus fled to .	3
In April 2017 , Andy released a long awaited album Agenda 21 .	2
Afrianius drove him out and pursued him as far as the area of Arbela , in northern Mesopotamia .	3
He left at the end of the season after 25 appearances in the league .	2
The first PostgreSQL release formed version 6.0 on January 29 , 1997 .	2
And make us a blessing to our comrades .	1
He included a " pastoral year " , an introduction into the practice of parish work .	3
In them , new data has to be entered by a Wikipedia editor ( i.e .	2
According to historian James Weinstein :	0
Many of its major features were backported to Python 2.6.x and 2.7.x version series .	2
The registry was originally housed in Moro , Oregon ; but in 1947 the organization moved to Moscow , Idaho , under the leadership of George Hatley .	5
all integer values 1 to 10 ) or continuous ranges ( e.g .	2
1981 Nero Wolfe ( TV Series ) ... Melanie Davidson	1
He later established the Indo Ethiopian Textiles Share Company , which was the first major joint venture by any Indian industrialist .	4
Additionally , it uses Apple 's Webkit rendering engine , rather than Mozilla 's Gecko .	2
Wächter died in Dresden in 1853 .	0
The unit deployed one aircraft and 130 personnel to provide reconnaissance support to the region with its Pacer Coin capability .	4
Ki Hadjar Dewantara proposed that religious affairs should be handled by Ministry of Home Affairs .	2
One of the consuls for 67 BC , Manius Acilius Glabrio , was appointed to succeed Lucullus .	3
The turbines were manufactured by Dominion Engineering Works .	1
She appeared in 63 films between 1916 and 1934 , with prominent roles in Western films populating much of her early career .	4
Méline was born at Remiremont .	0
The result was a Byzantine victory .	0
In 1526 , the Bohemian estates elected Ferdinand I of the House of Habsburg .	2
There are airports at Mangalore and Kannur International Airport | Calicut ] ] .	2
They 're thinking from their own experience .	0
The first turnover forced was in the first half , when Lance Briggs stripped the ball from Mikel Leshoure , which was recovered by Julius Peppers .	5
Editors of the event included : Oficina del Doctor of the Casa Reigner Gallery , Kristina McLean , The Silueta and Toluca .	4
The series has a large fanbase .	0
" Qu 'Appelle " also had an uneventful career , used primarily as a training ship and for general fleet duties .	4
But mostly he worked in television .	0
By 2013 a team of 20 artists worked together to create new species designs .	2
Penguins appear to have no special fear of humans , and will approach groups of people without hesitation .	3
In contemporary society pasta is ubiquitous , and individuals can find a variety of types in local supermarkets .	3
The ziggurats began as a platform ( usually oval , rectangular or square ) , the ziggurat was a mastaba-like structure with a flat top .	5
It was not ordered into production .	0
Rules allow the " query tree " of an incoming query to be rewritten .	2
Pope Adrian was crowned at St. Peter 's Basilica on 31 August 1522 , at the age of 63 .	3
On the advice of Primaticcio , Niccolò dell 'Abbate ( from Modena ) was invited to France in 1552 by François 's son Henri II .	5
16 , and the A major String Quartet , K. 464 , for Beethoven 's A major String Quartet Op .	4
This is a list of programs which made their premiere on Australian subscription television that had previously premiered on Australian free-to-air television .	4
The City brought suit in state court to enforce the liens , and India and Mongolia removed the suit to federal court .	4
Many films have been made at Barrandov Studios and at Prague Studios .	2
The rectangular metal framework of the exterior was entirely covered and brightened with floral designs .	2
The letters from Jerome to Damasus are examples of the primacy of the See of Peter :	3
Parle Tilak Vidyalaya English Medium School ( PTVEMS ) is an English-medium school located in Vile Parle East in Mumbai , India .	4
The centre was based at Oberpfaffenhofen Airfield .	0
He also deposed the bishops of Termoli and Trivento who were accused of simony .	2
A formal newsletter called The Currahee !	0
" Helenus , a son of Priam , was king over these Greek cities of Epirus , having succeeded to the throne and bed of Pyrrhus ... "	5
John Deere purchased Lanz in 1956 and started using the name " John Deere-Lanz " for the Lanz product line .	4
Special low-temperature diesel contains additives to keep it liquid at lower temperatures , but starting a diesel engine in very cold weather may still pose considerable difficulties .	5
These dishes are usually cooked for gatherings and special occasions , like family reunions or Christmas .	3
Member of the Editorial Board of International Journals :	1
Mappy ) , or b ) move to a different screen ( e.g .	2
The 115th was a re-designation of the original California National Guard pre-war 115th Observation Squadron with origins dating to 1917 .	4
Cardinal Aloisius Muench and the Guilt Question in Germany " ( 2006 ) underlines Goñi 's findings .	3
Query Re-Write occurs after DML statement parsing , but before query planning .	2
His body was all winged : unkempt hair streamed on the wind from his head and cheeks ; and fire flashed from his eyes .	5
It numbered seven communities as of 2014 .	0
He went to Tibet several times on foot , and also other regions of Himalayas .	2
While the teacher was effective , it was impossible for her to attend to the needs of every child in the class .	4
Metellus took advantage of his enemy 's poor morale , bringing many towns allied to Sertorius under subjection .	3
Featherstone and Romeroh struggle to escape a flooding well , but Markey rescues them .	2
This theological investigative freedom does not , however , extend to all aspects of theology .	2
Yu and Chen announced the first version ( 0.01 ) to beta testers on May 5 , 1995 .	3
It includes new residential suites .	0
" J. M. G. Le Clézio bibliography	0
More than 100 combat sorties were flown by 146th aircraft and crews , with no casualties or damage to aircraft .	4
In 2011 , Mary-Kate and Ashley teamed up with TOMS Shoes to design footwear for kids without shoes in more than 20 countries worldwide .	5
Omiodes antidoxa is a moth of the Crambidae family .	1
The radiator grille bars were often removed to allow more airflow to better cool the engine in the hot desert climate .	4
In later Roman mythology ( notably Virgil 's " Aeneid " ) , Latinus , or Lavinius , was a king of the Latins .	5
Dubček , who had been arrested on the night of 20 August , was taken to Moscow for negotiations .	3
Protestantism was introduced to Cuba by the British in 1741 and especially after their conquest of Western Cuba in 1762 . < br >	4
The signal box was demolished in 1970 .	0
However , Romeroh stays awake after she lost grip of her phone .	2
All except the # 5 were formerly streetcar routes .	1
exemplary conduct and heroic devotion to duty .	0
Allen 's was opened by Allen Saine .	0
Gen. Daniel W. Adams ' entrenched brigade .	0
The competition was won by Sport .	0
The 146th Fighter Group was bestowed the lineage , history , honors , and colors of the 373d Fighter Group .	4
This speech would later become known as the so-called ' Speech of the Moon ' .	2
It was named " El Arroyo de la Santisima Cruz , which translates literally as " The Stream of the Most Holy Cross " ) .	5
Entered service at : Boston , Mass .	0
Voters went to the polls to elect :	0
Internationally , Hitchcock was forced to make minor changes to the film , mostly to the shower scene .	3
He called for a ceasefire and condemned the massacres on 10 April and 15 May 1990 .	3
We may know that a movie featuring Brad Pitt as Jesse James was released in September 2007 in select theaters across America .	4
They first occupied the Ruzyně International Airport , where air deployment of more troops was arranged .	3
The Gulshan Garden is one of the oldest gardens in Shiraz .	1
His brother Groucho jokingly said he named himself in honour of Harpocrates , as a god of both silence and childhood , or childish joy .	5
Other influences on the concept include Ultraman , anime , and playing video games in general .	3
The line was upgraded to C17 use .	0
In 2008 , Bae signed with Incheon Korail after graduating from Konkuk University .	2
The congregation was organized in the years after the Civil War .	1
The Encyclopædia Britannica described Cornwell 's depiction of Pius XII as anti-Semitic as lacking " credible substantiation " .	3
He was much admired for his stylish comic drawings and flamboyant use of colour .	2
Using pulleys and ropes hung from the apex of the shear , the navvies hoisted the columns , girders and other parts into place .	5
Honorius repeated that his hands were tied , as he had just appointed a cardinal for that post .	3
225th Mixed Brigade may refer to :	0
Beginning in about 1528 , Francis constructed the Gallery Francis I , which allowed him to pass directly from his apartments to the chapel of the Trinitaires .	5
They must be able to function independently .	0
A storm damaged the cemetery in 2015 , breaking its Civil War memorial .	2
Hapua are non-estuarine , there is no tidal inflow however the tide does have an effect on the level of water in the lagoon .	5
Davis does state that the terms " lagoon " and " estuary " are " often loosely applied , even in scientific literature . "	5
Not receiving any support from Constantinople , the popes looked for help to the Franks .	2
Taxi services make pick-ups on the streets or operate from regulated taxi stands .	2
They did so , and , faced with no opposition , the Epigoni entered the city , plundering its treasures and tearing down its great walls .	5
It was left to his successor , Pope Gregory IX , to insist upon their accomplishment .	3
According to some interpretations , Diomedes is represented in the epic as the most valiant soldier of the war , who avoids committing hubris .	5
Upon federal activation in December 1990 , all eight of the unit ’ s KC-135 's deployed to the Middle East .	4
Alfred Junge worked as Art Director .	0
Critic Thomas Philbrick , also notes the importance of historical realism in the novel .	2
Nuaimi is an engineer by profession .	0
She then raised her hands and said a prayer , which was heard by Zeus who took pity on her and turned her into a tree .	5
In May 2007 , the congregation recommended that Pius XII should be declared Venerable .	2
Most parts of the plant are virtually glabrous .	1
There are over 175 autos on display .	0
Hasfield Court is a Grade II * listed building in Hasfield , Gloucestershire , England .	2
Trails were transformed into roads , and flour mills were built along the Jones Falls , Gwynns Falls , and Patapsco River .	4
There are a few aeroclubs around Prague , such as the Točná airfield .	2
On a cellular level , the study experimentally demonstrated that OLIG1 is necessary in order to stimulate myelination by oligodendrocytes in the brain .	4
Bridgette Meinhold is originally from Oklahoma .	0
However , in Germany , Hermann Helmholtz became aware both of Joule 's work and the similar 1842 work of Julius Robert von Mayer .	5
Timothy M. Kusky characterizes lagoons as normally being elongated parallel to the coast , while estuaries are usually drowned river valleys , elongated perpendicular to the coast .	5
The critics called it tuneful fun .	0
Roncalli left France for Venice on 23 February 1953 stopping briefly in Milan and then to Rome .	3
The " Bibliography " is alphabetical by author , with a topical index , and includes evaluative comments on the works , drawing on numerous sources .	5
Dwight initially refuses , but , after realizing that Erin 's choosing him as her co-conspirator is flattering to his attractiveness , agrees to help .	5
Route 27 follows Somerset Street northeast through residential and commercial areas , passing by the community of Somerset on the west side of the road .	5
The following year , Frenchman Laurent Jalabert beat Ukraine 's Serhiy Honchar to the world title by three seconds in Valkenburg .	4
" First United Presbyterian Church ( Athens , Tennessee )	1
Ridgeway officially retired from acting in 1934 , making her final screen appearance in Rouben Mamoulian 's " We Live Again " .	4
He was elected a corresponding member of the Romanian Academy in 1933 .	2
" Chícharo " is one of the 40 sectors of Santurce .	1
The 3-nitropyridine can be obtained instead by reacting pyridine with dinitrogen pentoxide in presence of sodium .	3
After completing his schooling in Angers in 1926 , he went to Charles Lorin stained glass workshop in Chartres , France .	4
< poem > For this time and this place ,	1
Samkhya philosophy , which is sometimes seen as the basis of Yogic thought , adopts a view that matter exists independently of individual minds .	5
Concordia College and University has no primary physical address or campus .	1
However , Hawn failed to make the 2008 Olympic judo team .	1
He graduated from Westview Secondary School in 2004 .	1
The use of small , frequent feedings and partial substitution of medium-chain triglycerides for polyunsaturated fats appears to be beneficial .	4
Hitchcock later re-shot the scene , though a little of the cut footage made its way into the film .	3
Six days later , the Bears announced that they will not bring back quarterback Caleb Hanie , who was subsequently signed by the Denver Broncos .	5
Neoptolemos was originally called Pyrrhos , because his father had taken Pyrrha , the female version of that name , while disguised as a woman .	5
Additionally , speculation of a possible trans-Neptunian planet has revolved around the so-called " Kuiper cliff " .	3
Cape Palliser lighthouse is a lighthouse at Cape Palliser in the Wellington region of the North Island of New Zealand .	4
This reign also came to an end quick , Gómez being handed his 3rd loss at the hands of young Alfredo Layne by knockout in 9 rounds .	5
Ordinary citizens drove injured people and burn victims to the hospital .	1
As president of the Liberal Party , was elected Vice President of Cuba in 1954 as a compromise candidate under Fulgencio Batista .	4
Conrad found little help in Italy and with Honorius ’ support , Lothair was able to keep his throne .	3
The depot was a hill-top installation next to Kadena Air Base .	1
A big temple is currently under construction in the village .	1
He was President of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh from 2000 − 2003 .	2
Paul von Hindenburg , Gustav Stresemann , and other members of the Cabinet were regular guests .	3
Though the rumor turned out to be false he did require a photograph from each female applicant since " you cannot polish a pumpkin " .	5
The Goudi coup of 1909 resulted in the arrival of Eleftherios Venizelos and the August 1910 elections for a Revisoniary Parliament .	4
He was energetic on this point and regretted that in the case of Galileo " .	2
The U.S. annual consumption of diesel fuel in 2006 was about 190 billion litres ( 42 billion imperial gallons or 50 billion US gallons ) .	5
" New Bethel Baptist Church ( Oak Ridge , Tennessee )	1
It is well connected with karaikal and kumbakonam .	1
The Prague State Opera ( Státní opera ) performs at the Smetana Theatre .	2
Apple 's share fell to 58 % from 68 % .	1
Spence coached at NC Central through the 2003-04 season .	1
The head of the Labor Council , John Robertson , was also an ETU man .	2
The calligraphy of modern Mon script follows that of modern Burmese .	1
At this narrowing , a network of narrow canals led to the construction of bridges and buildings including textile mills in the Middle Ages .	5
The buildings were occupied by the Central School of the Department of Seine-et-Marne , until 1803 , when Napoleon I installed a military school there .	5
She is one of three children .	0
This song , too , rose to # 1 on the iTunes World music charts .	2
Offensive coordinator Mike Martz later resigned from his position , and on January 7 , the Bears promoted offensive line coach Mike Tice to Martz 's role .	5
They spend roughly half of their lives on land and the other half in the sea .	3
The school 's team currently competes in the Big West Conference .	1
Head - Chapligina Elena Victorovna , MD , PhD	1
He was educated at the Leven Academy , Alexandria , West Dunbartonshire .	2
As a rookie in 1955 , he played at the halfback position for five games before being switched to the offensive end position .	4
In contrast to the nitration and sulfonation , the direct bromination and chlorination of pyridine proceed well .	3
The European Parliament did not send observers .	0
They also had a ceremonial function .	0
The first quartet features Jan Hammer again along with George Benson and	1
He was fascinated by electricity , and he and his brother experimented by giving electric shocks to each other and to the family 's servants .	5
He briefly established an Italian antiques business before returning to cooking .	1
The methodological solipsist believes that subjective impressions ( empiricism ) or innate knowledge ( rationalism ) are the sole possible or proper starting point for philosophical construction .	5
The school underwent an extensive redevelopment programme during the 1960s , which saw many of the original structures replaced with modern buildings .	4
They continue to serve throughout Illinois , Indiana , Pennsylvania , New York , Connecticut , Texas , Michigan and Ohio .	4
In act 5 , scene 2 the main character Othello compares himself to a myrrh tree with its constant stream of tears ( Myrrha 's tears ) .	5
They married two years later .	0
They sent out fleets when ‘ they were stirred by individual reports ’ and these did not achieve anything .	3
Rounding towards negative infinity , though different from most languages , adds consistency .	2
The current Oval Office was completed in 1934 .	1
Tenzin Gyatso , the 14th Dalai Lama , visited John Paul II eight times .	2
The rococo-style auditorium was mainly white and gold .	1
On 30 June 1991 the units / personnel were released from active duty performed in support of the Persian Gulf War .	4
Empress Sima was therefore also demoted to Princess of Yingyang .	1
Similar objects were found at the scene .	0
This predator-proof fence was completed in September 2016 .	1
There is also a military airport in Ruwaished .	1
He played Mozart piano concertos with the Bonn court orchestra and performed ( playing viola ) in Mozart 's operas .	4
Appaloosas that are homozygous for the leopard complex ( LP ) gene are also at risk for congenital stationary night blindness ( CSNB ) .	5
Anomalies resembling Pelger – Huët anomaly that are acquired rather than congenital have been described as pseudo Pelger – Huët anomaly .	4
He then attended Stanford Law School , receiving his I.D .	1
On later trips to Poland , he gave tacit support to the Solidarity organisation .	2
Ventongimps Moor , near Zelah , Cornwall	0
The Album was remastered in 2007 by El Farolito Discos .	1
The Van Nuys location manufactured the Chevrolet Impala , the Chevrolet Corvair , and later was the primary location for the Chevrolet Nova and the Chevrolet Camaro .	5
In Australia , boscaiola sauce , based on bacon and mushrooms , is one favorite among many .	3
The 2009 – 10 season was the club 's 42nd in the second tier of English football .	3
He batted and threw right-handed .	0
Each of the two entities , the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Republika Srpska has their own police force .	4
He died in 681 , having held the pontificate about two years .	2
Around this time , the cult of Adonis is noted in the Book of Ezekiel in Jerusalem , though under the Babylonian name Tammuz .	5
The Cyclones were quarterbacked by Seneca Wallace .	0
Many of their subjects include mythological scenes and scenes from works of fiction by the Italian Torquato Tasso and the ancient Greek novelist Heliodorus of Emesa .	5
An example in this field is inpainting .	0
The Trojans circle him and gently ask him questions but when he does not answer they grow angry and begin to threaten to stab him .	5
Pompey divided the sea and the coast into thirteen districts , each with a commander with his own forces .	3
A week later , Marion 's sister Lila arrives in Fairvale and confronts Sam about Marion 's whereabouts .	3
According to the traditional 40-point scale :	0
He was privately educated by Mr. F. A. Moss	1
Unable to find the murderers , Diomedes founded a mythical city called " Oenoe " at the place where his grandfather was buried to honour his death .	5
The Giants then had several frustrating years .	0
For the exterior decoration , Lavirotte commissioned a team of sculptors and craftsmen .	2
The method was first introduced by Winfried Grassmann in 1977 .	1
Potter served on the Waihi Borough Council .	0
Both cities were maintained as neutral and demilitarized zones for the negotiations .	2
The story was widely believed for centuries , but most modern scholars regard it as fictional .	3
Prague is the site of many sports events , national stadiums and teams .	2
Hollywood films set in Prague include " , xXx , Blade II , Alien vs .	2
For Venerable status The Congregation for the Causes of Saints certifies the " heroic virtues " of the candidate .	3
He developed a T-Loop design for the purpose of space closure in orthodontics .	2
Wealthy Corbière seems to be courting Emma .	0
However , the Block 25 aircraft were all powered by the Pratt & Whitney F100-PW-200 turbofan , which were prone to engine stalls .	4
With C-130s units being transferred to Military Airlift Command , the junior 195th TAS was inactivated on 30 September 1974 .	4
Smith helped lead the Arkansas Razorbacks to the 1998 NCAA Division I Final Four .	2
Prague was chosen as its capital and Prague Castle as the seat of president Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk .	3
Schemas effectively act like namespaces , allowing objects of the same name to co-exist in the same database .	3
During 1944 she was again deployed in the Mediterranean and in the Aegean Sea .	2
The Khushal Khan Khattak Express is an alternative train service between Karachi City and Peshawar .	2
Above that rises , with an out jutting cornice the architrave .	1
Uropodidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata .	1
This hymn is written in praise of Lord Darbharanyeswaran .	1
As a young boy and in later life , Pacelli was an ardent follower of the Virgin Mary .	3
Distributions can also be browsed by author .	0
If the Pope had protested , Rome would have become the center of attention .	2
He took part as a frontline volunteer in World War I between 1916 and 1918 .	2
The 157th also airlifted elements of the Turkish Army to South Korea and delivered essential communications equipment to South Vietnam .	4
The first MeeGo powered tablet PC is the Neofonie WeTab .	1
any point in time between 10 : 00 am and 11 : 00 am ) .	2
The city was also the setting for the film " Dungeons and Dragons " in 2000 .	3
Sanda Dubravčić-Šimunjak ( born 24 August 1964 ) is a Croatian physician and former figure skater who competed internationally for Yugoslavia .	4
With the support of NASA the artists produced composite images of participants , enabling an interactive dance concert amongst geographically disparate performers .	4
The Devil 's Game ( ; lit .	0
Windmill Farm , on The Lizard	0
In 1994 the scope of the squadron was again enlarged with the introduction of the block 25 version of the F-16 .	4
However , the plans were canceled in 2012 after being on hold for four years .	2
However , after Sertorius had left his right wing Afrianius routed it , and took Sertorius ' camp .	3
He retired end of 2013 season .	0
The simpler roots of designs in Generation I prompted greater complexity in later games .	2
Various objects are scattered around the landscape :	0
WRPC-LP is a Contemporary Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Hampton , Virginia , serving the Hampton / Newport News area .	4
Special effects for episode 6 of Red Dwarf season X , screened in 2012 , were created using Blender as confirmed by Ben Simonds of Gecko Animation .	5
Antiochus XIII Philadelphus ( one of the last rulers of Syria ) asked for them back to no avail .	3
The Castle of Monolithos is widely ruined today but it offers great views of the sea and the two islets opposite to it .	4
He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1964 Summer Olympics .	2
By the end of 1978 , the 157th Air Refueling Group was fully established as one of the " Best " in SAC .	4
He disliked stars ' salary demands and trusted only a few people to choose prospective material , including Robertson .	3
He took funds from the tax collectors , borrowed money to hire soldiers , and armed 2,000 men .	3
reduction in grooming and failure to concentrate .	0
A special book by David Howe was published ; titled , " Exhall Grange School : The First Fifty years " .	4
In 2001 , she was named Miss Yugoslavia .	1
The armchairs at the table for the ministers are by Marcion ( 1806 ) and the folding chairs for advisors are by Jacob-Desmalter ( 1808 ) .	5
The product includes a specially designed case and other features illustrated by Fuzichoco , an illustrator at Crypton Future Media .	4
When he became pope in 1978 at the age of 58 , John Paul II was an avid sportsman .	3
The naval battle was decided in the Sicilians ' favour , and the Byzantine commander was captured .	3
It compiles Python programs into an intermediate bytecode which is then executed by its virtual machine .	3
This hadith is in direct contradiction to the Quranic injunction :	1
Lowell 's sudden death in 1916 temporarily halted the search for Planet X .	2
Client applications can use threads and create multiple database connections from each thread .	2
Pacelli 's blood-curdling screams could be heard throughout the papal apartments . "	2
During Perry 's tenure with the Cheetahs , the club produced five Canadian Olympians , including Perry 's daughter , Tara Self .	4
They conveyed it to those after them as they were commanded .	1
It was entirely filmed in Romania .	0
Date of issue : August 24 , 1869 .	1
Giacomo Savelli was born in Rome into the rich and influential family of the Savelli .	2
Alexandru Lungu ( April 23 , 1924 – 2008 ) was a Romanian poet .	2
Liberty consisted of freshmen and sophomore 's .	0
In 2009 HSI negotiated with DSHV .	0
With hydrochloric acid it forms a crystalline hydrochloride salt that melts at 145 – 147 ° C .	3
Serenianus was born in Pannonia .	0
Gregory 's father , Gordianus , held the position of Regionarius in the Roman Church .	2
Hawn won by technical knockout in the first round .	1
During the year of re-opening 18 handbooks were published in the Crystal Palace Library by Bradbury & Evans as guides to the new installations .	5
The cost of the latest vandalism to occur in the north of Amiens would amount , according to , to between four and six million euros .	5
Five of seven judges preferred Orser in the free skate .	1
Catholics everywhere were called upon to offer " compassion and help " to the victims of the war .	3
Armored fighting vehicles use diesel because of its lower flammability risks and the engines ' higher provision of torque and lower likelihood of stalling .	5
About later , the road crosses George Street , which heads to the north as County Route 672 and to the south as Route 171 .	5
Her great , great grandfather , John Condict / Condit 's memorial cenotaph is also found on Find A Grave .	4
By 1963 , the remainder of the original segment of the road , Fountainville to the Macon-Schley County line , was paved .	4
The first major object-oriented programming language built from the ground up is Java in 1995 .	2
Robert Anton Wilson tribute show .	0
Reaching Ulithi on 24 May , " Beckham " and her passengers awaited orders which finally came on 20 June .	4
The live CD has since been discontinued .	0
After discovering Pluto , Tombaugh continued to search the ecliptic for other distant objects .	2
According to Plutarch , instead , there was a battle and Metellus was struck by a spear .	3
" Players who played 100 matches for Accrington Stanley , or who gained international caps whilst with the club " .	4
Variety is the positive aspect of assortment .	0
" Saskatchewan " was ordered in 1957 and was laid down on 29 October 1959 at Victoria Machinery Depot Ltd . , Victoria .	4
Rank and organization : Sergeant , Pawnee Scouts , U.S. Army .	1
All of the Queens and Empresses of France from Marie de Medici to the Empress Eugènie , slept in the bedchamber of the Queen .	5
Arrangements were soon made for two albums to be made in London .	2
Both sets of players did not disappoint .	0
On July 7 , 1958 , Genovese was indicted on narcotics trafficking charges .	2
In 2016 , D 'Arcy provided the musical score for the CBC web series ' My 90 Year Old Roommate . '	4
a gain of 50,000 people over this period of 110 years , and gaining about 30,000 others since ( over 50 years only this time ) .	5
North West Metro could not be delivered without privatisation ; Iemma 's leadership was doomed .	2
The earliest picture of a lyre with seven strings appears in the famous sarcophagus of Hagia Triada ( a Minoan settlement in Crete ) .	5
Oxford Hustlers are a dance band from Sydney , Australia .	1
On 3 March 1919 , she was placed out of commission and returned to the United States Shipping Board for disposition .	4
If non-nuclear , conventional propulsion technologies are used , the flight of a spacecraft to a planet orbiting Proxima Centauri would probably require thousands of years .	5
He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1964 Summer Olympics .	2
It is the oldest unit in the California Air National Guard , having almost 90 years of service to the state and nation .	4
Roncalli was unexpectedly elected pope on 28 October 1958 at age 76 after 11 ballots .	2
It is located today in the Alte Pinakothek , Munich .	1
Iggesund is an industrial village in Sweden .	0
In 2005 , Nokia released a Python interpreter for the Series 60 mobile phones named PyS60 .	3
He engraved twelve plates of 'Architectural Monuments ’ ‘ , and lithographed thirty " Remarkable German Buildings of the Middle Ages " .	4
From Proxima Centauri , the Sun would appear as a bright 0.4-magnitude star in the constellation Cassiopeia , similar to that of Achernar from Earth .	5
Joule 's family brewery survives to this day but is now located in Market Drayton ( see Joule ’ s Brewery for more information on origins ) .	5
Campbell was also sacked six times , including 5.5 times by Aldon Smith , the most by an individual on Chicago 's opposing team .	5
As the immigrants moved in , the neighborhood became distinctive .	1
Paramount , whose contract guaranteed another film by Hitchcock , did not want Hitchcock to make " Psycho " .	3
Conceived by Satoshi Tajiri in early 1989 , Pokémon are creatures that inhabit the fictional Pokémon World .	3
The Senators would win the Stanley Cup for the fourth time in seven years , and eleventh overall including the pre-NHL years .	4
Recruitment was particularly strong in heavy industries .	0
Preceding the invasion was a rather calm period without any major events taking place in Czechoslovakia .	3
" Magic Casements " was the seventh episode of the first series of the British television series , " Upstairs , Downstairs " .	4
The Committee of the Proprietors also included Edward Wallin , a Baptist of Swedish descent ; and pastor of a church at Maze Pond , Southwark .	5
He is unrelenting in attacking Leibnizian optimism .	0
Thomas Smith ( born October 30 , 1931 ) is an American former sports shooter .	2
During this period , both the 115th and its sister squadron , the 195th Tactical Airlift Squadron shared the same pool of aircraft .	4
The palace of Knossos lies in Crete .	0
Julius Caesar was a prominent popularis politician who favoured land redistributions and was a resolute man .	3
As these talks proved unsatisfactory , the Soviets began to consider a military alternative .	2
Ponseti treatment was introduced in UK in the late 1990s and widely popularized around the country by NHS physiotherapist Steve Wildon .	4
The current name of the museum is Albany 's Historic Whaling Station .	2
He was born in New Westminster , British Columbia .	1
The club crest features the " Mayflower " , the ship that carried the pilgrims to Massachusetts .	3
Nine public universities and thirty six private universities are located in the city , including :	2
The pupa is about 11 mm long and pale brownish .	1
In 1347 , he founded Charles University , which remains the oldest university in Central Europe .	3
The full fixture was announced on 29 October 2010 .	1
159th Fighter Wing / Louisiana Air National Guard was awarded the " Outstanding Air National Guard Unit " in 2003 .	4
All songs from the album are absolute hits .	1
The armchairs with a sphinx pattern , the consoles and screen and the two chests of drawers were placed in the room in 1806 .	5
The prototype sang alongside Miku for their music and is known only by the name " Junger März _ Prototype β " .	4
He has also served on the Waitangi Tribunal .	1
In addition , many horses with a solid coat exhibited secondary characteristics such as skin mottling , the white sclera , and striped hooves .	5
" Percik Pesona " was released in 1979 , with Chrisye 's favourite " Lestariku " ( " My Eternity " ) as its first single .	5
After the death of Pope Adrian V on 18 August 1276 , Peter was elected Pope on 8 September .	3
Socrates belonged to this tribe .	0
This includes the post-World War II period up to the establishment of the Greek military junta of 1967 – 1974 .	4
It is a carnivore and its food consists mainly of fish , crabs , lobsters and molluscs caught with its suckers .	4
His brother Guglielmo is also a footballer .	0
: σικίννιδος ) in the satyr play .	0
Dartmoor Prison was built in 1806 at a cost of £ 130,000 .	2
Among the largest 25 production sites for pyridine , eleven are located in Europe ( as of 1999 ) .	3
Johann Garreis ( born 18 February 1925 ) is a German former sports shooter .	2
This caused a fire , which quickly engulfed nearby houses .	1
For instance , it means that the equation codice _ 124 is always true .	2
Prague ranked the 6th best-performing European NUTS two-level region at 182,4 percent of the EU-28 average in 2016 .	3
Adrian IV is the only Briton to have occupied the papal throne .	2
The peristome is up to 15 mm wide .	1
As a punishment Odysseus ' ship is destroyed and all of his crew , including Eurylochus , are killed in a storm sent by Zeus .	5
He has travelled extensively on six continents .	0
A number of other settlements are derived or similar to the name of Prague .	2
The lack of friendliness on the boat prompted Pompey to say to Septimius that he was an old comrade .	3
The first section of the Prague metro was put into operation in 1974 .	2
The name " Bulldog " is widely used in Germany as a synonym for tractors even today , especially in Bavaria .	4
To defray the costs of the embassy , Agapetus pledged the sacred vessels of the Church of Rome .	3
He called the brothers equal participants .	0
These books were authored by David Bishop .	0
According to Cassius Dio the senators went to Pompey and gave him both funds and troops .	3
Reaching there on the 10th , " Beckham " then shifted to San Pedro , California , four days later .	4
First generation languages are very much adapted to a specific computer and CPU , and code portability is therefore significantly reduced in comparison to higher level languages .	5
" List of Central Hockey League seasons	0
Much of what had been prepared would not find a place and would have been enough for another procession .	3
Customer backlash to the announcement turned out to be fierce .	1
John XXIII proclaimed Saint Lawrence of Brindisi as a Doctor of the Church on 19 March 1959 .	3
He died at the age of 86 in Seoul , South Korea .	2
The farm indebtedness provision , on the other hand , represents a political decision to subsidize farmers by offering a tax benefit .	4
It is his only Greek Revival design in Chattanooga .	1
John Paul II travelled extensively and met with believers from many divergent faiths .	2
Due to plate tectonics , these areas were at that time less than apart rather than the of today .	3
Goodkind is a proponent of Ayn Rand 's philosophical approach of Objectivism , and makes references to Rand 's ideas and novels in his works .	5
There are extinct volcanic features , such as the Lomond Hills which rise above rolling farmland , and Largo Law , a volcanic plug in the east .	5
He explains that Bates believes that he is his own mother when he dresses in her clothes .	3
But the Treaty of San Germano in July 1225 permitted a further delay of two years .	3
Achilles did not allow the burial of Patroclus ' body until the ghost of Patroclus appeared and demanded his burial in order to pass into Hades .	5
The song dropped to No .	0
The original 1896 brick building houses the church sanctuary .	1
Don 't Cry may also refer to :	0
According to Phillipp Maas , the same person named Patanjali composed the sutras and the " Bhāṣya " commentary .	3
Proxima Centauri forms a third component of the Alpha Centauri system , currently with a separation of about and an orbital period of 550,000 years .	5
On September 16 , 2010 , members of Hey Girl performed at an event in Nanchang which did not include Yeun Fei .	4
Around 400 vehicles are the modernized T3 class , which are typically operated coupled together in pairs .	3
Unfortunately this proved to be a false dawn , as Stanley was immediately relegated after finishing bottom of Division One .	4
In 1997 , the Olsen twins guest starred in an episode of " Sister , Sister " , alongside rival twin actresses Tia Mowry and Tamera Mowry .	5
Herrmann also maintains tension through the slower moments in the film through the use of ostinato .	3
The Convention has two parts .	0
The whole world must battle with terrorism .	0
Stephen II marks the historical delineation between the Byzantine Papacy and the Frankish Papacy .	2
In addition to the reservoir ( where people can boat and fish ) there is swimming lagoon with sandy beach and concession stand .	4
They were joined by some of Mithridates ' men who feared having to fight without them .	3
Since the first comprehensive classification of Acanthaceae in 1847 by Nees , there have been a few major revisions presented since for the whole family .	5
He preached in Canterbury Cathedral and received Robert Runcie , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	2
The congregation completed a new frame church building before 1882 .	1
Marshal , publicly endorsed his candidacy stating :	0
He is commemorated on the Thiepval Memorial .	0
It has the common name of Kumaon Iris , or Kumon iris .	2
The manuscript diary , itself , is in the collections of the New Jersey Historical Society , " Manuscript Group 123 " .	4
Gennaro has made cooking appearances on numerous other television shows .	1
Pompey was lucky because while he was encamped near Petra a messenger brought the news that Mithridates was dead .	3
She was refloated between 16 and 18 November .	1
In 1999 , Pope John Paul II visited Cuba which brought a significant amount of religious tolerance and awareness to the nation .	4
Beyond this interchange , Route 27 crosses into Metuchen and becomes two-lane Essex Avenue , which turns to the east and heads through residential areas .	5
Help me to do my duty to my country and	1
The first banknotes were issued in 1817 by the Montreal Bank .	1
Castillo was eventually walked by Prior .	0
Her medical education abroad was sponsored by her wealthy father , Ofori Atta I .	2
At nine , she had been at her desk .	1
In New York , Melvil Dewey had " initiated a program of traveling libraries-collections of one hundred books sent to communities without public libraries . "	5
Schools were established at monasteries and cathedrals , the forerunners of the great universities .	2
1991 The Woman Who Sinned ( TV Movie ) ... Randy Emerson	1
It would have been really helpful to have had support from the Holy See on this issue . "	3
Upholding the claims of York , Honorius was unsuccessful in forcing the Scottish bishops to obey Archbishop Thurstan .	3
The software is used in hundreds of studios worldwide .	1
It has lost all factual meaning . "	0
In some species , such as king and emperor penguins , the chicks assemble in large groups called crèches .	3
For example , the power set of a set with three elements , has :	2
Chobham was such an improvement that it was soon used on the new U.S. M1 Abrams main battle tank ( MBT ) as well .	5
During the Renaissance and in later centuries , the city continued to develop peacefully , as the 17th-century palazzi of the Bernabei and Giacobetti attest .	5
and using this untaxed diesel fuel for a typically taxed purpose ( such as driving use ) , the user can be fined ( e.g .	5
The channel was launched on 1 May 2013 , as a 24-hour Bhojpuri movie channel .	2
By whose grace thy servants are enabled to fight	1
" First Presbyterian Church ( Murfreesboro , Tennessee )	1
So the 1854 guide to the Egyptian Court , destroyed in the 1866 fire , was entitled : ' The Egyptian Court in the Crystal Palace .	5
Acamas or Akamas ( ; Ancient Greek : Ἀκάμας , folk etymology : " unwearying " ) was a name attributed to several characters in Greek mythology .	5
Pius XII stated that the war against communism was a holy war and excommunicated members of the Communist Party .	3
The property on which the house stands was settled by Stephen Chase in 1782 .	2
Pius XII added one year to the theological formation of future priests .	2
( TV Series ) ... Sandy / Phyllis Dalton / Lolly	1
In October 2004 dozens of ShadowCrew members were busted across the US and Canada .	2
He was a keyboardist and backing vocalist in the Swedish progressive rock band Pain of Salvation from 1996 to 2011 .	4
She was 36 hours out of Tarento .	0
1982 The Neighborhood ( TV Movie ) ... Meg Penner	1
Louis confiscated Stephen 's wealth and began harassing him so that he would cease his reforming activities .	3
Massive damage was caused to many historical sites , but the major attraction , the Basilica di San Francesco , reopened less than 2 years later .	5
Then there is a unique point on this line whose signed distance from the origin is " r " for given number " r " .	5
He was the first pope to travel outside of Rome since Pope Pius IX .	2
Each iteration of the series has brought about praise and criticism over the numerous creatures .	2
" 2009 Republic of the Congo presidential election	0
Each supported a tremendous load of water , which was gathered from three reservoirs , at either end of and in the middle of the park .	5
, Sister Marie-Simon-Pierre , then 46 , was working again at a maternity hospital run by her religious institute .	3
In June 2012 , operations of the 702d EAS were suspended by the Air Force and returned to the United States .	4
It is a rectangular frame building that was built in 1850 .	1
The Yogacara ( sometimes translated as " Mind only " ) school of Buddhist philosophy contends that all human experience is constructed by mind .	5
However , speculation was quickly suppressed when Wayne re-signed with the Indianapolis Colts , leaving the Dolphins without a number one wide receiver entering the draft .	5
Although the New York Giants won the World Series in 1921 and 1922 , Gaston did not see postseason action in either year .	4
In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , however , this form of embroidery fell into decline and many of the designs and motifs were lost .	5
Internationally , Collins is perhaps best known as an author of chess books and DVDs .	2
In 1910 Rudolf Tayerlé succeeded Steiner .	0
Reed ran for reelection in 2016 .	0
It is a cover version of the 1963 single by US singer Kerri Downs ( aka Mary Lou Kiernan ) .	4
1992 Night Court ( TV Series ) ... Clare Monroe	1
After Emperor Taizong 's death in 649 , Emperor Taizong 's son Li Zhi became emperor ( as Emperor Gaozong ) .	4
The Caille Bros. Manufacturing Company maintained branch offices in New York , Chicago and Paris .	2
His grit and gravel voice sounds simultaneously tough and comic .	1
PTVEMS has teams for volleyball and cricket and also football the school participates in competitions organised by the Mumbai School Sports Association .	4
Inside the wheel , the three-colored swirling jewel represents the practices of the ten exalted virtues and the 16 humane modes of conduct .	4
Like others in its group , its pelage is generally silvery-gray .	1
In 1565 , as a security measure due to the Wars of Religion , she also had moat dug around the château to protect it against attack .	5
Kuç is a settlement in the Vlorë County , southwestern Albania .	1
Inside , he found two of his employees fighting a small office fire , that had started after an explosion in the women 's cloakroom .	5
While Tydeus returned to his allies , the Thebans amassed a force of fifty men , led by Maeon and Polyphontes , and ambushed him .	5
However , President Voronin rejected these calls .	0
In 1563 in Frankfurt , a German bilingual translation by Johann Posthius was published , featuring the woodcuts of renowned German engraver Virgil Solis .	5
On the other hand , free-radical and nucleophilic substitutions occur more readily in pyridine than in benzene .	3
The resort tried using fountains to keep that water at the optimal snowmaking temperature , but the process was marginally successful .	4
Jerez was added to the Red Sox 40-man roster in November 2015 .	2
Charlemagne ordered them to Paderborn , but no decision could be made .	2
" 2009 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A	0
Astrometric measurements at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory appear to rule out a Jovian companion with an orbital period of 2 − 12 years .	5
1989 Living Dolls ( TV Series ) ... Kitty	1
It is an example of the Carpenter Gothic architectural style .	1
In 2004 Waldman launched the Nooka company .	0
In the Domesday Book the two parishes were said to be worth five shillings each .	2
In August 2018 Emmanuel joined Shrewsbury Town on loan for the 2018 – 19 season .	2
Adrian succeeded in that just before Ferdinand 's death in January 1516 .	2
" Electoral results for the Division of Kooyong	0
In May , he announced that the Fourteenth Party Congress would convene in an early session on 9 September .	3
As a cinematographer he was active through the end of the silent era in 1927 , through his death in 1953 , shooting about 75 films altogether .	5
The Train Dispatchers hold collective bargaining agreements with the following companies :	1
The longest and most involved version of the battle appears in Nonnus 's " Dionysiaca " ( late 4th or early 5th century AD ) .	5
The inscriptions on the memorial read :	0
It took in Cumberland Fire Service , Westmorland Fire Service , Carlisle and Barrow Fire Services and parts of Lancashire and Yorkshire .	4
It is a small metallic creature composed of liquid metal with a hexagonal nut serving as its head .	3
He ordered Aretas to leave and said that if he did not he would be an enemy of Rome .	3
Enterprise is an abandoned townsite in section 36 of Utica Township , in Winona County , Minnesota , United States .	4
1984 100 Centre Street ( TV Movie ) ... Fran Felt	1
Nico Nico Douga , a Japanese website similar to YouTube , played a fundamental role in the recognition and popularity of the software .	4
It is owned by OmniTRAX .	0
They help to make up the third largest denomination along with the North American Baptist Missionaries who work in the east .	4
It has been widely alleged that the Vatican Bank provided money for Solidarity in Poland .	2
It was built during the 1510s .	0
Patriarch George of Constantinople accepted Agatho 's letter , as did most of the bishops present .	3
The other end , the Barn Park End , opened on the same day .	2
He gave the Gaudet Mater Ecclesia speech , which served as the opening address for the council .	3
82 bus ) between Plymouth and Exeter , used to pass through the village but has now been axed .	3
Following the war , he was assigned to Truax Field .	1
The ProGear used a Transmeta chip and a resistive digitizer .	1
Tight end Matt Spaeth , rookie receiver Alshon Jeffery , receiver Johnny Knox and cornerback Jonathan Wilhite were present , but did not participate .	5
The number and size of the inlets , precipitation , evaporation , and inflow of fresh water all affect the nature of the lagoon .	5
Perhaps more importantly , it would stimulate conversation among these specialties , so that a network of independent but allied investigations and investigators could be established .	5
The pope later stated that Our Lady of Fátima helped keep him alive throughout his ordeal .	3
Thus , Ministry of Religious Affairs had not been created until First Sjahrir Cabinet .	2
He later played for Yorkshire Amateur .	0
There is no clear evidence that non-Greco-Roman lyres were played exclusively with plectra , and numerous instruments regarded by some as modern lyres are played with bows .	5
Harpocrates was adapted by the Greeks from the Egyptian child god Horus , who represented the newborn sun , rising each day at dawn .	5
However , the end of the war in the Pacific overtook her in mid-August while she lay in the Western Carolines .	4
Agda Östlund was born in a working class home in Köping .	1
Another eight years later , in 2001 , Musical Youth reformed and came back into the spotlight now as a quintet .	4
This event is commemorated with a which is at the east end of the church .	2
She arrived at San Francisco on 3 December 1945 and disembarked her passengers before shifting to Hunter 's Point for voyage repairs .	4
The top six teams from North Division One and the top six from Midland Division One were combined to create National 5 North .	4
Smith played for the Sting for two years , appearing in 28 total games .	2
The legates and patriarchs gathered in the imperial palace on 7 November 680 .	2
" PoPiPo " was announced to appear in " Just Dance 2017 " also with a dancer whose resembles Miku .	4
In conclusion , the early phase of myelination was correlated with the increases synthesis of lipids , cholesterol , cerebroside , and sulfatide .	4
Olympias was the daughter of Neoptolemus I , king of the Molossians , an ancient Greek tribe in Epirus , and sister of Alexander I .	5
The club adopted its current name when it became fully professional in 1903 .	2
There is nearly 90 % literacy rate among Brahmans .	1
A number of large suborbicular glands are concentrated around these veins .	1
Viani played his entire career in the Italian football system ; he is best known for his time with Internazionale and Lazio .	4
May we ever seek the extension of thy kingdom .	1
On 6 November 1921 , Roncalli travelled to Rome where he was scheduled to meet the Pope .	3
The majority of the carved wood ceiling , the lower part of the wood panelling , and the doors date to the reign of Louis XIII .	5
The Newcomen engine held its place without material change for about 75 years , spreading gradually to more areas of the UK and mainland Europe .	5
In linguistics , the Sapir – Whorf hypothesis asserts that a language 's structure and grammar construct the perception and consciousness of its speakers .	5
" 2000 United States Senate election in Delaware	0
They can be planted in the spring , when new roots have grown .	2
The " Homeric Hymn to Apollo " describes Typhon as " fell " and " cruel " , and like neither gods nor men .	5
Tyche was a hypothetical gas giant proposed to be located in the Solar System 's Oort cloud .	3
The league had members in Kansas and Missouri .	1
We begin bombing in five minutes . "	0
" Jersey Surf Drum and Bugle Corps	0
Another 4-storey block was added in 1976 .	0
It was also featured in " The Source " ' s Hip-Hop Quotable .	2
" List of mayors of Laurel , Maryland	0
Urlacher was inactive for the final four games of the 2012 season , and he retired from the NFL on May 22 , 2013 .	5
Shangguan suggested , " The empress has no control of herself , and the entire empire is dissatisfied with her .	4
In December 1251 , he was created Cardinal Deacon of San Adriano by his uncle Pope Innocent IV .	3
Instead , he was monitored by a team of consultants at his private residence .	2
The new theatre , with four hundred seats arranged in a parterre , two balconies and boxes in a horseshoe shape , was finished in 1856 .	5
The sensors are designed using quantum physics .	0
Melbourne S.K.I.F established itself in 1950 .	0
The benefactor of the sculpture was the B.F. Ferguson Monument fund , which has commissioned several works of art throughout Chicago .	4
In 1933 , all SGTA assets were incorporated in the newly created Air France , and the company ceased to exist .	4
A poor campaign led to the	0
The album was not as successful as their previous album " This or That " , not making it on any charts .	4
During the First Empire it was used by Louis , the brother of Napoleon , and his wife Queen Hortense , the daughter of the Empress Josephine .	5
BBC commentator Dana Gioia described Pallette 's onscreen appeal :	1
The Bear Creek congregation was organized in 1814 .	1
Because such crossbred offspring are not eligible for ApHC registration , their owners have formed breed registries for horses with leopard complex patterns and gaited ability .	5
Roncalli was consecrated by Giovanni Tacci Porcelli in the church of San Carlo alla Corso in Rome .	3
The Achaeans never allowed the horses to drink from that river for all of them were stolen by Diomedes and Odysseus shortly after their arrival .	5
At the age of 38 , Wojtyła became the youngest bishop in Poland .	2
The organ was built by William Hill & Sons and installed in 1882 .	2
In 1155 , Byzantine Emperor Manuel Comnenus reconquered southern Italy , landing his forces in the region of Apulia .	3
Relations between Catholicism and Judaism improved dramatically during the pontificate of John Paul II .	2
He stayed in Tuscany until 2002 , when he signed with Metis Varese .	2
Hapua are located in areas dominated by longshore drift ; because it aids the formation of the barrier behind which the hapua is sited .	5
" Asbury United Methodist Church ( Chattanooga , Tennessee )	1
Ministerial students from the University often taught Sunday school .	1
Fox Corner , south of Truro	0
Python 's design offers some support for functional programming in the Lisp tradition .	2
According to John Julius Norwich , he was the last pope to be married before ordination .	3
It was certified three times platinum by Music Canada .	1
The 165th quickly established a kitchen and dining area , one of fifteen in the burgeoning military sections of the city .	4
Land for a church was acquired in 1871 .	1
Nojirimycin and its derivatives are mainly obtained from a class of " Streptomyces " species .	2
His father died in 1534 .	0
From every corner came a humming .	0
On 6 January 1285 , Charles of Anjou died , leaving his captive son Charles as his natural successor .	3
" Straighten Up and Fly Right	0
Molecule Man may refer to	0
The club will now arrange reserve fixtures on dates of their choice , rather than follow a fixture list .	3
The instrumentation is somewhat shared but essentially Joel on vocals and guitar , Robert Mercer on bass , and William Herzog on drums .	4
In 1960 , she volunteered her time at a Congolese hospital that was understaffed .	2
TinierMe also made attire that looks like Miku 's for their services , allowing users to make their avatar resemble her .	4
In 1984 , Seaton was nominated for the Best newcomer Grammy Award with his band Musical Youth , but lost to Culture Club .	4
Hawn won the fight via KO in the second round .	1
For example , a taxpayer could intentionally run up large amounts of business debt and losses , creating a large NOL .	4
Pompey was blamed for this , because he had written that Brutus had surrendered of his own accord .	3
On hearing this , Crassus hurried to engage in the decisive battle , and routed the rebels .	3
Hatsune Miku received an update for Yamaha 's Vocaloid 4 engine under the name of " Hatsune Miku V4x " .	4
Carpenter Alex F. Simpson planned the Gothic Revival church .	1
In 2014 , Korg introduced " Miku Stomp " , a guitar effects unit that emulates the sound of Miku 's voice .	4
The song was served as the album 's third single off the studio by Interscope Records and Universal Music Russia in June 2003 .	4
Texas City High School ( TCHS ) is a public high school in Texas City , Texas in Greater Houston .	4
Since 1919 , labor unions had been categorized as organized crime .	1
The DC series was superseded by the Kodak EasyShare camera line .	1
One such disease is multiple sclerosis ( MS ) , where demyelination occurs in the central nervous system ( CNS ) .	4
" St. Marks Presbyterian Church ( Rogersville , Tennessee )	1
They are specified by their code , internal documentation , and test suites ( if supplied ) .	3
In all that I do and in every challenge I face ,	1
Therefore , he is not listed as a pope in the " Annuario Pontificio " .	2
After 1858 , only dollar denominations were used .	1
McMackin was born in Cleveland , Ohio .	0
Amiens is not directly on principal European road and rail arteries , such as the A1 motorway and the Paris-Lille TGV train line , at present .	5
The situation in Bosnia-Herzegovina and " Operation Deny Flight " continued to involve 157th aircraft , crews , and support personnel .	4
It was designed by the architect Ange-Jacques Gabriel , who used many decorative elements from the earlier room , which had originally been decorated by Primatice .	5
Danser designated " Pulle 277 " as the type specimen .	1
Producer , engineer and / or mixer for the following artists :	1
He had just returned from the Levant after being forced out by his monks in 1122 .	3
1974 Doc Elliot ( TV Series ) ... Joy Neimeyer	1
Meanwhile the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) took over the Udhampur investigation .	2
If activated to federal service , the Wing is gained by the United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command .	4
Meanwhile , Pompey set up a colony ( settlement ) for his soldiers at Nicopolitans in Cappadocia .	3
In 1941 , Cardinal Theodor Innitzer of Vienna informed Pius of Jewish deportations in Vienna .	2
This line-up recorded two albums .	0
A Title 11 case is one that falls under Title 11 of the United States Code ( relating to bankruptcy ) .	4
German Wehrmacht officers tended to him and sent him to a hospital .	2
Head - Chernov Victor N. , MD , PhD	1
" List of Warhammer Fantasy novels	0
" Team for 2013 CONCACAF U-17 Championship qualifying "	1
Three types of cnidocytes are known :	0
A colourful description of a visit to the Crystal Palace appears in John Davidson 's poem ' The Crystal Palace ' published in 1909 .	5
Adam Renner Education for Social Justice Lecture	0
Then ( " X " , < ) is a semiorder .	1
Robert Graham each concluded such claims were an invention of British wartime propagandists .	2
According to Goody , the Vedic texts likely involved both a written and oral tradition , calling it a " parallel products of a literate society " .	5
The regional breakdowns are as follows .	0
The highest prices for young wines fetched in the autumn 2007 auctions , as full bottle prices excluding tax and commission , were :	4
Revati may also refer to :	0
The east coast of the South Island has been identified as being in a period of chronic erosion of approximately 0.5 metres per year .	5
When Herrmann played the shower scene cue for Hitchcock , the director approved its use in the film .	3
Big FM may refer to :	0
" Silver Creek ( Harney County , Oregon )	1
The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( UK ) and other medical organizations recommend the routine use of ultrasonography to minimize complications .	5
The new project , POSTGRES , aimed to add the fewest features needed to completely support types .	3
On his return to Rome , Nicholas was received with great honour by Pope Anastasius IV .	3
Homozygous individuals inconsistently have skeletal anomalies such as post-axial polydactyly , short metacarpals , short upper limbs , short stature , or hyperkyphosis .	4
The inhabitants of the city seized him as he was trying to escape and took him to Caesar .	3
Sir George Cayley , 6th Baronet ( 27 December 1773 – 15 December 1857 ) was an English engineer , inventor , and aviator .	5
In 1931 , Walter Lees and Fredrick Brossy set the nonstop flight record flying a Bellanca powered by a Packard diesel for 84 hours and 32 minutes .	5
Spring Lake Regional Park is a public park in southeastern Santa Rosa , Sonoma County , California , United States .	4
The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews , from which it was devolved in 2004 , is the world 's oldest golf club .	5
Bill Higginson may refer to :	0
After the Avalon Books hardcover appeared the next year , it was reprinted in paperback by Ace Books in 1966 and reissued in 1968 and 1974 .	5
Department of Defense Information School ( Graduated 1967 ) ,	1
May 1967 brought the introduction of the Douglas C-124 Globemaster II , affectionately known as " Old Shakey " , to the group .	4
Flight mass and centering were within norms .	0
II is the fourth solo album by German keyboardist Hans-Joachim Roedelius , best known for his work with Cluster , Harmonia and Aquarello .	4
< poem > For night alone that rests our thought ,	1
The tragedy " Sardanapalus " by George Gordon Byron published in 1821 and produced in 1834 is set in Assyria , 640 B.C. , under King Sardanapalus .	5
Gossips spread through the city and the man is forced to leave town …	2
Unsuccessfully , Pius attempted to dissuade the Italian Dictator Benito Mussolini from joining Hitler in the war .	3
Kathy Whitworth won both editions of the event .	1
The album 's overall average tempo is 181 bpm .	1
The 175th Wing became composite organization with an Air Combat Command-gained fighter unit and an Air Mobility Command-gained airlift unit .	4
The Victorian house is close to Cotherstone and overlooks the River Balder .	2
Mike Brown noted that " Sedna is about three-quarters the size of Pluto .	2
It was replaced by the C-451 in 1957 , and from 1960 the production was moved to Zakłady Mechaniczne in Gorzów Wielkopolski .	4
Ultimately , a deal proved elusive , and the two churches remained divided .	2
367 of them were active in the land of Israel from around 200-350 CE , while the other 394 lived in Babylonia during 200-500 CE .	5
It was commanded by Brigadier J.W .	0
In 1972 , McMaster joined pub-rock band , Ducks Deluxe , as a keyboard player .	2
The pitcher lid is orbicular-ovate and up to 7.5 cm long .	1
In 1951 it entered all Ukrainian republican football competitions .	1
The team plays at Helsinki Ice Hall .	0
The activity level also appears to vary with a period of roughly 442 days , which is shorter than the solar cycle of 11 years .	5
Parallelly to Dynamo at regional competitions continued to participate Podillia .	1
They saw him as a threat to the supremacy of the senate and as a potential tyrant .	3
This way , the Church re-establishes the unity between the Creator and his creatures .	2
These were renewed in 2014 with aims to bring the two cities closer on various levels : economic , cultural , scientific , etc .	5
There are no non-contributing properties .	0
This act was carried out by Neoptolemus who then took Andromache as a concubine and Hector 's brother , Helenus , as a slave .	5
He was almost 20 years her senior .	0
That season , Foley garnered consensus Second Team All-American honors .	1
In September , unit members flew out of Rhein-Main Air Base , Germany to support operational missions from Turkey and Saudi Arabia .	4
As a sort-of easter egg , a last personal tag , the artists and developers decided to add a 3D model of a chimpanzee head .	5
Her crew were rescued by the remaining vessels in the group .	1
Bactrian camels weigh and dromedaries .	0
It is free and open-source , released under the terms of the PostgreSQL License , a permissive software license .	3
In the words of Joaquín Navarro-Valls , John Paul II 's press secretary :	2
Figuratively , ' lotus-eater ' denotes " a person who spends their time indulging in pleasure and luxury rather than dealing with practical concerns " .	5
By the early 1960s interest in jazz in Los Angeles had greatly faded and the group came to its demise .	4
He once said he would prefer to see his sculptures in any open landscape than in even the most beautiful buildings he knew .	4
He passed forty-five ordinances intended chiefly to protect the people of Sicily against their king and his officials .	3
This portion is entirely in color .	0
These books were authored by William King .	0
We see that in general	0
It also artfully combined an original functional structure with sculpture and decoration .	2
Fearing that they might create an autonomous power , Henry II landed with a much larger force in 1171 .	3
In the summer of 1947 the PCE withdrew from the exiled government .	2
The club is affiliated to the Ångermanlands Fotbollförbund .	1
He is one of many scientists and engineers commemorated by having a hall of residence and a bar at Loughborough University named after him .	5
It is one of the 29 original National Guard Observation Squadrons of the United States Army National Guard formed before World War II .	4
KSTE offered an adult contemporary format .	0
According to some other sources , Diomedes angrily tossed Penthesileia 's body into the river , so neither side could give her decent burial .	5
In March 1939 the Republican government faced a rebellion led by Segismundo Casado .	2
In August 1944 , he met British Prime Minister Winston Churchill , who was visiting Rome .	3
As the Irish immigrants became successful , they moved out .	1
There she loaded over 1,300 troops and got underway 6 June for Eniwetok , Ulithi , and Manila where she debarked her passengers .	4
Classes started in a church room in Central , Arizona in 1890 with 17 students and was called the St. Joseph Stake Academy .	4
The treasures went to the old king , who received far more money than had been agreed .	3
He died in the reign of the emperor Theodosius at the age of almost eighty " .	3
In most countries , a licence is not required to ride miniature bikes .	2
In 1979 Aerospace Defense Command was inactivated , with Tactical Air Command taking over the Continental US Air Defense Mission .	4
Around 410 , Paulinus was chosen Bishop of Nola , where he served for twenty years .	3
On 15 March 1953 , he took possession of his new diocese in Venice .	2
Daman was interrogated every day for thirty days .	1
Sánchez Arcas became a dedicated member of the Spanish Communist Party ( PCE ) .	2
Durum wheat semolina pasta ( " pasta di semola di grano duro " ) , ( ii . )	3
The voice was also imported into a device called " Pocket Miku " , released on April 3 , 2014 .	4
" There shall be no compulsion in the religion . "	1
The proprietor , Norman Bates , invites her to share a light dinner after she checks in .	3
The road forms the border of Franklin Township and New Brunswick upon intersecting County Route 680 ( How Lane ) becoming four-lane Somerset Street .	5
Burstone created the Beta-Titanium orthodontic wire in 1980 and Chinese Niti wire in 1985 .	2
As the decade began Pacelli wanted the Centre Party in Germany to turn away from the socialists .	3
The current coach of the Aggies is Jim Les .	1
He was concerned too about the potential spread of Communism in Western Europe and the Americas .	3
By 1976 , the drive had been rerouted once more .	1
A Doktor Nauk degree holder can become a tenured full professor after just one year of teaching experience in a non-tenured faculty position .	4
Hyatt also became the Tiger 's all time leader in snaps from scrimmage during 2018 .	2
To commemorate this F-16A ADF # 82-1001 was painted in special markings including a big Texas flag painted on the fuselage underside .	4
He specializes in glove design .	0
The album was released on the Blue Note label in 1996 .	1
When Agapetus arrived members of the clergy entered charges against Anthimus as an intruder and a heretic .	3
They met for prayer , philosophical discussion , and to help the blind and sick .	2
The host is Bob Kupa 'a Smith .	0
Pyridine is an important raw material in the chemical industry , with the 1989 production of 26,000 tonnes worldwide .	3
I was hemmed in on all sides : authorities , photographers , prisoners , wardens ... ”	3
" Adonis " is the Hellenized form of the Phoenician word " " adoni " " , meaning " " my lord " " .	5
He retired due to a hip injury in 2011 .	1
Santa Cruz is known for its moderate climate , natural environment , coastline , redwood forests , alternative community lifestyles , and socially liberal leanings .	5
SR 240 begins at an intersection with SR 26 in Fountainville , which is west-southwest of Oglethorpe , in Macon County .	4
The church is dedicated to St Aidan .	0
This property is largely covered with woodland and fresh-water swamp making it a very diverse wetland which is home to a number of somewhat rare plant species .	5
These bond lengths lie between the values for the single and double bonds and are typical of aromatic compounds .	3
Rasterization is frequently faster than pixel-by-pixel rendering .	0
Several of his papers were put before the Royal Society between 1707 and 1712 without acknowledging or paying him , about which he complained bitterly .	5
At the 1981 European Championships in Innsbruck , she ranked fifth in figures and second in the next two segments .	4
When Telegonus grew up , Circe sent him to find Odysseus , who by this time had finally returned to Ithaca from the Trojan War .	5
The critical parameters of pyridine are pressure 6.70 MPa , temperature 620 K and volume 229 cm · mol .	3
When the cavalry was attacked by Oroeses it withdrew towards the infantry , which then engaged .	3
Cars usually have a protective roll cage and run race tires ( either slicks or radials ) .	3
FGS links hundreds of U.S.-based genealogy societies and their members .	1
It urged the Turkish Cypriot side to restore the military status quo that existed at Strovilia prior to June 30 , 2000 .	4
Prague is the fifth most visited European city after London , Paris , Istanbul and Rome .	3
The land for the church building was purchased that same year .	1
In his second consistory on 12 January 1953 , it was expected that his closest co-workers , Msgrs .	3
Mozart , considering the piece he performed to be a studied show-piece , was somewhat cold in his expressions of admiration .	4
He left Tarcondimotus I in control of Anazarbos and Mount Amanus , to the east of Cilicia Campestris .	3
The Savery engine was much lower in capital cost than the Newcomen engine , with a 2 to 4 horsepower Savery engine costing from 150-200 GBP .	5
On 1 July 2017 , Bachmann signed a three-year deal with Watford .	2
A third is addressed to the bishops of Africa , on the same subject .	2
Despite this , Vigouroux continued to remain as the club 's first choice goalkeeper .	2
I played it for hours .	0
The flowers of " Iris kemaonensis " are used in Tibetan herbal medicine .	2
He later returned to direct what was then expected to be the series ' final installment , " Rocky V " ( 1990 ) .	5
" The Real Folk Blues ( Muddy Waters album )	1
Agamemnon said , " Someone , it may be , old or young , can offer us better counsel which I shall rejoice to hear . "	5
The scheme architect was Paul Zara .	0
To make matters worse , doctrine required pilots to land their aircraft on water at night , with no landing lights .	4
Series 2 - Series 2 aired in early 2007 .	1
From 1858 to 1867 , Green served as a Michigan Circuit Court judge .	2
Jones and Higgins were married on June 14 , 2015 .	1
" St Andrew 's in the Square	0
The cane toad genome has been sequenced .	0
This provided an angle of view similar to human vision , which helped to further involve the audience .	3
Phenolic compounds are classified as simple phenols or polyphenols based on the number of phenol units in the molecule .	3
Every strict weak ordering < is also a semi-order .	1
Elsewhere , Genovese had traditionally strong ties to Patriarca boss Raymond L. S. Patriarca .	2
Shortly before the birth of their first surviving child , Catherine , the couple had bought a house in Blackfriars , London .	4
while uncurrying is the inverse map .	0
Two other books , one by Elizabeth Evans and the other by June Sprigg , contain many of Jemima Condict 's entries .	4
The modules were also strong enough to be stacked vertically , enabling Paxton to add an upper floor that nearly doubled the amount of available exhibition space .	5
In response , the President has ordered the deployment of the army to cooperate with police authorities in their fight against crime .	4
The group first live performance was on December 22 , 1986 .	1
The city of Plymouth is the largest in England never to have hosted top-flight football .	2
There were 195 private dwellings .	0
De Laveaga was the disc golf and discathon venue for the WFDF-sanctioned World Disc Games overall event held in Santa Cruz in July 2005 .	5
As she showers , a shadowy figure stabs her to death with a chef 's knife .	3
It did not reach America until 1857 .	0
He was replaced by Cyrus Adler .	0
in Danish and English in 1930 , he taught at various schools in Roskilde and Copenhagen until 1938 , when he gave up teaching .	5
By 1999 , the route was again modified .	1
The name Cinyras does not appear again until he is mentioned by Pindar as " beloved of Apollo , " and the priest of Aphrodite .	5
With no source of income from this he was forced to walk away from his record contract in order to do the tour .	4
The cast must incorporate the toes right up to the tips but not squeeze the toes or obliterate the transverse arch .	4
The station is located at Piazza Dante Alighieri , in the frazione of Santa Maria degli Angeli , about southwest of the city centre .	5
The premiere of Sohal 's second Proms commission , his 45-minute " The Cosmic Dance " , took place on 2 August 2013 .	4
The prevalence of this condition is unknown .	0
The council agreed that Origen was not faithful to the Catholic Church .	2
The film won best director award at the Newport Beach International Film Festival in 2000 .	2
Around 1843 he was the first to suggest the idea for a convertiplane , an idea which was published in a paper written that same year .	5
If the engine 's piston rings malfunction , this will cause excessive pressure in the crank case forcing mist of engine lubricant into the intake manifold .	5
The Original Church of God is an African American Pentecostal denomination .	1
Meanwhile , the Byzantine general Belisarius was preparing for an invasion of Italy .	2
3 in its sixth charting week .	0
The Dean of the College of Cardinals , Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , conducted the ceremony .	2
" Temple B 'Nai Israel ( Jackson , Tennessee )	1
The volumes were edited by Four Jesuits : Angelo Martini , Burkhart Schneider , Robert Graham and Pierre Blet .	3
The convoy proceeded to , and then marked time in , a rendezvous area approximately 100 miles southeast of Iwo Jima .	4
1990 Yes , Virginia ... ( TV Short )	1
" List of GMTV presenters and reporters	0
In either case , the postmortem activity was edited out and was never seen by audiences .	3
She also helped with further demilitarization projects .	0
Its CCD sensor had a maximum resolution of 493x373 pixels .	1
He served as the sixth Lieutenant Governor of Idaho .	1
Pyridine is used as a polar , basic , low-reactive solvent , for example in Knoevenagel condensations .	3
She got her first perfect scores ever .	0
Now even Rapoport joined his critics .	0
His father , a carpenter and likely shipwright , died when Adrian was 10 years or younger .	3
He was condemned to death , but later released for the sake of his mother Mucia .	3
Records indicate that John Stevenson and his brother , Henry , also a doctor came to British North America from Ireland in 1734 .	4
It entered into force the first Sunday of the following Advent , which was 27 November 1983 .	3
The pupal period lasts 12 – 13 days .	1
The list also has Chinese members .	0
It has appeared on numerous compilations .	0
In 1889 , Roncalli received both his First Communion and Confirmation at the age of 8 .	3
In fact in 1776 the Council of Safety in Baltimore , forbade the inoculation of the troops lest it cause an epidemic .	4
The Testament of Pope Pius XII was published immediately after his death .	2
Services are held nowadays in the Methodist chapel at the other end of the village .	2
Camel meat has been eaten for centuries .	0
The Rite of Visitation took place from 4 April 2005 to 7 April 2005 at St. Peter 's Basilica .	3
He was a favorite of the gods and a friend of Achilles , to whom he was commissioned to announce the death of Patroclus .	5
It was further noted as Muslim village , located in the " Beni Murrah " region , north of Jerusalem .	4
" Action for Transport " was no longer viable : operationally or politically .	2
The building has three entrances , one facing west , one facing to the south , and the third facing to the north .	4
On May 7 , Amazon placed a preview of Supercell 's hit song , " World is Mine " , as a single .	4
It was also the first medium to call him " Hitler 's Pope " .	2
Caltech terminated the meteorology department in 1948 .	0
The terminal is being expanded with the addition of a second wharf and shiploader as well as an additional onshore stockyard and machines .	4
He created a new suite of rooms with the symbols and style of the Empire , and transformed the former King 's bedroom into his throne room .	5
In the plane , two perpendicular lines are chosen and the coordinates of a point are taken to be the signed distances to the lines .	5
As well as various prose letters and other pieces Damasus was the author of Latin verse .	3
Pompey was concerned about political instability to the south of Armenia , both in Syria and in Judea .	3
The good fight of faith and ever prove victorious ;	1
Bogey Broadcasting is owned by Scott Holt .	0
In 2002 , Leupold & Stevens won a Wausau Insurance Gold Award for workplace safety at the company ’ s factory .	4
The new Early English-style cathedral was completed by 1258 .	1
This was also the first time the far-right party ELAM entered the parliament .	2
Australia 's diving team consists of 12 divers	0
Shelbourne have won the most titles .	0
The resort was opened in 1996 and it 's classified a 5-start hotel .	2
As the proportion of helium increases because of hydrogen fusion , the star will become smaller and hotter , gradually transforming from red to blue .	5
Sapporo has been a major main target of sponsorship since 2010 , with Crypton Future Media sponsoring the winter festivals .	4
As of April 2007 , there were 222 graves known .	1
Behind it is the organ chamber .	0
The church property was deeded to the Methodist Church in 1835 .	1
In interviews , he constantly references Colombia and its overseas communities , such as the one in Miami , Florida .	4
When using acetonitrile as the nitrile , 2-methylpyridine is obtained , which can be dealkylated to pyridine .	3
He was the first president of Cuba to be born in an independent Cuba and the last to gain his post through universal , contested elections .	5
Following this , believing that Laocoön was attacked because he offended the gods , the rest of the Trojans begin to believe Sinon 's story .	5
Agnieszka & Stefano won the competition .	0
Ajax owned the biggest armour and the tallest shield which covered most of his body leaving only two places vulnerable ; his neck and armpits .	5
In the second game , the Bears faced rookie first-round draft pick Robert Griffin III and the Redskins , and forced Griffin to fumble .	5
John Gage Marvin ( 1815 – 1855 ) was an American lawyer , known as a legal bibliographer and figure of the history of California .	5
It allowed him to retain his naval force and his dominion over the sea granted by the lex Gabinia .	3
The gardens of Diane and the gardens of the Pines were replanted and turned into an English landscape garden by the landscape designer Maximillien-Joseph Hurtault .	5
The Achaeans learnt from Helenus , that Troy would not fall , while the Palladium , image or statue of Athena , remained within Troy 's walls .	5
He organized First Presbyterian Church on May 25 , 1822 .	1
According to family members , he had been suffering from depression .	1
to represent the entire cheer .	0
It was first held in Los Angeles but two years ago the new host city was changed to New York .	4
" Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church ( Knoxville , Tennessee )	1
That these methods have been effective , is testified to by the preservation of the most ancient Indian religious text , the " " ( ca .	5
In June 2009 work got under way on building the region 's first hospice dedicated to the care of young children .	4
Daniel Ash : Guitar and Vocals ,	0
Swiss Guards stationed around Pius XII 's body were reported to have become ill during their vigil .	3
The Council had not only ended the Monothelite heresy , but also had healed the schism .	3
The former won out , with an additional station proposed for Silverwater .	2
Cinyras ' relationship with a girl on his daughter 's age was therefore not unnatural , but Myrrha 's being in love with her own father was .	5
The answer to their question was given by Agapetus , as John II died on 8 May 535 .	3
Several schemes have been proposed to implement all-optical transistors .	1
Freeman was stuck in a traffic jam for hours .	1
In many ways , this experiment offered the easiest target for Joule 's critics but Joule disposed of the anticipated objections by clever experimentation .	5
Mount Zion Church is a historic church in Mt .	1
He also succeeded in bringing the Irish Easter celebrations in line with the rest of the Catholic Church .	3
That year is considered to be the year of establishment .	1
These facts made Sertorius unpopular ; only his skill at command kept his troops from deserting en masse .	3
Astronomer George Forbes concluded on the basis of this evidence that two planets must exist beyond Neptune .	3
Goodkind 's 12 books in the " Sword of Truth " series have sold 25 million copies and been translated into more than 20 languages .	5
After the earthquake , the Pacific Garden Mall theme was eliminated , and an updated downtown design plan by ROMA Design Group was implemented .	5
He at once set him free , granting him also the freedom of all the captive townsmen of Nola .	3
Pompey extracted further concessions and received 500 ships , 120,000 infantry , 5,000 cavalry and twenty-four lieutenants .	3
Only Roman Catholic worship was permitted , while Calvinism and Lutheranism were prohibited .	2
In 1946 he started to work with Louis Louvet on the anti-militarist weekly publication , .	2
Enemalta would be purchasing electricity .	0
People and fictional characters named Cyrus include :	0
Data from the Hipparcos satellite , combined with ground-based observations , were consistent with the hypothesis that the three stars are a bound system .	5
In 1856 , Vanderburgh moved to Minnesota Territory and practiced law in Minneapolis .	2
He is buried in the Santa Maria dell 'Anima church in Rome .	2
Tables can be set to inherit their characteristics from a " parent " table .	2
Mickey ’ s Music Festival " which ran from September 1 to 6 .	2
Agapetus immediately turned his attention from the political matter Theodahad had sent him to address to a religious one .	3
Prague is the fourth most visited European city after London , Paris and Rome .	2
After Germanisation , the population of Western Pomerania started to use the Low German dialects .	2
The paper was established in 1943 .	0
The son of Tydeus , frequently referred to as the lord of war cry , was not seen speaking disrespectful words to his enemies before .	5
The life of the Great Exhibition was limited to six months , after which something had to be decided on the future of the Palace building .	5
He played many matches as substitute midfielder .	0
Savery became a military engineer , rising to the rank of Captain by 1702 , and spent his free time performing experiments in mechanics .	5
Nonnus makes numerous references to Typhon 's serpentine nature , giving him a " tangled army of snakes " , snaky feet , and hair .	5
According to the Internal Revenue Code , the discharge of indebtedness must be included in a taxpayer 's gross income .	4
Mendut is a ninth-century Buddhist temple , located in Mendut village , Mungkid sub-district , Magelang Regency , Central Java , Indonesia .	4
They are infundibulate in the lower part and cylindrical above .	1
Tubular aluminum is flexible and hollowing , besides less sturdy .	1
Services are run by the Prague Public Transport Company ( Dopravní podnik hl .	2
Oplitidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata .	1
Public transport was perhaps the most stark example of Carr 's inaction .	2
Hus ' death , coupled with Czech proto-nationalism and proto-Protestantism , had spurred the Hussite Wars .	3
The special award for lifetime achievement is set at 12,000 Euro .	1
It is also lighter than steel , making it more desirable .	1
Santa Cruz has mild weather throughout the year , experiencing a warm-summer mediterranean climate characterized by cool , wet winters and warm , mostly dry summers .	5
Various parts of " Acanthus ilicifolius " have been used to treat asthma , diabetes , leprosy , hepatitis , snake bites , and rheumatoid arthritis .	5
The " Tannaim " were direct transmitters of uncodified oral tradition ; the " Amoraim " expounded upon and clarified the oral law after its initial codification .	5
Much of the sub-station equipment pre-dates WWII . "	1
The Chapel of the Trinity was built at the end of the reign of Francis I to replace the old chapel of the convent of the Trinitaires .	5
Since 1949 , there has been a fundamental change in the administrative division .	2
The four " Mackenzie " -class destroyers spent most of their service in the Pacific Ocean , used primarily in a training role .	4
Hopes for a lasting alliance with the Byzantine Empire had also come up against insuperable problems .	3
Clare had an easy win that day .	0
Hildegard 's father had extensive possessions in the territory under Carloman 's dominion .	2
The Fly system was 18.00 meters above the stage .	1
Wanging 'ombe ( Wangi Ngombe ) is a town and ward in Wanging 'ombe District in the Njombe Region of the Tanzanian Southern Highlands .	5
Besides resorting to bribery , they promoted factional violence , which Plutarch saw as a civil war .	3
Factors such as low prices and ease of cooking contribute to the growing popularity of this staple item .	3
Before 2.5 , generators were lazy iterators ; information was passed unidirectionally out of the generator .	3
One day he got a telephone call from his Decatur friend , John " Polar Bear " Sauter , that changed his life .	4
Pompey lent two of these legions to Caesar for his wars in Gaul at his request .	3
Schapiro left Poland around 1930 and emigrated to Palestine .	1
After being acquired in a trade two years prior from the Denver Broncos , Marshall was traded to the Chicago Bears on March 13 , 2012 .	5
Music was composed by Eric Robertson .	0
In 1891 , classes were moved to Thatcher , Arizona , to be more centralized and due to room constraints .	4
A decade later , a period of Chinese political liberalization became known as the Beijing Spring .	3
The center section of planks is parallel to the floor .	1
As " Mother " , Norman killed two young girls before stabbing Marion and Arbogast to death .	3
" Robert Thompson ( New Zealand politician )	0
Justinian declined to call a halt to the planned invasion as preparations were far too advanced .	3
Most major roads have bike lanes , and wide bike lanes were recently installed on Beach Street , near the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk .	5
Human PTRF mutations may cause secondary deficiency of caveolins , resulting in generalized lipodystrophy in association with in muscular dystrophy .	4
Denis Schneider started exhibiting again in 1998 .	0
The solipsist would say it is better to disregard the unreliable observations of alleged other people and rely upon the immediate certainty of one 's own perceptions .	5
We know this better than anyone .	0
On July 1 , 2013 , Beyer was hired by the Charlotte Bobcats as an assistant coach for the 2013 – 14 season .	4
Prior to the arrival of Spanish soldiers , missionaries and colonists in the late 18th century , Santa Cruz County was home to the Awaswas Natives .	5
1979 High Midnight ( TV Movie ) ... Sgt .	1
Inhalation of such particles may cause or worsen respiratory diseases , such as emphysema or bronchitis , or may also aggravate existing heart disease .	5
Brown and Norden soon separated and went on separate paths .	1
With twice the cargo capability and range , the HU-16 opened up new avenues of opportunity as was demonstrated in 1970 .	4
Lajos Kelemen ( born 8 June 1929 ) is a Hungarian former sports shooter .	2
After almost a year of suffering a painful illness , Honorius fell seriously ill in early 1130 .	3
He was consecrated at Perugia on 24 July and was crowned at Rome on 31 August .	3
In general , he defends many positions of Pāṇini which were interpreted somewhat differently in Katyayana .	3
Cadfael defends Philip to Hugh Beringar .	0
Python provides a codice _ 130 function for rounding a float to the nearest integer .	2
Although generally accepting the theory of evolution , John Paul II made one major exception — the human soul .	3
This was subsequently replaced by a connection to the mains grid in 1967 , although a diesel generator is retained for emergency power .	4
Part of the French 2nd Armored Division was to leave from Rambouillet at dawn the following day , on its march " to capture Paris " .	5
It was passed to reform the legislation around domestic maintenance payments that , at the time , was perceived as being ineffective .	4
On 11 March 1286 he issued a bull condemning them as heretics .	2
The Aggies have appeared in the NCAA Division I Tournament once .	1
In 1983 the ApHC reduced the number of allowable outcrosses to three main breeds : the Arabian horse , the American Quarter Horse and the Thoroughbred .	5
Bi-directional replication ( BDR ) is an asynchronous multi-master replication system for PostgreSQL .	2
This is the center of the University Heights neighborhood .	1
The current president is Ante Španović .	0
Already during his governorship Paulinus had developed a fondness for the 3rd-century martyr , St. Felix of Nola .	3
No one would catch them .	0
The thirty-two-year friendship ( and occasional academic collaboration ) lasted until his death .	2
This album will destroy every hip-hop record made in the past ten years . "	2
The major appliances being considered at this stage are :	1
He reaffirmed previous accounts of Pius having been a saviour of thousands of Europe 's Jews .	3
Since Case Closed 's premiere , over 1000 chapters have been released in Japan , making it the 21st longest running manga series .	4
Many of the châteaux were designed to be built on the top of hills , one example of this is the Château d 'Amboise .	5
Other squadrons assigned into the group were the 101st Material Squadron , 101st Air Base Squadron , and the 101st USAF Dispensary .	4
Blender 's VSE has many features including effects like Gaussian Blur , color grading , Fade and Wipe transitions , and other video transformations .	5
Following the election , the composition of the council is :	1
During his childhood , Wojtyła had contact with Wadowice 's large Jewish community .	2
Metellus then promptly defeated Hirtuleius ( see : the battle of Italica ) and marched after Sertorius .	3
Burstone published his first paper in 1959 in Journal of Dental Research .	2
Some pasta dishes are served as a small first course or for light lunches , such as pasta salads .	3
The track is three minutes and fifty nine seconds .	1
The paper was never formally accepted , and has been withdrawn until the detection is confirmed .	3
Catholics must believe that the human soul was created immediately by God .	2
" 2009 Ball State Cardinals football team	0
For the second possible parentage of Adonis , Apollodorus quotes Hesiod , who postulates that Adonis could be the child of Phoenix and Alphesiboia .	5
Two series of Wordsmith were made .	0
He made a total 45 appearances for the FC United , scoring five goals .	2
The pyridine ring occurs in many important compounds , including azines and the vitamins niacin and pyridoxine .	3
In 2000 , IMF and World Bank summit took place in Prague and anti-globalization riots took place here .	3
Beginning in the days of P.K .	0
" Bangladesh at the 2010 Commonwealth Games	0
It has a mass about an eighth of the Sun 's mass ( ) , and its average density is about 33 times that of the Sun .	5
Then Antipater the Idumaean became the adviser of weak-willed Hyrcanus and persuaded him to contend for the throne .	3
The first diesel-powered flight of a fixed-wing aircraft took place on the evening of 18 September 1928 , at the Packard Proving Grounds near Utica , Michigan .	5
Instead , Francis based this decision on John XXIII 's merits for the Second Vatican Council .	3
Her parents were chemical engineers Max Stosz and his wife Joy .	1
Smyrna then prayed that the gods would make her invisible , prompting them to turn her into a tree , which was named the Smyrna .	5
The village of Dale was established by Andrew L. Jelsing when he purchased and moved Ole Gool 's saloon from Winnipeg Junction .	4
The album had been delayed from its originally proposed release date of July 2001 due to problems between the band and the label .	4
Its name was changed to Christ Church in 1898 .	1
Messages using GeoSMS can also contain multiple locations , for example :	1
Designs , in general , have become increasingly complex and thematic in newer games .	2
The lotus fruits and flowers were the primary food of the island and were a narcotic , causing the inhabitants to sleep in peaceful apathy .	5
It is an AC bridge circuit , developed by Harald Schering .	1
The plaques were of a neutral color , to give the appearance of stone .	2
Some examples of specific Maastrichtian vocabulary :	0
It is a project conceptually aligned with Boutique Colette , located in the heart of Paris , in Rue Saint Honoré .	4
The people of Alampur are very gentle and educated .	1
The inner surface of the pitcher is almost wholly glandular .	1
In the second round , Anastasiades captured 57.5 % to 42.5 % for Malas .	2
Only 67.5 % of the population were Jordanian citizens .	1
There were two team dance .	0
After a time the king found out that his son-in-law 's slave was the great Bishop of Nola .	3
His family moved to California in 1952 .	0
She made two stops , one at Ulithi and the other at Guam , before arriving back in Pearl Harbor on 3 June .	4
The text influenced Buddhist grammatical literature , as well as memoirs of travellers to India .	2
It was modified and enlarged so much that it extended beyond the boundary of Penge Place , which was also the boundary between Surrey and Kent .	5
Alva moved to Alianza Atletico Sullana in 2004 , scoring 4 goals in the Apertura tournament and aiding his team 's offense overall .	4
The graves of Aizu and Kuwana men who died at the Battle of Toba – Fushimi are located at this temple .	4
The Thikse Monastery is located here .	0
- Co-author of " Special Operations " film .	1
For example , reduction with lithium aluminium hydride yields a mixture of 1,4-dihydropyridine , 1,2-dihydropyridine , and 2,5-dihydropyridine .	3
Kuster stated that the idea for " Myrrha " came when she was asked by the American Composers Orchestra to write a love-and-erotica themed concert .	5
Many of these publications were printed by Dickens and Evans , that is Charles Dickens jnr . , Dickens ' son working with his father-in-law Frederick Evans .	5
They are then grown on within a greenhouse or cold frame , for another year .	2
All tracks written by Muddy Waters , except when indicated .	1
1987 ABC Afterschool Specials ( TV Series ) ... Dr. Louise Warner	1
Biodiesel emissions showed decreased levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon ( PAH ) and nitrited PAH compounds , which have been identified as potential cancer-causing compounds .	5
Prío died one week after George de Mohrenschildt allegedly committed suicide while a HSCA investigator was on his way to de Morenschildt 's house to question him .	5
He reached Attaleia ( Antalya ) in Pamphylia where some warships from Cilicia had been assembled for him .	3
Fjord Line was founded in 1993 .	0
News of the Boston Tea Party had clearly reached rural New Jersey , as Jemima Condict wrote some ten months after that event .	4
On 25 June 2018 , Kelly signed for Scottish Premiership club Hamilton Academical .	2
Olsen appeared in the motion picture adaption of the Alex Flinn novel " Beastly " ( 2011 ) , which was her final acting project .	5
The album was well accepted with Armenian , European and American-Armenian audiences .	2
While being a superb commander , Pompey also earned a reputation for stealing other generals ' victories .	3
In 1867 , Green retired and moved to Bay City , Michigan .	2
The JIM consisted of a three-member leadership panel , headed by an Assistant Secretary General .	2
Their life became peripatetic as Patricia took a series of jobs around the country .	2
This was one of two important disagreements Hitchcock had with Herrmann , in which Herrmann ignored Hitchcock 's instructions .	3
He brought the body back to Aeaea and took Penelope , Odysseus ' widow , and Telemachus , Odysseus ' son , with him .	5
He and Odysseus were the only Achaean heroes who participated in covert military operations that demanded discipline , bravery , courage , cunning , and resourcefulness .	5
The film 's only action scene involves closeups of Dennis " talking down " a bomber piloted by a bombardier .	4
At one time the village had a town hall , a jail , an elevator , and numerous private homes .	4
