Jhonny Peralta later delivered a game-tying two-run single before the Cardinals loaded the bases and Garcia drew the decisive walk .	Sing
On September 16 , Pham tripled and hit his first multi-home run game in a 5 – 4 victory .	Sing
Matheny became the first manager in MLB history to guide his club to the postseason in each of his first four full seasons .	Sing
Pham drove in two of the runs in a 3 – 1 win over the Reds on September 22 .	Sing
Heyward hit a grand slam to highlight the second game , the second of his career , and robbed both Francisco Cervelli and Michael Morse of hits .	Sing
Reyes ' fastball could reach and he also threw a power curveball .	Sing
The " Verbandsgemeinde " Römerberg-Dudenhofen consists of the following " Ortsgemeinden " ( " local municipalities " ) :	Sing
Rovio Animation , Ltd. is the animation division of Kaiken Entertainment after it was acquired from its original owner , Rovio Entertainment , in March 2017 .	Sing
Veteran actor David Abraham also appears in his last film role , filmed shortly before his death in 1981 .	Sing
Shobha finds it difficult to fit into the Western lifestyle in Canada and eventually separates from Arun after suspecting him of an affair with his secretary .	Sing
Shobha decides to take her son Raju back with her to India while Arun stays in Canada with his daughter Pinky .	Sing
Pinky initially resists him but eventually she too falls in love with him .	Sing
Pinky sees her father and runs out , while a shootout is ensuing between Tony and the henchmen .	Sing
In the end , Pinky reunites with her father , mother and brother .	Sing
Sánchez started his career with Universidad in the second division , making his first tier debut in 2007 .	Sing
Sánchez had a short loan stint with Pérez Zeledón in 2014 , where he scored 4 goals .	Sing
The " Verbandsgemeinde " Lambsheim-Heßheim consists of the following " Ortsgemeinden " ( " local municipalities " ) :	Sing
AC / DC made a statement the same day : " We 've only become aware of Phil 's arrest as the news was breaking .	Sing
AQIM grew out of Algerian Islamist groups that had fought in the 1990s Civil War .	Sing
Gouri was also part of an AQIM cell responsible for suicide attacks on the government 's headquarters and the UN compound in Algiers in 2007 .	Sing
In 1905 Kingsley was one of the founders of the Socialist Party of Canada ( SPC ) .	Sing
Bertha Merrill Burns , a supporter of feminism , prohibition and socialism , was the first woman to serve on the executive of the SPBC .	Sing
The basic message was that socialism would return women to their proper place as homemakers .	Sing
In an editorial titled " Attrition " in January 1916 Pritchard noted the loss of millions of lives that had occurred .	Sing
Shobha ( Sonali Bendre ) is a middle-aged housewife married to politician Samarth ( Harsh Chhaya ) , and they had two teenage children .	Sing
After confronting him with the matter , Shobha orders him out of the house ( which has been financed entirely by the husband ) overnight .	Sing
Sabarimala Sree Dharmashastha is a 1970 Indian Malayalam film , directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by C. R. K. Nair .	Sing
The film stars Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair , Hari , Manavalan Joseph and Sridevi in the lead roles .	Sing
Franck Kom ( born 18 September 1991 ) , is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Espérance Tunis as a midfielder .	Sing
Cramer came from a military family .	Sing
Cramer graduated from Johnstown High School in 1942 at the age of 16 .	Sing
Cramer personally led a bayonet charge that drove the enemy from their trenches , allowing the unit to advance , but was wounded by machinegun fire .	Sing
While there , Cramer earned Royal Thai Army parachute wings .	Sing
Cramer died instantly and other members of the team and their students were wounded .	Sing
Cramer had graduated , to mark the 50th Anniversary of the first Vietnam casualty .	Sing
Cramer received the following decorations :	Sing
Kinsella refereed the 2014 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final between Donegal and Kerry at Croke Park .	Sing
Armenia , Azerbaijan , Belarus , Georgia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Moldova , Russia , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Ukraine are eligible to play .	Sing
A flake is not necessarily perfectly flat but it is characterized by a plate-like form or structure .	Sing
These Nano Flakes can potentially also help out with economic and environmental problems associated with solar energy .	Plur
In 1951 , Hille moved from its premises in Hainault to a former brewery building in Watford , Hertfordshire .	Sing
By 1953 Hille had five showrooms in Britain and another in Grenoble .	Sing
Hille also supplies seats for schools and hospitals and public seating for railway stations .	Sing
In 2012 , Hille relocated its operations from Burnley to Rassau in Ebbw Vale , Wales .	Sing
Airtel Kenya on their part stated that the partnership would increase their revenue by up to 10 % .	Sing
On 22 September 2014 , Safaricom stated that it would review its legal commitments to M-Pesa customers who opt to use the Equitel overlay SIM cards .	Sing
The pharmacy " Central " still retains its historic pharmaceutical instruments , including weights , glass eye bath , bottle opener and mortar .	Sing
Asphalt Overdrive is a 2014 " endless runner " video game published by Gameloft and developed by their Madrid studio .	Sing
Daytime starts at the beginning of the game , but nighttime starts when the player reaches Turf 3 .	Sing
There is grinding , which begins appearing at the beginning of Episode 3 .	Sing
Cepstral mean and variance normalization ( CMVN ) is a computationally efficient normalization technique for robust speech recognition .	Sing
By 1970 Petry divided her time between Montreal and London .	Sing
In 1976 Petry exhibited in the Musée d 'art contemporain de Montréal 's group show " Cent Onze Dessins du Québec " .	Sing
Petry also participated in the 2000 , 2004 and 2006 " London Biennale " .	Sing
Petry lives and works in Montreal , Canada , and London , England .	Sing
As a multidisciplinary artist , Petry influenced painting , print-making and performance art in Canada .	Sing
Kal Swan ( born 20 April 1963 ) is a Scottish hard rock vocalist and songwriter .	Sing
An adversary may hope to achieve air supremacy or protect itself from air attack first by attacking airbases , aircraft and other assets on the ground .	Sing
Also because of political considerations German paratroopers , the Fallschirmjäger , were part of the air force .	Sing
Vishnu Keshav Utturkar ( Joshi ) , was a disciple of Neelkanthbuva , who in turn was a disciple of Late Pt .	Sing
The forest company Holmen bought Stålboga in 1910 .	Sing
On 13 December , Pozo made his first start for Manchester City , in a 1 – 0 away win over Leicester City .	Sing
On 31 August 2015 , Pozo moved to UD Almería of his native Andalusia on a five-year contract .	Sing
On 27 July 2018 , Pozo signed a five-year contract with La Liga side Rayo Vallecano .	Sing
Rothstein recalled that she went to work out of high school and that ’ s when she bought her first winter coat .	Sing
There , Rothstein became an on-the-job trained lab technician and advanced to director of personnel .	Sing
After serving as president and CEO from 1977 to 1991 , Rothstein left Mt .	Sing
Rothstein said she saw the lack of access as a social justice issue .	Sing
“ The future of American health care demands practitioners who can work together and communicate effectively , ” Rothstein said .	Sing
Rothstein received numerous awards throughout her professional career , including honorary degrees .	Sing
PetSmart Charities also has a program where they will partner with other local animal welfare agencies in order to further the pet adoption process .	Sing
PetSmart stores host adoption events by partnering with local animal rescue and welfare organizations .	Sing
" Sun Daze " is a song recorded by American country music duo Florida Georgia Line .	Sing
whatever ‘ Sun Daze ’ is for that person — staying home , making a drink , playing basketball , whatever it may be . ”	Sing
The pharaohs deficient in information are : Hsekiu , Khayu , Tiu ( pharaoh ) , Thesh , Neheb , Wazner , Mekh .	Plur
Decline of the colony begins at the end of the wet season in November .	Sing
Age polytheism is the system that wasps will perform different tasks as they age .	Sing
Therefore , a reminder comes in the form of these bites .	Sing
This discrimination would explain how the wasps decide who branches off from the natal nest .	Sing
Sakuraba Midori is her name , and the two of them are forced to become partners and watch over the school together .	Sing
ITIS records citing taxon author " Robertson , 1903 "	Sing
Polistes nimpha is a eusocial paper wasp found all over Europe , with particular sightings in Turkey , Finland , Estonia , and Latvia .	Sing
" Polistes nimpha " colonies are relatively small and easily manipulated .	Sing
The fertile foundresses live through the winter and build a nest in the beginning of May .	Plur
The foundresses wag their abdomens while keeping the batch of pulp in their mandibles .	Plur
The foundress may sometimes take the nest material ( partly or completely ) from the foragers who brought it to the nest .	Sing
Specialists on the other hand , are females that prefer to nest proximate to already founded nests .	Plur
Both parasitoids develop in two generations ; the females of the first generation infest the host nest towards the end of May to the middle of June .	Plur
Both parasitoids are more present in colony clusters and usually infest larger nests .	Plur
Kaling Moyong is an Indian politician who is the Member of Legislative Assembly of BJP in Arunachal Pradesh .	Sing
Segundo Mesías Navarrete Navarrete ( born 21 May 1985 ) is an Ecuadorian racing cyclist .	Sing
Later that year , Grammy nominated singer-songwriter and composer Peter Himmelman wrote a song about Eisenberg 's work .	Sing
Khawaja did not rely on investors ' money to start the company , using his own money instead .	Sing
Jaume Rovira ( born 3 November 1979 ) is a Spanish racing cyclist riding for Team Ecuador .	Sing
In this portrait there is a groundwork of gold showing through the colour of the dress , which is painted over it .	Sing
Fifi is in love with Sajan while Tito and Veni secretly love each other .	Sing
Pump is a 2014 documentary film by Josh Tickell and Rebecca Harrell Tickell .	Sing
Rochat is a leading figure in efforts to conserve our oceans , and in shark conservation in particular .	Sing
Rochat is also the principal photographer and videographer for the organisation .	Sing
Rochat is the CEO of " Blue Pulse Pictures " , her documentary film company which produces awareness documentaries focused on the oceans .	Sing
Rochat is an environmental photojournalist and underwater photographer .	Sing
Rochat is the voice for those who cannot speak and is often on international and national TV shows challenging policies and practices which harm marine life .	Sing
As a public speaker , Rochat speaks at events and to companies , organisations , universities and schools , inspiring and motivating individuals .	Sing
Flirting Around ( 5 February 1971 – 1993 ) was a Kentucky-bred , French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire .	Sing
Happy Flirt 's dam Saracen Flirt was also the ancestor of the St Leger winner Mutafaweq .	Sing
Rainer Buchmann is a German car designer , who founded the „ bb “ company specialised in the modification of luxury cars .	Sing
Both the Turbo Targa and the CW 311 had their debut in the German movie " Car napping " of 1980 .	Sing
Lumb is a small village in the Rossendale district of Lancashire , England .	Sing
Lumb was historically in the large ancient parish of Whalley .	Sing
Radha Madhavam is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Suresh Unnithan and produced by Ali .	Sing
The " Verbandsgemeinde " Thaleischweiler-Wallhalben consists of the following " Ortsgemeinden " ( " local municipalities " ) :	Sing
De Kleine Molen ( ) is a smock mill in Stiens , Friesland , Netherlands which was built in 1913 and moved in 1988 .	Sing
" De Kleine Molen " is what the Dutch describe as a " Grondzeiler " .	Sing
The " windshaft " carries the " brake wheel " which has 27 cogs .	Sing
" De Kleine Molen " is open to the public by appointment .	Sing
MacMillan was a relative of US Senator James McMillan and was the first cousin , once removed , of Hugh Macmillan , Baron Macmillan .	Sing
For the next twenty-four years , from 1873 to 1895 , MacMillan reported for the " Chicago Inter Ocean " .	Sing
MacMillan was also a member of the senate committee on the World 's Columbian Exposition , which authorized a $ 80,000 grant for the fair .	Sing
MacMillan was active in the Congregational church and served as moderator of the Illinois State Congregational Association in 1899 .	Sing
On January 24 , 1883 , MacMillan married Marcy C. Goudie .	Sing
MacMillan was a member of the Cook County Board of Education from 1879 to 1882 .	Sing
The PSDB 's Beto Richa won election for his first term as governor .	Sing
Combe had held the seat since the 1892 by-election .	Sing
Vacancy in Vaughn Street is a 1963 Australian television short .	Sing
The Potez 26 was a single seat fighter aircraft designed and flown in France in the mid-1920s .	Sing
The Potez 26 was a lighter , smaller span , single-seat fighter version of the two-seat biplane Potez 25 reconnaissance aircraft .	Sing
There was a semicircular cut-out in the upper trailing edge to improve the pilot 's forward view .	Sing
There was a sprung tailskid .	Sing
The Potez 26 made its first flight in August 1924 and was on display at the 1924 Paris Salon .	Sing
Godchaux was a prominent running back for Dan McGugin 's Vanderbilt Commodores football teams .	Sing
On the 1921 football team Godchaux was its second leading scorer behind Rupert Smith .	Sing
Godchaux was the first son to follow in his father 's footsteps as a Vanderbilt football player .	Sing
MV " Iringa " is a ferry operated by the Marine Services Company Limited of Tanzania on Lake Nyasa .	Sing
Sometimes Savage would come to a revival with a band , and sometimes he would send them out under a " second in command . "	Sing
Gaël Faure ( born 7 July 1987 ) is a French singer-songwriter .	Sing
In 2005 , Faure auditioned for the fourth series of Nouvelle Star ( the French version of Pop Idol ) .	Sing
In January 2012 , Faure signed a contract with the label Jipe Epic , part of the Sony Music Entertainment group .	Sing
Brice Fournier ( born 20 July 1966 ) is a French actor .	Sing
Declared exchanged November 22 , 1862 .	Sing
Johanne Louise Schmidt ( born 16 October 1983 ) is a Danish actress who has performed on both stage and in film .	Sing
Starting in 2012 , Kloss was working on a new 47 square meter " Staufersaga-Panorama " , which he completed in 2015 .	Sing
Kloss was a member of the Social Democratic Party , and was a member of Lorch 's municipal council , starting in the late 1970s .	Sing
Exile ( titled Exiles in the U.K. edition ) is a 1930 best-selling novel by English writer Warwick Deeping .	Sing
The midtempo cut attempts to unify , but its earnestness is embarrassing " .	Sing
" Rap-Up " commented that Keys " belted out the inspiring anthem " .	Sing
The final stanza offers the " pleasant " reunion promised in the title .	Sing
The taxi crashes , killing the driver and injuring the man .	Sing
From 1972 until 1979 , Mecca Bingo took over as the final bingo operator .	Sing
In 1832 Stoop left the firm to join Hope & Co. and her son Willem Borski II ( 1799-1881 ) took his place in 1832 .	Sing
In the preseason poll of OVC coaches and sports information directors , SIUE was picked to finish third in the West Division .	Sing
Qvale attended Williston High School in Williston , North Dakota .	Sing
As a junior in 2009 – 10 , Qvale earned the title as the team 's top rebounder and was second in blocks in the Big Sky .	Sing
Qvale finished his stint with Montana averaging a team-high 7.1 rebounds per game , and became the second-leading scorer with 10.2 points each game .	Sing
On June 8 , 2011 , Qvale signed a one-year deal with Aliağa Petkim of the Turkish Basketball League .	Sing
On July 19 , 2012 , Qvale signed a one-year deal with Belfius Mons-Hainaut of the Ethias League .	Sing
On July 30 , 2013 , Qvale signed a one-year deal with Medi Bayreuth of the Basketball Bundesliga .	Sing
On September 22 , 2014 , Qvale signed with the Charlotte Hornets .	Sing
On July 12 , 2017 , Qvale signed a two-year contract with Russian club Lokomotiv Kuban .	Sing
On July 16 , 2018 , Qvale signed a deal with the Italian club Virtus Bologna .	Sing
Rarely is music this fun without compromising individuality . "	Sing
Unknown Death 2002 is the debut mixtape by Swedish rapper Yung Lean .	Sing
DX is the only studio album by American hip hop record production duo Friendzone .	Sing
Naomh Eoin is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Myshall , County Carlow .	Sing
Schiphol has a well extended network of free bus lanes .	Sing
Connexxion uses Mercedes-Benz Citaro low floor buses with Euro 5 diesel engines .	Sing
Haider lived in Narre Warren , Victoria , and was of Afghan descent .	Sing
Haider produced a knife and slashed the Victorian officer across the arm .	Sing
When the AFP officer collapsed , Haider climbed on top of him and repeatedly stabbed him .	Sing
Haider was carrying two knives and the Black Standard flag .	Sing
The offseason saw yet another move as Patak joined Austrian-based aon hotVolleys in Fall 2008 .	Sing
Johnes was an ardent student of Welsh literature .	Sing
By 1967 , Manoukian had retired into a life of real estate and business investment .	Sing
Marden qualified for the 1980 U.S. Olympic team but was unable to compete due to the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott .	Sing
The Vintage Wings de Havilland Tiger Moth crashed at the Gatineau Airport on 28 August 2009 .	Sing
A Christian pacifist , Kempthorne believed war was inconsistent with Christianity .	Sing
In “ Mortal Love ” , Rivka Keren raises some basic , universal questions : to what extent do we shape our lives ?	Sing
Unlike most species of wasps , " Polistes humilis " colonies have been know to re-utilize old nests from year to year .	Sing
Dispersal of males likely happens before mating .	Sing
There is a trade-off between these mechanisms , with larger colony sizes having more genetic diversity and smaller colonies having increased antimicrobials .	Sing
This trade-off has likely developed by evolution as the cuticular compounds are metabolically expensive to produce so larger colonies may not be able to support this mechanism .	Sing
Dizengoff 99 ( ) is a 1979 Israeli film starring Gali Atari , Gidi Gov , Meir Suissa , and Anat Atzmon .	Sing
Ossi works for an insurance company and the three of them decide to make a movie using stolen equipment .	Sing
When Bob comes over to ask if Lee stayed the night , Gaby puts two and two together .	Sing
Gaby arranges a dinner with Bradley and his wife to convince Carlos otherwise .	Sing
Lynette becomes desperate to find him and discovers Preston talking on the phone with him .	Sing
Lynette takes his phone and calls Porter , who immediately puts down the phone .	Sing
Marietta ( Greek ) Carey was the daughter of early pioneers to the county , and she was one of the first people born in the county .	Sing
Lynette has a visitor from her mother 's retirement home , who has come to complain about the noise that Porter is making during his stay .	Sing
Lynette leaves the home , upset at her mother 's anger , and is on the phone to Tom when an accident occurs .	Sing
Lynette agrees that if Stella changes she will visit at least twice a week and sometimes bring the children along with her .	Sing
Gaby then phones Carlos to ask for help when the girls made a mess in the living room .	Sing
In addition to the bishop pine , there is the Monterey cypress ( " Callitropsis macrocarpa " ) , a closed-cone conifer .	Sing
By 2000 the elk herd had increased in size to the point that it had outgrown the restricted area .	Sing
A full-grown elk can weigh 500 pounds or more and run at the speed of a racehorse .	Plur
Today , there are more elk in the state than at any time since Abraham Lincoln 's presidency .	Plur
In 1945 , the VA issued a directive that all blue-discharges for homosexuality would be denied benefits .	Sing
Blue discharges are certain to be a headache for Congress from now on . "	Plur
Despite the Committee 's report , the VA continued to discriminate against homosexual blue-tickets , renewing its 1945 directive in 1946 and again in 1949 .	Sing
Chamberlin lived here until 1914 , when he left Denison to attend Iowa State College .	Sing
McCluskey is annoyed that Eli has sent out cards to everyone in the neighbourhood announcing his retirement .	Sing
Gaby recalls how when she moved into the neighbourhood Carlos was working a lot and she found herself extremely bored .	Sing
Lynette recalls how when she was pregnant with Penny she planned on going back to work as soon as Penny is born .	Sing
After a hiatus of nine years , Gascoigne returned to the Continent where he was welcomed by court society .	Sing
Gascoigne paid the bulk of the costs of the tour to Spain which was planned by Swinburne to form the basis for a published travel guide .	Sing
In December 1776 Gascoigne accompanied Swinburne and his family on a visit to southern Italy , based around Naples .	Sing
Here Gascoigne settled with the Swinburnes and again the pair became intimately connected with the Neapolitan court and British expatriate community .	Sing
Upon returning to England , Gascoigne renounced his Roman Catholic religion in order to circumvent the penal laws and take a seat in Parliament .	Sing
Since December 1782 Gascoigne had been a member of Christopher Wyvill 's Yorkshire Association , which agitated for parliamentary reform .	Sing
Three months later Gascoigne took command of a new militia - the Barkston Ash and Skyrack Volunteers .	Sing
Gascoigne never remarried and continued to raise his only son and three children from Mary 's first marriage on his Parlington estate .	Sing
Gascoigne was responsive to new developments in the extractive industries and eager to adopt these new techniques to exploit his mineral assets to the full .	Sing
Curr was the colliery steward to Charles Howard , Duke of Norfolk , and was likely to have been recommended to Gascoigne by the Duke .	Sing
Potato babka is a savoury dish , popular especially in Belarus and Poland , where it is known as babka ziemniaczana .	Sing
Met Life remained the world 's tallest building until 1913 .	Sing
The recently constructed Burj Khalifa may join this list .	Sing
Aristobulus preached and died in Roman Britain .	Sing
In January 2002 , Wardley joined Rushden & Diamonds on loan , signing on a free transfer in April 2002 .	Plur
Neither our great Canadian classicists nor such well-known American practitioners as McKim , Mead and White have produced anything finer in Grecian adaptation than this Montreal building .	Plur
Syllitus rectus is a species of Cerambycidae that occurs in Australia .	Sing
Bernd Klotz ( born 8 September 1958 in Pforzheim ) is a German football coach and a former player .	Sing
The post mortem held later that month gave a verdict of " Suicide in an unsound state of mind " .	Sing
Yola is Eleanor McEvoy 's fourth studio album , and her first album on her own label , Moscodisc .	Sing
" Yola " proved to be a turning point in McEvoy 's musical direction .	Sing
McEvoy took out ads protesting against the closure of the railway line in Wexford newspapers in 2010 .	Sing
The spore sac contains an ostiole , a small opening near the apex .	Sing
Quoin Hill Airfield was an airfield in North Efate , in Vanuatu .	Sing
Comet Lulin ( official designation C / 2007 N3 ( Lulin ) , Traditional Chinese : 鹿林彗星 ) is a non-periodic comet .	Sing
Encke lost its tail in dramatic fashion , much as Comet Lulin did on February 4 .	Sing
The riddim was Marsden 's first since the hugely successful Diwali riddim earlier in 2002 .	Sing
Reception to the film 's premiere at the Sundance Film Festival was particularly positive .	Sing
Mullen , 16 , came in 17th .	Sing
That spill happened on the final day of training in Val d 'Isere , France , and took him out of the race .	Sing
Halliday subsequently won two British Empire titles in 1950 and 1954 .	Sing
Shank earned his doctorate in nutrition at the University of Maryland , College Park .	Sing
Shank retired from IFT as a Vice President of Science , Communications , and Government Relations in 2010 .	Sing
Xenomania also co-wrote three of the tracks .	Sing
EMI set up a website for anyone affected by this to claim a new booklet .	Sing
By providing food and aid to domestic and international churches , CHF connects them to families in their community .	Sing
CHF equips these churches through training and education .	Sing
CHF developed the Food Pak program as a method of delivering food into the homes of families in need .	Sing
CHF calls this method of distribution Relational Mercy Ministry .	Sing
As of 2013 , CHF had distributed more than $ 1 billion in aid to children and families in need .	Sing
In response to the 1992 Los Angeles riots , CHF increased its food distribution program in South Central Los Angeles .	Sing
CHF launched the Care Package program in 1998 .	Sing
In 2004 , CHF began a partnership with Africa Renewal Ministries in Uganda , to form the first Mercy Network .	Sing
CHF began resourcing churches in Uganda with Food Paks , and financial support to build homes for Bethany Village orphanage .	Sing
Two years later , CHF expanded its reach by opening its second distribution center , located just outside of Chicago , IL .	Sing
In 2013 , CHF launched Rethink Mercy Equipping ( RME ) — these workshops train churches to reach out to their communities through Relational Mercy Ministry .	Sing
CHF is a member of the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability and receives a 5 out of 5 Star Financial Efficiency Rating from Ministry Watch .	Sing
CHF has repeatedly received a 4-star rating through Charity Navigator , their highest valuation possible .	Sing
CHF accepts volunteers from churches , community groups , and schools into distribution centers in Los Angeles , Chicago , San Antonio , and Dallas .	Sing
CHF has an average of over 24,000 volunteer visits annually .	Sing
America 's Toy Wrap is CHF 's largest annual volunteer event .	Sing
Rodale was the founder of the Lehigh Valley Velodrome .	Sing
Rodale met his wife , Ardath Harter , at a square dance party held at her family home .	Sing
Rodale competed in the 1968 Olympics in skeet shooting and was inducted into the United States Bicycling Hall of Fame in 1991 .	Sing
" A Good Opportunity " is the first episode of the second season of the HBO comedy series " Flight of the Conchords " .	Sing
Bret and Jemaine are at Murray 's fancy new office discussing band matters .	Sing
Sometime after Rego tried to end the relationship Reed pleaded guilty to assault and was sentenced to 37 months in prison .	Sing
Rampage is a series of video games released by Midway ( 1986-2009 ) and Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment ( 2009-present ) for various consoles .	Sing
The game-play revolves around using your chosen monster to destroy cities around the world while attacking or avoiding police and military forces .	Sing
Putnam married Francis Faulkner ( b .	Sing
Luz Eufemia Vela Gutiérrez — better known as Lucé Vela — is the wife of former Governor of Puerto Rico Luis Fortuño .	Sing
Salomé is an opera in one act by Antoine Mariotte to a libretto based on the French play " Salome " by Oscar Wilde .	Sing
Wilde wrote the play in French , because he felt its poetic language belonged to " fin de siècle " sensibility .	Sing
Kunsthalle Düsseldorf is an exhibition hall for contemporary art in Düsseldorf .	Sing
Normally the pavement ran down the middle of the road , with a gravelled way on either side .	Sing
The 27 metre waterfall is popular with tourists and is regularly photographed from an adjoining Department of Conservation area .	Sing
" The Sorcerer " opened on 17 November 1877 .	Sing
With a logistics background , Atherton joined the RAF aged 17 in 1979 and completed training at RAF Henlow .	Sing
Atherton raised a national controversy when she banned RAF Wittering personnel from wearing uniform while off duty .	Sing
Atherton deployed to Afghanistan in July 2008 as Deputy Commander Joint Force Support Headquarters .	Sing
Boylan did graduate research in X-ray crystallography at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .	Sing
The West Michigan Mayhem is a women 's professional American football team based in Kalamazoo , Michigan .	Sing
" Shine , Shine , My Star " ( ) is an acclaimed Russian romance .	Sing
That shine on me such glorious light !	Sing
His Lyrics Are Disastrous is Jakobínarína 's first release .	Sing
Józef Grzesiak ( born 18 February 1941 in Popów , Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland ) is a boxer from Poland .	Sing
Winchester introduced the .32SL and .35SL cartridges in the Winchester ' 05 self-loading rifle , a centerfire version of the Winchester ' 03 .	Sing
However the Marxist organizing committee decided to relent and the next congress met in Brussels in 1891 .	Sing
After communist disarmed on 2 December 1989 , GOF task has changed in the scenario is more varied .	Sing
The UPP later renamed to Agensi Keselamatan Sempadan ( Border Security Agency ) in 2015 .	Sing
1996 , Resende was the official start for Volkswagen Trucks and Buses , developing their own parts and platforms .	Sing
Tamsin Charles is the sister of Libby Charles ( Ty Glaser ) .	Sing
Tamsin first appeared on horseback with Libby , but the two girls have very different personalities .	Sing
Tamsin has little time for quaint village life or a hard day 's work .	Sing
Moira Stanley was the cellmate of Steph Stokes ( Lorraine Chase ) .	Sing
Kayleigh Gibbs was a friend of Victoria Sugden .	Sing
Kayleigh first appears in March 2005 , attending Victoria 's birthday party .	Sing
Kayleigh and Victoria enjoy winding Louise up .	Sing
Although she no longer lives in the village , Kayleigh is still friends with Victoria and appears with her .	Sing
Together they have sneaked into clubs , and egged the post office , causing a pregnant Viv Hope to collapse .	Sing
Kayleigh next appears in November 2009 and is involved in a bullying story with Hannah Barton .	Sing
Kayleigh took a disliking to Victoria being friends with Hannah and sent her insulting text messages .	Sing
Sian Harper is an acquaintance of Matthew King .	Sing
When Sian realises becomes angry and leaves soon after dinner .	Plur
Effie Harrison is Jean Tate 's live-in nanny .	Sing
As Zoe becomes more erratic , Effie begins to doubt her innocence , and takes an offer from Sadie King to double-cross Zoe .	Sing
Effie abruptly becomes lovers with Zoe and persuades her to revive the idea of leaving with the children .	Sing
When Zoe returns home , Effie pleads with her to understand , but Zoe punches her .	Sing
Avril Kent is a brief love interest of Bob Hope .	Sing
Avril is a temporary love interest for Bob Hope after his divorce from Viv .	Sing
Delphine LaClair is a sales representative .	Sing
When Rodney Blackstock plans to sell his vineyards to a French company , Delphine is their representative .	Sing
Noreen Doreen Bell is a pensioner who befriends Val Lambert .	Sing
Noreen dies on 13 July 2006 when she is having a look around the Kings ' show home .	Sing
Kagura , the club 's " goddess " , can transform people into Euphorics , or people with their desired abilities granted , through her bodily fluids .	Sing
On February 13 , 2007 , Funimation released the series to the iTunes USA store .	Sing
Funimation was unable to obtain the rights for " Girls on Film " in the United States , however .	Sing
Ginza begins to become depressed when people tell her things about Saiga she didn 't know .	Sing
Ginza eventually realizes that she cannot stop Saiga from loving Kagura and helps him to stay alive .	Sing
Tsujido 's voice actor in the Japanese anime is Hiro Yūki and his English voice actor is Greg Ayres .	Sing
Makabe tends to be more professional in getting the job done .	Sing
With help from Ginza , Saiga was able to destroy his body , leaving only his legs and fragments of skin .	Sing
Kazuki Odawara is Shinsen 's former lover and Kagura 's father .	Sing
SciFi Weekly pointed out that though many characters ' stories were deeply explored , they were thrown together in a baffling manner .	Sing
Carly Hope is the daughter of Bob Hope ( Tony Audenshaw ) .	Sing
On 7 January 2015 , " Emmerdale " confirmed that Atkinson had been cast in the role of Carly and began filming in January 2015 .	Sing
Her character Carly is sure to liven things up for Bob and Brenda and anyone who crosses her path . "	Sing
Carly and Bob have a row and she eventually throws him out of the car and leaves him by the roadside .	Sing
The Cham then defeated the fleet sent to repulse them , at Bay of the Battle .	Sing
" Battlefront " does not feature iron sights apart from one blaster , but allows players to zoom in for better accuracy .	Sing
Multiplayer is the main purpose of " Battlefront " .	Sing
DICE first acknowledged the game at Electronic Arts ' E3 2013 press conference , along with a teaser trailer .	Sing
As such , DICE did not brand the new game as a sequel to " " , but a reboot of the franchise .	Sing
" Outer Rim " is the second downloadable content for the game , which was released on March 22 , 2016 .	Sing
The DLC is available to players who have purchased the game 's Season Pass .	Sing
" Outer Rim " is the first of the four DLC packs planned for Season Pass owners .	Sing
" Star Wars Battlefront " was one of three titles listed , along with " Halo 5 " and " Assassin 's Creed Syndicate " .	Sing
Ruskin and village churchwarden Wally Lumm had a disagreement in 1974 over divorced women joining the Women 's Union .	Sing
In May 1975 Ruskin and his wife left the village after he was transferred to another parish .	Sing
There was a nice send off for him at the village hall .	Sing
In May 1983 Rev Ruskin returned to Beckindale as a stand in vicar for Rev Hinton when he was away .	Sing
Mateja Robnik ( born April 6 , 1987 in Celje , SR Slovenia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian alpine skier .	Sing
Bagchi explores the degree to which economic growth under capitalism is poorly correlated with human development .	Sing
After Mouzalon 's murder , Theodora would marry the " protovestiarios " John Raoul Petraliphas ( in 1261 ) .	Sing
Reg Dawson is the first husband of Viv Windsor ( Deena Payne ) and father of Scott Windsor ( Toby Cockerell ) .	Sing
Viv then tries to get Reg to give himself up and tells him she will say Shirley 's death is an accident .	Sing
Reg , realising there is no way out , plans for him and Viv to die together in a suicide pact .	Sing
Before this can happen , a police marksman shoots Reg dead .	Sing
Butch caused trouble for Luke for the remainder of the year in revenge .	Sing
Butch later began stalking Sophie as he couldn 't handle her rejection .	Sing
Butch also had an obsession with his cousin Mandy Dingle .	Sing
Butch felt himself in love with her and was sad that his feelings were not reciprocated .	Sing
Butch later divorced Mandy and fell in love with Emily Wylie .	Sing
Butch died in hospital of injuries sustained in the bus crash on 24 March 2000 .	Sing
Butch had been a passenger in the community bus when it was hit by an out-of-control lorry driven by Pete Collins .	Sing
Before dying , Butch married Emily on his death bed .	Sing
The epitaph on their tombstone is ' Dead but still Dingles ' .	Sing
The linkage constituted a major drainage barrier that formed various large and ephemeral ice-dammed lakes .	Sing
In the Baltic Sea uplift has been greatest at the High Coast in the western Bothnian Sea .	Sing
The Weichsel Early Glacial ( 115,000 - 60,000 BC ) is in turn divided into four stages :	Sing
The short " Weichselian Late Glacial " ( 12,500 - c . 10,000 BC ) was the period of slow warming after the Weichselian High Glacial .	Sing
Following the last of these cold periods , the Younger Dryas , the Weichselian Glacial ended with an abrupt climb in temperature around 9,660 ± 40 BC .	Sing
Alessio De Paolis ( 9 March 1893 – 5 March 1964 ) was an Italian operatic tenor who specialized in character roles .	Sing
Joyride is a 1997 American film directed by Quinton Peeples .	Sing
" Joyride " has received negative reviews from critics .	Sing
Indy quickly hands the Golden Idol to Rachel as he begins to tell a tale to the children .	Sing
Indy quickly gathers his belongings and rushes off to locate an old map , supposedly leading him to the nearby .	Sing
Indy would then encounter a Desert Hawk where shortly thereafter a fight would ensue .	Sing
Indy would then run through the streets of Adventureland , in search for the mysterious temple .	Sing
Indy would then use his whip to get the map from the Desert Hawk 's hand .	Sing
Finally , Indy would take off running through Adventureland once again .	Sing
Indy would no longer throw any direct punches at the woman , he would simply dodge .	Sing
Wykes made his Minor Counties Championship debut in 1987 , and made three List A appearances in the NatWest Trophy between 1987 and 1989 .	Plur
Wykes took five wickets with the ball in his one-day career , from 25.1 overs of bowling at an average of 15.60 .	Plur
Salvia albimaculata is a perennial shrub that is native to a very small region in Turkey , at 1200 m elevation in the Taurus Mountains .	Sing
Boozer grew up in Washington , D.C. where he graduated as salutatorian of his class at Dunbar High School .	Sing
Boozer attended Dartmouth College on a scholarship ; he entered the university in 1963 , one of only three African Americans admitted that year .	Sing
Boozer also wrote for " BlackLight " , the first national black gay periodical , founded by Sidney Brinkley .	Sing
Boozer spoke to the Democratic convention in a speech televised in prime time , calling on the party to support equality for LGBT people :	Sing
Boozer received 49 votes before the balloting was suspended and then-Vice President Walter Mondale was renominated by acclamation .	Sing
Boozer died of an AIDS-related illness in March 1987 at the age of 41 in Washington , D.C .	Sing
Micheaux remade the film in 1932 under the title " Veiled Aristocrats " .	Sing
Chesnutt was of mixed race and predominately European ancestry , with a portion of African .	Sing
Advertising included statements such as , " An Amazing Parallel to the Famous Rhinelander Case !	Sing
Micheaux agreed to make some cuts in the film , while remarking that no other state or censorship board had objected or required changes .	Sing
" Morningside , King of the Bootleggers " , starring Bruno Gerussi and Barbara Budd , the story of Rocco Perri , co-authored with Robin Rowland	Sing
Aerodynamics is the science of the motion of air .	Plur
Aerodynamic may also refer to :	Sing
Cockrell helped the players with their coursework and exams .	Sing
Cockrell , who had been involved in violations at another school , received a 10-year show-cause order .	Sing
Salvia algeriensis is an annual " Salvia " native to northeast Morocco and northwest Algeria , found growing at up to elevation .	Sing
Maxi Priest recorded it on his album " Maxi " in 1987 .	Sing
Stringfellow experimented with a records-only night on Tuesdays , then an original concept .	Sing
SYL has branches across Scotland including various Universities , and seeks to promote the work and campaigning of the party and LYS .	Sing
SYL also serves as an advisory body to the Scottish Liberal Democrats on a number of issues .	Sing
The SLC failed to pay thousands of students , leaving University hardship funds depleted , and many students having no money to fund their studies .	Sing
Benny Dees ( born December 29 , 1936 ) is an American retired college basketball coach .	Plur
Additionally , Dees served as assistant coach at Georgia Tech , Alabama , and Western Kentucky .	Sing
Upon retirement , Dees returned to his native Georgia , where he coached high school basketball .	Sing
An offshoot , the Gowanda Press , launched in August 2016 .	Sing
Chinn made his film début in the United Kingdom in 1957 .	Sing
Chinn also worked in theatre and appeared in TV advertisements for brands such as McEwan 's beer .	Sing
Low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion ( LSIL or LGSIL ) indicates possible cervical dysplasia .	Sing
CIN 1 is the most common and most benign form of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia and usually resolves spontaneously within two years .	Sing
High-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion ( HSIL or HGSIL ) indicates moderate or severe cervical intraepithelial neoplasia or carcinoma in situ .	Sing
AGC , formerly AGUS , is an acronym for " atypical glandular cells of undetermined significance " .	Sing
Wolde Selassie , the second son of Dejazmach Kefla Yessous was a young man .	Sing
Wolde Selassie , after effectively clearing the way for the highest office for himself , headed back to Gondar and placed his claim to the throne .	Sing
Wolde Selassie made his seat of government in Chalacot , but maintained his capital at Hintalo in Enderta Province .	Sing
Wolde Selassie was eventually the victor , and practically ruled the whole country as " Enderase " till his death in 1816 .	Sing
Wolde Selassie , a conservative Christian who greatly valued Ethiopia 's monarchical traditions , hated the Yeju parvenus .	Sing
The Great Ras Wolde Selassie died at an advanced age in 1816 at his residence in Antalo , Enderta due to natural causes .	Sing
Yohannes was an uncompromising patriot , a staunch supporter of the church and a strong opponent of Christian missionaries .	Sing
However , Yohannes soon realized that the Europeans would not stop the Khedive of Egypt .	Sing
Yohannes mauled the invaders at the three-day battle of Gura , b / n 7 and 9 March 1876 .	Plur
Yohannes also had in his court a Greek doctor , Nicholas Parisis .	Sing
Their proclamation after liberating Mekelle had five main points .	Sing
Haile Selassie had ordered his minister of war Ras Abebe Aregai , to take charge of the campaign against the rebels .	Sing
Enderta 's historical woredas / districts and zone ( Denkel ) with their respective administrative centers include the following :	Plur
The roadbed remains intact , though largely overgrown with weeds and trees .	Sing
Alabama Saints and South Florida Future went on hiatus for this season .	Sing
Okanagan Valley Challenge and Victoria Umbro Select returned to the PCSL , ending their associate membership .	Sing
Abbotsford Athletes In Action and Seattle Hibernian retained their membership .	Sing
Salvia axillaris is a perennial native to central Mexico from San Luis Potosí to Oaxaca .	Sing
At Nigeria 's 58th independence anniversary , Pastor Tunde Bakare said that she will be running for the office of the president .	Sing
Tol is the largest and most populous island in the Faichuk group of islands in Chuuk State , Federated States of Micronesia .	Sing
Shimabara Lullaby ( or Shimabara no komoriuta ) is a folk song-like lullaby by Kohei Miyazaki of Shimabara , Nagasaki Prefecture , Japan .	Sing
Avetisyan ( ) is an Armenian surname .	Sing
Hern was a student at the Institute for Social Ecology in Plainfield , Vermont where he completed an MA , and shortly after became a faculty member .	Sing
Hern holds a PhD in Urban Studies from the Union Institute & University , completed in 1997 .	Sing
Running parallel to his scholarship and writing , Hern has founded and directed a number of community institutions .	Sing
Hern acted as mentor , fundraiser , friend and organizer who worked closely with the collective .	Sing
Hern has also founded a number of other community projects and initiatives , the best-known of which is Car-Free Day Vancouver .	Sing
In 2005 , Hern co-founded the Commercial Drive Car-Free Festival .	Sing
If the chemicals are right , courtship may commence and , if courtship goes well , copulation will ensue .	Sing
However , an embargo on exports of pulpwood would also benefit Barnjum 's business interests .	Sing
During the performance , Benji Schwimmer and Tori Smith danced along .	Sing
After the folding of the CGS Alex Conroy announced that Jax Money Crew would be returning .	Sing
Aechmea maculata is an evergreen plant species in the family Bromeliaceae and the genus " Aechmea " .	Sing
The hydrophobicity of mycolic acids is a barrier to drug entry .	Sing
Additionally , the mycolyl arabinogalactan peptidoglycan is responsible for aspects of disease pathogenesis and much of the antibody response in infections .	Sing
The mycolyl substituents are selectively and equally distributed on the 5-hydroxyl functions of terminal- and the penultimate 2-linked Ara " f " residues .	Plur
Fogerty serves the " purpose of extricating the girls when necessary " from plot difficulties .	Sing
Páez began playing the guitar as a youth .	Sing
Páez currently lives in Guatemala City , where he continues his musical career .	Sing
Riverbend Apartments was an infamous 600-unit apartment complex located in suburban Atlanta , Georgia , off Interstate 285 .	Sing
Guevara retired early as a player to become a manager in 1987 .	Sing
Keenan donated the land both for the church and for its graveyard .	Sing
After about 1904 , Ladd ’ s other responsibilities took time away from her photography .	Sing
In spite of these additional obligations , Ladd exhibited fourteen photographs at the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition in San Francisco .	Sing
Ladd became prominent in the Christian Science movement from 1911 .	Sing
Ladd died in Carmel on March 30 , 1927 .	Sing
In 1825 German botanist Curt Polycarp Joachim Sprengel moved it to the genus " Oenocarpus " and renamed it " O. regius " .	Sing
On that basis , Zona proposed that the name " Roystonea regia " should be conserved .	Sing
Seed germination is adjacent ligular — during germination , as the cotyledon expands it only pushes a portion of the embryo out of the seed .	Sing
As a result , the seedling develops adjacent to the seed .	Sing
The embryo forms a ligule , and the plumule protrudes from this .	Sing
" Roystonea regia " plays an important role in popular religion in Cuba .	Sing
In Roman Catholicism , " R. regia " plays an important role in Palm Sunday observances .	Sing
The commercialization of Christmas is visible here in a way it might not be , otherwise .	Sing
AES Hawaii burns approximately 650,000 tons of subbituminous coal each year .	Sing
Sayed Mohammad Ali Jawid ( ; born c.1951 ) is the leader of Islamic Movement of Afghanistan and an adviser to the president of Afghanistan .	Sing
Wild Food Documentary is a documentary television series hosted by Ray Mears .	Sing
Maryvale is a comprehensive high school known for maintaining the best attendance and graduation rate ( 91.4 % ) in the district .	Sing
Maryvale is a " Performing " school , according to the Arizona Department of Education .	Sing
Shibu Mitra is a veteran Indian film director and producer .	Sing
After graduating from FTII Pune , Shibu assisted Industry veteran Basu Chatterjee .	Sing
After completing his university studies , Williamson became a schoolteacher , first at Turakina School ( 1874 – 1881 ) and then at Patea .	Sing
Williamson died at his son 's residence in Puketaha , near Hamilton , on 2 August 1928 .	Sing
At the beginning of 1796 the 83rd was part of André Mouret 's 1st Division of the Coast in the " Army of Italy " .	Sing
The 57th also participated in the spring campaign in Carinthia including the Battle of Valvasone on 16 March 1797 .	Sing
In mid-September that year , the 36th was part of Jean-de-Dieu Soult 's division in André Masséna 's army in Switzerland .	Sing
The 87th alone lost 198 casualties .	Sing
Sfântu Gheorghe means " Saint George " in the Romanian language .	Sing
The Main Drag is an indie pop / indie rock band local to Boston , Massachusetts .	Sing
Boch , Carter , and Drake are also members of the post-punk band Blanks ..	Sing
The Main Drag originally began as a collaboration between Arrigo and Levitt in early 2003 .	Sing
With the help of local musicians and producers , Arrigo was able to begin recording and producing what would become the band 's first album .	Sing
Arrigo went on to meet the members of post-punk band Blanks .	Sing
Arrigo helped produce the Blanks .	Sing
Levitt departed from being a full-time member of the band after the release of Yours As Fast As Mine .	Sing
Boch has recently mentioned in an interview that there are plans for RPL Audio to release a 7 " split featuring The Main Drag and Spirit Kid .	Sing
Kirkwood is a historic plantation house in Eutaw , Alabama .	Sing
The Immunological Hypothesis proposes that the divergence of certain protein structures associated with mother and child causes hybrid inviability .	Sing
In the 1930s , Handley acted in a number of theatrical productions , on and off Broadway .	Sing
Handley died of a heart attack at the age of 77 .	Sing
Schulze , with its signature Butternut Bread , eventually became Interstate Bakeries Corporation / Hostess Brands .	Sing
Schulze and Western continued to maintain their own separate companies under the Interstate umbrella until 1937 when Schulze formally became Interstate .	Sing
Winchester only chambered the model 1910 in the .401 Winchester Self-Loading or .401 WSL cartridge .	Sing
The 24th ranked Georgia Bulldogs won the game , 37-14 .	Sing
On January 16 , 2009 , Vice-Minister of Transport Andrey Nedosekov confirmed that proposals are now under consideration in regards to the Sakhalin – Hokkaido Tunnel .	Sing
My neck is not your whetstone . "	Sing
Instead , Gao executed Li under the rationale that Li had brought disgrace to the imperial forces by his defeat .	Sing
With Lutou Pass out of the way , Gao headed straight for Xichuan 's headquarters at Chengdu , and Liu 's defenses completely collapsed .	Sing
Gao had Liu delivered to Chang 'an .	Sing
There is also an organ loft built onto the north side of the chancel .	Sing
Benítez started his career in Paraguayan club Libertad in 2005 , moving on to play for other clubs such as Olimpia and 3 de Febrero .	Sing
Yale won 3-0 , Tommy Sherman scoring the first goal and Lew Irwin the other two .	Sing
Since then , Takeshi Tsuruno and Yusuke Kamiji have pursued solo musical careers , while Naoki Nokubo has returned to drama acting .	Sing
Today Clan Blackadder does not have a chief recognised by the Lord Lyon King of Arms , therefore the clan has no standing under Scots Law .	Sing
In September 2009 , the Nam DMC launched its campaign for the 2009 elections .	Sing
On the second side was the Cathedral Nave with first services held Christmas Day of 1920 .	Sing
The Cathedral Organ , built by the Schantz Organ Company of Orville , Ohio , is a four manual 71-rank pipe organ .	Sing
Tolle attended Los Angeles Baptist High School where he served as the school ’ s ASB Spiritual Life Chairman his Senior Year .	Sing
In 2010 the FARC killed at least 460 members of the security forces , while wounding more than 2,000 , according to state statistics .	Sing
Lopo Vaz de Sampaio was the 6th Governor of Portuguese India from 1526 to 1529 .	Sing
Pardes Hanna Agricultural High School ( ) established in 1935 by the Palestine Farmers Association , is one of the oldest agricultural high schools in Israel .	Sing
Kaneko died in prison on July 23 , 1926 , reportedly by suicide .	Sing
Kinch turned pro in 2001 with the Charlotte Checkers of the ECHL .	Sing
The Eitan was publicly unveiled at a media event at Tel Nof Airbase on 8 October 2007 .	Sing
" 4-D " is the fourth episode of the ninth season and the 186th episode overall of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .	Sing
Maeda thought the ailment was interesting , and initially wanted to give it to a guest character for this purpose .	Sing
Maeda employed the theory of parallel universes in order to explain the logistics of the episode .	Sing
" 4-D " first aired in the United States on December 9 , 2001 .	Sing
" 4-D " was the 62nd most watched episode of television that aired during the week ending December 9 .	Sing
" 4-D " received mixed to positive reviews from critics .	Sing
Shearman and Pearson concluded that the episode " earns its stripes by at last restoring to the series a pulse . "	Sing
Handlen was particularly critical of the editing , structure , and sense of urgency .	Sing
After this date , Bandra acquired the rest of the churches in the Bandra Deanery .	Sing
Kolis were originally part of the Church of St Anne , but according to a 1669 Jesuit letter , the parish grew too large and unwieldy .	Plur
The Graveyard of St. Andrew ’ s which covers a very large area , was initially meant for the parishioners of St. Andrew ’ s .	Sing
The Skyrunner Booster is a Russian paramotor that was designed and produced by Skyrunner Paramotor Laboratory of Pskov for powered paragliding .	Sing
William Wyndham 's gravesite is a heritage-listed lone grave at Boyne Island , Gladstone Region , Queensland , Australia .	Sing
Hedley wrote confidently on a range of topics including botany , ethnology , and conchology .	Plur
The culmination of his career was his appointment as Scientific Director of the Great Barrier Reef Committee .	Sing
Yee Fu is one of the 19 constituencies in the Tai Po District .	Sing
Chromodoris nona is a species of colourful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae .	Sing
Ba Maw became Head of State and leader of the renamed party .	Sing
Riddick recruited Becky Lenzini from Faxon to work with him to market the concept of NASIG .	Sing
MacLennan worked at the University of Vermont , which had hosted the listserv for over twenty years .	Sing
Franck Héry ( 26 April 1993 ) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for Les Herbiers VF .	Sing
Whiley is a general purpose multi-paradigm , compiled language developed by David Pearce .	Sing
Thus , an unconstrained integer in Whiley can take on any possible integer value , subject to the memory constraints of the host environment .	Sing
Flow typing is similar to " occurrence typing " as found in Racket .	Sing
Whiley is also unusual in employing a structural rather than nominal type system .	Sing
Whiley also supports " reference lifetimes " which are similar to those found in Rust .	Sing
type nat is ( int x ) where x > = 0	Sing
The loop invariant does not affect the meaning of the program and , in some sense , might be considered as unnecessary .	Sing
Whiley began in 2009 with the first public release , codice _ 40 following in June 2010 and codice _ 41 in September that year .	Plur
A small , single-room , rectangular , gable-roofed annexe extends from the centre of the east verandah .	Sing
Dei Segni , still a cardinal , began writing " De Miseria Condicionis Humane " sometime between late December 1194 and early April 1195 .	Sing
Trichuris discolor , commonly known as a whipworm , is a nematode belonging to the " Trichuris " genus .	Sing
Despite inhabiting the same hosts , " T. discolor " and " T. ovis " are distinct species .	Sing
Cihat Arslan ( born 9 February 1970 ) is a Turkish former footballer and currently a football manager .	Sing
The entirety , which includes large stretches of bare asphalt and random structures , does not necessarily present a pleasing aspect or sense of unified design .	Sing
Innocence is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by Edward J .	Sing
Mooney approaches Selina and states that it will be a " new day " .	Sing
Cobblepot and Butch Gilzean arrive at the hospital , intending to kill Falcone .	Sing
Mooney is even more furious after noticing Butch 's brainwashing treatment delivered by Victor Zsasz and Cobblepot .	Sing
Mooney makes a trade with Maroni : in exchange for Falcone 's head , Maroni will return Mooney 's territories .	Sing
Mooney also plans on killing Cobblepot for brainwashing Butch but spares Bullock 's life .	Sing
However , during the meeting with Maroni , Maroni makes sexist comments about Mooney , which causes her to shoot him in the head .	Sing
On the rooftop of the warehouse , Mooney and Cobblepot engage in a violent fight .	Sing
Mooney forgives Butch for shooting her but Cobblepot insults Butch .	Sing
A shocked Butch watches in horror as Cobblepot climbs to the edge of the rooftop and shouts : " I am the king of Gotham !	Sing
To say ' All Happy Families Are Alike ' is a letdown would be to expect too much from this finale to begin with .	Sing
Each bastion had a guerite on its salient , but these were demolished in the 1970s .	Sing
The BLM also oversees a rockhounding area at Hampton Buttes that is known for its petrified wood .	Sing
in Genoa , which he had founded , and by the Società per la Trazione Elettrica in Milano , which produced " Frigerio " branded cars .	Sing
On 1 October 2015 the Landtag voted by 19 – 6 to amend the Health Insurance Act with the aim of lowering costs .	Sing
Scheckter managed another fastest lap at the Japanese Grand Prix in WR3 and one pole position with WR2 at Hockenheim .	Sing
Scheckter scored one more podium finish in WR1 at the 1978 Monaco Grand Prix .	Sing
Dipak is a given name .	Sing
O 'Conner started his baseball career working as administrative assistant for the Vero Beach Dodgers of the Florida State League in 1981 .	Sing
During his career , O 'Conner has received numerous recognitions for his dedication to baseball .	Sing
As a result , in 2004 , O 'Conner made the announcement of his gift to create the J. Patrick O 'Conner Sports Administration Scholarship .	Sing
However , by 1900 the cattle tick was decimating the local grazing industry , affecting meatworks production and cattle shipments .	Sing
Behind the parapet is a hipped roof clad in corrugated iron .	Sing
The entrance vestibule has silky oak panelling to door head height , silky oak doors and fanlights all with the radiating glazing bars .	Sing
Zimmermann started his manager career at Brasil de Pelotas in 2004 .	Sing
Her singing Vines , typically six second covers of popular songs , helped grow her a following .	Sing
The 2016 – 17 DFB-Pokal was the 74th season of the annual German football cup competition .	Sing
Borussia Dortmund defeated Eintracht Frankfurt 2 – 1 in the final to claim their fourth title .	Sing
The DFB-Pokal began with a round of 64 teams .	Sing
A coin toss decided who takes the first penalty .	Sing
A single-story gabled ell extends to the rear .	Sing
The understorey is hazel and hawthorn , with bluebells , yellow archangel and woodruff .	Sing
Beathard attended Battle Ground Academy in Franklin , Tennessee .	Sing
Beathard redshirted during his freshman year at Iowa .	Sing
In the 2013 season , Beathard appeared in a limited role in five games for the Hawkeyes .	Sing
Overall , in the 2013 season , Beathard had 179 passing yards , one touchdown , two interceptions , 49 rushing yards , and two rushing touchdowns .	Sing
Beathard continued his role as a backup in the 2014 season .	Sing
While Pitt had been dominant throughout much of the first half , the team gained a new energy in the second half with Beathard under center .	Sing
Beathard would take the Hawkeyes to a 24 – 20 victory .	Sing
Beathard started the following game against Purdue , where Iowa won 24 – 10 .	Sing
Beathard was able to rally the Hawkeyes from a 35 – 7 first-half deficit , though they were not able to win the game .	Sing
Beathard passed for 216 yards , one touchdown , and one interception in the loss .	Sing
In the Rose Bowl against Stanford , Beathard passed for 239 yards , two touchdowns , and one interception in the 45 – 16 loss .	Sing
In his final season with the Hawkeyes , Beathard helped lead the team to an 8 – 4 record in the regular season .	Sing
Overall , in the 2016 season , Beathard had 1,929 passing yards , 17 touchdowns , and 10 interceptions .	Sing
Beathard received an invitation to play in the 2017 Senior Bowl .	Sing
On June 12 , 2017 , Beathard signed his rookie contract , a four-year , $ 3.52 million with a signing bonus of $ 706,288 .	Sing
On October 15 , 2017 , Beathard made his professional regular season debut against the Washington Redskins , replacing Hoyer in the second quarter .	Sing
In Week 7 , in a 40 – 10 loss to the Dallas Cowboys , Beathard was 22-of-38 for 235 yards .	Sing
In the 31 – 21 victory , Beathard completed 19 of 25 passes for 288 yards , two touchdowns , and an interception .	Sing
In 2018 , the plan was for Beathard to be the backup to Garoppolo .	Sing
After playing in Week 8 against the Arizona Cardinals , Beathard suffered a wrist injury .	Sing
Beathard did not appear in any other games in the 2018 season .	Sing
Sega liked the focus on the 16-bit console , approved the project , and offered access to their developers and archives in Japan .	Sing
Paz turned his journal into a book called " Viento Entero . "	Sing
Gainey died at Heidelberg in 1975 .	Sing
4 all-purpose running back in the nation by 247Sports.com .	Sing
His video collage deliberately exposes the joins , in order to reveal the hidden scars within the landscape , often manifest within architecture .	Sing
Nachman performed with his family regularly from a young age .	Sing
This immune checkpoint is also active in pregnancy , following tissue allografts , and in different types of cancer .	Sing
Daniel 's godmother was an unmarried sister of his father .	Sing
In the postseason Supra faced Vaughan Sun Devils , but were defeated in overtime in a 4 – 3 loss .	Sing
Mutton died in Melbourne in 1989 .	Sing
On August 19 , 2015 Follow eSports announced it had acquired the roster of SapphireKelownaDotCom .	Plur
Follow eSports dropped SapphireKelownaDotCom and picked up the roster of ex-eLevate on October 25 , 2015 .	Plur
Jacklin died at his home in Plover , Wisconsin .	Sing
Buhler applied the theory of deixis to narratives .	Sing
Hamburger argued that this transfer occurs due to the use of deictic adverbs , and psychological verbs .	Sing
Hong Kong Indigenous states that it opposes the increased influence of mainland China and the Beijing government 's involvement in Hong Kong .	Sing
Enid Balint or Enid Flora Balint-Edmonds ( 1 December 1903 – 19 July 1994 ) was a British psychoanalyst and welfare worker .	Sing
Albu took a degree in Economics at the London School of Economics , graduating in 1925 .	Sing
Enid was in charge of the training and research course for general practitioners at the Tavistock Clinic until 1965 .	Sing
" Where the Dead Men Lie , and Other Poems	Sing
Where the Dead Men Lie , and Other Poems ( 1897 ) is the first and only collection of poems by Australian poet Barcroft Boake .	Sing
Vibert Durdy Butts was a Guyanese soccer player best known for scoring Guyana 's first-ever World Cup goal , during a 1976 match against Suriname .	Sing
In the same year , Desi started close cooperation with Romanian team , which resulted in her single " I like " .	Sing
Desi Slava enters the house of Big Brother All Stars and comes out the winner .	Sing
At the end of the year , Desi Slava presented the ballad " И това ще преживея " ( And I 'll Survive ) .	Sing
Faubourg Hurstville was the first faubourg of what is now Uptown New Orleans , created in 1833 by Cornelius Hurst , a wealthy businessman .	Sing
Rath Meave is a henge located near the Hill of Tara in County Meath , Ireland .	Sing
Despite its antiquity , Rath Meave remains farmland in private ownership .	Sing
Chrissie Rucker OBE ( born 1968 ) is a British businesswoman , best known for founding British retailer The White Company in 1994 .	Sing
Rucker is also a founding patron of the not-for-profit social enterprise , Modern Muse .	Sing
Alpheus Baker Hervey was the chairman of the first congress .	Sing
The AMS Microscopy Training Fellowship funds are for support of graduate students and faculty members at the beginning of their careers .	Sing
Amsterdam is an unincorporated community in Licking County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .	Sing
Amsterdam had its start when the National Road was extended to that point .	Sing
Jean-Baptiste De Coster or Jean-Baptiste Decoster may refer to :	Sing
At Parsons ' insistence , Satterlee illustrated both this book and its sequel , " How to Know the Ferns " ( 1899 ) .	Sing
Satterlee also provided a description of the " Woodwardia " ferns .	Sing
Manon Houette ( born 2 July 1992 ) is a French handball player for Metz Handball and the French national team .	Sing
Galavan initially declines , stating that his associates " have both hands " .	Sing
Tabitha agrees to let him join them but Barbara is skeptical , citing when Butch kidnapped her .	Sing
Finally , Galavan lets Butch be part of his operation .	Sing
Bridgit is having a rough time after having killed the police officer .	Sing
Bridgit returns to the slave-ring where she burns the captors and frees the women .	Sing
In an attempt to co-opt Bruce , Galavan proposes to help clean up the corruption in Wayne Enterprises .	Sing
An effigy of her second husband , and perhaps Maria herself , lies in Dunblane Cathedral .	Sing
Béatrice Edwige ( born 3 October 1988 ) is a French handball player for Metz Handball and the French national team .	Sing
The Whip is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Charles Brabin and starring Dorothy Mackaill .	Sing
The 2007 Magyar Kupa , known as ( for sponsorship reasons ) , is the 81st edition of the tournament .	Sing
" Origins of the Modern Mind " proposes a three-stage development of human symbolic capacity through culture :	Plur
The following year , Magnús died without a legitimate heir , and his island realm was annexed by Alexander .	Sing
Józef Wegrzyn ( 1884 – 1952 ) was a Polish film actor .	Sing
Jean-Baptiste Darlan ( 10 June 1848 – 8 December 1912 ) was a French politician who was Minister of Justice in 1896 – 97 .	Sing
Darlan studied at the " lycée " in Bordeaux , then obtained his law degree at the faculty of Paris .	Sing
Darlan sold his practice as a notary and set up as an attorney in Nérac .	Sing
In 1878 Darlan joined the Association from Propagation of Republican Ideas , and became a freemason .	Sing
Darlan was opposed to reviewing the trial of 1894 .	Sing
Darlan said he could not support a premature investigation .	Sing
The KP – GPSZ contested the 1994 parliamentary election with 13 individual candidates and four regional county lists , failing to win a seat .	Sing
Wartenberg passed her theological examination for the Lutheran Evangelical Church in Württemberg .	Sing
Cody Carlson , the Baylor quarterback , tossed scoring passes of 5 and 15 yards to lead the Bears to a 21 – 7 win .	Sing
The crypt has a tomb of the locally revered , but not beatified , 13th-century mystic and poet Jacopone da Todi .	Sing
A perfect detector would have formula _ 31 .	Sing
To placate the stations ' concerns and avoid termination , Downey suspended sale of the H.M .	Plur
Later Ragsdale would follow his father 's footsteps as a horse trainer .	Sing
Candle replaced Matt Campbell , who accepted a new head coaching job at Iowa State .	Sing
Fredonia is an unincorporated community in Licking County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .	Sing
Tanda is a town in eastern Ivory Coast .	Sing
Tanda is also a commune .	Sing
At the 1974 Dutch Grand Prix , Beltoise tried both P201 chassis and raced the newer one .	Sing
Beltoise qualified 16th and retired on lap 19 , also with a gearbox problem .	Sing
Beltoise used P201 / 03 and Migault P201 / 02 .	Plur
Beltoise and Migault both retired after one lap with electrical and gearbox failure respectively .	Sing
Amon drove P201 / 04 , qualifying 25th and Beltoise " 03 " , qualifying 17th .	Sing
Amon finished 17th , but was 10 laps behind and Beltoise 18th , 20 laps behind .	Sing
At the end of the season , Beltoise retired from F1 and Pescarolo left the team .	Sing
Nanne Bergstrand made his third season as manager .	Sing
Eventually Hammarby lost in the semi final against BK Häcken , finishing joint third in the tournament .	Sing
However , on match day 26 , Hammarby managed to beat local rivals Djurgården in a spectacular derby fixture .	Sing
" Saffron , for example , was once less regarded than it is today because the crocus from which it is extracted was not particularly mysterious .	Sing
However , isotopic resetting or alteration , resulting from elevated temperature , can provide a different type of information about past climates .	Sing
Lockport is a ghost town in Licking County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .	Sing
The Wolfpack forced a punt and kicked another field goal — this one a 37-yarder — to go up , 6 – 0 .	Sing
However , Nevada went three-and-out and CSU got the ball back with very good field position at the 39-yard line .	Sing
CSU kicked a field goal right before halftime to make it 19 – 13 Nevada at the break .	Sing
Nevada scored early in the third quarter on a field goal to make it 22 – 13 .	Sing
CSU was not out of it yet , as they went on a 12-play 75-yard drive that culminated in a 9-yard touchdown by Jamsen Odon .	Sing
At the end of three quarters , Nevada led , 22 – 20 .	Sing
Nevada then put together a very dramatic late-game drive that ended up with Butler scoring on a 4-yard touchdown run .	Sing
Denard , upset from the beating at the party , decides to challenge Quinn to a fight .	Sing
However , knowing that Quinn cannot fight as a professional , Denard makes the challenge for $ 100,000 .	Sing
Luray is an unincorporated community in Licking County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .	Sing
The ant is a medium-sized species , measuring .	Sing
The scapes of the antennae surpass the occipital margin , and the second segment of the funiculus is longer than the first .	Plur
The ant has pubescence ( soft short hair ) abundant throughout some certain parts of the body , including the funiculi and tarsi .	Sing
The antennal scapes are reddish brown and the abdomen is piceous brown .	Plur
The node is evenly round and oval shaped , the postpetiole is narrow at the front and the dorsum is feebly convex .	Sing
The gaster is large and oval shaped .	Sing
Stromberg also produced the film and released it through Chadwick Pictures .	Sing
New Winchester is a ghost town in Licking County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .	Sing
Three dimensional medical visualization is the technical process that provide the digital environment for exploration of the 3D body and conducting the digital autopsy .	Sing
Radiologists may call it Post-mortem Computed Tomography ( PMCT ) that does not provide colourful 3D views .	Plur
Pathologists ( Forensic pathologists ) know this procedure as Digital Autopsy .	Plur
Digital Autopsy would be a technical solution for above mentioned problems .	Sing
Oberlin is a ghost town in Licking County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .	Sing
Skipwith was the son of Sir Thomas Skipwith , 1st Baronet and his wife Elizabeth Lathom daughter of Ralph Lathom of Upminster , Essex .	Sing
Skipwith left substantial sums to his housekeeper , Susanna Gurney , and her daughter , Charlotte .	Sing
Kristoff , however , had to pull out of the race due to a fever that started after E3 Harelbeke two days earlier .	Sing
Trek – Segafredo controlled the peloton over the Baneberg and the first climb of the Kemmelberg .	Sing
On the second climb of the Kemmelberg , from the difficult side , Cancellara attacked and was followed by Vanmarcke and Sagan .	Sing
The peloton finished eleven seconds behind , with Démare winning the sprint for fifth place .	Sing
Sep Vanmarcke tweeted " Suddenly a 2nd place no longer important after this terrible news . "	Sing
Wagram is an unincorporated community in Licking County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .	Sing
The Struggle Everlasting is a 1918 American silent allegorical drama film directed by James Kirkwood , Sr. and starring stage star Florence Reed .	Sing
Like many American films of the time , " The Struggle Everlasting " was subject to restrictions and cuts by city and state film censorship boards .	Sing
Hirsh wrote a well-known audiology textbook , " The Measurement of Hearing " ( 1952 ) , and was widely published in professional journals .	Sing
Hirsh died in 2010 in a convalescent center in Durham , North Carolina .	Sing
However , the WTA amended their Age Eligibility Rule in order to allow Viele to play at age 14 in 1999 .	Sing
Franke was FIM World Trials Champion in 1965 and 1966 when the Championship was known by its original title of the Challenge Henry Groutars .	Sing
Franke was the top trials rider in Germany throughout most of the 1960s .	Sing
Franke competed in the inaugural Challenge Henry Groutars Championship in 1964 finishing runner up to British Greeves rider Don Smith .	Sing
Franke had won the opening round in Belgium but the French and German rounds went Smith , and with them the title .	Sing
On the national scene Franke was once again German Trials Champion .	Sing
In 1965 Franke won the championship ahead of fellow Zündapp rider Andreas Brandl .	Sing
Irishman Sammy Miller took his Bultaco to victory with Franke finishing a strong second place .	Sing
Franke competed in the European championships until his final international year in 1971 .	Sing
In 1960 , Schober sold the station , and it became XEOW-AM , broadcasting on 970 kHz .	Sing
By September 1933 , Chappie Willet assumed leadership of the band , and subsequently it relocated the Philadelphia .	Sing
The 1966 – 67 Regionalliga was the fourth season of the Regionalliga , the second tier of the German football league system .	Sing
Myke Hurley is a British professional podcaster residing in London .	Sing
In 2008 , Super Mil sold it to ABC Radio .	Sing
Five Gallants may refer to :	Plur
The female condom is an over the counter contraceptive , which has been FDA approved for over 20 years .	Sing
The female condom gives females an option in choosing the best contraceptive , while remaining sexually active .	Sing
The female condom contains just as high of a success rate as the male condom .	Sing
Souleymane Coulibaly ( born 8 August 1996 ) is a Malian professional footballer , who last played as a defender for Aiginiakos .	Sing
Laxman Shrawan Bhatkar ( b 1901 Thugaon Amravati district - d 1970 ) was a politician and social worker from Central Provinces and Berar of British India .	Sing
After finishing their season 6 – 6 , Holtzman extended an invitation for the Hoosiers to play in the game , which they accepted as well .	Sing
Powell 's heavy drinking may have been a factor in their parting of the sheets .	Sing
Glengarry Homestead is a heritage-listed homestead at Gladstone-Monto Road , Boynedale , Gladstone Region , Queensland , Australia .	Sing
The leading pioneer pastoralist in the Boyne Valley was William Henry Walsh who arrived in 1853 and held several huge runs which comprised most of the Valley .	Sing
There is a modern annexe at the eastern end of the building .	Sing
Glengarry is the earliest homestead on its original site in the area as several earlier homesteads have been destroyed or removed .	Sing
The homestead is important for its association with the life and work of the Dickenson family , early settlers in this area .	Sing
Ryota Inoue joined J2 League club Gainare Tottori in 2013 .	Sing
By the turn of the century the ubiquitous cattle tick was decimating the local grazing industry , affecting meatworks production and cattle shipments .	Sing
The original safe is at the rear of the chamber and is intact with its patent fireproof door and domed concrete ceiling .	Sing
Cullen was an articled pupil of Hennessy , Hennessy and Co in Brisbane and Sydney 1928-1933 .	Sing
There is a large sacristy to each side of the sanctuary .	Sing
In 1879 Orbeliani became a founding member of the Society for the Promotion of Literacy among Georgians .	Sing
Additionally , Orbeliani raised money to open the first Georgian Women 's School in the country and was part of the Tbilisi Childcare Society .	Sing
Orbeliani was an active participant in the movement to establish the Tbilisi State University ( TSU ) in 1918 .	Sing
McDill was a member of the Assembly during the 1867 , 1871 , 1879 and 1880 sessions .	Sing
Khoon Aur Paani ( ) is a 1981 Bollywood action film , produced by A.A. Nadiadwala under the A.G.Films Pvt .	Sing
Lakshman also gets separated from his mother and is found near a river bank by Police Commissioner Bhalla ( Om Shivpuri ) , who adopts him .	Sing
The USCGC " Triumph " ( CG 52301 ) was a motor lifeboat operated by the United States Coast Guard .	Sing
The " Triumph " , and her sister , the USCGC " Invicible " , were the only vessels in their class .	Sing
Roza Vidyadhar Deshpande ( b 1929 ) is an Indian politician of the United Communist Party of India .	Sing
Rahne planned to add a touch of " flair " to the offense , but generally stick to the gameplan used during the season .	Sing
After exchanging punts , UGA took over inside their own five yard-line .	Sing
Richt went immediately to Miami , Pruitt left for Alabama and began preparing for their post season .	Sing
Kirby Smart paradoxically stayed at Alabama through their post season and did not officially begin his duties at UGA until after those commenced .	Sing
Garett Grist ( born April 9 , 1995 in Grimsby , Ontario , Canada ) is a racing driver .	Sing
Grist made his professional debut in the 2013 U.S. F2000 National Championship from Andretti Autosport .	Sing
Grist made his Indy Lights debut at Road America	Sing
By the 1920s , the PCD was one of the largest co-operative dairy companies in Queensland .	Sing
In the same year the PCD erected its own cold stores at Gladstone , with storage capacity for of butter .	Sing
The amalgamation was conditional on the PCD erecting a dairy factory at Rockhampton , which commenced operation in January 1928 .	Sing
Dairying proved to be the economic mainstay of many Queensland farming communities , including those of central Queensland , during the depression years of the early 1930s .	Sing
The PCD continued to expand its activities in central Queensland in the second half of the 1930s .	Sing
In November 1938 the PCD installed a plant at the Gladstone factory for the re-tinning of cream cans , which proved popular with farmers .	Sing
In this period the PCD also acquired a half interest in Central Queensland Co-operative Stock Feeds .	Sing
Woodstock is a small settlement in the Tasman District of the northern South Island of New Zealand .	Sing
" Evolution Beatport Show with Pete Tong	Sing
Kaviraj also conceived the film 's story based on an incident from his family .	Sing
Kaviraj revealed that Anant Nag , Achyuth Kumar would appear in supporting roles .	Sing
Kaviraj penned lyrics for the soundtrack .	Sing
The German Jesuit Robert Leiber acted as intermediary between Pius XII and the German Resistance .	Sing
Hitler 's chosen deputy and private secretary from 1941 , Martin Bormann , said publicly in 1941 that " National Socialism and Christianity are irreconcilable . "	Sing
In 1937 , Himmler wrote : " We live in an era of the ultimate conflict with Christianity .	Sing
The Blessed Rupert Mayer , a Bavarian Jesuit and World War I army chaplain , had clashed with the National Socialists as early as 1923 .	Sing
Lieber was under the surveillance of the Gestapo .	Sing
Caselli died in La Spezia , on 19 December 1976 , aged 83 .	Sing
The 1965 – 66 Regionalliga was the third season of the Regionalliga , the second tier of the German football league system .	Sing
Data warehouse automation ( DWA ) refers to the process of accelerating and automating the data warehouse development cycles , while assuring quality and consistency .	Sing
Data warehouse automation works on the principles of design patterns .	Sing
Horst Klinkmann ( born 7 May 1935 ) is a German professor for Internal medicine and Nephrology ( kidney related medicine ) .	Sing
His habilitation followed in 1969 .	Sing
Horst Klinkmann met his future wife , Hannelore Kruse , when they were both medical students at Rostock .	Sing
Oleh Synytsya ( ; born 20 March 1996 in Kharkiv , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Metalist 1925 Kharkiv .	Sing
Free-styled mountain polo is arguably polo in its purest form .	Sing
Polo is an equestrian sport with its origin embedded in Central Asia dating back to the 6th century BC .	Sing
At the top of the hill , there is an ashram of Jamadagni , the father of Parashurama .	Sing
Brocklehurst offered to contribute to the expedition funds .	Sing
Brocklehurst suffered from frostbitten feet , and was unable to complete the climb ; the others reached the summit on 10 March .	Sing
Afterwards , a big toe had to be amputated because of frostbite .	Sing
On 9 July 1913 Brocklehurst married Gwladys Murray , daughter of Colonel Charles Edward Gostling Murray .	Sing
Dovzhenko Alexander Romanovich was a psychiatrist , psychotherapist , and substance abuse counselor .	Sing
Ahli Al-Khaleel advanced to Group D .	Sing
Magdala ( sometimes erroneously spelled Magdalla ) is a former settlement and current locality about 20km north of Gawler in South Australia .	Sing
Magdala is on the road from Templers to Hamley Bridge .	Sing
In 1893 — 1894 Fedorov was the first in Russia to prepare a tetanus antitoxin .	Sing
Fyodorov developed original surgical instruments specifically designed for new urological surgery and for surgery of the liver and biliary tract .	Sing
As a child , Spector won third place in the California Jr . High State Spelling Bee in 1993 .	Sing
As a result , the MPP secured a supermajority with 65 of 76 seats .	Sing
Singer Trent Reznor stated he made the remix as a healing factor to cope with Bowie 's death .	Sing
Reznor had anonymously uploaded a studio version of the remix to Soundcloud several months before performing it live .	Sing
For example , De Witte writes the following .	Sing
In order to further this , Quelch moved to Reading in 1893 , and also joined the renamed Social Democratic Federation ( SDF ) .	Sing
Torrealba was originally active in the Communist Party of Venezuela ( PCV ) until 1974 .	Sing
Caterham Barracks was a military installation in Caterham , Surrey .	Sing
Kollam or Quilon is one of the oldest port cities in India .	Sing
Pavel Bazhov indicated that all his stories can be divided into two groups based on tone : " child-toned " ( e.g .	Sing
For him " hopping " had sounded magical and had been associated with fire , and that is how the Fire-Fairy appeared .	Sing
Yelena Prikazchikova commented that the Fairy 's gift of the magic spade can be regarded as spiritual .	Sing
The spade only does magic because it is used by the skilled human hands .	Sing
Quantico would only lose one other game during the season , a 26 – 6 defeat at Michigan .	Sing
A game clock malfunction prolonged the game for 82 minutes and the officials called off the " fourth quarter " .	Sing
But Keady would return the Marines to the ranks of the undefeated , coaching the team to a 10 – 0 record in 1927 .	Sing
In 1972 , Quantico would play their last season of football .	Sing
Marcy ’ s deportation marked another difficult hardship in the life of the family .	Sing
Pinang aspires to be a nurse in UK .	Sing
Then , as fate would have it , Pinang met Phil .	Sing
The GSSP for the Danian Stage , in the early Cambrian , marks the end of the Cretaceous and the beginning of the Paleocene Series .	Sing
" Quantico got off poorly , losing to V. M. I. in a mud battle , 6 to o . "	Sing
" Echium vulgare " , forget-me-nots " Myosotis " and species of violets including " Viola riviniana " .	Sing
Pairing is at the end of April and in May .	Sing
Musson did not complete the construction due to finance problems .	Sing
The irregularity of the weather hampered the supply of provisions and mail from the outset of the station .	Sing
A small infill on the western verandah connects to the service wing containing kitchen and laundry areas .	Sing
The duplex is symmetrical about the central party wall .	Sing
The infill of the verandahs on the western side of the buildings had occurred by 1932 .	Sing
Evgeny Kolesnikov ( alternatively Yevgeny Kolesnikov , Evgeni Kolesnikov , born December 26 , 1985 ) is a Russian professional basketball player .	Sing
Kolesnikov played with the PBC CSKA Moscow junior team in Russia between 2002 and 2004 .	Sing
Kolesnikov is also a member of the senior Russian national basketball team .	Sing
Eton and Castle is an electoral ward of the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead .	Sing
Robitaille graduated from North Attleboro High School in 1966 and from Providence College in 1970 with a Bachelor of Science in Business Management .	Sing
At Providence Robitaille was a member of the ROTC , and Pershing Rifles .	Sing
Robitaille served the United States Army as an officer from 1970-1976 .	Sing
After his time in the military , Robitaille worked in labor and employee relations .	Sing
From 1976-1981 Robitaille worked as an Employee Relations Manager for Frito Lay .	Sing
In April 1987 , Robitaille founded his own small business .	Sing
In December 2009 , Robitaille announced his decision to run for Rhode Island governor as a Republican .	Sing
Chafee won the election , with 36 % of the vote to Robitaille 's 34 % and Caprio 's 23 % .	Sing
Evgeny Sergeyevich Voronov ( , born May 7 , 1986 ) is a Russian professional basketball player for Zenit Saint Petersburg of the VTB United League .	Sing
Voronov has played with various teams in the Russian Basketball Super League since beginning his professional career in 2005 .	Sing
After averaging 10.8 points and 2.6 rebounds per game in the 2017-18 season , Voronov re-signed with the team on September 7 , 2018 .	Sing
Voronov is also a member of the senior Russian national basketball team .	Sing
Sherif Fawzy ( ) ( born 2 June 1990 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Egyptian Premier League club Zamalek .	Sing
Until November 2017 , the BESA head office was in Hammersmith , West London .	Sing
Zijlstra and colleagues suggested that this is related to the high proportion of semiaquatic and non-forest species in clade D — most other oryzomyines are forest dwellers .	Sing
In their 2012 description of " Megalomys georginae " , Turvey and colleagues recovered " Agathaeromys " outside each of the major groups of Oryzomyini .	Sing
M3 is a small , triangular tooth .	Sing
There are no M3 of " A. praeuniversitatis " with preserved roots .	Sing
Ranger Maguire was resting in a safe area where he had removed his body armour and helmet when a stray round entered his temple .	Sing
Ranger Maguire and his unit were training for deployment to Afghanistan .	Sing
Mostafa Abdel-Satar ( ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Egyptian Premier League side Zamalek	Sing
According to some sources , Zog even managed to pull out his own pistol and to shoot back at the assassins without managing to hurt anyone .	Sing
Fortier served in the militia during the War of 1812 , reaching the rank of lieutenant .	Sing
Fortier served on the local school board and was vice-president in 1845 .	Sing
Fortier was a candidate in the 1858 election , but withdrew his candidacy before the election .	Sing
Bernhardt 's favourite cocktail with Nicholson Gin was " The Woon Fizz " as noted in Harry 's ABC .	Sing
School Act 's insistence on secularism and non-discrimination lies at the heart of this case .	Sing
Discoveries at Daimabad suggest that Late Harappan culture extended into the Deccan Plateau in India .	Plur
The burnished grey ware , the black burnished corrugated ware and the handmade thick coarse red ware with incised and applied decorations were the other ceramics found .	Sing
The main ware was a fine red ware with linear and geometric designs painted on it in black pigment .	Sing
The associated wares were the burnished grey ware and the thick coarse handmade ware .	Plur
But on the basis of analysis of the elemental composition of these artifacts , D. P. Agarwal concluded that these objects may belong to the historical period .	Sing
Formula Dream was an open wheel racing series based in Japan .	Sing
Infante signed a minor league deal with the Toronto Blue Jays in December 2013 .	Sing
Infante signed another minor league deal with the Blue Jays on October 29 , 2014 , which included an invitation to spring training .	Sing
On December 14 , 2015 , Infante signed a minor league contract with the Philadelphia Phillies with an invitation to spring training .	Sing
On January 7 , 2019 , Infante signed a minor league deal with the Baltimore Orioles .	Sing
Thurber served as mayor of Longueuil from 1915 to 1925 and from 1933 to 1935 .	Sing
Thurber died in Montreal at the age of 87 .	Sing
Dene Miller ( born ) is an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 2000s .	Sing
Dene Miller won a cap for Scotland whilst at St Albans Centurions in 2006 against Wales ( sub ) .	Sing
Wilding started playing drums at the age of 10 and at the age of 16 joined his first band called Killing Mode .	Sing
In 2007 Wilding joined Belgian death metal act Aborted .	Sing
Wilding uses Tama drums , Sabian cymbals , Remo drumheads and Vic Firth sticks .	Sing
The Hope Haynes was a ship notable for causing a massive fire and gas explosion in Bridgeport , Connecticut in 1905 .	Sing
The schooner " Hope Haynes " was a wooden three masted type , home ported in Bath , Maine .	Sing
The third blast happened in Anarkali Bazaar about 10 minutes after the second explosion .	Sing
Crater Hill , lies west of the central ridgeline , and north of Black Bluffs , Red Cliff at the Reservoir .	Sing
In June 2009 MUD included 11 political parties , and was led by Luis Ignacio Planas , President of Copei .	Sing
The MUD declared common ideological points between its members in its National Unity Agreement .	Sing
MUD supports freedom of work , property , press , and free education .	Sing
The MUD wants a foreign policy based on solidarity , especially Venezuela 's neighbors .	Sing
Capriles said that his signature on the document was a forgery , several days later four small parties withdrew from the MUD coalition .	Plur
The MUD held an open primary election on 12 February 2012 .	Sing
Henrique Capriles Radonski won the opposition primaries with 1,900,528 ( 64.2 % ) votes of the 3,059,024 votes cast ( votes abroad not included ) .	Sing
In December 2015 , MUD won 112 of the 167 seats in the National Assembly , a two-thirds supermajority .	Sing
MUD includes two centre-right parties Justice First and Come Venezuela	Sing
In 1997 , B.F. Saul Real Estate Trust announced plans for additional developments in Atlanta .	Sing
The subway operated for 29 years until it closed in 1956 .	Sing
Midtown was a major urban shopping mall and the first urban indoor shopping mall in the United States .	Sing
Midtown Plaza brought many people downtown , but it would soon become a victim of suburbanization .	Sing
In 2014 , Hart 's Local Grocers opened in Downtown Rochester , next to the Little Theatre .	Sing
However , SGD had older roots dating back to the construction of the port of Zeebrugge ( inaugurated in 1907 ) .	Sing
Before the First World War , Ackermans & van Haaren was involved in port construction and dredging in France , Russia , Argentina , Uruguay and Brazil .	Sing
Tideway is the offshore division of DEME and was established in 1991 .	Sing
ISD focuses on port development and land reclamation in India .	Sing
DBE focuses on wave energy and tidal energy , including the development of appropriate technology and prototype equipment that could be used to generate electricity .	Sing
As from 1903 , Ackermans & van Haaren almost continuously executed infrastructure projects in several countries of Latin America .	Sing
With proprietary fall pipe vessels , Tideway was continuously involved in rock placement and protection works for the oil industry in North Sea oil projects .	Sing
In 1895 Ackermans & van Haaren was at the cradle of hydraulic dredging techniques and successfully designed a suction dredger , capable of unloading by its own .	Sing
FEMA issued a letter on June 28 , 2011 , stating the project meets its floodplain management criteria .	Sing
Promoter Tavo Hellmund admitted that his company had been in breach of its contract with Formula One Management since May 2011 .	Sing
A promenade along the north side of the Grand Plaza hosts concessions , retail , restroom facilities , and entrances to spectator seating .	Sing
The amphitheater accommodates up to 14,000 people with 5,240 permanent reserved seats .	Sing
The Main Grandstand is tall , and has a total capacity of approximately 9,000 spectators .	Sing
COTA will debut on the IndyCar Series schedule on Sunday , March 24 .	Sing
Eudonia actias is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
Frolic was six generations removed from Éleuthère Irénée du Pont , the founder of the DuPont corporation .	Sing
Weymouth graduated from St. Mark 's School in Southborough , Massachusetts in 1954 .	Sing
Weymouth suffered from dyslexia , but he believed that being from a prominent family enabled him to graduate from Yale .	Sing
Through his circle of fellow artists , Weymouth became a close friend and relation of artist Andrew Wyeth .	Sing
Weymouth was the confidant who discreetly hid Andrew Wyeth 's nudes of Prussian-born neighbor and caretaker Helga Testorf for 17 years before they became public .	Sing
Weymouth was a member of the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts from 1972 to 1977 .	Sing
Weymouth surrounded himself with art and gardens .	Sing
Anna Hyatt Huntington ’ s " Greyhounds Playing " graces the garden .	Sing
Frolic was the chairman of the board of the Brandywine Conservancy from that point on until his death .	Sing
In 1969 , Weymouth donated his property to the Brandywine Conservancy as its first conservation easement .	Sing
Weymouth organized a conservation team to purchase the for $ 11.5 million .	Sing
Through miscommunication , Weymouth and the Conservancy acquired it .	Sing
Weymouth was a whip , the owner and driver of a coach .	Sing
Carriages are not uncommon around Central Park but taking the carriage through Harlem caused a sensation .	Plur
According to the Office of Government Commerce , Project Assurance helped manage risk and improved delivery confidence .	Sing
Mega-Project Assurance would be specific to ( Portfolios , Program , and / or Projects ) that exceed $ 1 Billion in estimated investment value . "	Sing
Clarity of focus will allow companies to build their sites around this one particular point , which helps consumers recognize the brand and follow it .	Sing
Eudonia aeolias is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
In 1391 , when his childless great-uncle Nicholas Audley , 3rd Baron Audley died , the Audley Barony was abeyant .	Sing
Eudonia amphicypella is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
Lipedematous alopecia ( also known as " Lipedematous scalp " ) is a disorder characterized by a thick boggy scalp and hair loss .	Sing
Unhappy with his minor role on the team , Huertas transferred to the Ole Miss Rebels after the season .	Sing
Huertas sat out the 2006-07 season because of NCAA transfer rules .	Sing
Huertas played for the Rebels in the 2007-08 and 2008-09 seasons , putting up solid numbers as a starting shooting guard .	Sing
Following his junior season , Huertas made the decision to turn professional , signing with Puerto Rican team Piratas de Quebradillas of the Baloncesto Superior Nacional .	Sing
Huertas then returned to the Piratas for the 2010 season .	Sing
Huertas is also a member of the Puerto Rico national basketball team .	Sing
Iftekhar Shareef was the first recipient of the OCI card on January 7 , 2006 .	Sing
Overseas Citizenship of India allows a holder :	Sing
Eudonia antimacha is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
Eudonia balanopis is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
Strahan formed the Thomas Strahan Company , which is still in operation .	Sing
Drug-induced lipodystrophy is a cutaneous condition that presents as one or multiple depressed areas ( i.e .	Sing
Darul Uloom Al-Madania is a private Islamic Seminary in Buffalo , New York that is devoted to producing Islamic scholars and Huffaz .	Sing
Masjid Zakariya is the main prayer hall of the seminary and is open to the public .	Sing
These crescents are approximately 160 ft above ground and are almost 6 feet in length .	Plur
Every year , Darul Uloom Al Madania holds a Jalsa Graduation Ceremony for all the graduating huffaz and ulama ( girls ) .	Sing
Darul Uloom Al Madania launched a distance learning program called eAlim in late 2010 .	Sing
In 1999 the Instituto Agrario Nacional gave Brito a tax-free title to a property in La Tigrera , in Sucre , Bolivar State .	Sing
Brito also alerted the CVG about the supposed existence of a risk of the misappropriation of the funds in case that Figarella 's proposal was accepted .	Sing
Since March 2003 , Brito claimed that some land titles issued to neighbours overlapped with parts of his farm .	Sing
Brito said that the takeover was orchestrated due to a grudge by Juan Carlos Figarella , whom he believed corrupt .	Sing
In 2005 , when a court decided against him , Brito amputated a finger for the television cameras .	Sing
Brito however rejected this as not firmly legal , and began another protest in front of the OAS building , leading the OAS to offer mediation .	Sing
Brito died , age 49 , in the hospital on the evening of 30 August , having intensified his hunger strike in mid-August .	Sing
The artists Red Grooms and Jay Milder founded the City Gallery in Grooms ' second-floor Flatiron Loft on 26th Street and Sixth Avenue in 1958 .	Sing
In 2006 , Lawless ran for the U.S. House of Representatives in the Democratic Primary in Rhode Island 's 2nd congressional district .	Sing
Saman Veisi ( , born August 7 , 1982 in Sanandaj , Iran ) is an Iranian professional basketball player .	Sing
Eudonia bucolica is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
Eudonia clonodes is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
This specific bayonet was longer than the usual bayonet on rifles , and was commonly used as a hand weapon .	Sing
The monument underneath was the one originally erected by the said John Parry to the memory of his Father Edward Parry " "	Sing
Eudonia cryerodes is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
Eudonia dactyliopa is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
Asghar Kardoust Poustinsaraei ( , born March 21 , 1986 ) is an Iranian professional basketball player .	Sing
Eudonia dactyliopa is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
Eudonia empeda is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
Eudonia epimystis is a moth of the family Crambidae .	Sing
The deckhouse contained the cabin for the officer-in-charge and the executive petty officer .	Sing
The deckhouse also included a small arms locker , scuttlebutt , a small desk and head .	Sing
Kookaburra Syndicate – Helmsman , lost America ’ s Cup to Dennis Conner ’ s Stars & Stripes	Sing
Dorothée Aurélie Marianne Pullinger , MBE ( 13 January 1894 – 28 January 1986 ) was a pioneering automobile engineer and businesswoman .	Sing
Dorothée Pullinger Martin moved to Guernsey in 1947 , where she established Normandy Laundries in 1950 .	Sing
Putney is a section in the north end of Stratford , Connecticut .	Sing
'Here Standing ' continued the show , with Just Can 't Get Enough ending the penultimate section .	Sing
Karine Plantadit ( born January 15 , 1970 ) is a dancer and performer .	Sing
In addition , " Bauxitornis 's " longest metatarsal is metatarsal IV ( the outermost preserved ankle bone ) rather than metatarsal III .	Sing
Platt was a research scholar for the National Endowment for the Humanities before entering college .	Sing
KOA first released archived HIRES data on August 18 , 2004 and the data extend back to 1994 .	Sing
The Keck Interferometer ( KI ) connects the two 10-meter Keck telescopes as an infrared interferometer with a baseline of 85 meters .	Sing
KI included the visibility amplitude and nulling modes as well as a more recently developed astrometric mode .	Sing
Following observing semester 2012A ( ending on July 31 , 2012 ) , the Keck Interferometer will no longer be available for use .	Sing
The Palomar Testbed Interferometer ( PTI ) was a near-IR , long-baseline stellar interferometer located at Palomar Observatory in north San Diego County .	Sing
PTI is no longer an operating facility , but previously collected data can be accessed through the PTI archive .	Sing
Sixteen-year-old Bonnie Blunt was lead singer .	Sing
Rameez Junaid and Philipp Marx were the defending champions , but only Marx played this year .	Sing
Yelizaveta Andrianovna Grechishnikova ( ; born 12 December 1983 ) is a Russian long-distance runner .	Sing
Edi transferred to Van Nuys High School the following fall but was not granted eligibility by his school district .	Sing
Edi attended Stoneridge Preparatory School as a senior .	Sing
From 2006 to 2008 , Edi played some games for Paris-Levallois Basket of LNB Pro A .	Sing
Edi made his first career start on January 21 , 2012 against San Diego , with eight points and four rebounds in 26 minutes .	Sing
As a junior , Edi averaged 5.5 points and 2.4 rebounds .	Sing
As a senior in 2012 – 13 , Edi started the first 11 games but played fewer minutes in the second half of the season .	Sing
From 2013 to 2015 , Edi played for Champagne Châlons-Reims , then with STB Le Havre from 2015 to 2016 .	Sing
Emmett Forrest donated an extensive collection of Andy Griffith memorabilia , which forms the basis for the museum 's permanent exhibition .	Sing
The Sioux said that the devils carried sharp arrows which could strike at a very long distance , and that they killed anyone who approached their mound .	Sing
A fundamental tenet of Crow religion was " maxpe " , or " the sacred . "	Sing
The Crow tell of two ways to pass through the mountains without being harmed by the Little People , however .	Sing
When he was 11 years old , Plenty Coups had a second vision involving the Little People , one that changed the fate of his entire tribe .	Sing
Plenty Coups walked for two days ( fasting as he went ) and entered the Crazy Mountains , but had no vision .	Sing
But the chickadee remains , because it is a good listener , develops its mind , and survives by its wits .	Sing
Plenty Coups sought out the advice of his tribal elders in interpreting this dream .	Sing
One Crow Nation folktale involves the " Lost Boy " or " Burnt Face , " and the Little People figure prominently in it .	Sing
In another story , the Crow tell of a child who fell out of his travois as his family moved to new hunting grounds .	Sing
Hennessey was a local civic leader who played a role in the development of the Conn Valley reservoir .	Sing
Conn Creek Dam is an earthen dam high and long containing of material .	Sing
" The Matador " is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Johnny Cash .	Sing
" The Matador " also crossed over to the Hot 100 , peaking at number 44 .	Sing
Northamptonshire first played first-class cricket at the ground in 1980 when it played the touring West Indians .	Sing
In 1986 , Buckinghamshire played their first Minor Counties Championship fixture on the ground against the Somerset Second XI .	Sing
Lattimer is from North Canton , Ohio ( the real-life home town of actor McClintock ) .	Sing
Lattimer is a dedicated agent who is willing to " take a bullet " if necessary .	Sing
Myka discovers that her departure had a considerable emotional impact on him , which she acknowledges and apologizes for during the episode .	Sing
Sorcha becomes pregnant after sex with Ross .	Sing
After the dissolution of the USSR , Russia found itself in a difficult position in the First Chechen war .	Sing
NCC envisions a world in which Canadians conserve nature in all its diversity , and safeguard the lands and waters that sustain life .	Sing
• Since 2000 , NCC has completed ecoregional assessments across southern Canada to identify priority areas ;	Sing
Recently , NCC has started to develop nature atlases for northern ecoregions in Canada and is actively engaging universities and colleges in applied conservation research .	Sing
Peabody later became Instructor in Zoology at the University of Kansas at Lawrence .	Sing
Peabody was married to wife Anna for 20 years and they had three children .	Sing
Hatton Park was a cricket ground in Wellingborough , Northamptonshire .	Sing
In Jerusalem , an antiques dealer slowly reassembles his father ’ s study , plundered by the Nazis in Budapest in 1944 .	Sing
The Hagener Au is a stream , roughly long , in the district of Plön in the north German state of Schleswig-Holstein .	Sing
The deckhouse contained the cabin for the officer-in-charge and the executive petty officer .	Sing
The deckhouse also included a small arms locker , scuttlebutt , a small desk and head .	Sing
WGU Indiana is a private , non-profit online university established by the state of Indiana to expand access to higher education for Indiana residents .	Sing
WGU Indiana accepts applications only from residents in the state of Indiana .	Sing
WGU Indiana uses a mentor-guided model that requires students to demonstrate their knowledge rather than spending time in a classroom .	Sing
WGU Indiana is an approved education provider for Indiana state grants and scholarships offered through the State Student Assistance Commission of Indiana ( SSACI ) .	Sing
WGU Indiana works under the guidance of an Advisory Board of corporate , community , and education leaders in the state .	Sing
Chiprovtsi was then a Catholic-populated town in the northwestern Bulgarian lands under the rule of the Ottoman Empire .	Sing
In the 17th century , Chiprovtsi was a rich merchant town in its cultural heyday .	Sing
From 1971 to 1975 , the ground hosted 5 List-A matches , the last of which saw Northamptonshire play Nottinghamshire in 1975 John Player League .	Sing
Espinosa attended Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana , California .	Sing
Espinosa spent the rest of the 2008 summer with the Vermont Lake Monsters of the Class A-Short Season New York-Penn League , where he batted .328 .	Sing
Espinosa played in the Puerto Rican winter league after the 2010 season .	Sing
Espinosa had a productive 2011 season , hitting 21 home runs and stealing 17 bases .	Sing
Espinosa began the 2012 season in an extended slump , hitting only .205 in April with 2 RBIs .	Sing
Espinosa finished the 2012 season leading the National league in strikeouts with 189 .	Sing
Espinosa began the 2013 season in a slump , hitting only .171 through mid-May .	Sing
In his lone season with the team , Espinosa struggled offensively through the first half of the season , hitting under .170 in 75 games .	Sing
On August 25 , 2017 , Espinosa signed a major league contract with the Tampa Bay Rays .	Sing
Espinosa signed a minor league contract with the New York Yankees on January 29 , 2018 .	Sing
On June 22 , 2018 , Espinosa signed a minor league contract with the Philadelphia Phillies .	Sing
On August 14 , 2018 , Espinosa signed with the Acereros de Monclova of the Mexican League .	Sing
Espinosa is of Mexican-American descent .	Sing
Espinosa represented team Mexico in the 2017 World Baseball Classic .	Sing
Cordero started his career at Deportivo Saprissa and joined Herediano in January 2014 .	Sing
Cordero played at the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship held in Peru .	Sing
Northamptonshire first played first-class cricket at the ground in 1967 when it played Kent in the County Championship .	Sing
Hatcher attended Kinston High School in Kinston , North Carolina , where he played catcher and also pitched .	Sing
In 2011 , Hatcher switched position to pitcher , at the behest of the Marlins ' organization , to facilitate his return to the majors .	Sing
Hatcher made his MLB debut as a pitcher against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field on July 16 , 2011 in a Marlins win .	Sing
Hatcher declared free agency on October 15 , 2018 .	Sing
Wembley Park Cricket Ground was a cricket ground in Wembley Park , Wembley , London ( formerly Middlesex ) .	Sing
The rostrum ends in three or five teeth , a featured shared with the Madagascan species " L. grandidieri " .	Sing
Liss has written that the character was " inspired " by the real life boxing champion , Daniel Mendoza , who also wrote a memoir .	Sing
As a former PhD candidate in 18th century British literature , Liss takes period research and detail seriously .	Sing
Liss noted his surprise at discovering how many questionable business practices of present-day Wall Street were already present in early 18th Century London .	Sing
Liss cleverly refers to the works of Charles Davenant and Josiah Child and their theory of free trade " .	Sing
Thanks for Nothing may refer to :	Sing
Between Foxrock and a Hard Place is a 2010 play by Paul Howard , as part of the Ross O 'Carroll-Kelly series .	Sing
Futebol Clube de Cabinda is a football club based in Cabinda , Angola .	Sing
A trained fitter may require a few hours to perform such an installation .	Sing
Constitutional Political Economy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on constitutional economics published by Springer Science + Business Media .	Sing
Hamlin , Mueller , and Ordeshook coedited the journal until 2013 , when Congleton and Voigt took over .	Sing
Ø ( Disambiguation ) is the seventh studio album by American metalcore band Underoath .	Sing
Underoath hosted a game on their Twitter and Facebook profiles .	Sing
The second song Underoath released was the single " In Division " on November 2 .	Sing
8th Reconnaissance Squadron may refer to :	Sing
Voodoo Gods is an American death metal band with a roster of international musicians .	Sing
About three weeks later , his knee suddenly popped in training when executing a takedown .	Sing
Kubota made her kickboxing debut in the all-female promotion J-Girls at " New Heroine Coming ! "	Sing
Kubota fought once more in J-Girls in the " World Queen Tournament " and defeated Mika Nagai by decision on .	Sing
Kubota won her next two fights in the " Road to S-Cup " series .	Sing
Kubota then returned to shoot boxing and won an extra-round decision against Misato Tomita on .	Sing
Matsumoto won the fight by unanimous decision .	Sing
Kubota then made her debut in K-1 at " K-1 Award & MAX Korea 2009 " on .	Sing
Kubota debuted in the Jewels promotion in a shoot boxing match at " Jewels 4th Ring " on .	Sing
Kubota stunned everyone including Watanabe with her speed and aggressiveness .	Sing
Kubota delivered a devastating knee to the body which caused Watanabe to fall to her knees .	Sing
Watanabe was holding her stomach and was in severe pain and unable to continue the match .	Sing
Kubota faced Ai Takahashi again in a five-round title fight at " Shoot Boxing 2011 Act 3 " on .	Sing
On , Kubota faced Thai Zaza Sor .	Sing
Kubota faced Bellator MMA veteran Jessica Penne in a shoot boxing match at " Shoot Boxing 2011 Act 4 " on .	Sing
Kubota faced Erika Kamimura in a rematch at Rise 85 on .	Sing
Kubota vacated the Rise Queen title on .	Sing
Kubota entered the " 2012 Shoot Boxing Girls S-Cup " on .	Sing
Kubota returned to face Taiwanese fighter Du Peiling at " Shoot Boxing 2013 : Act 2 " on .	Sing
On , at " Shoot Boxing Battle Summit : Ground Zero Tokyo 2013 " , Kubota defeated late replacement opponent Maylee Won .	Sing
However , Deauville remains present in the house , menacing the actors and crew who are trying to film their show .	Sing
Hence GSAP represents a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of Alzheimer 's disease ( AD ) .	Sing
The more selective blockade of γ-secretase provided by inhibiting GSAP may make GSAP a more efficacious and safer drug target than γ-secretase .	Sing
Craon inherited considerable wealth from his father , Guillaume I de Craon .	Sing
Believing him dead , Craon fled Paris for Brittany .	Sing
While still a student , Brew participated in college literary activities and experimented with prose , poetry , and drama .	Sing
Land gastropods in Libya include :	Plur
Brunswick Zone Cosmic Bowling is a video game published by Game Mill Entertainment .	Sing
Indrek Saar is the current minister since 9 April 2015 .	Sing
The European route E14 and Mittbanan railway runs along the northern coastline through Åre and some minor settlements .	Sing
Nagy was one of the main propagators of the Hungarian Revisionism .	Sing
In 2006 the review " Folha " included her among the 25 most famous Brazilian models .	Sing
Some insecticides can induce an increase in the protein content of the male accessory glands of certain types of insects .	Plur
The secretion of this gland is more serous in dogs and more mucous in bulls .	Sing
Additionally , in bulls , the secretion contains high amounts of fructose and citric acid .	Sing
Drawing equal influence from country and rock & roll , the Drive-By Truckers released their first album , Gangstabilly , in 1998 .	Plur
Ballantyne ( 1998 ) defines three types of felsenmeer profiles :	Sing
Dorothea Gundtoft is a Danish stylist and author .	Sing
Dorothea Gundtoft currently manages ND-WORLD.COM , alongside international commissions , while writing her third book for Thames & Hudson available in 2017 .	Sing
Though Butler covered all sports , boxing was always his favourite .	Sing
Lacon was the son of Sir Edmund Knowles Lacon , 2nd Baronet , and his wife Eliza Beecroft , daughter of Thomas Beecroft of Saxthorpe Hall .	Sing
Lacon became a brewer and banker at Great Yarmouth .	Sing
Lacon died at the age of 81 .	Sing
Using " The Last Post " as prime evidence , Shute concluded : " It is pathetically obvious that women can ’ t produce films .	Sing
Land gastropods have a large degree of endemism in 90 % of the species .	Plur
Petrel Lake ( or ) is a salt lake located in Pichilemu beach , Chile , in front of Pichilemu railway station .	Sing
Just before half-time , Shutt had the chance to double City 's lead but his weak shot hit Ward 's ankles after good work by Kiwomya .	Sing
Instead Grimsby Town went down alongside Oldham Athletic and Southend United .	Sing
Jewell guided City to the Premier League within 16 months , the first time City had been in the top flight in 77 years .	Sing
Even as a two-year Nereide acquired a reputation as a good filly and won everything she contested .	Sing
Corrida a short time later won the Prix de l 'Arc de Triomphe , and repeated the victory the following year .	Sing
At the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics in Moncton , Canada , Mutua won a gold medal over 800 metres .	Sing
Kiryat Shmuel ( ) is a neighborhood at the perimeter of the city of Haifa in northern Israel .	Sing
Kiryat Shmuel has a population of 5,500 ( 2007 ) consisting mostly of Orthodox Jews .	Sing
Initially Kiryat Shmuel was an independent municipal entity , but in 1952 it was amalgamated into Haifa together with Kiryat Haim .	Sing
The perpetrator of the crime , a Jewish butcher , returned from deportation and reopened his shop , Rue des Rosiers , in the Pletzl .	Sing
The performer on the show was M.I.A ..	Sing
A sweat scraper is a tool used in horse grooming and with other animals , such as dogs .	Sing
Sweat scrapers are available in both metal and plastic form , and also traditionally in wood ( as seen in Mongolia ) .	Plur
A pampered and bored socialite ( Dayle Haddon ) grows weary of the extreme measures her bodyguard ( Marty Feldman ) employs to keep tabs on her .	Sing
While an English-language export version was created by the producers , American distributor Centaur / Surrogate significantly altered it for their domestic release .	Sing
SS " Oronsay " was a British ocean liner and World War II troopship .	Sing
" Oronsay " then made her way back to port without further incident , though casualties were reported .	Sing
On 9 October 1942 , " Oronsay " was sailing unescorted in the Atlantic en route from Cape Town to the UK via Freetown .	Sing
Baghdad , located in Iraq , was once the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate and a center of Islamic advancements .	Sing
In 1975 , Xerox decided to exit the computer business which it had purchased from Scientific Data Systems in 1969 .	Sing
Honeywell offered to purchase Xerox Data Systems , initially to provide field service support to the existing customer base .	Sing
Xerox maintained a library of other Xerox and user-written software from the EXCHANGE user group .	Sing
This young performer was Zenzo Tagawa .	Sing
Tagawa played regularly at Sakura Gardens and its successor restaurant , Imperial Gardens , for fifteen years .	Sing
After taking up residence in Cupertino , Tagawa became a banjo teacher that specialized in teaching young children and teenagers to play the 4-string banjo .	Sing
Over the years , the Banjo Jubilees have featured a " Who 's Who " roll call of the banjo and American jazz community .	Sing
The headline performer was Tyler Jackson .	Sing
From its humble beginnings in the basement of the Cupertino Music Store , the PBB did not have an official public venue until 1966 .	Sing
This hospitality lasted for the next 24 years until Pinther 's retirement and the closing of the restaurant .	Sing
The Auxiliary , formed in 1998 , is an open membership group .	Sing
The then-president of the band , Floyd Oatman , encouraged them to start one since it would be a great help to the band .	Sing
The Auxiliary has had three chairpersons : Ed Ingraham in 1997 – 2004 , Gen Trovillion 2005-2009 , and Phyllis Heeter 2010 – 2011 .	Sing
Gangsta Funk is the second studio album by the 5th Ward Boyz , released on February 22 , 1994 through Rap-a-Lot Records .	Sing
The largest telescope at the time was in Ireland , a 6-foot ( 183 cm ) aperture metal mirror by William Parsons , 3rd Earl of Rosse .	Sing
Burnie A. Legette ( born December 5 , 1970 in Colorado Springs , Colorado ) is a former American football running back .	Sing
Dare Devil Dive is a steel roller coaster at Six Flags Over Georgia .	Sing
" Dare Devil Dive " begins as the car leaves the station and turns right to reach the vertical lift hill .	Sing
Mena Ivy Bright Calthorpe ( 1905 – 1996 ) was an Australian writer , who was once short listed for the Miles Franklin Award .	Sing
Calthorpe took up work in various office roles and continued to write in her spare time .	Sing
Calthorpe had three novels published .	Sing
Calthorpe was involved in various literary societies and taught creative writing .	Sing
On 25 August 1954 the plenary of the National Constituent Assembly approved the " Legislative Act No .	Sing
Rezaei joined Saipa in 2010 , after spending the previous season at Saba Qom .	Sing
Slimane is a member of the Tunisia national basketball team and made his most recent appearance at the 2010 FIBA World Championship .	Sing
The emirate remained a tributary to the Gwandu emirate until 1903 , when the British took control .	Sing
Slimane is a member of the Tunisia national basketball team .	Sing
Virtual Researcher on Call ( VROC ) is a Canadian educational program administered by Partners in Research .	Sing
Udayan Guha , the Forward Bloc MLA from Dinhata , joined Trinamool Congress on 1 October 2015 .	Sing
Udayan Guha , the Forward Bloc MLA from Dinhata , joined Trinamool Congress on 1 October 2015 .	Sing
Fazle Haque , contesting as an Independent Candidate , was a rebel congress leader .	Sing
Bhawani Prasanna Talukdar and Umesh Chandra Mandal ( both of Congress ) won .	Sing
In the 2011 elections , Keshab Chandra Roy of Congress defeated his nearest rival Dipak Kumar Roy of AIFB .	Sing
Fazle Haque of Congress won the Sitai seat defeating his nearest rival Nripendra Nath Roy of Forward Bloc .	Sing
Fazle Haque , Independent , defeated Nripendra Nath Roy of Forward Bloc .	Sing
Dipak Sengupta of Forward Block defeated Dr. Md .	Sing
The original PTH 24 went from PTH 22 ( redesignated as " PTH 83 " in 1953 ) near Melita to the Saskatchewan boundary near Gainsborough .	Sing
Guo was a late addition to the April 2011 Nike Hoop Summit in Portland , Oregon .	Sing
Guo led the national representative side to the 2009 FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship title as they won all their games to qualify for the Under-17 World Championship .	Sing
Guo is a graduate of Liaoning 's Northeastern University .	Sing
Hacienda San Antonio de Petrel was a Chilean hacienda located between Topocalma and Nilahue , in current Pichilemu , O 'Higgins Region .	Sing
The fanzine played a prominent role in the early development of Tolkien fandom in the United States .	Sing
Amitabh Mattoo , a leading Indian scholar , writes the book is , " a masterly chronicle " .	Sing
Mabe was in early times a chapelry to Mylor and within the episcopal fief and peculiar deanery of Penryn .	Sing
The rebuilt north aisle included reused 15th century light windows on the north wall and at each gable end .	Sing
Rudd worked in entertainment from 1967 – 86 , variously as actor or as director , both on and off-Broadway .	Sing
Rudd married his second wife , Martha Bannerman , in 1983 .	Sing
In 1986 , Rudd retired from acting to raise his children , moving his family from Los Angeles to his Greenwich , Connecticut near his native Massachusetts .	Sing
Later in life , Rudd taught at local middle schools and high schools – on the subjects of theater , especially Shakespeare , and poetry .	Sing
Rudd died at his Greenwich , Connecticut home at the age of 70 from pancreatic cancer .	Sing
In September 1928 , Lazard Frères and Lehman Brothers launched a second fund , named the Second General American Investors Company .	Sing
Khoo trained as an accountant at PricewaterhouseCoopers before studying a Graduate Diploma in Communication ( journalism , public relations ) and joining a national public relations firm .	Sing
After graduating from Michigan , Shuttlesworth played for the Toronto Argonauts in 1974 and 1975 .	Sing
Shuttlesworth enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1970 .	Sing
As a sophomore , Shuttlesworth made his debut with the 1971 Michigan Wolverines football team that finished the regular season with an undefeated 11 – 0 record .	Sing
Shuttlesworth began the season as a backup fullback , playing as a substitute for Fritz Seyferth .	Sing
In a game against Minnesota in late October , Shuttlesworth outgained starting fullback Seyferth by 96 yards to 25 yards .	Sing
Two weeks later , Shuttlesworth got his first start in a 63 – 7 win over Iowa , Michigan 's highest point total since 1947 .	Sing
The " UPI " concluded that Coach Schembechler had " turned that raw potential into running might . "	Sing
Shuttlesworth gained 877 yards and scored six touchdowns on 182 carries in 1971 for an average of 4.8 yards per carry .	Sing
Shuttlesworth was the starting fullback in eight games for the 1972 team that finished with a record of 10 – 1 .	Sing
As in 1971 , Shuttlesworth had three games in which he rushed for more than 100 yards .	Sing
Later in the year , Shuttlesworth gained only 86 yards but scored a career-high four touchdowns against Minnesota .	Sing
In his final game for Michigan , Shuttlesworth rushed for 116 yards in a 10 – 10 tie with Ohio State .	Sing
That man Shuttlesworth really ran .	Sing
In January 1974 , Shuttlesworth played for the East All-Stars in the Hula Bowl .	Sing
In three years at Michigan , Shuttlesworth gained 2,333 rushing yards and 26 touchdowns on 532 carries for an average of 4.4 yards per carry .	Sing
In 1976 , Shuttlesworth played with the Baltimore Colts during the pre-season .	Sing
In 1977 , Shuttlesworth attended training camp with the Philadelphia Eagles and scored on a 30-yard touchdown run in an exhibition game against the Washington Redskins .	Sing
After retiring from football , Shuttlesworth became a computer software professional working in the Atlanta area .	Sing
Missionary Mary McLaurin , in 1875 , founded a school for boys and the next year founded one for girls .	Sing
The Madras Synod sent Rev .	Sing
Secunderabad has some of the most beautiful churches in the region .	Sing
Missionary M. L. Orchard called the presence of single women missionaries a " puzzle " to the Hindu society .	Sing
The death knell or the tolling of the church bell is a popular practice among rural congregations .	Sing
One festivity that is a distinctive part of Christmas celebrations among Telugu Christians is the singing of carols late in the night .	Sing
Seibel grew up in Wickliffe , Ohio , an east-side suburb of Cleveland .	Sing
Seibel enjoyed playing the xylophone and wrote for the school newspaper .	Sing
Seibel is the oldest of three siblings , Lauren Murphy-Holder a psychologist and Robert Murphy Jr. a business owner .	Sing
After completing her internship , Seibel began her professional artistic career in Chicago illustrating covers for restaurant menus and food packaging .	Sing
Seibel resides with her family in the Cleveland suburb of Pepper Pike .	Sing
Monarch Beverage may refer to :	Sing
Sunland Boulevard is a major thoroughfare in the Crescenta and San Fernando Valleys .	Sing
Sunland Boulevard splits off of Foothill Boulevard in the Sunland area of the Crescenta Valley .	Sing
Abramson used adaptive technology , live musicians and electronic technology to create complex musical expressions , all with one finger .	Sing
Prior to his physical illness , Abramson was the bassist for numerous small bands , including Violet Wine and Punchy .	Sing
Abramson has performed under several noms de plume , including Ace NoFace , under which he wrote and produced the album " Toxic Charm " .	Sing
Abramson ran for President of the United States as an independent candidate in the 2012 election .	Sing
Abramson did not appear on any state ballots in that election .	Sing
Abramson attended Okemos High School , The Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and the University of Michigan .	Sing
As of 2018 , PTH 19 is the only provincial trunk highway in Manitoba in which the entire length of the route is unpaved .	Sing
Vineland Avenue carries Metro Local lines 152 and 237 ; the former runs north of Magnolia Boulevard and the latter between Ventura and Magnolia Boulevards .	Sing
The Greater Baltimore Golf Classic was a golf tournament on the LPGA Tour from 1962 to 1980 .	Sing
The infirmary opened in early 1873 at the corner of Duke Street and South Fairfax Street in a townhouse owned by Johns 's father .	Sing
In 1894 , the infirmary opened a nursing school , the first in Northern Virginia .	Sing
In 1902 , the infirmary changed its name to Alexandria Hospital .	Sing
Lazaros Arkhontopoulos ( born 18 July 1958 ) is a Greek alpine skier .	Sing
Giannis Stamatiou ( born 9 July 1962 ) is a Greek alpine skier .	Sing
As a result , Impressionist works depicting the prostitute often became the subject of scandal , and particularly venomous criticism .	Sing
Baudelaire claimed that prostitution was embedded in Paris and everything involved with it .	Sing
In 1877 , Edouard Manet created the painting " Nana " ( 1877 ) .	Sing
Nana 's gaze challenged this notion .	Sing
Although Degas drew individual prostitutes in a notebook , his actual monotypes were entire brothel scenes .	Plur
In " The Sofa " ( 1896 ) Lautrec shows two prostitutes resting on the couch ; they are both wearing slips and look exhausted .	Sing
Toulouse Lautrec captured this phenomenon perfectly ; he does not glamorize their profession .	Sing
Maruyama started his academic career as assistant professor in human development at the University of California at Berkeley in 1960 .	Sing
Naji Heneine ( born 22 July 1961 ) is a Lebanese alpine skier .	Sing
The garbage can model views decisions as outcomes of four independent streams ( detailed below ) within organizations .	Sing
A reformer eliminates the chaotic garbage can elements from decisions .	Sing
The pragmatist tries to exploit the anarchy inherent in the garbage can processes to further personal agendas .	Sing
The garbage can model can be especially helpful in explaining all types of meetings where problems and solutions are fluidly discussed .	Sing
Morissette also wrote two new songs for the musical , " Smiling " and " Predator " .	Sing
Dawit Mulugeta ( ; born January 1 , 1961 ) is an Ethiopian agronomist , statistician , author , and academic research scientist .	Sing
Gorée was the fourth club to have two titles in 1985 .	Sing
Gorée won back to back in 1991 .	Sing
Laha passed matriculation from Bangabashi Collegiate School .	Sing
Laha became popular after acting in Debaki Bose ’ s film " Chandidas " .	Sing
Laha performed in a comedy duo with another comedian Nabadwip Haldar in various films as a Bengali version of Laurel and Hardy .	Sing
Franjo Pooth ( born July 20 , 1969 ) is a German businessman and former CEO of " Maxfield " .	Sing
Franjo Pooth is originally from Meerbusch , a city near Düsseldorf .	Sing
Franjo Pooth went to the Mataré-School in Meerbusch and the Otto-Kühne-School in Bonn .	Sing
In early 1996 , Donruss sold its sports card and card-game properties to Pinnacle .	Sing
During his first season as the head coach of the Bronchos , UCO went 7 – 4 , and won the Lone Star Conference north division championship .	Sing
Jón Ólafur Jónsson ( born 5 December 1940 ) is an Icelandic former footballer who played for the Icelandic men 's national football team in 1969 .	Sing
Janez Zibler ( born 18 February 1958 ) is a Slovenian alpine skier .	Sing
The Chicago Outfit 's enforcer , Tony Spilotro , had Bramlet beaten up when he refused .	Sing
Spilotro also tried to get the union to enroll in a mob-controlled dental plan .	Sing
The fourth sacral has a shape similar to those of the Santana Formation sacrum .	Sing
Through the Folger side of the family , Clarinda was related to both Benjamin Franklin and Lucretia Mott .	Sing
Prof. Rutkowski devoted last 20 years of his life to studies of the Lake Wigry in Podlasie .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Yeongyang County , North Gyeongsang Province .	Sing
The second Ajuran – Portuguese Conflict ( 1542 ) was an armed engagement between the Ajuran Sultanate and the Portuguese Empire .	Sing
At Mogadishu , João de Sepúlveda " destroyed the city and did them great damage and injury " .	Sing
After sealing peace with Barawa , João de Sepúlveda returned to Malindi .	Sing
Geng Lijuan and Dai Lili defeated Cao Yanhua and Ni Xialian in the final by two sets to nil .	Sing
In 2018 , Trier launched its own Karl Marx Year for the 200th anniversary of his birth .	Sing
Carneiro made her debut in the 2007 – 08 season in the Brazilian Superliga .	Sing
Inhibition causes an overly high accumulation of acetylcholine between the nerve and muscle cells .	Sing
EA-3990 lethality in humans is unknown but estimates have been made .	Sing
Qian Jingwen ( born ) is a Chinese female volleyball player .	Sing
Nadine EP is the first EP by Irish recording artist Nadine Coyle .	Sing
Hyun Jung-hwa and Yang Young-ja defeated Dai Lili and Li Huifen in the final by two sets to one .	Sing
JS " Chiyoda " ( AS 405 ) was a submarine rescue ship of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force .	Sing
Jura came from a Pomeranian mixed family with Polish and German roots .	Sing
Later , Jura moved to Venezuela , and in 1993 to Argentina .	Sing
Perna is a village in central Croatia , in the municipality of Topusko , Sisak-Moslavina County .	Sing
Despite his injuries , Hilbert went on to college .	Sing
Hilbert is also an artist .	Sing
After his release from the Army , Hilbert dedicated himself to working with those suffering from combat-related post-traumatic stress disorder , or PTSD .	Sing
After college , Hilbert began a private practice focused on helping trauma survivors , which continued for nearly three decades .	Sing
Hilbert has a history of street practice , bearing witness for peace , and continues his community service with vulnerable populations .	Sing
Hilbert contributed to several books and studies , including " Social Work Today " , Volume 16 ..	Sing
Yuli Ofer died in 2011 , leaving most of his assets to Liora .	Sing
Yuli changed his will in November 2008 , leaving his entire 36.7 stake in Ofer Investments to Liora .	Sing
Qiao Hong and Deng Yaping defeated Chen Jing and Hu Xiaoxin in the final by two sets to nil .	Sing
Ute Ingrid Neumann Crews , his mother , died in a car accident on April 27 , 2018 , at the age of 76 .	Sing
The Poisoned Pawn will be the seventh game in the " Tex Murphy " series of detective adventure games , developed by Chaotic Fusion .	Sing
The Poisoned Pawn refers to the original title that was given to Overseer , before a name change was decided internally prior to its 1998 release .	Sing
The Sido S.1 was a Polish two seat , parasol wing trainer aircraft , first flown in 1930 .	Sing
The second airframe flew in September 1930 , initially known as the S.2 and fitted with a Avia W.Z.7 , a Polish seven cylinder radial engine .	Sing
This colouring provides extremely good camouflage for muddy and silty habitats , where the species will cover itself to stay hidden .	Sing
Parkwood is a light rail station on the LYNX Blue Line in the Optimist Park neighborhood of Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .	Sing
Étude de femme ( English " Study of a Woman " ) is a short story by Honoré de Balzac .	Sing
The " Iosco " had a three-cylinder triple expansion steam engine that was built by the Frontier Engine Works Company of Detroit , Michigan .	Sing
" Life preservers marked Iosco and much other wreckage were found near Huron Island . "	Plur
" The schooner when first sighted had jib and foresail set , and was nearly waterlogged . "	Sing
" The Iosco carried a crew of nineteen men .	Sing
" The Iosco and Jeannette , laden with iron ore , left Duluth at noon last Thursday bound for Lake Erie . "	Sing
Bukovica is a village in central Croatia , in the municipality of Topusko , Sisak-Moslavina County .	Sing
Naima Coster is an American novelist .	Sing
Werber professionalized the group , and improved their stage presentation .	Sing
Werber closely managed their career and their investments through various personnel changes , until the Trio split up in 1967 .	Sing
Werber also managed other folk-oriented , jazz and rock groups including The Journeymen , We Five , The Sons of Champlin and The Mystery Trend .	Sing
Crni Potok is a village in central Croatia , in the municipality of Topusko , Sisak-Moslavina County .	Sing
Suddenly a fireball strikes the airship , and it explodes with much fire and smoke as the impish figures reappear .	Sing
Julienne Alexander makes original illustrations for each episode of " This is Love . "	Sing
University City Blvd is a light rail station on the LYNX Blue Line in Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .	Sing
McCullough is a light rail station on the LYNX Blue Line in the University City neighborhood of Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .	Sing
Northern Feather went bankrupt soon after and the company was sold to Columbia , South Carolina based CMI Industries , renamed True Textiles , Inc .	Sing
Leopoldo González González ( born October 31 , 1950 ) is the Archbishop of Acapulco , Mexico .	Sing
Łukasz Kubot and Marcelo Melo were the defending champions , but lost in the first round to Steve Johnson and Sam Querrey .	Sing
" Kiplinger 's Personal Finance " strongly recommended the title to lovers of sailing and games , describing it as the perfect intersection of the two .	Sing
The Bye Aerospace Sun Flyer 4 is an American electric aircraft under development by Bye Aerospace of Denver , Colorado .	Sing
McLoughlin was suing for Section 4963 's bounty .	Sing
In 1984 , Prentice-Hall published his book " Fashion Photography : A Guide for the Beginner " .	Sing
The Sun Flyer differed from the PC-Aero Elektra One by incorporating new landing gear , propeller and instruments .	Sing
Gry Online felt the developers had crafted an eye-catching , cartoonish visual setting .	Sing
Theodora Sturkow-Ryder Snite died in 1958 , aged 82 years , in Oakland , California .	Sing
Silvan Eli Sidler ( born 7 July 1998 ) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a leftback for Luzern in the Swiss Super League .	Sing
Fertility in dairy cattle , and the problem of infertility , have formed an important part of her work from the outset .	Sing
Bingham met her husband , Bruce Bingham , while they were students at BYU .	Sing
Bingham has taught English as a second language and also worked as a nurses aid .	Sing
Most contentious has been the debate over whether built environments meaningfully influence travel behavior .	Sing
Disagreement exists over the relative importance of self-selection vis-à-vis built environments in explaining travel behavior .	Sing
Redden began his auction career after university , starting as a catalog trainee at Sotheby 's in 1974 and becoming an auctioneer in 1975 .	Sing
Redden served as a Vice-Chairman of Sotheby 's from February 2000 to 2016 , when he retired .	Sing
Upon his retirement , Redden was the longest-serving auctioneer in Sotheby 's history .	Sing
Redden performed in the following films :	Sing
In 1978 Redden married Jeannette ( currently a Commissioner of the Palisades Interstate Park ) .	Sing
Hồ Tấn Tài ( born 6 November 1997 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a defender for V-League ( Vietnam ) club Becamex Bình Dương .	Sing
Tấn Tài represented Vietnam at the 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup , and impressed enough that he was granted a starting position to Bình Định F.C .	Sing
Hazell was a member of the Canadian Handicrafts Guild ( CHG ) and the Canadian Guild of Potters .	Sing
Hazell died in 1984 in Toronto .	Sing
Wet agglomeration is a process that introduces a liquid binder to develop adhesion forces between the dry particles to be agglomerated .	Sing
Wet agglomeration falls into to categories based on method of agitation : Mechanical mixing and pneumatic mixing .	Sing
Dry agglomeration is agglomeration performed without water or binding liquids , instead using compression only .	Sing
Roller compaction is a process in which powders are forced between two rolls , which compress the powders into dense sticks or sheets .	Sing
Sarkozy has denied wrongdoing and rejected suggestions he was a Libyan agent of influence during his tenure as president of France .	Sing
Sarkozy officially spent € 21 million on his campaign .	Sing
Sarkozy rejected the claim by Gaddafi .	Sing
In the recording , Gaddafi tells Minoui that Sarkozy had approached him seeking funds for his presidential election campaign while still serving as French interior minister .	Sing
In March 2018 , Sarkozy-era interior minister Brice Hortefeux voluntarily appeared before French police for questioning .	Sing
The current " Irlam " was smaller than her predecessors , but was employed in the same trade , Liverpool – Barbados .	Sing
" Irlam " was one of the two barks driven onshore .	Sing
The 1997 Trofeo Forla de Navarra was the 44th edition of the GP Miguel Induráin cycle race and was held on 6 April 1997 .	Sing
In 1978 , Behnam fled Iran during the revolution and settled in Dubai .	Sing
At the age of eighteen , Behnam married her Saudi Arabian cousin , Zakaria Siddique Bundakji and moved to Bombay .	Sing
Behnam returned to Karachi , where in 1944 , she gave birth to their son , Essa .	Sing
Over family objections , Behnam determined to become a teacher , took a post at her alma mater , Jufel Hurst High School .	Sing
Behnam traveled to Iran and stayed three months and upon her return to Karachi , was invited by her father to relocate to Teheran .	Sing
In 1972 , after eight years in Lahore , during which she established several cultural centers and libraries , Behnam returned to Iran , moving to Teheran .	Sing
Xenia Rubinos ( born July 24 , 1985 ) , is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist .	Sing
Fabian Daniel Rohner ( born 17 August 1998 ) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Zürich in the Swiss Super League .	Sing
On 6 January 2017 , Rohner signed his first professional contract with FC Zürich .	Sing
Rohner is a youth international for Switzerland at the U18 , U19 , and U20 levels .	Sing
The 1985 Vuelta a Murcia was the first professional edition of the Vuelta a Murcia cycle race and was held on 26 February to 3 March 1985 .	Sing
Anil Malnad ( October 12 , 1957 – March 19 , 2018 ) was an editor who primarily worked in Telugu , Kannada & Tamil film industries .	Sing
This toponym evokes the work of life of Gaston Bouzanquet , officer of the Legion of Honor and corresponding member of the Society of Geography of Quebec .	Sing
The 1986 Vuelta a Murcia was the second edition of the Vuelta a Murcia cycle race and was held on 25 February to 2 March 1986 .	Sing
Saada Saar attended a majorly white public school and faced judgement along with other ethnic students .	Sing
Saada Saar attended Brown University for her undergraduate degree .	Sing
Saada Saar was teaching a drug treatment program when she first met the co-founder of the Rebecca Project , a single mother named Imani Walker .	Sing
Talladega Superspeedway , formerly known as Alabama International Motor Speedway , is a motorsports complex located north of Talladega , Alabama .	Sing
The post-season saw Coach Brook win 18 Sectional , 8 District and 2 Regional championships with a state runner-up finish in 1970 .	Sing
Yassin Maouche ( born 23 July 1997 ) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Zürich in the Swiss Super League .	Sing
The pot brownies food stamps hoax was a hoax and urban legend circulated the internet around 2014 claiming that marijuana brownies , commonly known pot brownies .	Sing
Nidhi is a cunning gold digger who only wants the Agarwals ' wealth .	Sing
The 1987 Vuelta a Murcia was the third edition of the Vuelta a Murcia cycle race and was held on 3 March to 8 March 1987 .	Sing
La Lumiere had lost the 2016 Dick National Championship game prior to Poole 's arrival .	Sing
Sculptor Albert Rieker designed two friezes on the building .	Sing
was a cartoonist active in California , known as the primary illustrator of the San Francisco satirical magazine " The Wasp " .	Sing
EB / Streymur / Skála were the defending champions , having won their first title the previous season .	Sing
The 1988 Vuelta a Murcia was the fourth edition of the Vuelta a Murcia cycle race and was held on 1 March to 6 March 1988 .	Sing
The hanger contains eyes , loops , and arms to fasten the clothing .	Sing
The Greene 1909 Biplane was an American pioneering aircraft .	Sing
The 1989 Vuelta a Murcia was the fifth edition of the Vuelta a Murcia cycle race and was held on 7 March to 12 March 1989 .	Sing
Olhanense signed Silva on 1 July 2018 .	Plur
The 1990 Vuelta a Murcia was the sixth edition of the Vuelta a Murcia cycle race and was held on 6 March to 11 March 1990 .	Sing
The 1991 Vuelta a Murcia was the seventh edition of the Vuelta a Murcia cycle race and was held on 12 March to 17 March 1991 .	Sing
Originally , Kolář and Vlček had no plans to make the game commercially available .	Sing
Underside is with large spot at end of cell of each wing .	Sing
Xining is the capital city of Qinghai province , China .	Sing
Xining may also refer to :	Sing
In male genitalia , the uncus has only one pair of lateral processes .	Sing
Surendranath Tipnis was the president of the Mahad Municipality in the early 1900s and a social activist .	Sing
The 2018 Vuelta a Murcia was the 38th edition of the Vuelta a Murcia cycle race and was held on 10 February 2018 .	Sing
Hilary Schneider , former CEO of Lifelock , serves as CEO .	Sing
Kazi Firoz Rashid ( ) is a Jatiya Party politician and the current Member of Parliament from Dhaka-6 .	Sing
Jiang organized his materials into 28 topics .	Sing
The juxtaposition provides much of the satirical effect .	Sing
In November 2018 , " The Columbus Dispatch " reported that webcomic artist Drew Fairweather runs da share z0ne .	Sing
" Motherboard " s Rachel Pick called the account 's aesthetic a " mash-up of what guys who own Harleys and stoned 14-year-olds think looks cool . "	Sing
Admin hates his job , enjoys marijuana , and has lowbrow taste .	Sing
In da share z0ne posts , Admin has complained of irritable bowel syndrome , experiences of social anxiety , and depression .	Sing
Miles Klee wrote that the Admin 's defining trait is his " nerdy white-collar warriorhood . "	Sing
" Mic " named a post from da share z0ne as one of 101 " canonical " tweets .	Sing
Oru Velladu Vengaiyagiradhu ( ) is a 1980 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Devaraj – Mohan .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Koksan County , Hwanghae Province .	Sing
Taganrog Sundial is now the oldest currently existing sundial in Russia .	Sing
Gnaeus Pedanius Fuscus Salinator was a Roman senator who was active under the Principate .	Sing
Their landlady is Jasmeen ( Satinder Satti ) .	Sing
Whereas Nav Bajwa has invented a machine whom he calls Raduaa .	Sing
Gurpreet Ghuggi tries to steal money but is caught .	Sing
Nav Bajwa thinks that someone is hearing their calls and think that Raduaa is not working properly .	Sing
Vasantha thwarts his dubious plans .	Sing
Transmembrane serine protease 11F is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TMPRSS11F gene .	Sing
Following an increase in organization , Robyn obtained typhoon intensity on August 5 .	Sing
After passing through the Ryukyu Islands , Robyn skirted past western Kyushu on August 9 while steadily weakening .	Sing
At 06 : 00 UTC on August 1 , the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) upgraded the system into a tropical depression .	Sing
Initially , Tropical Storm Robyn meandered erratically within a mesoscale convective system .	Sing
Robyn then began to cease all westward movement and instead took a dive south , only to turn north and later northwest .	Sing
According to the JMA , Robyn leveled off in intensity for 30 hours , and did not become a typhoon until noon on August 5 .	Sing
The JMA disagrees , noting that only slight intensification occurred during this period .	Plur
After passing through the Ryukyu Island , Robyn skirted past western Kyushu on August 9 while steadily weakening .	Sing
A ship offshore Sasebo measured a minimum sea level pressure .	Sing
FBC offers pre-school , grade school , junior high school , senior high school , and undergraduate and graduate level programs .	Sing
Internationally , Abreu represents and plays for the Puerto Rican national team .	Sing
On June 16 , 2017 , Abreu signed a one-year deal with Orléans Loiret Basket of the LNB Pro B .	Sing
Abreu also played at the 2017 FIBA AmeriCup where he averaged 4.7 points , 2.7 rebounds and 4.3 assists per game in two games .	Sing
Aulus Petronius Lurco was a Roman senator , who was active during the Principate .	Sing
and Petronius Lurco is identical to the consul .	Sing
Gry Online felt the game was humorous and targeted at children .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Changyon County , South Hwanghae Province .	Sing
Sarada realizes that Aggi Ramudu is a do-gooder to society and not a criminal .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Paju , Gyeonggi Province .	Sing
Prima Ham FC Kunoichi won the title for 2 years in a row .	Sing
NTV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
NTV Beleza won their second title , by defeating defending champion Prima Ham FC Kunoichi , 1 – 0 .	Sing
Lê Thanh Tú ( born 27 November 1985 ) is a Vietnamese chess player who hold the title of Woman Grandmaster ( WGM , 2008 ) .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Aegis Defenders is a 2D platforming and tower defense game by Guts Department .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the championship .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won their 1st title , by defeating Okayama Yunogo Belle 3 – 1 with Chiaki Minamiyama , Goebel Yanez and Nahomi Kawasumi goal .	Sing
Sudha Belawadi is an Indian film actress in the Kannada film industry , and a theatre artist in Karnataka , India .	Sing
Prakash is an Indian theatre , film , television and media personality , and a National Film Award recipient , for his directorial film Stumble in 2002 .	Sing
Samyukta , is also a Kannada film actress .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
In 2013 , Shoko Inoue recorded a rendition of the song for the 1990s covers album " Kaisōroku : Calling 90 's " .	Sing
" Tada Nakitaku Naru no " finally reached the top of the chart on its fourth charting week , selling 98,000 units on that week .	Sing
Anoop Chandran is an Indian actor who appears in Malayalam films.He was a contestant in the reality show Bigg Boss Malayalam 1 in 2018 .	Sing
Anoop is a graduate from NSS Cherthala .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Hampyeong County , South Jeolla Province .	Sing
Having previously been a ball-boy for the club , Ndlovu joined the youth academy of Maritzburg United from the now defunct Umgungundlovu Academy of Sport in Pietermaritzburg .	Sing
Ndlovu enjoyed a stellar campaign during the 2017 – 18 season in which he helped the club to an historic league finish .	Sing
Yomiuri SC Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Yomiuri SC Beleza won their 1st title , by defeating defending champion Shimizudaihachi SC 2 – 0 .	Sing
Yomiuri SC Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Yomiuri SC Beleza won the title for 2 years in a row .	Sing
Takatsuki FC won the championship .	Sing
Takatsuki FC won their 1st title , by defeating Shimizu FC Ladies 1 – 0 .	Sing
The Grade Cricketer is the pen name of three Australian cricket writers , Sam Perry , Dave Edwards and Ian Higgins .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Gyeongju , North Gyeongsang Province .	Sing
Yomiuri Nippon SC Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Yomiuri Nippon SC Beleza won their 3rd title , by defeating Prima Ham FC Kunoichi 2 – 0 .	Sing
In 1811 Matthaei performed in Berlin , and in 1816 he toured northwest Germany .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Iga FC Kunoichi won the championship .	Sing
Iga FC Kunoichi won their 3rd title , by defeating Tasaki Perule FC 2 – 1 .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Mischa Pearlman of " Record Collector " considers it to be " weirder and more twisted than anything they ’ ve released before . "	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the title for 2 years in a row .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the championship .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won their 1st title , by defeating Urawa Reds on a penalty shoot-out .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the championship .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won their 2nd title , by defeating Albirex Niigata – with Chiaki Minamiyama , Megumi Takase and Asuna Tanaka goal .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the title for 2 years in a row .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the championship .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the title for 3 years in a row .	Sing
The payer is archaeological expert Stanislav Novotny , who is on a mission to discover a Mayan mystery .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the championship .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the title for 4 years in a row .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Scandinavian medias received the product very well and praised the excellent sound quality .	Plur
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the championship .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won their 5th title , by defeating Albirex Niigata – with Homare Sawa goal .	Sing
Tsai Hui-min ( ; born 6 February 1976 ) is a former Taiwanese badminton player .	Sing
Dapo lam also worked at the Ministry of Agriculture , Enugu State .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the championship .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won their 6th title , by defeating Albirex Niigata on a penalty shoot-out .	Sing
INAC Kobe Leonessa won the title for 2 years in a row .	Sing
Nippon TV Beleza won the championship .	Sing
Less than 3,000 Ceylonese were eligible to vote for the four elected unofficial members .	Sing
Orban ( died 1453 ) was an iron founder and engineer from the Kingdom of Hungary .	Sing
Orban or Orbán may also refer to :	Sing
Orbán or Orban is a Hungarian surname and occasional given name .	Sing
Tarek Hussein is an Egyptian lawyer and human rights defender .	Sing
Tarek Hussein sends a letter to the Bar Association from his prison	Sing
Tarek Hussein writes about the captive Palestinian « Hassan Karaja » : when you pay for your case in your chest	Sing
Tarek Hussein writes about his brother " detention camp " after 700 days in custody : : The flood of small , small	Sing
" Motor Crush " , another Image Comics series also written by Fletcher , ran a five-part prologue to " Isola " as a back-up feature .	Sing
Reception to the first issue was mostly positive .	Sing
Krishnan Thoothu also known as Sri Krishnan Thoothu was a film produced by S. M. Letchumanan Chettiyar and Rajagopal Talkies in the year 1940 .	Sing
Homann left to serve as chair for philosophy and economy at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich .	Sing
Vasantha and Kannan are united .	Sing
The mathematician Mikhail Yakovlevich Suslin found that error about ten years later , and his following research has led to descriptive set theory .	Sing
Tiedemann Giese , who became the Bishop of Culm ( Chełmno ) , was an older brother .	Sing
Giese died in February , 1562 .	Plur
The symbolism evident in the painting has been the subject of considerable scholarly enquiry .	Sing
Ranji decided to purchase the house , estate and its famous salmon and sea-trout fisheries from the Berridge Family in 1924 .	Sing
Kogan had a post-doctoral fellowship at the University of Toronto before moving to Cambridge .	Sing
Kogan is the CEO and founder of Philometrics , another big data analytics firm .	Sing
Kogan developed the app that allowed Cambridge Analytica to collect personal details of 80 million Facebook users .	Sing
Gwangju No clan ( ) was one of the Korean clans .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Gwangju , Gyeonggi Province .	Sing
Kabul had been on alert for attacks during Nowruz , the Persian New Year .	Sing
The Gemäldegalerie moved out to new premises in June 1998 and the Museum Europäischer Kulturen moved into the building in 2011 .	Sing
Former president Olusegun Obasanjo said Nigeria 's delay was regrettable .	Sing
The Beijing – Hong Kong ( Taipei ) passageway is a proposed high-speed railway passage in China and Taiwan .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Andong , North Gyeongsang Province .	Sing
The platoon consists to three squads .	Sing
CTS operates from a 20-acre campus .	Sing
In addition , Nan got Chiangkhong as the colony .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Pohang , North Gyeongsang Province .	Sing
First placed Leeds beat fourth placed Castleford , while second placed Wigan beat St Helens who finished third .	Sing
DExH-box helicase 34 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the DHX34 gene .	Sing
From 2008 through 2014 , Baird participated in Cal-South Olympic Development Program and various age group US soccer Youth National Teams .	Sing
On February 6 , 2013 , Baird signed a National Letter of Intent to play for Stanford University .	Sing
Baird completed his Stanford career tied for third all-time in career assists while also scoring 16 goals	Sing
On January 5 , 2018 , Baird signed as a Homegrown Player for Real Salt Lake of Major League Soccer .	Sing
Baird made his professional debut on March 17 , 2018 , as a 66th-minute substitute during a 1-0 win over New York Red Bulls .	Sing
Baird was a member of the U.S. under-17 squad that competed in the 2013 CONCACAF U-17 Championship in Panama City , starting all four matches .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Kwail County , South Hwanghae Province .	Sing
Kristoffer Ødemarksbakken ( born 15 December 1995 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Eliteserien club Lillestrøm .	Sing
Alba also owns tour operator JoinUp !	Sing
Droste is a Senior 3D Environment Artist and Level Designer , and was in the Australian gaming industry for ten years before making this game .	Sing
Ranganath Prasanna ( born 9 March 1975 ) is a Sri Lankan cricket umpire .	Sing
On 21 July 2013 , Amoroso joined Unión Mar del Plata of Torneo Argentino A .	Sing
In January 2015 , Argentine Primera División side Olimpo signed Amoroso .	Sing
On 6 July 2016 , Amoroso signed for fellow top-flight club Newell 's Old Boys .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Seongju County , North Gyeongsang Province .	Sing
Hayato Okamoto may refer to :	Sing
Moussa Ndiaye ( born 30 September 1999 ) is a Senegalese football player .	Sing
Gamini Dissanayake ( born 8 April 1964 ) is a Sri Lankan cricket umpire .	Sing
Pop 's maturity beyond the category of teenage entertainment had only recently been recognised at this time .	Sing
Jean-Paul Enthoven ( born 11 January 1949 ) is a French publisher and journalist .	Sing
Jean-Paul Enthoven was then very close to the " Nora family " , Pierre Nora being its " Cicerone " .	Sing
Enthoven is the father of three children with Catherine David :	Sing
On 4 December 1981 , Jean-Paul Enthoven married Corinne Pécas , daughter of Max Pécas , director and producer of erotic films .	Sing
Jean-Paul Enthoven , divorced from Corinne Pécas , is today the husband of the Italian-Argentine journalist Patricia Della Giovampaola , widow of Rodolphe de Belzunce d 'Arenberg .	Sing
Enthoven is an officier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres .	Sing
Pence graduated from DePaul University .	Sing
Pence grew up with her parents and siblings in Arlington County , Virginia .	Sing
Pence described her family as " very , very close " and said that " [ they ] talk about everything together " .	Sing
Pence spent her junior year at DePaul University studying a semester in English and Philosophy abroad at St Catherine 's College , Oxford .	Sing
Pence did film production internships while in college .	Sing
Pence has since worked on several documentary and short film projects .	Sing
Pence considers herself a writer and has published poems , short stories and articles .	Sing
In 2015 , Pence wrote a column for DePaul University 's " The DePaulia " about her studying abroad at Oxford University .	Sing
In the essay , Pence wrote about the lessons she had learned from her father .	Sing
In September 2017 , Pence started an agent training program at the United Talent Agency .	Sing
Pence and her mother thought about creating a children 's book , following Bundo 's popularity on Instagram and because Karen is a watercolor painter .	Sing
Pence told Andrew Klavan in a 2018 interview that she " could also " write non-fiction and " for adults " .	Sing
Pence said that they 'd " love to do something for a sequel " .	Sing
6 Children 's Picture Books on " The New York Times " Best Seller list .	Sing
Pence reacted positively to the parody book , saying :	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Jinju , South Gyeongsang Province .	Sing
Fuxi made surname East ( ) because he was a citizen of zhèn ( ) .	Sing
Burden graduated from Dalhousie University in 1952 , receiving his medical degree , and would work in the field for the next 50 years .	Sing
Burden died on March 17 , 2018 at the age of 95 .	Sing
At Royal Ascot in June Tide-way showed good early speed butfinished unplaced behind Fair Ranee in the Queen Mary Stakes .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Cheongju , North Chungcheong Province .	Sing
By 1859 , Vansittart was having an affair with Edward Bulwer-Lytton , a well-known novelist and politician , which lasted for 12 years .	Sing
Shortly after her marriage , Vansittart began to study her father 's work on ship propulsion .	Sing
After graduating in 1998 , Twiss performed at the Black Hills Playhouse during the 1999 and 2000 seasons .	Sing
While doing acting and stand-up comedy gigs in New York , Twiss sought writing jobs .	Sing
Ursula Reilly Curtiss ( April 8 , 1923 — October 10 , 1984 ) was an American writer of mystery novels .	Sing
Ursula Reilly graduated from a Catholic girls ' high school , Lauralton Hall in Milford , Connecticut .	Sing
Ursula Reilly married John Curtiss Jr. in 1947 ; her husband survived the Bataan Death March .	Sing
Ursula Curtiss died from cancer in Albuquerque , New Mexico in 1984 , aged 61 years .	Sing
Yasuyuki Itou serves as director of photography , while Yayoi Tateishi is the sound director .	Sing
The Gemini bucks the trend of modern smartphones in its screen being primarily used in landscape aspect , and having a keyboard , i.e .	Sing
From 1933 to 1934 Fleischer was a research associate at Yale 's Department of Chemistry .	Sing
Fleischer worked as a geochemist with the United States Geological Survey from 1939 to 1978 .	Sing
Fleischer worked on the mineralogy of manganese oxides , and was coauthor of ten papers on this subject between 1942 and 1969 .	Sing
In a 1944 paper Fleischer showed the importance of the manganese oxide mineral nsutite as a component of dry cell batteries .	Sing
Fleischer changed the format of the abstracts from brief reports to critical essays that pointed out unnecessary names , synonyms and names based on inadequate data .	Sing
For example , in 1956 Fleischer noted that bursaite 's X-ray data shows many coincidences between those of the minerals kobellite and cosalite .	Sing
In 1975 Fleischer received the Roebling Medal , the highest honor of the Mineralogical Society of America .	Sing
From 1978 to 1995 Fleischer was a research associate at the Smithsonian Institution 's Department of Mineral Sciences .	Sing
Fleischer served as president of the Geological Society of Washington and vice president of the Geological Society of America .	Sing
Fleischer belonged to a variety of professional organizations , including :	Sing
Bye Aerospace is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Englewood , Colorado .	Sing
In July 2010 , Cessna developed a proof-of-concept electrically powered Cessna 172 in partnership with Bye Energy .	Sing
The derivative Sun Flyer 4 is a four-seat design , yet to be completed .	Sing
On July 31 , 2018 , Bye Aerospace flew a piloted prototype of its solar-powered unmanned StratoAirNet and manned Solesa from the Northern Colorado Regional Airport .	Sing
In 1826 , Larkin began his business career by establishing a country store in Upper Chichester Township .	Sing
From 1844 to 1846 , Larkin represented Delaware County in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .	Sing
In 1849 , Larkin formed a partnership with William Booth which they named Larkin & Booth .	Sing
Larkin was one of the originators of the Chester Rural Cemetery .	Sing
Larkin was one of the founders and president of the Chester Mutual Insurance Company .	Sing
In 1871 , Larkin became the president of the First National Bank in Chester .	Sing
In 1879 , Larkin donated two acres of land adjacent to the St. Martin 's Church in Marcus Hook , Pennsylvania for use as a cemetery .	Sing
Larkin was one of the originators of the Chester Rural Cemetery in Chester , Pennsylvania and served as president of the organization for many years .	Sing
In 1827 , Larkin married Charlotte Morton .	Sing
Retribution is the twelfth studio album by the Hungarian Heavy metal band Ektomorf , released January 31 , 2014 .	Sing
Speiser appeared in 1969 as Sandrina in the first recording of Haydn 's opera " L 'infedeltà delusa " , conducted by Antonio de Almeida .	Sing
Speiser was also a " Lieder " singer .	Sing
Rainbird had been an advertising executive , before starting a career in publishing in 1951 .	Sing
Rainbird died on 20 August 1986 , aged 81 .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Guangning County , China .	Sing
Gian Maria Rastellini ( 20 January 1869 – 30 December 1927 ) was an Italian neo-impressionist painter .	Sing
In 1928 , Wandel participated in the establishment of Håndarbejdets Fremme where she served on the board from 1931 .	Sing
Wandel was a highly effective leader , handling the organization 's day-to-day management from the beginning .	Sing
On the political front , Wandel served on the Gentofte municipal council from 1943 to 1970 , representing the Conservative People 's Party .	Sing
Gertie Wandel died in Gentofte on 29 July 1988 .	Sing
Gertie Wandel was one of the first women to be honoured with the Order of the Dannebrog in 1951 .	Sing
The 57th transferred to the 12th Army in February and to the 16th Army in March , fighting in the Polish – Soviet War .	Sing
On 16 August the Polish counterattack in the Battle of Warsaw began by moving through the thinly held , overstretched lines of the Mozyr Group .	Sing
As in 2017 , del Potro withdrew shortly before the tournament started and was replaced by Frances Tiafoe .	Sing
Lastly , Pott never had any children , so her family couldn 't pass on her legacy as an important artist of the time .	Sing
" Shoreline " is a woodcut print that sufficiently represents Romano 's printmaking work as she transitioned into being a notable printmaker .	Sing
" Shoreline " showcases the artist 's accomplishment in variation of color and surface treatments from a single pass of a plate through a press .	Sing
On February 14 , 2018 , Echevarria signed his first professional contract with United Soccer League side New York Red Bulls II .	Sing
A crab cake sandwich is an American dish which is made with crab cake on a roll or bread .	Sing
Herod then decided to take refuge instead in Alexandria , at the court of Cleopatra VII of Ptolemaic Egypt .	Sing
Finalist of Miss Slovakia , Lucia Uhrinová , played in the clip with Petr Lexa and Lukáš Bundil .	Sing
Tevin Shaw ( born 24 February 1997 ) is a Jamaican international footballer who plays for Tivoli Gardens , as a midfielder .	Sing
A roundhouse is the part of a post mill that encloses the trestle .	Sing
A roundhouse is usually , but not always round .	Sing
A roundhouse may be of one , two or three storeys .	Sing
A tall roundhouse raised the mill above the trees and enabled it to better catch the wind .	Sing
In April 1935 Crawley relinquished the headmastership of Warriston , but the school remained his property .	Sing
Graphium teredon , the southern bluebottle or narrow banded bluebottle , is a species of swallowtail butterfly , that is found in south India and Sri Lanka .	Sing
Hindwing produced into a rather prominent tooth at end of upper median veinlet ; the medial band mostly narrower than in " G. sarpedon " .	Sing
Inhibition causes an overly high accumulation of acetylcholine between the nerve and muscle cells .	Sing
Zac & Mia is an Australian young adult novel written by A.J .	Sing
Santo Domingo , alternatively known as Santo Domingo del Mérida , is a city in Venezuela , located in Mérida .	Sing
Another intimate was the monarchist-theologian Adolf von Harnack .	Sing
In any event , Schloss Elmau continues to be managed by Müller 's descendants as a " Luxury Spa & Cultural Hideaway Hotel " .	Sing
Ines G. Županov ( born 1955 ) is a Croatian historian and Indologist .	Sing
On January 30 , 2019 , Andretti Autosport announced that Conor Daly would join the team for the Indianapolis 500 .	Sing
Blueprint 2020 is a Detroit-based initiative focused on helping students to excel in school and have more career options afterward .	Sing
Peard never married and died in Torquay in Devon in 1923 .	Sing
Katok ' B ' Primary School is the primary school for the pupils residing within Katok ' B ' .	Sing
Sholay Aur Toofan is a 1994 Hindi action film of Bollywood directed by N. Paryani and produced by Mohan T. Gehani .	Sing
Radha , Sita and Geeta are three sisters who live in a village with their mother .	Sing
Radha leads them and they take up arms to take revenge their enemies .	Sing
Moreover , all mentees have access to an online knowledge base with guidance on everything an applicant needs to know during the application process .	Plur
Teri Berukhi is a 2013 Pakistani television drama serial directed by Mohsin Mirza , produced by A & B Entertainment and written by Seema Munaf .	Sing
The Chinese Taipei national under-18 and under-19 basketball team is a national basketball team of Chinese Taipei , administerned by the Chinese Taipei Basketball Association .	Sing
The postcode for Perpindahan Mata-Mata is BE1918 .	Sing
During the 1980s and 1990s , Tse made regular road trips to Chinatown , New York which served as a surrogate for her birthplace .	Plur
In 2003 Tse received her B.A .	Sing
His gaze looks off past the photographer and into the night sky .	Sing
Tse has exhibited solo shows in the United States and Hong Kong .	Plur
Tjader ( also Tjäder ) is a surname .	Sing
Their Bon-gwan was in Guangzhou , Guangdong , China .	Sing
Costin helped form the Republican Party of Georgia He met with U.S. President Abraham Lincoln .	Sing
Costin was a freemason and held the title of Grand Master ( Masonic ) .	Sing
MoonLIGHT is a laser reflecting array to be deployed near the lunar south pole .	Sing
An unrelated science payload on the same lander is the International Lunar Observatory .	Sing
" Bootle " arrived at Kingston , Jamaica on 13 June 1806 .	Sing
The starry bent-toed gecko ( " Cyrtodactylus astrum " ) is a species of gecko endemic to southern Thailand and peninsular Malaysia .	Sing
In 2017 , Kik Tracee signed with EMP Label Group to release a 2-disc demos and b-sides album titled " Big Western Sky " .	Sing
Kik Tracee landed at No .	Sing
Present standard Valencian follows approximately these recommendations , but some points are not currently considered orthographic and vice versa .	Sing
( the ep ) is a 5-song EP , which is the third release by Mike Kinsella under the name Owen .	Sing
A 1955 coup d 'état known as the " Revolución Libertadora " forced Perón into exile and banned Peronism .	Sing
Arturo Frondizi won with support from factions of the outlawed Peronists .	Sing
Illia only governed until 1966 , however , when General Juan Carlos Onganía 's coup removed him from the presidency .	Sing
Perón won in a landslide with his wife María Estela Martínez as vice-president .	Sing
Perón died on July 1 , 1974 , and Balbín dedicated a warm eulogy to him .	Sing
Linehan also stated that Leonard would see 15-20 snaps per game .	Sing
Sheba is a brand of canned cat food produced by Mars , Incorporated .	Sing
As of July 2012 , Sheba is again available in the United States .	Sing
In mid-2014 , Sheba once again returned to plastic trays with its Perfect Portions line .	Sing
Lucile is the wife of the out-of-touch ruler of Laurania , Molara .	Sing
Lucile abandons Molara for the charms of Savrola , a character more like Churchill himself .	Sing
Ambition was the motive force , and he was powerless to resist it " .	Sing
Unrest has arisen because of Molara 's refusal to restore parliamentary rule , and the final events of his dictatorship are described in the book .	Sing
Orwell Moore , a high school coach , coached two of the teams from 1948 and then purchased them .	Sing
Orwell also began Camp Courage , a basketball camp for girls .	Sing
Nichiren picked Tammon-Ten , the general of the Taoist Six Chia , to dedicate his kuji prayer to .	Sing
The Fuju shu does not spell out every ritual in detail .	Sing
Mudra is , " dokko-in / kongoshin-in " , " seal of the thunderbolt . "	Sing
Mudra is , " daikongorin-in " , " seal of the great thunderbolt . "	Sing
Mudra is , gejishi-in " seal of the outer lion . "	Sing
Mudra is , naijishi-in " seal of the inner lion . "	Sing
Mudra is , gebaku-in " seal of the outer bonds . "	Sing
Mudra is naibaku-in " seal of the inner bonds . "	Sing
Mudra is , Chiken-in " seal of the wisdom fist , " also known as " seal of the interpenetration of the two realms . "	Sing
Mudra is " seal of the ring of the sun . "	Sing
There are five yang / yō-syllables , and four yin / in-syllables .	Sing
The yin and yang theory of kuji also carries over to kuji kiri .	Sing
The yin / in-syllables represents the Godai myō-o .	Sing
Zokushu is based on Jodoshu [ Pure land sect ] and therefore the primary deity of worship is Amida Nyorai .	Sing
Contrarily , poorly placed or timed ventilation may increase the fire 's air supply , causing it to grow and spread rapidly .	Sing
Cheek successfully challenged Napier 's leadership two years later .	Sing
" Latorre " was stricken from the Chilean Navy in 1984 , and was sold in August 1986 , being scrapped in Taiwan in 1987 .	Sing
In 1887 , Emperor Gojong of Korea opposed the construction of the cathedral and threatened the land to be confiscated .	Sing
Nevertheless , Emperor Gojong became convinced of the value of having a Christian Cathedral and conceded to hold the cornerstone ceremony on 5 August 1892 .	Sing
The pontiff approved the request and assigned the Paris Foreign Missions Society but were hesitant due to the strong Anti-Christian sentiment in Korea at the time .	Plur
The crypt of the cathedral lies directly beneath the main altar .	Sing
The crypt contains the relics of nine Korean Church martyrs .	Sing
As of 2016 , the University of Đà Nẵng consisted of :	Sing
Pawar defeated Patil 172-145 in a straight contest for MCA president .	Sing
The infatuation reaches a dangerous level when she coaxes Murugan to take her from the constraint of her family , who have other plans about her future .	Sing
Saranya Nag was in Class IX , when cinematographer Vijay Milton referred her on to Balaji Sakthivel who had subsequently cast her in Kaadhal .	Sing
Balaji initially wanted Ileana as a lead actress since she couldn 't spare the dates he opted for a newcomer Sandhya .	Sing
The kangaroo has been historically a staple source of protein for indigenous Australians .	Sing
Kangaroo formed an important part of many traditional Aboriginal diets .	Sing
Ivana Karaja ( born 1978 , Berlin ) is a German dance and pop musician	Sing
In 1950-51 , out of the total traffic of 19.3 MT at all the major ports of the country , Kolkata handled 7.6 MT .	Sing
In 1988-89 , Kolkata handled 14.22 MT against 142 MT of all ports taken together .	Sing
Khoo is one of the co-authors of Rukunegara .	Sing
After two years of service in the Austrian army , Lacy followed his commander , Charles Eugène de Croÿ , into the Russian service .	Sing
Lacy was reputedly the first Russian officer to enter the capital of Livland and he was appointed the first Russian chatelain of Riga Castle in the aftermath .	Sing
Three years later , Lacy succeeded Repnin in command of the Russian forces quartered in Livland , and in 1729 he was appointed Governor of Riga .	Sing
In 1733 , Lacy and Munnich expelled the Polish king , Stanisław I , from Warsaw to Danzig , which was besieged by them in 1734 .	Sing
Lacy had reached the rank of Field Marshal with the outbreak of the Russo-Turkish War , in which his success exceeded even the most unreasonable expectations .	Sing
" Pickle " reached Falmouth on Monday 4 November and Lapenotière then travelled overland to London .	Sing
Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal unveiled a plaque at Falmouth on 4 August 2005 to launch a series of events along the Way .	Sing
Yoram Kaniuk ( ; May 2 , 1930 – June 8 , 2013 ) was an Israeli writer , painter , journalist , and theater critic .	Sing
There is a gun emplacement on the hill behind the station , and another at Hansen Point with the original 4-inch gun still in position .	Sing
Acquired by Carnival Corporation in 2000 , Costa Cruises is now one of ten brands operated by Carnival and accounts for approximately 16 % of its revenue .	Sing
On January 13 , 2012 , " Costa Concordia " ran aground off Isola del Giglio , Tuscany .	Sing
On February 27 , 2012 , " Costa Allegra " suffered an engine room fire and went adrift in the Indian Ocean .	Sing
Singapore Pools is the sole provider of gambling games in Singapore .	Sing
A schoolboy decided to raffle his bicycle for 100 $ 1 tickets , each bearing two digits .	Sing
An independent external auditor and five draw officials are involved in the draw process .	Sing
In December 2016 Da Ma Cai provide mobile betting channel " dmcGO " apps ( IOS and Android )	Sing
Sports Toto also offers three lottery games , similar to those seen in Western countries .	Sing
However , the highly sophisticated ITIS is not part of the AES .	Sing
Justo studied medicine at the Universidad de Buenos Aires while working as a journalist to earn a living .	Sing
Justo wrote his first pieces at the " La Prensa " newspaper as a parliamentary journalist .	Sing
In 1905 " La Vanguardia " became a daily newspaper , in an important cultural extension that exceeded its original purpose of political diffusion .	Sing
Justo directed the newspaper until his death .	Sing
Justo also proposed several projects of law for the social welfare , and against gambling , alcoholism and illiteracy .	Sing
Justo also participated of the creation of cooperative El Hogar Obrero , the Biblioteca Obrera and the Sociedad Luz of culture and promotion of socialism .	Sing
Justo also made the first Spanish translation from German of Karl Marx 's " Das Kapital " .	Sing
Bytów is a PKP railway station in Bytów ( Pomeranian Voivodeship ) , Poland .	Sing
The New Trafalgar Dispatch was part of the bicentenary celebrations of Lord Nelson 's famous and momentous victory at the Battle of Trafalgar , in 1805 .	Sing
In the re-enactment , the specially built replica post chaise visited various points , between Falmouth and London , many of them on the original route .	Sing
The conservatoire early on opened a number of branches throughout Athens , in a number of cities in Greece , and in Cyprus .	Sing
Dąbrówka Bytowska is a non-operational PKP railway station in Dąbrówka Bytowska ( Pomeranian Voivodeship ) , Poland .	Sing
The Protectorate had its own military forces , including a 12-battalion ' Government Army ' , police and gendarmerie .	Sing
The Self-Administration 's autonomy enabled it to maintain police structures that	Sing
Vichy opened up a series of concentration camps in France where it interned Jews , Gypsies , homosexuals , political opponents , etc .	Sing
In February 1941 , the naval dockyard at Brest had only 470 German workers , compared with 6,349 French workers .	Sing
Lainé and Goulet later took refuge in Ireland .	Sing
Vichy signed Joint Defense and Joint Military Cooperation treaty with Japan on 29 July .	Sing
German intelligence Abwehr believed it had control of the Lithuanian Activist Front , a pro-German organization based in the Lithuanian embassy in Berlin .	Sing
Balli Kombëtar was an Albanian nationalist and anti-communist organization which collaborated with the Axis Powers during their occupation of Greece and Yugoslavia .	Sing
Humayun Saeed ( born Humayun Saeed Ansari : 27 July 1971 ) is a Pakistani actor and producer .	Sing
" Ye Jahaan " , a musical that was telecast in 1996 became his debut .	Sing
Hegarty also played piano , sang backup vocals and co-wrote several songs on the album .	Sing
He is a Fellow of The Royal Society of Arts and Commerce and in 2008 became the provost of the Centre for Inquiry UK .	Sing
Nong Han may refer to	Sing
Lexical opposites are words that have opposite meanings ( Summer Institute of Linguistics 2004 ) , such as in and out or go and come .	Plur
In this case , I – myself ( 1st example ) and man – himself ( 2nd example ) refer to the same individual .	Sing
Reduplication refers to the repetition of word categories to convey a certain meaning .	Sing
In the United States issuance of such certificates is under the purview of the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) .	Sing
An STC has the following advantages over other forms of modification or repair approval :	Sing
As its name suggests , an STC is a certificate .	Sing
In 2010 at the US / Europe International Aviation Safety Conference , Eurocopter discussed concerns about potential risks with , and incompatibilities in , STCs .	Sing
Gong Zhi later surrendered Wuling to Zhang Fei .	Sing
Brusy is a PKP railway station in Brusy ( Pomeranian Voivodeship ) , Poland .	Sing
Starting in 194 , Sun Ce borrowed troops from Yuan Shu and embarked on a series of conquests in the Jiangdong ( or Wu ) region .	Sing
Sun Ce wrote to Yuan Shu and attempted to dissuade him from doing so , but was ignored .	Sing
Dziemiany Kaszubskie is a PKP railway station in Dziemiany Kaszubskie ( Pomeranian Voivodeship ) , Poland .	Sing
Kalisz Kaszubski is a PKP railway station in Kalisz Kaszubski ( Pomeranian Voivodeship ) , Poland .	Sing
His " magnum opus " was the " Regulae solvendi sophismata " ( " Rules for Solving Sophisms " ) , written about 1335 .	Sing
Xun Chen , courtesy name Youruo , was an official who lived during the late Eastern Han dynasty of China .	Sing
Xun Chen served as an adviser to the warlord Han Fu , who was the Governor ( 牧 ) of Ji Province .	Sing
Gongsun Zan then attacked Han Fu and defeated him in battle .	Sing
Xun Chen , along with other former subordinates of Han Fu , then joined Yuan Shao and became one of his advisers .	Sing
Xun Chen served as a strategist in Yuan Shao 's camp during the Battle of Guandu .	Sing
Kadhal Kavithai ( ) is a 1998 Tamil language romance film directed by Agathiyan and produced by Murali Manohar .	Sing
At the same time , Jothi too visits the grave and leaves a note after reading the poem .	Sing
Between 194 and 199 , Sun Ce embarked on a series of conquests in the Jiangdong region and established his power base there .	Sing
A step-by-step walkthrough is playable by users on the " Learn to Play " mode for the Shang Dynasty of China ( 1700-1100 BC ) .	Sing
Toto Coelo ( renamed Total Coelo in the US ) was a 1980s British new wave group , masterminded by producer Barry Blue .	Sing
Mahadevan later changed her name to Anita Chellamah , and formed Cherry Bombz with several former members of Hanoi Rocks , including Andy McCoy .	Sing
Franck dedicated it to his pupil Henri Duparc .	Sing
This unacceptable betrayal of French music led several conservative members of the Société , led by Saint-Saëns , to resign ; Franck himself thereon assumed the presidency .	Sing
The omission of the standard Scherzo movement is in part compensated for with a scherzo-like treatment in the second movement .	Sing
Eutelsat 31A , formerly e-Bird , Eurobird 3 and Eutelsat 33A , is a communications satellite that offers capacity for broadband and broadcast services in Europe .	Sing
Initially , there were few B-29s available for Training Command to conduct training .	Plur
The phaseout of the B-36 began in 1957 , when the wing began receiving the new Boeing B-52 Stratofortress jet bomber .	Sing
In September 1959 , the 24th and 30th Bombardment Squadrons joined the newly assigned 4129th Combat Crew Training Squadron to train B-52 and KC-135 crews .	Sing
The 579th SMS received its first missile on 24 January 1962 .	Sing
The 120th AC & W Squadron consisted of members of the federalized Arkansas Air National Guard , called to active duty during the Korean War .	Sing
The 686th AC & W Squadron operated AN / MPS-7 search and AN / MPS-14 height-finder radars .	Sing
Musk will mark their territory warning trespassing deers not to cross the boundary .	Sing
Holywood was a terminus until May 1865 , when the Belfast , Holywood and Bangor Railway ( BH & BR ) opened from Holywood to Bangor .	Sing
The C band payload provides coverage of Asia , Australia , parts of Europe and Africa .	Sing
The K band payload covers Korea and China , including Hong Kong , Macau and Taiwan .	Sing
Visitation with the family preceded the service .	Sing
Some peak-hour trains pass through Marino without stopping .	Sing
Some peak-hour trains pass through Cultra station without stopping .	Sing
The 1312 eclipse occurred over northern Anatolia in the early afternoon , and its effects would have been quite spectacular for Mursili and his men on campaign :	Sing
The eclipse started off in modern-day Brazil in South America and finished in what is now Myanmar ( also known as Burma ) .	Sing
Suppiluliuma died shortly thereafter and his successor was Mursili II ( whose brother would have been Prince Zannanza sent to Egypt where he died ) .	Sing
The Catlins is an American prime-time soap opera on Superstation TBS that ran from April 1 , 1983 , to May 31 , 1985 .	Plur
Minaret Summit receives significant snowfall during the winter .	Sing
We Futurists would be pleased if you would join our fight against obsolete ideas . "	Plur
The mathematical physicist and historian of science Clifford Truesdell , wrote :	Sing
Merwin , Scroti , Toti and Tosti held it freely before 1066 . "	Sing
Another chest is of the 18th or early 19th century .	Sing
In 1907 , his brother , Celestino Rodríguez became senator deputised in the district .	Sing
The lifting factorization leads to the following sequence of filtering steps .	Sing
A lifting modifies biorthogonal filters in order to increase the number of vanishing moments of the resulting biorthogonal wavelets , and hopefully their stability and regularity .	Sing
Excess prolactin may result in a prolactinoma Excess GH results in gigantism , the severity of gigantism depends on whether the epiphyseal plate is open .	Sing
In a 12-season career , Rasmussen posted a 91-77 record with 835 strikeouts and a 4.15 ERA in 1460-2 / 3 innings pitched .	Sing
Towne originally envisioned Cruise in the role of Prefontaine , but it was decided he was too old .	Sing
Each year , the RSA identifies issues by asking the Society 's Fellowship to suggest problems and subjects linked to the Society 's programme .	Sing
Dumbleton , who studied in Paris for a brief time , was not immune to this spell .	Sing
In fact , his compendium " Summa Logica et Philosophiae Naturalis " , has an overview of many principles found in Aristotle 's " Physics " .	Sing
Dumbleton was one of the first to express functional relationships in graphical form .	Sing
In July 1999 , Höglund joined the Toronto Maple Leafs as a free agent .	Sing
After one year with Davos , Höglund went back to Sweden and Färjestads BK .	Sing
Gori ( , " Goris municiṗaliṫeṫi " ) is a district of Georgia , in the region of Shida Kartli .	Sing
Similarly , Reaney gives the surname deriving from the Old French " cotier " " cottager " ( see : villein ) .	Sing
The surname " Cottier " , in some cases , is an Americanized form of the French " Gauthier " .	Sing
Fiber laser can also refer to the machine tool that includes the fiber resonator .	Sing
When linearly polarized light is incident to a piece of weakly birefringent fiber , the polarization of the light will generally become elliptically polarized in the fiber .	Sing
RPM is another coupled-cavity mode-locking technique .	Sing
Graphene is a one-atom-thick planar sheet of sp2-bonded carbon atoms that are densely packed in a honeycomb crystal lattice .	Sing
Due to this special property , graphene has wide application in ultrafast photonics .	Sing
In practice , the modulator can be acousto-optic or electro-optic modulator , Mach-Zehnder integrated-optic modulators , or a semiconductor electro-absorption modulator ( EAM ) .	Sing
Experimentally finding that apart from the bright pulse emission , under appropriate conditions the fiber laser could also emit single or multiple dark pulses .	Sing
With Sofie Formica , Jacobs co-hosted the series " Just Kidding ! "	Sing
" Some CD reissues include the bonus track " Special Interest " " .	Plur
Stricker grew up in a liberal European Jewish household and Phelps converted to Judaism .	Sing
Jodhpur Park is a neighbourhood of south Kolkata , in Kolkata district , West Bengal , India .	Sing
Corinda is a suburb in Brisbane , Australia , located approximately southwest of the Brisbane central business district .	Sing
The lychgate , erected by Angela Francis , dates to 1902 .	Sing
Corinda has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :	Sing
Corinda has two main parks both sharing the same name but separated at either end of the suburb .	Sing
The Chojnice – Runowo Pomorskie railway is a Polish 149-kilometre long railway line , that connects Chojnice with Szczecinek and Runowo Pomorskie .	Sing
Readville is part of the Hyde Park neighborhood of Boston .	Sing
Readville is also home to several light industries .	Sing
Readville has excellent views of Great Blue Hill and the Blue Hills Reservation and has a wetlands area known as Fowl Meadow .	Sing
Readville was also home to the massive New York , New Haven & Hartford Railroad Locomotive and Car Shops , which closed in 1960 .	Sing
Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor runs through Readville on trackage shared with MBTA Commuter operations and CSX freight operations .	Sing
An optical frequency comb is a laser source whose spectrum consists of a series of discrete , equally spaced frequency lines .	Sing
A frequency comb allows a direct link from radio frequency standards to optical frequencies .	Sing
The second harmonic not only has twice the frequency , but also twice the phase .	Sing
The Cerro de los Ángeles ( " Hill of the Angels " ) is a famous hill located in Getafe , Spain , about south of Madrid .	Sing
Symon Gould was the founder of the American Vegetarian Party , formed in 1948 .	Sing
Meher Baba requested that the land for his center in America meet certain criteria .	Sing
Yeronga is a residential suburb of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia located on the Brisbane River south of the Brisbane central business district .	Sing
When local government was established , Yeronga became part of the Stephens Shire Council area .	Sing
Yeronga has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :	Sing
Due to the short time and positional requirements , the maneuver uses a significant amount of fuel and can be difficult to execute successfully .	Sing
Then in 1873 , Regel named a species of Tulip after him , " Tulipa greigii " .	Sing
The Reda is a river in northern Poland in the Pomeranian Voivodship .	Sing
The Reda is 45 km long , and drains about 485 square kilometers .	Sing
The Reda flows through or near these locations :	Sing
Nice has also reactivated the Factory Benelux and Crépuscule labels , for reissues and new releases .	Sing
Darnall DMU Depot was a Traction Maintenance Depot in Darnall , Sheffield , England .	Sing
" Baby Cakes " is the only single by the British garage trio 3 of a Kind .	Plur
" Lola 's Theme " is the debut single by British house duo The Shapeshifters .	Sing
" Lola 's Theme " also topped the American Dance Charts , peaking at number one on the Hot Dance Airplay chart in October 2004 .	Sing
Terrell grew the faux-university 's " enrollment " from the original eight members to well over 150 in the thirty-plus years he ran the phony school .	Sing
Kelly 's Pub , on Webster Street in Chicago , serves as the college 's " campus " since the closing of Maguire 's Pub in 1988 .	Sing
However , Williamson was unable to get into the first team at Southampton .	Sing
Williamson made the number 6 shirt his own from the start of the 2005 – 06 season .	Sing
On 3 December 2010 , Williamson signed a new five-and-a-half-year contract extension with the club , which ran until 2016 .	Sing
However , Williamson immediately picked up an injury of his own which subsequently kept him out for the rest of 2015 – 16 season .	Sing
Williamson said upon signing for Wolves : " I loved my time here so that ’ s why I ’ m here now .	Sing
On 26 July 2017 , Williamson signed for Oxford United of League One , on a one-year deal .	Sing
Other sights worth visiting include the source of the River Chícamo and the mountains of Abanilla and Quibas .	Sing
There is a destroyed medieval enceinte in Abanilla .	Sing
Utpal Dutt led another faction of artists and went to create classics like " Tiner Talowar " and " Kallol " .	Sing
IPTA Mumbai was another offshoot that has existed over the last six decades and continue to produce dramas till date .	Sing
IPTA offshoots exist in other parts of India as well .	Plur
Lewin has illustrated over 100 books for children and young adults in the past 20 years .	Sing
Lewin grew up with the hobby of sketching his family pets .	Sing
In order to finance his education at Pratt , Lewin took on a part-time career as a teenage professional wrestler alongside his brothers .	Sing
Burnell started his career with Bristol City and he became part of the first team squad at Ashton Gate .	Sing
Burnell was also a regular under John Gorman and consequently followed his manager when he left Wycombe to join Northampton Town in July 2006 .	Sing
Burnell signed for Oxford on 1 July 2008 , but in April 2009 it was announced that he no longer had a future at the club .	Sing
Kern and Wodehouse disagreed over money , and the composer decided to move on to other projects .	Sing
Krüger claimed to participate in the Beer Hall Putsch in Munich .	Sing
After he left parliament in 1965 , Krüger worked as a lawyer .	Sing
For sponsored results , the advertiser chooses what to display .	Sing
Intent and expectations have to be derived to determine whether the appropriate result is a match based upon the broader meanings drawn from context .	Sing
Structured data markup helps the Google algorithm to index and understand the content better .	Sing
The sponsored ( creative ) results on Google can cost a large amount of money for advertisers .	Sing
A Biorthogonal wavelet is a wavelet where the associated wavelet transform is invertible but not necessarily orthogonal .	Sing
On the way home , Aunt Zona says " I think your Mr. Forster is really good at heart .	Sing
Srimanta Sankardev transcreated the different sections of the original Bhagavata Purana at different times of his life .	Sing
These culminate in a formal dinner that takes place before Winter Break begins .	Sing
Masi served as the Braves ' backup catcher first to Al López , then Ray Berres , and finally to Ernie Lombardi .	Sing
When Lombardi was traded to the New York Giants in 1943 , Masi became the Braves regular catcher .	Sing
Masi finished the season with a .272 batting average along with 25 doubles , 7 home runs and 46 runs batted in .	Sing
Sain won 20 games in 1946 and led the league with 24 complete games as the Braves improved to a fourth-place finish in the National League standings .	Sing
Indians ' shortstop Lou Boudreau appeared to tag Masi out , but umpire Bill Stewart called him safe .	Sing
When the White Sox acquired a younger Sherm Lollar in 1952 , Masi returned to backup duties before being released at the end of the season .	Sing
Masi returned to the minor leagues in where he helped the Dallas Eagles win the Texas League championship before going on to win the 1953 Dixie Series .	Sing
Masi died on May 29 , in Mount Prospect , Illinois , at the age of 74 .	Sing
On 25 April , Chongzhen Emperor was committed suicide .	Sing
Subsequently , on 25 April of the same year , Yangzhou also fell to the Qing army .	Sing
Prince Dodo of the Qing spared his life and even offered Shi a position .	Sing
Bäckström won his first Stanley Cup with the Capitals in 2018 .	Sing
According to his father , Bäckström " took over a pair of skates " from his older brother Kristoffer at the age of two .	Sing
Bäckström began playing for the local Valbo team when he was four , practicing daily from 5 to 6 p.m. , then from after dinner until midnight .	Sing
As a young player Bäckström focused on the mental part of the game .	Sing
On 21 May 2007 , Bäckström signed a three-year , entry-level contract with the Capitals to begin playing during the 2007 – 08 season .	Sing
On 17 May , shortly after the end of the Capitals ' season , Bäckström signed a ten-year , $ 67 million contract extension with the team .	Sing
At the conclusion of the 2010 – 11 season , Bäckström scored 65 points , his lowest single-season point total in the NHL .	Sing
On 17 April 2012 , Bäckström received a one-game suspension for a cross-check to the head of Boston Bruins forward Rich Peverley .	Sing
During the 2012 – 13 NHL lockout , Bäckström played for Dynamo Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .	Sing
Bäckström later returned to finish third in the NHL with 40 assists during the shortened 2012 – 13 season .	Sing
In his next game , on 30 November , versus the New Jersey Devils , Bäckström scored his second career regular season hat-trick .	Sing
Bäckström played his first game with Sweden on 6 April 2006 , in a game against Norway .	Sing
Bäckström led Sweden in the 2010 Winter Olympics with six points in four games before they were eliminated by Slovakia in the quarterfinals .	Sing
Bäckström and his fiancée , Liza Berg , have two children , a daughter and a son .	Sing
The Digital Audio File marked the end of one era in recording and the beginning of another .	Sing
The phonograph , invented by Thomas Edison in 1877 , could both record sound and play it back .	Sing
A stylus connected to a sound-vibrated diaphragm indented the foil into the groove as the cylinder rotated .	Sing
The crude tinfoil phonograph proved to be of little use except as a novelty .	Sing
Mullin 's tape recorder came along at precisely the right moment .	Sing
Mullin was asked to tape one show as a test and was immediately hired as Crosby 's chief engineer to pre-record the rest of the series .	Sing
The convenience of tape editing and multitrack recording led to the rapid adoption of magnetic tape as the primary technology for commercial musical recordings .	Sing
Successors found use in both professional and consumer formats ; Dolby B became almost universal for prerecorded music on cassette .	Plur
There is usually a flywheel as well to smooth out the film motion to eliminate the flutter that would otherwise result from the negative pulldown mechanism .	Sing
Fingerprints on the film may also produce cracking or interference .	Plur
The analog tape recorder made it possible to erase or record over a previous recording so that mistakes could be fixed .	Sing
Adrian Slack concentrated on mainly Italian opera .	Sing
Connell 's sociology emphasises the historical nature of social reality and the transformative character of social practice .	Sing
Leibniz even had a copy of one of Swineshead 's treatises made from an edition in the Bibliothèque du Roi in Paris .	Sing
Gulberg worked at the Royal Frederick University becoming a college fellow in 1867 and received a professorship in applied mathematics in 1869 .	Sing
Garg distinguishes a Brahmin community who use the " Abhira " name and are found in the present-day states of Maharashtra and Gujarat .	Sing
Bhattacharya considers the Abhira of old to be a race rather than a tribe .	Sing
neighbouring Gurgaon has 106 villages and Noida has around 12 villages .	Sing
Noor Mohammad noted that in Uttar Pradesh that most Ahirs there were vegetarian , with some exceptions who engaged in fishing and raising poultry .	Sing
Mulla Daud , a Sufi Muslim retold the romantic story in writing in the 14th century .	Sing
Gennadiy Sergeyevich Chernovol ( ; born June 6 , 1976 in Russia ) is a former Kazakhstani athlete who competed in the sprints events .	Sing
Orbit produced a remix of the track for the single release .	Sing
A female dancer appears just before the bridge of the song , and at the end Seal holds a dove while snow falls on him .	Sing
British heavy metal band Panic Cell covered the song for their 2010 album " Fire It Up " .	Sing
Eventually , Morissette confronts the man at a party .	Sing
The tulip shown on the flag represents the Dutch , who were early settlers of the area .	Sing
In March 2016 , Oddo created a new flag and new seal for the borough .	Sing
The solid rock hillside salient was impregnable to siege but was problematic for carving out the foundation of a palace .	Sing
The vestibule leading to them emphasizes their complementarity with this inscribed elegiac couplet :	Sing
The Psychedelic Furs is the debut studio album by the English rock band the Psychedelic Furs .	Sing
Nicoletta Baldini describes the hands in this portrait as " vibratile , " a distinction from Michelangelo or Da Vinci .	Sing
The golden bronze casket lid bears an unclothed full-figure rendering of the media mogul with vertical stripes .	Sing
In July 2008 , Bloomfield finally signed a two-year contract extension .	Sing
Recovering from a long-term injury at the time , Wycombe had decided not to offer him a pay rise .	Sing
Bloomfield made his return to league football on 2 December , as part of a 4 – 0 win at home to Macclesfield Town .	Sing
At the end of the 2009 – 10 season , Bloomfield featured heavily in the side that failed to keep Wycombe in League One .	Sing
On 16 July 2013 , Wycombe held Bloomfield 's testimonial against Chelsea , which finished 0 – 5 to Chelsea .	Sing
The likes of John Terry , Branislav Ivanović and José Mourinho were at Adams Park to celebrate the event .	Plur
As of November 2010 , Bloomfield is studying to complete a degree in Professional Sports Writing and Broadcasting at Staffordshire University , alongside former teammate Kevin Betsy .	Sing
Bloomfield regularly writes blogs for the BBC website and has appeared on regional football show " Late Kick Off " .	Sing
Shlomo Benizri ( ; born 7 February 1961 ) is an Israeli politician and member of the Shas party .	Sing
His cellmate from December 7 , 2011 , to his release was former president Moshe Katsav .	Sing
In 1978 / 1979 , The Fast toured the United States .	Sing
Ocasek produced half of their first LP " The Fast For Sale " ( Recca Records ) , which was released in 1980 .	Sing
In 1982 , The Fast went electronic , Paul and Miki tour the U.S. East Coast with two back-up keyboard players .	Sing
After missing pre-season through ankle problems , Stonebridge returned to form with a 35-yard winner against Swindon Town in October 2006 .	Sing
Due to a persistent joint injury named reactive arthropathy , Stonebridge announced his premature retirement from professional football in March 2007 at the age of just 25 .	Sing
From - , Dingman played in the Reds , Yankees , and Cubs organizations , and in Mexico .	Sing
Dingman signed with the Detroit Tigers organization as a minor league free agent before the start of the season .	Sing
Dingman had worked in the construction and roofing industry prior to his baseball career .	Sing
Pallister was centrally involved as a personal libel defendant in the dénouement of Jonathan Aitken , causing Aitken to be convicted and jailed for perjury .	Sing
The carpenter reports to the crew that the boiler room is now two thirds full .	Sing
Swigert served with the CT ANG from April 1960 to October 1965 .	Sing
Antwi left Wycombe on 6 May 2009 and signed for Dagenham and Redbridge on a two-year contract on 17 July .	Sing
Antwi left Dagenham after their relegation from League One in the 2010 – 11 season .	Sing
On 14 February 2012 , Antwi joined Conference South side Staines Town .	Sing
Antwi then agreed to stay on with AFC Wimbledon for the 2013 – 14 season .	Sing
In August 2012 , Antwi began working as a part-time academy coach at Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur .	Sing
In 1812 , Iwan Müller remodeled the instrument and raised the number of keys to 13 .	Sing
In one unfortunate incident , a janitor sold a wagon load of official militia papers as " waste paper . "	Sing
Tunku Abdul Rahman , the first Malayan Prime Minister , suggested the construction of the Houses of Parliament in December 1959 .	Sing
Eland began from an office in Hatt 's attic in a Victorian terraced house at 53 Eland Road in south-west London .	Sing
The market timers then predict that the trend will , more likely than not , continue in the future .	Plur
This dichotomy in the treatment of institutional versus retail clients can potentially be controversial for the brokerages .	Sing
Chien of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis confirms the correlation showing return-chasing behavior .	Sing
Prince Franciszek Sebastian Lubomirski ( died 1699 ) was a Polish noble ( szlachcic ) .	Sing
Lubomirski was the son of Grand Marshal and Hetman Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski and Barbara Tarło .	Sing
These catalysts must be able to react quickly and absorb a large percentage of the incident solar photons .	Plur
Artificial photosynthesis remained an academic field for many years .	Sing
However , these catalysts are still very inefficient .	Plur
Hydrogen is the simplest solar fuel to synthesize , since it involves only the transference of two electrons to two protons .	Sing
The proton-to-hydrogen converting catalysts present in nature are hydrogenases .	Plur
Other catalysts are not structural mimics of hydrogenase but rather functional ones .	Plur
Synthesized catalysts include structural H-cluster models , a dirhodium photocatalyst , and cobalt catalysts .	Plur
Other noble metal-containing complexes used include ones with platinum , rhodium and iridium .	Sing
Gion Calzaferri ( 2009 ) describes one such antenna that uses zeolite L as a host for organic dyes , to mimic plant 's light collecting systems .	Sing
Some nanomaterials employed are fullerenes ( such as carbon nanotubes ) , a strategy that explores the pi-bonding properties of these materials .	Plur
In natural photosynthesis , the NADP coenzyme is reducible to NADPH through binding of a proton and two electrons .	Sing
The coenzyme is recyclable in a natural photosynthetic cycle , but this process is yet to be artificially replicated .	Sing
Kalman observes that , according to the concept of atomism , fundamental building blocks of nature are indivisible bits of matter that are ungenerated and indestructible .	Sing
For instance , the SM generally predicts equal amounts of matter and antimatter in the universe .	Sing
All leptons and all flavours of quarks are three-rishon ordered triplets .	Plur
Modern or Demotic Greek was the version commonly spoken .	Sing
In what became known as the National Schism , Venizelos established a parallel government in Thessaloniki in opposition to Constantine .	Sing
Venizelos held power and the supporters of the deposed king were arrested or executed .	Sing
The wound became infected and Alexander developed septicemia .	Sing
Britt Lundberg ( born April 19 , 1963 ) is a politician in the Åland Islands , an autonomous and unilingually Swedish territory of Finland .	Sing
OTS is highly competitive , with selection rates varying dependent on the needs of the Air Force .	Sing
Military bearing includes the ability to write and verbally brief , lead the flight , and perform duties within the Cadet Wing .	Sing
Konstantin 's heavy workload , and the couple 's divergent political views and interests had over the years slowly torn away at their relationship .	Sing
His grand-nephew Cyril Vladimirovich remembered skating parties at Pavlovsk , where Konstantin would watch from his sledge , and how he always " smelt of cigars " .	Sing
The straight-6 was similar in design to previous sixes .	Sing
Like other Pontiac engines of the era , the OHC 6 was not available in Canada with the exception of the Sprint version of the Firebird .	Sing
Designed and priced for conservative lower middle class buyers , the Pontiacs filled a slot between the popular Chevrolet and the higher priced Oldsmobiles and Buicks .	Plur
The long crankshaft tends to exhibit torsional vibration modes under high power , while side-valve flathead engines inhibit smooth intake and exhaust gas flow , limiting power .	Sing
Hødd also offers several other sports , including handball and rhythmic gymnastics .	Sing
The WSF incorporated a Durban-based collective which published the journal " Freedom " .	Sing
In 1999 , for a range of reasons , the WSF dissolved .	Sing
The United States Space Surveillance Network detects , tracks , catalogs and identifies artificial objects orbiting Earth , e.g .	Plur
Space surveillance accomplishes the following :	Sing
At the same time , DOD designated the Aerospace Defense Command ( ADCOM ) , formerly Air Defense Command , as the prime user of spacetrack data .	Sing
A new S-band Space Fence is under construction at Kwajalein Atoll .	Sing
Steering was mechanical ; the FPS-79 had a range of .	Sing
The SSN has been tracking space objects since 1957 when the Soviet Union opened the space age with the launch of Sputnik I .	Sing
Since then , the SSN has tracked more than 39,000 space objects orbiting Earth .	Sing
Ground-based Electro-Optical Deep Space Surveillance , or GEODSS , is an optical system that uses telescopes , low-light level TV cameras , and computers .	Sing
Moron Optical Space Surveillance ( MOSS ) , a transportable 22-inch aperture telescope that contributed to the GEODSS system was operational at Morón Air Base , Spain	Sing
The Canadian military satellite Sapphire , launched in 2013 , also contributes data to the SSN .	Sing
There was a large , highly publicized dragnet in Boston after the 2013 marathon race bombing .	Sing
Following his retirement from government , Reade engaged in banking in Raleigh , where he died in 1894 .	Sing
Petermann is a lunar impact crater that is located near the northern limb of the Moon , on the eastern hemisphere .	Sing
A public lecture is one means employed for educating the public in the arts and sciences .	Sing
Besides public lectures , public autopsies have been important in promoting knowledge of medicine .	Plur
Heth was a woman whom Barnum had been featuring as being over 160 years old .	Sing
In 1906 – 07 , Union Saint-Gilloise won their fourth consecutive title as RC de Bruxelles had from 1899 – 1900 to 1902 – 03 .	Sing
Only Union Saint-Gilloise could face them in that period , winning the 1912 – 13 championship with a better goal difference .	Sing
In the domestic league , Anderlecht won their 20th title in 1986 – 87 , which was also the 4th of the decade .	Sing
Club Brugge and Standard each won 2 titles in the 1980s and KSK Beveren and KV Mechelen one each .	Sing
In the home league , RSC Anderlecht took 4 titles during the decade , while Club Brugge cemented their status as main contender with 4 titles .	Sing
In the league , RSC Anderlecht won 5 titles in the decade , with Club Brugge claiming two titles and Racing Genk taking their second title .	Sing
RSC Anderlecht won the first championship in this new format , which was their 30th title .	Sing
After another two titles for Anderlecht , KAA Gent was the surprise winner of the Championship in 2015 .	Sing
RSC Anderlecht won the first championship in this new format , the Belgian Pro League 2009-10 , which was their 30th Belgian championship .	Sing
RTBF and VRT thus received the rights to show summaries of first division games , as well as rights to a weekly magazine on the competition .	Sing
However , Chalk was reluctant to tour so his friend Jason Peppiatt ( ex-Born Headless ) was recruited to sing vocals .	Sing
Following this , disharmony within the band saw Chalk leave Psycroptic , and Peppiatt replace him permanently .	Sing
Since his departure from Psycroptic , Chalk has continued to play drums with M.S.I .	Sing
The author Christian Gottfried Körner had a cottage within the vineyards , where his guest Friedrich Schiller wrote the " Ode to Joy " in 1785 .	Sing
The " Dresden balcony " offers a panoramic view of the city and the Elbe valley .	Sing
A famous inhabitant of Weißer Hirsch was the inventor Manfred von Ardenne with his institute for scientific research .	Sing
Redden rose to chair the North Carolina Democratic Party executive committee from 1942 to 1944 .	Sing
Redden retired from Congress in 1952 and returned to his law practice .	Sing
Redden died in his hometown of Hendersonville in 1987 .	Sing
" The Aviator " won the most awards of the night with five .	Sing
The telecast garnered over 42 million viewers in the United States .	Sing
Best Actor winner Jamie Foxx became the second actor and tenth individual overall to earn two acting nominations in the same year .	Sing
Political blogger Matt Drudge later reported that several anonymous AMPAS members wanted Rock fired from his hosting job as a result of the comments .	Sing
Furthermore , Wolk dismissed any controversy regarding Rock 's comments and that Drudge exaggerated the host 's comments .	Sing
After bankruptcy the Frisco emerged as the St. Louis and San Francisco Railroad , incorporated on June 29 , 1896 , which also went bankrupt .	Sing
The Frisco merged into the Burlington Northern Railroad on November 21 , 1980 .	Sing
In some cases the Frisco was a creditor .	Sing
Denner is a discount supermarket chain in Switzerland .	Sing
As of 2014 , Denner has 797 stores ( 491 own stores and 306 running as franchise ) and a revenue of 3.2 billion CHF .	Sing
Denner is the second largest wine-seller in Switzerland .	Sing
Unlike the American EAS , however , broadcast of the EPWS was not mandatory on radio and television stations .	Sing
Glendale is a neighborhood in the west-central portion of the New York City borough of Queens .	Sing
Glendale quickly became almost encircled by cemeteries being located in what is called the " Cemetery Belt " .	Sing
Schooley laid out streets and divided his property into 469 lots , measuring , which he then sold off for $ 300 each .	Plur
Ridgewood and Glendale disassociated themselves from Bushwick in 1979 .	Sing
Compared to most other Queens neighborhoods , Glendale is long and narrow since it is essentially sandwiched by cemeteries and Forest Park .	Sing
Like most of Glendale , Evergreen is relatively flat .	Sing
The bandstand is now for public use .	Sing
Dry Harbor Playground , at Myrtle Avenue and 80th Street , opened in 1934 .	Sing
Glendale is home to eight schools : P.S .	Sing
His charitable outreach towards others knew no bounds for he identified with and aided the poor and ill from his childhood .	Sing
Frassati 's inclinations to help others had manifested in his childhood .	Plur
SUPERWAVE P8 is an example of a software synthesizer inspired by the architecture of the JP-8000 , with its multiple sawtooth oscillators .	Sing
The engine lubrication is a dry sump type , cooled by a single water pump .	Sing
Similar to the 2011 change for Formula 1 , Pirelli is now the sole tyre supplier for the series .	Sing
Brembo supplies monobloc brake calipers and disc bells , which are exclusive to GP2 Series .	Sing
Davide Valsecchi ( DAMS ) won the title by 25 points from Arden 's Luiz Razia , with Lotus GP 's Esteban Gutiérrez third .	Sing
Jolyon Palmer won the title in Sochi driving for DAMS .	Sing
Stoffel Vandoorne , driving for ART Grand Prix , finished runner-up in Abu Dhabi .	Sing
Stoffel Vandoorne won the title in Sochi driving for ART Grand Prix .	Sing
RAI broadcasts only the races .	Sing
Formula One pundit Will Buxton provided commentary for the UK broadcast until he departed at the end of the 2014 season and was succeeded by Alex Jacques .	Sing
Knitting and crochet are common methods of twisting and shaping the yarn into garments or fabric .	Sing
There is also a persistent archetype , which involved a hero 's quest .	Sing
Fulk Fitzwarin , an outlaw in King John 's day , has his historical background a minor thread in the episodic stream of romantic adventures .	Sing
Morgan le Fay never loses her name , but in " Le Morte d 'Arthur " , she studies magic rather than being inherently magical .	Sing
Queen Elizabeth I 's Accession Day tilts , for instance , drew freely on the multiplicity of incident from romances for the knights ' disguises .	Plur
The Jade Bight ( or " Jade Bay " ; ) is a bight or bay on the North Sea coast of Germany .	Sing
After World War II , Wilhelmshaven became the main German port for the import of petrol .	Sing
Adalimumab , an antibody to TNF alpha , was the world 's first fully human antibody , which achieved annual sales exceeding $ 1bn .	Sing
In five out of six occasions , pVII and pIX fusions without pelB was more efficient than pIII fusions in affinity selection assays .	Plur
Mui died of cervical cancer , which was proven to be genetic as Anita would later died for the same reason .	Sing
In June 1965 , Warnke graduated from Rim of the World High School in Lake Arrowhead .	Sing
On June 2 , 1966 , Warnke enlisted in the United States Navy .	Sing
According to the account of his life in " The Satan Seller " , Warnke converted to Christianity during navy boot camp .	Sing
Warnke also wrote that he began dating fellow Rim of the World High School alumna , Sue Studer , during this time period .	Sing
In 1967 , Warnke completed naval corpsman training , returned to San Diego , and married Studer .	Sing
Warnke says it was the latter wound for which he was awarded the Purple Heart .	Sing
Warnke returned to the United States in 1970 .	Sing
Warnke and Cerullo toured the country participating in charismatic revival meetings .	Sing
Cerullo wanted to write a book about youth occultism , and assigned the writing task to David Balsiger with help from Warnke .	Sing
In early 1972 , Warnke requested and received an early discharge from the navy as a conscientious objector so that he could work full-time in the ministry .	Sing
Warnke then left Cerullo 's ministry to start his own , forbidding Cerullo to use any of his material .	Sing
In fewer than three months after the release , " The Satan Seller " had become a religious best-seller .	Sing
In 1974 , Warnke moved his family to attend Trinity Bible College in Tulsa , Oklahoma , as a nine-month preparation for ministry .	Sing
Coady ordained Warnke as a deacon .	Sing
Later that same year , despite interventions from pastors and other acclaimed ministers , Warnke left his wife for Alberty and filed for divorce .	Sing
In 1977 , Warnke released his second album , " Jester In The King 's Court " .	Sing
In 1978 , Warnke recounted his Vietnam experiences on his third album , " Hey , Doc ! " .	Sing
During a tour to Hazard , Kentucky , Warnke met Rose Hall , a thrice-divorced mother of three children .	Sing
At this time , Warnke began courting Hall while still married to his second wife .	Sing
Warnke also made a VHS home video , " Do You Hear Me ? "	Sing
During the 1980s , Warnke 's ministry prospered , as Warnke and his new wife toured and performed together , raising millions of dollars for their ministry .	Sing
In 1982 , Warnke began to exaggerate his achievements .	Sing
In " The Satan Seller " , Warnke says he was wounded twice while in Vietnam .	Sing
On May 16 , 1985 , Warnke appeared in a prime-time news report about Satanism on ABC 's " 20 / 20 " .	Sing
The previous year , Cornerstone had debunked Lauren Stratford 's story that had been recounted in " Satan 's Underground " .	Sing
Stratford claimed her deep involvement in Satanism led her to partake in a ritual in which her own child was sacrificed .	Sing
After the exposé showed Stratford 's alleged child had never existed , Cornerstone journalists Mike Hertenstein and Jon Trott investigated Warnke and his life .	Sing
In June 1992 , at the annual Christian Booksellers Association convention , " Cornerstone " revealed its story .	Sing
Warnke sent a response to " Cornerstone " , published in July , insisting he told the truth , stating :	Sing
In 1997 , Warnke suffered a heart attack .	Sing
In 1445 , Herceg Stjepan ceded the Upper Zeta and the Medun fortress to despot Đurađ .	Sing
Calculation from this value will eventually give the distance from the base of the object to the eye-line of the observer .	Sing
Chlorine trifluoride is an interhalogen compound with the formula ClF .	Sing
" Erythronium " , commonly called Trout Lily , have white stolons growing from the bulb .	Sing
" Convolvulus arvensis " is a weed species in agriculture that spreads by under ground stolons that produce rhizomes .	Sing
Some bryozoans form colonies through connection of individual units by stolons .	Plur
Chamoli hosts a variety of destinations of pilgrim and tourists ' interest .	Sing
Chamoli also happened to be a birthplace of " Chipko movement " .	Sing
After this ethicist of vaidic cult started to pilgrim Badrinath .	Sing
Harikrishna Raturi , king Bhanu pratap was the first ruler of Panwar dynasty in garhwal who founded chanpur-Garhi as his capital .	Sing
Chamoli has a sex ratio of 1021 females for every 1000 males , and a literacy rate of 83.48 % .	Sing
The Magnesium carbonate found here is also of average quality and its mineralisation has also been reported to occur in the district .	Sing
Snow accumulation in valleys is considerable .	Sing
The Alaknanda originates at a height of 3641 meters below Balakun peak 16 km .	Sing
upstream from Badrinath form the two glaciers of Bhagirath Kharak and Satopanth .	Sing
The usual wear for the men are pyjamas , shirt , coat and cap .	Sing
" Ram Navami " falls on the ninth day of the bright half of Chaitra to celebrate the birthday of Rama .	Sing
Nanda Devi Raj Jat – Nanda Raj Jat , the big pilgrimage of Nandadevi , is unique to Chamoli .	Sing
Traditionally the Kunwar comes to Nauti to seek the blessing of the Devi to organize the Jat .	Sing
A four horned ram takes birth in Kasuwa area thereafter .	Sing
Accordingly , the Kunwar reaches Nauti with the four horned ram and ringal-umbrella .	Sing
The Raj Jat starts on the long round-trek of about 280 km .	Sing
Approaching 59th Street – Columbus Circle , where Central Park West becomes Eighth Avenue , the subway again spreads out into a single four-track level .	Sing
Kalyanji started his career as a musician , with a new electronic instrument called the clavioline .	Sing
Both Kalyanji and Anandji worked as music composers for over 250 films , 17 of which were golden jubilees and 39 silver .	Sing
Laxmikant Pyarelal worked as music assistants to Kalyanji Anandji before composing Music independently for Hindi films .	Sing
On 24 August 2000 , Kalyanji breathed his last .	Sing
Rickard de Bermingham and William Liath de Burgh led an Anglo-Irish force to victory .	Sing
Though various Uí Chonchobair were " Rí Connacht " till 1477 , prospective recovery of the overkingdom died with Fedlimid at Athenry .	Sing
Wolcott is the cultural critic for " Vanity Fair " and contributes to " The New Yorker " .	Sing
Wolcott wrote a novel , " The Catsitters " , published in 2001 .	Sing
In 2015 and 2016 , Wolcott made 14 donations to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and one $ 200 donation to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee .	Sing
The final Bozo television taping was the " Bozo : 40 Years of Fun ! "	Sing
WGN-TV 's Bozo returned to the airwaves on a two-hour retrospective titled " " on December 24 , 2005 .	Sing
In July , 2010 Picador released a paperback edition .	Sing
The median foramen on axial images is posterior to the pons and anterior to the caudal cerebellum .	Plur
Dione 's other co-orbital moon is Helene , which is bigger and located at the leading L4 point .	Sing
Outram became a leading advocate in the construction of tramways using L-section rails , which along with the wagons were manufactured at his Butterley Ironworks .	Sing
Outram was the consulting engineer for the construction of the Huddersfield Narrow Canal , which included the pioneering Standedge Canal Tunnel .	Sing
The dusty halo seen in images is sizeable , being around 2000 km in lengthwise extent .	Sing
Virginia G. Madsen ( born September 11 , 1961 ) is an American actress and producer .	Sing
Madsen is a graduate of New Trier High School in Winnetka , Illinois .	Sing
Madsen later attended the Ted Liss Acting Studio in Chicago , and Harand Camp Adult Theater Seminar in Elkhart Lake , Wisconsin .	Sing
Madsen made her film debut when she was 22 , acting in a bit part she landed as Lisa in the teen sex comedy " Class " .	Sing
Madsen appeared in a small role in the Francis Ford Coppola drama " The Rainmaker " ( 1997 ) starring Matt Damon .	Sing
Madsen had a critically acclaimed performance as a supporting actress in " Sideways " ( 2004 ) , directed by Alexander Payne .	Sing
In 1988 , Madsen appeared as Maddie Hayes ' cousin in the final season of the ABC drama series " Moonlighting " .	Sing
In 2013 , Madsen began appearing on Lifetime 's " Witches of East End " as Penelope Gardiner , the main villainess of the first season .	Sing
Madsen was formerly in a long-term relationship with Antonio Sabàto Jr . , with whom she had one son , Jack Antonio ( born 1994 ) .	Sing
The conservatory is at the north end of the complex between the carriage house and the Barton House .	Sing
The pergola runs from the entrance hall of the Martin House to the entrance of the conservatory , and is about 100 ft ( 30m ) long .	Sing
As of the 2018 election , the Penobscots haven 't returned to the House , leaving just the Passamaquoddy Representative , Rena Newell .	Sing
In the 2006 elections , Eder lost his seat to a Democratic challenger .	Sing
Red bean is a common name for several plants and may refer to :	Sing
Eerie Von ( born Eric Stellmann ; August 25 , 1964 ) is a musician best known as the original bassist for the metal band Danzig .	Sing
Eerie Von began playing the drums and taking lessons at 8 years old .	Sing
Eerie Von became interested in photography in 1978 .	Sing
Eerie Von was once asked to join the Misfits as a drummer , but declined , choosing to remain with Rosemary 's Babies .	Sing
After the Misfits broke up , Eerie Von and Glenn Danzig discussed forming a new band and began rehearsing together .	Sing
Eerie Von currently works as a solo performer .	Sing
Eerie Von also formed the short-lived blues rock band , Bighouse , along with former Danzig soundman Rick Dittamo .	Sing
Eerie Von has had much underground success with his " Fiend Art " , which showcases his disturbing themes on canvas .	Sing
The competition culminates on the third or fourth Sunday in September with the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final .	Plur
Since then Ulster has produced more All-Ireland winning teams than any other province .	Sing
The Euphronios krater is an apparent example that has come to light .	Sing
Under original timetables , Centaur was to make its first flight in January 1961 , but months slipped by .	Sing
Because the problem of jettisoning the insulation panels had still not been solved , Abe Silverstein ordered them simply bolted to the side of the Centaur .	Sing
The ultimate fix to the panel problem added more weight to Centaur , further dropping its payload capacity .	Sing
The Centaur tumbled and lost thrust .	Sing
In addition , the booster carried the operational model of the MA-5 engines with uprated thrust for the first time .	Sing
Investigation showed that the lanyard was not only inadequately designed , it was an off-the-shelf component designed for marine equipment and not rockets or aircraft .	Sing
Debris rained out of the clouds onto the pad area .	Sing
Bad Kissingen is a spa town in the Bavarian region of Lower Franconia and seat of the district Bad Kissingen .	Sing
Bad Kissingen was one of the leading spas in the 19th and early 20th century , which in German are called " Weltbad " .	Sing
Bad Kissingen boasts a large number of sports clubs and types of sports :	Sing
Bainbridge Township may refer to the following places in the United States :	Sing
However , in 2002 Chopper returned to the group again , making it a four-member group once more .	Sing
Muvattupuzha is a prominent old town in the midlands directly to the east of Kochi .	Sing
Muvattupuzha is a municipality in the eastern side of Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala .	Sing
Muvattupuzha lies on the intersection between M C Road and National Highway 49 , about 42 km from district capital Ernakulam .	Sing
Muvattupuzha was part of the Vadakkumkoor Kingdom until it was captured by the Travancore Kingdom .	Sing
Muvattupuzha , as a village union , came under the control of a council of three members nominated by the Government .	Sing
Muvattupuzha made history as the first Municipality where the Communist Party came to power in a general election .	Sing
As of 2001 India census , Muvattupuzha had a population of 29,230 .	Sing
Muvattupuzha is the seat of Muvattupuzha diocese of Malankara Jacobite Syriac Orthodox Church and Kandanad East diocese of Orthodox .	Sing
While , Muvattupuzha and nearby areas are less hilly and fertile .	Sing
Muvattupuzha , thus have vast flat lands and paddy fields spread even up to 30km to the east till Vannappuram .	Sing
Muvattupuzha is one of the 140 legislative assembly constituencies of Kerala state .	Sing
before Kothamangalam and Thodupuzha evolved as prominent hill produce market , Muvattupuzha was the old centre owing to the connectivity through the river .	Sing
Nehru Park , Velloorkunnam and Vazhappilly are to the north of the bridge .	Sing
Muvattupuzha has a rich cultural tradition .	Sing
Muvattupuzha FC is the only Kerala Football Association affiliated football club in Muvattupuzha taluk .	Sing
Arguably , Muvattupuzha is the biggest junction in Kerala as far as number of highways and roads joining the town .	Sing
Muvattupuzha was an important commercial centre and a prominent town until about 1975 .	Sing
Five decades back , Muvattupuzha boasted 5 theatres .	Sing
Muvattupuzha is a part of Central Kerala .	Sing
A Muvattupuzha – Kakkanad – Palarivattom four-lane highway project is at discussion levels .	Sing
GMC shared some engines with other General Motors divisions .	Sing
But like their straight-6 , GMC also has its own line of V8 engines .	Sing
For 1958 , GMC reduced the bore of Pontiac 's to 3.875 in ( 98.4 mm ) , resulting in a displacement of .	Sing
From 1955 through 2003 , GMC shared Chevrolet 's small-block V8 .	Sing
Beginning in 2001 , GMC offered the same Duramax turbocharged diesel V8 engines as were available in similar Chevrolet trucks .	Sing
" The Second Snark " is a small vessel , with a passenger capacity of 48 .	Sing
GMC produced a 60 ° V8 with a single cam shaft using the same general layout ( bore and stroke ) as the 478 V6 .	Sing
GMC also made a B , C , D and E version of the 305 v6 .	Sing
Net power was 170 hp at 3600 RPM and 266 Ft. pounds torque at 1600 .	Sing
In England , Arteta blossomed as a direct , attacking midfielder , gaining plaudits for his potent creativity and passing range .	Sing
After retiring , Arteta transitioned into coaching , and was appointed as joint-assistant coach at Manchester City .	Sing
Arteta left for the FC Barcelona B squad at 15 years of age while Alonso signed for Real Sociedad later .	Sing
Despite his potential Arteta failed to break into the first team , and went out on loan to French club Paris Saint-Germain in December 2000 .	Sing
PSG wanted to keep Arteta at the end of the loan period , and did have a ' buy first ' option .	Sing
Arteta signed for Scottish club Rangers in March 2002 in a £ 6 million transfer deal .	Sing
Arteta signed with Arsenal on 31 August 2011 on a four-year deal for a reported fee of £ 10 million .	Sing
Arteta became Arsenal 's new club captain ahead of the 2014-15 season .	Sing
Arteta came on as a substitute and forced Aston Villa goalkeeper Mark Bunn into scoring an own goal after his shot went off the crossbar .	Sing
Arteta was eligible for the Spanish national team .	Sing
Arteta returned to his original deeper midfield role at Arsenal , particularly after the sale of Alex Song to Barcelona in 2012 .	Sing
Arteta is multilingual , speaking fluent Spanish , Basque , Catalan and English .	Sing
Pepé Le Pew is a character from the Warner Bros. " Looney Tunes " and " Merrie Melodies " series of cartoons , first introduced in 1945 .	Sing
" " , " " My sweet peanut of brittle " " , " " Come to me , my little melon-baby collie ! " "	Sing
Pepé Le Pew made a cameo in a " MetLife " commercial in 2012 titled , " Everyone " .	Sing
Pepé Le Pew has appeared in " " voiced by Jeff Bergman .	Sing
Mowbray prosecuted his feuds with vigour , often taking the law into his own hands .	Sing
Eventually Mowbray drifted towards York , with whom he shared an enmity towards de la Pole .	Sing
In April 1461 , Mowbray was instrumental in Edward 's victory at the Battle of Towton , bringing reinforcements late in the combat .	Sing
As a young adult , Mowbray appears to have been raucous and troublesome , and surrounded himself with equally unruly followers .	Sing
On his father 's death in 1432 , Mowbray inherited the office of Earl Marshal , but not yet his father 's lands or titles .	Sing
In July 1433 Mowbray presented a petition to Parliament ( receiving special permission to attend as a minor ) .	Sing
Mowbray — " in a rather remarkable decision , " says Archer — lost the case .	Sing
Maltravers , though , died in May 1435 and so was never summoned to parliament under his new title .	Plur
In August 1436 Mowbray accompanied the Duke of Gloucester on a campaign to relieve Calais , then under siege by Philip the Good , Duke of Burgundy .	Sing
On 13 September that year , Mowbray received livery of his inheritance , and immediately began a busy period devoted to royal service .	Sing
Mowbray returned to Calais and Guînes in 1438 , leading an expedition to strengthen their defenses as Burgundy still presented a threat .	Sing
Possibly Mowbray disapproved of royal foreign policy , which was then aimed at making peace with the French .	Sing
For much of the 1430s , Mowbray had problems in East Anglia , where the bulk of his estates now lay .	Sing
Mowbray had enough political clout in the 1430s to control parliamentary representation in Suffolk , but the local importance of the duke weakened his grasp .	Sing
Mowbray clashed with de la Pole , and committed many illegalities doing so .	Sing
Within a couple of years , Mowbray could not protect his retainers as he had previously done .	Sing
In 1440 , Mowbray was able to influence the Exchequer to quash Wingfield 's fines ; but Mowbray 's success was fleeting .	Sing
In 1443 Mowbray and Wingfield fell out over Hoo manor .	Sing
Wingfield deserted Mowbray in light of the continuing attacks over Hoo , and offered a bounty of 500 marks for the head of a Mowbray retainer .	Sing
In November 1443 Mowbray was bound over for £ 2,000 to keep the peace with Wingfield and instructed to appear before the royal council the following April .	Sing
On 18 June 1446 Mowbray oversaw the presentment of an Ipswich jury to examine the murder , but the case stalled .	Sing
The arbitration did not resolve their feud , and in 1447 Wingfield returned to the attack .	Sing
Wingfield was then committed to Melton gaol , but three hours later Brandon broke him out of prison .	Sing
Mowbray successfully applied to Chancery for letters patent ordering Brandon and Wingfield to not come within 7 miles ( 11 km ) of Mowbray .	Sing
Mowbray requested that a commission of oyer and terminer be organised to investigate Wingfield and Brandon , which was issued in late December 1447 .	Sing
Mowbray also forced the gaoler of Bury St Edmunds to release a man charged with murder into Mowbray 's custody .	Sing
Mowbray spent much of the early 1450s hunting down de la Pole 's affinity .	Sing
Mowbray was unsuccessful in influencing local commissions and in nominating parliamentary candidates for shire elections .	Sing
Even so , Mowbray was part of a major royal army which eventually defeated the rebels .	Sing
Mowbray managed to avoid involvement in the fighting , even though , as Earl Marshal , his heralds were used during negotiations between the two camps .	Sing
Salisbury won that battle but was defeated soon after with the Duke of York at the Battle of Ludford .	Sing
The Yorkists escaped into exile .	Plur
Mowbray had taken neither side , but with the Yorkists exiled , when a parliament was called at Coventry , Mowbray attended .	Sing
The Nevilles returned to England in June 1460 .	Plur
Mowbray remained in London with Salisbury 's and York 's sons , the Earls of Warwick and March .	Sing
York Rutland and Salisbury , died in or soon after the battle .	Sing
Mowbray , Warwick and his brother John Neville , Lord Montagu , marched north to intercept the approaching Lancastrians .	Sing
Mowbray brought King Henry with them .	Sing
Mowbray and Warwick abandoned the King to his wife and her supporters , and retreated to London before the victorious Lancastrian army could reach the city .	Sing
Mowbray seems to have recruited successfully ; one of the Paston letters mentions that " every town hath waged and sent forth . "	Sing
Mowbray arrived late but at a crucial point of the battle .	Sing
A contemporary chronicler described the situation thus	Sing
Mowbray launched a decisive attack on the Lancastrian flank , turning them left .	Sing
Mowbray did not live long enough to benefit from the Yorkist victory .	Sing
Mowbray married Eleanor Bourchier , daughter of William Bourchier , Count of Eu , and Anne of Gloucester , Countess of Buckingham .	Sing
Mowbray appears in the episode " Edward IV " portrayed by David Hargreaves .	Sing
Rudolph Fiehler noted how Blague 's service to the duke was very much based upon the unsavoury characteristics of " cowardice , poaching and thievery " .	Sing
" Berlingske " is Denmark 's oldest continually operating newspaper , and among the oldest newspapers in the world .	Sing
Mendel Levin Nathanson twice served as the editor-in-chief of the paper : between 1838 and 1858 and between 1866 and 1868 .	Sing
" Berlingske " has won many awards .	Sing
In 1910 " Berlingske Tidende " had a circulation of 8,500 copies .	Sing
The Rebel was a Rambler with a V-8 ( and necessary mods such as stronger front springs and rear axle ) .	Sing
The basic 343 / 2V produced and was built from 1967 through 1969 .	Sing
A dealer could stock one or two blocks to use for warranty replacement .	Sing
The most common agrochemicals include pesticides and fertilizers .	Plur
However , agrochemicals are not completely inefficient .	Plur
Charlestown is a small town situated at the top of Laing 's Nek pass in KwaZulu-Natal , South Africa between Newcastle and Volksrust .	Sing
In 2005 EMI released a CD of their first two studio albums and made a new new set of recordings at Abbey Road .	Sing
The crack is usually discernible with the valve cover removed as a " milky " tan line .	Sing
Soused herring is raw herring soaked in a mild preserving liquid .	Sing
The brine used for Dutch soused herring has a much lower salt content and is much milder in taste than the German Loggermatjes .	Sing
The soused herrings are silvery outside and pink inside when fresh , and should not be bought if they appear grey and oily .	Plur
Whereas salt herrings have a salt content of 20 % and must be soaked in water before consumption , soused herrings do not need soaking .	Plur
Isley began singing at the age of two , winning a $ 25 war bond for singing at a spiritual contest at the Union Baptist Church .	Plur
By the mid-1970s , Isley was living in Teaneck , New Jersey .	Sing
In 2010 , Isley received a " Legend Award " at the Soul Train Music Awards .	Sing
In 1993 , Isley married singer Angela Winbush in Los Angeles , California .	Plur
When Winbush received chemotherapy following her ovarian cancer diagnosis , Isley was by her side giving her his support in her recovery .	Sing
Isley has older children with various women , including daughters Tawanna and Trenisha .	Sing
In 2004 , while in London , Isley suffered a mild stroke , which halted an Isley Brothers tour there .	Sing
Isley still resides in St. Louis .	Sing
Mandel announced his candidacy for the leadership of the Alberta Party on January 10 , 2018 .	Sing
Mandel owns the Strathcona County ’ s Lakeland Village mobile home park .	Sing
Mandel was active with promoting the city 's arts and festival scene .	Sing
Mandel credits his successes to the hard work and spirit of cooperation of his council .	Sing
Mandel resigned as Mayor of Edmonton on October 29 , 2013 .	Sing
Mandel started the first Mayor Pride Brunch , in 2005 .	Sing
Mandel proclaimed a week in April 2013 as Transgender Awareness week to bring awareness of the challenges Transgender Edmontonians face such as violence .	Sing
In 2013 , Mandel created the ' Ambassador of the Arts Award ' awarded at the gala .	Sing
Mandel proclaimed the Edmonton Public Library 's centennial anniversary to be ' Edmonton Public Library Day ' issuing free library membership .	Sing
Mandel announced his candidacy for the leadership of the Alberta Party on January 10 , 2018 .	Sing
Naor Gilon ( hebrew : נאור גילאון ) is the former Ambassador of Israel to Italy and to San Marino ( Feb 2012 - Aug 2016 ) .	Sing
At Triple-A Rochester , Murtaugh hit .322 and his 174 hits were tied for first in the International League .	Sing
Overall , Murtaugh was a .254 career lifetime batter with 661 hits , eight home runs and 219 RBI in 767 games .	Sing
In his first full season , , Murtaugh led the Pirates to a surprise second-place finish in the National League .	Sing
Just two months after his retirement , Murtaugh died in Chester from a stroke at age 59 .	Sing
Bodmer developed models for population genetics and worked on the human leukocyte antigen system and the use of somatic cell hybrids for human linkage studies .	Sing
Bodmer was one of the first to suggest the idea of the Human Genome Project .	Sing
Bodmer said " Our aim is to characterise the genetic make-up of the British population and relate this to the historical and archaeological evidence . "	Sing
Bodmer has won numerous awards including :	Sing
In 1956 Walter Bodmer married Julia Bodmer ( née Pilkington ) 1934 – 2001 ; she also became a well-known geneticist .	Sing
PPK ( ) was a Russian trance duo that was based primarily in Rostov-on-Don .	Sing
The name ' PPK ' is the abbreviation of founding members ' initials ; K was for short-time member DJ Kordj ( Roman Korzhov ) .	Sing
PPK became known internationally due to their single " ResuRection " , which was available to download for free on mp3.com .	Sing
Web callback is a technology where a person can enter his or her telephone number in a form on a web site .	Sing
Only hindsight can fully reveal the endpoint and all of the developments that led up to it .	Sing
Many Northerners were shocked and realized that the war was going to be much lengthier and bloodier than they had anticipated .	Plur
Polk followed this by moving through the Cumberland Gap and occupying parts of southeastern Kentucky .	Sing
Beauregard disagreed with his strategy and instead planned to drive the enemy back toward the river .	Sing
Gettysburg was the first major defeat suffered by Lee .	Sing
Mikołaj Spytek Ligęza ( c . 1562 – 1637 ) was a Polish – Lithuanian noble ( szlachcic ) .	Sing
Fueled by visitors from Kalachinsk arriving by " elektrichkas " ( trains ) to Omsk , the Omsk open-air flea markets thrived here .	Sing
Gilroy also stated that he didn 't rule out a future return by Damon or Greengrass .	Sing
Siv ( Ylva Lööf ) is so obsessed with morality that she cannot enjoy herself .	Sing
In April 2006 Babyshambles went on tour without Walden who was accused of assaulting his girlfriend , arrested and spent nine days in Pentonville prison .	Sing
With a 50 % duty cycle each rectangular pulse is only at a positive voltage for half of the bit period .	Sing
Valentinian appointed Fraomar as chieftain of the Bucinobantes , but they refused to accept the appointment .	Sing
Bem had returned to Transylvania after a sally to Moldavia against Russian forces under the command of General Ustrugov .	Plur
Bem knew that a battle against Lüders would be decisive for the campaign in Transylvania so he decided to concentrate his forces .	Sing
However , in the event Bem only had 6,000 soldiers and 12 cannon on the field .	Sing
After 10 a.m. Bem began strong artillery fire on the main group of the Russian army and began to advance his left wing .	Sing
There , Bem won his last victory against Russian General Hasford 's group .	Sing
A registrar is an official keeper of records made in a register .	Sing
Trini Lopez has continued to record , and in 2008 , his 63rd album , " Ramblin Man , ” was released .	Sing
Lis Escop ( the Kenwyn Vicarage of 1780 ) became after the establishment of the Diocese of Truro the bishop 's palace .	Sing
Lis Escop is Cornish for " bishop 's palace " .	Sing
Nevertheless , Justice Harlan , in his concurring opinion , recognized this as the " crux " of the Court ’ s decision .	Sing
Justice Harlan , though joining Warren 's opinion , wrote a brief separate concurrence .	Sing
Leahy and Karl Jansen-Winkeln , also accept David Aston 's hypothesis that Shoshenq III was Osorkon II 's actual successor at Tanis , rather than Takelot II .	Sing
The third party Populists , who had high support among farmers and laborers in the South and West , also gained two seats .	Plur
Populists had a net gain of two seats , one taken from the Republicans , the other being a seat in the new district .	Plur
In 1973 , The 5th Dimension recorded the song for their album " Living Together , Growing Together " .	Sing
In 2000 , BMG released a combined CD of " Harry " and " Nilsson Sings Newman " .	Sing
Coupled with other Democratic gains , this redistricting gave the Democrats a nine-seat net gain .	Sing
" The Builder " described it as the most important building outside Whitehall .	Sing
Engram also played for the Seattle Seahawks and Kansas City Chiefs .	Sing
As a college junior , Engram was the go-to receiver on Penn State 's undefeated 1994 team .	Sing
Engram signed with the Seattle Seahawks before the 2001 season .	Sing
Engram joined the Kansas City Chiefs in 2009 , but only played in 5 games for the team .	Sing
Engram signed with the Cleveland Browns in the 2010 preseason , but failed to make the roster and was released before the regular season began .	Sing
Engram and his wife Deanna have four children : daughters , Bobbi and Phoebe , and sons , Dean and Trey .	Sing
Engram hosted the " Walk for Sickle Cell Disease " in Seattle in September 2006 .	Sing
Bobbi Engram , a student at Towson University , died Saturday , August 25 , 2018 .	Sing
Engram was the subject of a November 2008 NFL Network segment profiling his participation in The Home Depot 's NFL Neighborhood MVP program .	Sing
Engram joined a group of volunteers from the non-profit organizations KaBOOM !	Sing
Engram currently lives in Columbia , Maryland .	Sing
Renate Wiener Chasman ( January 10 , 1932 – October 17 , 1977 ) was a physicist .	Sing
FitzWilliam was the eldest son of Richard FitzWilliam , 5th Viscount FitzWilliam , by Frances Shelley , daughter of Sir John Shelley , 3rd Baronet .	Sing
The PL won in all 25 districts , giving them every directly elected seat .	Sing
Kastaharni Ghat is a " ghat " or bathing place on the River Ganges , at Munger in the Indian state of Bihar .	Sing
" Diphasiastrum alpinum " grows tall from stems which grow just under the surface of the ground .	Sing
" Diphasiastrum alpinum " may hybridize with " Diphasiastrum sitchense " .	Sing
The NES surveys a group of business and academic experts in each country with a broad range of specialties for concrete measures of country 's institutional factors .	Sing
There are several misfortunes associated with precipitate delivery for both the mother and the infant .	Plur
As a response to this overture , Lyndon Johnson agreed to withdraw one unnamed vessel " somewhat southward " .	Sing
Midhurst & Easebourne Football Club is a football club based in Midhurst , West Sussex , England .	Sing
In their first season in Division Two , Midhurst & Easebourne were runners-up , earning promotion to Division One .	Sing
In 1998 – 99 Midhurst & Easebourne finished bottom of Division Three and were relegated to the Premier Division of the West Sussex League .	Sing
Noar Linhas Aéreas Flight 4896 was a passenger flight which crashed in Boa Viagem , Recife , Brazil , on 13 July 2011 .	Sing
For chronic cavitary pulmonary aspergillosis and chronic fibrosing pulmonary aspergillosis , lifelong use of antifungal drugs is usual .	Sing
From 1845 to 1854 , Jenkyns was also Dean of Wells .	Sing
Jelena Živković stepped to the 7 meters line with the chance to equalize the match and save it for penalty shootouts .	Sing
Twelfth placed Újbuda TC could not avoid relegation , after recorded only one victory during the whole season .	Sing
Ferencváros , the club of the IXth district of Budapest , finished just behind the defending champions .	Sing
“ Social Media Analytics Startup Networked Insights Raises $ 5 Million . ” https : / / techcrunch.com / 2010 / 04 / 20 / networked-insights /	Sing
In probability theory , a basic affine jump diffusion ( basic AJD ) is a stochastic process Z of the form	Sing
The stimulus polarity can be rarefaction polarity , condensation polarity , or alternating polarity .	Sing
Torog 's dominion is the King 's Highway , an unusual collection of tunnels he himself made eons ago when first trying to escape .	Sing
Jenkyns is a surname and may be :	Sing
Dearie is a 1927 silent drama film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by Archie Mayo .	Sing
Saleh enrolled in The Lebanese American University to study Fine Arts but music was always her first love .	Sing
Dallam served an apprenticeship and became a member of London 's Blacksmiths ' Company .	Sing
During 1599 and 1600 Dallam went on a voyage from London to Constantinople in order to deliver an organ to the sultan Mehmet III .	Sing
Dallam kept a diary of his journey , which was published in the nineteenth century by the Hakluyt Society .	Sing
When the head moves , the ossicles move out of phase with the head , but still follow the same cyclic motion .	Plur
As a bone vibrator vibrates the skull , the bone and cartilage of the external ear receives energy , most of which escapes the unoccluded ear .	Sing
Tone bursts approximately 5 cycles in duration appear to be acceptable .	Sing
Arcata was a trans-shipment point from boats to pack trains for interior mines .	Sing
Polycrystalline silicon , also called polysilicon , is a material consisting of small silicon crystals .	Sing
Polysilicon depletion can vary laterally across a transistor depending on the fabrication process , which can lead to significant transistor variability in certain transistor dimensions .	Sing
Tuber is a genus in the Tuberaceae family of fungi .	Sing
Gallitzin , born in Saint Petersburg , was the son of Prince Alexei Ivanovitch Gallitzin and Princess Gagarin .	Sing
Gallitzin was one of the first Russians that promoted the ideas of the Physiocrats .	Sing
Gallitzin was involved in the Polish question and recalled to Russia as it seems to discuss another appointment .	Sing
On his way back in 1774 Diderot spent half a year in the Dutch Republic .	Sing
In July 1782 Tsarevich Paul and his wife came to visit the Dutch Republic and were received by Gallitzin .	Sing
The Wheelers would instead take up full-time residence in Windermere , another mansion they were building in Manitou Springs .	Plur
Within four years , other lodging had opened in the city and the guesthouses were less necessary .	Sing
Aspen benefited from other initiatives of the Paepckes during this period .	Sing
By the 1970s Aspen had become a popular getaway for affluent celebrities and business executives .	Sing
In the 2007 – 08 season , Dornbirn stood again in the finals and claimed their first national league title in club history against EC Salzburg II .	Sing
In the spring of 2012 , the Dornbirner EC applied after a long planning phase and secure finances for inclusion in the Erste Bank Hockey League .	Sing
Dornbirn has always had an identifiable nickname in the Bulldogs , which has been used predominately .	Sing
Director Tak Sakaguchi had only 12 days to shoot the entire film .	Sing
" Yakuza Weapon " is an adaptation of the manga " Gokudō Heiki " ( 1996 ) by Ken Ishikawa .	Sing
EHC Team Wien is an ice hockey team in Vienna , Austria .	Sing
Boycott also won the NAACP Image Award for Best Television Film of the Year and the Peabody Award .	Sing
EK Engelmann Wien was an ice hockey team in Vienna , Austria .	Sing
Bahrain maintains that al-Khawaja 's arrest is valid .	Sing
EK Zell am See is an ice hockey team in Zell am See , Austria .	Sing
Cyan , Thayne , and Melanthos lives entangle and weave together , and it is only through helping each other that they are able to free themselves .	Sing
EV Aicall Zeltweg is an ice hockey team in Zeltweg , Austria .	Sing
Under Sasaki 's reign , Nadeshiko won the EAFF Women 's Football Championship in 2008 and again in 2010 .	Sing
Nadeshiko became the 19th recipient of Japan 's People 's Honour Award for winning the World Cup .	Sing
The Negroes offered no resistance ; they could not , as the killing was unexpected .	Plur
Olivera Marković ( née Đorđević ; ; 3 May 1925 – 2 July 2011 ) was a Serbian actress .	Sing
Sylhet Polytechnic Institute ( ) or SPI is a state supported technical academic institute located in Sylhet , Bangladesh .	Sing
At the beginning , SPI offered 3 years long courses , based on the syllabus of Oklahoma State University .	Sing
" A Very Potter Sequel " picks up where " A Very Potter Musical " left off with Lord Voldemort destroyed .	Sing
As the train arrives at Hogwarts , Lupin tells Harry not to go looking for trouble .	Sing
Hogwarts headmaster Albus Dumbledore arrives to cease the fighting and welcome everyone to Hogwarts .	Plur
As Snape begins to taunt Lupin about the full moon , Lupin begins to take on a werewolf transformation and runs away .	Sing
Umbridge has become a lot less strict with rules after finding out she has a secret admirer , who is revealed to be Dumbledore .	Sing
Suddenly , the werewolf returns , but Firenze arrives to save the trio and brings them back to Hogwarts .	Sing
At half-time , Hedwig shows up with a package for Harry , but Lucius intercepts it .	Sing
Umbridge then presents an ultimatum : " Either kiss the dementors , or kiss Umbridge " .	Sing
Lupin leaves , much to Snape 's delight , but apologizes to him for making fun of him when they were children .	Sing
Umbridge gives up but gives the class detention .	Sing
Umbridge calls Snape to her office to ask him to kill Harry for her .	Sing
As the group prepares to head to the Ministry of Magic to turn Pettigrew in , Lupin sees the full moon and becomes a werewolf .	Sing
Pettigrew uses this as a distraction to get away .	Sing
Lupin attacks Sirius , but suddenly , werewolf calls emanate from the Forbidden Forest , causing Lupin to chase after them .	Sing
As the kids tend to Sirius , Umbridge appears , determined to finally punish them .	Sing
Umbridge is too strong , however , and refuses to back down ( " Stutter " ) .	Sing
Before he is able to kill her , Lupin shows up in his werewolf form and kills him .	Sing
The COA oversees the maintenance of the standards periodically by way of conducting inspections through Committees of Experts .	Sing
Survivor Series featured professional wrestling matches involving different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds , plots , and storylines that developed on WWE 's television programs .	Sing
Punk got a rematch at Hell in a Cell but it was a Triple Threat match and John Cena was the champion going into the match .	Sing
Punk requested to have another one-on-one rematch for the championship .	Sing
In the first match , Dolph Ziggler defeated John Morrison after a Zig Zag to retain the WWE United States Championship .	Sing
After the match Zack Ryder attacked Ziggler and executed the Rough Ryder on Ziggler .	Sing
Sheamus was disqualified after not breaking the referees 5 count near the ropes .	Sing
During the match , there were many reversals and counters to the two men 's various finishers and submission holds .	Plur
Punk celebrated with the crowd after the match .	Sing
Hyperparameter optimization finds a tuple of hyperparameters that yields an optimal model which minimizes a predefined loss function on given test data .	Sing
The Creston News Advertiser is a daily newspaper in Creston , Iowa , United States .	Sing
In 1955 , British based EMI acquired a 96 % ownership interest in Capitol Records .	Sing
Capitol ultimately eliminated Cap-EMI , naming Robert Myers as Artist and Repertoire Director of Angel Records .	Sing
The ICRC had representatives from EMI 's classical subsidiaries around the world ; the committee established international recording schedules , budgets and artist commitments .	Sing
Voldemort convinces Quirrell to go out and celebrate the progress of their evil plan instead of grading papers .	Sing
Voldemort realises he has become close with Quirrell , and that he wishes to remain his friend .	Sing
Voldemort also makes Malfoy enter into a binding magical contract to kill Dumbledore for him .	Sing
Malfoy prepares to uphold his end of the bargain , but following a pep talk from Dumbledore finds himself unable to strike the killing blow .	Sing
Voldemort successfully takes over the Ministry of Magic , but finds that he still pines for the companionship of Quirrell .	Sing
Voldemort attempts the Killing Curse , but Harry reflects the spell and kills him .	Sing
Voldemort shares the lessons he learnt and how he grew as a person , and the two joyfully reunite .	Sing
Leszek died in 1336 without heirs , causing Ratiboř to revert to the Crown .	Sing
When Wenceslaus died in 1381 , Přemysl inherited Wenceslaus 's share .	Sing
When Nicholas III died in 1394 , Přemysl inherited Głubczyce as well .	Sing
Rote Teufel Bad Nauheim , also known as EC Bad Nauheim , is an ice hockey team in Bad Nauheim , Germany .	Sing
Saale Bulls Halle are an ice hockey team in Halle , Germany .	Sing
EV Landsberg was the name of two ice hockey clubs in Landsberg , Bavaria , Germany .	Sing
ESV Kaufbeuren is a professional ice hockey team based in Kaufbeuren , Germany .	Sing
EHC Klostersee is an ice hockey team in Grafing , Germany .	Sing
EC Peiting is an ice hockey team in Peiting , Germany .	Sing
In the 2011 Missouri River floods , the Tarkio River and its other namesakes overwashed an area from Fortescue to the Missouri River totally obliterating Big Lake .	Plur
Thorndike took some sailing lessons , began racing and was soon delivering boats from Hawaii to Seattle .	Sing
Payne ( 1991 ) used lexical retention to determine language classification , and placed Paresi in the Central branch .	Sing
Brandão has written a verbal morphology description dealing with verb classes , tense , aspect , and modality ( Brandão 2010 ) .	Sing
" Taita " can come before or after the noun , but does not appear as its own independent pronoun .	Sing
His antipathy to William Neave caused some comment in a man normally very willing to forgive his political enemies .	Sing
The townland of Ballyvolane is in the civil parish of St. Anne 's Shandon .	Sing
Eventually , a bearing in the supercharger failed .	Sing
Cara Judea Alhadeff ( born April 8 , 1971 ) is an American photographer , performance artist , writer , and yoga teacher .	Sing
The vast throngs that crowd this district at night are blocking traffic " .	Plur
Two years later he published " Para que no me olvides " and in 1998 " Lo Nuestro Ayer y Hoy " .	Sing
Sykora remained mostly active up until his death at age 91 .	Sing
HC RT TORAX Poruba is an ice hockey team in Ostrava-Poruba , Czech Republic .	Sing
Realize Bradenton is a nonprofit organization in Bradenton , Florida responsible for implementing the Cultural Master Plan for the downtown area .	Sing
The DDA carries out the role of place-making in Bradenton , whereas Realize Bradenton subsequently fills the role of place-branding .	Sing
In doing so , Realize Bradenton improves the quality of life and livability of the city for all . "	Sing
In October 2010 Realize Bradenton produced the ArtSlam event as part of the Festival sARTée — a fringe festival complementing the Ringling International Arts Festival .	Sing
The Riverwalk is a one-and-a-half mile long park on the south bank of the Manatee River bordering downtown Bradenton .	Sing
The automobile offered new business opportunities .	Sing
The city 's zoning and code enforcement department issues building permits .	Sing
Every six months , the NBR renumbered some of its older locomotives into a " duplicate list " , in order to vacate numbers for new construction .	Sing
HC Chrudim is an ice hockey team in Chrudim , Czech Republic .	Sing
HC Benátky nad Jizerou is an ice hockey team in Benátky nad Jizerou , Czech Republic .	Sing
Cleeve governed until Rigby 's death in 1650 , after which Lygonia 's settlers progressively agreed to Massachusetts rule .	Sing
SK Horácká Slavia Třebíč is an ice hockey team in Třebíč , Czech Republic .	Sing
Královští Lvi Hradec Králové is a junior ice hockey team from Hradec Králové , Czech Republic .	Sing
HC Vrchlabi is an ice hockey team in Vrchlabí , Czech Republic .	Sing
During the occupation Platon traveled extensively through Estonia , visiting parishes by horse .	Sing
At this time , Platon was in Tartu ( Dorpat ) , having fallen ill with pneumonia .	Sing
O 'Shea was soon travelling across the US to open for artists Phil Vassar , Jimmy Wayne , Sara Evans , and the Oak Ridge Boys .	Sing
In 2011 , O 'Shea performed at " CMC Rocks the Hunter " and hosted the DVD coverage of the event .	Sing
Rózsa is only the foremost of many Hungarian outlaw heroes , or betyárs , who appear in Hungarian history and folklore .	Sing
The beacon still stands to this day , but the reef is now guarded by the Fife Ness lighthouse on the mainland .	Sing
The reef extends for northeastwards from Fife Ness Points Coastguard station ( East Coast Fife ) into the North Sea and the greater Firth of Forth .	Sing
A lightship on loan from Trinity House joined the beacon on 7 June 1887 , located one mile off North Carr .	Sing
Middle Rasen is a village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England , located about west from the town of Market Rasen .	Sing
Middle Rasen has had two churches .	Sing
A previous three storey red-brick watermill dated from the late 18th century , with 1827 remodelling – its remaining wheelhouse is Grade II listed .	Sing
In February 2008 , club president Luís Filipe Vieira announced that a new director of football for 2008 – 09 had been selected .	Sing
After a goalless draw in regular time , the Milanese won on penalties .	Plur
Sánchez Flores said that Rio Ave created unexpected problems : " It was not a easy game .	Sing
In the 56th minute , Cardozo exploited a mistake by Helton to head in the equaliser .	Sing
Suazo began the scoring for Benfica with a 16th-minute header , but the lead lasted only two minutes .	Sing
In the second half Christian Maggio added another for Napoli , with Luisão scoring for Benfica three minutes later .	Sing
Sánchez Flores said that the game was difficult because of his club 's inconsistency .	Sing
Sánchez Flores attributed the victory to his players ' commitment .	Sing
Sánchez Flores called the win important because it held Benfica 's lead over their rivals .	Sing
Sánchez Flores said that Benfica could have won , and the draw was a poor result .	Sing
Lucho González converted it for a 1 – 1 draw .	Sing
Sánchez Flores was satisfied , because the club played well and controlled the game .	Sing
Four minutes later , Rúben Amorim made it 2 – 0 , with Paços reacting immediately with the 2 – 1 from Ferreira .	Sing
Sánchez Flores called it a hard-fought win , with his players ' commitment keeping Porto at bay .	Sing
Sánchez Flores called the defeat an " accident that sometimes happens " , and said his team was focused on the remaining eight games .	Sing
After a goalless first half , Sporting scored the opening goal through Bruno Pereirinha in the 48th minute .	Sing
Cardozo converted both ( in the fifth and 16th minutes ) , and Silvestre Varela scored for Estrela in a 2 – 1 final result .	Sing
Sánchez Flores said that although Benfica played poorly , winning was what mattered .	Sing
The Spaniard realised that winning the Primeira Liga was nearly impossible , and Benfica should focus on qualifying for the Champions League .	Sing
Cardozo and Nuno Gomes scored two goals apiece .	Sing
Marítimo reacted , cutting Benfica 's lead to 3 – 2 in the 60th minute , but the club defended their lead .	Sing
Sánchez Flores realised that winning the league title was now impossible .	Sing
In the second half , Paulinho tied the score for Trofense .	Sing
Sporting won that day , so Benfica trailed by seven points with two match days left and could not qualify for the Champions League .	Sing
Sánchez Flores analysed the club 's season : " They asked me to improve the team and I did .	Sing
Peppersmith gum is available in Peppermint and Spearmint varieties .	Sing
Pannell attended Smithtown High School in Smithtown , NY on Long Island .	Sing
Pannell was the Ivy League Rookie of the Year and set the Cornell rookie record for points in a season , finishing with a team-high 67 points .	Sing
Cornell made it to the finals of the 2009 NCAA championship , but lost to Syracuse 10-9 .	Sing
Pannell led the team in postseason scoring with 16 points over 4 games , including a six-point effort against the University of Virginia in the semifinals .	Sing
Cornell made it to the final four of the NCAA tournament before losing to Notre Dame 12-7 .	Sing
Pannell scored 16 points in the first two games of his senior season , but he broke his left foot in the second game against Army .	Sing
Pannell attempted to rehabilitate his foot in time for the NCAA tournament , but he re-injured the foot in the month before the tournament .	Sing
Cornell did not make the NCAA tournament in 2012 .	Sing
Pannell returned to Cornell University for the spring semester in 2013 and was eligible to participate in the 2013 lacrosse season .	Sing
Cornell made it to the semifinals of the 2013 NCAA championship , losing to the eventual champions Duke University 16-14 .	Sing
Pannell was also a finalist in 2011 , but lost to Steele Stanwick .	Sing
Pannell broke the single season points record with 74 points on the way winning his second straight scoring title .	Sing
Pannell had a career high 8 goals and 9 points vs the Charlotte Hounds .	Sing
Pannell led the Lizards offensive attack all the way to the MLL Championship game where he had 4 goals and 1 assist .	Sing
In 2013 , Pannell was very impressive in his rookie season .	Sing
Pannell was the # 1 draft choice in the 2012 Major League Lacrosse Collegiate Draft .	Sing
Pannell is currently a member of the Team USA training team preparing for the 2018 World Games in Israel .	Sing
Pannell was a member of the 2014 Team USA that won silver at the World Championships in Denver .	Sing
Pannell led the World Championships in scoring with 17 goals and 15 assists for a total of 32 points .	Sing
Pannell is the middle child of Susan and Bob Pannell .	Sing
Dille achieved a bachelors degree in youth work and worked for 25 years with disabled people in healthcare .	Sing
On 8 August 2018 , Dille died by suicide after apologizing to her loved ones on Facebook .	Sing
HK Ruzinov is an ice hockey team in Bratislava , Slovakia .	Sing
In the same instance , Angerstein also decided to shoot his mother-in-law and himself should his wife not return home .	Sing
In 1921 , Käthe wrote a letter to her husband , telling him that due to her illnesses she could not be the wife he needed .	Sing
Angerstein got into financial troubles , whereupon he began to embezzle money from his employer , which according to court records the total sum was 14,892 Reichsmark .	Sing
On the Friday before the murders , Angerstein witnessed his wife put away a notebook containing her last wishes , stating she was expecting to die soon .	Sing
Angerstein learned the next day that the shots had been fired during a birthday party , and he began to suffer from severe headaches .	Sing
Between 12 and 1 a.m. , Angerstein awoke as his wife suffered from severe heart pain .	Sing
After she returned to her bed , Angerstein sat beside his wife , who was lying in bed , where she read him a letter .	Sing
Angerstein realized that their maidservant , Minna Stoll , was standing in front of him .	Sing
Angerstein followed her and killed her with the axe , then covered her up because he could not stand to look at her corpse .	Sing
Responding to questions about his dishevelled state , Angerstein answered that he was sick .	Sing
After sunset , Angerstein went back home and set the petrol alight , though the ground floor did not catch fire .	Sing
When help arrived , Angerstein claimed he had been attacked by bandits , who had killed everyone in the house and left him for dead .	Sing
During interrogation by the prosecutor , Angerstein denied having committed the killings himself , but often made contradictory statements regarding the deaths .	Sing
Angerstein claimed he did not embezzle money , but that van der Zypen had owed him money .	Sing
Angerstein admitted to committing bribery and later to embezzlement .	Sing
Angerstein accepted the verdict , stating that he did not want mercy and that his deed could only be atoned with his blood .	Sing
On December 15 , 2006 , Governor-elect Deval Patrick named Bowles Secretary of Energy and Environmental Affairs .	Sing
Rosenfeld began his career as a playwright with the Ensemble Studio Theatre and the now defunct Double Image and Angel Theatre companies .	Sing
In 2000 , Rosenfeld wrote and directed " King of the Jungle " starring John Leguizamo and Rosie Perez .	Sing
Rosenfeld is currently adapting the book " The Wrecking Crew " for screen with Artie Nelson .	Sing
The HK 95 Panthers Považská Bystrica are an ice hockey team in Považská Bystrica , Slovakia .	Sing
In late 2013 , Driessen joined the independent MP Louis Bontes who had been expelled from the PVV .	Sing
HK Trnava is an ice hockey team based in Trnava , Slovakia .	Sing
This individual crusade for knowledge necessitated a way to transmit knowledge to others who may have the same question , leading to a written tradition .	Sing
HC Nové Zámky is an ice hockey team in Nové Zámky , Slovakia .	Sing
The globalization of National Hockey League has been occurring since its inception .	Sing
The NHL eventually saw fewer European players , but more players from Canada and the United States .	Sing
Today the NHL has players from five continents .	Sing
Ebenezer and Mary had four children .	Sing
Digicel IMAX is Trinidad and Tobago ( and the Caribbean ’ s ) first and only IMAX 3D movie theatre .	Sing
Digicel is the title sponsor .	Sing
The Digicel IMAX has the largest screen in the Caribbean at a size of 70 x 40 feet with a seating capacity of 360 .	Sing
At the time the Lawrance was an oddity .	Sing
The harmonium plays the opening chords and plays throughout the piece : the celesta and harp , on the other hand , have numerous rests .	Sing
Echeverría studied in Germany ( Free University of Berlin ) and Mexico .	Sing
An uneasy quiet has settled upon Midkemia in the wake of a surprise invasion .	Sing
TPC noted that the interior has been altered so substantially that it no longer retains its architectural integrity .	Sing
" Prinz Adalbert " was stricken from the naval register in May 1878 and broken up for scrap that year .	Sing
" Kronprinz " saw limited duty during the Franco-Prussian War .	Sing
" Sachsen " and " Bayern " became target ships while " Württemberg " became a torpedo training ship .	Sing
" Oldenburg " did not see significant service with the German Navy .	Sing
Supercomputer IBM Blade Center , integrated with 70 research institutions in Europe and the USA	Sing
HC Topoľčany is an ice hockey team in Topoľčany , Slovakia .	Sing
HK 2016 Trebišov is an ice hockey team in Trebišov , Slovakia .	Sing
Piešťany promoted to the Slovak Extraliga in 2012 , first time in club history .	Sing
MHK Dolny Kubin is an ice hockey team in Dolny Kubin , Slovakia .	Sing
Niel Viljoen served as Chief Technology Officer at Marconi , having been General Manager at Fore Systems , acquired by Marconi for $ 4.6 billion in 1999 .	Sing
Viljoen served as the CEO and president of Netronome from 2003 until 2011 .	Sing
HC 46 BEMACO Bardejov was an ice hockey team in Bardejov , Slovakia .	Sing
In 1946 Pagnol adapted the script as a stage play .	Sing
Honoré Panisse is dying , cheerfully , with friends , wife , and son at his side .	Sing
Panisse leaves that to Fanny , the lad 's mother .	Plur
Finally , the Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was asked to report by June 2012 on the implementation of Resolution 1998 .	Sing
In 1977 , Eros Djarot asked Hutauruk to provide vocals for the soundtrack to " Badai Pasti Berlalu " together with Chrisye .	Sing
The railroad track Montevideo - Nico Pérez - Río Branco passes along the south limits of the village .	Sing
" Buried Treasure " is a song written by Barry , Robin & Maurice Gibb , and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Rogers .	Sing
Raorchestes chlorosomma is a frog in the " Raorchestes " genus .	Sing
In Asia , river piracy is a major threat even today .	Sing
Modern piracy exists on the Danube River in Serbia and Romania .	Sing
River piracy continued on the lower Mississippi River from the early 1800s to the 1840s .	Sing
River piracy consisted mainly of pirates stealing goods and cargo from ships in open water and docked along the waterfront piers .	Sing
Besser received his education at Lemberg , and in 1807 graduated from the University of Krakow .	Sing
Besser was a specialist involving botanical species of what was then the western part of the Russian Empire .	Sing
The incumbent senator , Republican Julie Quinn of Jefferson Parish , did not seek reelection .	Sing
Groundwork and construction occurred throughout 2012 .	Sing
Tommy 's homosexuality eventually becomes obvious through the course of the play .	Sing
The album 's dedicatee ( 1953 – 84 ) died from cancer and was the daughter of the jazz pianist Thelonious Monk .	Sing
The brink of the feud with Roadkill and Doring happened at " ECW Living Dangerously " .	Sing
Doring and Roadkill 's manager Elektra turned on them , allowing Anderson and Wiles to pick up the win .	Sing
Caroline Agnès Abbé ( born 13 January 1988 ) is a Swiss football defender .	Sing
Abbé is a former player of FC Yverdon , with whom she won two National Cups .	Sing
The monorail then arrives at its next station known as the mid monorail station , located in the rough centre of the park .	Sing
Freezing is a Japanese manga series written by Dall-Young Lim and illustrated by Kwang-Hyun Kim .	Sing
A third spinoff , called , began serialization in the April 2013 issue of " Comic Valkyrie " .	Sing
The Japanese noctule ( " Nyctalus furvus " ) is a species of bat belonging to the family Vespertilionidae .	Sing
Deepa Nair is an Indian film actress who appears in Malayalam films .	Sing
Deepa was interested in acting , but fear of her engineering studies being affected discouraged her father Gopalakrishnan from allowing her to join the film industry .	Sing
Despite Rodea readying himself to fight , Cecilia tells him to stand down and splits the Key of Time in half .	Sing
Naka revealed in 2011 that the Wii version of the game was finished , and needed Kadokawa Games to publish it for a potential release .	Sing
Cattle rustling had increased as the people sought alternative food .	Sing
After spending an additional year in Toronto working in Kirschmann 's laboratory , Baird traveled to Europe for graduate study .	Sing
Here Baird found his stride , completing his PhD in just a year ( 1902 ) .	Sing
In addition , the strong relationship Baird formed with Titchener during this time deeply influenced the rest of his career .	Sing
In 1914 , Baird married Barbara Morrison Sparks , the daughter of a physician in St. Marys , Ontario .	Sing
In November 1918 , Baird became seriously ill and entered Johns Hopkins Hospital in nearby Baltimore , Maryland .	Sing
A Soviet spy ( Perkins ) is on an official mission to obtain sensitive information from NATO about military mobilization .	Sing
In the same match Quinteros scored his first goal in the Descentralizado in the 69th minute .	Sing
SAC has played an important role in the Syrian civil war .	Sing
SAC also works to help deal with the humanitarian crisis Syria is facing .	Sing
SAC maintains a network of contacts in Syria who inform its political work .	Sing
SAC makes an effort to engage the Syrian opposition at all levels by attending international conferences about Syria .	Sing
When the Syrian civil war began , SAC transitioned its efforts to help the Syrian American community process what was happening in Syria and determine a response .	Sing
In June 2014 , SAC held elections for the presidential position .	Sing
Limo and Almera are the common cars used for the regular taxicabs .	Sing
In Kuala Lumpur , well established meter taxi companies with more than 7500 units have bright orange color liveries with approval from the government .	Sing
The bumper may retain its factory colors by owner preference .	Sing
No VW are colored this way anymore .	Sing
Matchbox released a scale model of the VW taxi in 2004 , numbered 31 .	Sing
Yiu originally was a worker at the Jiujiang brewery but due to a natural disaster , rewrote the lives of the Leung and Sung family .	Sing
The Sung and Leungs calm their feud .	Plur
Champlin started out his career in journalism when he became a district reported for " The Boston Globe " at the age of 16 .	Sing
When " The Chelsea Record " was started two years later Champlin became one of its managers while still a teenager .	Sing
In 1886 Champlin became the founder and publisher of " The Chelsea Gazette " .	Sing
The stabilizers and some nose wheel parts were from scrap piles in Tucson and Homestead , Florida .	Plur
Misia received a demo by Sagisu with a note that read " disco masterpiece for Misia " .	Sing
Misia praised the duo 's work as " fantastic " and expressed enjoyment at working with her tour dancers on the project .	Sing
Misia is seen wearing a layered white dress with a belt and a head-wrap adorned in gold while her hair is styled in an afro .	Sing
Misia then gives the statue of a lion in the middle of the forest human form .	Sing
Adrianna catches up with Naomi and Silver and it results that Teddy is Teddy Montgomery , Adrianna 's ex-boyfriend .	Sing
Finally , After much persuasion and misunderstandings , Teddy and Silver finally get together as a couple .	Sing
There , Navid brings up the feelings he has for Silver again and he asks her if what he feels is all in his head .	Sing
Later on , Adrianna finds out about Silver and Navid .	Sing
Adrianna then tells her she knows , and she texts a nude picture of Silver to the entire school .	Sing
While Silver is in the hospital , Adrianna takes the opportunity to get close to Navid by getting him drunk and telling him that they kissed .	Sing
However , Silver didn 't stay around long enough to hear Navid say he cares about Silver more than Kat .	Sing
Over at Silver and Greg 's , Navid overhears Greg on the phone about his daughter and he realizes that he adopted Adrianna 's baby .	Sing
In " No Good Deed " , Navid decides to attend Princeton University and everyone has a party for him .	Sing
Navid also lets the possibility slip to Liam , since they are bros and Navid has no clue Liam is the potential baby-daddy .	Sing
Ade tells her it was the most amazing experience of her life .	Sing
At the reception , Navid introduces his two porn star dates to Silver .	Sing
Just then a male stripper , who Naomi has invited for the party comes in and begins doing his stuff .	Sing
Adrianna then suggests that they do something which will help Silver face her fears , and Silver reluctantly agrees .	Sing
Adrianna tells Silver all she had to do was overcome her fear and trapeze seems to have totally worked .	Sing
Feeling bad for Michaela , Adrianna leaks a demo she recorded .	Sing
But then Adrianna ( still trapped under the rubble ) calls Silver and expresses her condolences to her having heard about Michaela 's miscarriage .	Sing
In 2010 , Stroup won a Young Hollywood Award in the category of " Sparkling Performance " for her portrayal of Silver .	Sing
Writing in the " New York Times " , Marci Alboher called Trunk " one of the most popular career writers around . "	Sing
OSE made it to the world stage in 2011 when Jakubowski presented his Global Village Construction Set TED Talk .	Plur
Catarina finished her PhD dissertation on the social impact of open and collaborative practices for the development of physical goods and technologies .	Sing
In 2016 , OSE and the Open Building Institute joined forces to make affordable , ecological housing widely accessible .	Sing
An added greenhouse demonstrates how a family can grow their own fresh vegetables and fish .	Sing
The Lonesome Boatman is a 1969 album by the Irish folk music duo Finbar & Eddie Furey .	Sing
Hiawatha Project is a professional theatre company located in Pittsburgh .	Sing
This moody and melancholy yet strangely celebratory set will stay in one 's memory long after the CD has been played " .	Sing
It is this “ personalization of application " that most clearly distinguishes personal fiduciaries from institutional fiduciaries .	Sing
In 2000 , ACM became independent again .	Sing
Gutawa can refer to either of the following people .	Sing
Teemu Rautiainen ( born March 13 , 1992 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player .	Sing
Undrafted , Keränen first played as a youth in his native Finland with Tappara before moving to Ilves as a 17-year-old .	Sing
Formula Asia , also known as Asian Formula 2000 , was a class of open wheel formula racing .	Sing
The supratemporal fenestrae , two large holes on the skull roof , are almost the same size as the eye sockets and are roughly triangular in shape .	Sing
Kentridge , Struth and Orozco , like most of Goodman 's artists , joined her relatively early in their careers .	Sing
Vinnytsia Institute of Economics and Social Sciences is a structural unit of Open International University of Human Development “ Ukraine ” ( OIUHD “ Ukraina ” ) .	Sing
After the band 's dissolution , two songs from their unreleased EP appeared on IFC 's American Gun .	Sing
Chauncy initially worked with architect and surveyor , William Mullinger Higgins , on the design of a new grandstand for Ascot Race Course .	Sing
Chauncy also gave evidence to the select committee inquiring on the railway gauge in 1853 and the inquiry into roads and railways in 1854 .	Sing
Around this time Chauncy also wrote another pamphlet " How to Settle in Victoria " using the pen name ' Rusticus ' .	Sing
Chauncy had evidently been very popular with his fellow officers , contractors and workman who erected a befitting monument to his honour at Goulburn Cemetery .	Sing
A common stereotype about Sichuanese people is that they are hot tempered .	Sing
Event notifications can be proprietary , only certain management tools can be used to detect events .	Plur
STI Knives is a tactical knife company based in Moissac , France .	Sing
The steamers remained locked in the ice until January 21 , 1909 .	Plur
The steamers left the locks at 4 : 30 p.m. and arrived in The Dalles at 7 : 45 .	Plur
Au was also the second runner-up in the 2009 Asian Snooker Championships .	Sing
Au 's highest snooker in competition is 147 .	Sing
Swami Yogananda ( ) was a direct monastic disciple of Ramakrishna , the 19th-century mystic .	Sing
Sarada Devi used to call him affectionately as " Chhele Yogen " or the " boy Yogen " .	Sing
Yogananda was the first to organise the public celebration of Ramakrishna 's birthday anniversary on a large scale in Dakshineswar temple premises .	Sing
Yogananda was also instrumental in providing a grand reception to Swami Vivekananda when he returned to Calcutta in 1897 .	Sing
In 1898 Yogananda organised the birthday anniversary of Ramakrishna in the newly formed Belur Math .	Sing
Yogananda died on 28 March 1899 after prolonged illness .	Sing
His contention was that the energy of a monk should be spent wholly for the perusal of spiritual practices .	Sing
There is a dormitory named , in his honour , Yogananda Dham in Ramakrishna Mission Vidyapith , Deoghar .	Sing
For example , the Pushdo Trojan shows the new complexity of modern malware applications and the phoning home capabilities of these systems .	Sing
Kabba and Sankoh met on 22 – 23 April in Yamoussoukro and agreed to a ceasefire .	Sing
In October or November , Kabba again met with Sankoh , this time in Abidjan .	Sing
The accord had a broad range of goals , the main ones being :	Sing
Its full name is " Rhee International Taekwon-Do " with " ( Australia ) " or " ( New Zealand ) " appended .	Sing
Chong Chul Rhee , one of the original masters of taekwondo , founded the school in the mid-1960s .	Sing
Chong Chul Rhee , 8th " dan " , is the founder and head of Rhee Taekwon-Do .	Sing
Chong Hyup Rhee , 7th " dan " , is in charge of operations in Melbourne .	Sing
Chong Yoon Rhee , 9th " dan " , is in charge of operations in parts of Sydney .	Sing
Rhee Taekwon-Do free sparring is unscored , unarmoured , and usually ' non-contact ' in principle .	Sing
" Rhee Taekwon-Do " is the spelling used in the earliest versions of the school 's logo .	Sing
Chong commenced Rhee Taekwon-Do training in Victoria in the 1990s under C. H. Rhee , and now teaches kickboxing .	Sing
Whitewater is the translation of Kwadacha , a nearby river .	Sing
Nov 15 US General Somervell declines to proceed with a military railway .	Sing
The extensional faulting was nonetheless substantial , having extended as deep as .	Sing
The Nevadan Orogeny destroyed the western wedge of sedimentary rocks during Jurassic to middle Cretaceous time , thrusting them up into metamorphic fold belts .	Sing
During the emperor 's Parthian campaign in AD 115 – 116 , Quietus sacked the cities of Nisibis and Edessa .	Sing
Quietus took the city of Lydda and methodically set about defeating the rebellions .	Sing
The emperor Trajan died later in the year and was succeeded by Hadrian and the rebellion in Judea was finally crushed by Quietus .	Sing
After participating in the 1948 Summer Olympics , Bahr turned professional and helped his club win ASL titles in 1950 , 1951 , 1953 , and 1955 .	Sing
Around 2001 , WIBC began streaming over the internet , effectively exposing the show to a nationwide / worldwide listening audience .	Sing
Going beyond its roots in the traditional regional culture of the Ozark Mountains , the Ozark Howler has become a character in popular culture .	Sing
The Ozark Howler was the subject of a 2018 Inktober challenge on social media that resulted in the proliferation of images of the beast .	Sing
The Ozark Howler has also been inspiration for poets , most notably as the title character of a collection of poems by Kansas City storyteller K.W .	Sing
The Ozark Howler is also the subject of a poem in a collection by Vantar titled From the Abyss .	Sing
Another guideline was about languages in passports .	Sing
An emergency passport is issuable by the embassy or consulate .	Sing
Regular issuance takes approximately 4 – 6 weeks .	Sing
An Official passport has " OFFICIAL " ( in all capital letters ) above " PASSPORT " .	Sing
A Diplomatic passport has " DIPLOMATIC " ( in all capital letters ) above " PASSPORT " .	Sing
A biometric passport has the e-passport symbol at the bottom .	Sing
Each passport has a data page and a signature page .	Sing
A passport is not valid until it is signed by the passport holder .	Sing
If a foreign passport was issued on or after October 26 , 2006 , that passport must be a biometric passport .	Sing
Beta is a genus in the flowering plant family Amaranthaceae .	Sing
The western wild beets later colonized the Macaronesian Islands during the Pleistocene , probably by adaptations of the diaspores for sea dispersal ( thalassochory ) .	Sing
The temporal mean is the arithmetic mean of a series of values over a time period .	Sing
The KGB , who already suspected him of being a war criminal , intercepted the letter and noted that he was now living in the UK .	Sing
Activation of the brigade with its new structure took place on 1 July 1963 at Fort Richardson , Alaska .	Sing
For the middle innings , Uecker worked play-by-play with Prince on color and Wolf doing the interviews .	Sing
As an American League player , Fidrych had never had to face Hebner , who played in the National League .	Sing
Cosell supposedly stated , " There it is , ladies and gentlemen , The Bronx is burning . "	Sing
In the bottom of the second , Cosell informed the audience that it was an abandoned building that was burning and no lives were in danger .	Sing
In , Drysdale covered the World Series Trophy presentation .	Sing
When ABC released and then rehired him in , Drysdale explained it by saying " If there is nothing to say , be quiet . "	Sing
Rumor has it that Michaels went as far as to urged ABC executives to remove Cosell from the booth .	Sing
" TSN " added that the network only wanted the sport for October anyway .	Sing
Bench simply disappeared , ultimately going to CBS Radio .	Sing
ET ( " MacGyver " , which normally aired at 8 p.m. , was not yet ready with new episodes ) .	Sing
Visser was reuniting with McCarver , for whom she had worked with on CBS .	Sing
In 1920 , Michelson and Pease were able to use the Michelson stellar interferometer fitted to the telescope at Mt .	Sing
Edgware was a London and North Eastern Railway ( LNER ) station located on Station Road in Edgware , north London .	Sing
The policyholders have rights to the assets but do not own the units , nor are they readily redeemable .	Plur
Owl equips the group with a map and sends them into the " Great Unknown " of the Hundred Acre Wood .	Sing
Vladimír Zoubek ( 21 September 1903 in Heřmanův Městec – 24 May 1995 in Prague ) was a Czech geologist .	Sing
Larkfield is the largest council housing estate in Greenock , Inverclyde , Scotland .	Sing
Larkfield has its own online digital community page for residents and businesses based within the Larkfield area , Greenock .	Sing
In 1638 , van der Donck entered the University of Leiden as a law student .	Sing
Despite a booming Dutch economy , van der Donck decided to go to the New World .	Sing
In 1641 , van der Donck sailed to the New World aboard " Den Eykenboom " ( " The Oak Tree " ) .	Sing
The patroon expected van der Donck 's primary concern to be the colony 's profit rather than the colonists ' welfare .	Sing
In his employer 's eyes , van der Donck also spent a disturbing amount of time exploring the surroundings .	Sing
In 1645 , Kieft tried to mend relations with the Indians and asked van der Donck to assist as a guide and interpreter .	Sing
At the negotiations , Kieft found himself in the awkward position of coming without the necessary gifts .	Sing
By this time , van der Donck had already married the Englishwoman Mary Doughty , whose father had lost his land after irking Kieft .	Sing
Kieft remained out of favor with the colonists in New Amsterdam .	Sing
Adriaen van der Donck stepped into this environment of political unrest and used his rhetorical legal skills to give voice to the disaffected colonists .	Sing
During this delay , van der Donck turned his attention to public relations .	Sing
Defeated , van der Donck tried to return to New Netherland but , as a demonstrated troublemaker , he was blocked from returning .	Sing
In 1985 the oldest shipwreck ever found ( approximately 3,500 years old ! )	Sing
Birns retired from active involvement in business in 1987 , to spend more time with his family .	Plur
Encarnación suffered multiple fractures to his left eye socket and an injury to his left eye and missed the remainder of the 2007 season .	Sing
Miri Bohadana ( born October 12 , 1977 ) is an Israeli actress , model and presenter .	Sing
On September 12 , 2007 , Courtney pleaded guilty to the beating and rape of the 22-year-old University of New Mexico foreign exchange student .	Sing
Payment of less tax is the driving force behind most ' offshore ' activity .	Sing
Pritzker graduated from New Trier High School outside of Chicago and enrolled at Columbia University .	Sing
Pritzker made her professional stage debut as Scout in a production of " To Kill A Mockingbird " in Chicago .	Sing
Mongo the Magnificent , is a fictional private eye and criminologist who has dwarfism , appearing in several books by George C. Chesbro .	Sing
Live Forever or Die Trying is the third full-length album by the punk rock band the Humpers .	Sing
NCB is also an umbrella organisation and incorporates a family of councils and fora that explore a range of issues involving children and young people in England .	Sing
NCB manages the Children 's Partnership with 4Children .	Sing
NCB is part of the Health and Care Voluntary Sector Strategic Partner Programme which brings together voluntary and community sector ( VCS ) organisations .	Sing
The " rustication " of the Cultural Revolution failed .	Sing
Under Deng Xiaoping , urbanization in China has expanded at an unprecedented speed since the declaration of " Reform and Open Policy " .	Sing
The line between the normal use of personal contacts and hospitality and extraordinary and criminal favoritism and corruption was ambiguous .	Sing
Introductions and go-betweens continued to play a major role in the arrangement of marriages .	Plur
Cooperation with fellow villagers and good relations with village leaders became even more important than they had been in the past .	Sing
Zahra Eshraghi ( ) ( born 1964 ) is an Iranian activist and former government official who believes in feminism and human rights .	Sing
Zahra Eshraghi wants the wearing of head-scarves to no longer be compulsory .	Sing
But discrimination here is not just in the constitution .	Sing
Lacy and his soldiers had to leave the Crimea , however , due to lack of supplies .	Sing
The monetary and governmental collapse combined with a new threat from Russia began the final stages of the Empire 's collapse .	Sing
During the early months of World War I , Kars was a key military objective for the Ottoman army .	Sing
Both the Armenian and Azerbaijani Republics ended up being part of the Soviet Union in 1920 .	Plur
Central Hillside is a neighborhood in Duluth , Minnesota , United States ; located directly uphill from the city 's downtown .	Sing
Buckingham Creek flows through the neighborhood near 12th Avenue West .	Sing
The narcissism on display is astonishing to behold , and veteran Barbra worshipers will have a field day .	Sing
Beyond that , pic does deliver a number of laughs , deep-dish luxury on the production side and an engagingly enthusiastic performance from Bridges " .	Sing
Instead , we are left to muse , " Oy vey , does Streisand know how over-the-top she is ? "	Sing
Fairmount is a subway station in the Francisville section of North Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	Sing
Following the death of Ševa , " Nightmare Stage " formally ended on June 26 , 2010 , after 18 years of live airing and 878 episodes .	Sing
Chittick is currently Distinguished Professor in the Department of Asian and Asian American Studies at Stony Brook University .	Sing
Hooded cloaks were also worn .	Plur
Full-length trousers were worn for day .	Plur
Breeches remained a requirement for formal functions at the British court ( as they would be throughout the century ) .	Plur
The Smell of Rain is an album released by solo artist Mortiis in 2001 .	Sing
Eventually the monarch gained the trust of the Hetman .	Sing
On September 15 , Sapieha became seriously ill and was transferred to the central Kremlin palace , where he died on October 15 , 1611 .	Sing
Jago ( ; sometimes " Jaygo " ; " James " in English ) was a legendary king of the Britons according to Geoffrey of Monmouth .	Sing
Sinatra Sings ... of Love and Things is an album by Frank Sinatra , released in 1962 .	Sing
The Dwarves Come Clean is an album released by punk rock band Dwarves on the Epitaph label in February 2000 .	Sing
Renamed Navarinon , the destroyer was active until 1981 when she was sold for scrap .	Sing
With the cessation of hostilities " Brown " served with the occupation forces in Japan until 28 October 1945 .	Sing
Tobruk is a town and a seaport in Libya .	Sing
Tobruk , Tubruk or Tubruq may also refer to :	Sing
Conwell was well-educated , being fluent in Latin , French , Spanish , and Italian , but had a reputation as a preacher of only modest ability .	Sing
Conwell arrived in Philadelphia on December 2 , 1820 .	Sing
Later that week , Conwell called a meeting of the city 's priests and announced that Hogan was suspended .	Sing
In the meantime , Conwell recalled a Dominican friar — William Vincent Harold , whom his predecessor had dismissed — to assist him .	Sing
Since they had rebelled against the Church hierarchy , Conwell declared Hogan excommunicated in a public statement on May 27 , 1821 .	Sing
In 1822 , Conwell showed his support for Harold by appointing him as Vicar General of the diocese .	Sing
Conwell saw Harold 's conduct as a betrayal , and removed him as Vicar General , appointing Hurley in his place .	Sing
Conwell sailed for Rome on July 12 , 1828 .	Sing
In Baltimore , Conwell professed his obedience to Rome and swore he would gladly retire from active governance of his diocese .	Sing
Conwell never gave up his titles or his claim to exercise authority in the diocese , and his relationship with Kenrick remained rocky .	Sing
Conwell died on April 22 , 1842 , at about the age of 94 .	Sing
Kenrick succeeded to the title of bishop of Philadelphia .	Sing
Girton was originally a college for women only ; male undergraduates were first allowed in 1979 .	Sing
In the May Bumps , the 1st men 's VIII took until 1991 to get firmly into the 2nd division .	Sing
In the 2012 May Bumps , Girton moved into the first division for the first time .	Sing
Girton are yet to take a men 's headship .	Sing
Kino was unable to participate , because an Indian rebellion in Sonora required his presence on the mainland .	Sing
Loreto continued to be the headquarters for missionaries .	Sing
The German company Telefunken bought the rights from RCA and built the superikonoskop camera used for the historical TV transmission at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin .	Sing
The accumulation and storage of photoelectric charges during each scanning cycle greatly increased the electrical output of the iconoscope relative to non-storage type image scanning devices .	Sing
In 1998 , Richemont acquired David Tang 's controlling stake in the business .	Sing
With Jem Tayle , Shelleyan Orphan recorded and released tracks for several compilation albums during this period .	Sing
Sinatra and Strings is a 1962 album by Frank Sinatra consisting of standard ballads .	Sing
Via the Ceres Trust Whealy funds research and advocacy campaigns in support of organic agriculture .	Sing
The cultural anthropologist Alfred L. Kroeber was an early critic of " Totem and Taboo " , publishing a critique of the work in 1920 .	Sing
In 1914 , " Totem and Taboo " received a negative review from Carl Furtmüller in " Zentralblatt für Psychologie und Psychotherapie " .	Sing
" Totem and Taboo " became widely known in the United States by the end of World War I .	Sing
Kroeber published a reassessment of " Totem and Taboo " in 1952 .	Sing
Since the mid-eighties he concerned himself with philosophical questions of mathematics ( particularly vis-à-vis Husserlian phenomenology ) .	Plur
The 1st VIII started 3rd in the first Lent Bumps in 1887 and managed to take the headship that year .	Sing
In 2016 Corpus won the Pegasus Cup for the most successful college boat club in the May races .	Sing
The preface ends with a short prayer in two lines pleading the Virgin 's intercession for the assistance of the Holy Spirit in writing in Nahuatl .	Sing
According to the sworn testimony of D. Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora , the original preprint was in the calligraphy of Antonio Valeriano , its author .	Sing
Further , there was a considerable ingress of rain water which has resulted in serious rusting of the engine parts .	Sing
The 2003 BBC Series " Seven Wonders of the Industrial World : The Sewer King " episode featured a segment filmed in the pumping station .	Plur
Guang Dong Tung Ah released it on DVD in the United States on 5 February 2002 .	Sing
Zawiya is the capital of the Zawiya District .	Sing
Zawiya has a university named the University of Zawiya , founded in 1988 .	Sing
Zawiya has a hot semi-arid climate ( Köppen climate classification " BSh " ) .	Sing
Downtown Youngstown is the traditional center of the city of Youngstown , Ohio , United States .	Sing
Downtown Youngstown is the site of most of the city 's government buildings and banks .	Sing
The Youngstown Business Incubator houses several small , ( B2B Software ) technological companies .	Sing
The incubator has been expanding as of 2016-2017 , converting the old vindicator building .	Sing
Solar provided the upgrade to provide a clearer and better signal reception for SBN and RJTV in both analog and digital signals .	Sing
Jesus is Our Shield Worldwide Ministries began broadcasting its own religious channel , the " Oras ng Himala Channel " , in mid-2018 .	Sing
During its initial test , Solar placed both SBN and RJTV in its DWCP-TV digital signal on channel 22 .	Sing
Ascalon was Fatimid Egypt 's greatest and most important frontier fortress .	Sing
The Hospitallers and the Patriarch , however , convinced the king that they were on the verge of victory .	Plur
Amalric succeeded his brother as king of Jerusalem in 1162 , and throughout the 1160s led numerous expeditions from Ascalon into Egypt .	Sing
Consistency seems to play a greater role on whether outcomes could be negative .	Sing
Preventive approaches to classroom management involve creating a positive classroom community with mutual respect between teacher and student .	Sing
Interventions are more likely to be effective when they are individualized to address the specific function of the problem behavior .	Plur
Flirt FM is a licensed student radio station located in National University of Ireland , Galway ( NUIG ) .	Sing
Flirt FM is one of three campus community radio stations in Ireland ( the others being Wired FM in Limerick and Cork	Sing
Flirt FM will [ continue to ] serve primarily the 25,000 strong student populations of Galway city and its immediate environs .	Sing
Agudath Harabonim was also an answer to the Orthodox Union ( OU ) , which had formed five years earlier .	Sing
The warring seems to have died down in the late 1940s or 1950s ; Knesseth and Degel faded away as a separate organization .	Sing
Only Agudath and Iggud still function today , though neither is very active .	Sing
Stanchfield was District Attorney of Chemung County from 1880 to 1885 ; and Mayor of Elmira , New York from 1886 to 1888 .	Sing
In 1903 , Stanchfield was the Democratic candidate for U.S .	Sing
Stanchfield was a delegate to the 1904 and 1912 Democratic National Conventions , and a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1915 .	Sing
Extensive irrigation works were also damaged and 17 cows were killed .	Sing
Intensification was initially gradual , but Dinah became a typhoon early on August 24 , and subsequently began to intensify at a faster pace .	Sing
After bypassing Honshu , wind shear began to take toll on the system and Freda began to turn extratropical .	Sing
Due to the storms erratic motion during its early stages , Guam received two distinct periods of heavy rainfall from the storm .	Sing
Tropical Storm Maury first formed from an area of disturbed weather early on November 7 .	Sing
" We ought to be better than we are , " said Germain , director of Quality Improvement .	Sing
Two years later , in 1988 , Motorola received the coveted Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award , which is given by the president of the United States .	Sing
Loka is a Sanskrit word for " world " .	Sing
According to Hindu cosmology , the universe contains 7 upper and 7 lower planes of existence .	Sing
Processed chocolate , in general , has smaller amounts .	Sing
According to the Merck Veterinary Manual , baker 's chocolate of approximately ( ) of a dog 's body weight is sufficient to cause symptoms of toxicity .	Sing
One ounce of milk chocolate per pound of body weight is a potentially lethal dose in dogs .	Sing
A more recent republication by the Cold Spring Press includes a foreword by Neil Gaiman and an introduction by Douglas A. Anderson .	Sing
Duluth Heights is one of the largest neighborhoods ( in terms of area ) in the city of Duluth , Minnesota , United States .	Sing
The scanner built into the rover picks up a big dinosaur , and Seeker thinks that it might be the " Iguanodon " .	Sing
The rover takes off away from the " Carnotaurus " , and finds another big dinosaur with the scanner .	Sing
The dinosaur is a " Saltasaurus " ( referred to as a Sauropod ) .	Sing
The rover starts to pull away again .	Sing
The scanner finds a " Coloborhynchus " ( referred to as a Pterodactyl ) that is flying directly towards them .	Sing
The rover drives down a small hill , and dodges the pterosaur .	Sing
The rover falls down another small hill and loses traction .	Sing
The rover takes off again into a small section of the forest where some of the trees are falling down .	Sing
The rover then proceeds to the loading station .	Sing
Falck served with the Elmira , New York law firm Stanchfield , Lovell , Falck & Sayles ( named Sayles & Evans since 1945 ) from 1901-1918 .	Sing
There is a professorship of art named after Alexander D. Falck at Williams College , where he graduated from in 1899 .	Sing
No extant works by Teerlinc are currently identified .	Sing
In 1871 , six convicts escape from a Carson City prison .	Plur
Greer flees and runs up a mountain , the $ 40,000 flying from his pants in the wind .	Sing
In that first term Breckinridge served on the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Law and was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1960 .	Sing
After that defeat Breckinridge returned to his law practice and began planning for a return to public office .	Sing
Breckinridge won the office although the Republican ticket , led by Louie B. Nunn , won the governorship and the office of secretary of state .	Sing
Breckinridge served his second term as Attorney General of Kentucky from 1968 to 1972 .	Sing
To offer the masses another invigorating ( and non-alcoholic ) beverage the import of tea was also encouraged .	Sing
Bening portrayed the abbot in a colourful Crucifixion scene .	Sing
Although characters have optimal combo strings , most combos start with three presses of the attack button , the third of which will juggle an opponent .	Plur
The Guarani conquered the plains and valleys of Santa Cruz and occupied the Samaipata area .	Sing
A counterattack by the Incas failed to dispossess the Chiriguanos who remained to settle in Samaipata and its vicinity .	Sing
Collin also served as a director of the Chemung Canal Trust Company and the first President of the Arnot Art Gallery ( since 1911 ) .	Sing
Brockley Hill was a proposed London Underground station in the Brockley Hill area of north London .	Sing
Unsung is an EP released through Solid State Records on December 6 , 2005 by Christian Hardcore / Mathcore group The Chariot .	Sing
Bowden plays as a Backman but can also be a play as a key Forward	Sing
In round 16 , 2008 , Bowden was at the centre of a major controversy regarding rushed behinds .	Sing
The chase ended on the right shoulder of Foothill Boulevard .	Sing
Koon and four other officers ( Laurence Powell , Timothy Wind , Theodore Briseño and Rolando Solano ) attempted to arrest King .	Sing
Koon was on a holiday pass at the time .	Sing
Koon eventually moved to Castaic , north of Los Angeles .	Sing
Moeen Ali appealed against Dharmasena 's three decisions and survived all three .	Sing
Grady subsequently leaked his correspondence with Evans to the media .	Sing
McVeigh argues that the Klan 's inability to form alliances with other political groups led to the sharp loss of political power and solidarity within the group .	Sing
To estimate the effect of X on Y , the statistician must suppress the effects of extraneous variables that influence both X and Y .	Sing
Contrary to common beliefs , adding covariates to the adjustment set Z can introduce bias .	Plur
operational or procedural confounds exist ) , subgroup analysis may not reveal problems in the analysis .	Plur
Rosina Vokes and Beatrice Herford came from the same region of England , performed in the same theaters early in their careers , and became lifelong friends .	Sing
Rosina Vokes left the family company to found her own troupe in the United States , where she had married .	Sing
North Alton is a Canadian rural community in Kings County , Nova Scotia just outside Kentville .	Sing
The Pecora Investigation sought to uncover the causes of the financial collapse .	Sing
As chief counsel , Ferdinand Pecora personally examined many high-profile witnesses , who included some of the nation 's most influential bankers and stockbrokers .	Sing
His exposé of the National City Bank ( now Citibank ) made banner headlines and caused the bank 's president to resign .	Sing
So actively did Pecora pursue the investigation that his name became publicly identified with it , rather than the committee 's chairman .	Sing
Pecora wrote : " Bitterly hostile was Wall Street to the enactment of the regulatory legislation . "	Sing
The aleurone tissue accumulates large quantities of oils and lipids that are useful during seed development .	Sing
However , this transposon may sometimes remove itself from the gene , restoring the function of " dek1 " .	Sing
Krylenko was an exponent of socialist legality and the theory that political considerations , rather than criminal guilt or innocence , should guide the application of punishment .	Sing
Following interrogation and torture by the NKVD , Krylenko confessed to extensive involvement in wrecking and anti-Soviet agitation .	Sing
Krylenko returned to St. Petersburg in 1909 , finishing his degree .	Sing
In early 1914 , Krylenko learned that he might be re-arrested and fled to Austria .	Sing
In the spring of 1923 , Krylenko acted as public prosecutor in the Moscow show trial of the Soviet Union 's Roman Catholic hierarchy .	Sing
... Father Rutkowski recorded later that Budkiewicz surrendered himself over to the will of God without reservation .	Sing
Krylenko stepped down as Prosecutor General in 1932 and was replaced by Andrei Vyshinsky .	Sing
From 1927 to 1934 , Krylenko was a member of the Central Control Commission of the Communist Party .	Sing
In the 1930s Krylenko headed the Soviet chess , checkers and mountain climbing associations .	Sing
Krylenko used his positions to carry out the Stalinist line of total control and politicization of all areas of public life :	Sing
In 1935 , Krylenko invited the former chess World Champion Emanuel Lasker to Soviet Union , where he settled until 1937 .	Sing
Krylenko promoted his views on socialist legality during the work on two drafts of the Soviet Penal Code , one in 1930 and one in 1934 .	Sing
In 1936 Krylenko justified the inclusion of a law against male homosexuality in the 1934 Soviet penal code as a measure directed against subversive activities :	Sing
Krylenko 's conviction was one of the first annulled by the Soviet State in 1955 , during the Khrushchev thaw .	Sing
To enable her to leave , Litvinov agreed to pass her off as a member of his delegation when he travelled to London for an international conference .	Sing
The cobalt : iron ( II ) ratio is typically 3 : 1 with minor nickel substituting .	Sing
Furthermore , many townsmen and boyars developed ways to evade taxation , thus placing an even higher burden on those less able to cheat the system .	Plur
Richer boyars enticed agriculturally minded peasants off of the small estates with the promise of better soil and stronger crops .	Plur
The lesser boyars wanted this policy rescinded so that they could reclaim serfs at any point , thus securing their landed status .	Plur
The worst offender was Levontii Stephanovich Pleshcheyev , the governor of Moscow .	Sing
On 6 June , after receiving a promised salary increase , the Streltsy withdrew from their active role in the riot .	Sing
Petrino also coached the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League ( NFL ) for part of the 2007 season .	Sing
Petrino grew up in the coaching profession .	Sing
Petrino played quarterback and twice earned NAIA All-American honors .	Sing
After a graduate assistant stint as quarterbacks coach at Weber State in 1984 , Petrino returned to be the offensive coordinator for his father in 1985-1986 .	Sing
Petrino returned to his alma mater in 1985 as offensive coordinator .	Sing
When Smith moved to Louisville in 1998 , Petrino followed him there as offensive coordinator .	Sing
Petrino left the collegiate ranks to coach in the NFL for three years .	Sing
Petrino returned to Louisville in 2003 as head coach , replacing John L. Smith , who departed for Michigan State .	Sing
In four years at Louisville , Petrino built the Cardinals into a national power .	Sing
On July 13 , 2006 , Petrino signed a 10-year , $ 25.6 million contract to stay on as head football coach .	Sing
Petrino entered the season with back-ups Joey Harrington , Byron Leftwich , and Chris Redman as his quarterbacks .	Sing
Petrino initially said he was alone on the motorcycle .	Sing
Petrino signed a four-year contract with a base salary of $ 850,000 annually .	Sing
Petrino reportedly signed a deal that pays $ 24.5 million over seven years with a buyout of $ 10 million .	Sing
Petrino has two sons and two daughters with his wife , Becky .	Sing
While Michelangelo and Raphael were the principal influences on his religious compositions , his later portraiture owed more to Agnolo Bronzino .	Sing
Kagetora exacts his revenge , using only limited resources against a vast army .	Sing
The Nintendo GameCube Microphone included with the game is the most important addition to this title .	Sing
However , Saito eventually convinced them after creating a demo of the game .	Sing
Worsley was a Councillor on Malton Rural District Council from 1955 , serving as vice-chairman in 1965 .	Sing
Worsley died on 18 December 2012 at Hovingham Hall and was buried in Hovingham cemetery .	Sing
Koreatown is across the road from the Korean Cultural Centre .	Sing
Blue Coupe released albums in 2011 and 2013 .	Sing
The Gentle Crackdown ( Traditional Chinese : ) is a TVB costume comedy series broadcast in May 2005 .	Sing
Archi had to call the boy 's mother .	Sing
Nevertheless , 3M placed an experimental prototype 50.4 kHz digital recorder in the control room as a backup to the direct-to-disc lathe .	Sing
A cortical homunculus , or " cortex man " , illustrates the concept of heuristically representing the body lying within the brain .	Sing
A " motor " homunculus represents a map of brain areas dedicated to " motor " processing for different anatomical divisions of the body .	Sing
A " sensory " homunculus represents a map of brain areas dedicated to " sensory " processing for different anatomical divisions of the body .	Sing
Penfield referred to his creations as " grotesque creatures " due to their strange-looking proportions .	Sing
The simplification suggests that lesions of the motor cortex will give rise to specific deficits in specific muscles .	Sing
Lanier first performed with the band ( then known as Soft White Underbelly ) in 1967 .	Sing
Lanier returned to the band in 1987 , touring constantly until the fall of 2006 .	Sing
Amini Park is a cricket ground in Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .	Sing
Most ODI runs for Papua New Guinea	Sing
Most T20I runs for Papua New Guinea	Sing
Sinatra And Swingin ' Brass is a 1962 studio album by Frank Sinatra .	Sing
FTI has since represented Larrañaga before the United Nations , appealing against injustice in the Philippines .	Sing
Lanza had previously attended Newtown High School through the tenth grade .	Sing
In 2004 , UPS acquired the international syndicate Editors Press Service ( founded in 1933 ) from the Evening Post Publishing Company and renamed it Atlantic Syndication .	Sing
In July 2009 , UPS merged with Andrews McMeel 's digital entertainment company Uclick to form Universal Uclick .	Sing
Wieland Wagner ( 5 January 1917 – 17 October 1966 ) was a German opera director .	Sing
Late in his life , Wieland had a love affair with the much younger Anja Silja , one of the singers he had recruited for Bayreuth .	Sing
Post-war austerity and his own interest - influenced by Adolphe Appia - in lighting effects led to the use of round minimalist sets lit from above .	Sing
Gare du Palais ( " Palace Station " ) is a train and bus station in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .	Plur
Around 1872 , the NSR builds the first Palais Station .	Sing
" " The exterior of the building was of Argenteuil granite , Deschambault limestone and Citadel brick with high sloping roofs of copper .	Sing
The concourse / waiting room measured 125 x 62 feet and 40 feet high .	Sing
The CNR uses its Ste-Foy Station , west of Quebec 's bridge .	Sing
Like all Hartmann 's works and courtly epics in general , " Iwein " is written in four-footed rhyming couplets .	Sing
According to this theory , Hartmann only finished the poem at a later date .	Sing
Hartmann adds a self-proclamation , which is written in much the same way as in " Der arme Heinrich " :	Sing
The falling portcullis cuts Iwein 's horse in two ; though he himself remains uninjured , he is sealed in the gatehouse .	Sing
This timeframe implies a legally effective deadline after which his claims against possible usurpers would have lapsed .	Sing
An information strategist analyses the information flow within an organisation and directs its information resources to better serve the organisation 's strategic goals .	Sing
Molten is the official volleyball of the NCAA championships .	Sing
" 2011 UEFA Women 's U-19 Championship First qualifying round	Sing
There was also an experimental straight Shiraz released in 2006 and 2008 that spent an extra year in oak .	Sing
The wavy lined mallow moth ( " Bagisara repanda " ) is a moth of the family Noctuidae .	Sing
Duke 's Cut remains a popular route for narrowboat users as it bypasses the last three urban miles of the canal in Oxford .	Sing
Both Brunswick and Prussia put pressure on the Kingdom of Hanover to allow an east-west rail link .	Sing
On 1 October 1960 , the current Brunswick Hauptbahnhof replaced the old terminal station .	Sing
As a result , the long-distance trains from Wolfsburg and Brunswick can now pass through Lehrte junction at 120 km / h .	Sing
Muhtar is the elected village head in villages of Turkey .	Sing
Finally , MGK decided to allow the formation of new parties with severe restrictions .	Sing
But , on 1 June , MGK closed the party .	Sing
In the words of horticulturist presenter Monty Don , " [ Pinsent ] has ruthlessly excluded all colour except green " .	Sing
The stony hillsides above it , pockmarked by quarries that supplied the pietra serena for Renaissance Florence , bred masons and sculptors .	Sing
In the Chesapeake and North Carolina , tobacco constituted a major percentage of the total agricultural output .	Sing
The Chesapeake had few urban centers relative to the South .	Sing
Thus , the most profitable cotton and rice operations were large and factory-like , while tobacco profits hinged on skilled , careful , and efficient labor units .	Sing
Individual life expectancies were generally shorter , because their skill set was less refined and workers were easily replaced if killed .	Plur
Campatonema lineata is a moth of the family Geometridae .	Sing
In total , Intertrust 's IPO raised about € 486 million .	Sing
After the TKO win for M-1 Global , in a catchweight bout of 175 lbs .	Sing
Campatonema marginata is a moth of the family Geometridae .	Sing
ADITYA is a medium size tokamak installed at the Institute for Plasma Research in India .	Sing
Aayiram Naavulla Ananthan ( English : Anandan who has 1000 tongues ) is a 1996 Malayalam film by Thulasidas starring Mammootty , Murali and Gautami .	Sing
Nandu married Sridevi with whom they had a daughter while Ananthan marries Radhika .	Sing
In recent years , 8-bit chiptune sounds , or " video game beats " , have been used by a number of mainstream pop artists .	Sing
Tricycle or motor cab and habal-habal ( motorcycle ) are the means of public transportation within the municipality .	Sing
In Time Out London the novelist Nicholas Royle described Light as ' compelling ' , and ' delightfully unusual . '	Sing
How the f * ck is that possible ?	Sing
Deep Sengupta ( born 30 June 1988 ) is a chess player from Jharkhand , India , who now resides in Kasba .	Sing
Vienna was his base of operations for many years though he taught in Prague , Munich , and Salzburg as well .	Sing
Coy made his debut for Strikeforce back in 2008 , defeating Dave Courchaine by KO in the 1st round .	Sing
In 2010 , Coy returned to face Tyron Woodley at , but lost by split decision .	Sing
Coy made his MFC Debut on January 27 , 2012 against Dhiego Lima at MFC 32 , Coy won via Unanimous Decision .	Sing
Coy defeated Ultimate Fighter Alumni Ryan McGillivray on May 4 , 2012 at MFC 33 via third round Doctor Stoppage to win the MFC Welterweight Championship .	Sing
Coy made his debut with Bellator MMA in September 2013 where he defeated Andy Uhrich .	Sing
In the semifinals , Coy faced Adam McDonough at Bellator 116 on April 11 , 2014 .	Sing
Coy lost via second-round KO .	Sing
Coy has since been released from the promotion .	Sing
Coy faced Danny Roberts on December 10 , 2015 at UFC Fight Night 80 , replacing an injured Michael Graves .	Sing
Coy next faced Jonavin Webb on February 21 , 2016 at UFC Fight Night 83 .	Sing
Coy faced Zak Cummings on April 15 , 2017 at UFC on Fox 24 .	Sing
The Antidote is the debut album by English jazz guitarist Ronny Jordan , that was released by Island Records in 1992 .	Sing
A man guilty of rape is liable on conviction to imprisonment for life or for any shorter term .	Sing
Any consent of the complainant is of no relevance if he or she is under the age of thirteen .	Sing
The reported dicta did not agree on this point .	Sing
Solar Euromed is a high technology group based in France specialized in concentrated solar power technology , in activity from 2007 to 2016 .	Sing
Since its inception , Solar Euromed has been an active promoter of CSP technology in Europe and has built a recognized expertise in this emerging field :	Sing
Jolly Shandy is also fairly popular among women and youngsters .	Sing
Ansan is Kim hong do`s Hometown .	Sing
Arman is the monthly publication of the association of Hazaras in Victoria which serves the growing Afghan community of Melbourne and is distributed Australia-wide .	Sing
Currently Hamed Saberi is " Arman " monthly 's chief editor and Sharif Samar is the executive officer .	Sing
Minuscule 688 ( in the Gregory-Aland numbering ) , ε246 ( von Soden ) , is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament , on parchment .	Sing
The princess de Turenne died in Paris at the Hôtel de Bouillon in Paris .	Sing
Femen ( ) , stylized as FEMEN , is an Ukrainian radical feminist activist group intended to protect women 's rights .	Sing
In September 2013 Inna Shevchenko responded to the documentary stating that Sviatsky " did lead the movement some time ago .	Sing
Initially , Femen gained attention by demonstrating in skimpy or erotic clothing .	Sing
Femen has several international branches .	Sing
In October 2013 , Femen had its largest membership in France .	Sing
Femen explained its methodology of topless protesting by saying : " This is the only way to be heard in this country .	Sing
Since late 2011 , Femen has held rallies outside Ukraine .	Sing
Femen accused the Russian political party United Russia of having set up RU Femen .	Sing
A Quebec-based Femen is also active , founded by Ukraine-born , Sept-Îles raised Xenia Chernyshova .	Sing
In June 2014 , Femen opened a branch in Israel with 15 women .	Sing
Femen has expressed opposition against Islamism , " Sharia law " and spoken against the practice of female genital mutilation ( FGM ) .	Sing
Femen protested against what they argued were moves being made by the Ukrainian government to legalize prostitution during the EURO 2012 championships .	Sing
Femen had staged protests in front of the Grand Mosque of Paris burning a Tawhid flag .	Plur
Now that they have moved to the West , Femen has courageously broken rules and enlivened the debate over religion 's role in our world . "	Sing
Femen received a positive reception after opening their location in Paris .	Sing
In September 2013 Femen came under criticism when the Australian documentary film-maker Kitty Green exposed a man named Victor Svyatski as the mastermind behind the group .	Sing
Wadi Degla defeated Al-Sekka Al-Hadid 3-1 in the last week of the competition .	Sing
Tomislav Merčep ( born 28 September 1952 ) is a former Croatian politician , convicted war criminal and paramilitary during the Croatian War of Independence .	Sing
In the same week , the County Prosecutor in Zagreb brought up charges against Merčep and he was arrested .	Sing
Euxoa muldersi is a moth of the family Noctuidae .	Sing
Euxoa apopsis is a moth of the family Noctuidae .	Sing
Catlin began writing for television in 2005 for the television film " The Great New Wonderful " .	Sing
Catlin joined the crew of " Breaking Bad " in 2009 as a co-producer and writer for the second season .	Sing
Catlin wrote the pilot episode for the AMC series , and continues to serve as showrunner , writer and sometime director into the recently-ordered third season .	Sing
Catlin attended the New York University Tisch School of the Arts Graduate Acting Program , where he received his Master of Fine Arts Degree in 1998 .	Sing
Euxoa macleani is a moth of the family Noctuidae .	Sing
After retirement , Uemura became a coach for JEF United Ichihara ( later " JEF United Chiba " ) in 2003 .	Sing
Arvind Varma ( born October 13 , 1947 in Firozabad , India ) is the R. Games Slayter Distinguished Professor , School of Chemical Purdue University .	Sing
Oshima lives in Los Angeles , where she now works as a professional photo stylist and actively pursues her passion for dance as a Playmate Dancer .	Sing
Pilar Lastra ( born January 15 , 1981 ) is a model and the " Playboy " Playmate of the Month for August 2004 .	Sing
Lastra was a model on Deal or No Deal .	Sing
Cara Zavaleta ( born June 15 , 1980 in Bowling Green , Ohio ) is an American model and reality TV personality .	Sing
Cara Zavaleta is a wine enthusiast who would like to eventually become an independent winemaker .	Sing
Uki retired and became a new manager as Yasuhara successor .	Sing
In July 2007 , Uki retired from playing career at Japan Football League club FC Kariya and became a manager .	Sing
After being a player in Kashiwa Reysol , Yoshida became the successor of Nelsinho Baptista for 2015 season .	Sing
The Okal Rel Universe ( also referred to as the ORU ) is the setting for a 10-novel series written by Lynda Williams .	Sing
Reem Al Numery ( born 1996 ) is a children 's rights activist in Yemen .	Sing
From 1953 to his death , Segal lived in Paris .	Sing
The Afisha Picnic is a one-day outdoor festival held in Moscow , Russia every summer .	Sing
The Afisha Picnic is expanding each year , attracting a wider audience from all over Russia , and more attention from both the local and foreign media .	Sing
Eastbourne Eagles won the National League title , completing a league and cup double .	Sing
GNC was the first acquisition of Nynex outside the Americas .	Sing
In 2001 , BT sold its 50 % stake in Gibtel to GNC .	Sing
Telekom Slovenije paid € 36.7m for Verizon 's 50 per cent stake in Gibtelecom .	Sing
The 46th was armed rather differently from most infantry regiments in the Civil War .	Sing
Rigo Peralta is a Dominican artist living in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , United States .	Sing
Peralta now lives in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania and is a resident artist at the Banana Factory in the South Side of Bethlehem .	Sing
Nola pumila is a moth of the family Nolidae .	Sing
In December 2007 , Serco began the flagship £ 1bn Private Finance Initiative to provide marine services to the Royal Navy for the next 15 years .	Sing
In 2009 , Serco ( being the larger partner in the joint venture with Denholm ) bought out Denholm 's share .	Sing
Silvano Villa ( born August 13 , 1951 in Villasanta ) is a retired Italian professional football player .	Sing
" Schwarz / Weiss " also " Schwarz / Weiß " " ( Black / White ) " is a song by Bela B ..	Sing
In the first video Bela owns a shop which sells Bela B masks ( as featured in the Code B artwork ) .	Sing
From a young age , Isac was an avid reader .	Sing
In 1910 , Isac took a degree in law from the Franz Joseph University .	Sing
Reportedly , in 1912 , Isac also traveled to study in the German Empire , intending to get a masters ' degree in Berlin .	Sing
Like his father before him , Emil Isac became interested in advancing the cause of Romanians throughout Transleithania ( the regions administered directly from Budapest ) .	Sing
Isac became a personal friend of " Vieaţa Nouă " editor , the Symbolist promoter and philologist Ovid Densusianu .	Sing
In April of that year , Emil Isac also joined the circle formed around Ion Minulescu and his rebelliously Symbolist magazine , the Bucharest-based " Insula " .	Sing
In the end , Isac opted to throw his support behind the unionist movement .	Sing
Back in Cluj , Isac entered Romanian government service as superintendent of Transylvanian and Banat theaters ( an office he kept from 1920 to 1940 ) .	Sing
During World War II and after the cession of Northern Transylvania to Hungary , Isac left Cluj for the part of the country still controlled by Bucharest .	Sing
However , in autumn 2004 , Isac was one of the contributors whose work was paid homage to in " Steaua " magazine 's 50th anniversary issue .	Sing
At Wembley Wrexham faced North Ferriby United , a part-time side from the Conference North .	Sing
On January 21 , 2010 Crate announced that the name of their new project would be " Grim Dawn " .	Sing
Lisette got her interested in romantic novels long before many other girls her age .	Sing
Adoption to them would have been unsuitable as it would not change " the blood " of Eliza .	Sing
Illness prevented Beal from painting in oil as spontaneously as he would have liked , and by 1940 he almost stopped painting .	Sing
Previously , Munson was senior vice president of Recycled Energy Development ( RED ) , an Illinois-based industrial waste-to-energy company .	Sing
Munson currently sits on the boards of Elevate Energy , Center for Neighborhood Technology , Illinois Environment Council and Greenleaf Advisors .	Sing
Non-store retailing is the selling of goods and services outside the confines of a retail facility .	Sing
Distance selling includes mail order , catalogue sales , telephone solicitations and automated vending .	Sing
Electronic commerce includes online shopping , internet trading platforms , travel portals , global distribution systems and teleshopping .	Sing
Direct selling includes party sales and all forms of selling in consumers ’ homes and offices , including even garage sales .	Sing
Non-store retailing , sometimes also labelled ‘ home shopping ’ , is consistently achieving double-digit growth , and slowly taking a bigger share of overall retailing .	Sing
The UB 50 followed up with the sinking of the Norwegian steamer " John Knudsen " , killing one .	Sing
Later that day UB 50 encountered the " Senegal " , an Italian steamer , sinking her off the coast of Algeria with no casualties .	Sing
UB 50 attacked the " Antaeus " , a British steamer , three days later off Cape Bon .	Sing
The last ship sunk on the patrol was the " Antonio S. " , a Italian sailboat sunk off the coast of Tunisia .	Sing
The " Britannia " was on a voyage to Gibraltar when she was torpedoed off Cape Trafalgar .	Sing
The " Britannia " stayed at 10-degrees for 2 ½ hours before sinking .	Sing
Polyplax spinulosa is a sucking louse ( Anoplura ) from the genus " Polyplax " .	Sing
Mahlon Barnes died February 22 , 1934 .	Sing
The canyon contains Rucker Creek , ( Rucker Wash ) , and upstream closer to the headwaters , the small Rucker Lake .	Sing
Raskin worked as an associate at Arnold & Porter and as counsel for the U.S. Senate Banking Committee .	Sing
Raskin also served as chief financial regulator for Maryland .	Sing
As a member of the Federal Reserve Board , Raskin gained a reputation as someone focused on consumer protection and income inequality .	Sing
Upon confirmation , Raskin became the highest-ranked woman in the history of the Treasury Department .	Sing
During the 2017-18 academic year , Raskin is a Distinguished Visiting Professor at the University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Law .	Sing
On 29 February 1876 , Lord Northbrook , Governor-General of India , promulgated an ordinance .	Sing
Vincenzo Zazzaro ( born January 2 , 1951 in Quarto ) is a retired Italian professional football player .	Sing
Other infractions could incur fines , including the use of profanity , the wearing of boots , quoting scripture during debate , and whittling .	Plur
Macrocephaly-capillary malformation ( M-CM ) is a multiple malformation syndrome causing abnormal body and head overgrowth and cutaneous , vascular , neurologic , and limb abnormalities .	Sing
Such cerebellar tonsil herniation may occur in up to 70 % of children with M-CM .	Sing
Estelle died after drowning in the rain .	Sing
Damo ( ) is an ancient town in northeastern Somalia .	Sing
The common logarithm in particular is ( )	Sing
After another out , Bearden came on the mound in the bottom of the first .	Sing
Boudreau and Joe Gordon hit back-to-back singles , which brought Keltner to the plate .	Sing
Kinder responded by getting the next three batters out , which brought the score to 5 – 1 as Doby also scored .	Sing
Boudreau then stepped up to the plate and hit his second home run of the night to make the score 6 – 1 .	Sing
The sirens did sound , but it was instead for a fire in the Boston navy yard .	Plur
DiMaggio 's four at-bats in the game also gave him the league lead with 648 , four ahead of Bob Dillinger of the St. Louis Browns .	Plur
Marcello Campolonghi ( born 15 February 1975 ) is an Italian former footballer who played as a forward .	Sing
In 2003 , Atlantic Ambulance purchased North Shore Ambulance company .	Sing
Pollitt made his first-class debut for the North in 1847 against the Marylebone Cricket Club .	Sing
Pollitt played one further match for Middlesex against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1851 .	Sing
In 1851 , Pollitt made his debut for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Sussex .	Sing
Pollitt also played an additional first-class match for Marylebone Cricket Club and Metropolitan Clubs against an All-England Eleven in 1850 .	Sing
Pollitt died in 1860 at Brighton , Sussex .	Sing
Alcatraz Versus the Knights of Crystallia is a juvenile fiction novel by Brandon Sanderson , published in October 2009 by Scholastic Press .	Sing
Alcatraz has finally made it to Nalhalla , location of the Smedry family 's home and Crystallia , the kingdom of the Crystin Knights .	Sing
Folsom Smedry has the talent of being an extremely bad dancer , which is later passed onto Himalaya .	Sing
Aarhus is an H chondrite meteorite that fell to earth on 2 October 1951 at 18 : 15 in Aarhus , Denmark .	Sing
The meteor split just before the otherwise undramatic impact and two pieces were recovered .	Sing
Allegan is an H chondrite meteorite that fell to earth on July 10 , 1899 in Michigan , United States .	Sing
Allegan weighed around fifty pounds after its landing .	Sing
Akbarpur is an H chondrite meteorite that fell to earth on April 18 , 1838 , in Uttar Pradesh , India .	Plur
Falcón has stated that he was once a Chavista , though he separated from the movement when he began to disagree with its direction .	Sing
Falcón stated that Venezuela 's governmental model was " finished " though he cautioned a " jump from one extreme to another " .	Sing
Aloe thraskii ( Dune Aloe ) is a South African plant in the genus " Aloe " .	Sing
The Dune Aloe is a tall , fast-growing , un-branched Aloe , which develops a very large rosette .	Sing
Badshah created , executive produced , wrote , and starred in CBC 's first web comedy series " Bloody Immigrants " .	Sing
Various munition works and a Luftwaffe air base near Dedelstorf generated additional business during the 1930s and in the Second World War .	Sing
One dealer may only need a single table for his display , but the next dealer may need six or eight contiguous tables for the same purpose .	Sing
R21 runs during the early mornings and late evenings only .	Sing
Later , the nearby Susa became culturally dominant in this area .	Sing
On April 17 , 2010 Selby committed to the Kansas Jayhawks at the 2010 Jordan Brand Classic at Madison Square Garden live on ESPN2 .	Sing
Selby picked the Jayhawks over a final list of teams including Kentucky , UConn , Arizona and Tennessee .	Sing
Selby was the highest rated player ever signed by Kansas coach Bill Self as he was the # 1 rated recruit on the recruiting website Rivals.com .	Sing
Selby was also the winner of the dunk contest before the game .	Sing
Selby had acknowledged a friendship with Anthony in past interviews and spoke of his contact with Frazier in an April story in The New York Times .	Sing
On April 14 , 2011 Selby announced via Twitter that he would enter his name in the 2011 NBA Draft .	Sing
On December 10 , 2011 , Selby signed a contract with the Memphis Grizzlies .	Sing
In the 2012 NBA Summer League , Selby earned co-MVP honors with Damian Lillard .	Sing
Bredbury and Woodley is an electoral ward in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport .	Sing
Saas is a station on the Landquart-Davos railway line .	Sing
Concha has directed commercials in Sweden and USA for brands like Sony , IKEA and Betsson .	Sing
Manuel Concha developed and directed the TV-series " Elsas Värld " based on the book of Sofi Fahrman " Elsas Mode " .	Sing
Klosters Dorf is a station on the Landquart-Davos railway line .	Sing
By the end of the 1950s " The Pic " had become an important meeting place for SLATE , the progressive student party at U.C .	Sing
Scherr ran the Steppenwolf for seven years , selling it in 1965 for $ 10,000 , which he used to launch the " Barb " .	Sing
Scherr stayed on as editor emeritus until 1978 .	Sing
Tadeusz Friedrich ( 7 July 1903 – 10 October 1976 ) was a Polish fencer .	Sing
Dabo Lere was of Hausa-Fulani origin .	Sing
Dabo Lere set up a 7-person judicial committee to investigate the crisis , but neither side was satisfied .	Sing
Dabo Lere eventually made a broadcast at 7 p.m. on 17 May , calling for a curfew , which was ignored .	Sing
In 2001 , Dabo Lere led the supporters of Ibrahim Babangida in the North .	Sing
Dabo Lere died of a stroke in Abuja on 18 February 2002 , aged 64 .	Sing
Lavin is a station on the Pontresina-Scuol-Tarasp railway line .	Sing
Guarda is a station on the Pontresina-Scuol-Tarasp railway line .	Sing
Stansfield implemented various reforms which included variation of diet and helped construct a swimming pool at the mission .	Sing
The abandoned Milne Townsite lies on the northern shore of the lake .	Sing
" Acción Católica " also voiced support for the strike .	Sing
Kovacs began the show with this :	Plur
A maid sucks up pieces of crumpled paper with an invisible vacuum cleaner .	Sing
Kinsella and Pence described it as one of many species of " Capillaria " , a large and taxonomically difficult genus .	Sing
The cuticle , the surface layer , is smooth .	Sing
In " A. putorii " , the lateral alae are much longer and reach the ala at the tip .	Sing
Her film GOD SLEEPS IN RWANDA garnered international awards and was featured on HBO .	Sing
Parma Associazione Calcio did not manage to compete for a much-vaunted first Serie A title , which still proved elusive .	Sing
Habeeb Mohamed Mohamed Harees ( ஹபீப் முஹம்மட் முஹம்மட் ஹரீஸ் ) is a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament .	Sing
Sabu 's mastaba in Saqqara ( Mariette 's E1 ) contains several inscriptions showing how the pharaoh favored him .	Sing
Jacqui is a given name , usually a diminutive form of Jacqueline .	Sing
Hatch graduated from Barnard College in 1949 .	Sing
Dupree first arrived in Afghanistan in 1962 as a diplomat 's wife .	Sing
Dupree divided her time between Afghanistan and her other home in North Carolina .	Sing
Dupree died after battling an illness in Kabul , Afghanistan , at the age of 89 .	Sing
Ghani added that Nancy " considered Afghanistan her real home and willed to be buried in Kabul next to the tomb of her husband . "	Sing
Lorillard started the trend with their Kent cigarette .	Sing
Though not officially released in other regions , the Blu-ray for the season one release is available via import .	Sing
Featuring only acoustic instruments , " Naposletku ... " is Balašević 's first completely folk rock-oriented album .	Sing
Herseth proved to be skillful fund raiser and as a result was able to stay close to her opponent in campaign funds .	Sing
Herseth accused the ad of being " both inaccurate and offensive . "	Sing
The NRCC pulled the ad within less than forty-eight hours in response to the bipartisan criticisms of both candidates .	Sing
Herseth won the seat in a special election less than eighteen months later after Janklow resigned in January 2004 following a conviction of vehicular manslaugter .	Sing
A year after his release , Underhill became locally known as the " Lovers Lane Bandit " .	Sing
A day after Akins ' death , Underhill robbed a movie theater for $ 52 in Picher , Oklahoma .	Sing
The next day , Patrolman Merle Colver arrived at the hotel .	Sing
By the early 1930s , Underhill had become one of the most notorious bandits in Oklahoma .	Sing
With Bailey serving a life sentence , Underhill took charge of the gang .	Sing
Underhill was now attracting national media attention .	Sing
Colvin soon discovered that Underhill had given his wife 's address in Oklahoma City to the minister who married them in order to receive their marriage certificate .	Sing
However , Underhill had passed them earlier on the highway and was able to escape before police realized their mistake .	Sing
Underhill and his gang continued to remain active in the area .	Sing
When called on to surrender , Underhill began firing resulting in the task force returning fire .	Sing
Ravel 's " Pavane for a Dead Princess " comprises the musical score .	Sing
R.J. Reynolds promoted its brand of menthol cigarettes , Salem , in an effort to achieve the same results .	Sing
Kool began using hip-hop brands with popular DJ 's emblazoned on packs of Kool Menthol Caribbean Chill to entice minorities .	Sing
The steppe here was once home to elk and grizzly bears , but these species have been extirpated from the plains .	Sing
The GHSA held football championship games here in 1970 , 1972 , 1973 , 1993 , and 1995 .	Sing
The Tadvi Bhil is a tribal community found in the states of Maharashtra , Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan in India .	Sing
The Tadvi Bhil inhabit an area which roughly covers the border areas of the states of Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra .	Sing
Childish Gambino , the music project of actor and comedian Donald Glover , signed with Glassnote Records in September 2011 .	Sing
" The Nineties " ) is the tenth studio album released by Serbian and former Yugoslav singer-songwriter Đorđe Balašević .	Sing
Oiler Park was a stadium located in Tulsa , Oklahoma .	Sing
Minuscule 689 ( in the Gregory-Aland numbering ) , ε326 ( von Soden ) , is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament , on parchment .	Sing
Barba despaired at not being able to receive it on a frequent basis .	Sing
Barba made her initial profession on 17 April 1921 and later made her perpetual profession on 23 April 1924 .	Sing
The prioress also helped to secure the return of the friars of the order to the Sicilian region .	Sing
Barba spent hours before the Eucharist .	Sing
KY 1632 begins at an intersection with KY 9 in Wilder , heading east on two-lane undivided Moock Road .	Sing
KY 1632 comes to its eastern terminus at an intersection with US 27 in Southgate just northwest of an interchange with I-471 .	Sing
Bakhtiar Rahmani ( ; born September 23 , 1991 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Sepahan in the Persian Gulf Pro League .	Sing
Rahmani has played his entire career for Foolad .	Sing
Animal husbandry and poultry are secondary occupations .	Sing
The Muley Jat have a tribal council , known as a khap panchayat .	Sing
Like the Ranghar , the Muley Jat are strictly endogamous , and practice the custom of gotra and village exogamy .	Sing
The Muley Jat continue to speak a Haryanvi dialect which is often called Ranghari , and culturally close to the larger Muslim Rajput community .	Sing
Kickstarter is an American public-benefit corporation based in Brooklyn , New York , that maintains a global crowdfunding platform focused on creativity and merchandising .	Sing
Kickstarter launched on April 28 , 2009 , by Perry Chen , Yancey Strickler , and Charles Adler .	Sing
On February 14 , 2013 , Kickstarter released an iOS app called Kickstarter for the iPhone .	Sing
In July 2017 , Strickler announced his resignation .	Sing
Kickstarter is one of a number of crowdfunding platforms for gathering money from the public , which circumvents traditional avenues of investment .	Sing
Kickstarter applies a 5 % fee on the total amount of the funds raised .	Sing
Unlike many forums for fundraising or investment , Kickstarter claims no ownership over the projects and the work they produce .	Sing
On June 21 , 2012 , Kickstarter began publishing statistics on its projects .	Sing
In 2010 Kickstarter had 3,910 successful projects and $ 27,638,318 pledged .	Sing
On February 9 , 2012 , Kickstarter hit a number of milestones .	Sing
Creators categorize their projects into one of 13 categories and 36 subcategories .	Plur
Kickstarter has additional requirements for hardware and product design projects .	Sing
In 1947 , Baroja bought a house on a olive grove in Tendilla known as " El Parador del Tío Ruperto " in the province of Guadalajara .	Sing
Yale awarded him an honorary Doctor of laws degree in 1903 .	Sing
The Guide Bleu is a series of French-language travel guides published by Hachette Livre , which started in 1841 as the " Guide Joanne " .	Sing
Starting with a guide to Switzerland ( 1841 ) , Adolphe Joanne published a series of guidebooks in France under the name Guides Joanne .	Sing
" " Architecture is an expression of culture .	Sing
Despite some similarities to the chaetognaths , its affinity is unknown , though recent data suggest it may be affiliated with hemichordates .	Sing
There is no well-defined furrow between the front of the glabellum and the anterior border furrow .	Sing
The anterior border furrow usually shows a series of radiating ridges ( like spokes ) , a widespread feature among eodiscids .	Sing
Alessio Curcio ( born March 12 , 1990 ) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for Vicenza .	Sing
Curcio made 6 starts out of 15 appearances for Juventus Primavera reserve team in 2008 – 09 season , scoring 2 goals .	Sing
RTÉ publicly confirmed on 14 May 2010 Easy TV was " declining their offer to pursue negotiations " on the DTT contract .	Sing
The BAI officially confirmed Easy TV 's withdrawal and the conclusion of the current DTT licensing process on 18 May 2010 .	Sing
RTÉ propose a number of extra channels to be freely available unencrypted across the Republic of Ireland .	Sing
Sports Pack - € TBD " ' ( " Subject to change " )	Sing
Early in the two weeks , Leni brings the boys a gift of a salamander , which is promptly forgotten about and starves to death .	Sing
On his first weekend with the boys , Lenny goes out drinking and hooks up with a girl named Roberta .	Sing
Lenny has a scheduling mixup at his job , working a shift when he was supposed to pick the kids up from school .	Sing
In order to make time for a date with Leni , Lenny hires his neighbor Jake to watch the kids for a night .	Sing
Lenny has a doctor friend diagnose them , learning that they will be unconscious for the next two days minimum .	Sing
After Lenny returns home from jail , Sage and Frey finally wake up .	Sing
After having a surreal nightmare about the giant mosquito , Lenny abducts his sons from school , convincing their nanny that there was a scheduling mix-up .	Sing
This primitive mammalian dentition is unique among Proboscideans .	Sing
The first incisor is relatively large and asymmetric and already showed signs of reduction .	Sing
" Southern Constellations " is about Fuentes ' fascination with Southern girls .	Plur
McKinnon screamed the chorus and bridge sections , which made the collaboration " very special " to Fuentes .	Sing
" The New National Anthem " is about a night when Fuentes was visiting a girl and they were making out in the dark in her apartment .	Sing
Beringer also mentions the auto-tune , saying that it " rears its ugly head " on " Million Dollar Houses ( The Painter ) " .	Sing
Princeton won district championships in 1948 , 1972 , 1974 , 1975 and 1976 when only one team per district made the playoffs .	Sing
In the new format where 4 teams from each district make the playoffs , Princeton has added two more district championships in 2013 and 2017 .	Sing
In June 2010 Juve gave up the remain 50 % registration rights to Canavese .	Sing
PACE has hosted and participated in a number of events worldwide to help raise awareness about pneumococcal disease .	Sing
PACE issued a Global Call to Action on Pneumococcal Disease Prevention , urging governments to take steps to make financing available for access to pneumococcal vaccines .	Sing
Rwanda announced that they would be one of the first two countries to introduce the pneumococcal vaccine into its national immunization program in the spring of 2009 .	Sing
In October 2009 , PACE conducted a briefing and one-on-one meetings with members of the European Parliament and European Commission to recommend action on pneumococcal disease .	Sing
Cladogram simplified after Cabreira " et al " . , 2016 :	Sing
Tyner was the USBO welterweight champion .	Sing
On December 5 , 2009 Tyner lost to the Mexican Canelo Álvarez .	Sing
On August 18 , 2012 , Tyner defeated then-undefeated Charles Hatley in a one-round TKO , and won vacant WBC United States ( USNBC ) welterweight title .	Sing
His father Massena Erskine was a partner in the J.I .	Sing
The caecum is very large , covering most of the initial chamber .	Sing
Septal curvature is relatively shallow .	Sing
A Pauper in Paradise is the fifth studio album by Italian-Canadian singer Gino Vannelli .	Sing
This was at the time neoclassicism was beginning to eclipse Baroque architecture in Spain .	Sing
Forbes cut ballast bags to slow their descent , and the balloon 's fabric folded in on itself against the balloon 's netting , slowing it slightly .	Sing
Holliday sought a split after two years of marriage .	Sing
Loeb and Churchill provided the first instance of stability , working together on fifteen of the twenty issues from # 20 – 39 .	Sing
The " Druid " sub-class was an enlarged and improved version of the Serinapatam design , modified with a circular stern .	Sing
Border Imperialism is a concept first introduced by activist and author , Harsha Walia , and the topic of her book , " Undoing Border Imperialism " .	Sing
Marxist philosopher , Etienne Balibar , once said " Borders are vacillating … they are no longer at the border . "	Sing
Imperialism uses stories and academia to make colonialism seem natural by “ [ superseding ] the conditions of its operation , ”	Sing
Describing globalization , Liz Fekete of the Institute of Race Relations emphasizes that terms like ‘ First World ’ ‘ Third World ’ are misleading .	Sing
Manga Entertainment listed Harlacher among their top 5 English voice actresses .	Sing
The Westlands Constituency was a marginal seat , and Wlaji challenged the incumbent Njoroge Mungai for the KANU by nomination .	Plur
q Eridani refers to 2 distinct star systems in the constellation Eridanus :	Sing
Thematically , Maxon intended to contrast the transience of human civilization with the permanence of nature .	Sing
Maxon describes the game as " post-human " rather than " post-apocalyptic " because of the absence of human NPCs .	Sing
Hultgren was in charge of technology development relating to chemical and biological defense capabilities .	Sing
Hultgren sprayed dead " Bacillus subtilis " , a common , non-toxic , food-grade bacterium , in subway tunnels .	Sing
In his appeal , Jumblatt stated that without Ismail 's intervention , the Druze were threatened with extermination .	Sing
In November 1866 , Rashid Pasha , the " wali " ( governor ) of Syria Vilayet , which included Jabal Hauran , invited Ismail to Damascus .	Sing
Condé worked in what is known as the golden age of American illustration in the early 20th century .	Sing
The shareholding in the stock of the bank , is as illustrated in the table below :	Sing
" Londinium " is a song recorded by the Welsh band Catatonia , taken from their third studio album , " Equally Cursed and Blessed " .	Sing
The " Druid " sub-class was an enlarged and improved version of the Serinapatam design , modified with a circular stern .	Sing
While visiting a shrine , manga author Hoshino Taguchi thought to himself to whom he was praying to .	Sing
Orihime initially asks Yasuke to make her happy which will lift the curse , but due to his childhood friend storming off he is upset with her .	Sing
Akari is not convinced but feels better after Hinata introduces herself as Orihime 's sister , and asks her to break the two up .	Sing
Hinata later reveals herself to be Amaterasu , goddess to the universe who declares that she is going to reseal Orihime into the mirror .	Sing
Amaterasu eventually also falls in love with Yasuke , and a third heroine named Izuna Amatake is introduced who also falls for him .	Sing
Orihime becomes purified so she can no longer cause calamity , and they all decide to live together .	Sing
Leonie Meijer ( born September 4 , 1985 ) is a Dutch singer and songwriter .	Sing
Meijer released the album " NJ 123 " in October 2017 , and toured with " Hier " .	Sing
Humidity can also aid the growth of pests and mold .	Sing
Pollutants found in the air can interact with materials on woodblock prints and cause them to deteriorate at a quicker rate .	Plur
Some organic colorants may even dissolve when exposed to water .	Plur
Sometimes flattening can be unnecessary , such as when storing items in a folder may be suitable instead .	Sing
Humidity flattening techniques often involve using humidity to help flatten paper objects ; however , this technique can cause further damage to prints that have water-soluble colorants .	Sing
The " Druid " sub-class was an enlarged and improved version of the Serinapatam design , modified with a circular stern .	Sing
The pharmacy made Thaulow very wealthy .	Sing
Gaby André ( 1920 – 1972 ) was a French film actress .	Sing
The " Andromeda " sub-class was a slightly enlarged and improved version of the " Druid " sub-class , with a more powerful armament .	Sing
" Stag " had a length at the gundeck of and at the keel .	Sing
The primary outlier was Alaska , which experienced its coldest January on record .	Sing
On October 20 , 2011 , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Climate Prediction Center issued its U.S. Winter Outlook .	Sing
Lesser but still significant snowfall fell over parts of Nebraska from North Platte to near Omaha .	Sing
The only fatality reported to have occurred due to the storm occurred in Minnesota , with the death being attributed to exposure to extremely cold temperatures .	Sing
Late on November 27 , cyclogenesis began over the Southeast , at which point the rain swath became progressively more post-frontal .	Sing
On December 19 – 20 , a cut-off upper-level low traced a path eastward across the southwestern U.S. then northeastward toward the southern plains .	Sing
Monette Dinay ( 1906 – 1986 ) was a French film actress .	Sing
Ho Ho Lun grew up as a fan of professional wrestling .	Sing
After being influenced by the stars of the World Wrestling Federation and New Japan Pro Wrestling , Lun aspired to become a professional wrestler .	Sing
In 2012 , Lun challenged Jason Lee for the AWGC Junior Heavyweight Championship but fell short .	Sing
During his 2013 European trip , Lun also wrestled in Spain and Portugal .	Sing
Lun returned to Zero1 in 2014 , where he wrestled primarily on the promotion 's events held in North-Eastern Japan .	Sing
During his 2014 Japanese tour , Lun would also wrestle for longtime Japanese independent group Michinoku Pro Wrestling .	Sing
In 2016 , Lun returned to Japan for the first time in two years , wrestling in Yokohama for Land 's End Pro Wrestling .	Sing
Since 2010 , Lun has wrestled for many other companies in Taiwan including Impact Wrestling LOVE ( IWL ) and New Taiwan Wrestling ( NTW ) .	Sing
Lun has challenged for the NTW Tag Team Championship on multiple occasions .	Sing
On the 8 March , 2017 , episode of NXT , Lun made an appearance , in a losing effort to Andrade Almas .	Sing
" Your Squaw Is on the Warpath ( song )	Sing
" Your Squaw Is on the Warpath " is a song written and originally performed by American country music artist Loretta Lynn .	Sing
The Great Boomerang is a 1941 non-fiction book by Ion Idriess .	Sing
Malvern Gardens is a small , upper-middle class neighborhood in the West End of Richmond , Virginia .	Sing
In 1986 , Buckler formed Slint with David Pajo and former Squirrel Bait members Brian McMahan and Britt Walford .	Sing
Bunbury is a suburb of the city of Bunbury , and includes the city 's central business district ( CBD ) .	Sing
Siddiq signed them and released their 2005 album " Deadlivers , " with most production handled by Mr. Hill .	Sing
Like previous albums , " Nervous Hvnd " released with a music video featuring short snippets from the album .	Sing
" You Wanna Give Me a Lift " is a song co-written by American country music artist Loretta Lynn and her sister Peggy Sue Wells .	Sing
Llantrisant Castle is a ruined castle in Llantrisant , Rhondda Cynon Taf , Glamorgan , Wales .	Sing
There is no certainty for how long a period the castle was used as a residence .	Sing
Humphrey de Bohun was to take the command .	Sing
Fridtjof Nansen wrote about them towards the end of the 19th century :	Sing
Possession of heroin is a felony .	Sing
Etheridge and Hogan had become personal and professional friends .	Sing
" When the Tingle Becomes a Chill ( song )	Sing
The Gadsden Purchase and negotiation determined that new boundary .	Sing
The Aristotle Metadata Registry ( or Aristotle-MDR ) is an open-source Metadata Registry framework based on the ISO / IEC 11179 standard for Metadata Registries .	Sing
Groh expanded to a second location in Fishtown which opened on April 1 , 2015 .	Sing
The " Andromeda " sub-class was a slightly enlarged and improved version of the " Druid " sub-class , with a more powerful armament .	Sing
" Seahorse " had a length at the gundeck of and at the keel .	Sing
McKinsey & Company drafted the initial strategy of the Center .	Sing
Yanukovych largely ignored this Coordination Centre .	Sing
The " Andromeda " sub-class was a slightly enlarged and improved version of the " Druid " sub-class , with a more powerful armament .	Sing
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. ( BIL ) is a Luxembourgish bank .	Sing
In 2012 Dexia sold BIL for € 730 million to Precision Capital .	Sing
Everything We Loved is a 2014 New Zealand drama film written and directed by Max Currie .	Sing
After touring Harold 's miniature town , Allard selects it as the site of a year-end party for some of his fellow students .	Sing
While skinny dipping in Lilliputown 's large pond , Allard again forces himself sexually on , this time , Naomi , in full view of Mary .	Sing
Allard is last seen leaving " for his home in Leah , where he stayed a few days before heading west . "	Sing
HMS " Sparrow " was a 10-gun built for the Royal Navy during the 1820s .	Sing
" Sparrow " had a length at the gundeck of and at the keel .	Sing
Arnstein fired Fallon and was later found guilty .	Sing
Fallon died at the early age of 41 on April 29 , 1927 from complications of his excessive lifestyle .	Sing
Mandela held his 75th birthday celebration in the hotel 's ballroom on July 17 , 1993 , attended by over 650 guests .	Sing
Transnet has , however , occasionally rented out the hotel for functions and film shoots .	Sing
Volkswagen held the launch of their Golf 5 GTI in the Carlton 's fourth-floor ballroom in April 2005 .	Sing
According to de Dominici , Sister Luisa Capomazza improved her painting with study and practice .	Sing
Apolinario " Polin " Belisle Gómez ( born July 2 , 1966 ) is a former marathon runner .	Sing
Elio is an Italian singer and musician .	Sing
Elio may also refer to :	Sing
Paraiso joins in " Eew Stories " on Carefree Pantiliners , After more than a five-year-long hiatus , GMA Network re-launched StarStruck for its sixth season .	Sing
Puka Chuku lies southeast of Puka Urqu .	Sing
Goethe was the eldest child of August and Ottilie von Goethe .	Sing
Goethe died 1885 on a journey to Leipzig .	Sing
Goethe was the last descendant of the poet and , like his brother and sister , had no descendants .	Sing
Kissing Point Fortification is a heritage-listed fortification at 38-40 Howitt Street , North Ward , City of Townsville , Queensland , Australia .	Sing
An iron palisade was to further protect this battery , with gates toward the northern end of the rear wall .	Sing
A narrow passageway or trench led from this platform to a small DRF trench , square in plan with rounded corners , sitting near the sea cliffs .	Sing
A slight depression corresponding to its general dimensions is all the remains above ground of this feature .	Sing
Gwilym joined BBC Wales in the 1980s and produced and directed numerous documentary television programmes over two decades .	Sing
Gwilym died of a sudden cerebral hemorrhage on 21 July 2010 ; she was 55 years old .	Sing
Syed Fazal Ali Shah Jillani is a Pakistani politician , and parliamentarian .	Sing
Vittoria is a suburb of the city of Bunbury comprising the Bunbury port .	Sing
Eglwys Sant Ioan , or Church of St John , is an Anglican church in the town of Carmarthen , Carmarthenshire , Wales .	Sing
Duet is an album by vocalist June Christy and pianist Stan Kenton with featuring performances of jazz standards recorded in 1955 and released on the Capitol label .	Sing
Annamma Betta is the seat of the Stations of the Cross for two centuries .	Sing
Ravindra Kumar Ramavath is an Indian politician from Telangana belonging to Telangana rastra samithi .	Sing
Muzaffarnagar , Sardhana , Thana Bhawan , and Shamli are nearby cities .	Sing
Eventually , the real Ultraman appears & battles with his impostor .	Sing
As the players drive away from the Legion Soldiers , Gamera flies in to deal with the situation	Sing
The Yakuza ambushes the player once again .	Sing
Katarina got married for Ulrich II , Count of Celje ( 1406 — 1456 ) on 20 of April 1434 .	Sing
Kantakuzina Katarina Branković gave birth to three children , Herman ( † 1451 ) , George ( † 1441 ) and Elisabeth ( 1441 — 1455 ) .	Sing
Prior to her death Katarina relinquish her possession of Krško and right on yearly allowances .	Sing
Metropolitanate of Zagreb and Ljubljana was also awarding Order of Kantakuzina Katarina Branković .	Sing
Tupi codice _ 1 is a bundle of hair usually kept by the Hindu people .	Sing
" Don Sancho " takes place in an Oxford College garden and features the ghosts of William Shakespeare and John Dryden .	Sing
" The Snail : Or the Lady 's Lucubrations " ( 1745 ) was an ambitious project to produce a regular periodical aimed at aristocratic Ladies .	Sing
Ekkehard Kyrath ( 1909 – 1962 ) was a German cinematographer .	Sing
However , Caskey did not resume her work at the site as she had divorced her husband .	Sing
Caskey died in January 1994 in Lynchburg , where she had spent her retirement days .	Sing
The baptismal font is a finely-carved ashlar bowl standing on marble legs .	Sing
Despite the fire , the very large pre-Norman baptismal font , which might be as old as 8th century , survived .	Sing
" Priory Alley " ) is a street in the Old Town of Copenhagen , Denmark .	Sing
Padmavathi was first women contestant from Kodad Assembly constituency .	Sing
Constellation is the first EP released by Norwegian experimental black metal band Arcturus .	Sing
Gildersleeve left school at 18 , and joined Shell as a clerk .	Sing
Swannell worked in investment banking for 33 years with Schroders and Citigroup .	Sing
Zion or Seion Baptist Chapel is a Baptist chapel in the town of Llanelli , Carmarthenshire , Wales .	Sing
Duggan died in June 1993 and his funeral was held at St Patrick 's Cathedral and proceeded to the Drayton and Toowoomba Cemetery .	Sing
Duggan was the state president of the Shop Assistants Union and also president of the Toowoomba branch of the ALP at just 21 years of age .	Sing
Duggan , the sole minister not to defect , succeeded Gair as state Labor leader .	Sing
When Gair 's government sought supply , Duggan led Labor to vote against the motion .	Sing
At the ensuing election , Duggan led Labor to second place in the overall vote and 20 seats .	Sing
Duggan became the ALP candidate for Wood 's seat of North Toowoomba .	Sing
Duggan served as opposition leader until 1966 , a time filled with difficulty .	Sing
Having left state politics , Duggan remained in public life .	Sing
Acacia deficiens is a tree or shrub belonging to the genus " Acacia " and the subgenus " Phyllodineae " .	Sing
The prostrate spreading shrub typically grows to a height of .	Sing
Valerio Binasco ( born 20 June 1964 ) is an Italian actor , stage director and playwright .	Sing
Acacia delphina is a shrub belonging to the genus " Acacia " and the subgenus " Phyllodineae " .	Sing
Gar Tsangpo ( ; ) or Gar River is in Ngari , Tibet , China .	Sing
Oni is a small village in Ratnagiri district , Maharashtra state in Western India .	Sing
Oni is 30 hectares in size .	Sing
Balasaheb Mahadu Sanap is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.He is a first term member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly .	Sing
Larazotide acetate is a synthetic peptide based on a " Vibrio cholerae " enterotoxin called zonula occludens toxin that increases intestinal permeability .	Sing
Shivajinagar is a small village in Ratnagiri district , Maharashtra state in Western India .	Sing
Shivajinagar is 454.37 hectares in size .	Sing
South Bunbury is a beachside suburb in Bunbury , Western Australia .	Sing
Responsibility for junior cadet training reverted to the states while senior cadet training no longer really existed beyond physical training and rifle practice .	Sing
In August 2012 , Giwa returned to Nigeria .	Sing
Chiplun , Mahad , Mahabaleswar , and Ratnagiri are the nearest cities to Kolthare , while also located close to the Sea .	Sing
BJP , NCP , INC , SHS are the major political parties in this area .	Plur
Khed is the only nearby town to have road connectivity to Kolthare .	Sing
Muslim historian Ibn al-Athir narrates that the Muslims inflicted many casualties among the attackers .	Sing
Among his conclusions was that appropriate nutrition during pregnancy and infancy was an important factor for the mental development of the children .	Sing
Kelso died in January 1956 and was cremated at the Mt Thompson Crematorium .	Sing
Kelso , a member of the Queensland United Party , won the seat of Nundah in the Queensland Assembly in 1923 .	Sing
The 6th convocation of the Sukhumi City Council has been in office since 13 April 2016 .	Sing
" Tip of My Tongue " is a song by Australian rock musician , Diesel .	Sing
Shopping City Timișoara is a shopping mall located in Timișoara , Romania .	Sing
Shopping City Timișoara also houses six bank agencies and a post office .	Sing
In 1976 , Rochat produced " Sex O 'Clock USA " , a French non-fiction feature documentary directed by François Reichenbach .	Sing
In 1990 , Rochat produced " The 5th Monkey " .	Sing
As a Christian centre , Llandeilo dates back to the sixth century .	Sing
Pastoralists had pushed the frontier of non-Indigenous settlement north as far as Rockhampton by the late 1850s .	Plur
By the late nineteenth century , Townsville had established the necessary infrastructure to be the dominant city of the north .	Sing
By 1940 , when the Second World War was being fought predominantly in Europe and North Africa , Townsville had a population of about 30,000 .	Sing
Civil aviation also continued at the site during this period .	Sing
Townsville became the base for North East Area Command , with its major responsibility the protecting of sea lanes to the north to Port Moresby .	Sing
Camouflage is an important component of the art of warfare .	Sing
The traverse is also no longer extant , demolished at an unknown date .	Sing
The forge closed in 1840 and many of the workers moved away .	Sing
At the Northern Europeans in Limerick in 2015 , O ’ Reilly claimed a number of silver medals including Individual All Around and with the Irish Team .	Sing
Fun Palaces are community events , created by and for local people .	Plur
The TAC Cup Nanjing Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Nanjing , China since 2016 .	Sing
Sightings of this shape have never been clear enough for its physical form to be identified .	Plur
Shenzhen has an extensive transport network , including various forms of land , water and air transport .	Sing
Shenzhen Tram is a light rail system in Longhua District , Shenzhen , consisting of 11.7 km , 2 lines and 21 stations .	Sing
Shenzhen handled a record number of containers in 2005 , ranking as the world 's third-busiest port , after rising trade increased cargo shipments through the city .	Sing
Shenzhen Donghai Airlines has its head office in the Shenzhen Airlines facility on the airport property .	Sing
Nuri Gezerdaa ( 19 June 1959 – 13 April 2016 ) was an Abkhaz politician	Sing
Via Brasil was an airline established in 1999 to operate charter flights between Southeast and Northeast regions of Brazil .	Sing
Via Brasil served the following destinations :	Sing
The townland covers 155 statute acres .	Sing
Until the late 18th century , the modern townland of Cornagunleog formed part of Stranadarragh .	Sing
Shafqat Emmanuel and Shagufta Kausar are a Pakistani Christian couple who were convicted of blasphemy by a Pakistani court , receiving a sentence of death by hanging .	Sing
Marin Draganja and Henri Kontinen were the defending champions , but Draganja chose to compete in Bucharest instead .	Sing
Kontinen played alongside John Peers , but lost in the first round to Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares . < br >	Sing
On 25 January 1945 the Royal Australian Airforce established their Air Defence Headquarters in the Stuart complex ; from where they operated until 1947 .	Sing
The switchboards and other communication equipment were still largely intact .	Plur
The bunker , measuring about , has a flat concrete roof , engaged piers to the side walls and a boarded formwork finish .	Sing
The bunker consists of a main room which is two stories in height , with smaller separate rooms attached to the front .	Sing
Taekwondo fighter Sorn Seavmey , the only qualified sportswoman on merit , led the team as Cambodia 's flag bearer in the opening ceremony .	Sing
Sarang is a small village near the town of Dapoli , in Maharashtra state in Western India .	Sing
Hovhannes Azoyan ( , born on September 28 , 1982 ) , is a famous Armenian actor and presenter .	Sing
Eline Vandersteen ( born ) is a Belgian female artistic gymnast , representing her nation at international competitions .	Sing
Ethmia ustyurtensis is a moth in the Depressariidae family .	Sing
Courtney Louise McGregor ( born ) is a New Zealand representative female artistic gymnast .	Sing
Of Māori descent , McGregor affiliates to the Ngāti Kahungunu iwi .	Sing
McGregor started gymnastics at age six .	Sing
After the modest beginnings following his purchase of the then declining fitness club , Sprague managed to make Gold 's a household name .	Sing
Sprague sold Gold 's in 1979 and later moved to Eugene , Oregon to focus on his family .	Sing
Sprague began throwing in junior high school .	Sing
Only a few months after the demonstration , Thrower found out she was pregnant .	Sing
Sprague found a job , and because he was a minor , sued his parents for guardianship to clear the way for him to marry Thrower .	Sing
Sprague competed for the next five years , winning in numerous AAU championships and receiving the Mr. Cincinnati bodybuilding title in 1967 .	Sing
Sprague began attending University of Cincinnati on a track scholarship .	Sing
Sprague and Thrower divorced in 1969 .	Sing
Around that same time , Sprague became a member of Gold 's Gym in Venice , Los Angeles .	Sing
On May 26 , 1972 , Sprague became the new owner of the Gold 's Gym in Venice , California .	Sing
Sprague soon figured out that he could make just as much , if not more in the legitimate filmmaking .	Sing
In spring of 1975 , Sprague acquired a secretarial position in the Amateur Athletic Union ( AAU ) .	Sing
Sprague complied with a $ 1,000 offer and won the bid to run the 1976 contest .	Sing
In the 1980s , Sprague moved to Eugene , Oregon to be closer to his family along with his wife Donna .	Sing
Sting is the second mini-album by South Korean girl group Stellar .	Sing
All Saints Church , Ammanford is an Anglican parish church in the town of Ammanford , Carmarthenshire , Wales .	Sing
In the war against Negan , Alexandria suffered considerable damage and was overrun and temporarily abandoned .	Sing
Deanna was bit when the walkers came through , and stays behind .	Sing
The townland covers 183 statute acres .	Sing
Beathard is the son of Nashville songwriter Casey Beathard and the brother of San Francisco 49ers quarterback C. J. Beathard .	Sing
Beathard signed with Dot Records , an imprint of Big Machine Records , in 2016 and released his debut single " Rock On " .	Sing
Ore Vaanam Ore Bhoomi ( " Only one sky , only one Earth " ) is a 1979 Indian Tamil language film starring Jaishankar , K.R .	Sing
At the 1953 Cheltenham Festival the seven-year-old carried 147 pounds to victory in the National Hunt Handicap Chase .	Sing
Halloween was another four lengths back in third ahead of Mont Tremblant and Knock Hard .	Sing
Four Ten won a total of nine races between his second Gold Cup attempt and his retirement .	Sing
Adham Al-Sqour ( born ) is a Jordanian male artistic gymnast , representing his nation at international competitions .	Sing
Latu has also played for the Metropolis rugby club in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and for the San Francisco Golden Gate rugby club .	Sing
From each patron , the naming of the award after Renée Vivien was an act of remembrance .	Sing
From the outset , the " Société des gens de lettres " assumed responsibility for awarding the prize .	Sing
The townland covers 142 statute acres .	Sing
In 1745 there was one dignity and seventeen Canons .	Sing
Ade is a small village in Ratnagiri district , Maharashtra state in Western India .	Sing
Within the 11-minute duration of the video , Gladwell performs balletic freestyle skateboarding manoeuvres as a storm gathers intensity in the background .	Sing
Storm Sequence is one of the first videos to be traded as an artwork within the Australian Art market , thus launching the medium commercially in Australia .	Sing
While working within the standard gameplay functions of a Japanese role-playing game , Ando wanted to focus on the main characters ' psychology within a limited world .	Sing
In Catalonia only the 25 % of the electorate voted .	Sing
Squid The Whale ( formerly known as No , Really ! )	Sing
In 1938-1940 , during another refurbishement , Quattrocento frescoes discovered by Dante de Carolis and Mario Pesarini .	Sing
and Matisse chose his wife who left anyway in 1939 .	Sing
Matisse drew Delectorskaya in her traveling hood at the start of their journey through war-torn France .	Sing
Now 84 , Matisse died on 3 November 1954 .	Sing
The day before , when she came to his sickbed , Matisse made a last drawing – it was of her , using a ball-point pen .	Sing
Matisse gifted valuable paintings to Delectorskaya , providing for her future .	Sing
Despite this , the Jurchens renewed their war again due to Emperor Qinzong 's decisions .	Plur
Fatih TAKMAKLI ( born September 5 , 1983 ) is a Turkish author of photography category .	Sing
Le Sabre de mon père ( my father 's sabre ) is a theatre play by Roger Vitrac premiered at Théâtre de Paris in 1951 .	Sing
Neither " Colombe " nor " Le Sabre " are good plays .	Sing
The townland covers 253 statute acres .	Sing
Gaya lies in Bihar state of India , whereas Uttar Gaya is in Nepal .	Sing
Gaya Shradhda is a critical responsibility of the living generation towards their ancestors who are believed to be living in the heavenly place , " PITRILOK " .	Sing
Nepali Hindus believe that before visiting Gaya in Patna the devotee should have visited and performed Shradhda in " BETRAWATI " , the Uttar Gaya .	Sing
Isha changes her identity as Shruthi with the help of her friend Jamuna .	Sing
Shruthi comes to Ravi 's house but was shocked to know that Ravi is Sudeep 's brother .	Sing
Isha Aravind is working in Bangalore and falls in love with Sudeep who is also settled in Bangalore .	Sing
Balu is in critical danger .	Sing
Isha comes to Kerala as Sruthi , faints , and falls on the road .	Sing
Isha changes her identity to Shruthi with the help of her friend Jamuna .	Sing
Shruthi comes to Ravi 's house but is shocked to discover that Ravi is Sudeep 's brother .	Sing
Shruthi works in Arun Thomas 's Dream flower builders , he knows all the flashback incidents of Isha .	Sing
In the hospital , Balu comes and visits Cyril then the truth was revealed that it was Sudeep who is the real cheat not Cyril .	Sing
Sudeep has cheated Balu 's sister Bhama and then cheated Isha , everyone was shocked after hearing this .	Sing
Isha realises Cyril 's true love for her .	Sing
Marit Eikemo ( born 1971 ) is a Norwegian essayist , novelist , journalist and magazine editor .	Sing
Cuyler was a mayor of Albany , New York from 1770 to 1778 , he was also a businessman who made his money from importing metalware .	Sing
Cuyler decided to form a settlement Cape Breton Island for some 3,000 loyalists then in Quebec in 1766 .	Sing
Cuyler died in Montreal on February 5 , 1810 .	Sing
Sébastien Salles-Lamonge ( born 28 January 1996 ) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Deportivo Fabril .	Sing
" Snipe " had a length at the gundeck of and at the keel .	Sing
Atherton acted in the movie and television series " Nothing Too Good for a Cowboy " in 1998 .	Sing
Following an intensive market research SAAB wanted to compete with terrestrial transport in both aspects .	Sing
The T-tail kept the elevator out of the exhaust jets .	Sing
The intended turbofans were in the 10,000 lb-thrust class ( Rolls-Royce Trent ) and the passenger capacity amounted to 80 .	Plur
A8 is part of the Trans-African Highway 4 which is runs from Cairo to Gaborone through to Pretoria / Kimberly .	Sing
From this point Binga is about 155 km away .	Sing
Hwange is 105 km from Halfway House , 335 km from Bulawayo and 105 km before Victoria Falls .	Sing
The A8 is a road with tollgates at the following points .	Sing
Kinsella lived a flamboyant lifestyle , displaying his Rolls-Royce car and mixing in the highest levels of the Irish social scene , though he never drank alcohol .	Sing
Kinsella regularly took part in charity catering events , such as cooking Christmas dinners for the homeless at Dublin 's Mansion House .	Sing
Kinsella took other work , but his career never recovered and they moved to a council house in Shankill .	Sing
Diebold founded Diebold Bahmann in 1859 as a manufacturer of safes and vaults in Cincinnati , Ohio .	Sing
HMS " Falcon " was a 10-gun built for the Royal Navy during the 1810s .	Sing
" My Daddy is a Policeman " ( 2011 ) applies a colouring book format .	Sing
Abrar Ahmed ( born 31 July 1971 ) is an Indian former cricketer .	Sing
There was a small tailwheel on the fuselage under the rudder .	Sing
Sushila Karki ( born June 7 , 1952 in Biratnagar ) is a Nepalese jurist .	Sing
Faiz Ahmed ( born 21 June 1978 ) is an Indian former cricketer .	Sing
Faiz Ahmed may refer to :	Sing
Elfyn Lewis created the cover artwork for the single , which was released on 22 April 1996 .	Sing
Shoaib Ahmed ( born 19 November 1987 ) is an Indian former cricketer .	Sing
Cullen is a genus of legumes ( family Fabaceae ) native to tropical , subtropical and arid regions of Africa , Asia and Australia .	Sing
Despite the origin implied in the name of the constituent species " Cullen americanum " , legumes of this genus are not native to the Americas .	Plur
Koike and Kojima became known as the " Golden Duo " because of the success of " Lone Wolf and Cub " .	Sing
In 2011 , Koike announced his intention to write a magical girl manga series titled " Maho Shojo Mimitsuki Mimi no QED . "	Sing
Hedley Verity ( 18 May 1905 – 31 July 1943 ) was a professional cricketer who played for Yorkshire and England between 1930 and 1939 .	Sing
In that time , Verity was never lower than fifth in the bowling averages and took over 150 wickets in every year except his first .	Sing
Verity continued to play for Yorkshire and England until 1939 , when the outbreak of the Second World War ended his career .	Sing
Verity joined the Green Howards in 1939 , and after training was posted overseas to India , Persia and Egypt , achieving the rank of captain .	Sing
During the Allied invasion of Sicily in 1943 , Verity was severely wounded and captured by the Germans .	Sing
Verity also had two sisters , Grace and Edith .	Sing
From an early age , Verity watched Yorkshire play County Cricket matches at Leeds , Bradford and , during family holidays , Scarborough .	Sing
Verity moved to play for Horsforth Hall Park in 1924 , where his batting became more productive than his bowling .	Sing
Receiving coaching from Hirst , Verity played several matches for the Yorkshire Colts .	Sing
After a trial , Verity signed a contract in September 1926 .	Sing
Verity was unsuccessful during the 1927 season , his only one with Accrington .	Sing
Verity signed a contract with Middleton , a club in the Central Lancashire Cricket League .	Sing
Playing with young teammates , Verity worked hard to coach the players and develop team spirit .	Sing
For the 1930 season , Verity received lucrative contract offers from several Lancashire League clubs , worth more than three times his Middleton salary .	Sing
Verity made his first-class debut on 21 May 1930 in an early-season non-Championship match against Sussex .	Sing
Verity enjoyed long technical discussions with Rhodes and , according to Hirst , took in the advice " like a sponge takes water " .	Sing
" The Cricketer " noted room for improvements in his technique but observed he could spin the ball well .	Sing
When Nottinghamshire began their second innings , Verity did not concede any runs from his first nine overs .	Sing
In the following game , against South Australia , Verity took eight wickets , including five for 42 in the second innings .	Sing
Verity played in the second , and although rain interrupted play , restricting Verity to five overs , he scored his first half-century in first-class cricket .	Sing
Verity regained his place in the team for the third Test , replacing Bowes .	Sing
During the fourth Test , Verity took few wickets but " Wisden " noted that he kept a good length and prevented the Australian batsmen scoring quickly .	Sing
Verity scored 23 not out in two-and-three-quarter hours , although he was lucky not to be dismissed several times .	Sing
In the Test series , Verity totalled 11 wickets at an average of 24.65 , second in the bowling averages to Larwood .	Sing
On and off the field , Hedley has been a real friend and a grand help to me " .	Sing
Verity enjoyed the tour and established a lasting friendship with Charlie Barnett ; Verity helped Barnett to overcome his homesickness and to develop his understanding of cricket .	Sing
Verity was the leading first-class wicket-taker on the tour , although he was second in the team averages , with 72 wickets at an average of 15.54 .	Sing
Verity was again successful with the bat , scoring 42 and sharing a partnership of 97 with Jardine .	Sing
Then with the ball , Verity took seven for 49 as the Indian batsmen struggled against his accuracy .	Sing
In the three Tests , Verity took 23 wickets at an average of 16.82 , leading the bowling averages for the series .	Sing
Verity was impressed with the depth of Jardine 's thinking on the game and his intelligence , enjoying tactical discussions with him on the voyage to Australia .	Sing
According to Alan Hill , Verity did not relish the Bodyline tactics on that tour but supported his captain 's stance completely .	Sing
Verity even named his second son Douglas after Jardine .	Sing
In the 1934 season , Verity took 150 wickets at an average of 17.63 , placing him third in the national averages .	Sing
Verity was the only bowler to trouble the batsmen and caught and bowled Bradman , who had scored a quick 36 runs .	Sing
Verity took six of the wickets to achieve bowling figures of seven for 61 .	Sing
Verity took 24 wickets in the series at 24.00 , finishing second in the averages .	Sing
By now , Verity had acquired a reputation for being unable to take wickets on good batting pitches .	Sing
Verity took 10 for 106 in 57 overs .	Sing
In the final game , Verity scored 101 , his only first-class century .	Sing
In total , Verity took 16 wickets , averaging 22.50 , and scored 195 runs at 48.75 .	Sing
Playing for his county against the Indian touring team , Verity achieved his highest first-class innings in England with 96 not out .	Sing
Under the captaincy of Allen , Verity began the tour well .	Sing
Verity took three wickets in the match , including that of Bradman .	Sing
On the first day , Verity again dismissed Bradman and the England bowlers performed well in good batting conditions before rain altered the state of the pitch .	Sing
Verity bowled nearly 38 eight-ball overs and took three for 79 .	Sing
Cardus wrote : " Verity was magnificent ...	Sing
In his absence Bradman might have scored another 100 runs .	Sing
In two innings , Verity scored 19 and 17 , but was wicketless in the match .	Sing
Verity took just one wicket in the match .	Sing
During the 1937 season , Verity played only one of the three Tests against the touring New Zealanders .	Sing
Nevertheless , Verity took 202 wickets at 15.67 which placed him third in the bowling averages .	Sing
After appearing in a trial match , Verity played in all four Tests against Australia , during a series which was tied 1 – 1 .	Sing
In the second match , Verity took four for 103 out of an Australian total of 422 , in reply to England 's 494 .	Sing
Verity took two wickets in the second innings , but the match was drawn .	Sing
Verity took two wickets in the match , but some critics believed his bowling could have won the match had Hammond used him more effectively .	Sing
In the winter of 1938 – 39 , Verity toured South Africa with the MCC team under Hammond 's captaincy .	Sing
In the first game of the tour , Verity took 11 wickets against Griqualand West .	Sing
Verity took four wickets and bowled 766 balls in the game , establishing a new record for deliveries in a first-class game .	Sing
Verity took 191 wickets at an average of 13.13 , to top the bowling averages for the second time in his career .	Sing
In a career total of 40 Tests , Verity took 144 wickets at an average of 24.37 and scored 669 runs at an average of 20.90 .	Sing
As a bowler , Verity delivered the ball at almost medium pace , faster than usual for a spinner .	Sing
Verity believed his performances in unfavourable conditions for his bowling had greater merit than his successes in favourable ones .	Sing
At times , Verity almost seemed bored when bowling and performed less effectively , particularly if his side were winning without needing his contribution .	Sing
Verity earned the respect of Bradman , generally regarded as the greatest batsman to have played cricket , and enjoyed bowling at him .	Sing
During the 17 Tests in which they faced each other , Verity dismissed Bradman eight times , more than any other bowler .	Sing
In all first-class cricket , Verity dismissed Bradman 10 times in total , on two occasions twice in the same game .	Sing
However , Bradman once said : " I think I know all about Clarrie ( Grimmett ) , but with Hedley I am never sure .	Sing
Bradman wrote : " Undoubtedly he was one of the greatest slow left-handed spinners of all time .	Sing
As a batsman , Verity occasionally showed potential to become good , but concentrated his energy on bowling .	Sing
Since around 1937 , Verity had expected the outbreak of the Second World War and had prepared for it through reading military literature .	Sing
Playing several cricket matches , Verity frequently took wickets on rough pitches that were unsuitable for batting .	Sing
Verity remained below peak fitness and was struggling a little owing to his age .	Sing
The Green Howards , as part of the 15th Brigade , made a night attack on 19 July .	Plur
By this stage , Verity was very ill and had another operation to relieve pressure from his rib onto his lung .	Sing
Verity married Kathleen Alice Metcalfe , a bookbinder and the daughter of a sales agent , on 7 March 1929 .	Sing
Trieste was not won until 1382 , when the citizens sought protection from Venice by subjecting themselves to Austrian rule .	Sing
Dingell married Grace Bigler and had three children : John Jr . , James , and Julè .	Sing
Dingell settled his family in Detroit , where he worked as a printer at the Detroit Free Press , helping to organize a union .	Sing
Dingell was 5-foot-7 and suffered from asthma and tuberculosis , a disease that took the family to Colorado for a time , in hopes of a cure .	Sing
At the outset of his Congressional career , Dingell was a " New Deal stalwart . "	Sing
Kellen Boswell Winslow Sr. ( born November 5 , 1957 ) is a former American football player in the National Football League ( NFL ) .	Sing
Winslow played his entire NFL career from 1979 to 1987 with the San Diego Chargers after being selected in the first round of the 1979 NFL Draft .	Sing
Winslow is the former director of athletics at Florida A & M University .	Sing
Winslow attended East St. Louis Senior High School and did not play high school football until his senior year .	Sing
In college , Winslow played for the Missouri Tigers , and was a two-time all-conference selection in the Big Eight and a consensus All-American in 1978 .	Sing
Winslow played for them his entire career , when he retired in 1987 due to injury .	Sing
In a 1981 regular season game , Winslow tied an NFL record by catching five touchdown passes .	Sing
Strong safeties in those times were almost like another linebacker , a run defender who could not cover a tight end as fast as Winslow .	Plur
In his nine NFL seasons , Winslow caught 541 passes for 6,741 yards and 45 touchdowns .	Sing
Kellen was a consensus All-Pro in 1980 , 1981 , and 1982 .	Sing
Winslow worked as a college football announcer with Fox Sports Net .	Sing
Hence PKC enzymes play important roles in several signal transduction cascades .	Sing
The Protein kinase C activator ingenol mebutate , derived from the plant " Euphorbia peplus " , is FDA-approved for the treatment of actinic keratosis .	Sing
Rinker operated three major divisions :	Sing
After getting out of junior high school , Kojima painted advertising posters for movie theaters as his source of income .	Sing
Kojima created art for " kamishibai " or " paper play " narrators .	Sing
Kojima then started to create works for the " kashi-bon " market .	Sing
In 1967 , Kojima created " Dojinki " , his first manga for a magazine .	Sing
Kojima died on January 5 , 2000 at the age of 71 .	Sing
The 2012 release Masterworks is an all classical music compilation featuring music by Beethoven , Bach , Vivaldi , Rossini and Part .	Sing
Originally , Vee-Jay considered releasing the " Please Please Me " LP unaltered , as it appeared in the UK .	Sing
Following that , the single " I Want to Hold Your Hand " was rush released on 26 December .	Sing
To circumvent the restraining order , Vee-Jay quickly reconfigured " Introducing ...	Sing
Twice before its license expired , Vee-Jay repackaged " Introducing ...	Sing
The other repackaging was the two-record set " The Beatles vs the Four Seasons " , which contained copies of " Introducing ...	Sing
Nearly all fakes claim to be in stereo ( though the actual sound of the record is often in mono ) .	Plur
ORP " Grom " is an " Orkan " -class fast attack craft .	Sing
Assignments and exams in Year 11 served to prepare students for Year 12 but were not in any way involved in the calculation process .	Plur
a UAI of 99 was not equivalent to placing in the top 1 % of the state ) .	Sing
The UAI attempted to rank students who did not progress to their senior years of High School , by estimating what they would have got .	Sing
To calculate the UAI , the UAC used the raw exam marks of the HSC and the moderated assessment mark .	Sing
In 1924 , Mayumi returned to Japan .	Sing
During World War II , " Jap " went from being an abbreviation for " Japanese " to an ethnic slur .	Sing
The Boondocks was a popular catfish restaurant that had closed a decade earlier .	Sing
Then Came Bronson is an American adventure / drama television series starring Michael Parks that aired on NBC .	Sing
After it is left at the scene of the suicide by his friend , Bronson buys it back from the widow .	Sing
Bronson is committed to pacifism and often redirects an antagonist 's anger into self-examination .	Sing
Always , like a true catalyst , Bronson rolls out of every episode unchanged .	Sing
MPC released a model kit " Bronson Motorcycle Custom Harley-Davidson Sportster " in 1970 in 1 / 8 Scale .	Sing
However the Estrada de Ferro Oeste de Minas ( a narrow gauge railway ) operated a passenger and freight steam navigation service between 1889 and 1963 .	Plur
Mephistopheles transports the unconscious Faust into his old study .	Plur
Mephistopheles , donning Faust 's robe once again , resumes his conversation with the freshman , who is now a cynical baccalaurus .	Plur
Mephistopheles overinterprets Faust 's orders by murdering the old couple .	Sing
Mephistopheles believes Faust has lost his wager and tries to claim his soul .	Sing
ORP " Grom " ( ) was a Project 30bis destroyer , sold to the People 's Republic of Poland by the Soviet Union in 1957 .	Sing
Bazargan went to France to receive university education through an Iranian government scholarship during the reign of Reza Shah .	Sing
After his graduation , Bazargan became the head of the first engineering department at Tehran University in the late 1940s .	Sing
Bazargan served as the first Iranian head of the National Iranian Oil Company under the administration of Prime Minister Mosaddegh .	Sing
Bazargan co-founded the Liberation Movement of Iran in 1961 , a party similar in its program to Mossadegh 's National Front .	Sing
Although pious , Bazargan initially disputed the name " Islamic Republic " , wanting an " Islamic Democratic Republic . "	Sing
Khomeini did not accept his resignation , and in April 1979 , he and his cabinet members escaped an assassination attempt .	Sing
Bazargan continued in Iranian politics as a member of the first Parliament ( " Majles " ) of the newly formed Islamic Republic .	Sing
Bazargan believed that there is a link and relation between politics and religion , but did not believe in hokumat .	Sing
Bazargan died of a heart attack on 20 January 1995 in Switzerland .	Sing
Bazargan married Malak Tabatabai in 1939 .	Sing
Ramiro made his MLS debut on April 28 , 1996 as a substitute in a match against the LA Galaxy .	Sing
In 1998 Corrales played in 3 matches for the Metros , getting one assist .	Sing
Corrales ended the season with two assists in twenty two games played .	Plur
In nine years in MLS , Corrales scored nine goals and 19 assists .	Sing
Corrales eventually returned to the United States in 2008 , re-signing for the San Jose Earthquakes , who bought his rights from the Houston Dynamo .	Plur
Yallop cited Corrales ' experience , calm but stern leadership , and being bilingual as reasons for selecting him as captain .	Sing
When off-season came , Corrales saw his option declined by San Jose on November 28 , 2012 .	Plur
Negotiation is necessary when one party requires the other party 's agreement to achieve its aim .	Sing
PB stands as one of several democratic innovations such as British Columbia 's Citizens ' Assembly , encompassing the ideals of a participatory democracy .	Sing
In exchange , the neighborhood leader mobilizes shop owners to vote for the political party responsible for the policy .	Plur
Participatory budgeting does not merely allow citizens to shift funding priorities in the short-term – it can yield sustained institutional and political change in the long term .	Sing
Porto Alegre spends about 200 million dollars per year on construction and services , this money is subject to participatory budgeting .	Sing
Cambridge 's first PB occurred in 2014-2015 , with $ 528,000 allocated towards the implementation of six winning projects .	Sing
In Toronto Community Housing , PB is part of a broader " tenant participation system . "	Sing
PB has been a part of Toronto Community Housing since 2001 .	Sing
In his State of the City address , Mayor Bill de Blasio announced that PB would be launched in every public high school .	Sing
" Participatory budgeting in Scotland : an overview of strategic design choices and principles for effective delivery " .	Sing
Similarly , Pune was able to adopt PB in 2006 with the help of several local NGOs .	Sing
Hiware Bazar may have served as the most successful example of PB in India .	Sing
Buenos Aires adopted the PB process in 2001 hoping to emerge a political economy .	Sing
Buenos aires used a system where the communities allocated where the government would take action first by ranking where the cities resources would go .	Sing
After participation decreased by 50 % in the 2005 cycle , PB came to an end and " the new communes " emerged .	Sing
Participatory budgeting may also struggle to overcome existing clientelism .	Sing
Evansville was in third place when they moved to Bosse Field , but went on to win the league championship in 1915 .	Sing
The Triplets won the American Association titles in 1972 , 1975 , and 1979 .	Plur
Bohemond camped on the north side of the city , Godfrey on the south , and Raymond and Adhemar of Le Puy on the eastern gate .	Sing
A ruling clique is a group of people who jointly rule an oligarchic form of government .	Sing
A ruling clique can include people from various professions .	Sing
The Republican Bonilla was hence out of Congress for the first time since his upset election in 1992 .	Sing
Chinook Point , the site from which an American captain , Robert Gray , first saw the Columbia River , is part of the park .	Sing
During his high-school years , Pernell played the horn , acted in school and church plays , and sang in local USO shows .	Sing
Powered by the Lithtech Jupiter engine , Rubies of Eventide is set in the medieval fantasy world of Vormis represented by a 3D world .	Plur
Upon graduating in 1998 , Prideaux joined the Seattle Sounders of the A-League .	Sing
Prideaux is a native of Renton , Washington and a graduate of Kentridge High School .	Sing
CUSA holds general elections every year .	Sing
CUSA also offers a number of different services to clubs and societies .	Sing
CUSA released a statement on November 26 indicating that the association 's council would revisit their decision .	Sing
Neither CUSA nor Your Carleton appealed the court 's decision .	Sing
The BoA meets once a month .	Sing
Quorum for the GA is 0.75 % of the student population , about 240 students .	Sing
The SFUO currently owns four student run businesses :	Sing
The SFUO briefly opened a bar called The Universe City Lounge above the Agora Bookstore , but it was closed after one year of operation .	Sing
In 2006 , the SFUO opened a new bar called 1848 in the University Centre .	Sing
The SFUO is home to over 250 cultural , religious , political / social justice , philanthropic / humanitarian , recreational and academic clubs on campus .	Sing
The SFUO had subsidised clubs up to $ 1000 each year .	Sing
The SFUO runs twelve different services .	Sing
The SFUO Bike Co-op is meant to be a space for bicycle enthusiasts .	Sing
The Bike Co-op offers guided workshops and accessible biking resources .	Sing
The CSD offers events , services , and campaigns throughout the year focused on disability and accessibility .	Sing
The SFUO is Local 41 of the Canadian Federation of Students , the same local number it held from 1985 to 1994 .	Sing
Later , in November 2008 , the SFUO joined the Canadian Federation of Students in a referendum question that brought out 22 % of the voting population .	Sing
In summer 2014 , VP Social Ikram Hamoud decided to hold a fireworks display at the closing ceremony of that year 's 101 Week .	Sing
To that end , the SFUO purchased 10,000 dollars worth of fireworks .	Sing
In November 2015 , the SFUO cancelled the free yoga classes being put on by the Centre for Students with Disabilities over concerns of cultural appropriation .	Sing
" While yoga is a really great idea and accessible and great for students ... there are cultural issues of implication involved in the practice .	Sing
On November 7 , 2018 , the SFUO released the completed audit from PwC to the public .	Sing
" Yesterday Will Make You Cry " ( 1993 ) , published after Himes 's death , restored the original manuscript .	Sing
Feyerabend is a German surname .	Sing
Feingold is a surname that may refer to :	Sing
Natural saltwater contains many unwanted organisms and pollutants .	Sing
Marine aquariums can range in volume from less than 80 litres , ( < 20 US gal ) to over 1,200 litres ( 300 US gal ) .	Plur
The anemones and invertebrates in temperate waters easily rival their tropical counterparts .	Plur
In general , marine aquariums have more complex filtration requirements than most freshwater aquariums .	Plur
Protein skimmers are devices that remove organic compounds prior to their degradation , and are very useful in marine aquariums .	Plur
Some marine aquariums include a sump , which is an external container connected to the main aquarium with a water pump .	Plur
An overflow at its simplest is a round hole drilled towards the top of the tank , connected via tubing to an output below it .	Sing
Some marine aquariums also include a refugium .	Plur
The yellow tint is often undesirable and is believed to encourage problem algae , though studies show it does not .	Sing
the wattage of light emitted may vary considerably , from tens of watts to several hundred watts in a lighting system .	Sing
Biological ( bacterial ) nitrification converts the ammonia into nitrite ions , NO- , and then to nitrate ions , NO- .	Sing
A refugium is , as its name suggests , a sheltered area that shares water with the primary , or display , tank .	Sing
Salinity should match that of the aquarium , or be dosed very slowly if altering the salinity .	Sing
genus " Labroides " wrasses , the moorish idol ) ; these animals almost inevitably die quickly and have markedly reduced lifespans compared to wild specimens .	Plur
Perhaps the biggest disincentive to marine fishkeeping , in comparison to freshwater , is the initial setup cost .	Sing
In the well-known chorus , Henery explains that his wife had been married seven times before :	Sing
Fossil seed pods from upper Oligocene resembling " Sesbania " have been found in the Hungarian locality of Eger Wind-brickyard .	Sing
In the Eastern Conference Final against the Chicago Fire , RSL battled to a scoreless draw after 120 minutes .	Sing
In 2010 , RSL emerged as possibly the greatest defensive team in the history of Major League Soccer .	Sing
But soon , Navarro decided that his company needed some original characters .	Sing
A shared universe began to emerge , although not nearly as tightly integrated as the Marvel Universe .	Sing
Tournon soon broke up from the Semic Group and created their own company , Semic S.A .	Sing
The hack has since been discontinued , but it still serves as a good example on what can be achieved with the tools available .	Sing
Through this , a hacker can alter how weapons work , how strong enemies are or how they act , etc .	Sing
The ROMs themselves are generally small , but the memory space available sometimes exceeds it by multiples of up to 17 .	Plur
" Brute " is a song by industrial rock group KMFDM that was first released on their 1995 album " Nihil " .	Sing
In English , the last stressed syllable before a pausa receives tonic stress , giving the illusion of a distinction between primary and secondary stress .	Sing
Similarly , French liaison does not operate in pausa .	Sing
Colville left Parliament in 1943 to become Governor of Bombay , a post he held until January 1948 .	Sing
These removals to the Palm Island Mission continued until the late 1960s .	Plur
Cost of living is relatively very high on Palm Island due to the remoteness of island living and the general lack of private enterprise .	Sing
At one point the lease had $ 600,000 worth of oysters .	Sing
On 10 January 2018 the Queen 's Baton Relay scheduled a stopover on Palm Island for the first time in Commonwealth Games history .	Sing
The QAS has also started a stinger prevention program with stinger stations having been established in different locations around the island .	Sing
The excessive dosing was following the use of least-cost contractors to control the algae , who were unqualified in the field .	Sing
The black ghost knifefish ( " Apteronotus albifrons " ) is a tropical fish belonging to the ghost knifefish family ( Apteronotidae ) .	Sing
The black ghost knifefish is a weakly electric fish as a result of the electromotor and electrosensory systems it possesses .	Sing
While some fish can only receive electric signals , the black ghost knifefish can both produce and sense the electrical impulses .	Sing
Therefore , the black ghost knifefish uses an active and a passive electrosystem , each with its own corresponding receptor organs .	Sing
Female black ghost knifefish generate EODs at a higher frequency than the males , an FM which can be used for gender recognition .	Plur
Issue 90 ( November 1992 ) was the last official " Zzap ! 64 " issue .	Sing
Lyndhurst is a large village and civil parish situated in the New Forest National Park in Hampshire , England .	Sing
As of 2001 Lyndhurst had a population of 2,973 , increasing to 3,029 at the 2011 Census .	Sing
The last monarch to stay here was George III who visited the New Forest in June 1789 .	Sing
Lyndhurst is notable in English folklore for being the supposed location of a dragon-slaying .	Sing
Lydia Millet ( born December 5 , 1968 ) is a Canadian-American novelist .	Sing
The quaint and peaceful old town includes the harbour and docks , the Puerto Tinosa .	Sing
" Butterfly " comes from the resemblance of the cut to the wings of a butterfly .	Sing
A butterfly fillet of fish is a double fillet , with the backbone and other bones removed by splitting the fish down the back or the belly .	Sing
As one of few major Mexican alternative bands with authentic barrio roots , Silencio works to get that culture more accepted by mainstream Mexican society .	Sing
Mabini performed all his revolutionary and governmental activities despite having lost the use of both his legs to polio shortly before the Philippine Revolution of 1896 .	Sing
Mabini amazed the professor by answering a series of very difficult questions with ease .	Sing
Mabini joined the Guild of Lawyers after graduation , but he did not choose to practice law in a professional capacity .	Sing
Instead , Mabini put his knowledge of law to much use during the days of the Philippine Revolution and the Filipino-American war .	Sing
Joaquin notes that all his contributions to Philippine history somehow involved the law :	Sing
Mabini joined the fraternity of Freemasonry in September 1892 , affiliating with lodge Balagtas , and taking on the name " Katabay " .	Sing
Mabini joined the Cuerpo de Compromisarios .	Sing
During this convalescent period , Mabini wrote the pamphlets " El Verdadero Decálogo " and " Ordenanzas de la Revolución . "	Sing
Mabini authored the June 18 , 1898 decree which established the Dictatorial Government of the Philippines .	Sing
Mabini found himself in the center of the most critical period in the new country 's history , grappling with problems until then unimagined .	Sing
Mabini negotiated once again , seeking for an armistice instead , but the talks failed yet again .	Sing
Mabini returned to the Philippines after agreeing to take the Oath of Allegiance to the United States on February 26 , 1903 before the Collector of Customs .	Sing
To the chagrin of the American colonial officials , Mabini resumed his work of agitating for independence for the Philippines soon after his return from exile .	Sing
Not long after his return , Mabini died of cholera in Manila on May 13 , 1903 at the age of 38 .	Sing
Mabini is also famous for having achieved all this despite having lost the use of his legs to Polio just prior to the Philippine revolution .	Sing
In later editions of the book , the novelist corrected the error and issued an apology , which reads in part :	Sing
Toilets would promptly be unlocked upon departure .	Plur
In July 1998 , Adhesive released " Too Much Coffee Man " # 8 , thus skipping issues # 6 and 7 .	Sing
Shafer Peak ( ) is a prominent peak , high , standing south of Mount Hewson .	Sing
Langnau am Albis is a village in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .	Sing
Langnau is one of the larger communities in the Canton of Zürich .	Sing
Langnau am Albis has a population ( as of ) of .	Sing
Langnau am Albis has an unemployment rate of 2.43 % .	Sing
The Karangahake Gorge lies between the Coromandel and Kaimai ranges , at the southern end of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand 's North Island .	Sing
The railhead at the Waikino end of the gorge still exists , preserved as part of the Goldfields Railway to Waihi .	Sing
In August 1974 , " Camden " moved to its new homeport of Bremerton , Washington .	Sing
In 1980 , " Camden " moved again to the homeport of Bremerton , Washington for an overhaul .	Sing
In 2004 , " Camden " won the Battle " E " again .	Sing
Operation Bayonet Lightning followed Operation Rifles Blitz and was followed by Operation Bulldog Mammoth .	Sing
Idwal Iwrch ( ) , or Idwal ap Cadwaladr ( ) , is a figure in the genealogies of the kings of Gwynedd .	Sing
Oconee is the name of several places in the United States , derived from the Native American tribe or its words :	Sing
In the meantime , the maneuver had allowed the bomber to change direction and distance itself from the target .	Sing
Timers begin their timing , circuits are alerted for the drop .	Plur
The Shape has released me more than I have released it .	Sing
The blast produced by powerful munitions is thus ( hopefully ) avoided .	Sing
Some soil suborders , like udalf ( alfisol ) and udept ( inceptisol ) , have an udic moisture regime .	Plur
Jayhawkers destroyed several towns in Missouri , such as Osceola .	Plur
But her next Maa Nannaku Pelli opposite Krishnam Raju and Meka Srikanth is a commercial and critical success .	Sing
When Shiva marries his sweetheart Priya , Deva becomes obsessed with and lusts for Priya ( played by Simran ) .	Sing
Another successful feather in her cap is " Jodi " , with Prashanth .	Sing
Also Prashanth and Simran received Best Onscreen Couple Award in Cinema Express Award .	Sing
In 2013 , Vijay Sethupathi was asked about his favourite romantic moments in cinema and what Valentine ’ s Day means to him .	Sing
Operation Northern Delay occurred on 26 March 2003 as part of the 2003 invasion of Iraq .	Sing
Conaway endorsed former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney for president in 2008 .	Sing
On May 13 , 2016 , Conaway endorsed the Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump for president in the 2016 U.S. presidential election .	Sing
In 2006 , Conaway voted against extending the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .	Sing
In January 2007 , Conaway began chairing the three-member audit committee for the National Republican Congressional Committee .	Sing
Conaway introduced legislation to extend and reform the federal tax credit to support wide scale commercial deployment of carbon capture and storage .	Sing
In March 2018 , Conaway laid out the findings of a report by the Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee .	Sing
A few days later , Conaway walked back that finding , saying " Our committee was not charged with answering the collusion idea " .	Sing
Conaway won re-nomination to a sixth term in the U.S. House in the Republican primary held on March 4 , 2014 .	Sing
Conaway won re-election in the general election held on November 4 , 2014 .	Sing
Conaway served on the Midland Independent School District Board from 1985 to 1988 .	Sing
As a U.S. congressman , Westmoreland cosponsored a bill to place the Ten Commandments in the House of Representatives and the Senate .	Sing
Westmoreland also sponsored a bill that the Ten Commandments could be displayed in courthouses in a historical setting .	Sing
Westmoreland was able to name only three of them .	Sing
In 2008 , Westmoreland ran unopposed in the Republican primary and was re-elected after defeating his Democratic opponent Stephen Camp .	Sing
Westmoreland has sponsored various bills of his own , including :	Sing
When asked to confirm his use of the word , Westmoreland answered , " Uppity , yeah . "	Sing
Westmoreland won a plurality of votes in the Republican primary election in 2004 , but faced fellow Republican Dylan Glenn in a runoff .	Sing
Westmoreland received 55.5 % of the vote in the runoff .	Sing
The domestic goat ( " Capra aegagrus hircus " ) is a domesticated subspecies of the wild goat ( " Capra aegagrus " ) .	Sing
The Rocky Mountain goat is in a separate genus , " Oreamnos " .	Sing
A given undisturbed bug may take 3 – 15 minutes to take a full meal depending on its life stage .	Sing
Host switching is dependent on several factors , including overlap in host detection cues and ability to digest different kinds of blood .	Sing
Preference for a host species can vary between populations of a given species ; the causes for this are unclear .	Sing
Viminaria juncea is the single species in the genus Viminaria endemic to Australia .	Sing
Sherin is starring with Nanda for the film " Urchagam " .	Sing
Sherin also starred in Poova Thalaiya , which released on 29 April 2011 .	Sing
In 1988 , Wasserman Schultz became an aide to Peter Deutsch at the beginning of his state legislative career .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz won 53 percent of the vote in a six-way Democratic primary and avoided a runoff .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz is pro-choice on some issues , supports gun control legislation , and is a supporter of the LGBT community .	Sing
In 2011 , Wasserman Schultz was one of the 23 co-sponsors of H.R .	Sing
In December 2015 , Wasserman Schultz was one of 24 co-sponsors of H.R .	Sing
During the debate Wasserman Schultz pointed out that a Texas law signed by then Gov .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz also cited the case of .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz is a supporter of Israel .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz is the first Jewish female congressperson from the state of Florida .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz said of the proclamation " This is an historic occasion .	Sing
Jewish American Heritage Month is a reality because of the people gathered today in this room . "	Sing
Wasserman Schultz remarked on the amendment :	Sing
Wasserman Schultz at first declined to comment , then denied that her office had even sent the emails .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz was unopposed in the Democratic primary election held to fill Deutsch 's seat .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz won , taking 70.2 % to Hostetter 's 29.8 % .	Sing
However , Hostetter had only spent about $ 30,000 to get 30 % of the vote ( compared to Wasserman Schultz 's $ 1.2 million ) .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz was unopposed for reelection in 2006 .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz and Ros-Lehtinen ( R – FL ) are both on the LGBT Equality Caucus of which Wasserman Schultz was a Vice Chair .	Sing
Ros-Lehtinen has been the sole Republican on the 112-member caucus since 2013 .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz won over Harrington , 60.1 % to 38.1 % .	Sing
In the general election , Wasserman Schultz defeated Republican Joe Kaufman , the Republican candidate , 62.7 % to 37.3 % .	Sing
After a court-ordered redistricting in 2015 , Wasserman Schultz lost much of her share of Miami-Dade County , including her portions of Miami and Miami Beach .	Sing
Economist and law professor Tim Canova challenged Wasserman Schultz in the August 30 , 2016 , Florida Democratic Party 's primary election .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz won the primary election with 57 percent of the vote .	Sing
In the general election , Wasserman Schultz defeated Republican candidate Joe Kaufman with 56.7 % to 40.5 % of the vote .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz ran unopposed in the Democratic primary and was challenged by Republican candidate Joe Kaufman and Independent candidates Tim Canova and Don Endriss .	Sing
Wasserman Schultz won with 58.48 % of the vote to 35.99 % for Kaufman , 4.95 % for Canova , and 0.58 % for Endriss .	Sing
Until she assumed office , current DNC Vice-Chair Donna Brazile served as the interim Chair of the Democratic National Committee .	Sing
Rede said that ' the licence is a mere cloak to cover a democratic revolution ' .	Sing
In 2014 , the USARL became the national governing body for rugby league in the U.S .	Sing
The AMNRL denied selection to players affiliated with USARL teams , including players who had been selected for the Tomahawks previously .	Sing
Warlock is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .	Sing
During many adventures , Warlock would team up with Doug , keeping his teammate safe .	Sing
Warlock and two new friends Boom Boom and Hrimhari became separated from the rest .	Sing
Wolfsbane asked Boom Boom to put Warlock 's ashes on Doug 's grave .	Sing
Warlock had a distinctive way of talking during his stint in the New Mutants comics , frequently referring to himself with the personal pronoun " self " .	Sing
Hope has a pet monkey that had been physically affected by the virus also .	Sing
Warlock 's dying wish is for Nova to hold back the Siredam , coming to challenge Tyro , giving the youngling enough time to escape .	Sing
Now in possession of a Siredam 's form and cosmic level abilities , Tyro is able to spare some of his inestimable Lifeglow reserves to resurrect Warlock .	Sing
Warlock detects malicious techno-organic malware present in Doug , and attempts to " defragment " Doug 's software .	Sing
Warlock , along with the help of other New Mutant team members , rescues Doug and defeats the Hellions .	Sing
Trying to save Ramsey 's life , Warlock bonded with him , combining their life forces into one .	Sing
Warlock makes a cameo appearance in one issue , where he is seen fighting the X-Men in a gigantic form .	Sing
Roslyn Dundas ( born 28 July 1978 ) is a former Australian politician .	Sing
Roslyn Dundas stood in the left wing of the party , along with the likes of Senators Natasha Stott Despoja and Brian Greig .	Sing
The Indian Self Determination and Educational Assistance Act , established in 1975 , gave the American Indians the opportunity to legislate " self-determination through community-based schooling " .	Sing
Narrabundah ( postcode : 2604 ) is a leafy suburb of Canberra , Australian Capital Territory , located in the inner south of the city .	Sing
The present suburb Narrabundah was part of the original Parish of Queanbeyan .	Sing
Narrabundah was the last of the ‘ inner south ’ suburbs to be developed , commencing in 1947 , after being delayed by World War II .	Sing
Narrabundah is home to two primary schools , Narrabundah Early Childhood School and St. Benedict 's Primary School .	Sing
In Victoria the Buckland River goldfield was the scene of repeated incidents , culminating in a major riot in July 1857 .	Sing
Usually the GUI for a template is a separate tool window next to the main hex editor .	Sing
Linnea Wren and Travis Nygard have analyzed the monumental record of Yo ’ okop in terms of both sacred and " gendered " space .	Sing
In the years since , NCTE has had numerous political victories .	Sing
Mara Keisling is the founding executive director of NCTE .	Sing
Raffi Freedman-Gurspan is current director of external relations and former policy advisor at NCTE .	Sing
In service of this mission , NCTE runs several programs spanning a variety of policy issue areas .	Sing
NCTE works on a variety of policy issues of significance to the transgender community .	Sing
In addition to these policy programs , NCTE maintains an ID Documents Center and the Transgender Legal Services Network .	Sing
In addition to the full national report , NCTE has released various breakout reports focusing on specific states .	Sing
NCTE is a frequent source of analysis and commentary for both American and international news media .	Sing
In October 2017 , NCTE launched an affiliated 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) organization , the National Center for Transgender Equality Action Fund .	Sing
The ASU offers many Student Services to help Acadia students have a worthwhile university experience .	Sing
The VPP is also in charge of liaisons between the ASU and all internal organizations as well as the coordinator of the House Council System .	Sing
The ASU also enacted further updates to position titles and descriptions in late 2016 .	Sing
Community Outreach Acadia is a growing internal organization created and guided by students seeking to make positive and sustainable changes in the Acadia community .	Sing
The Athenaeum has served as Acadia 's official student newspaper since 1874 .	Sing
The Athenaeum is also a member of the Canadian University Press ( CUP ) and adheres to the Charter of Rights and Responsibilities of CUP .	Sing
Every year , the ASU publishes The Axe Yearbook which serves as the official record for the past year of life at Acadia .	Sing
The Axe is available for pickup from the Information Desk when it is published in the Fall of the following school year .	Sing
The CGE seeks to facilitate and promote dialogue between various cultures at Acadia through hosting cultural events and activities .	Sing
The ASU is an active member of the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations ( CASA ) and StudentsNS formerly the Alliance of Nova Scotia Student Associations ) .	Sing
The Changthangi domestic goat of Ladakh and Tibet may derive from the markhor .	Sing
The USSA annually elects a President and Vice President at its National Student Congress to manage the organization full-time .	Sing
( Cracknell subsequently became superintendent of telegraphs in New South Wales ) .	Sing
There is a snow saddle at the glacier 's head , just west of Homerun Range , from which Ebbe Glacier flows northwestward .	Sing
The quarterly endeavor lasted for only one issue before being scrapped .	Sing
The spoof was on account of gaming supersite IGN .	Sing
Esposito points out that some of Muhammad 's marriages were aimed at providing a livelihood for widows .	Sing
During their marriage , Khadija purchased the slave Zayd ibn Harithah , then adopted the young man as her son at Muhammad 's request .	Sing
According to Shia scholars Khadija was a virgin when she married Muhammad and she was not a widow .	Sing
Aisha was the daughter of Muhammad 's close friend Abu Bakr .	Sing
Per Sunni belief , Aisha was extremely scholarly and inquisitive .	Sing
Aisha and Hafsa had a lasting relationship .	Sing
Caesar E. Farah states that Muhammad was determined to establish the legitimacy and right to equal treatment of the adopted .	Sing
The Qur 'an , however , indicated that this marriage was a duty imposed upon him by God .	Sing
Aisha had accompanied Muhammad on his skirmish with the Banu Mustaliq .	Sing
Meanwhile , Aisha had been ill , and unaware of the stories .	Sing
These cichlids are some of the most colorful freshwater fish for the home aquarium .	Plur
At that time , Frode was still a student , but dedicated much of his time to writing .	Sing
Following its acquisition by Ben Krasner in the 1930s , Lakeside underwent a period of major renovations and incorporated many new features in the Art Deco style .	Sing
The auto racetrack was a 1 / 5-mile oval and featured races of three car classes sponsored by CARC : stock , limited modified and fully modified .	Sing
Through 1985 , there was a Funhouse located on the site now occupied by the Dragon .	Sing
The ACB is a three-story , facility completed in 1985 , which was renovated in 2009 to include the third floor .	Sing
Cartoonist Johnny Hart , his co-creator , continued writing the strip until his death on April 7 , 2007 .	Sing
In the course of the conflict , the MNLA lost control of the territory to Islamist militias .	Sing
Frode Øverli has twice received the Sproing Award for Pondus , in 1998 and 2003 , and the Adamson Award in 2006 .	Sing
Sea lettuce is very easy to keep , tolerating a wide range of lighting and temperature conditions .	Sing
The rotting leaves produced large quantities of hydrogen sulfide , a toxic gas .	Sing
A female tax auditor , Ryōko Itakura , inspects the accounts of various Japanese companies , uncovering hidden incomes and recovering unpaid taxes .	Sing
Duggan telephoned his mother , Erica Duggan , 50 minutes before he died , apparently distressed about his involvement in it .	Sing
Duggan attended Fitzjohns Primary School in Hampstead , Quainton School for Boys , and won a scholarship to Christ 's Hospital school in Sussex as a boarder .	Sing
Duggan was intensely opposed to the Iraq War , as were Chalifoux and his group of friends from the movement .	Sing
Duggan began seeing more of Chalifoux 's group and was invited to attend a Schiller Institute conference near Wiesbaden , the LaRouche movement 's European headquarters .	Sing
Duggan and his parents believed it was an anti-war conference .	Sing
Duggan and Chalifoux travelled to Wiesbaden on 21 March with eight other men .	Sing
Duggan stayed in a youth hostel at first , then with two other recruits in an apartment belonging to two Schiller Institute managers .	Sing
Duggan reportedly stood out because he was British and Jewish .	Sing
Duggan and his French girlfriend had planned to meet in Paris on Tuesday , 25 March .	Sing
At around 4 : 20 am — by now Thursday , 27 March — Duggan called his girlfriend on the roommate 's mobile phone .	Sing
According to the roommate , Duggan then telephoned his mother , after which he ran out of the house .	Sing
A LaRouche recruiter from Paris told the meeting that Duggan had been to the Tavistock , apparently giving the impression that he had been there recently .	Sing
The braking had left marks on the road ; Duggan was lying about 23 metres beyond the point of impact .	Sing
The " Wiesbadener Kurier " criticised what it saw as the defamation of " two completely innocent motorists . "	Sing
... Jeremiah Duggan received fatal injuries following a collision with two cars on the Berliner Strasse and died in a road traffic collision .	Sing
The Bisset 's were the youngest of five brothers whose family had emigrated from Scotland .	Sing
Exhibition drill is a variant of drill that involves complex marching sequences which usually deviate from drill used in the course of ordinary parades .	Sing
Exhibition drill is one of many different drill phases that are a part of a drill meet .	Sing
Exhibition military drill has grown drastically in popularity in recent decades .	Sing
In an unarmed division , exhibition drill may consist of intricate precision marching , along with various hand movements .	Sing
In 1929 and 1931 , SAC dismissed editors who published unpopular opinions .	Sing
friendly slates The Canadian Federation of Students denies these claims .	Plur
Each marae has a " wharenui " ( meeting house ) .	Sing
Neither Fayard nor Harold had any formal dance training .	Sing
Fayard taught himself how to dance , sing , and perform by watching and imitating the professional entertainers on stage .	Sing
The third USS " Lexington " was a timberclad gunboat in the United States Navy during the American Civil War .	Sing
After accompanying an expedition to Owensboro , Kentucky , on 22 – 25 September , " Lexington " again engaged the batteries of Columbus on 7 October .	Sing
The Western Flotilla steamed up the Tennessee River to attack Fort Henry which guarded this water approach to the South 's heartland .	Sing
Frequently fighting off attacks from Southern snipers and flying batteries , " Lexington " escorted transports and destroyed Confederate positions along the banks .	Sing
" Lexington " routed the Confederates in a hurry .	Sing
" Lexington " silenced the shore battery but the Confederate cavalry poured a hail of musket fire into the rest of the squadron .	Sing
Thus was the periscope , a familiar sight on modern gun turrets and on submarines , brought into Civil War use on the western waters .	Sing
Sikasso is an ethnic and linguistic melting pot featuring people from outlying villages , immigrants from Côte d 'Ivoire and Burkina Faso and refugees .	Sing
Fayard Antonio Nicholas ( October 20 , 1914 – January 24 , 2006 ) was an American choreographer , dancer and actor .	Sing
All lie within the Okataina caldera , along its western edge .	Sing
McIlroy also managed Oldham Athletic and Bolton Wanderers .	Sing
After leaving school McIlroy played for Glentoran before joining Burnley in March 1950 for £ 7,000 .	Sing
With Oldham struggling at the foot of the Third Division , Oldham paid Stoke £ 5,000 so that they could register McIlroy as a player again .	Sing
In a statement Burnley called him " our greatest ever player . "	Sing
Queanbeyan City was a local government area located in south eastern New South Wales , Australia .	Sing
Comment is an album by pianist / vocalist Les McCann recorded in 1969 and released on the Atlantic label .	Sing
But in the late 1920s – early 1930s ideological infighting led to the downfall of its significance .	Sing
At this period the Institut returned to academic education methods .	Sing
Hosea 1 is the first chapter of the Book of Hosea in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible .	Sing
For class 10th and 12th exam , CBSE is responsible for conduction .	Sing
Agustina López de Osornio ( 1769-1845 ) was an Argentine noble lady .	Sing
Colonialism of gender has altered the indigenous sense of self , identity and to the larger extent their cosmology and gender relationships .	Sing
Further to this , Coulthard argues that Indigenous " philosophies of nonoppression " are defined through spatial as well as temporal relationships .	Sing
Tokyo ’ s first female governor Koike Yuriko ’ s political background is in national politics .	Sing
Majid Husain has a M.A .	Sing
Alber was a member of the Assembly in 1883 .	Sing
The 0 % house edge payout would be 17 : 1 , but the house only pays 15 : 1 , giving an 11.11 % house edge .	Sing
This was a traditional cosmetic first discovered in the Sukhothai Kingdom continuing to the Ayutthaya and Rattanakosin Kingdoms .	Sing
Devika Purnendu Vaidya ( born 13 August 1997 in Pune , Maharashtra ) is an Indian cricketer .	Sing
Georgios Papachatzis ( alternate spellings : Giorgos , George , Papahatzis ) ( ; 1905 in Chalcis – 1991 in Athens ) was a Greek jurist .	Sing
Mukherjee was Minister of State for Civil Defense , Govt .	Sing
Teen ( stylised as Te3n ; English : Three ) is a 2016 Indian Hindi thriller film written and directed by Ribhu Dasgupta .	Sing
Police inspector Sarita Sarkar ( Vidya Balan ) has no clues about the case .	Sing
In May 2016 , Bachchan revealed that the rights of the 2013 South Korean movie had been officially purchased by Sujoy Ghosh .	Sing
Amitabh Bachchan recorded a version of song " Kyun Re " for the film .	Sing
However , Thynne presented a different version of events in which Ryan had approached Thynne to get his call-up withdrawn because of the impending visit .	Sing
Mackinnon thanked the Queensland Recruiting Committee for the " great zeal " it had shown .	Sing
" Eran 2010 " , a sculptural piece is at the entrance to the National Gallery of Australia .	Sing
After returning to power in 2015 , Wickremasinghe requested Surbana Jurong , the successor of CESMA to revise the plan to suit the newer needs .	Sing
Each recognition node in the formula _ 1 field learns to encode a template pattern representing the key characteristics of a set of patterns .	Sing
AlphaGo won all but the fourth game ; all games were won by resignation .	Sing
The match AlphaGo versus Lee Sedol is comparable to the 1997 chess match Deep Blue versus Garry Kasparov .	Sing
AlphaGo is a computer program developed by Google DeepMind to play the board game Go .	Sing
The Economist reported that it used 1,920 CPUs and 280 GPUs .	Sing
AlphaGo ( white ) won the first game .	Sing
AlphaGo ( black ) won the second game .	Sing
AlphaGo ( white ) won the third game .	Sing
AlphaGo responded with a shoulder hit at move 47 , subsequently sacrificing four stones elsewhere , and gaining the initiative with moves 47 to 53 and 69 .	Sing
AlphaGo responded poorly on move 79 , at which time it estimated it had a 70 % chance to win the game .	Sing
Despite good tactics during moves 131 to 141 , AlphaGo proved unable to recover during the endgame and resigned .	Sing
AlphaGo ( white ) won the fifth game .	Sing
AlphaGo seems to have totally original moves it creates itself . "	Sing
In the late 19th century Olot was among Catalan Carlist strongholds .	Sing
At that time he also published pamphlets formatted as discourses on political philosophy .	Plur
Though some solidaris accepted Llosas with difficulty , the strategy paid off ; he was among seven Carlists voted in from Catalonia .	Plur
Dor Salamah ( Sabah ) is a village of Sibah District in the Abyan Governorate , Yemen .	Sing
According to the 2004 census that was done in 2004 , Dor Salamah ( Sabah ) has a population of 81 .	Sing
The following day , Guyon Espiner interviewed Dalziel and Minto on RNZ National 's " Morning Report " .	Sing
Barfi is a dense milk based sweet confectionery from South Asia .	Sing
Previously , Goss and Priest had a separate project by the name of WRLDS , but this was discontinued after the formation of LANY .	Sing
The single " Super Far " debuted on Zane Lowe 's Beats 1 on Apple Music preceding the release of the full-length album .	Sing
Florian Floto ( born 12 April 1988 ) is a German male Recurve archer from Braunschweig and part of the German national team .	Sing
Trethewey worked from photographs and created a plaster cast which was displayed in a shop window in the town to enable locals to comment on it .	Plur
5 ' -nucleotidase , cytosolic IA is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NT5C1A gene .	Sing
Acacia cerastes is a shrub belonging to the genus " Acacia " .	Sing
D. Kostić wrote on the reading of her name , etymological similarities and possible combinations .	Sing
In addition to balancing his passion and school , Masamune is also stuck with taking care of his only family member — his younger step-sister Sagiri Izumi .	Sing
Aniplex of America has licensed the series in North America .	Sing
Acacia cummingiana is a shrub belonging to the genus " Acacia " .	Sing
Atherton has published many articles , been featured in several journals , and asked to present her ideas at conferences and institutions throughout the years .	Sing
Atherton has engaged in research since the 1970s and has continued to develop her methods and expand her ideas .	Sing
Atherton has been a professor of Philosophy at New York University , Brooklyn College , University of Maryland , University of Rochester , and University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee .	Sing
Acacia daviesioides is a shrub belonging to the genus " Acacia " .	Sing
Denise Gough won the Olivier Award for Best Actress for her role .	Sing
Inside the classroom has a single nave , this encourages participation in the celebrations of the whole assembly .	Sing
The tabernacle is inside a marble structure of Carrara white marble and red of France marble .	Sing
The front axle was available with optional leaf springs .	Sing
The tractor has air filled tyres .	Sing
The gearbox is a manual Lanz 3-speed gearbox with a reverse gear and group gear switching , this makes 6 forward gears and 2 reverse gears .	Sing
In 2002 , the trademark " Nasha Ryaba " entered the market .	Sing
In 2010 , Yuriy Kosyuk , the major shareholder of MHP , sold approximately 10 % of the shares of the company .	Sing
Olena Kosyuk works in MHP .	Sing
The Big Noise is a 1936 American romantic – comedy crime film directed by Frank McDonald .	Sing
In 2013 , Icke left Headlong to take up a post as Associate Director at the Almeida Theatre , which he still holds .	Sing
" Oresteia " received rave reviews , won Icke several awards , and transferred to the West End .	Sing
Icke made his National Theatre debut with The Red Barn , starring Mark Strong and Elizabeth Debicki in 2016 .	Sing
In 2018 , Icke opened his new adaptation of Sophocles ' Oedipus for Ivo van Hove 's company Toneelgroep Amsterdam , starring Hans Kesting and Marieke Heebink .	Sing
Acacia incurva is a shrub belonging to the genus " Acacia " .	Sing
Each pod is crustaceous , reddish in colour with longitudinale nerves .	Sing
At the 1990 ICC Trophy , which the Netherlands hosted , Dulfer played in seven of his team 's nine matches , including the final against Zimbabwe .	Sing
Dulfer toured England in 1992 , playing against several county teams , but then had to wait five years for another game with the national team .	Sing
Dulfer married fellow cricketer Ingrid Keijzer has 3 children and is the father of the handball player Kelly Dulfer .	Sing
Bobbili is away from Vizianagaram , which is well-connected by rail and road links .	Sing
In appreciation , Sher Khan gifted 12 villages to Lingappa and gave him the title " Ranga Rao " .	Sing
Then , General Bussy attacked the fort several times , breached the mud fort with cannons , and took control of the ramparts of the fort .	Sing
Later , in 1794 , Ranga Rao regained his property at the initiative of the Collector of the Northern Division , when Vizinagram Zamindari splintered .	Sing
" Eremophila rigida " is an erect , rigid shrub which grows to a height of between .	Sing
The leaf blade is long and wide .	Sing
The unusual , rigid foliage of this eremophila are attractions as are the masses of flowers appearing in spring .	Sing
The narrow tailplane , mounted forward of the rudder , carried balanced elevators .	Sing
Owain Arthur is also the voice actor for the fictional character " Lofty " , from the video game Ni No Kuni II .	Sing
The Epistle is a pastorale , starting with a near-paraphrase of Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux 's French guide to the construction of pastoral verse .	Sing
Malick suggests they have Androvich assassinate Olshenko , who soon arrives looking for his missing attaché .	Sing
" Watchdogs " is the fourteenth episode of the third season of the American television series " Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D .	Plur
" Watchdogs " originally aired on ABC on March 29 , 2016 , and according to Nielsen Media Research , was watched by 3.20 million viewers .	Plur
The Watchdogs , a militant terrorist organisation dedicated to eradicating the Inhumans , destroy an Indiana ATCU facility using nitramene in gel projectiles .	Plur
Welliver and Dacascos reprise their roles from earlier in the series .	Sing
Jalabert and Fondriest headed off in a two-man sprint on San Remo 's Via Roma , with Jalabert easily taking the honours .	Sing
Pimelea villosa , also known as Pimelea arenaria , is a species of shrub in the family Thymelaeaceae .	Sing
" Pimelea villosa " is a sprawling shrub with hairy branches .	Sing
In the same paper , Burrows proposed to divide " P. villosa " into two subspecies , " P. villosa " subsp .	Sing
Dalzell worked as an art teacher at Roan School for Boys , Maze Hill , Blackheath , London , up to 1947 .	Sing
Dalzell wrote and broadcast over 170 scripts on arts subjects for the BBC .	Sing
Dalzell died in Bedford on 10 January 2004 , where in his later days he had been living at Dial House Nursing Home .	Sing
Doo Lough , the name of a lake in Ireland , may refer to :	Sing
Farooq Kirmani ( born 1 June 1955 ) is a former international cricketer who represented the Canadian national team between 1982 and 1991 .	Sing
After emigrating to Canada , Kirmani made his international debut at the 1982 ICC Trophy in England .	Sing
At the 1986 edition of the tournament , Kirmani scored 191 runs , behind only Paul Prashad and Ron Dipchand for Canada .	Sing
" EMR " won the Jury Prize for Best UK Feature at the Raindance Film Festival that year , and featured Tom Hardy in a small role .	Sing
On 24 February 2016 , the Croatian national broadcaster HRT announced that it had internally selected Nina Kraljić to represent Croatia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 .	Sing
In 1998 , Chavda received a Bachelor of Commerce in accounting from C.U .	Sing
Chavda started his career as a personal tutor at Saraswati Study Center in 1995 .	Sing
Chavda began writing during his school days in 1993 .	Sing
" Tu Kahu Ke Tame " ( 2012 ) is a collection of lyrical poems by Chavda .	Sing
On December 14 , 2004 , Chavda married his wife Madhu and they have a daughter and son ; Maitree and Harshil .	Sing
Actors Puneeth Rajkumar and Raghavendra Rajkumar sounded the first clap for the shoot .	Sing
Gopala Vajpayee has written the lyrics for all the songs .	Sing
Kerman is the capital city of Kerman Province , Iran .	Sing
Hereward Carrington who investigated Besinnet wrote that " my own sittings with this medium left me entirely unconvinced of their genuineness . "	Sing
Tilghman Richards joined Lee in 1910 and together they finished the aeroplane , fitting a Gnome Omega engine in the front .	Sing
Tilghman Richards continued to promote the benefits of the annular wing , but without success .	Sing
The undercarriage was a tricycle arrangement .	Sing
Juli graduated from Skidmore College in Saratoga Springs , New York with a degree in Dance and Anthropology , and worked in New York City from 2000-2012 .	Sing
Juli did six performances of " The Money Conversation " in 2006 .	Sing
Juli continues to work on choreographing and creating new solo work as well as running her consulting firm , Surala Consulting .	Sing
Juli is the recipient of the Arts Management Award from Brooklyn Arts Exchange in 2013 .	Sing
Acacia pterocaulon is a shrub belonging to the genus " Acacia " and subgenus " Alatae " .	Sing
Each racemose inflorescences has globular head of a diameter containing 60 to 70 densely packed golden flowers .	Sing
Especially the astigmatism induced by the non-uniform magnetic fields - which in turn causes non-uniform lens strength - was hard to prevent .	Sing
Therefore , to improve the resolving resolution , the astigmatism had to be corrected .	Sing
The 1995 – 96 Magyar Kupa ( English : " Hungarian Cup " ) was the 59th season of Hungary 's annual knock-out cup football competition .	Sing
The FTC has commented that this type of legislation would harm consumers .	Sing
Banca Popolare di Cividale is an Italian cooperative bank based in Cividale del Friuli , Friuli - Venezia Giulia .	Sing
In the same year Banca di Cividale acquired a minority interests ( 4.3 % ) in Banka për Biznes , a Kosovar bank .	Sing
In the same year Banca di Cividale acquired 5.5 % shares of Deželna Banka Slovenije .	Sing
In 2009 BP Cividale acquired a controlling interests ( 51 % ) in NordEst Banca .	Sing
McKean has claimed that he did not speak until he was 16 , but was able to describe how autism was like to him .	Sing
McKean at one time earned a living traveling about and doing conferences and consulting work on autism .	Sing
McKean then spent three years in a psychiatric institution starting at age 14 .	Sing
At one point , McKean gave a first-person account about dating with autism , where various issues were discussed .	Sing
McKean also said it was difficult to know how to understand and discipline her children .	Sing
McKean also discussed aspects of his autism in " Esquire " magazine , in a section dedicated to unusual experiences .	Sing
McKean has stated that some people who claim to have autism on the internet portray a very distorted and unrealistic view of what autism really is .	Sing
McKean believes that autism professionals need to listen more carefully to parents , and be more verbally direct about the child 's difficulties .	Sing
The Buddha statue theft occurred on October 4 , 2009 .	Sing
Tags may vary in color and may also differ in purpose .	Plur
A chime of bells in Solna , near the Haga park described in the song , rings out the melody every hour .	Sing
Welfare co-operatives , mutual aid societies and charitable societies were also involved .	Plur
Strains can tolerate pH values between 5.5 and 10 .	Plur
Strains that have been studied are sensitive to ampicillin , resistant to kanamycin and nalidixic acid , and grow well in YEMA medium containing 0.5 % NaCl .	Plur
Strains do not tolerate tetracycline and do not show any growth on LB medium .	Plur
Francesc Xavier Hernández Cardona ( Barcelona , 1954 ) is a Spanish historian , Professor of Didactics of Social Sciences of the University of Barcelona .	Sing
The ALBA Synchrotron works were undertaken during his tenure .	Sing
Noteworthy is the impulse of new iconographic , digital strategies and matte painting , with illustrators such as Guillem Hernández Pongiluppi and Mar Hernández Pongiluppi .	Sing
At the close of applications on 31 March only Britain Stronger in Europe had applied to the Electoral Commission for the official " remain " designation .	Sing
Vote Leave was the lead organisation campaigning for a leave vote in the referendum .	Sing
Both the Remain and Leave campaigns have released " songs " to promote their messages .	Sing
Gruff Rhys for the Remain team entitles his song " I love EU " .	Sing
For the Leave campaign , UKIP Parliamentary Candidate Mandy Boylettcreated a parody of the Three Lions anthem .	Sing
Strains survive at pH values between 5.5 and 10 .	Plur
Strains do not tolerate tetracycline and do not grow on LB medium .	Plur
Rhizobium lentis is a gram-negative bacterium which was isolated from root nodules of lentils in Bangladesh .	Sing
Strains grow well at pH 5.5 to 8.2 .	Plur
Strains do not tolerate tetracycline and do not show any growth on LB medium .	Plur
Fatin Nurfatehah Mat Salleh ( born ) is a Malaysian female compound archer and part of the national team .	Sing
Saritha Cham Nong ( born ) is a Malaysian female compound archer and part of the national team .	Sing
Thermo Sentron also owned competing brands such as Ramsey and Icore .	Sing
The Uffizi has made exhibitions of selections of self-portraits , including a traveling exhibition of self-portraits by women in 2011 .	Sing
Berkshire came under the Oxford RHA .	Sing
Berkshire had two Area Health Authorities from 1974 - Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , and Berkshire , Oxfordshire .	Sing
Berkshire was part of Thames Valley SHA .	Sing
Bracknell & Ascot , Slough , Windsor , Ascot & Maidenhead CCGs will merge into East Berkshire CCG in April 2018 .	Sing
The sinus of the lip is wide and shallow .	Sing
The Vie is an long river in the department of Vendée , western France .	Sing
On 23 February 2015 , IEC intentionally cut off electricity to the West Bank for about 45 minutes due to unpaid debts .	Sing
On 4 April , IEC cut power in the Bethlehem area , and the following day it cut power in the Hebron area .	Sing
Free wi-fi is now available across 30 publicly-accessible Aberdeen City Council buildings , as part of the latest work to be delivered by the Accelerate Aberdeen programme .	Sing
Free public Wi-Fi is available in the below locations :	Sing
Sipho Moyo is a Zimbabwean economist .	Sing
Datta came from a poor Bengali family .	Sing
In the last years of his life , Swami Vidyaranya lived mainly at Puskara ( in Rajasthan ) .	Sing
Pavlova rose to prominence on the global archery scene at the 2014 World Indoor Championships in Nimes , France .	Sing
After the 1998 Currie Cup , Kempson move to Cape Town , where he joined Currie Cup side and Super Rugby side the .	Sing
ETH Library is the largest public scientific and technical library in Switzerland .	Sing
ETH Library conducts a number of future-oriented projects , which ensure that the service and product portfolio is geared towards the needs of the target groups " .	Sing
Since then there was no permanent staffing in the Swedish Embassy .	Sing
Sad Alice Said , formerly known as Alice in Wonderland , is a gothic metal band from Ukraine .	Sing
The bass player Katia left and was replaced by Sergey Lykhotvor 's brother Pavlo .	Sing
In April 2006 , during one of the trials , Yuliya Levera left Sad Alice Said .	Sing
The shoulder somewhat flatter than in " Genota mitriformis " .	Sing
Warsop was an Urban District in Nottinghamshire , England from 1894 to 1974 .	Sing
West Bridgford was an Urban District in Nottinghamshire , England from 1894 to 1974 .	Sing
Khachaturian was also there in the summer of 1943 and met with most of them .	Sing
Myaskovsky spent almost one year during that period .	Sing
Worksop was an Urban District and Municipal Borough in Nottinghamshire , England from 1894 to 1974 .	Sing
Ko Ko Maung ( ; born 13 November 1950 ) is a Myanmar Dental Professor .	Sing
Veszprém are the defending champions .	Sing
The other disciple of Sämrä Kristos , Lehib , taught Qəne to Zetre Wengel - who was succeeded by Zikri .	Sing
Rollin C. Edelen ( May 17 , 1908 – November 27 , 1993 ) was an American businessman and politician .	Sing
Coach JC has private labeled his own line of dietary supplements and whey protein .	Sing
The other day Swindon Town asked if they might talk transfer with the City .	Sing
Local contractor Gust J. Carlson built the house in 1919 .	Sing
The two-story , brick Colonial Revival is typical of how Proudfoot , Bird & Rawson designed this style of house .	Sing
Ingestion of gonyautoxins through consumption of mollusks contaminated by toxic algae can cause a human illness called paralytic shellfish poisoning ( PSP ) .	Sing
Jalen Schlachter ( born October 11 , 1992 ) is an American football guard .	Sing
Money Feeds My Music Machine is the second studio album by Captain Howdy , released on April 21 , 1998 by Shimmy Disc and Knitting Factory Records .	Plur
Faiz Ganj Taluka is one of the eight Talukas of Khairpur District in Sindh , Pakistan .	Sing
A Taluka is an administrative division of a district , a sub-division it is town committee .	Sing
Khanpur Kalan is a village in Gohana tehsil of Sonipat district , in Haryana State , India .	Sing
Kochiana is a monotypic theraphosid spider genus , native to Brazil .	Sing
The coxae , trochanters and femurs are also black , but the patellae , tibiae , metatarsi , and tarsi are reddish light brown .	Sing
On July 15 , 2016 , Hopsin broke his silence on an interview with HipHopDX .	Sing
On February 20 , 2017 , Hopsin responded to SwizZz 's diss in the second verse of his single , " All Your Fault " .	Sing
Brigg was an Urban District in Parts of Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England from 1894 to 1974 .	Sing
If formula _ 32 satisfies the recurrence relation	Plur
The Kota Kinabalu Monorail is a proposed monorail line project since 2009 to be constructed in the Kota Kinabalu area by the Sabah state government .	Sing
Vaughan also encouraged public participation in preventative medicine by allowing public health nurses to come into homes to conduct periodic checkups as well as education .	Sing
Vaughan became the longest reigning Health Director of the Detroit Health Department , serving as Health Director between 1919 and 1941 ( 22 years ) .	Sing
Nishijima ( written : 西島 or 西嶋 ) is a Japanese surname .	Sing
Alcide Nunez recorded as a member of the group from 1919 to 1920 .	Sing
Cleethorpes was an Urban District and Municipal Borough in Parts of Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England from 1894 to 1974 .	Sing
Previously , Coughlan gave serious consideration to running for Mayor in the 2013 election .	Sing
Leggett has been the mayor of Porirua City since 2010 .	Sing
In April , Leggett resigned from the Labour Party and confirmed his intention to stand .	Sing
A Werder is an island between rivers or other bodies of water , in this case Bille and Elbe / Dove Elbe rivers .	Sing
Cundiff is a Fellow of American Physical Society , the Optical Society of America , and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers .	Sing
Starting in 1943 , Williamson took several classes in drawing and painting at Southern Methodist University and the Dallas Museum School .	Sing
Williamson moved into a nursing home in 1966 , where she completed the last of her more than 100 paintings .	Sing
The Velvet is the second mini album by South Korean girl group Red Velvet .	Sing
" Paranoia " is a single from American rock band A Day to Remember , released on March 9 , 2016 .	Sing
Jaume Collboni Cuadrado ( Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain 1969 ) is a Spanish politician , lawyer by profession and civil servant of the local administration .	Sing
Jaume Collboni joined the Party of the Socialists of Catalonia in the year 1994 .	Sing
In both rounds , Jaume Collboni was the most voted candidate .	Sing
Horncastle was an Urban District in Parts of Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England from 1894 to 1974 .	Sing
Proper has work in the permanent collections of the Smithsonian , and the Des Moines Art Center .	Sing
Proper was exhibiting oil paintings in Iowa by 1900 .	Sing
Proper earned a fellowship from the Art Students League to study in western Europe in 1903 and undertook studies in Germany .	Sing
After the term ended , Proper went to Paris to further her studies and remained for four years .	Sing
Proper and sculptor Malvina Hoffman , along with another member of the group , Heterodoxy , opened their own gallery space in New York City in 1912 .	Sing
In 1915 , Proper organized a suffrage poster contest in New York to support the upcoming vote on the women 's suffrage amendment .	Sing
Proper worked at the University of Puerto Rico from 1919 to 1922 .	Sing
J.B. Matthews , a staffer for the House Un-American Activities Committee vilified The Committee for Equal Justice .	Sing
Motley became chancellor of the UMass Boston on July 1 , 2007 , following more than 30 years of experience in higher education administration .	Sing
Motley also oversaw its 25-year master plan to enhance the campus and improve its layout on Columbia Point .	Sing
Motley is a founder of the Roxbury Preparatory Charter School and chair emeritus of the school ’ s Board of Trustees .	Sing
Motley also chairs the Boston Committee for the “ Do the Write Thing Challenge , ” an initiative of the National Campaign to Stop Violence .	Sing
The Det 'on Cho Corporation and three Yellowknife residents , Rob Carroll , Kevin Lang and Geoff Furniss , founded Trinity Helicopters in 2009 .	Sing
Louth was a Municipal Borough in Parts of Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England from 1835 to 1974 .	Sing
The General Catalogue of Variable Stars lists a period of 110 days .	Sing
Woolston continued running the journal in a manner similar to Beard .	Sing
In 1914 , " Voter " reverted to its original name and focused heavily on the upcoming vote for women 's suffrage in 1915 .	Sing
When women did not get the vote in 1915 , Woolston " returned the " Voter " to its broader mission . "	Sing
On September 6 , 2016 , LG announced the V20 , the first smartphone to ship with Nougat pre-installed .	Sing
Qualcomm stated that it would not support Nougat on devices using its Snapdragon 800 and 801 system-on-chips for undisclosed reasons .	Sing
Multiple notifications from a single app can also be " bundled " , and there is greater per-app control over notifications .	Plur
Bohn stated that he didn 't notice any significant battery improvements despite the Doze power-saving feature in Nougat .	Sing
Velazco stated that split-screen multitasking was a " big deal " , but he also encountered non-compatible apps .	Sing
Mablethorpe and Sutton was an Urban District in Parts of Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England from 1896 to 1974 .	Sing
In 1939 , Stork was a survivor of the sinking of the SS " Athenia " in the Atlantic Ocean .	Sing
Stork and his British contemporary , C. D. Locock , published several volumes of Swedish poetry in translation .	Sing
Kelvinside Academicals are a former rugby union team that played their home games at Balgray Playing Fields , Glasgow , Scotland .	Plur
For a short period after the Second World War , Kelvinside Academicals joined with West of Scotland to form a new club Kelvinside-West .	Sing
Scunthorpe was an Urban District from 1894 to 1919 and Municipal Borough from 1919 to 1974 in Parts of Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England .	Sing
Skegness was an Urban District in Parts of Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England from 1894 to 1974 .	Sing
Woodhall Spa was an Urban District in Parts of Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England from 1898 to 1974 .	Sing
His formal investiture occurred on May 23 , 2016 .	Sing
McCullough graduated from the University of Virginia in 1994 and obtained his law degree from the University of Richmond T.C .	Sing
In 1999 , McCullough joined the criminal litigation section of the Office of the Attorney General .	Sing
Excursions to Varna quickly became popular partly because the Marselisborg Forests already was a popular destination .	Plur
In 1915 Varna Palæet had a pavilion of glass added to better serve outdoor during the summer .	Sing
Methodologically , the subfield tends to use within-case analysis and conduct causes-of-effects research ( as opposed to effects-of-causes research ) .	Sing
Doran , sometimes nicknamed " Plastic Paddy " , is a former four-time British Rallycross Champion .	Sing
Syeda Razia Faiz ( 18 April 1936 – 15 November 2013 ) was a Bangladeshi politician .	Sing
On January 11 , 2017 , Foxx signed a reserve / future contract with the Jets .	Sing
As of fall of 2018 , Foxx is the wide receivers coach for the Loomis Chaffee varsity football team , a prep school in Windsor , Connecticut .	Sing
Mercedes-AMG G65 is a V12 engined ( with twin turbochargers ) version of the Mercedes-Benz G-Class .	Sing
Mercedes-AMG is a brand of Daimler AG ( Mercedes-Benz , Unimog , AMG , and Smart )	Sing
Separation Anxiety is an American television game show hosted by Iliza Shlesinger .	Sing
Lucille B Skaggs Edwards ( born July 1875 ) was a journalist in Omaha , Nebraska .	Plur
Seiichi Nakajima ( 1919 – April 11 , 2015 ) was a Japanese citizen and pioneering founder of the Total Productive Maintenance system .	Sing
The NCPC has also opposed use of the wires along H Street NE , the 11th Street bridges , and in Anacostia .	Sing
The NCPC said they had legal advice which indicated that only Congress had the power to rescind the 1888 and 1889 laws .	Sing
On August 22 , 2011 , DDOT announced the first streetcars would roll on the H Street line in the summer of 2013 .	Sing
In late August 2011 , DDOT announced the H Street Line would begin operation in the summer of 2013 .	Sing
In February , DDOT began the contract solicitation process anew .	Sing
Due to the contract controversy , DDOT said it might begin running the H Street / Benning Road line with just three streetcars instead of five .	Sing
In April 2014 , DDOT estimated that the H Street Line would open in the fall of 2014 .	Sing
Ke Jie ( ; born 2 August 1997 ) is a Chinese professional Go player of 9 dan rank .	Sing
Ke Jie started to learn how to play Go in 2003 when he was 5 years old and won his first national championship in 2007 .	Sing
In January 2015 , Ke won his first world title when he won the 2nd Bailing Cup , defeating Qiu Jun 3-2 in the finals .	Sing
In January 2016 , Ke won the 2nd Mlily Cup , defeating world renowned Go player Lee Sedol in the fifth round .	Sing
Ke became highest ranked player in the official Chinese Weiqi Association ranking in September 2015 .	Sing
In August 2016 , at the 3rd Bailing Cup , Ke defeated Xu Jiayang to advance to the best-of-three semifinal match where he faced Won Seong-jin .	Sing
Ke then faced Chen Yaoye in the final best-of-five match , which was the third straight Bailing Cup finals to have been contested between Chinese players .	Sing
From 31 October 2016 to 2 November 2016 , Ke played against rival Lee Sedol once more during the semifinals of the 21st Samsung Cup .	Sing
Ke had the white stones in the third game and was able to secure all four corners to gain a territorial lead from the beginning .	Sing
From 6 December 2016 to 8 December 2016 , Ke played the finals against compatriot Tuo Jiaxi .	Sing
Ke won the title by defeating Peng Liyao 3-2 in the finals in December 2017 .	Sing
Ke stated he still had " one last move " to defeat AlphaGo .	Sing
Regarding AlphaGo , Ke Jie stated that " One can only learn from its strategic philosophy and not only tactics . "	Sing
Ke Jie resigned in the second game after 156 moves and the third game after 209 moves .	Sing
After his defeat to AlphaGo , Ke Jie studied the program 's games to find inspiration for new strategies , and adopted a territory-oriented style of play .	Sing
Therefore Ke is still competing in the game .	Sing
DDOT and Metro announced in April 2006 that work on the revised streetcar line in Anacostia would start again in a few months .	Sing
However , DDOT had yet to award any track construction contract by this time .	Sing
In April 2009 , DDOT announced that the Anacostia streetcar line would not be complete until at least 2012 .	Sing
Vasile Gheorghiu ( June 16 , 1872 – November 29 , 1959 ) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian theologian .	Sing
Gheorghiu was among the leading Romanian New Testament theologians .	Sing
Cassa di Risparmio di Fermo S.p.A. ( Carifermo ) is an Italian savings bank based in Fermo , Marche region .	Sing
Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde ( Cariplo ) acquired a minority interests in the bank for 33.3 % shares in late 1990s .	Sing
Munawar and his actions became a folk tale in the area and the pass was named after him by locals , a name it retains to date .	Sing
A registrar is a public authority responsible for managing the registry of companies .	Sing
M2 — is a Ukrainian music television channel .	Sing
M2 belongs to media holding StarLightMedia , which also comprises channels ICTV , STB , Novyi Kanal , M1 and QTV .	Sing
The sanctum sanctorum of the main shrine houses the idol of Maha Vishnu .	Sing
Bali was the grandson of Prahlada , the son of Virochana .	Sing
King Mahabali was generous , and engaged in severe austerities and penance and won the praise of the world .	Sing
Vamana , in the guise of a short Brahmin carrying a wooden umbrella , went to the king to request three paces of land .	Sing
Mahabali consented , against the warning of his guru , Sukracharya .	Sing
Vamana then revealed his identity and enlarged to gigantic proportions to stride over the three worlds .	Sing
King Mahabali , unable to fulfill his promise , offered his head for the third .	Sing
Vamana then placed his foot and gave the king immortality for his humility .	Sing
Cerebro escaped , and revealed that his X-Men were nano-tech lifeforms created from the power and personality templates stored in Cerebro 's own mutant database .	Sing
Bures is a village in eastern England .	Sing
Secular Muslim critic Tarek Fatah reported Jamal as " creating a Islamacist , supremacist cult " .	Sing
Farhad Moshiri ( born 1963 in Shiraz ) is an Iranian artist currently based in Tehran .	Sing
In 1969 , Frese graduated B.A .	Plur
The Notman Photographic Archives is an archive of photographic images originally collected by photographer William Notman .	Sing
Laramie Potts is an American scientist at Ohio State University who identified the Wilkes Land mass concentration in Antarctica in collaboration with Ralph von Frese .	Sing
Prelude for War is a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris featuring his Robin Hood-inspired crime fighter , Simon Templar , alias " The Saint " .	Sing
In 1818 Blacklock moved from London to Cumwhitton .	Sing
Blacklock moved back to London in 1836 ; but in 1850 his health deteriorated and he moved back to Cumwhitton .	Sing
The macula densa uses the composition of the tubular fluid as an indicator of GFR .	Sing
A year later , 1973 , Larsson won the 200 metre individual medley at the first official FINA World Championships in Belgrade .	Sing
During his career , Larsson set three world and eight European records .	Sing
Larsson retired from competitive swimming in 1973 and until 1980 worked as a swimming coach .	Sing
The Devil 's Tune is a novel by British Conservative Party politician Iain Duncan Smith , published in November 2003 .	Sing
Jumeirah Bay X2 stands as the tallest of the three , and rises the closest to the shoreline .	Sing
Jumeirah Bay X1 and X3 both have 41 floors .	Sing
Lago ( Laghitano : ) is a " comune " in the province of Cosenza , Calabria , in southern Italy .	Sing
Politically , Lago was a domain of the House of Cybo-Malaspina for much of its feudal history .	Sing
Astronaut Mario Runco Jr. is a first-generation American of Laghitan heritage .	Sing
Nicolás Fernández Miranda ( born November 25 , 1972 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a former rugby player .	Sing
The small patio at the back shown in the picture below is clearly recognisable .	Sing
Wielki Krzek is uninhabited and is under natural protection on account of its many species of animals .	Sing
Hurlock dropped into non-league football and played for Isthmian League sides Enfield and Leytonstone / Ilford .	Sing
After some attention from Bournemouth manager David Webb , Hurlock joined Division Three side Brentford in August 1980 for a £ 10,000 fee .	Sing
Callaghan managed to convince Hurlock to smarten his appearance , as Callaghan believed his rough appearance was influencing referees to book him .	Sing
Hurlock departed Brentford in February 1986 , having made 263 appearances and scored 24 goals .	Sing
Looking back in 2002 on his time with the Bees , Hurlock said " I loved my time at the club and living in the town " .	Sing
Hurlock made 35 appearances and scored no goals during his year with Reading .	Sing
In 2002 , Hurlock revealed that he failed to see eye-to-eye with manager Ian Branfoot , as he refused to relocate to Reading from his Brentford home .	Sing
Hurlock departed Millwall on 23 August 1990 , having made 123 appearances and scored 10 goals during three-and-a-half years at The Den .	Sing
Hurlock moved to Scotland to sign for Scottish League Premier Division side Rangers on 23 August 1990 for a £ 375,000 fee .	Sing
In one season at Ibrox , Hurlock made 35 appearances , scored two goals and won Premier Division and League Cup medals .	Sing
Hurlock returned to England to sign for Division One club Southampton on 9 September 1991 for a £ 400,000 fee .	Sing
Hurlock made 33 appearances during the inaugural season of the new Premier League , before falling out of favour the following year departing in February 1994 .	Sing
Hurlock dropped down to Division One to rejoin high-flying Millwall on 25 February 1994 on a free transfer .	Sing
Hurlock departed the club after the season and finished his Millwall career having made 138 appearances and scored 10 goals across his two spells .	Sing
During his one season with Fulham , Hurlock set an unwanted record of 61 disciplinary points .	Sing
Hurlock was friends with Millwall supporter Bob Crow and has worked for the RMT since 2012 .	Sing
Keenan fought in France during World War I , and later joined the Judge Advocate General 's Corps .	Sing
In 1919 , Keenan became a Special Assistant to the Ohio Attorney General , with a focus on combating organized crime .	Sing
During this time , Keenan led prosecutions against notable gangsters during the Depression , including Machine Gun Kelly and members of the Barker-Karpis gang .	Sing
Keenan died in 1954 in Asheboro , North Carolina .	Sing
Glaros ( Γλάρος , " seagull " ) or Glaronisi ( Γλαρονήσι ) is an island that belongs to the Lesser Cyclades .	Sing
Västerås SK plays at the ABB Arena South and have won the World Cup seven times .	Sing
The current landlady is Judy Allen , who has chosen to maintain a traditional atmosphere by not introducing games machines or music to the pub .	Sing
In April 2004 Buckby gave up his portfolios to concentrate on his electorate .	Sing
Durrani pleaded guilty in January 2010 and was sentenced to 7 ½ years in prison .	Sing
In 1996 Interplay and Amazing Media released a sequel , " " .	Sing
Enraged that Phillip has been stealing his notes , Frankenstein throws him in the dungeon and tortures him .	Sing
During the year 2001 , " Frankenstein " s bundle SKU with " " sold 113,349 units in North America , according to PC Data .	Sing
" Desmond Dekker & The Aces " were the chart toppers at that time with " The Israelites " .	Sing
" Pain Is So Close to Pleasure	Sing
" Pain Is So Close to Pleasure " is a song by Queen , included on their 1986 album " A Kind of Magic " .	Sing
" Pain Is So Close to Pleasure " has more than 58,000 hits on Lastfm .	Sing
Piccolo won Light at the 2006 election with a 52.1 percent two-party-preferred vote from a swing of 4.9 points against the incumbent Liberal member , Malcolm Buckby .	Sing
Piccolo increased his vote to 55.3 percent at the 2010 election and became the first Labor MP to be re-elected to Light .	Sing
In 2018 , Piccolo took 59.9 percent of the two-party vote , just on the edge of making Light a safe Labor seat .	Sing
Tequila is an alcoholic drink made from agave juice .	Sing
Tequila may also refer to :	Sing
Diseases associated with this genus include : yellowing and necrosis , particularly affecting the phloem .	Plur
Replication follows the positive stranded RNA virus replication model .	Sing
And it is in harmony with the ABC NEWS CHRONICLE INVESTIGATION BOSTON 5 1993 Expose TV show 6 part series .	Sing
La Toya Jackson is the 1980 self – titled debut album from American singer La Toya Jackson .	Sing
However , Dissanayake also contends that some of these raw materials may be pleasurable in themselves , i.e .	Sing
Cadwallader found a very high mortality among adults , particularly males , post reproduction .	Sing
Cadwallader found that the juveniles became mature and able to reproduce during early autumn .	Sing
Cadwallader found that individuals in slow moving areas of water would feed at mid-water in a similar fashion to introduced trout species .	Sing
Woodford and McIntosh found that populations of " Galaxis vulgaris " were heavily impacted by trout populations .	Sing
In the mid nineties , Lemma was a part of the group Mo Blues .	Sing
After returning to Sweden in 2000 , Lemma recorded the soundtrack to Josef Fares ' movie " Jalla !	Sing
Harlan Francis Hagen ( October 8 , 1914 – November 25 , 1990 ) was a United States Representative from California .	Sing
Ky Laffoon ( December 23 , 1908 – March 17 , 1984 ) was an American professional golfer .	Sing
Ky ran after her and pleaded that he wasn 't cussing at his golf game , he just hates honeysuckle .	Sing
In this early phase only titanium and steel plate offerings were successful in addressing this requirement .	Sing
Today Ukrainian Sitch participate in the Garden State Soccer League Super Division .	Sing
CTV is a flexuous rod virus with dimensions of 2000 nm long and 12 nm in diameter .	Sing
CTV is a virus that is limited to the phloem tissues of its host .	Sing
CTV is the most economically important and damaging virus of citrus trees .	Sing
With the spreading of " T. citricida " the severity and impact has increased dramatically in Central America and the U.S .	Sing
The 129th was a new organization with no prior history or lineage .	Sing
In April 1975 , the 129th received a new mission , designation and Air Force Command .	Sing
On 3 September 1991 , the 129th recovered a sailor from the merchant ship " White Mana " , the Group 's 200th " save " .	Sing
Since its designation as a rescue unit in 1975 , the 129th has directly saved the lives of 300 people	Sing
During Desert Shield / Storm in 1990 and 1991 , the 129th deployed personnel to both overseas and stateside locations .	Sing
The 129th provided aid during floods along the Yuba River in 1959 and the Eel River in 1964-1965 .	Sing
The 129th provided air transportation for State and Federal government officials to survey damage from the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake and the 1991 Oakland Hills fire .	Sing
Kaira Gong ( , born 25 July 1981 in Singapore ) is a Singaporean singer whose family is of Shanghainese descent .	Sing
Gong studied at Pei Chun Public School , Nanyang Girls ' High School , Raffles Junior College , and the National University of Singapore .	Sing
Gong agreed to help and she won the " Best Performance Award " in that competition .	Sing
Gong had never travelled outside Singapore before and she admitted that she was shy in nature .	Sing
Gong prepared for 5 months for the production of her debut album " Kaira " ( 好 , 詩嘉 ) .	Sing
Kheng Long became the producer of her album .	Sing
Gong admitted that she was still nervous in front of the camera and she will keep quiet when she cannot speak fast enough like her Taiwan counterparts .	Sing
However Gong was quick to emphasise that she was just homesick at that time .	Sing
Gong is interested in basketball .	Sing
Gong is interested in Rock and roll , Funk , and Bossa nova types of music .	Sing
During her performance in 2009 Singapore Entertainment Awards , Gong indicated that she was busy working on her second album .	Sing
Gong became a spokesperson for Ragnarok Online in December 2005 , and also filmed a promotional video for the game .	Sing
During the 2011 Singapore Total Defence campaign , Gong was one of the 39 artists who took part in the production of " Home " music video .	Sing
Colberg is a surname , and may refer to :	Sing
Billingsley won the 1992 1A State Championship over Parrish High School 13-12 & the 1997 1A State Championship over Westbrook Christian Academy 28-8 .	Sing
Mujica originally signed with the Indians as an undrafted free agent in October , 2001 .	Sing
Mujica began his career as a starter with San Felipe , Burlington and Lake County in 2002 , 2003 , and 2004 .	Sing
In 2011 , Mujica appeared in 67 games , finished with a 9-6 record , had 63 strikeouts and an ERA of 2.96 .	Sing
On December 17 , 2015 , Mujica signed a minor league contract with the Philadelphia Phillies , receiving an invitation to spring training .	Sing
On July 15 , 2016 , Mujica signed a minor league contract with the Kansas City Royals .	Sing
On August 19 , 2016 , Mujica signed a minor league contract with the Minnesota Twins .	Sing
On January 10 , 2017 , Mujica signed a minor league contract with the Detroit Tigers that included an invitation to spring training .	Sing
On January 31 , 2018 , Mujica signed a minor league contract to return to the St. Louis Cardinals .	Sing
Mujica is mainly a two-pitch pitcher , utilizing a four-seam fastball at 90-93 mph and a splitter at 86-89 .	Sing
State-run Thammasat University Bookstore quickly followed suit , refusing to sell the book on 6 March .	Sing
Handley commented on Stevenson 's book , pages 437-439 of " The King Never Smiles " :	Sing
Formerly an insurance salesman , real estate salesman and teacher , Rep. Auer is today lobbyist for numerous health care firms operating in Missouri .	Sing
Family lore has it that the emperor gave him an enormous ring , with three rubies , directly from his finger .	Sing
This malady was to plague him with horrendous consequences for both him and his family for the rest of his life .	Sing
( Gussow relates the story in his 1998 blues memoir , " Mister Satan 's Apprentice " . )	Sing
After dropping out of grad school , Gussow spent several years as a part-time street performer in New York and Europe .	Sing
In October 1986 , Gussow encountered Magee again , purely by chance , this time at Magee 's regular stretch of sidewalk near the Apollo Theater .	Sing
Gussow , a semi-seasoned street performer by this point , sat in .	Sing
Giacosa was engineering manager at Fiat by 1937 and he had become director of the engineering division of Fiat by 1950 .	Sing
Giacosa died in Turin in 1996 .	Sing
The Fiat Topolino was a state of the art two-seat miniature car that soon proved popular when production commenced in 1936 .	Sing
Next Giacosa and his team designed a replacement for the Fiat Topolino .	Sing
Fiat also produced coupé and spyder versions using the 850 platform , with an engine producing , later and later a engine .	Sing
Bair has said that she was referring to President Barack Obama 's nomination of Vivek Murthy for U.S .	Plur
Murthy supports stronger gun regulations .	Sing
Awad and Ellison knew each other as they attended the University of Minnesota Law School at the same time .	Sing
These transgressions occurred in 2002 – 04 .	Plur
In response Sali sent Ellison an email saying he " meant no offense " .	Sing
In March 2008 North Forest ISD announced that it will consolidate its two high schools .	Sing
In 2001 , after Jaye became the first member of the Michigan Legislature to be expelled from office ,	Sing
In a classical grand pas de deux , the ballerina and danseur each perform a variation .	Sing
The single dorsal and anal fins are about two thirds of the way along the body .	Sing
The dwarf galaxias has six pelvic fin rays , which distinguishes it from most other galaxiids which have only five .	Sing
Each superstar came with a biography card on the packaging and a poster inside .	Sing
There are also numerous minor repaints and several minor mold changes .	Plur
LJN also produced a child size WrestleMania Championship Belt .	Sing
There were two prominent misspellings on the red stickers affixed to the figures ' packaging .	Plur
Comic Bakery is a computer game for the MSX , made by Konami in 1984 and later ported to Commodore 64 by Imagine Software .	Sing
Rasa Music , also now known as Rasa Living , is a record label based in New York City .	Sing
Rasa is Sanskrit for " the sap or essence of things " and expanded into Rasa Living , a lifestyle company .	Sing
The " HF " commits itself to the unwavering pursuit for the development of the academic community and nation by upholding their principles as responsible student journalists .	Sing
Promulgating its credo of " Voice , Virtue , and Vigilance , " the " Heraldo Filipino " releases approximately 10 publications a year .	Sing
To keep the students updated during the University ’ s election season , " HF " introduced Halalan in February 2002 .	Sing
" HF " maintains its image as DLSU-D 's watchdog , reporting mostly on the different issues encountered by the school and its constituents .	Sing
Aside from publishing newspapers , magazines , etc . , " HF " also holds various seminars , contests , and events , mainly for DLSU-D students .	Sing
New York Hakoah is a United States soccer club based in New York City , which takes its name from two earlier , defunct clubs .	Sing
Bernt Assar Rönnlund ( 3 September 1935 – 5 January 2011 ) was a Swedish cross-country skier .	Sing
Aziza is the first album by Aziza Mustafa Zadeh .	Sing
Zadeh wrote all fifteen of the tracks on the album .	Sing
At this early stage , Aziza already had something of her own to offer " .	Sing
Grant , ever trusting of associates , was himself influenced by both forces .	Sing
On a space station , Devlin McCormack has just buried his estranged son , only to receive news afterwards that he was murdered .	Sing
Devlin seeks to unravel the conspiracy behind his son 's murder .	Sing
Devlin is the sole survivor of an attack on his ship during the Company Wars , sustaining permanent damage to his lungs due to smoke inhalation .	Sing
Devlin vows to kill whoever was responsible for this .	Sing
Devlin flees , but eventually kills the creature by igniting a fuel tank in the engine room .	Plur
Devlin and LaPaz retrieve Brooks ' body and seal the corridor from the outside seconds before it de-pressurizes .	Sing
Devlin suggests evacuating the station , but Meyer points out the shuttle 's navigation computer is still wiped .	Sing
Devlin sets the self-destruct and booby-traps the switch with a concussion charge .	Sing
Competitive co-ed cheer won ASAA State 2012 under the coaching of Melissa Brady from the Alaska Large Schools State Championship .	Sing
Nant Gwynant is a valley in north Wales .	Sing
The Union blockade disrupted commerce in New Orleans , and the naval forces assembling in the Gulf would advance up the Mississippi in early 1862 .	Sing
Although both languages are high-level programming languages , VB.NET maintains a slightly higher level of abstraction in some respects .	Sing
Zinc molybdate ( ZnMoO ) is an inorganic chemical compound .	Sing
sodium molybdate are toxic in higher doses , zinc molybdate is essentially non-toxic because of its insolubility in water .	Sing
Yossi Melman ( Hebrew : יוסי מלמן , born December 27 , 1950 ) is an Israeli writer and journalist .	Sing
After Otsugi dies , Kae begins to let go of her direct hatred for Otsugi and begins to live her life .	Sing
Manduca signed with APOEL in 2010 , remaining with the club until his retirement and winning eight major titles .	Sing
Manduca moved to Portugal in 1999 , successively representing F.C .	Sing
Manduca blossomed into a top division player with C.S .	Sing
Marítimo , where he scored in a 2004 – 05 UEFA Cup first round penalty shootout exit against Rangers , moving to S.L .	Sing
In 2012 – 13 , Manduca won his second Cypriot league , starting in all 32 league matches and scoring 12 times .	Sing
On 30 March 2015 , aged 34 , Manduca announced his immediate retirement from football due to a serious ankle injury .	Sing
Normal liver tissue absorbs the manganese more than abnormal or cancerous tissue .	Sing
The manganese shortens the longitudinal relaxation time ( T1 ) , making the normal tissue appear brighter in MRIs .	Plur
Unlike Old Entish , a non-Ent conceivably could speak " New " Entish .	Sing
The Sexy Club Mix is the nearly the same on all formats .	Sing
However , Jurek criticized the reissue for not including musician credits .	Sing
Ghetto Gothic is the fifth studio album by Melvin Van Peebles .	Sing
Capitol also drew marketing value from Van Peebles ' reputation as " the godfather of rap " .	Sing
Novelist Kinky Friedman created a Miranda character in his detective novels .	Sing
In January 2008 HarperCollins reported that the memoir had been cancelled , without giving a reason .	Sing
" The Invisible Millionaire " aired on February 13 , 1964 , during the programme 's second season .	Sing
In September 2016 , Cartwright began a main role in the CBS sitcom " Kevin Can Wait " as Chale Witt .	Sing
Cartwright has lived in Los Angeles since 2006 .	Sing
" Crack Addict " is a song by Limp Bizkit written and recorded in 2002 , and produced by an uncredited Al Jourgensen .	Sing
While working with Limp Bizkit , Al Jourgensen claims that he convinced Fred Durst to strip naked and wear a cowboy hat while singing .	Sing
Also absent is Hoppy Uniatz , Templar 's sidekick .	Sing
" The Happy Highwayman " , as a result , was the last Saint book for many years to be primarily set in Great Britain .	Sing
Wyld File consisted of the duo Ben Jones and Jacob Ciocci , in collaboration with Eric Mast ( better known as E * ROCK ) .	Sing
Skeets is a fictional artificial intelligence robot from the future in the .	Sing
Skeets first appeared in " Booster Gold " # 1 and was created by Dan Jurgens .	Plur
Booster used this knowledge to become wealthy and to stop disasters before they happened .	Sing
Following the events of " The OMAC Project " , Booster disappeared , telling his friend Bea he was going home .	Sing
Booster reappeared inexplicably with Skeets on the moon in " Infinite Crisis " # 2 .	Sing
Booster and Skeets later break into Rip Hunter 's lab to question him about possible changes in time .	Sing
Booster finds Rip has vanished and scrawled notes that indicate Booster is responsible for the changes in time .	Sing
Booster eventually loses his fame and fortune after a staged fight with a " supervillain " backfires .	Sing
A new superhero called Supernova appears and quickly eclipses Booster in popularity .	Sing
Booster attempts to regain his popularity by preventing the meltdown of a nuclear submarine , but dies after it explodes .	Sing
Skeets recruits Booster 's ancestor , Daniel , a week later in order to regain access to Rip 's lab .	Plur
Skeets leaves Daniel trapped in a repeating time loop after Daniel uncovers the scrawled notes , which indicate that Skeets is responsible for the changes in time .	Plur
Skeets later stages an invasion of Metropolis in order to draw out Rip Hunter , which results in the slaughter of several civilians and amateur superheroes .	Plur
When Firestorm 's new Justice League try to stop him , Skeets kills the new Super-Chief and escapes .	Plur
Skeets eventually locates Rip in the Bottle City of Kandor , along with Supernova .	Plur
Supernova reveals himself to be a disguised Booster Gold , who faked his death with Rip 's help in order to stop Skeets ' plans .	Sing
Rip uses a Phantom Zone projector built in an attempt to stop Skeets .	Sing
Skeets absorbs the Phantom Zone itself forcing Rip and Booster to escape .	Plur
Booster and Rip use T.O .	Sing
Booster and Rip escape " back to where it all started . "	Sing
Skeets now has a new , upgraded form , more boxy than his previous round form .	Sing
For some reason , Skeets and the JLI members are the only ones who remember Max 's existence .	Plur
Skeets is a 25th-century security robot ( sometimes " valet unit " ) with artificial intelligence .	Sing
Sweet lemon and sweet lime refer to many citrus hybrids that contain low acid pulp and juice .	Sing
Sweet limes and lemons are not sharply separated :	Plur
Another roller coaster with the same name exists at Six Flags Magic Mountain , but that ride is an Arrow Dynamics suspended swinging coaster .	Sing
Oud Beersel is a Belgian lambic brewery .	Sing
Oud Beersel is an artisanal lambic brewery , based in Beersel and founded in 1882 by Henri Vandervelden .	Sing
The Oklahoma City Slickers was the name given to two different American soccer clubs based in Oklahoma City .	Plur
The second Oklahoma City Slickers competed in the USISL from 1993 to 1996 .	Plur
In 1982 , the first Oklahoma City Slickers joined the de facto second division American Soccer League .	Plur
The Slickers went to the championship series , losing to the Detroit Express .	Plur
In 1983 , the Slickers finished last in the league .	Plur
The Slickers joined the new league , changing their name to the Oklahoma City Stampede .	Plur
The Slickers withdrew from the league and disbanded after the 1995 – 96 USISL indoor season .	Plur
Citrus is a genus of flowering plants including the orange and lemon .	Sing
Citrus may also refer to :	Sing
Alvan Cullem Gillem ( July 29 , 1830 – December 2 , 1875 ) was a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .	Sing
Afterwards , Gillem commanded the Union cavalry in east Tennessee , and participated in an expedition to North Carolina which resulted in the capture of Salisbury .	Sing
Gillem supervised the district until 1868 .	Sing
In 1875 , Gillem became seriously ill and returned home to Tennessee to recuperate .	Sing
Gillem married Margaret Jones ( 1838 – 1878 ) on July 23 , 1855	Sing
At Paramount , Schmit began his notable collaboration with director Billy Wilder .	Sing
Olimpia was an American soccer club based in New Britain , Connecticut that was a member of the American Soccer League .	Sing
A tobacco fatwa is a fatwa ( Islamic legal pronouncement ) that prohibits the usage of tobacco by Muslims .	Sing
The kingdom 's Grand Mufti and the Wali of Sila both ruled that smoking was forbidden in Islam .	Sing
Second : Our inclination to consider smoking prohibited does not mean that it is as grave as major sins like adultery , drinking alcohol or theft .	Sing
The fatwa , which ruled that smoking is a major sin on par with alcohol use and acceptable grounds for divorce , triggered substantial controversy in Egypt .	Sing
Iran ’ s Grand Ayatollah Mirza Shirazi in 1891 issued a fatwa against tobacco .	Sing
The Mufti cites a sahih hadith ( verifiable saying of the Prophet ) saying " do not harm yourself or others . "	Sing
After the war , McDaniel returned to Monroe , where he married Hester Felker .	Sing
Upon the death of the abbot , the inheriting cleric nullified the lease and evicted the Lampugnani brothers from the property .	Sing
Pandemonium erupted quickly , as the congregation — assassins included — fled the church .	Sing
In Louisiana especially , Creoles of color had long comprised a third class during the years of slavery .	Plur
Åsa is a village in Ringerike municipality in Buskerud , Norway .	Sing
The conveyor consisted of 12 water wheel with a chain between .	Sing
Sanskrit scriptures often appear in variant editions which may show differences in organization and verse numbering .	Sing
Narada describes that lust is absent in those who execute bhakti purely because they naturally have no personal desires to fulfill .	Sing
Christiania Rebels is an American football team located in Oslo , Norway .	Sing
Zinc pyrophosphate ( ZnPO ) is an ionic inorganic chemical compound composed of Zn cations and pyrophosphate anions .	Sing
The Avon has a high tidal range , so the river could have been forded twice a day .	Sing
The Snake River Stampede is a rodeo held in Nampa , Idaho .	Sing
The Snake River Stampede had its humble beginnings as a bucking contest in conjunction with Nampa 's harvest festival .	Sing
By 1937 , the rodeo broke away from the autumn harvest festival , and the show moved to summer in July .	Sing
At this time , the rodeo joined the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association and a new name was chosen .	Sing
After considering such names as Ski-Hi Rodeo and Thunder Mountain Round Up , rodeo director Ike Corlett chose " Snake River Stampede . "	Sing
The 360 degree welding on the dual layered heat treated high strength alloys makes it the safest large bore suppressor on the market .	Sing
The suppressor slides over the muzzle brake directly into the index point , allowing accurate alignment .	Sing
Charteris would continue this " travelogue-mystery " theme a decade later with " The Saint in Europe " and successive volumes .	Plur
( Commonly referred to as " B " wing ) There is a cafeteria in both wings .	Sing
Åsane Seahawks is the name of an American football and cheerleading team located in Åsane , Norway that competes in the Norwegian Federation of American Sports .	Sing
The basalt knoll offers an outstanding view of the surrounding area .	Sing
( Al- ) Minya may refer to :	Sing
Steinschneider believes it possible that Levi was also the author of the short commentary on Psalms found in the British Museum ( No .	Sing
Havant RFC is an English rugby union club , playing in the RFU 's London 1 South , and is a member of the Hampshire RFU .	Sing
The escudo was the name of two distinct Spanish currency denominations .	Sing
The first escudo was a gold coin introduced in 1535 / 1537 , with coins denominated in escudos issued until 1833 .	Sing
The second escudo was the currency of Spain between 1864 and 1869 .	Sing
The escudo replaced the " real " at a rate of 10 reales = 1 escudo .	Sing
The later silver escudo was worth one quarter of the earlier , gold escudo .	Sing
Hamar Ruins is the name of an American football team located in Hamar , Norway that competes in the Norway American Football Federation .	Sing
For example , exponentiation with an integer or rational exponent is an algebraic operation , but not the general exponentiation with a real or complex exponent .	Sing
The imprecision of natural language as a vehicle for describing programming language semantics can lead to problems with interpreting the specification .	Sing
This indwelling expresses and realizes fellowship between the Father and the Son .	Sing
A hermeneutic of the one-in-three principle slowly approached the synthesis understood today as perichoresis .	Sing
Only a loose plank bobbing over the void seems to hold him up , and it looks as if he must eventually sink .	Sing
Protestant and Catholics differ in their interpretation of " communio " as model of ecclesial unity binding on members of the Mystical body of Christ .	Sing
Substitution is a fundamental concept in logic .	Sing
If Φ is a tautology , and Θ is a substitution instance of Φ , then Θ is again a tautology .	Sing
Composition is an associative operation , and is compatible with substitution application , i.e .	Sing
" Hot Stuff " won Summer the Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance in the inaugural year the award was given out .	Sing
" Hot Stuff " was the seventh biggest song of 1979 in the US .	Sing
Contrasts is the eighth album by the Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh .	Plur
In total , the coaster has 3 trains that have a total capacity of 90 riders ( 30 each ) .	Sing
Yttrium ( III ) arsenide ( YAs ) is an inorganic chemical compound .	Sing
From this result Sagnac concluded that light propagates at a speed independent of the speed of the source .	Sing
Vålerenga Trolls is an American football team located in Oslo , Norway that competes in the Norwegian Federation of American Sports ( NAIF ) .	Sing
Brel sees the sky as " so low " that " a canal gets lost " and it brings his people humility .	Sing
Yttrium ( III ) sulfide ( YS ) is an inorganic chemical compound .	Sing
Rockin ’ Roller was a steel roller coaster at Six Flags St. Louis in Eureka , Missouri .	Sing
Krauss has won 27 Grammy Awards , most by a female artist and tied for second most by any artist .	Sing
Overall , Krauss has received 56 awards from 99 nominations .	Sing
Krauss has received two awards from nine nominations .	Sing
Krauss has received two awards from three nominations .	Sing
Krauss has received one award .	Sing
Krauss has received 9 awards from 27 nominations .	Sing
Krauss has received two awards from four nominations .	Sing
Krauss has received two awards .	Sing
As of the 2015 Grammy Awards , Krauss has received 27 awards from 44 nominations .	Sing
Krauss has received 14 awards , including two wins of the top honour : Entertainer of the Year .	Sing
European route E16 passes through Steinsåsen as it travels from Oslo to Bergen .	Sing
Xenon oxytetrafluoride ( XeOF ) is an inorganic chemical compound .	Sing
In 2005 , ASCII was involved with a plan to set up free community wireless internet access across Amsterdam .	Sing
The Canton Spirituals are an award-winning gospel recording group and are regarded as pioneers in the genre of traditional gospel music .	Plur
The injured Predator sends a distress signal before being killed by the Predalien .	Sing
Predator " can 't excuse " Requiem " s disorienting editing , excessively murky lighting , and lack of new ideas . "	Sing
Tungsten ( IV ) telluride ( WTe ) is an inorganic semimetallic chemical compound .	Sing
Black bream may refer to one of several fish species :	Sing
Conchita Martínez Granados ( born 20 January 1976 in Barcelona ) is a former professional female tennis player from Spain .	Sing
GG Allin used Antiseen as his backing band on his " Murder Junkies " album .	Sing
Hodder and Stoughton published the first British edition in 1943 .	Sing
Dušan exploited the Byzantine civil war and made major gains beginning in 1342 .	Sing
Simeon Uroš consolidated his position with the local aristocracy by marrying Thomais Orsini , the daughter of the former ruler of Epirus , John II Orsini .	Sing
There Simeon proclaimed himself " Emperor of Serbs and Greeks " in rivalry with his nephew Stefan Uroš V .	Sing
While Simeon Uroš was in Epirus , Radoslav Hlapen of Vodena ( Edessa ) attempted to seize Thessaly on behalf of his stepson Thomas Preljubović .	Sing
Ula is a small seaside village in the Tjølling district in Larvik municipality , Vestfold County , Norway .	Sing
The southern river otter ( " Lontra provocax " ) is a species of otter that lives in Chile and Argentina .	Sing
Litter sizes average one to two pups , but up to four can be born at a time .	Sing
Mariana Díaz Oliva ( born 11 March 1976 ) is a retired professional female tennis player from Argentina .	Sing
Amnon gave orders that he be carried into the synagogue , where Rosh Hashanah was being observed .	Sing
Tyrese was the only boy finalist .	Sing
Anastasiya Yakimova ( ; ; born 1 November 1986 ) is a tennis player from Belarus .	Sing
Before 1624 Palermo had four patron saints , one for each of the four major parts of the city .	Sing
In addition to his literary work , Friberg had an enormously varied career .	Sing
Theologian Reinhold Neibuhr commented on the manuscript that " I know of no record of spiritual pilgrimage more authentic . "	Sing
Cloyne qualified for a second successive Cork Senior Championship final with Newtownshandrum providing the opposition on 16 October 2005 .	Sing
Hodder and Stoughton published the first British edition in 1947 .	Sing
Tungsten ( VI ) oxytetrafluoride ( WOF ) is an inorganic chemical compound .	Sing
Endoscopic foreign body retrieval refers to the removal of ingested objects from the esophagus , stomach and duodenum by endoscopic techniques .	Sing
Endoscopic retrieval involves the use of a gastroscope or an optic fiber charge-coupled device camera .	Sing
Mathilde Johansson ( born 28 April 1985 in Gothenburg , Sweden ) is a Swedish-born retired French professional tennis player who lives in and competed for France .	Sing
In 2011 , Johansson reached her first WTA Tour final in Bogotá , losing to Lourdes Domínguez Lino in three sets .	Sing
The 19th Kisei was the 19th edition of the Kisei tournament of the board game go , in 1995 .	Sing
Kobayashi Satoru became the challenger after beating Kobayashi Koichi , but lost 4 games to 2 against Cho .	Sing
Vande means a reverential action of ' bowing ' to someone or something .	Sing
STARS announced the arrival of its new donor funded AgustaWestland AW139 helicopter at the STARS Edmonton base in December 2012 .	Plur
The STARS crew consists of a critical care nurse , an advanced life support paramedic , and two pilots .	Plur
In Alberta and Saskatchewan the STARS ELC acts as an advanced 24-hour communication centre linking emergency services , physicians , hospital personnel and EMS into one call .	Sing
STARS also received full accreditation as an international critical-care provider from the Commission on Accreditation of Medical Transport Systems ( CAMTS ) .	Sing
STARS was the first international and first Canadian program to receive this honour .	Plur
In this same year , STARS also purchased a fourth BK117 helicopter .	Sing
STARS opened a third base in Alberta in 2006 in Grande Prairie .	Sing
STARS launched operations in Saskatchewan in 2012 with BK117 helicopters based at the Regina International Airport and the Saskatoon International Airport , flying 217 missions in 2012 .	Plur
STARS also coordinates with Saskatchewan Air Ambulance Service , which operates three King Air B200 aircraft based out of the Saskatoon John G. Diefenbaker International Airport .	Sing
Shortly after , STARS signed a 10-year service agreement with the Government of Manitoba on February 22 , 2012 to provide helicopter air ambulance service to Manitoba .	Sing
As of August 2013 , STARS has conducted more than 540 missions from the Winnipeg base .	Sing
STARS managed the air ambulance service in Nova Scotia from 1996 until 2001 , when their contract was not renewed .	Plur
Social politician Otto Suhr pushed for her becoming mayor , given her already renowned political activities .	Sing
Although judgers reference the scorecard when evaluating cattle , the memorization of the weights of each trait gives them a way to determine the most desirable cow .	Sing
A rounded fore udder indicates a loose attachment .	Sing
The udder should have a pleasing appearance .	Sing
The neck , given 2 points , should be free of excess skin and fat , appearing long and attached smoothly to the body .	Sing
Unified Extensible Firmware Interface ( UEFI ) provides many necessary features for mitigating evil maid attacks .	Sing
The FluoroSpot Assay is a variation of the ELISpot assay .	Sing
The FluoroSpot Assay uses florescence in order to analyze multiple analytes , meaning it can detect the secretion of more than one type of protein .	Sing
Toma Junior Popov from France leads the seedings this year .	Sing
Although recorded in 1974 , " Sky Yen " went unreleased for six years until after Shelley had earned recognition in the punk rock band Buzzcocks .	Sing
What does the MIA have to do with the port of Reni ?	Plur
Sergej Grubac ( born 29 May 2000 ) is a Montenegrin football player .	Sing
Florian Stofer ( born 25 June 1981 ) is a Swiss rower .	Sing
Keen received an Honorary degree from Uppsala University in 2009 and was honored by the Federation of Associations in Behavioral & Brain Sciences .	Sing
Keen received her B.A in Master of Arts from Berea College in 1959 .	Sing
In a series of clever studies , Keen and colleagues explored problem solving by asking infants to grip various sound-emitting objects in the dark .	Sing
Keen and her colleagues also looked at how infants adjusted their grips in preparation to use different tools .	Sing
Higher costs to pave with asphalt resulted in the end of the company since petroleum-based asphalt was a lower-cost method of paving .	Sing
In 2018 , Atta served as a judge for the BBC Young Writers Award .	Sing
The townland covers 63 acres .	Sing
Fireball is a web search engine operated by " Fireball Labs GmbH " , based in Munich , Germany .	Sing
In 2002 , Fireball ceased to be an independent company and was run directly by Lycos Europe .	Sing
Marián Chobot ( born 31 August 1999 ) is a Slovak football player .	Sing
Carrs Creek is a river in Delaware County , New York .	Sing
Apotheosis is a 1970 film directed by John Lennon and Yoko Ono .	Sing
Lennon and Ono appear at the start of the film dressed in dark cloaks and hoods .	Sing
Nic Kowland , a frequent technical collaborator on films made by Ono , helped with the technical aspects of the film .	Sing
The earth then needed to be transported and unloaded on the ditch using wagons .	Sing
Meissen secured German control over the middle Elbe and was followed by the establishment of the " Marca Geronis " to maintain the German hold .	Sing
Hilary Claire ( 1941-2007 ) was an English-South African anti-apartheid activist , educationist and writer .	Sing
North Gros Cap is the rock point that forms the bay 's southern limit .	Sing
In March 2017 , Doolan celebrated his 100th birthday .	Sing
Creon Raftopoulos ( born 17 October 1974 ) is a Zimbabwean professional basketball coach who currently coaches the Surrey Scorchers in the British Basketball League .	Sing
The Scorchers finished bottom during the 2015 – 16 season , but qualified for the play-offs the following year .	Plur
Ognjen Mitrović ( born 30 June 1999 ) is a Serbian football player .	Sing
Attwood was Master of Gonville Hall from 1426 to 1454 .	Sing
Iverson received the Chancellor 's Distinguished Research Award from the University of Pittsburgh in 2007 for her work on autism .	Sing
Iverson co-edited with Susan Goldin-Meadow the book " The nature and functions of gesture in children ’ s communication . "	Sing
Iverson attended Bryn Mawr College , where she received an A.B .	Sing
Subsequently , Iverson attended the University of Chicago , where she earned an M.A .	Sing
Iverson completed a postdoctoral fellowship at Indiana University ( 1997-1999 ) , where she worked with Esther Thelen .	Sing
Iverson and Susan Goldin-Meadow tested two possibilities that were not mutually exclusive .	Sing
The urinals have the shape of red lips and are inspired by the logo of The Rolling Stones .	Plur
Founder Ulli Schröder replied to the controversy with : " That 's not a man 's mouth or a woman 's mouth , that 's art .	Sing
Subsequently , Jacobsen painted it on ten garage boxes in Lüchow , during six weeks , twelve hours a day .	Sing
Snake Creek is a river in Delaware County , New York .	Sing
Kayode Damali , aged 26 , is a Professional Speaker from Cheshire .	Sing
Jackie Fast , aged 34 , is a Sponsorship Consultant from London .	Sing
Sian Gabbidon , aged 25 , is a Swimwear Brand Owner from Leeds .	Sing
Khadija Kalifa , aged 28 , is an Eco Cleaning Company Owner from Lincolnshire .	Sing
The rank-and-file felt that the Congolese political class — particularly ministers in the new government — were enriching themselves while failing to improve the troops ' situation .	Sing
In the evening Janssens heard on a radio broadcast of the government 's intent to set up a committee to reorganise the army .	Sing
Lumumba saw Mpolo as courageous , but favored Mobutu 's prudence .	Sing
Lumumba wanted to keep both men in his government and wished to avoid upsetting one of their camps of supporters .	Sing
Delegations were to be dispatched across the country to implement the latter reform .	Plur
Lumumba , acting in his capacity as Minister of Defence , announced the actions the government was taking to address the army 's grievances .	Sing
Kasa-Vubu and Lumumba went directly to Matadi where tensions were quickly worsening .	Sing
In the afternoon Lumumba and Kasa-Vubu returned to the capital having successfully quelled the unrest in the Lower Congo and convinced that negotiation could resolve the situation .	Sing
Bunche shortly thereafter informed Hammarskjöld of the Congolese government 's intended request .	Sing
By evening Lumumba had learned of the Belgian intervention in Élisabethville .	Sing
On 11 July Lumumba and Kasa-Vubu flew to the town .	Sing
After overseeing the election of new officers for the garrison , Lumumba joined Kasa-Vubu in admonishing the Europeans to stay .	Sing
After lengthy negotiation Lumumba agreed to the condition and communicated to the Belgian consul-general that the force could remain in the province of Kasaï for two months .	Sing
The Force Publique mutiny increased the unpopularity of the army and cost the government a significant amount of support in rural areas .	Sing
Throop exhibited her work at the Palace of Fine Arts at the 1893 World 's Columbian Exposition in Chicago , Illinois .	Sing
Niyaz Ilyasov ( born 10 August 1995 ) is a Russian judoka .	Sing
Baran is the host and lead reporter of the podcast " In the Dark " , produced by American Public Media .	Sing
Before APM , Baran spent six-and-half years at Minnesota Public Radio ( MPR ) .	Sing
Baran 's has received the Alfred I. duPont – Columbia University Award for excellence in journalism in the public service .	Sing
Park Avenue Viaduct refers to :	Sing
Ousmane Sidibé may refer to :	Sing
Kavanagh died in Rustington , West Sussex , in 2016 at the age of 88 .	Sing
Trần Huệ Hoa ( born 8 August 1991 ) is a Vietnamese triple jumper .	Sing
Mariusz Daniszewski ( born 16 January 1979 ) is a Polish rower .	Sing
De Balla was in Hungary during both Nazi and Soviet occupations .	Sing
After two years under Soviet rule , de Balla escaped Hungary in 1946 in the private airplane of an American general .	Sing
De Balla frequently spoke out against Soviet control of Hungary and the show trials they often conducted .	Sing
De Balla became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 1948 , although he divided his time between Maryland and Hungary .	Sing
Hypselodoris lacuna is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae .	Sing
Malhotra portrayed the latter role .	Sing
After graduating , Malhotra participated in the dance reality show Dance India Dance and made it to the top 100 .	Sing
Before the film , Malhotra said that she did not know much about wrestling and had not seen any match .	Sing
Both Malhotra and Sheikh went through five rounds of auditions , physical training and workshops with Tiwari and Aamir Khan .	Sing
Upon release , " Dangal " received critical acclaim and a strong commercial success , becoming the highest-grossing Indian film ever .	Sing
Anupama Chopra said in her review that Malhotra provides " strong support " to the story .	Sing
Born in Manipur , Yasir began his career representing his home state in the National School Games in 2014 .	Plur
In 2015 , Yasir joined the Pune academy and then the Pune City academy in 2016 .	Plur
Yasir made his professional debut for the club on 16 April 2018 in their Super Cup semi-final match against East Bengal .	Plur
On 7 December 2018 , Yasir returned to Pune City and appeared for the club on the bench in a match against Kerala Blasters .	Plur
Marianna Beauchamp Jodoin resigned her seat in June 1966 , decreasing the number of women in the Senate to five .	Sing
Pea Brook is a river in Delaware County and Sullivan County in New York .	Sing
Possession of the ♣ Q is not always dangerous .	Sing
Subsequently , Shuvalov would treat his victims almost the same way .	Sing
According to experts , Shuvalov was a typical heterosexual maniac-fetishist .	Sing
Over the next four years , Shuvalov committed four more murders .	Sing
Zacharias Adoni ( ; born 13 June 1999 ) is a Cypriot football player .	Sing
Hypselodoris confetti is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae .	Sing
" Hypselodoris confetti " has previously been confused with " Hypselodoris kanga " .	Plur
" Hypselodoris roo " is almost identical , but with plain white , or white spots on the outer gill faces which are entirely edged with orange-red .	Sing
As there were hardly any more alpine- or arctic-experienced personnel to come by , inexperienced meteorologists were to prepare for arctic conditions in the alpine facility .	Plur
Schatz would not join Schatzgräber station , as he was to command the " Bassgeiger " mission in northeast Greenland at that time .	Sing
The " Condor " damaged , immediate evacuation was not an option and delusions of those fallen sick added to the difficulty of the situation .	Sing
On July 11 , the " Condor " landed with haphazardly-repaired landing gear in Trondheim , carrying all members of the " Schatzgräber " weather troupe .	Sing
Rhoden became the oldest bodybuilder to win the Mr. Olympia title , at the age of 43 years , 5 months .	Sing
Chetwode is a surname , and may refer to :	Sing
Dreamland is an upcoming American drama thriller film , directed by Miles Joris-Peyrafitte from a screenplay by Nicolaas Zwart .	Sing
The Prodigy is an upcoming American horror thriller film directed by Nicholas McCarthy , starring actress Taylor Schilling and Jackson Robert Scott .	Sing
The Hudsonian Orogeny from 1.9 to 1.6 billion years ago was the last major regional metamorphic event .	Sing
Carbonate deposition common in the Paleozoic ended during the Jurassic as the North American continent moved westward with the opening of the Atlantic Ocean .	Sing
A significant unconformity separates the Blairmore Group from overlying rocks .	Sing
The Presidential Chancellery ( ) of Austria is an institution that assists the President with fulfilling his tasks as head of state .	Sing
Hupp held several jobs in the life insurance industry ; on two occasions , she was fired for forging signatures .	Sing
In 2001 , Hupp and her husband began living in O 'Fallon , Missouri , where she worked as an administrator for State Farm .	Sing
By 2010 , Hupp had stopped working and was claiming disability benefits for back , leg , and neck pain .	Sing
Hupp claimed that she had dropped Betsy Faria off at approximately 19 : 00 .	Sing
On November 7 , 2015 , Faria 's conviction was overturned .	Sing
Hupp declined to answer the questions .	Sing
The balcony railing was broken .	Sing
Hupp was the last person known to have seen her mother alive .	Sing
Hupp and her siblings each received approximately $ 120,000 of investments held by Neumann , as well as sharing a $ 10,000 life insurance payout .	Sing
Hupp appeared in court on January 31 , 2017 , pleading not guilty to the charges .	Sing
Throughout her career her specialism was in early printed books , becoming the designated rare book librarian at Trinity in 1964 .	Sing
The launcher was carrying 2 geostationary telecommunications satellites , with a total payload mass of approximately .	Sing
There are Kingfishers and dippers along the river , with lesser spotted woodpecker and tree pipit found in the woods .	Plur
Prior to his election to the legislature , LeBlanc served as mayor of Shediac .	Sing
" Bless the Harts " follows a group of people living in the South who are poor in money , but rich in family and friends .	Plur
Military Sexual Assault ( MSA ) adversely affects thousands of service members during active military duty .	Sing
MSA , a subset of MST , does not include sexual harassment .	Sing
PTSD is a mental health diagnosis that can occur after a traumatic event including combat .	Sing
MSA occurs within an institution which may perpetuate trauma symptoms .	Sing
Institutional Betrayal can occur to anyone who trusts or depends on an organization .	Sing
MSA , in combinations with other military stressors , can cause mental health problems .	Sing
For female veterans in Operation Enduring Freedom ( OEF ) and Operation Iraqi Freedom , MSA is a significant predictor of Major Depressive Disorder ( MDD ) .	Sing
According to this myth , Garuda agreed to be ridden by Vishnu in return for the right to use the elixir to liberate his enslaved mother .	Sing
Michel André may refer to :	Sing
Braehead is a commercial development in Renfrew , Scotland .	Sing
Braehead may also refer to :	Sing
Cara Black and Rennae Stubbs won the title by defeating Virginia Ruano Pascual and Paola Suárez 6 – 4 , 6 – 4 in the final .	Sing
Winchester changed hands 75 times in the four wartime years , including as a result of three major battles which occurred nearby .	Sing
Pforzheim is one of the 299 single member constituencies used for the German parliament , the Bundestag .	Sing
Calw is one of the 299 single member constituencies used for the German parliament , the Bundestag .	Sing
Freiburg is one of the 299 single member constituencies used for the German parliament , the Bundestag .	Sing
Emmendingen - Lahr is one of the 299 single member constituencies used for the German parliament , the Bundestag .	Sing
Offenburg is one of the 299 single member constituencies used for the German parliament , the Bundestag .	Sing
Ángela Aguilar Álvarez ( born October 8 , 2003 ) , known as Ángela Aguilar is an American-born Mexican singer of mariachi and ranchera music .	Sing
Since a young age , Aguilar has frequently accompanied her father on tour throughout Latin America with her brother , Leonardo Aguilar .	Sing
In July 2018 , Aguilar partnered with Voto Latino to encourage more Latino Americans to vote in American elections .	Sing
In 2016 , Aguilar participated in the BBC 100 Woman festival in Mexico City .	Sing
As of 2018 , Aguilar is accompanying her father and brother on the " Jaripeo Sin Fronteras " tour .	Sing
On March 2 , 2018 , Aguilar released her first solo album , " Primero Soy Mexicana " , produced by her father , Pepe .	Sing
Aguilar performed the album 's first single , " Tu Sangre en Mi Cuerpo " at the 2018 Premios Tu Mundo .	Sing
Aguilar received wide-spread praise from various artists including Mexican ranchera singer Vicente Fernández for her performance .	Sing
Aguilar has received one nomination which is currently pending .	Sing
Aguilar has received two nominations .	Sing
Aguilar ’ s father is Mexican singer Pepe Aguilar , her paternal grandparents are Mexican singer-actors Antonio Aguilar and Flor Silvestre , her brother is Leonardo Aguilar .	Sing
Deportes La Serena was the tournament 's winner .	Sing
Goldschmidt was of German descent , born in San Antonio , Texas , on February 24 , 1913 , to Hermann and Gretchen Goldschmidt .	Sing
Between 1969 and 1970 , Goldschmidt was president of the American Ethnological Society .	Sing
In his later career , Goldschmidt took an interest to the Sebei people in Uganda .	Sing
Goldschmidt married Beatrice Gale in 1937 , whom he had two sons , Mark and Karl .	Sing
Gale died in 1991 , and Karl died in 2001 .	Sing
Schrager graduated from the Culinary Institute of America in the 1980s .	Sing
Schrager started an externship at Glorious Food , a catering company .	Sing
Later , Schrager became IHG 's vice president of food and beverage .	Sing
Schrager is gay and his husband is Ricardo Restrepo , a Pediatric Radiology .	Sing
Chou was the largest shareholder and became chairman of the company .	Sing
In 2003 , Chou and Stroll bought a majority share in Michael Kors for US $ 100 million .	Sing
Chou has also invested in Karl Lagerfeld and Pepe Jeans .	Sing
Kola is a census town in Chinsurah Mogra CD Block in Chinsurah subdivision of Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal .	Sing
In 2018 , Rei Kinjo and coworkers reported the hydroboration of pyridines by the NHP salt , 1,3,2-diazaphosphenium triflate .	Sing
Anzacs bathing is a 1916 painting by Australian artist George Washington Lambert .	Sing
Ze argues that segregation based on sex or any other social characteristic is likely to increase prejudice based on that characteristic .	Sing
Sedimentary deposition and some volcanic activity took place during the Mesozoic , particularly in the lowlands of the St. Lawrence Platform .	Sing
Americo Anthony " Ben " Bendini ( December 16 , 1921 – December 28 , 2008 ) was an American football player and coach .	Sing
Yonezawa now works as a tennis coach and helped train Kei Nishikori when he was a junior .	Sing
" Adam Goodes The Final Quarter " ( 2019 ) re-examines the final three years of Sydney Swans footballer Adam Goodes ’ playing career .	Sing
Good Pitch is a BRITDOC project in partnership with Ford Foundation and the Sundance Institute Documentary Film Program .	Sing
State Correctional Institution – Phoenix is a state prison in Skippack Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , with a Collegeville postal address .	Sing
Turbaza " Yunost " ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Souzginskoye Rural Settlement of Mayminsky District , the Altai Republic , Russia .	Sing
Orgy went out on the Bad Blood Tour in early 2012 and again in 2013 for the Wide Awake and Dead Tour .	Sing
Tadeusz Kacik ( 6 October 1946 – 17 May 1988 ) was a Polish ice hockey player .	Sing
The Small Bachelor is a 1927 American comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and written by John B. Clymer , Rex Taylor and Walter Anthony .	Sing
With Cracovia Wołkowski won the Polish league championship three times , in 1937 , 1946 , and 1947 .	Sing
Ganguly has been a faculty member at Northeastern University ( NU ) , Boston , USA since 2013 .	Sing
As of 2017 , MAX was tracking 2.4 million artists within 900 genres , categorizing fans of each into around 200 different demographic categories .	Sing
MAX also creates marketing campaigns and live experiences for audience members .	Sing
In 2017 MAX received $ 6 million in financing from MATH Venture Partners and KDWC Ventures , for a total of $ 9 million .	Sing
Mont-Royal – Outremont is a provincial electoral district in Quebec .	Sing
The meme also placed 16th on Japan 's Twitter Trend Awards , earning a special " Steering Committee Special Award " due to its rapid growth .	Sing
Access Healthcare Services Pvt Ltd is a US-based revenue cycle management company and Healthcare BPO service provider .	Sing
The contribute are by way of monetary support as well as through the contribution of skill and energies of the company 's employees .	Sing
Near Phocis there flowed into the sea a torrent called Heracleius , and there was also a fountain named Saunium .	Plur
The Fadil is a city car , based on the Opel Karl .	Sing
Karbala ( ) is an important neighbourhood and educational institutions area in Kollam ( Quilon ) city , India .	Sing
Merkle completed his degree in economics in 1948 at the University of Fribourg and obtained his Ph.D. in 1950 under the supervision of Josef Schwarzfischer .	Sing
Merkle was married and father of a son who died in a car accident when he was young .	Sing
Bijay Subba ( born 8 October 1994 ) is an Indian cricketer .	Sing
Anshuman Gautam ( born 17 June 1994 ) is an Indian cricketer .	Sing
In the 18th-century Ottoman period , calligraphy was a male-dominated profession .	Sing
Eliot Goldthorp ( born 2000 / 2001 ) is an English footballer who plays for Bradford City , as a midfielder .	Sing
Thibaud had an extensive repertoire and was associated in particular with Pierre Boulez 's Domaine musical and the struggles to impose the music of his contemporaries .	Sing
Thibaud died in Paris on 29 October 2004 .	Sing
Bahawalpur were the hosts for the tournament , thus earning DFA Bahawalpur a spot in the tournament , courtesy of being the hosts .	Plur
The template was next to a large ziggurat .	Sing
Demir Hikmet climbed the tower three times a week in a silk caftan and cried out the call to prayer from the tower balcony .	Sing
The balcony has a door with a semicircular closure , similar to the entrance .	Sing
Chou is president of Iconix China Group and Novel Fashion Holdings , companies founded by her father .	Sing
Scammell served in the Royal Navy as a lieutenant from 1943 to 1946 .	Sing
Scammell died in Cambridge in 2006 .	Sing
This inhibition provides negative feedback control on the HPG axis .	Sing
Perowne won the English Boys ' under – 18 stroke play title ( the Carris Trophy ) in 1946 .	Sing
Halil Şerif Pasha was a notable collector of arts .	Sing
Dory Elizabeth Reeves ( born 1957 ) is a New Zealand planning academic .	Sing
The bathrooms located within the former convent at first and second floor levels also appear to date from their 1946 construction .	Plur
Moran 's episcopacy notably heralded a significant expansion of catholic educational services .	Sing
Modification of wood or other cellulose sources can mitigate scattering and absorption of light leading to optically interesting materials such as transparent wood and paper .	Sing
In 1944 – 45 , the German blockade of the Netherlands led to a lack of food supplies , causing the Dutch famine of 1944 – 45 .	Sing
The Barker Hypothesis , or Thrifty phenotype , forms the basis for much of the research conducted on fetal programming .	Sing
Douban gave the drama 7.3 out of 10 .	Sing
Lotta Johnsson Fornarve is a Swedish politician for the Left Party .	Sing
In 2017 American food website Eater described the dish as " quintessentially British " .	Sing
Berridge first entered the real estate market in 1919 , when he purchased and moved into the Tinlinn Apartments , an upscale apartment building on Garland Street .	Sing
Berridge operated the hotel until 1938 , when Citizens Bank foreclosed on both it and the Tinlinn .	Sing
Unlike a previous search engine designed by Google for use in China , Dragonfly would not notify users that results or search terms have been censored .	Sing
On September 21 , 2018 , " The Intercept " reported on an internal memo authored by a Google engineer which contained details about the project .	Sing
Project Dragonfly has been subject to harsh criticism , particularly from Google employees and users .	Sing
Love Apartment ( ) is a 2018 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Wei Zheng and written by Wang Yuan .	Sing
Douban gave the drama 2.4 out of 10 .	Sing
Beside being called Al-Sinkili , his other attribution ( Arabic : " nisba " ) was Al-Fansuri , which relates him to the town of Barus .	Sing
Edmundo Madarang Abaya ( 19 January 1929 – 20 September 2018 ) was a Filipino Roman Catholic archbishop .	Sing
Aditi De is an Indian scientist , an associate professor in quantum information and computation group at the Harish-Chandra Research Institute , Allahabad .	Sing
Niuma is a 2010 drama film directed by Niuma Mohamed .	Sing
Nizar 's only daughter Niuma ( Niuma Mohamed ) is a reticent girl who doesnt talk often .	Sing
Nizar sees them together and punished her by forcibly cutting her hair .	Sing
Niuma removed her scarf infront of Shiyaz and reveals her torture .	Sing
The same night , Niuma left to India with her father to get an abortion .	Sing
Niuma revealed the truth to Shiyaz and he leaves her to her misery .	Sing
That night , Niuma shaves her head , wears ornaments and seduce his father , only to brutally murders him with a stick .	Sing
Sheikh Boutros el-Khoury ( , 1907 – 18 November 1984 ) was a Lebanese businessman , banker and industrialist .	Sing
Khoury was an important figure of the Lebanese ruling elite in the second half of the 20th century .	Sing
Khoury studied at the Mar Yaacoub school in his home village and graduated from the al-Alam school in the village of Daraya , Zghorta .	Sing
Over the course of the 1920s , Khoury gained a thorough understanding of financial investment .	Sing
In addition to his involvement in the wheat trade , Khoury also revolutionized sugar production in Lebanon .	Sing
Through these two companies , Khoury helped to solve the electricity crisis that plagued Lebanon between 1952 and 1954 .	Sing
Khoury was also involved in the cement industry .	Sing
Khoury also invested in numerous other areas , founding or co-founding over 50 companies both in Lebanon and abroad .	Sing
Khoury married Najibe Abboud , a relative of his mentor Abbas , on September 19 , 1926 .	Sing
Khoury died in 1984 in Beirut at the age of 77 .	Sing
Douban gave the drama 7.3 out of 10 .	Sing
EMB has a role in the diagnosis of viral myocarditis and inflammatory myocarditis .	Sing
EMB of the right ventricle via the internal jugular vein is standard after heart transplant .	Sing
Endomyocardial fibrosis can occur if biopsies are performed repeatedly .	Sing
EMB , sampling myocardium , has evolved since it was first pioneered in Japan by S. Sakakibra and S. Konno in 1962 .	Sing
An unsuccessful implantation can be down to either problems with the mother or with the embryo .	Sing
During implantation , the embryo must cross the epithelial layer of the maternal endometrium before invading and implanting in the stroma layer .	Sing
Embryo transfer into the lower uterine segment does not allow for implantation , so the Hoxa10 gene has multiple effects throughout the uterus .	Sing
Intrauterine adhesions ( Asherman 's Syndrome ) occur from scar tissue within the uterus which cause the closure of part or all of the uterus .	Plur
The adhesions prevent embryos from implanting by reducing the surface area and decreasing the receptivity .	Plur
The successful implantation of an embryo not only relies on a receptive uterine environment in the mother but also on the quality of the embryo itself .	Sing
Abnormalities in DNA fragmentation and chromosomal arrangements are the main source of genetic deviation in males that can affect embryo quality .	Plur
Anil Kaushik is an Indian National Congress Politician from Navi Mumbai , Maharashtra .	Sing
Debreceni VSC is a Hungarian handball club , based in Debrecen , Hungary .	Sing
Rembau Member of Parliament ( MP ) Khairy Jamaluddin promised a shadow cabinet if he was elected UMNO president .	Sing
Khairy continued to call for the establishment of a shadow cabinet from Zahid despite being defeated in the UMNO presidential election .	Sing
The Landsberger Straße is one of the main arterial roads in Munich .	Sing
Dariusz Nowak ( born 23 April 1978 ) is a Polish rower .	Sing
Preliminary mapping took place in the 1940s and 1950s , with a hiatus until the 1980s .	Sing
On Tutuila , tuff and lava flows dominate most of the surface .	Sing
However , Tadeusz M.Trajdos argues there is no certainty as to where Jan Krynicki actually came from .	Sing
Z. Wąsowicz believes Danko from Miastko was a Polish Catholic instead .	Sing
The Medad Stone Tavern is a historic house museum at 197 Three Mile Course in Guilford , Connecticut .	Sing
Arian Kabashi ( born 14 March 1997 ) is a Swedish football player of Albanian descent .	Sing
Florida 's disenfranchised felons constituted 10 % of the adult population , and 21.5 % of the adult African American population .	Plur
Seven former felons filed a lawsuit against the state of Florida in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida in March 2017 .	Plur
Unlike Saint John , on Saint Thomas , radiolarian chert exists but is much rarer .	Sing
In the Late Cretaceous , the overlying Tutu Formation took shape with volcanic turbidite and rare pyroxene basalt .	Sing
Broad folds formed due to north-south compression , likely due to the collision of the Greater Antilles arc with the Bahama Platform of the North American Plate .	Sing
The Oligocene to Miocene Jealousy formation , the Miocene and Pliocene Kingshill Limestone and Pliocene Post-Kingshill Limestone are all a single hydrological unit .	Sing
North Guilford was an agricultural outpost of the town of Guilford from its early settlement .	Sing
Stringtown is an unincorporated community in Boone County , Kentucky , United States .	Sing
On 10 August 1848 General Bayly Wallis died aboard his yacht at Rottingdean ; his heir was his grandson Robert Belford Wallis-Wilson .	Sing
Prudence eventually learns of the relationship between her father and her mother 's friend , but does not tell anyone .	Sing
Locus suicide recombination ( LSR ) constitutes a variant form of class switch recombination that eliminates all immunoglobulin heavy chain constant genes .	Sing
LSR is thus one of the pathways that can result into activation-induced cell death in the B-cell lineage .	Sing
McGinty received her medical degree from the National University of Ireland .	Sing
From 2002 to 2013 , McGinty was a managing partner of a 70 physician multi-specialty medical group in Long Island , which subsequently declared bankruptcy .	Sing
Eichendorff created an open form with epic and lyrical elements , incorporating several poems and songs in the text .	Sing
The novella has been the basis for three films .	Sing
Zwei Novellen nebst einem Anhange von Liedern und Romanzen .	Sing
Rushton studied at Cambridge and received a doctorate from Oxford , supervised by J .	Sing
Brassey was a volunteer officer who had recently returned from South Africa following the end of the Second Boer War .	Sing
Brassey worked to give attention to dockyard grievances .	Plur
Lockie won the seat for the Conservatives by a wafer-thin majority of 28 votes ( 0.4 % ) .	Sing
< / mapframe > Sandfontein is a private property comprising 21,342 hectares in the ǁKaras Region of Namibia .	Sing
Moussa Sory ( born 20 May 1988 ) is a Burkinabé international footballer who plays for AJEB Bobo-Dioulasso , as a defender .	Sing
The afterword for the book is a question and answer session between Mailhot and Inupiaq American poet Joan Naviyuk Kane .	Sing
Tadeusz Władysław Kilanowicz ( 8 June 1940 – 4 July 1979 ) was a Polish ice hockey player .	Sing
Riaz Ahmed ( born 11 September 1941 ) is a Pakistani field hockey player .	Sing
In 1796 , the Uyezd became a part of the Belarusian Governorate .	Sing
From 1919 , Klimovichskiy Uyezd became part of the newly formed Gomel Governorate of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic .	Sing
Starting in 1923 , Soviet uyezds began transforming into different administrative districts called Raions .	Plur
From 1856-57 Buss held the license of ' The King 's Arms ' Hotel .	Sing
In 1867 Buss left a life interest in the property to his wife , Bridget Buss .	Sing
The dairy has a shingled roof and green-painted shutters .	Sing
Woodford Academy was a case of adapting much older buildings to school use , while supplementing the old with a custom-made wing .	Sing
Here the curtilage should extend to the railway property on the other side of the road with the view of controlling development directly opposite the site .	Sing
Serhiy Vitaliyovych Nadal ( ; born 1 January 1975 ) is a Ukrainian politician .	Sing
A member of the party All-Ukrainian Union " Svoboda " , Nadal has been mayor since 2010 .	Sing
Insect cognition describes the mental capacities and study of those capacities in insects .	Sing
He was a valet or varlet in the bed chamber of James VI of Scotland and his sister Euphemia was a lady-in-waiting to Anne of Denmark .	Sing
The UGA currently publishes a quarterly journal , " Crossroads " which was preceded by the " Genealogical Journal " .	Sing
Daniil Andreyevich Khlusevich ( ; born 26 February 2001 ) is a Russian football player .	Sing
In the West Sea , the EEZ remains unspecified in the Korean Bay because China has not determined its own EEZ in the area .	Sing
Car 3-14 are for second class seats with 3 + 2 seating .	Sing
The townland covers 90 acres .	Sing
Often referred to as a " flying car " the aircraft was developed by its inventor as a means to cope with heavy road traffic in Manila .	Sing
Specialists said King would need to move beyond her family history when she took the position the following year .	Plur
Following the completing of their meeting , Bernice and her brother Martin said outside the Fulton County Courthouse that the results of the settlement seemed positive .	Sing
McBurney granted Bernice King 's lawyers request and disqualified Hill .	Sing
Takeru Hojo becomes the pilot of " Puraiza " or " Magnetman Plus " .	Sing
Takara released the rare Robotman Gakeen in 1976 .	Sing
As a result , Rapaport purchased 200 disco records and brought them into the station .	Sing
WKTU abruptly flipped to a disco-based rhythmic top 40 format with the tagline " Disco 92 " at 6 p.m. on July 24 , 1978 .	Sing
During the height of the disco craze , WKTU was " the " station to follow in New York .	Sing
The listener also acted as guest DJ over the phone during the time .	Sing
K-Rock HD2 , at one point had a full-time air staff , including a local music show , but later ran completely automated .	Sing
Ulster became its registrar , responsible for administering its affairs .	Sing
CHI Health Center Omaha is an arena and convention center in the central United States , located in the North Downtown neighborhood of Omaha , Nebraska .	Sing
" The Naked Ape " was a partially animated 1973 feature film starring Crawford and Victoria Principal , produced by Hugh Hefner .	Sing
Hüseyin Çimşir ( born 26 May 1979 ) is a Turkish football coach and former footballer .	Sing
Unless stated otherwise , Cedric Messina was the producer . < br >	Sing
MBK ( ) , a subsidiary of Yamaha Motor Company , is a French Scooter manufacturer , based in Rouvroy , Picardy , France .	Sing
The veracity of these claims is difficult to establish and many have been declared hoaxes by Church officials .	Sing
Lachey was a finalist in E !	Sing
Lachey became a co-host of ABC 's " Wipeout " beginning in winter 2011 .	Plur
Due to her pregnancy , Lachey left the show in late 2012 and was replaced by Jill Wagner .	Plur
From 1906 to 1919 , the novelist Marcel Proust ( 1871 – 1922 ) lived at No .	Sing
The Impressionist and patron of other artists Gustave Caillebotte ( 1848 – 1894 ) painted the Boulevard in many different lights as the days and seasons changed .	Sing
Gillian toured the world with the show .	Sing
One cyclist represented Romania in 1972 .	Sing
While it was a flop , Roshan emerged as a player on the Hindi film music scene with " Baawre Nain " , released the following year .	Sing
In the early 1950s , Roshan worked with singers Mohammad Rafi , Mukesh and Talat Mahmood .	Sing
" Malhar " , " Shisham " , and " Anhonee " were some of the movies that he scored during the ' 50s .	Sing
Roshan gave Bakshi the film " CID Girl " ( 1959 ) , after Anand Bakshi wrote the four songs of " Bhala Aadmi " in 1956 .	Sing
Roshan had been suffering from chronic heart trouble for over 20 years .	Sing
However , the tie-breaker went against the East Germans and they placed second in the division .	Sing
Hudlin was the pitcher who gave up Babe Ruth 's 500th home run .	Sing
Joffrey is mostly a background character in the novels .	Sing
Joffrey is an amoral sadist who disguises his cruelty with a thin veneer of charm .	Sing
Joffrey is one of the story 's few characters to display no redeeming qualities whatsoever .	Sing
Joffrey is 12 years old at the beginning of " A Game of Thrones " ( 1996 ) .	Sing
At first , Joffrey is kind and polite to Sansa .	Sing
Joffrey accuses Mycah of assaulting a noble girl and makes a cut on his face with a sword .	Sing
On Sansa 's pleas , Eddard issues a false confession of his treason .	Sing
Joffrey promised Sansa that he would be merciful but then beheads Eddard anyway and later forces Sansa to look upon her father 's head .	Sing
Sansa becomes imprisoned to his will , and he frequently has his guards beat her when she displeases him .	Sing
When Stannis Baratheon attacks King 's Landing , Joffrey leaves the battlefield , damaging the morale of his army .	Sing
Joffrey sets aside his earlier betrothal to Sansa Stark in favor of Margaery Tyrell , cementing an alliance between the Lannisters and House Tyrell .	Sing
Tyrion only avoids punishment when his father Tywin assures Joffrey that his uncle was drunk and had no intention of threatening the king .	Sing
After another disagreement , Tywin sends Joffrey to his room , much to Joffrey 's chagrin .	Sing
At the conclusion of the dinner , however , Joffrey dies from poisoned wine .	Sing
In January 2007 HBO secured the rights to adapt Martin 's series for television .	Sing
Joffrey Baratheon is the Crown Prince of the Seven Kingdoms .	Sing
Joffrey is also unaware that King Robert is not his real father – in reality , he is the son of Jaime Lannister .	Sing
When the battle eventually turns in Stannis 's favor , Cersei calls her son into the safety of the castle , damaging the morale of his army .	Sing
Tyrion only avoids punishment when his father Tywin assures Joffrey that his uncle was drunk and had no intention of threatening the king .	Sing
After another disagreement , Tywin sends Joffrey to his room , much to Joffrey 's chagrin .	Sing
" Pre-School " is the tenth episode in the eighth season of the American animated television series " South Park " .	Sing
Cartman takes out his mother 's taser and fires it at Trent .	Sing
However , some comeuppance " does " await Cartman .	Sing
Screamin ' Jay Hawkins was arguably the first shock rocker .	Sing
Renly Baratheon is the younger brother of King Robert and of King Stannis .	Sing
Renly Baratheon is the youngest of the Baratheon brothers and Lord of Storm 's End .	Sing
Renly Baratheon , Lord of Storm 's End , is the youngest brother of King Robert and Master of Laws in the Small Council .	Sing
While Robert lies dying , Renly attempts to convince Ned of this , and that the two of them should kidnap Joffrey and rule the realm themselves .	Sing
Stannis Baratheon is the younger brother of King Robert and older brother of Renly .	Sing
Stannis and Selyse have a daughter together , Shireen , who nearly dies in infancy after contracting greyscale and is left disfigured .	Sing
Stannis , who is named Robert 's Master of Ships , destroys the Iron Fleet at Fair Isle during the Greyjoy Rebellion and helps subdue Great Wyk .	Sing
The two discover several of Robert 's bastard children in King 's Landing , and begin to gather proof , before Jon 's sudden , untimely death .	Sing
Stannis suspects Cersei 's involvement in Jon 's death .	Sing
Eddard continues Stannis 's and Jon 's investigations and discovers that Cersei 's children are the products of her incestuous affair with her brother Jaime Lannister .	Sing
Stannis assaults King 's Landing by sea , but many of his men are killed when Tyrion Lannister detonates wildfire in the River Blackwater .	Sing
Stannis retreats to Dragonstone with what is left of his army .	Sing
Another of Selyses 's uncles , Ser Axell Florent , castellan of Dragonstone , aims to become Stannis 's Hand of the King .	Sing
Melisandre tells Stannis to burn Edric Storm , one of Robert 's bastard , as a sacrifice to raise dragons from Dragonstone .	Sing
To rally the North , Stannis intends to attack House 's Bolton 's castle The Dreadfort with the help of Arnolf Karstark , castellan of Karhold .	Sing
Stannis then interrogates Theon for information regarding the Boltons ' military strength .	Sing
Stannis falls under the influence of Melisandre , a priestess of R 'hllor who believes Stannis is the reincarnation of a legendary hero from her religion .	Sing
After Robert 's death , Stannis claims himself the true heir to the Iron Throne as Cersei 's children are bastards born of incest .	Sing
Upon the news of Robb 's death , Davos releases Gendry to prevent him from being sacrificed .	Sing
Stannis learns that Jon is Ned Stark 's son , and on Jon 's advice , he places Mance and his men under arrest .	Sing
Stannis begins plans to retake the North from Roose Bolton , hoping to recruit Mance 's wildling army , if Mance will bend the knee to him .	Sing
Mance refuses , and Stannis has him burnt at the stake .	Sing
Stannis marches on Winterfell , but his army is delayed by a large snowstorm .	Sing
Melisandre persuades a reluctant Stannis to sacrifice Shireen to ensure victory .	Sing
Stannis decides to complete the march on foot .	Sing
Stannis survives the battle , but is confronted by Brienne of Tarth , a former member of Renly 's Kingsguard .	Sing
The magi travelling from the east have arrived at the court of King Herod in Jerusalem and in this verse inform him of their purpose .	Plur
Boring suggests that the verse could be read as the magi seeing the star rising when they were in the east .	Sing
These allegorical characters consult fate , in the guise of Proteus and discover that Numantia cannot be saved .	Sing
His hubris and desire for domination rather than negotiation has brought him to his knees .	Plur
Doran sends her back to her father , Lord Harmen Uller of Hellholt with her youngest daughter Loreza Sand .	Sing
However , the skirmish ends when Jaime , Bronn , the Sand Snakes and Ellaria are all arrested by the Martell guards .	Sing
Daenerys sends Yara and Theon Greyjoy and their fleet to take Ellaria and the Sand Snakes back to Dorne so they can gather their army .	Sing
In the dungeons Cersei recalls the death of Oberyn Martell and explains how much she loved Myrcella .	Sing
" Riki Tiki Tavi " takes Kipling 's Indian setting and riffs it off of a reggae beat .	Sing
Margaery is the only daughter of Alerie Hightower and Mace Tyrell , the Lord of Highgarden in the Reach .	Sing
Margaery appears in " A Clash of Kings " ( 1998 ) , having married Renly Baratheon and supporting his claim to the Iron Throne .	Sing
Margaery weds Joffrey , but he is poisoned at their wedding feast .	Sing
In " A Feast for Crows " ( 2005 ) Margaery marries Joffrey 's younger brother , Tommen , and encourages him to assert himself as king .	Sing
Margaery has relocated to King 's Landing and taken up residence in the Red Keep .	Sing
Through several shrewd PR moves towards the city 's poor and orphaned , Margaery becomes extremely popular with the common people as their future Queen .	Sing
Margaery and Tommen wed , and she finally becomes the Lady of the Seven Kingdoms .	Sing
Margaery later convinces Olenna to return to Highgarden , subtly indicating that she is still loyal to House Tyrell .	Sing
Hahn Nguyen of wickedlocal.com feels that Margaery is a background character whose cunning is only addressed subtly .	Sing
For her performance in the show , Natalie Dormer received widely positive critical reviews , making Margaery one of the most popular supporting characters in the series .	Sing
For her performance in the third season of the show , Dormer won the Ewwy Award for Best Supporting Actress - Drama .	Sing
Furthermore , Daenerys , whom he has always threatened throughout his life , starts to stand up to him .	Sing
Daenerys watches her brother 's agonizing death , proclaiming that he wasn 't a true dragon , as " fire cannot kill a dragon " .	Plur
However , this disciple died unexpectedly , necessitating that a revised gospel be written .	Sing
Bultmann suggested that the author ( s ) of John depended in part on an author who wrote an earlier account .	Sing
These SAMs lack effectiveness against sea skimming missiles with multiple approaching angles .	Plur
The PLAN was unsatisfied with the design and no further ships of the class were built .	Sing
Zion , Do Make Say Think , Shalabi Effect and Strawberry .	Sing
Steiner served as a delegate from the United States to Poland , Czechoslovakia and the former Soviet Union in 1991 .	Sing
In its wake , Steiner survived an aborted recall effort .	Sing
Steiner has served on the Juvenile Justice Commission for several years , having been appointed by the presiding judge of the Superior Court .	Sing
Steiner is the father of five children , including Orange County judge Scott Steiner , and grandfather of sixteen .	Sing
because the torque exerted by the force is zero .	Sing
Ejército Revolucionario del Pueblo ( ERP ) or Ejército Popular Revolucionario ( PER ) may refer to :	Sing
SIDE agent Anibal Gordon was another important member of the Triple A , although he always denied it .	Sing
Delle Chiaie also worked with the Chilean DINA in Chile , and for Hugo Banzer , a Bolivian dictator .	Sing
The drop swindle was a confidence trick commonly used during the 19th and 20th centuries .	Sing
Seeger , a half-brother of Pete Seeger , produced more than 30 documentary recordings , and performed in more than 40 other recordings .	Sing
Seeger was a self-taught musician who began playing stringed instruments at the age of 18 .	Sing
Letterman also paid for his funeral expenses , but was unable to attend his funeral due to a severe case of shingles .	Sing
Conacher was a member of two Stanley Cup winning teams with the Bruins and scored the championship winning goal in 1939 .	Sing
Conacher played his minor hockey with the Toronto Marlboro organization and was a member of Ontario provincial championship winning teams at the bantam and midget age groups .	Sing
In his third season , 1935 – 36 , Conacher led the OHA junior league in scoring with 12 goals in 10 games .	Sing
In 12 Memorial Cup playoff games , Roy Conacher recorded eight goals and five assists .	Sing
Conacher became embroiled in a bitter contract dispute with Detroit manager Jack Adams following the season .	Sing
Conacher , however , refused to report to the Rangers .	Sing
Conacher averaged nearly a point per game in 1947 – 48 with 48 points in 52 games .	Sing
Conacher recorded 68 points while his 26 goals were good enough for second in the league .	Sing
Conacher scored his 200th career goal during the season , at the time a rare feat for an NHL player .	Sing
During his final four seasons in the NHL , Conacher lived in Midland , Ontario .	Sing
Conacher later moved to Victoria , British Columbia where , after an eight-year battle with cancer , he died in 1984 .	Sing
Cory Conacher is also a distant relative of his .	Sing
Monet offered advice to Robinson , and he likewise solicited Robinson for opinions on Monet 's own works in progress .	Sing
The art historian Sona Johnson , of the Baltimore Museum of Art , plans to publish an annotated edition of the Robinson diaries .	Sing
In the previous verse the magi had informed King Herod that they had seen portents showing the birth of the King of the Jews .	Sing
Landover Mall was a large shopping mall located in Landover , Maryland , directly across from FedExField , off MD 202 and Interstates 95 and 495 .	Sing
The Clicking of Cuthbert is a collection of ten short stories by P. G. Wodehouse , all with a golfing theme .	Sing
Karakalpakstan uses emblem with similar design .	Sing
Uzbek poet Alisher Navoi characterized the bird Humo as the kindest of all living beings .	Sing
Furious , Slate has them both fired .	Sing
While back in the future , Elroy completes his time machine .	Sing
The Jetsons decide to use it to take a trip to the 25th century to relax .	Plur
As Fred and Barney set up the tent , the Jetsons arrive from the future .	Plur
In the end , Slate refuses to trust Fred and Barney again .	Sing
Using their newfound fame and riches , the Jetsons buy multiple local businesses and are soon overwhelmed .	Plur
When Spacely is introducing Fred to some important investors , Cogswell introduces Barney instead , leading to a rift in Fred and Barney 's friendship .	Sing
Just as they are about to leave for home , Elroy tells them the time machine is broken and cannot be repaired .	Sing
The Flintstones and the Rubbles then bid a fond farewell to the Jetsons and are sent back to the Stone Age .	Plur
By , AFS formed a 50 / 50 joint venture production company , Rabco Productions , with Hal Roach , Jr ..	Sing
In , AFS announced an expansion in production and sales staff for the year .	Sing
Lindner did agree to sell Worldvision to Spelling Productions for 50 % of Spelling , Inc . , the combined company , in 1988 .	Sing
Straczynski calls it " " Dragnet " in the Dreamscape " .	Sing
Other popular Celestion guitar loudspeakers include the Vintage 30 and the Greenback .	Plur
The prophecy has proved notoriously difficult for readers , despite it having been the subject of " intense exegetical activity " since the Second Temple period .	Sing
To prevent excessive turnover in the minor league levels , each draftee costs $ 100,000 .	Sing
Santana had not played above Class A in minor league baseball before being chosen in the Rule 5 draft .	Sing
In aid of the Farmhand Foundation 's Drought Relief Appeal , Telstra released a CD of the Rai Thistlethwayte remix that sold for $ 6 .	Sing
EMI Australia released the single and it reached number 17 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart .	Sing
His Nordic Choir has performed throughout the United States and , indeed , much of the world .	Sing
HDL is a lipoprotein that removes cholesterol from the blood and is associated with a reduced risk of atherosclerosis and heart disease .	Sing
One in 3500 Caucasians has less efficient variant of the enzyme ( butyrylcholinesterase ) that metabolizes suxamethonium chloride .	Sing
Deficiency of TPMT affects a small proportion of people , though seriously .	Sing
Dolph is the " Magician of Metamorphosis " .	Sing
There are currently three deaneries : Elizabethtown , Lebanon , and Bardstown .	Plur
The smells spread over to a nearby Buddhist monastery where monks were meditating .	Plur
DAS worked with the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , an agency of the US government tasked with combating the trade of illegal narcotics .	Plur
" Rabelais " has a notorious history in the Australian legal world .	Plur
Nickles urges him to commit suicide in order to spite God ; Zuss offers him his old life back if he will promise to obey God .	Plur
The album 's first single , " Gangsters and Thugs " was a hit and the band began touring on the 2005 Warped Tour .	Plur
Beads tend to be carefully made out of hard siliceous rock such as quartz , chalcedony , jasper , or carnelian .	Plur
Subsequent repeats and commercial releases have restored the shot from off-air video copies .	Plur
Sólo Para Mujeres ( " Only For Women " in Spanish ) is a Mexican theatre play .	Plur
Censors are present in the paper 's newsrooms .	Plur
Arnolds further split the latter subgenus into two sections : sect .	Plur
Hydrangea arborescens , commonly known as smooth hydrangea , wild hydrangea , or sevenbark , is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae .	Plur
As a result , Madhur had to take up various jobs .	Plur
However , Matthes denied any involvement in doping , claiming that his swimming club was too small to be part of the government system .	Plur
Against 48 total batters faced in April , he struck out 16 and yielded just six hits along with a 1.42 ERA .	Plur
Accessories include rebozos , sandals and palm-leaf hats .	Plur
Ripe mangos are a popular fruit throughout the world .	Plur
Before 2011 , Cornes had not missed a single game since 2003 .	Plur
The Chahamanas of Naddula invaded the Chaulukya kingdom during Karna 's reign .	Plur
Sportsgirl lures supermodel Claudia Schiffer to appear in the Sportsgirl parade at the Melbourne Fashion Festival .	Plur
Girl worshipers usually wear saffron and yellow-coloured cloths .	Plur
Kites in a variety of shapes , sizes and vibrant hues float in the sky .	Plur
Complete bazaars ( markets ) crop up for meeting their needs .	Plur
The visualizations often seen of the universe growing as a bubble into nothingness are misleading in that respect .	Plur
Major livelihoods were fishing as well as farming of Sorghum , Sesame , Groundnuts , and Cassava .	Plur
Many more IDPs arrived in Deim Zubeir / Uyujuku from Raja after clashes in June 2016 and April 2017 .	Plur
Carrots are a domesticated form of the wild carrot , " Daucus carota " , native to Europe and southwestern Asia .	Plur
Cultivated carrots appeared in China in the 14th century , and in Japan in the 18th century .	Plur
High-quality carrots have a large proportion of cortex compared to core .	Plur
Carrots benefit from strongly scented companion plants .	Plur
Carrots thrive in the presence of caraway , coriander , chamomile , marigold and Swan River daisy .	Plur
Together with onion and celery , carrots are one of the primary vegetables used in a " mirepoix " to make various broths .	Plur
Raw carrots are 88 % water , 9 % carbohydrates , 0.9 % protein , 2.8 % dietary fiber , 1 % ash and 0.2 % fat .	Plur
In an interview with the Associated Press in October 2005 , series co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone responded to questions about the prophetic statement by Cartman .	Plur
The hordes of clothed animals present in his books by the end of the 1970s led people to compare him to Richard Scarry .	Plur
In 2011 , remittances were US $ 20.117 billion .	Plur
After southern mealy amazons reach sexual maturity they usually form monogamous relationships with a single partner .	Plur
The local cleaners inadvertently give MacWhirter an uncleaned jacket belonging to someone else .	Plur
" Whitefriars " is a house Pyne bought long ago which he has so far used for eleven exciting dramas .	Plur
Busways operate two routes via Tascott station :	Plur
Also , most gadgets must be either a host or a device .	Plur
Pure mini-A receptacles also existed , used where a compact host port was needed , but OTG was not supported .	Plur
The downs themselves are an area of sparse heathland , based on serpentinite geology .	Plur
More recently discovered substitutes for TBE and TAE buffers for electrophoresis are available .	Plur
Hollows are the class of spirit that most enemies in " Bleach " are a part of .	Plur
Soul Reapers are the protectors of souls , granting them access to Soul Society and keeping them safe from hollows .	Plur
As a last resort to prevent further imbalance , the Soul Reapers exterminated most of the Quincies with only few trace remains allowed to live .	Plur
Nitrogen mustards are cytotoxic chemotherapy agents derived from mustard gas .	Plur
Nitrogen mustards are nonspecific DNA alkylating agents .	Plur
Other nitrogen mustards developed as treatments include cyclophosphamide , chlorambucil , uramustine , ifosfamide , melphalan , and bendamustine .	Plur
Bags of wheat had to be loaded onto bullock drays which carried the produce to Cowell 76 km south .	Plur
Pastoralists began colonising the area that would become the district in the early 1900s without many essential facilities such as road and water supplies .	Plur
Karts use the full track with the chicane .	Plur
crores on Mukesh Ambani 's company for the sharp drop in production of gas and violations mentioned in CAG 's 2011 report .	Plur
The Cranberries reformed after a hiatus in 2009 .	Plur
Three perfections is the gathering of poets , calligraphers and painters to create an artwork in ancient China .	Plur
USAF C-17s began to fly in French troops and supplies the next day .	Plur
Delegations from the MNLA and MIA left for Ouagadougou to negotiate with Malian officials .	Plur
Jeans from the Wrangler plant reportedly fell from the sky in Courtland , Alabama , roughly 40 miles away .	Plur
10 Draconis is a single star in the northern circumpolar constellation of Draco .	Plur
45 Draconis is a single star located in the northern circumpolar constellation of Draco , around 3,500 light years from the Earth .	Plur
" 45 Draconis " is the Flamsteed designation , while it has the Bayer designation of d Draconis .	Plur
18 Draconis is a likely binary star system in the northern circumpolar constellation of Draco .	Plur
The scared teenager flees to a restroom , locks herself in a stall and cuts herself with a razor to numb the feelings that confuse her .	Plur
There are three pronunciations of the surname " Halley " .	Plur
Seventy schoolboys and four theological students migrated from Silverwater to Stanmore and the theological college remained there until 1914 .	Plur
This spirit doctor chases away the Pop by means of a spinning dance .	Plur
Both the Sulpicians and the Haitian refugees spoke French .	Plur
The Australian openers scored 77 runs , before the South African pace attack took 5 / 26 late in the day .	Plur
The Australian openers survived fourteen overs before stumps and required 592 runs for victory at the end of the day .	Plur
Attias wanted to create " an event exclusively dedicated to economic issues " and to be solution-oriented .	Plur
Diseases have played a role in shaping the history of the world .	Plur
Unlike the 2018 event , the 2019 Scotties will return to having a round robin format .	Plur
Certain polymers that can undergo reversible phase transitions due to changes in temperature or pH have aroused interest .	Plur
Howey remained the licensee until 1920 , while Tooth and Co. held the leasehold from the Trust from 1915 until 1950 .	Plur
Pubs like the Dundee Arms were a focus for the local and visiting populations ' social life .	Plur
Pubs like the Dundee Arms were a focus for the local and visiting populations ' social life .	Plur
In 1920 , Souths again finished as runners up in the NSWRL competition with Kerwick making 12 appearances .	Plur
There are several repositories and databases that have been created for both sORFs and micropeptides .	Plur
At these timescales the perturbations two objects exert on each other are the average between all possible configurations .	Plur
These perturbations can cause the semi-major axes of the anti-aligned objects to diffuse chaotically while occasionally sticking in resonances with Planet Nine .	Plur
The inclination distribution of Jupiter-family ( or ecliptic ) comets would become broader under the influence of Planet Nine .	Plur
ERK catalyzes protein phosphorylation events that drive many of the signaling cascades that control a large variety of cellular functions and processes including proliferation and differentiation .	Plur
Kinetics of signaling of molecules need to be tightly controlled because very small kinetic changes can create significant changes downstream for cell structure and function .	Plur
Wounds induce ERK activity signal waves that propagates across the cell sheet during migration , causing force generation .	Plur
These mycorrhizae are essential to understanding how the changing climate can affect not only these fungi , but their host plants as well .	Plur
Arbuscular mycorrhizae are the best example of this as it is found nearly anywhere where plants are growing in the wild .	Plur
His decoys , which sold for $ 4 for a dozen during his lifetime , sell at auction for tens of thousands of dollars .	Plur
However , according Littlefield , not all rusts are obligate pathogens as some have been cultured without requiring a living host .	Plur
Overall , rusts are a concern to agriculture due to their negative impacts on yield and survival .	Plur
Avr genotypes are either dominant ( AVR ) or recessive ( avr ) .	Plur
R genotypes are dominant ( RR ) or recessive ( rr ) .	Plur
Mosses and lichens take over at higher elevations .	Plur
On episode 7 , the 4 MCs also announced that Hyun-min and Seulgi had left the show .	Plur
Hodes died of prostate cancer at North Shore University Hospital on April 24 , 1989 , at the age of 81 .	Plur
Hodes received the E. Mead Johnson Award in 1946 for his research on viral diarrhea .	Plur
Chester Cathedral Constables are a small team of constables who maintain order and security in and around the Chester Cathedral .	Plur
The Choten Minions come in large numbers from everywhere on Earth .	Plur
Some Gazans use private electric generators , solar panels and uninterruptible power supply units to consume power when regular power is not available .	Plur
Allowances allocated to the members of the Board shall be determined by the Minister with the aid of the Minister of Finance .	Plur
The screenwriters were Bella and Samuel Spewack and the director was Harry Beaumont .	Plur
Some heavenly maidens descend to earth and wants to make fun .	Plur
Gusts of icy wind regularly blasted through .	Plur
Of course , race cars being race cars , there were a few DNFs and DNSs .	Plur
Certifications for prison consultants exist , but none are issued by an accredited entity .	Plur
For example , some tapeworms make some fish behave in such a way that a predatory bird can catch it .	Plur
Various protists and Myxosporea are also parasitic on gills , where they form cysts .	Plur
The best known of these are the Bluestreak cleaner wrasses of the genus " Labroides " found on coral reefs in the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean .	Plur
The dinoflagellates then eat the blood and flakes of tissue while the affected fish die .	Plur
Diseases and parasites also transfer from farmed to wild salmon populations .	Plur
There are lucarnes on the spire .	Plur
The suction hoses are typically in diameter with being the norm .	Plur
The Flamingos went to Parrot and then to Checker and The Moonglows to Chess .	Plur
Those telenovelas lasted for about one week , had 15 minutes and starred the group of teenagers that hosted the show alongside Cris .	Plur
The arch-rivals of VJC boys ' team is Meridian Junior College ( MJC ) whom they had met 7 times in the finals .	Plur
Shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect ?	Plur
The Outer Hebrides have historically been a strong Scottish Gaelic ( " Gàidhlig " ) speaking area .	Plur
" Dubh " is " black " , " dearg " is " red " and " glas " means " grey " or " green " .	Plur
Upgrades included tearing out walls , updating the heating and cooling systems , replacing the roof , and upgrading the lighting .	Plur
Near the end of July , the squirrels begin a period of estivation , but this may occur as early as April in drought years .	Plur
Preferred annuals include " Coreopsis " spp . , " Eremalche " spp . , " Astragalus " spp . , and lupine .	Plur
Mohave ground squirrels emit a high-pitched " peep " as an alarm call , when startled or when young begin to emerge from their natal burrows .	Plur
Convict cichlids are popular aquarium fish and have also been the subject of numerous studies on fish behaviour .	Plur
Juvenile convict cichlids are monomorphic until they reach sexual maturity .	Plur
Convict cichlids are native to the lakes and streams of Central America .	Plur
Convict cichlids prefer moving water , and are most frequently found in habitats with cover in the form of rocks or sunken branches .	Plur
Convict cichlids can be relatively tolerant of cool water , allowing them to colonise volcanic lakes at elevations of .	Plur
Sexually mature convicts form monogamous pairs and spawn in small caves or crevices .	Plur
Convict cichlids are a biparental species , so the parents will usually cooperate by carrying out tasks specific to their individual parental roles when raising their offspring .	Plur
Convict cichlids may show extended biparental care and adopt unrelated young of the same species of similar or smaller body size compared to their own biological offspring .	Plur
Breeding convicts is as simple as having a male and a female in the same tank with adequate water quality and feeding .	Plur
Up until the 1990s , MIM had only limited success at the polls .	Plur
Burrows are not always associated with brush species and can occur on small prairie mounds .	Plur
There are many shops selling baskets and even a museum commemorating the unique tradition of the village .	Plur
Civics and Citizenship aims to teach students what it means to be citizens in a democracy .	Plur
Washington ground squirrels hibernate / estivate 7 – 8 months each year .	Plur
All Washington ground squirrels gain weight and prepare for hibernation in late spring and early summer .	Plur
The oarsmen sing traditional boat songs and wear white mundu and turbans .	Plur
Claudia Melchers ( born 6 May 1969 , Ruurlo ) is the Dutch head of a cooking company called CMC Catering .	Plur
The abductors reportedly demanded 660 pounds of cocaine .	Plur
Up to eight skunks may share an underground den in the winter .	Plur
Eastern spotted skunks seem to prefer forest edges and upland prairie grasslands , especially where rock outcrops and shrub clumps are present .	Plur
Eastern spotted skunks are quite secretive and crafty creatures , and it is a rarity for humans to see them .	Plur
Spoonhead sculpins do not have scales but instead are covered in small , fine , curved spines .	Plur
Spoonhead sculpins have four soft pelvic rays ( soft-rays are thin and flexible ) , 14-16 pectoral rays , one chin pore and three preopercular spines .	Plur
Baker 's Vaults in Stockport is another fine example .	Plur
These EPs were exclusive to Hello .	Plur
The waitresses were a major attraction for the saloons and were nicknamed the " pretty waiter girls " , though they were not always attractive or young .	Plur
LGBT entertainments of female impersonators also appeared in North Beach at a nightclub called " Finocchio 's " , which opened in 1929 .	Plur
The " Pipers " are supposed to be the figures of two men who played tunes on a Sunday and suffered the same fate .	Plur
The two halves were each built parallel to the river , then rotated through 90 ° to make the crossing .	Plur
Reliefs show scenes from the life of Christ and the Last Judgment .	Plur
The silyl substituents can be aliphatic or aromatic , and if the silicon is a center of chirality , the migration occurs with retention at this center .	Plur
The Gangas , the Kadambas , the Chalukyas , the Cholas , the Hoysalas , the Rastrakutas and the Vijaynagar Rayas also ruled the region .	Plur
Such breakthroughs would inspire the new field of Artificial Intelligence officially named in 1956 by John McCarthy in 1956 at the Dartmouth Conference .	Plur
As a result , the gluons inside the nucleus appear to a stationary observer as a " gluonic wall " traveling near the speed of light .	Plur
The vestries lie behind the altar of St John .	Plur
There are commissaries in Wings A , B / G , and D / E / F .	Plur
Potential spammers posing as users can be determined through various heuristics like age of registered account and other factors .	Plur
The primary arenas of federal involvement in food policy include agriculture , nutrition assistance , food safety , dietary guidance , and labeling .	Plur
Traditionally , contaminants of greatest concern were pathogens .	Plur
To the Nines is the ninth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum .	Plur
" To the Nines " appeared on the " USA Today " list of 150 best-selling novels for 17 weeks , peaking at number 2 .	Plur
There are many Railway Inspectors in the series .	Plur
The room smells of tobacco , and he is surprised since he does not smoke and neither does Susanna , nor the servant , Sante .	Plur
There are reminiscences of Kurt Weill , Wolf-Ferrari 's earlier comedies and many other composers , including Leoncavallo .	Plur
Feature Funnies was an American comic book magazine published by Comic Favorites , Inc. in the United States for 20 issues from 1937 until 1939 .	Plur
The retroflex clicks are a family of click consonants known only from the Central ! Kung dialects of Namibia and the Damin ritual jargon of Australia .	Plur
The Clarets finished second in the table and were promoted .	Plur
As of 2007 , the Port Malmö Maulers compete in the DAFL Premier League .	Plur
The Cows from 1993 ( later styled as COW or C.O.W .	Plur
The lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water .	Plur
Not only were the dives high-risk , but adverse conditions prevented Cameron from getting the high quality footage that he wanted .	Plur
Fuels include aluminium , magnesium , titanium , zinc , silicon , and boron .	Plur
In the early 17th century male hairstyles grew longer , with waves or curls being considered desirable .	Plur
Late 17th-century wigs were very long and wavy , but became shorter in the mid-18th century , by which time they were normally white .	Plur
Eventually noblewomen 's hairstyles grew so complex that they required daily attention from several slaves and a stylist in order to be maintained .	Plur
In the early 17th century male hairstyles grew longer , with waves or curls being considered desirable in upper-class European men .	Plur
These wigs were shoulder-length or longer , imitating the long hair that had become fashionable among men since the 1620s .	Plur
At the beginning of the Second World War and for some time afterwards , men 's haircuts grew shorter , mimicking the military crewcut .	Plur
Wealthy people 's hairstyles used to be at the cutting edge of fashion , setting the styles for the less wealthy .	Plur
Middle-class hairstyles tend to be understated and professional .	Plur
Fours in his first year , and was Captain of the Brasenose College Boat Club - saw him elected to Vincent 's Club and Leander Club .	Plur
Dwarfs continue to be depicted in modern popular culture in a variety of media .	Plur
" Dwarfs " remains the most commonly employed plural .	Plur
Dwarfs appear in many fantasy MMORPGs as a playable race .	Plur
Due to the lack of women , intermarriages between French and Indians were frequent , giving rise to the Métis people .	Plur
Tits raised in the foster family learned their foster family 's foraging sites early .	Plur
As the unsuitability of the land for agriculture became more and more patent , the Greenlanders resorted first to pastoralism and then to hunting for their food .	Plur
Greenlanders had to keep in contact with Iceland and Norway in order to trade .	Plur
Chieftains would trade with the foreign ships and then disperse the goods by trading with the surrounding farmers .	Plur
Many Greenlanders however were satisfied with the " status quo " , as they felt the monopoly would secure the future of commercial whaling .	Plur
Ice Age hunter-gatherers of this period left lithic flake fluted stone tools and the remains of large butchered mammals .	Plur
In 1642 , the Sulpicians sponsored a group of settlers led by Paul Chomedey de Maisonneuve , who founded Ville-Marie , precursor to present-day Montreal .	Plur
Specifically the Mounties were to assert Canadian sovereignty over possible American encroachments into the sparsely populated land .	Plur
Simultaneously suffragists gave strong support to the prohibition movement , especially in Ontario and the Western provinces .	Plur
After bitter debate Newfoundlanders voted to join Canada in 1949 as a province .	Plur
Mores include an aversion for societal taboos , such as incest .	Plur
Passages in the books of Exodus and Numbers note the age of majority for army service as twenty .	Plur
Although their size can vary , melanocytes are typically 7 μm in length .	Plur
In addition to their role as UV radical scavengers , melanocytes are also part of the immune system , and are considered to be immune cells .	Plur
Gabriel 's theatrics were unpalatable to some of the mainstream rock audience , resulting in a cult following rather than that of a mainstream rock band .	Plur
" Vows " is the premiere of the second season of the American science fiction television series " Dollhouse " and the show 's 14th episode overall .	Plur
" Vows " follows the first season finale , " Omega " , and takes place several months after the events of that episode .	Plur
Braathens followed , reducing from 8 to 5 % from 1 January 1998 .	Plur
On 23 July 1999 , Braathens replaced its CEO with Arne A. Jensen .	Plur
In February 1999 , Braathens merged the Swedish division with Malmö Aviation , to create Braathens Malmö Aviation .	Plur
In November , Braathens terminated all services in Sweden that were inherited from Transwede .	Plur
On 25 November 2000 , Braathens terminated the route to Murmansk .	Plur
Braathens had contacted British Airways , but they had stated that they did not wish to purchase Braathens .	Plur
By 2004 , Braathens had managed to cut costs sufficiently to make a profit .	Plur
SAS Braathens would operate 50 aircraft , all variations of the 737 .	Plur
No such PCBs are available for the OBDuino as of September 2009 .	Plur
After 1810 , Southey began to change from Jacobin political feelings to support of the establishment and monarchies .	Plur
Exemptions exist for " bona fide medical , scientific , educational , legislative , judicial or law enforcement purposes . "	Plur
After the procession , Hindus distribute sweets and gifts , visit their friends and family members .	Plur
Tradesmen and farmers similarly clean up , decorate and worship their own equipment of trade .	Plur
Sparkes won her head-to-head against CJ De Mooi , securing her place in the final round , but her team ultimately lost .	Plur
Sparkes has written 50 books from which only 42 or 43 have been published .	Plur
House overhears Foreman saying , ' I just need to know you 've got everything covered , ' and asks them what they 're talking about .	Plur
here two melas held in a year , on shivratri and krishnjanmastmi .	Plur
Mashtots Hayrapet ( ; also Pok 'r meaning " Little " ) is a church located within the village of Garni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .	Plur
At the height of the flooding , around 100,000 liters of bunker oil from the paper manufacturing firm Noah 's Paper Mill in Marikina City spilled .	Plur
At the start of a journey , both pantographs had to be lifted since they were only equipped with a single sliding bar without rocker .	Plur
Traditional insecticides are of limited use , as some strains have acquired resistance to several insecticides .	Plur
The lesser commandments are outworkings of the Golden Rule ( Matthew and Luke ) , and represent a life devoted to charity .	Plur
" " Hyenas like artists , are scavengers prowling on the edge of society .	Plur
Thornley began his football career playing for local amateur clubs Glossop Villa and Glossop St. James before joining Glossop in 1901 .	Plur
AWM has approximately 5200 members , including over 250 institutional members , such as colleges , universities , institutes , and mathematical societies .	Plur
Suggs wrote that the Citizen 's Protective League ,	Plur
The mill shutdowns caused a shutdown of most of the mines which had no place to send their ore to be processed .	Plur
The picketers refused , and the deputies arrested five of them .	Plur
R22 = retired , but classified NS = did not start	Plur
Guadalquivir would have not been the same film without her . "	Plur
During an attempted encirclement of the platoon by the Vietnamese forces , Albanese fixed a bayonet to his weapon and charged the enemy positions .	Plur
Upon arriving and momentarily silencing the enemy fire , Albanese discovered that the ditch he had charged was a well-entrenched position .	Plur
Albanese fixed his bayonet and moved aggressively into the ditch .	Plur
Albanese was mortally wounded when he engaged and killed 2 more enemy soldiers in fierce hand-to-hand combat .	Plur
The Glenrothes is a single malt Scotch whisky , produced at the Glenrothes Distillery , beside the Burn of Rothes in the Speyside region .	Plur
The Glenrothes is different from many other single malts in that since 1993 the bottlings are not determined by age but by vintage .	Plur
Special bottlings include " Single Cask " bottles , which are taken from one single cask of whisky from a particular year .	Plur
Weekdays begin with Max , Shannon and Porkchop in morning drive time .	Plur
Nicaraguans of the lower classes tend to be deeply religious but people not especially observant .	Plur
Mosques continue to be built in major cities .	Plur
Resistant chestnuts make slow-growing , swollen cankers that are superficial : live tissue can be recovered under these cankers .	Plur
Many ACCF chestnuts have expressed blight resistance equal to an original blight survivor but so far , only a handful have demonstrated superior , durable blight control .	Plur
Sacramento 's councilmembers receive an annual salary of $ 58,477 ; the Mayor 's salary is $ 111,106 per year .	Plur
Grubbs had moved to Washington , D.C. to attend Georgetown University where he started an early version of Bastro with bassist Dan Treado , who soon left .	Plur
All these jigs add precision , consistency , and productivity to a job .	Plur
Mitchels currently compete in the Down Junior Championship .	Plur
Their early EPs and first 2 albums have a sound that fuse Melodic Death Metal and Thrash Metal along with a few Doom Metal elements present .	Plur
eFluor nanocrystals are a class of fluorophores made of semiconductor quantum dots .	Plur
The fairways are Bermuda Grass and the greens are Bent Grass .	Plur
In January 2013 , Emeralds announced that Mark McGuire had left the band .	Plur
Kites can provide boatless fishermen access to waters that would otherwise be available only to boats .	Plur
Kites will fall into the water and have to be retrieved , rinsed with freshwater , and dried before being sent back out .	Plur
Statisticians class the 2009 season and 2009-10 season as those matches played on tours that started between May 2009 and April 2010 .	Plur
The Chasseurs Britanniques was a battalion-sized corps of foreign volunteers , who fought for Great Britain during the Napoleonic Wars .	Plur
Arriving in Lisbon in January 1811 , the Chasseurs joined Wellington 's command in March .	Plur
The Chasseurs continued to wear this uniform until they were stationed on the Isle of Wight .	Plur
As with many light infantry battalions , the Chasseurs had no colours .	Plur
In every such song , the four Xs represents the word " love " .	Plur
Caceres stayed on with the team alongside Christiano Rocha though neither would complete the season .	Plur
Qua ha ’ la vis sün ün pin ün corv chi tegnea ün toc chaschöl in ses pical .	Plur
Qua ha 'la vis sün ün pin ün corv chi tgnaiva ün toc chaschöl in seis pical .	Plur
Co ho 'la vis sün ün pin ün corv chi tgnaiva ün töch chaschöl in sieu pical .	Plur
Qua ha ella vis sin in pign in corv che tegneva in toc chaschiel en ses pichel .	Plur
When finishing the inking of this story , the two auteurs temporarily halted their collaboration after an argument .	Plur
pediatricians , daycare and preschool staff , child protective agencies , the courts ) as during parent-child sessions .	Plur
Typical oxidation catalysts are metal oxides and metal carboxylates .	Plur
Typical catalysts are platinum , and redox-active oxides of iron , vanadium , and molybdenum .	Plur
Important homogeneous catalysts for the oxidation of organic compounds are carboxylates of cobalt , iron , and manganese .	Plur
These catalysts initiate radical chain reactions , autoxidation that produce organic radicals that combine with oxygen to give hydroperoxide intermediates .	Plur
Catalytic oxidations are common in biology , especially since aerobic life subsists on energy obtained by oxidation of organic compounds by air .	Plur
Shooters earned spots for their NPC .	Plur
Shooters earned spots for their NPC .	Plur
For the amount of water tapped by local clients individual permissions from the responsible municipal or District Council departments are obligatory .	Plur
Also , chrysanthemums were diverse in color and the shape of pedal as a result of the introduction of new breeds from Shanghai and other places .	Plur
Although chrysanthemums are colorful , only a small number of them are edible , and we usually use the yellow edible chrysanthemums to make food .	Plur
" Listeria monocytogenes " can also cause infection acquired from tainted food and present in the mother .	Plur
Meningitis can occur in the septic infant .	Plur
Hamsters in straight classes have their colors judged against established , historical models for that class .	Plur
Ateliers et Chantiers de Penhoët was a shipyard established in 1861 by the Péreire brothers in Saint-Nazaire , France .	Plur
The other hydrogen chalcogenides are usually extremely toxic , and have strong unpleasant scents usually resembling rotting eggs or vegetables .	Plur
All straight-chain hydrogen chalcogenides follow the formula HX .	Plur
Higher polonium hydrides may exist .	Plur
Other resident waterbirds include Brent Geese , Bar-tailed Godwits , Great Black-backed Gulls , Common Gulls , curlews , dunlins and cormorants .	Plur
The dipoles reflect enough to appear as a large diffuse target .	Plur
Miniseries " Brides of Christ " won four awards for television including Best Television Mini Series or Telefeature .	Plur
Vortis released two albums with Weinstein as lead singer , " Take the System Down " and " God Won 't Bless America Again " .	Plur
Collieries functioning in the Kusunda Area are : Basuriya , East Basuriya , Gondidih , Khas Kusunda , Kusunda , Industry , Godhur and Dhansar .	Plur
The two outlooks confronted each other at a moment in history known as the " Battle of Valencia " ( " " ) .	Plur
Undertakings in which at least two-thirds of the capital was publicly owned were able to obtain a concession in perpetuity .	Plur
Solvents disrupt the intermolecular forces present in thermoplastics , irreparably destroying many of their physical properties in the process , including their ductility and translucence .	Plur
In the last month of the war , aircrews of the 20th downed their first Me262s .	Plur
The next day Gertrudis and the town liberals are surprised to find Leon Maria hailed as a hero of the conservatives .	Plur
However Thwaites could not get anyone to publish it , so he decided to do it himself .	Plur
Grains may grow to the size of walnuts or even larger .	Plur
Typical animal milks used include cow , goat , and sheep , each with varying organoleptic ( flavor , aroma , and texture ) and nutritional qualities .	Plur
Abnormalities of diastolic function , ranging from asymptomatic heart disease to overt heart failure , are common in hypertensive patients .	Plur
Pastors almost always have substantial theological educations , including Koine Greek and Biblical Hebrew so that they can refer to the Christian scriptures in the original language .	Plur
Pastors usually teach in the common language of the local congregation .	Plur
The LCMS and the Lutheran Church – Canada are members of the ILC .	Plur
The WELS and ELS are members of the CELC .	Plur
Abel Stearns purchased the land in 1861 , however , after the drought in 1863 , and forced to sell .	Plur
When ABC refused to stop treating the series in this way , the Pythons took them to court .	Plur
Shepley married Gordon Sarre in 1920 , a union which was dissolved in 1932 .	Plur
The Hotdogs retain solo leadership with nine wins and four losses .	Plur
The Hotdogs trailed , 102-106 , with one minute left in the ballgame .	Plur
The Hotdogs overcame Alaska import Willie Bland 's 70 points in scoring a pulsating 148-147 overtime win over the Airmen .	Plur
The vas deferens , likewise , unites with the penis some distance from its distal extremity , thus forming a flagellum .	Plur
The Purefoods Hotdogs had a 3-2 won-loss slate when they lost to winless Pop Cola on March 13 , prompting Purefoods management to release import Dwayne Johnson .	Plur
At the start of the semifinal round , the Hotdogs handed the Presto Tivolis their first loss after going unbeaten in the eliminations .	Plur
The Hotdogs lost to Sarsi in Rose ' debut before finally making it to the semifinals with a 130-118 win over Añejo Rum on November 8 .	Plur
There were several major collieries located in the town during this era with notable collieries being Chisnall Hall and Ellerbeck .	Plur
And so Taylor 's famed voluminous sofas and chairs came about .	Plur
Around 0900 UTC on January 31 , the FMS upgraded the disturbance to a tropical depression .	Plur
There were several major collieries located in the town during this era with notable collieries being Chisnall Hall and Ellerbeck .	Plur
There were ornamental lintels over the top storey lintels .	Plur
Marchers are often very informal about their roles , sometimes drinking beer as they ride parade floats .	Plur
Their favourite painting haunts were in the Trossachs and at Crowland in Lincolnshire .	Plur
Thorvald Lammers ( 15 January 1841 – 8 February 1922 ) was a Norwegian baritone singer , choral conductor , composer , and biographer .	Plur
Other artistes on the track include Sean Kingston , Sean Paul , Destra Garcia , Alison Hines , Tessane Chin , Etana and Haitian artiste Bello .	Plur
As a photosynthetic plant , grapevines need access to sunlight in order to complete their physiological processes .	Plur
With a cane-trained system , there are no permanent cordons or branches that are kept year after year .	Plur
That afternoon the porcine bourgeois takes her home via a roundabout route through the countryside .	Plur
The quarterfinals were best-of-3 series .	Plur
Action origami are normally toys built to amuse but some are designed to inspire wonder .	Plur
Paper poppers or bangers are models that make a noise when flicked down hard .	Plur
Within a few years the armaments of the first phase were obsolete .	Plur
The Circus Tents were a band active from 1989 to 1993 from Grass Valley , California .	Plur
At least three major glaciations in the past million years have been the final factor in shaping the land around the lake today .	Plur
These diversions added about 7 square miles ( 18 km ² ) to the Kitchen Creek drainage basin , increasing it by just over 50 percent to .	Plur
Amazonian trogons feed on insects and small fruit , and their broad bills and weak legs reflect their diet and arboreal habits .	Plur
Trogons have distinctive male and female plumages , with soft , often colourful , feathers .	Plur
Mussels are also part of the mariculture .	Plur
The southern white-fringed antwren ( " Formicivora grisea " ) is a insectivorous bird in the antbird family Thamnophilidae .	Plur
Higher altitudes deep into the wilderness areas are above timberline and alpine conditions prevail .	Plur
Enormous stockpiles of cannonballs still sit in pyramidal stacks at the base of the fortress walls .	Plur
Dessalines ordered those forts built in 1805 to protect the new nation against French attacks .	Plur
Garry flees to the cabin of Kris Barden , the father of one of the men killed ; they are joined by Amy .	Plur
As early as December 1666 , Pepys had commented on Holmes 's stubborn opposition to the laying-up of the fleet in expectation of peace .	Plur
For over a century , futurists have envisioned a future where telephone conversations will take place as actual face-to-face encounters with video as well as audio .	Plur
Chief Constables and Commissioners are responsible for the direction and control of policing in their force areas .	Plur
Vallès later fled to Nantes , where his father had him committed to a mental institution .	Plur
Vallès went to live in exile in London .	Plur
Much renowned tycoons in Hong Kong , such as the Shaw family , left Hong Kong for fear of adverse effects to the economy after the handover .	Plur
In an interview with ESPN , Rashad McCants claimed Doherty knew about fake classes that kept McCants eligible to play at North Carolina .	Plur
Several nonprofits lead free hikes into the National Forest to build support for further protection from logging and off-road vehicle use , including BARK and Oregon Wild .	Plur
By the mid-1990s , CD-ROMs were taking over from floppy disks as the major data storage and transfer medium .	Plur
Heretics of the Three-Faced Sun believe that the sun is a tripartite overdeity , with aspects of dawn , highsun ( solar noon ) , and dusk .	Plur
Meanwhile , the Janssens have found Zonnebloem 's pendulum and attempt to use it to locate him .	Plur
The Janssens arrive , having finally found Zonnebloem ; they are also tied up .	Plur
However , their hazelnuts are far more expensive than common and Asian hazelnuts .	Plur
Often detailed breakdowns are available on request for GFCF ,	Plur
The pagodas and monasteries crowd the numerous hills along the ridge running parallel to the river .	Plur
The Tudors belonged to a prominent Boston Brahmin family , and Frederick inherited his family 's grounds in Nahant , Massachusetts .	Plur
Tater Tots are today considered the brand 's most well known product .	Plur
The Grampians and the Port Campbell National Parks are in the division .	Plur
Further amalgamations eventually saw this organisation become part of the Construction Forestry Mining & Energy Union in 1993 .	Plur
In 1977 , the newly elected Parti Québécois government of René Lévesque introduced the Charter of the French Language .	Plur
Approximately 1.1 million Quebecers work in the field of science and technology .	Plur
Montreal 's cabarets rose to the forefront of the city 's cultural life during the Prohibition era of Canada and the United States in the 1920s .	Plur
The cabarets radically transformed the artistic scene , greatly influencing the live entertainment industry of Quebec .	Plur
During springtime , many Quebecers go to the cabane à sucre ( sugar house ) for a traditional meal .	Plur
Floater – The floaters are the roamers .	Plur
The millionaires who took her lengthy and expensive cruises were now unable to do so .	Plur
Bellairs runs numerous McGill University field-courses and workshops throughout the year , including Applied Tropical Ecology , Geography , and the Barbados Field Study Semester .	Plur
Bellairs participated in testing McGill University 's AQUA project – the world 's first robot capable of walking and swimming underwater .	Plur
The Chicago Shriners built a board track inside the football stadium Soldier Field in 1939 .	Plur
The exact antipodes of this lake coincide exactly with the dam of Torre de Abraham , in Castilla - La Mancha , Spain ( at coordinates ) .	Plur
Bags worked with Burberry to promote the brand 's limited color handbag DK88 on WeChat and these handbags also sold out .	Plur
The QS ranking of North American MBA programs placed HEC Montréal 30th in North America , and 7th in Canada .	Plur
The Egyptian “ chevrons ” are active , wind-generated dunes , but the “ chevrons ” in the Bahamas are inactive and have been variously interpreted .	Plur
Java generics differ from C + + templates .	Plur
Java generics generate only one compiled version of a generic class or function regardless of the number of parameterizing types used .	Plur
The streamers spread out in a fan shape , giving it the appearance of a " brush " .	Plur
Brush discharges can occur from charged insulating plastics ( for example polythene ) to a conductor .	Plur
Collectables included this CD in a box set entitled " Classic Album Collection , Vol .	Plur
CJM Bourges ( 1997 , 1998 , and 2001 ) and US Valenciennes ( 2002 and 2004 ) have won the EuroLeague Women .	Plur
The ostrich farm specialises in the breeding and conservation well being of ostriches and has over 2,500 animals .	Plur
The Animal Crackers are an American group of DJs , MCs and producers based out of Cincinnati , Ohio .	Plur
The Animal Crackers have been official DJs for Scribble Jam since 2000 ,	Plur
The Animal Crackers are a variety group consisting of turntablists , MC 's , and producer based out of Cincinnati , Ohio .	Plur
Among the addition of new members , the Animal Crackers are the Official Scribble Jam DJs as well as doing side work for the famous Bootsy Collins .	Plur
The Crackers have become the Official DJs for Bootsy over time .	Plur
Broyles would win his seventh and final Southwest Conference championship in 1975 .	Plur
Broyles coached the Razorbacks in 1976 , but with limited success , compiling a 5 – 5 – 1 record .	Plur
The Dalton Collegians were a semi-professional independent baseball team located in Dalton , Massachusetts .	Plur
The Dalton Collegians had many notable local and college baseball players that graduated to many levels of professional baseball .	Plur
The Dalton Collegians followed the deep traditions of local and community baseball in Massachusetts .	Plur
The Collegians played most of their home games in Dalton , MA which is situated next to Pittsfield , MA in Berkshire County .	Plur
Platense took revenge over C.D .	Plur
Platense took revenge on C.D .	Plur
This purple solid adopts a layered structure , akin to that of cadmium chloride .	Plur
A 'Lelia Bundles ( born June 7 , 1952 ) is an African-American journalist .	Plur
Bundles grew up in Indianapolis in a family of civic minded business executives .	Plur
There were twenty-four semifinalists , twelve females and twelve males .	Plur
In the 1989 – 90 season , Gathers died after collapsing during the second round of the WCC tournament .	Plur
The Low Lows have since released two full-length albums , one in 2006 and the other in 2008 .	Plur
Masterpieces by Ellington is the first LP album by American pianist , composer , and bandleader Duke Ellington , recorded for the Columbia label in 1950 .	Plur
The system analyzes , calculates and documents deformations of sheet metal parts , for example .	Plur
Linear progressions prolong harmonies through elaboration , or filling-in with dissonant notes , of a leap between two consonant notes from different voices in a chord .	Plur
The Parry Lagoons are probably the most important site in Australia for both wood and marsh sandpipers .	Plur
The finders had been among the first to introduce steam-driven machinery into the field at Ballarat and had looked first at nearby Creswick with no luck .	Plur
Waterworks occupy the northern part of the site , and commercial buildings have encroached upon the western half .	Plur
Invasions by Fijians and Tongans brought Melanesian and Polynesian influence .	Plur
Uplifted chimpanzees have thus far been shown mostly in the roles of judges and justices of the peace .	Plur
Corrales landed 60 of 205 punches , and landed no more than nine punches in a single round .	Plur
Corrales was unable to land any clean shots , as he stalked Mayweather through the early rounds .	Plur
Corrales said he was going to neutralize Mayweather 's hand speed by hitting Mayweather on the arms .	Plur
Then the left cosets of " H " in " G " are each the union of left cosets of " K " .	Plur
The low blows affected me from the time they hit me . "	Plur
The muggers followed in their minivan , but crashed into a tree a block away .	Plur
As of 2006 , there were 20 active co-productions .	Plur
The reeves of the village were as follows :	Plur
Lieutenants usually serve as district commanders , putting them in charge of the Sergeants and Troopers assigned to that district .	Plur
His reflexes are so sharp that he can perform a collapse dive with one hand with ease , even if he has just rejected a shot .	Plur
The exacts are unknown , but Bale seems to have made considerable changes to the account .	Plur
In June 2011 , five juvenile California condors flew over Mt .	Plur
The Kinks became a top chart act throughout the world beginning with their third single , 1964 's " You Really Got Me " .	Plur
Saffuriyya 's pomegranates , olives and wheat were famous throughout the Galilee .	Plur
Necropolis at Republic Square contained a well-shaped graves from the 1st century AD .	Plur
Recently , vandals did severe damage to the statue as reported on October 1st 2018 .	Plur
Minors include Accounting , Business Administration , Economics , Entrepreneurship , Finance , Global Commerce , Marketing and Sales .	Plur
Minors include Art History , Graphic Design , Furnishings and Product Marketing , Photography , Studio Art and Visual Merchandising Design .	Plur
The Papuans sided with the rebellious Prince Nuku .	Plur
Spinal deformities , including scoliosis , caused a distorted ribcage that restricted Dunn 's lung growth and function .	Plur
The louvers themselves could also be completely closed for gliding flight in the event of engine failure .	Plur
About 30 such medieval frontals exist in Norway , this is the only one not in a museum .	Plur
At the ends of the parapet are pedestals and an open Italianate balustrade runs between these and the pediment .	Plur
Joel McKenzie Simmonds ( born 27 January 1976 ) is a former Nevisian cricketer who played for the Leeward Islands in West Indian domestic cricket .	Plur
However , Nevis were only able to record 136 / 9 from their 20 overs , losing the match by 74 runs .	Plur
Attur is a town , municipality and headquarters of Attur taluk in the Salem district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .	Plur
Many Ming literati and courtiers continued to attack and ridicule the religion as demon worship and sorcery .	Plur
The major Buddhas of the esoteric pantheon are the Five Tathagatas .	Plur
During his rule , Kim Il-sung ordered that farmers should focus on other crops , such as rice and maize .	Plur
The first hydroponics seed potato farm was established in Pyongyang in 2000 , followed by three additional farms in other locations .	Plur
The Thompsons had three children , the youngest of whom is the award-winning children 's writer , Kate Thompson .	Plur
The SHS now publishes a twice-yearly journal " Socialist History " and a series of monographs called " Occasional Papers " .	Plur
In 1955 , the Jaycees honored Barnes as the " Outstanding Young Man of the Year " .	Plur
Modes of transport in Madurai include road , rail and air .	Plur
The lumps are hard and can grow in size unless treated .	Plur
Goupy I bis was an experimental aircraft built in France during 1908 , which on 5 September that year became the first French triplane to fly .	Plur
Natural calamities are common occurrences in this part of the Philippines .	Plur
Statisticians class the 2008 season as matches played on tours that started between May 2008 and August 2008 .	Plur
Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Molyneux , 1st Baronet FRS ( 14 April 1661 – 19 October 1733 ) was an Irish physician .	Plur
However , supervillains would later appear in tales like " Where Were You On The Night Batman Was Killed ? " .	Plur
Dalmia Cements was the largest cement plant in Asia at its completion .	Plur
Since its inception , over 300 harpists from 19 countries have competed for this coveted title .	Plur
In 1967 Cora Beals donated the land that became " faculty row " .	Plur
Saint-Charles became the centre of Patriote resistance , with hundreds flocking to the site .	Plur
There are very limited RV hookups at the Gorge campground .	Plur
The Kukeri Nunataks ( Kukerski Nunatatsi \ \ ' ku-ker-ski ' nu-na-ta-tsi \ \ ) are two rocky peaks	Plur
According to Hansel there were weaknesses in the design of the experiments in the way in which the agent became aware of their target picture .	Plur
Irish-Americans play a significant role in city and state politics , media , Wall Street , the Roman Catholic church , and the major sports leagues .	Plur
A " Shabbos tish " could also be the Shabbat meal of any Jewish family .	Plur
The inferior petrosal sinuses are two small sinuses situated on the inferior border of the petrous part of the temporal bone , one on each side .	Plur
At the first-ever Battle of Los Angeles event , the SBS and Chris Sabin lost to Talwar , Bomberry and Human Torndo .	Plur
However , the SBS won at part two of the event the following night , as they and Ronin defeated Sabin , Bomberry and T.J. Perkins .	Plur
However , two relegations saw the club back in Division Two by 1975 .	Plur
However , when they arrived , both halves of the car were gone .	Plur
Since 2009 , Romsey have entered the FA Cup at the earliest round of the cup — the Extra Preliminary Round .	Plur
Romsey have entered the FA Cup 13 times :	Plur
In August 2006 , St Helens won the Rugby League Challenge Cup after beating Huddersfield Giants 42 – 12 at Twickenham in the final .	Plur
The 25th and 75th LSAT percentiles for the 2016 entering class were 163 and 170 , respectively , with a median of 168 .	Plur
The 25th and 75th undergraduate GPA percentiles were 3.43 and 3.89 , respectively , with a median of 3.81 .	Plur
The gym 's east wall butts against the stage wall of the auditorium on a level even lower than the ground floor .	Plur
Forever Hooligans made their second successful title defense on October 8 at King of Pro-Wrestling , defeating the Time Splitters ( Alex Shelley and Kushida ) .	Plur
On October 21 , Forever Hooligans entered the 2012 Super Jr . Tag Tournament , defeating Jyushin Thunder Liger and Tiger Mask in their first round match .	Plur
Forever Hooligans broke up in January 2015 , when Koslov announced he was taking an indefinite break from professional wrestling .	Plur
Traits come originally from the programming language Self and are supported by the following programming languages :	Plur
Admissions to the evening studies probramme is based on a Common Entrance Examination .	Plur
Scholarships are available for students beginning their first year at the college , which are awarded on the basis of their performance in subjects .	Plur
The city Sohag of itself encloses only a few archaeological sites , hence tourism represents but a small portion of the city 's income .	Plur
Paraguayan Uruguayans are people born in Paraguay who live in Uruguay , or Uruguayan-born people of Paraguayan descent .	Plur
Nutrients such as vitamins and minerals are examples of micronutrients that are necessary for the proper maintenance of metabolism homeostasis in humans and other species .	Plur
Helpouts categorizes help into the following categories :	Plur
The Blenheims — with some Fairey Battles returned from France — began to fly on moonlit nights .	Plur
On 26 July , E-boats sank three ships and only eleven passed Dungeness .	Plur
Several Bristol Blenheims , escorted by Hawker Hurricanes of 145 Squadron reconnoitred Abbeville for no loss .	Plur
Two Blenheims from 604 covered by 152 Squadron Spitfires scouted the Dover – Calais straits .	Plur
The first steam clippers added to the fleet were the 315-ton ( 673grt ) " Lightning " in 1855 and 593-ton ( 947grt ) " Thunder " .	Plur
The plebs followed his advice , and seceded .	Plur
On October 29 , the Riverhounds held a press conference to announce the re-signings of two players :	Plur
During the production , Locklear and his co-pilot Milton " Skeets " Elliot died after crashing during a night scene .	Plur
The Butlers have various tombs in St Bridget 's Church from the 12th to 16th centuries .	Plur
Several ancient trackways run across the community .	Plur
Other trackways , Heol-y-slough and Heol Las also cross the downs .	Plur
There were two non-conformist Chapels within St Brides Major village .	Plur
Evangelical or Evangelicals may also refer to :	Plur
These cankers will often exude a reddish gum reducing the life of the tree , in turn , reducing the yield of the plant .	Plur
The bluffs and cliffs of the eastern side of the peninsula slope down to pebble beaches with some sand at high tide .	Plur
For the sixth consecutive and final season In France , France Télévisions were the free to air broadcasters while Eurosport were the subscription broadcasters .	Plur
Putney suffered breaks to his Tibia and Fibia after a late challenge from Gordon Cowans .	Plur
Tibbetts served as Justice of the Peace in Squak , Washington , which is present day Issaquah .	Plur
Tibbetts owned several businesses in Issaquah and was a well known merchant .	Plur
In 1878 Tibbetts took over as town Postmaster from William Pickering , who had served since 1870 .	Plur
Tibbetts moved the post office into his store and remained in the position until 1886 .	Plur
Rawls realizes that Colvin has essentially legalized the drug trade in specific areas , leading Burrell to demand to see Colvin in his office .	Plur
The Fitzgeralds attended many high society parties and they invited many celebrates to Oakley Court .	Plur
Regular Fans Forums and discounts at the club shop were among the new benefits .	Plur
" Thraupis " tanagers have squeaky call notes and songs which consist of 5-10 repetitions of a single or double note .	Plur
The blows were not struck with the blade as one would with an axe , but rather with the thicker straight front edge .	Plur
Recollections fell from me in flakes , in scales .	Plur
Psychological autopsies are also necessary to identify errors or oversights and expunge guilt .	Plur
The barbels are thicker than in the leopard catshark , and do not reach the mouth .	Plur
NETS is the Network for Electronic Transfer System in Singapore for EFTPOS .	Plur
Shiels played at such internationally known music venues such as Fillmore West and Whisky a Go Go .	Plur
At the point of intersection between all four fossae is the internal occipital protuberance .	Plur
Subsequently , the Andalusians won the 2002 UEFA Intertoto Cup and reached the quarter-finals of the following UEFA Cup .	Plur
Hackers and computer security scientists have the opinion that it is their social responsibility to make the public aware of vulnerabilities with a high impact .	Plur
Chairmen of the PNB included :	Plur
There are multiple allergens involved , although some workers claim that the larger proteins ( of molecular weight 65kDa ) are the most important .	Plur
These allergens appear to be cross-reactive across many species of " Culicoides " - i.e .	Plur
laminitis , immune suppression ) make this a less preferred option .	Plur
Chairmen of the AFPRB have included :	Plur
ChampionChip transponders are waterproof glass capsules that contain a silicon chip and an energizing coil .	Plur
Ant tanagers are birds of the genus Habia .	Plur
This year , amongst others , Jay-Z , Lily Allen , Patti Smith , The Kooks and Kent played .	Plur
The more effective lures have an action that closely resembles that of the actual living creature .	Plur
These salt based flame retardants offer advantages over other metal / mineral-based flame retardants in that they are water processable .	Plur
The pesticides review by the European Union led to herbicides containing ammonium sulfamate becoming unlicensed , and therefore effectively banned , from 2008 .	Plur
The IGS became involved in numerous projects and started publishing quarterly bulletins .	Plur
There are also a few other cradles .	Plur
Pepys witnessed his performance there on 28 August 1668 , and described his dancing on ropes .	Plur
On 21 September 1668 Pepys attended again , and then met Hall at a tavern .	Plur
Lawley joined the British Army and was commissioned as a lieutenant in the 7th Hussars on 11 February 1876 .	Plur
The Auckland Vulcans contracted ten players .	Plur
The first alternators of this type began with the first missiles requiring considerable electric power , those using radar seekers ( initially semi-active radar homing ) .	Plur
Ingrams states that Turks “ had inflexible rules concerning women " , leading to a decline in the status of women .	Plur
Cores studied music at the Moscow Imperial Conservatory under Jan Hřímalý .	Plur
Cores was the brother of violinist Alexander Cores and the father of novelist Lucy Cores .	Plur
There are also some Pentecostals who believe that Spirit baptism is a necessary element in salvation , not a " second blessing " .	Plur
These Pentecostals believe that in the baptism in the Holy Spirit , the power of the Spirit is released in their lives .	Plur
and that tongues are one of several spiritual manifestations of the presence of the Holy Spirit in an individual believer 's life .	Plur
Christadelphians believe that the phrase " Holy Spirit " refers to God 's power , mind or character depending on the context .	Plur
Cores for the Graphics Processing Unit use the graphics chip of modern video cards to do molecular dynamics .	Plur
Some surrogates work at counseling centers , while others have their own offices .	Plur
Knee tendonitis ended his season .	Plur
Accompanying intermittent torrents swept through much of the territory , but overall rainfall was moderate ; precipitation totals of between fell in Basse-Terre during the event .	Plur
There will be two semesters ( 1st Semester and 2nd Semester ) in an academic year .	Plur
The Chancellors are fictional characters and a core family from the CBS Daytime soap opera , " The Young and the Restless " .	Plur
Manufactures offer their reduced voltage autotransformer in two configurations , with a 2 coil construction or with a 3 coil construction , figures 2 and 3 .	Plur
His personal exertions in the memorable ' O .	Plur
Howells is a right-handed batsman who fields as a wicket-keeper .	Plur
While studying for his degree at Durham University , Howells made his first-class debut for Durham UCCE against Durham in 2004 .	Plur
The unusual roundels in the tympanum , based on illuminated manuscripts , are of New Testament scenes .	Plur
Suggs ended the game with 3 sacks and the Ravens forced 7 turnovers .	Plur
KPIs tell manufacturers and retailers how trade promotions performed relative to their pre-determined objectives .	Plur
There are still many stubs , bridges , and grading for the ramps .	Plur
Arsaces was the second son and youngest child born to King Pharnaces II of Pontus and his Sarmatian wife .	Plur
There were good anchorages for vessels of up to 5,000 tons in Dreger Harbour , Langemak Bay , and Finsch Harbour .	Plur
The LSTs retracted at 03 : 00 in order to be well clear before dawn .	Plur
Anglesey died from the effects of gout on 31 March 1737 in Farnborough , Hampshire , where he was buried .	Plur
When the swami arrived at the San Francisco Airport , 50 to 100 hippies chanting " Hare Krishna " greeted him in the airport lounge with flowers .	Plur
Some hippies brought their own flutes , lutes , gourds , drums , rattles , horns , and guitars .	Plur
By 1937 the Trotskyists had become the dominant force in " La Lutte " .	Plur
The Trotskyists publicly blamed the French Communist Party for the break-up of the " La Lutte " alliance .	Plur
The Taiwanese mafia dominate the shark finning industry in Costa Rica , although Indonesian gangs also have a foothold in the market .	Plur
Some 45 Kilometers to the North , the basement disappear beneath the sediments of the Chad basin .	Plur
Nevertheless , the Lassies went 46-66 their first year , good enough for a modest sixth place in the now eight-team league .	Plur
The Arash ( , From Iranian Arash ) is a series of 122mm unguided artillery rocket developed by Iran .	Plur
The multiple pogroms that occurred in Russian-ruled Ukraine did not spread across the border into Galicia , where Jews and Ukrainians were engaged in political cooperation .	Plur
Parent hydrides have a defined standard population of hydrogen atoms attached to a skeletal structure .	Plur
Specialists have noted his exceptional pedagogical talent .	Plur
There were more than 600 detentions of Christians in the province in 2006 .	Plur
There are over 200 shipwrecks , second only to the Bermuda Triangle .	Plur
Wrecks on the reef include :	Plur
Payyanur provides a relaxing place to the tourists .	Plur
Macrocoma latifrons is a species of leaf beetle endemic to the Canary Islands , described by Harald Lindberg in 1953 .	Plur
Notable businesspeople include Sir Anwar Pervez and Surinder Arora who rank amongst the wealthiest Britons .	Plur
Former Dirty Projectors vocalist Amber Coffman contributed additional vocals .	Plur
EnVyUs defeated Fnatic 3-1 in the North American final .	Plur
The Pythagoras statuettes symbolize The Third Eye which provides perception beyond ordinary sight .	Plur
The pan-democrats also stated they would boycott the new election measure by not signing the additional form .	Plur
By September 28 , 2017 , Blooom 's Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) ADV filings showed they had surpassed $ 1 billion in AUM .	Plur
The renegades refused to talk and opened fire on the company , even though they were considerably weaker .	Plur
The Timpanogos viewed this as an invasion of their territory and sacred land .	Plur
The Timpanogos found the body and discovered that Richard Ivie was involved in the murder .	Plur
The Timpanogos were angry , and demanded that the murderers be handed over , to which the settlers refused .	Plur
The Timpanogos had fortified their village with barricades made from stacked logs and fallen timber .	Plur
The Timpanogos fortified themselves in an abandoned cabin , and the first day ended in a stalemate .	Plur
The Timpanogos fled during the night after the second day of fighting .	Plur
Thrissur is one of the 20 Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala .	Plur
There are six taluks : Neyyattinkara , Thiruvananthapuram , Nedumangad , Chirayinkeezhu , Varkala and Kattakkada , each headed by a Tahsildar .	Plur
The Jackrabbits finished the 2015 – 16 season 26 – 8 , 12 – 4 in Summit League play to share the Summit League regular season championship .	Plur
The final collection discusses 20th century efforts to end discrimination against black people .	Plur
HGSCs ) without association of such lesions , tumours understood to develop " de novo " from the tubal and / or ovarian surface epithelium .	Plur
The Anglo-Saxons called April " ēastre-monaþ " .	Plur
Ingels took a small chainsaw engine and mounted it to a simple tube-frame chassis weighing less than 100 lb .	Plur
Aerodynamics and airflow play big roles in the setup of a racecar .	Plur
Since squatters had no claim to western lands under federal law , extra-legal organizations formed to fill the void .	Plur
An ethical human strives to escape from this contradiction so far as possible .	Plur
Skin abscesses are common and have become more common in recent years .	Plur
Internal abscesses rarely heal themselves , so prompt medical attention is indicated if such an abscess is suspected .	Plur
If superficial , abscesses may be fluctuant when palpated .	Plur
Like other abscesses , perianal abscesses may require prompt medical treatment , such as an incision and debridement or lancing .	Plur
Skin abscesses are common ; internal abscesses tend to be harder to diagnose , and more serious .	Plur
Warm compresses and elevation of the limb may be beneficial for a skin abscess .	Plur
Skin abscesses are common and have become more common in recent years .	Plur
Mols and Helgenæs are both part of the larger regional peninsula of Djursland .	Plur
Amateur dramatics is the performance of plays or musical theater , often to high standards , but lacking the budgets of professional West End or Broadway performances .	Plur
Although Carrel was skeptical about meeting with a priest , Presse ended up having a profound influence on the rest of Carrel 's life .	Plur
Shelling almonds refers to removing the shell to reveal the seed .	Plur
Blanched almonds are shelled almonds that have been treated with hot water to soften the seedcoat , which is then removed to reveal the white embryo .	Plur
" dulcis " are predominantly sweet but some individual trees produce seeds that are somewhat more bitter .	Plur
All commercially grown almonds sold as food in the United States are sweet cultivars .	Plur
Typical of nuts and seeds , almonds are a source of phytosterols such as beta-sitosterol , stigmasterol , campesterol , sitostanol , and campestanol .	Plur
Raw , untreated California almonds have not been available in the U.S. since then .	Plur
California almonds labeled " raw " must be steam-pasteurized or chemically treated with propylene oxide ( PPO ) .	Plur
Constitutional safeguards include freedom of speech , press , worship , movement , and association .	Plur
Antisemitic intents were evident from the testimonies of Kasab following his arrest and trial .	Plur
The teen then attacked the rabbi while yelling antisemitic comments , and threatened to kill the rabbi 's daughter .	Plur
Tokens allow a call of indefinite duration .	Plur
There are also four other airbases which do not appear to have aircraft based there .	Plur
From sixties of the past century Armenia has highest share of urban population among South Caucasus countries .	Plur
In 2007 , cash remittances through bank transfers rose by 37 percent to a record-high level of US $ 1.32 billion .	Plur
Property-for-debt or equity-for-debt swaps ( acquiring ownership by simply writing off the Armenian government 's debts to Russia ) are usually the method of acquiring assets .	Plur
The Co-Chairs are still continuing to work with the two presidents in the hope of finding a lasting peace .	Plur
Many other cathedrals had similar large thuribles at one time .	Plur
When asked whether he knew that disciple , the weaver replied that he would be able to recognize him .	Plur
" Atriplex canescens " has a highly variable form , and readily hybridizes with several other species in the genus " Atriplex " .	Plur
Impacts on land were generally insignificant ; no damages or fatalities were reported .	Plur
The Hamiltons began their professional singing careers in harmony at the Haymarket Theatre in Chicago , Illinois .	Plur
The Hamiltons and Fordyce were so well received that the " Playtime " showcase was recommended to run on its own merit .	Plur
Over the centuries , the Hohenzollerns made these poor marshes and woodlands the nucleus of a powerful state .	Plur
Carrots and potatoes are the main crops grown in the village 's fields .	Plur
However , logarithms are more straightforward and require less work .	Plur
Tables logarithms of trigonometric functions simplify hand calculations where a function of an angle must be multiplied by another number , as is often the case .	Plur
These postcards depicted regimental crests or patriotic flags and national symbols in abundance , and millions were produced over the course of the war .	Plur
The key narrative progressions centre on Lily Gates , the novel 's female protagonist , and her courting with Bert Jones , one of the factory workers .	Plur
Herak 's confessions were the subject of a Pulitzer Prize-winning article by John F. Burns .	Plur
Other accreditations include the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools .	Plur
Meanwhile , the bushrangers in his district became more active .	Plur
The dendrites receive these impulses with their feathery extensions .	Plur
In 2000 , Baddeley added the episodic buffer .	Plur
Famous alumnae include the singers Zhasmin , Alsou and Nastya Kamenskikh .	Plur
The cast iron railings on the station staircases remain hidden by boarding .	Plur
Falconer 's boyfriends have included the designer and filmmaker Tom Ford and the artist David Hockney .	Plur
Examinations in the clinical subjects include written , clinical and oral parts .	Plur
Adult river lampreys measure from for the sea-going forms and up to for the lake forms .	Plur
River lampreys belong to the same genus as brook lamprey and are thought to be very closely related .	Plur
River lampreys migrate upstream from the sea to spawning grounds in autumn and winter .	Plur
Both the cocks and hens tend to be aggressive with other poultry , as well as towards two- and four-legged intruders that they do not recognize .	Plur
Before the war most groceries , dry cleaners , drugstores , and department stores offered home delivery service .	Plur
Sightings have occurred in 1940 , 1958 , 1962 , 1978 , 2007 , and 2010 .	Plur
Sightings of the light ended when the railroad removed the track in 1977 and a trestle bridge related to the legend was destroyed .	Plur
Sponges and algae make up its primary diet .	Plur
Mangoes are the most popular plantation of Tando Allahyar .	Plur
There must be hippie havens other than San Francisco .	Plur
On 4 January 2009 , Trofense managed an historical home win , beating S.L .	Plur
The lyricists with whom he collaborated included Abner Silver , Herb Magidson , Charles Newman , Mort Dixon and Ned Washington .	Plur
Kerns also was an aide to Representative Edward A. Pease and served as his chief of staff .	Plur
In 2000 , when Pease retired , Kerns won a 12-way Republican Primary .	Plur
During his term in Congress , Kerns took up many social issues including gun rights and working to ban human cloning .	Plur
During his time in congress , Kerns never missed a single vote .	Plur
Two men 's quarterfinals also took shape , and many matches in doubles and juniors were also played .	Plur
The four women 's quarterfinals are :	Plur
The men 's quarterfinals that have been formed by winning their fourth round matches are :	Plur
The men 's quarterfinals are as so :	Plur
In a completed well , there may be many annuli .	Plur
These outriggers will dramatically improve the angular resolution of the HIRAX array , allowing it to localize FRB detections with sub-arcsecond precision .	Plur
In the walls of the caverns there were receptacles for various kinds of food , as well as hollows for vessels in which liquids could be stored .	Plur
RWS would then turn to the restoration of racing cars and road car repairs , occasionally competing in historic racing and support of other racing teams .	Plur
The URS subsequently dissolved , and Jovanović became a founding member of a successor party called the People 's Movement of Serbia , led by Miroslav Aleksić .	Plur
Electrochemical aptamer-based ( E-AB ) biosensors have the ability to generate electrochemical signal in response to specific target binding in vivo .	Plur
E-AB biosensors provide a promising mechanism for in-situ sensing and feedback-controlled drug administration .	Plur
The signal quantifies target binding depending on electron transfer that is stoichimetrically proportional to target binding .	Plur
Captive cetaceans TragicallySad also mentioned that captive animals may lead to a tragedy life .	Plur
By pulling out the motivation of the staff with this management method , many skilled hairdressers gathered and an equal relationship with the staff was established .	Plur
As a result , many Japanese hairdressers were able to improve customer unit price .	Plur
On 29 November 1922 the Curricle Ladders re-appear at Headquarters : awaiting repairs .	Plur
The 1898 Shand Mason Curricle Ladders are telescopic ladders consisting of one main length , and two sliding lengths , mounted on a horse-drawn carriage .	Plur
Other brigade switchboards of the time were of a standard and rudimentary design , and constructed by general workshop staff .	Plur
Other contemporary switchboards , built by the Brigade workshops , were of a much more rudimentary nature .	Plur
The representativeness of the Heritage Fleet as a collection is outstanding due to the high integrity of the majority of the items of which it is comprised .	Plur
It 's outstanding representativeness adds to the collection 's rarity .	Plur
The cubes vary in size according to the number of activists or space .	Plur
myrophorea ; the antibiotics actually produced in-situ have yet to be identified .	Plur
Starting in the 1890s , motorized lifeboats began to enter use .	Plur
Motorization allowed lifeboats to travel faster , serve a wider area and be operated by a smaller crew .	Plur
Her strides kept getting bigger and all I had to do was to keep her straight .	Plur
South Liberties were the defending champions .	Plur
However , Lesbos had recently transformed into a war zone , as the Chians had incited revolts in the key cities of Methymna and Mytilene .	Plur
Chloé Bourgeois ( voiced by Selah Victor in the English version and Marie Chevalot in the French version ) is the mayor 's daughter .	Plur
André Bourgeois ( voiced by Joe Ochman in the English version ) is the mayor of Paris and Chloé 's father .	Plur
Javier Caceres can refer to :	Plur
Dabbs attended the College of Physicians and Surgeons in Keokuk for two years starting in 1888 .	Plur
Dabbs had to resort to representing herself as a widow and carried on as a single working mother in Sulphur Springs , setting up a practice there .	Plur
Dabbs was the eighth woman to practice medicine in Fort Worth .	Plur
Dabbs also was the state chair of the Woman 's Southern Council .	Plur
Dabbs became involved in 1897 in promoting a bill which would establish a women 's industrial school in Texas .	Plur
Dabbs contracted tuberculosis while at Camp Cuba Libre , where the hygiene conditions were poor .	Plur
Dabbs eventually moved to Oklahoma .	Plur
His heroics impressed Emperor Renzong of Song , who generously rewarded his family .	Plur
Marine iguanas and partly marine crocodiles ( such as the saltwater crocodile and the American crocodile ) are all semiaquatic .	Plur
Cow-dung cakes are the common type of fuel employed to melt the metal before it is poured into the moulds .	Plur
Generally there were 5 foursomes and 10 singles except that in 1956 there were only 4 foursomes and 8 singles .	Plur
Fleur signed a record deal with Syco in 2014 and released her debut album " Love , Sax and Flashbacks " in 2015 .	Plur
The drapers took the role of middlemen when the trade in raw wool was replaced by trade in woollen cloth .	Plur
By the late 14th century the drapers had become an independent guild with commercial , religious and political functions .	Plur
The Mercers , who retailed cloth , had formerly claimed a share of the Welsh trade , as had the Shearmen , who finished the cloth .	Plur
The drapers came to wield great power in Shrewsbury , and included all the leading men of the town .	Plur
The drapers provided homes for a number of poor people , whom they employed , and gave work to over 600 shearmen .	Plur
The Shrewsbury Drapers had to make dangerous journeys through unsettled country to reach these markets .	Plur
In 1608 there were 84 Shrewsbury Drapers .	Plur
In 1621 the drapers " agreed to buy no more cloth in Oswestry " .	Plur
In response to a plea from the rector of Dolgelley in 1648 the drapers agreed as a compromise to buy cloth on Thursdays .	Plur
The drapers bought the cloth in semi-finished form , and sold it after it had been finished , or nearly finished .	Plur
The Shrewsbury drapers brought this cloth and had it cottoned and shorn .	Plur
The Shrewsbury Drapers were fast losing their control of the trade by 1770 .	Plur
The G-series received the upgrade shortly afterwards , and the P-series during 2011 .	Plur
The nanotubes have sufficient length to fit between two platinum nanogap electrodes produced by scanning probe nanofabrication and are 180 nm apart .	Plur
The nanotubes as such are insulating , but , after one-electron oxidation with nitrosonium tetrafluoroborate ( ) , they conduct electricity .	Plur
Still today there are several Rainbows still in operation mainly in the United States and Europe .	Plur
Posadas , with 2,000 protesters , had the first notable demonstration against the Kirchners .	Plur
Mature men 's hairstyles were always short and neat , and generally maintained with hair-oil .	Plur
Very short cropped hairstyles were fashionable in the early 1950s .	Plur
Short , tight curls with a poodle cut known as " short bangs " were very popular , favored by women such as first lady Mamie Eisenhower .	Plur
In the 1950s , lotion shampoos with conditioning ingredients became popular precursors of the shampoo / conditioner rinse pairing of two decades later .	Plur
Two other sanctuaries that have been the subject of study by Israelis in the occupied Golan Heights are Qalaat Bustra and Har Senaim .	Plur
The Typaldos Lines name endures in legal contract law stemming from the lawsuit " Anglo Continental Holidays Ltd v Typaldos Lines ( London ) Ltd . "	Plur
Without blowdown , impurities would reach saturation levels and begin to precipitate within the boiler .	Plur
Henry Langlands ( 1794-1863 ) , left Scotland in 1846 with his wife Christian , née Thoms .	Plur
Up to that time the shanks were square and did not rotate .	Plur
His 95 RBIs are second in the NL only to the 103 by Paul Goldsmith of the Arizona Diamondbacks and tied with Brandon Phillips of the Reds .	Plur
Hollands played a total of 101 games for West Adelaide in the SANFL from 2000 to 2008 .	Plur
Milas carpets and rugs woven of wool have been internationally famous for centuries and bear typical features .	Plur
Numeric keypads usually operate in two modes .	Plur
Numeric keypads are useful for entering long sequences of numbers quickly , for example in spreadsheets , financial / accounting programs , and calculators .	Plur
The lithographs , produced by Isidore Laurent Deroy sparked an interest in the technique as a means for reproducing art .	Plur
Plastics and composite materials began to replace metal , particularly with the advent of newer electric drip coffeemakers in the 1970s .	Plur
The Melvins slowed down punk rock to developed their own slow , heavy , sludgy sound .	Plur
The John Monash Scholarships are prestigious postgraduate scholarships awarded to outstanding Australians with leadership potential who wish to study at any university overseas .	Plur
The John Monash Scholarships are amongst the most important postgraduate scholarships currently available in Australia .	Plur
Back with the hurlers Cork subsequently qualified for the All-Ireland final against Kilkenny .	Plur
In 2000 Cork 's hurlers were the favourites to retain their All-Ireland title .	Plur
Petits fours come in three varieties :	Plur
Over the course of the saxophone ’ s performance history , notable saxophonists have contributed much to the literature on saxophone technique .	Plur
Many saxophonists and pedagogues have published material on the saxophone embouchure and tone production .	Plur
Most mustards from Dijon today contain white wine rather than verjuice .	Plur
Home-made mustards may be hotter and more intensely flavored than most commercial preparations .	Plur
Boese has published two books on hoaxes : " Museum of Hoaxes " ( E.P .	Plur
Fatehpur has a sex ratio of 900 females for every 1000 males , and a literacy rate of 68.78 % .	Plur
Fatehpur is 78 km from Kanpur , 121 km from Prayagraj and state capital Lucknow is 120 km away .	Plur
Fatehpur is a historic region in the context of the Great Indian Mutiny of 1857 .	Plur
Cellars and other earth sheltered components of other buildings , can provide safe refuge during tornadoes .	Plur
The panes are often more firmly attached than normal window panes , including using screws or bolts through the edges of larger panes .	Plur
These Rites delineate the transition between the Period of Inquiry into the Period of the Catechumenate .	Plur
The Rites take place when the members of the local Church are gathered together for the Eucharistic celebration .	Plur
Various Rites pertain to this period of instruction for those who are unbaptized ( Catechumens ) :	Plur
The Rites used to confer these Sacraments are outlined below .	Plur
Northstar 's repeated blows delivered at superhuman speed , however , inflict a nosebleed on Paulie and render him unconscious .	Plur
There are two manga adaptions of this series .	Plur
In widowhood , Fanshawe devoted herself to the education of her children , to acts of benevolence , and to self-improvement .	Plur
In 1676 , Fanshawe transcribed the manuscript " Memoir " of her husband ( now held in the British Library ) for private family circulation .	Plur
RWE invested € 1,200 million into the project .	Plur
Suggs made his major league debut on April 21 , 1908 , for the Detroit Tigers .	Plur
Suggs finished his career with a 3.11 ERA and 99 wins .	Plur
Blogs have described many discrepancies between official China government announcements concerning H5N1 and what people in China see with their own eyes .	Plur
The bluffs lining this reach of the Mississippi River drainage basin currently climb to not quite .	Plur
McAleese won , and Harris has since expressed regret for his sentiments and has praised her presidency .	Plur
Parishes in the area sometimes neglected or refused to repair those roads which were heavily used by coal carts .	Plur
The Writhlington Collieries , close to the Waldegrave Collieries , were further east of Radstock and under different ownership .	Plur
While most docents are students from Sonoma State University , many derive from the community at large .	Plur
Cruises were once the duty of the withdrawn vessels , the " Southsea Queen " and the " Solent Enterprise " .	Plur
LaFleur attended Westlake High School , where he played tight end and defensive end .	Plur
LaFleur accepted a football scholarship from Louisiana State University .	Plur
When an airplane piloted by a family friend goes down , the Austins welcome the co-pilot 's orphaned daughter , Maggy Hamilton , into their home .	Plur
" Muffins " are a metaphor for conformity and snobbery .	Plur
Ultimately reformists won 195 of the 290 Majlis seats in that election .	Plur
The Lads of Enchantment is a barbershop quartet that won the 1957 SPEBSQSA international competition .	Plur
Western Continentals is a Barbershop quartet that won the 1968 SPEBSQSA international competition .	Plur
There are no wild juxtapositions of the creatures of his sleeping world with the images of his waking world .	Plur
The Vulcans only noticed the warp trail and came to investigate .	Plur
Then the Havens were laid in ruin , and the tower of Barad Nimras cast down ; " "	Plur
The Havens at Mithlond provided anchorage for a fleet of ships sent by King Eärnur of Gondor .	Plur
Mixtures of folk and pop have also risen from the Cairo hit factory .	Plur
Nubians are native to the south of Egypt and northern Sudan , though many live in Cairo and other cities .	Plur
The Yakuts are the largest , and are known for their olonkho songs and the khomus , a jaw harp .	Plur
The Pygmies have a complex folk music tradition .	Plur
The Pygmies themselves do not learn or think of their music in this theoretical framework , but learn the music growing up .	Plur
Pensions for the elderly , the poor and war casualties followed , with State-run schools , hospitals and subsidized medical and dental care .	Plur
Diadem may also refer to :	Plur
Total literates in Changanassery UA were 113,597 of which males were 54,901 and remaining 58,696 were females .	Plur
Caucasians are the most affected race , with the prevalence in the Black and Asian populations being much lower .	Plur
In the worst case , bisphosphonates may lead to osteonecrosis of the auditory canal itself .	Plur
Exemptions to this requirement to hold a valid passport include :	Plur
Whilst the crown dependencies are within the Common Travel Area , neither Gibraltar nor the sovereign British military exclaves of Akrotiri and Dhekelia are .	Plur
Modern High bypass turbofans are not only more fuel efficient , but also much quieter than older turbojet and low-bypass turbofan engines .	Plur
The two rivers Rems and Murr gave the district its name .	Plur
Two more F-15s joined the pursuit , and a total of 10 air-to-air missiles were fired at the MiG-25s , though none reached them .	Plur
Furthermore , there are the following isomorphisms :	Plur
Some sandbars emerge from the sea , but only Trischen is high enough and safe enough from storm surges , to allow saltwater-loving vegetation to grow .	Plur
Strong westerlies and the heat storage capacity are determining factors which often generate strong winds , but at the same time balance the temperatures .	Plur
Fishes , breeding birds and most of the marine mammals living in the Wadden Sea use it as nursery .	Plur
Similarly , ontologies are typically far more flexible as they are meant to represent information on the Internet coming from all sorts of heterogeneous data sources .	Plur
Annotations carry machine and human oriented meta-data .	Plur
By now , the runaways had travelled about .	Plur
Unlike traditional OSes like UNIX and Windows NT there are no files , only objects of different types .	Plur
Classical mouthpieces generally help produce a warmer and rounder tone , while jazz mouthpieces generally help produce a brighter and edgier tone .	Plur
The Blenheims is a small area of inner-city Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .	Plur
The Hollies has gardens including the National Plant Collection of Philadelphus .	Plur
Baritone saxophones come in two sizes with one ranging to low A and the other to low B .	Plur
Originally , all baritone saxophones were low B instruments , but over time players began modifying their horns to reach the low A below the staff .	Plur
Many marching saxophonists prefer this style for its ability to decrease fatigue .	Plur
Prominent baritone saxophonists in contemporary American popular music include Stephen Kupka of Tower of Power and Dana Colley of Morphine .	Plur
Misfits of Science is an American superhero fantasy television series that aired on NBC from October 1985 to February 1986 .	Plur
The mid-1940s was a lull in Groucho Marx 's career .	Plur
The Thiel Tomcats compete in NCAA Division-III athletics , in the Presidents ' Athletic Conference .	Plur
The nine top vote-getters win seats on the council for a four-year term .	Plur
Previous reissues placed the tracks in the middle of the album , interrupting the " flow " .	Plur
Her primary castmates were Robert Hays , Debralee Scott , and fellow Brooklynite Doris Roberts .	Plur
The casein micelles are then able to aggregate together when they collide with each other , forming the curds that can then be made into blue cheese .	Plur
Summaries based on DeMatteis ' unillustrated scripts appear on the K 'Ad-mon and Ellen Brandt pages in Appendix to the Handbook of the Marvel Universe .	Plur
Many powerups will allow the player to reach new areas , but the game gives no indication of where to go .	Plur
Snails apparently become sexually mature in their first year , but , in some cases , females may not lay eggs until their second year .	Plur
The TV animations broadcast in Japan from September of the previous year to August of the event year , excluding rebroadcasts , become candidates .	Plur
The CAPS and the Clinical Global Impressions-Change scale ( CGI-C ) were the primary outcome measures .	Plur
Most kickers use some form of aid to allow them to strike a preferred part of the ball .	Plur
Direct derivations were as follows :	Plur
Mussels are filter feeders that pump water through their siphons to collect food particles from the water .	Plur
In the latter case , raccoons apparently exploit low water levels in winter to access the muckets for food .	Plur
Second class compartments have two couches opposite each other , each couch offering 4 places .	Plur
When trains are not busy , couches are usually empty , so passengers can lie down at times .	Plur
On this route the standard 6 or 8 person compartments are available as well as the 4 person couchette-compartments .	Plur
Snails in this genus create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior .	Plur
Sometimes such misunderstandings can lead to project failure or complete customer dissatisfaction .	Plur
Much of Tiu Valles and Simud Valles move toward Chryse as well .	Plur
Interventions that target decoding abilities may include instruction in phonics , phonological awareness , and phonemic awareness ( also see Dyslexia intervention ) .	Plur
Some flashlights feature a momentary on switch so that the light is quickly turned off by releasing finger pressure on the button .	Plur
Smaller tactical flashlights often have crown-like protrusions around the lens to enable its use as a weapon by hammerfist strike .	Plur
The cardiac glycosides are powerful drugs from plants including foxglove and lily of the valley .	Plur
Its upper eyelids have bony plates on them , a feature usually not present in the American alligator .	Plur
These by-products can induce biofouling , which essentially clogs water filtration systems in water purification facilities , as the by-products are larger than membrane pore sizes .	Plur
The skirmishers and militia would screen the strongest Continental troops , while inflicting damage as the British advanced .	Plur
The American skirmishers kept firing as they withdrew to join the second line manned by Pickens ' irregular militia .	Plur
The Continentals in the center , as ordered , mounted a bayonet charge .	Plur
Mosses from an Old Manse is a short story collection by Nathaniel Hawthorne , first published in 1846 .	Plur
Nestlings fledge in 28 days .	Plur
Medical ventilators often include humidifiers for increased patient comfort .	Plur
Printers and paper manufacturers use humidifiers to prevent shrinkage and paper curl .	Plur
These wicks become moldy if they are not dried out completely between fillings , and become saturated with mineral deposits over time .	Plur
According to Tymoshenko , her braids are a family tradition .	Plur
Few zoos keep the northern screamer , and most of those that do are located in Colombia .	Plur
These zoos include the Cali Zoo , the Matecaña City Zoo in Pereira , Risaralda and the Guatika Zoo in Tibasosa , Boyacá .	Plur
After that , Pierre Cuypers undertook a lengthy restoration work .	Plur
The Potentials , Faith and Spike are waiting , and the potentials / slayers cut their hands to open the seal with their blood .	Plur
Her sneakers of choice are a pair of red Chuck Taylor All-Stars .	Plur
Some free halogens react with gold .	Plur
Egyptian hieroglyphs from as early as 2600 BC describe gold , which King Tushratta of the Mitanni claimed was " more plentiful than dirt " in Egypt .	Plur
In Byzantine iconography the halos of Christ , Mary and the Christian saints are often golden .	Plur
Some coal flue dusts contain small quantities of gallium , typically less than 1 % by weight .	Plur
The ore concentrates are mostly sulfidic ; they are converted to the oxides by heating under air in a process known as roasting :	Plur
Timelines showing the number of seats and percentage of party list votes won are on the right .	Plur
In countries that use iodized salt , Hashimoto 's thyroiditis is the most common cause .	Plur
When studying human genetic diseases , geneticists often use pedigree charts to represent the inheritance of traits .	Plur
Now insane , the lover / patient hammers a chisel into the doctor 's brain .	Plur
Thus most current GUIs have largely common idioms .	Plur
GUIs were a hot topic in the early 1980s .	Plur
Three-dimensional GUIs appeared in science fiction literature and films before they were technically feasible or in common use .	Plur
The Dothraki have only one permanent city , called Vaes Dothrak , which serves as their capital .	Plur
The cities ' militaries are highly dependent on additional slave and mercenary armies for the actual fighting .	Plur
Daenerys perceives them as " nothing if not polite " .	Plur
The Dothraki believe that ghost grass covers the Shadow Lands , with stalks that glow in the dark and grow taller than a man on horseback .	Plur
Daenerys heard that dragons themselves originated from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai and the islands of the Jade Sea , and they possibly still live there .	Plur
The Dothraki believe the Asshai 'i to be the spawn of shadows .	Plur
Daenerys sees people of Yi Ti as bright-eyed men in monkey-tail hats in the markets of Vaes Dothrak .	Plur
In 1972 , there were 88 GMs with 33 representing the USSR .	Plur
The voids of a soil , the spaces in between mineral particles , contain the water and air .	Plur
There are four typical hammers used to drive such piles : drop hammers , diesel hammers , hydraulic hammers , and air hammers .	Plur
The Fauves , a group that included Henri Matisse and André Derain among others , used brilliant colors to represent emotional response .	Plur
But Pentecostals and Charismatics have reported many cases of ' speaking in tongues ' that were identified as human languages since .	Plur
Many Pentecostals and charismatics adhere to Paul 's words in 1 Corinthians 14 which established guidelines on the public use of glossolalia in the church at Corinth .	Plur
Other novelties introduced around this time included gladiators who fought from chariots or carts , or from horseback .	Plur
The entertainments often began with " venationes " ( beast hunts ) and " bestiarii " ( beast fighters ) .	Plur
Some Roman reenactors attempt to recreate Roman gladiator troupes .	Plur
The first genetically modified ornamentals commercialised altered colour .	Plur
Other genetically modified ornamentals include " Chrysanthemum " and " Petunia " .	Plur
Creek prophets claimed to have placed a protective barrier around the town to kill any white man who crossed the barrier .	Plur
His militia troops ' enlistments were due to expire on 1 January 1814 .	Plur
Querrey would also join fellow Americans , Andre Agassi and Jimmy Connors as the only three men to win 3 or more titles in the Open Era .	Plur
The litigants argued that because these decisions could not be reviewed by Congress or the courts , the health care legislation violated the separation of powers doctrine .	Plur
In 1953 , Ensley decided to try something relatively new : a prime-time television show on fishing .	Plur
Harold Ensley 's " Tiny Tots " jigs helped introduce and popularize ultralight spinning tackle for crappie and panfish .	Plur
Due to its favorable characteristics , HPMA polymers and copolymers are also commonly used to produce synthetic biocompatible medical materials such as hydrogels .	Plur
Stiles said he received only $ 480 for his participation in the robbery and it was believed that he confessed because of his dissatisfaction with his share .	Plur
Stiles remained on the run until he surrendered in 1902 .	Plur
The Black Foxes folded on January 7 , 1915 and the league folded on February 7 with an incomplete season .	Plur
Their detailed analyzes allowed them to trace patterns of forest stands as well as changes in the forest .	Plur
" A Tree Grows in Springfield " is the sixth episode of the 24th season of " The Simpsons " .	Plur
West Ocean Condominiums 2 is a residential high-rise in Long Beach , California , United States .	Plur
Nwe called for Tala Mi Daw , who was also his half-sister and of royal birth , but she refused to see him .	Plur
In response , Nwe held the coronation ceremony the next day , 5 January 1384 , with Maneit as his chief queen .	Plur
Tammy gloats at Minerva 's death before a returning ABE rams her against the wall and self-destructs .	Plur
Achilles tendinitis is the inflammation of the Achilles tendon , resulting in pain along the back of the leg near the heel .	Plur
Noninsertional Achilles tendinitis is the type that more commonly affects runners .	Plur
Bustards are large terrestrial birds mainly associated with dry open country and steppes in the Old World .	Plur
The turacos and plantain eaters are brightly coloured , usually in blue , green or purple .	Plur
Trogons have soft , often colourful , feathers with distinctive male and female plumage .	Plur
Hoopoes have black , white and orangey-pink colouring with a large erectile crest on their head .	Plur
The award orations delivered by Dutta Roy include 2009 Dr. Guru Prasad Chatterjee Memorial Lecture the Indian National Science Academy .	Plur
Teles has also played Kendra in DirecTV 's " Rogue " and Daniella in BBC America 's " Intruders " .	Plur
Teles studied theatre at Concordia University in Montreal , Quebec .	Plur
The bioreactors / fermentors that are used to do these mass production of product can store up to 500 cubic meters in volume .	Plur
In the United States alkenylsuccinic anhydrides are the preferred paper sizing agents , whereas in Europe , alkyl ketene dimers ( AKDs ) predominate .	Plur
In September 2008 , Vasey moved south to sign for Moseley , after initially appearing to sign terms with Rotherham Titans .	Plur
Tonya remarries , divorces , takes up professional boxing , becomes a landscaper , house painter and deck builder .	Plur
The Librem laptops come in two sizes , the 13 and the 15 featuring a 13 and a 15 inch screen , respectively .	Plur
Ines was the first woman to climb the mixed grade of M11 .	Plur
Asian Cinemas and KFC Entertainments acquired the film 's distribution rights for Telangana and Andhra Pradesh .	Plur
The away stockings had only three white stripes .	Plur
The central tenets of conservatism include tradition , human imperfection , organic solidarity , hierarchy , authority , and property rights .	Plur
Even during later times , weasels were far more commonly kept as pets and weasels , not cats , were seen as the ideal rodent-killers .	Plur
Despite widespread concern about the welfare of free-roaming cats , the lifespans of neutered feral cats in managed colonies compare favorably with those of pet cats .	Plur
The bottlers then sell , distribute , and merchandise Coca-Cola to retail stores , restaurants , and vending machines throughout the world .	Plur
Cans of Coke first appeared in 1955 .	Plur
Many legumes , however , are deficient in the essential amino acid methionine , which grains contain .	Plur
The gospels say that when Jesus gave his response , his interrogators " marvelled , and left him , and went their way . "	Plur
In spite of this , coyotes sometimes mate with gray , eastern , or red wolves , producing " coywolf " hybrids .	Plur
Modern coyotes arose 1,000 years after the Quaternary extinction event .	Plur
Adult eastern coyotes are larger than western coyotes , with female eastern coyotes weighing 21 % more than male western coyotes .	Plur
Unlike western coyote pups , in which fighting precedes play behavior , fighting among eastern coyote pups occurs after the onset of play .	Plur
Eastern coyotes tend to reach sexual maturity at two years of age , much later than in western coyotes .	Plur
However , unrelated coyotes may join forces for companionship , or to bring down prey too large to attack singly .	Plur
Unlike wolf pups , coyote pups begin seriously fighting ( as opposed to play fighting ) prior to engaging in play behavior .	Plur
The pups attain adult dimensions at eight months , and gain adult weight a month later .	Plur
Bark howls may serve similar functions .	Plur
If working in packs or pairs , coyotes may have access to larger prey than lone individuals normally take , such as various prey weighing more than .	Plur
In some cases , coyotes can bring down prey weighing up to .	Plur
In Death Valley , coyotes may consume great quantities of hawkmoth caterpillars or beetles in the spring flowering months .	Plur
In the eastern Sierra Nevadas , coyotes compete with cougars over mule deer .	Plur
In some areas , coyotes share their ranges with bobcats .	Plur
Coyotes attack bobcats using a bite-and-shake method similar to what is used on medium-sized prey .	Plur
There were two major dispersals from two populations of genetically distinct coyotes .	Plur
In areas of high moisture , such as coastal Texas , coyotes can carry up to 250 hookworms each .	Plur
Non-rabid coyotes in these areas sometimes target small children , mostly under the age of 10 , though some adults have been bitten .	Plur
For example , according to the National Agricultural Statistics Service , coyotes were responsible for 60.5 % of the 224,000 sheep deaths attributed to predation in 2004 .	Plur
Because coyote populations are typically many times greater and more widely distributed than those of wolves , coyotes cause more overall predation losses .	Plur
At one location in Southern California , coyotes began relying on a colony of feral cats as a food source .	Plur
Turkeys are also common in wooded areas and can occasionally be seen on the MKT recreation trail .	Plur
Curbishley rewarded the chairman 's loyalty with the Division One title in 2000 which signalled a return to the Premier League .	Plur
Skis used in cross-country are lighter and narrower than those used in alpine skiing .	Plur
Baskets vary in size , according to the expected softness / firmness of the snow .	Plur
Most Evangelicals agree with the SBC 's position , and some support efforts which specifically seek the Jews ' conversion .	Plur
In 2007 , 190 C-17s were on order for the USAF .	Plur
In 2006 , USAF C-17s flew 15 Canadian Leopard C2 tanks from Kyrgyzstan into Kandahar in support of NATO 's Afghanistan mission .	Plur
The four leased C-17s were to be purchased later in 2008 .	Plur
The wolf-like canids and the South American canids together form the tribe Canini .	Plur
Some five million years later , the carnivorans split into two main divisions : caniforms ( dog-like ) and feliforms ( cat-like ) .	Plur
These early canids probably evolved for the fast pursuit of prey in a grassland habitat ; they resembled modern civets in appearance .	Plur
The slightly curved nails are non-retractile and more-or-less blunt .	Plur
Most canids have 42 teeth , with a dental formula of : .	Plur
Almost all canids are social animals and live together in groups .	Plur
Small and medium-sized canids mostly have a gestation period of 50 to 60 days , while larger species average 60 to 65 days .	Plur
Young canids may take a year to mature and learn the skills they need to survive .	Plur
As a result , Constans took control of his deceased brother 's realms and became sole ruler of the Western two-thirds of the empire .	Plur
Constans was the third and youngest son of Constantine the Great and Fausta , his father 's second wife .	Plur
Constans became engaged to Olympias , the daughter of the Praetorian Prefect Ablabius , but the marriage never came to pass .	Plur
Constans began his reign in an energetic fashion .	Plur
Regarding religion , Constans was tolerant of Judaism and promulgated an edict banning pagan sacrifices in 341 .	Plur
Nevertheless , Constans did sponsor a decree alongside Constantius II that ruled that marriage based on " unnatural " sex should be punished meticulously .	Plur
In the final years of his reign , Constans developed a reputation for cruelty and misrule .	Plur
Those counter-revolutionaries fell under these categories :	Plur
According to cryonicist Aschwin de Wolf and others , cryonics can often produce intense hostility from spouses who are not cryonicists .	Plur
Suggestions by the Advocate General are advisory only , but are generally followed by the court .	Plur
On 22 July 1805 , in the battle of Cape Finisterre the quartermasters of " Indomptable " spotted the British fleet under Sir Robert Calder .	Plur
These outcroppings eliminated protected blind spots , called " dead zones " , and allowed fire along the curtain from positions protected from direct fire .	Plur
The indentations in the base of each point on the star sheltered cannons .	Plur
Amsterdam 's 22 bastions cost 11 million florins , and Siena in 1544 bankrupted itself to pay for its defences .	Plur
The only state capitols taller than it are the non-classical designs of Louisiana and Nebraska , whose governments opted for more modern structures .	Plur
Florida Crackers referred to tomato gravy as red-eye gravy , and prepare it in much the same way by adding flour and tomatoes to bacon grease .	Plur
During the calendar year 2017 , there were 420,571 enplanements and 416,018 deplanements at ILM ; totaling 836,589 passengers .	Plur
The Suntree-Viera Lightning Mighty Mites , an under-10 football team , won the Offense-Defense National Championship in 2009 .	Plur
The middle section slows down the music a little with dream pop , ambient , post-punk and Britpop .	Plur
There are also public conveniences .	Plur
When the lie was revealed , " Heimdall " and the other Asgardians briefly resumed their alien form , but later returned to their Asgardian forms .	Plur
The show 's various lyricists include Siegel , Marshall Barer , Steven Vinaver , and Stephen Sondheim .	Plur
These historical antecedents however make no difference to the people of the chiefdom in terms of their unity and brotherliness .	Plur
The OPS had been helping the local police since 1965 , providing them with weapons and training .	Plur
Just four days before we [ Ortiz and his family ] arrived , the Tupamaros had kidnapped Mitrione during a carefully organized operation against American Embassy officials .	Plur
There were 3 ploughs , 4 serfs , 4 villeins and 10 smallholders .	Plur
Cocks describes it as similar to the Bulgarian one which has a chanter and a bass drone but no tenor drone .	Plur
The Viennese loved Augustin because of his charming humour in bitter times , and they called him ( Dear Augustin ) .	Plur
The F-15s flew low over the shore , and fired precision-guided munitions on the PLO headquarters , a cluster of sand-colored buildings along the seaside .	Plur
Logs mark the location of the original walls , but there are no buildings remaining .	Plur
The sundials are also " message artifacts " something for future human explorers to find .	Plur
The Caicos are not politically independent of the Turks and there remains	Plur
On March 24 , 2008 , the Seattle SuperSonics signed Gill to a ten-day contract , due to a depleted lineup .	Plur
Local guidebooks did not mention it .	Plur
The P-40s were , in actuality detached for airfield defense by the Trinidad Base Command , under which the 99th fell at the time .	Plur
Constant tropical downpours , searing heat , and dripping humidity left the soldiers constantly wet .	Plur
DTS had to buy the LC patents to resolve the issue .	Plur
A rendszer stabilizálása és az új politikai intézmények elfogadása azonban még így is évekig elhúzódott . " "	Plur
Smoothing splines are related to , but distinct from :	Plur
Consonants in parentheses indicate allophones .	Plur
The rishi then advised Rukmini to do Pooja for Lord Shiva 's feet ( Shiva Paada Pooje ) for attaining god 's blessings .	Plur
From there , the Ambonese will walk to the traditional function hall .	Plur
After two years , the papal excommunications and interdicts had also taken their toll , isolating the rebel barons .	Plur
These " seagoing cowboys " made about 360 trips on 73 different ships .	Plur
Masculine absolute state plurals take the forms / -ūma / in the nominative and / -īma / in the genitive and accusative .	Plur
Mahaffey grew up in Conyers , Georgia , where he was the Georgia State 4A soccer Player of the Year at Heritage High School .	Plur
Admissions conform to the regulations laid down by Biju Patnaik University of Technology ( BPUT ) , the technical university of the state of Orissa .	Plur
Heats and final took place on Saturday , August 8 .	Plur
Mules are reluctant to wheel , and the horse-mounted Californios outflanked the Americans and captured one of the unattended howitzers .	Plur
All semifinalists received a special recognition package , with their names announced in a full page USA Today advertisement .	Plur
The Alevis pray in " cemevis " .	Plur
Among the discriminated religious minorities in Turkey are the Alevis , whose " Muslimness " is still unconfirmed .	Plur
An hour later , 200 German infantrymen attacked the post , forcing the Australians to withdraw , and established a bridgehead in the outer defensive line .	Plur
" Drovers " ( those droving or driving livestock ) accompanied their livestock either on foot or on horseback , travelling substantial distances .	Plur
Lieutenant Lysons and the private , undeterred by the death of their leader , immediately sprang forward and cleared the enemy out of their stronghold .	Plur
Since 1 April 2007 , however Special Constables of England & Wales have full police powers throughout those two countries .	Plur
Hoey went to England in 1933 to pursue an army career .	Plur
Crackers In Action ( known as " CIA " ) , founded in 2000 by tKC .	Plur
Releases from maVen stopped when the FBI caught Gérémi Adam , one of its key members .	Plur
Releases by STEAMPUNKS include a license generator which creates a valid hardware ID-based license file .	Plur
Both rangefinders automatically calculate the range to target and feed this information to the crew commander , eliminating the need for rough estimation as before .	Plur
The autocannons have an elevation of + 70 ° and a depression of − 10 ° .	Plur
In course V-201 Galambos focuses on primary property , which in his usage is quite similar to what has been called " intellectual property " .	Plur
The other parachutists committed suicide to avoid capture after an additional four-hour battle with the SS .	Plur
The US slaveholders feared this would encourage other slave ship revolts .	Plur
However , all Commissioner 's Directives must remain within the parameters of the Charter of Rights and Freedoms and the " Corrections and Conditional Release Act " .	Plur
Grievances filed in relation to potential breaches of the union contract have three appeals .	Plur
Such chantries generally had constitutions directing the terms by which priests might be appointed and how they were to be supervised .	Plur
Not only were the Marianas closer to Tokyo , but once in Allied hands they could be supplied and defended more easily than other sites .	Plur
Advance Army Air Forces echelons arrived in India in December 1943 to organize the building of airfields in India and China .	Plur
After Holly 's death , the Crickets released their own version as a single in 1960 .	Plur
Despite using an engine made for shooting , the interface lends itself well to a playing style consisting of running , jumping , and hacking at opponents .	Plur
Along the 10 km coastline , where the Tagus River meets the ocean , several natural coves were at the origin of its beaches :	Plur
Hulls would later become Deputy Premier of Victoria .	Plur
Reservists fought hard during the 1940s and saw action on almost all parts of the country in World War II .	Plur
These high inward remittances have increased the demand of local labour .	Plur
Labourers from Rajasthan sold gadgets at busy traffic junctions in Kochi .	Plur
Chickens and dogs have died from contact with a paper towel on which the more toxic " P. terribilis " had walked .	Plur
Budderball farts after eating some TNT and Seti and Tarik run away frantically , afraid that it might explode .	Plur
The regimen of play , adult conversation and free use of Earlham library was at variance with the Quaker traditions of that period .	Plur
The Nenets believed earth and all living things were created by the god Num and every heavenly sphere is ruled by one son of the Num god .	Plur
The siphons are separate for all their length and have brownish tips where they reach the surface .	Plur
Yaxley made his will on 20 September 1624 , and died between that date and 22 November 1626 , when the will was disputed .	Plur
" Guts " is the second episode of the first season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series " The Walking Dead " .	Plur
Eventually the band ’ s punk inclinations won out .	Plur
Papuans also cite economic issues , stating that the area 's natural resources are exploited exclusively for the benefit of the national capital , Jakarta .	Plur
The poorly written " charter " purports to be extracts from three Latin documents copied by Peire Polhan and Peire Izarn in 1223 or 1233 .	Plur
Other admirals included John Dokas and Constantine Dalassenos .	Plur
In spring 2017 Maas presented the draft for a Network Enforcement Act ( NetzDG ) .	Plur
The liquidators have now applied for further permission to appeal to the Court of Appeal .	Plur
The liquidators brought proceedings against the directors of the company for misfeasance and wrongful trading .	Plur
The liquidators had to establishing insolvency on the balance of probabilities .	Plur
In this case the liquidators had been able to do so , although Registrar Jones had felt their calculations were deficient .	Plur
Dockside power hookups often have integrated or nearby breakers by which the source can be de-energized .	Plur
Metrics important to aquatic life habitat have remained above levels legally mandated or recommended .	Plur
Both hymnals note 1523 as the year of writing .	Plur
Forums for this outreach could include community-wide interventions fostering discussion of healthy and unhealthy relationship practices and prevention programs for HIV / AIDS and STIs .	Plur
The angsty rants of yore remain , but they 're decorated with a lot more poetry .	Plur
In more recent times , the Meadowlands became known for being the site of large landfills and decades of environmental abuse .	Plur
Considered by residents of the area through the centuries as wastelands , the Meadowlands were systematically subject to various kinds of human intervention .	Plur
Even under grave environmental circumstances , the Meadowlands contain many species of fish , crustaceans , and mollusks and are considered to be an important bird habitat .	Plur
These waivers do not mean a school is exempt from the same educational standards set by the state or district .	Plur
Jackstone calculi are rare bladder stones that have an appearance resembling toy jacks .	Plur
The 1820s saw the commencement of the Plymouth Brethren in Dublin , Ireland .	Plur
These two lycées are home to the oldest preparatory classes in France , which are commonly viewed as the most selective in the country .	Plur
The serous cell predominates in the parotid , making the gland secrete a mainly serous secretory product .	Plur
Parotid gland swellings can also be due to benign lymphoepithelial lesions caused by Mikulicz disease and Sjögren syndrome .	Plur
The cetaceans ( whales , dolphins and porpoises ) are marine mammal descendants of land mammals .	Plur
The Galápagos land iguanas comprise the genus Conolophus of the Galápagos Islands .	Plur
Lengths up to 16 feet ( 4.9 m ) are commonly available , though the most common length is 8 feet ( 2.4 m ) .	Plur
" Drywall fasteners " , also referred to as " drywall clips " or " stops " , are gaining popularity in both residential and commercial construction .	Plur
Furthermore , the paper facings and organic additives mixed with the gypsum core are food for mold .	Plur
Drywall 's paper facings are edible to termites , which can eat the paper if they are infesting a wall cavity that is covered with drywall .	Plur
( The fatal blows to Kim were in Rounds 13 and 14 . )	Plur
The wrasses are a family , Labridae , of marine fish , many of which are brightly colored .	Plur
Many smaller wrasses follow the feeding trails of larger fish , picking up invertebrates disturbed by their passing .	Plur
The wrasses have become a primary study species in fish-feeding biomechanics due to their jaw structures .	Plur
Cleaner wrasses are the best-known of the cleaner fish .	Plur
Religious enthusiasms flourished and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints ( Mormons ) was founded in the area by Joseph Smith and his vision .	Plur
English translation : " Aeroplanes are interesting scientific toys , but they are of no military value .	Plur
The Dorians had their own group of dialects , which may or may not have been spoken by given individuals .	Plur
Their retinas generally have both rod cells and cone cells ( for scotopic and photopic vision ) , and most species have colour vision .	Plur
Fishes of the superorder Ostariophysi possess a structure called the Weberian apparatus , a modification which allow them to hear better .	Plur
The ossicles connect the gas bladder wall with Y-shaped lymph sinus that abuts the lymph-filled transverse canal joining the sacculi of the right and left ears .	Plur
In the case of sharks , the testis on the right side is usually larger .	Plur
Under a tough membranous shell , the tunica albuginea , the testis of some teleost fish , contains very fine coiled tubes called seminiferous tubules .	Plur
The ampullae are otherwise essentially identical to the seminiferous tubules in higher vertebrates , including the same range of cell types .	Plur
Vertebrates are the only chordate group to exhibit a proper brain .	Plur
Other chordates do not show any trends towards cephalisation .	Plur
Vimes begins investigating the dragon 's appearances , which leads to an acquaintance with Sybil Ramkin , a breeder of swamp dragons .	Plur
Additionally , autopsies of patients with AKS have showed lesions in both the midline and anterior thalamus , and thalamic infarctions .	Plur
Bilateral infarctions to the thalamus can result in Korsakoff-induced amnesia as well .	Plur
Hot cross buns may go on sale in the United Kingdom , Australia and New Zealand as early as New Year 's Day or after Christmas .	Plur
Respondents indicated that they judged his administration as " negative " for world security .	Plur
His tenets of faith also include the imminent Second Coming of Christ .	Plur
The Austins operated a small store and hotel , Austin House .	Plur
In addition , Clinical Nurse Specialists can certify in adult , neonatal and pediatric acute and critical care ( CCNS ) .	Plur
Most " Lamprotornis " starlings have striking yellow or red irides and some have long tails .	Plur
Nails need to be trimmed regularly and ears need to be cleaned every day to avoid ear infections .	Plur
1884 bis 1888 gehörte er mit Unterbrechungen wieder den Berliner Philharmonikern an , um dann von 1889 bis 1891 als 1 .	Plur
According to this interpretation people who display wealth , good looks , dominance and confidence tend to succeed more in romance than do ' nice guys ' .	Plur
Debaters of Kolej Abdillah also participated in open tournaments , such as the Borneo British Parliamentary Debate Competition , held in UNIMAS , Kota Samarahan .	Plur
On 2 July 2007 , Wesfarmers announced it intended to buy Coles Group for $ 22 billion , the largest take-over bid in Australia .	Plur
The St Helens & District Football Combination is an English football league based in St Helens , Merseyside .	Plur
Chairmen have included Harry Thompson , Arthur Fenton , Gus Atkins , Alf Moran , Gil Ryan , and the present incumbent Eric Bond .	Plur
Older bullfighters distracted the animal to give Mirabal to the time to recover and get back in the fight .	Plur
The term " Falklands " is a standard abbreviation used to refer to the islands .	Plur
After retiring from Northwestern in 1971 , Samuels concentrated exclusively on his writing .	Plur
In 1404 his personal dominions included also Alessandria , Novara and Tortona .	Plur
These collieries and the boat staithes were to be linked by a railway .	Plur
In the 1974 playoffs , the Capitols defeated the Saginaw Gears 4 games to 2 , winning the Turner Cup .	Plur
The Goodies enter their quick-change cupboard , and leave the cupboard in the correct type of clothing for their coming adventure .	Plur
Will the Goodies survive their fate — and what will happen next ?	Plur
Phaedra 's aged nurse interjects that Phaedra should control the passions she feels , for love can be terribly destructive .	Plur
Chandpur may refer to the following places :	Plur
Caledonians joined the Union Army in response to a call for volunteers .	Plur
Owner-operators were primarily Anglo , whereas sharecroppers and farm laborers were Hispanic .	Plur
Developed oilfields in Wood County include the Pine Mills Oilfield and the Alba Oilfield .	Plur
On May 10 , 1938 , Monahans won a contested election to move the county seat from Barstow to Monahans .	Plur
Frémont afterwards went north to recruit more Californians into his battalion .	Plur
Mules began dying and by December 20 , only 59 animals remained alive .	Plur
As open range areas gave way to farming homesteaders who fenced their land , cattlemen found it more difficult to feed their herds .	Plur
The cotton gins eventually failed ; by 1920 , only in Sterling County were planted in cotton .	Plur
On 19 May 1915 , Bivins bought an additional 53,329 LX acres , which included the LX brand .	Plur
Khan 's marauders also brought with them mobile shelters , concubines , butchers , and cooks .	Plur
Almost all the blitzkrieg commanders of World War II , particularly Erwin Rommel , were stormtroopers in World War I .	Plur
In India and Turkey there are still ongoing insurgencies where the rebels use this strategy .	Plur
One saros ( " shar " in Akkadian ) stands for 3600 and hence 18 " sari " was translated as 64,800 years .	Plur
As of 2012 , Vietnamese were the largest group of Asians in Harris County .	Plur
Despite growing white settlements in Texas , Indian tribal presences remained .	Plur
Indigenous paleo-Indian hunter-gatherers were the first inhabitants of the area , thousands of years before European colonization .	Plur
These superheroes turn out to be illusions , however , as only the New Avengers are actually present .	Plur
In UAAP Volleyball , the Tiger Spikers have 19 championships .	Plur
Both the Tiger Spikers and Lady Tiger Cubs recently achieved a three-peat championship winning the 70th , 71st , and 72nd UAAP Seasons .	Plur
The Bards and their horses proceed to the mountains called Osidh Elanor , intending to go beyond them to find the secret of the Treesong .	Plur
Imi flees in the opposite direction , while Maerad , horrified at the sight of Cadvan 's apparent death , lies down in shock .	Plur
In some texts such as by Vedvyasa , ten " pramanas " are discussed , Krtakoti discusses eight epistemically reliable means to correct knowledge .	Plur
The Romantics saw genius as superior to skill , as being far above ability .	Plur
These lower mezzanines are at a slightly lower level than the subway platforms , and have a direct connection to them .	Plur
Christian Stewardship Ministries have been growing in popularity around the United States , seeing a rapid growth in the 2000s and 2010s .	Plur
Homosexual transsexuals are very feminine from a young age .	Plur
These fantasies may focus on a variety of things associated with womanhood , such as anatomy , clothing or behavior .	Plur
By definition , autogynephilic transsexuals are autogynephilic while homosexual transsexuals are androphilic .	Plur
Defeats of Oulart-the Ballagh , St. Martin 's and Faythe Harriers ( twice ) secured four successive championships .	Plur
Dramas can also play around with them " .	Plur
The 24 tandem ankyrin repeats are responsible for the recognition of a wide range of membrane proteins .	Plur
These 24 repeats contain 3 structurally distinct binding sites ranging from repeat 1-14 .	Plur
In the lower course there are thick growths of reed on the banks of the river , which is at this point 2 – 4 m deep .	Plur
Troubadour is a 1976 album by J. J. Cale , his fourth since his debut in 1972 .	Plur
About twenty carloads of Longhorns from Texas left the rail yard at Abilene , Kansas on the Kansas Pacific Railroad destined for the Chicago Stock Yards .	Plur
In the United States , there are around 1,200 roasters .	Plur
Roasters have the highest profit margin in the commodity chain .	Plur
Large roasters normally sell pre-packaged coffee to large retailers , such as Maxwell House , Folgers and Millstone .	Plur
The asuras well-entrenched in their aerial cities would mount attacks on the devas ( gods ) and the rishis ( sages ) , and harass them .	Plur
Indonesian Atheists ( IA ) is a community that accommodates atheists , agnostics , and irreligious in Indonesia .	Plur
Wilders quickly distanced himself from Breivik and denounced him as " violent and sick " .	Plur
Antelias Cave was a large cave located east of Antelias , northeast of Beirut close to the wadi of Ksar Akil .	Plur
Since many passers reported of curing their illness and diseases after tasting this nectar , the word spread swiftly to entire village and its neighborhood .	Plur
" Hades 2 " was Espaço Informática 's biggest hit , selling over 50,000 copies in Brazil with additional distribution in Europe .	Plur
Sea urchins are close relatives of starfish , crinoids , brittle stars and sea cucumbers , all being echinoderms ( ' spiny skins ' ) .	Plur
In some families there are sometimes some tiny eyespots .	Plur
The oesophagus is evertable forming a sac-like proboscis which may have several finger-like lobes .	Plur
Sars found fish eggs , particularly cod eggs , drifting in the water .	Plur
Through their collaborative efforts , the Rothschilds rose to prominence in a variety of banking endeavours including loans , government bonds and trading in bullion .	Plur
Movie Greats Of The 60s is a studio album recorded by U. S. Entertainer Connie Francis .	Plur
There are two four-light casements flanking the chimney .	Plur
The windows were of 6 / 6 thin muntin double-hung sash with an alteration on the east facade of 4 / 1 sash .	Plur
There are 46 academicians who graduated from the institution .	Plur
These casks often weighed up to 1000 pounds .	Plur
" Ramphocelus " tanagers hunt at forest edges or in second growth , taking insects in flight or picking them from leaves	Plur
Seafarers from Trincomalee may have reached New Zealand during the period of increased trade between the Vanni country and South East Asia .	Plur
The Howards may have sought to recreate the influence gained during Queen Anne 's reign .	Plur
There are no other plausible likenesses of her to compare to .	Plur
According to one source , it was only by the entreaties of Emperor Wilhelm I that a separation never occurred .	Plur
There are numerous fire extinguishers placed in the area to put out flames should a protester attempt self-immolation .	Plur
For example , in the Harz Mountains of Germany , charcoal burners lived in conical huts called " Köten " which are still much in evidence today .	Plur
Charcoal briquettes can burn up to approximately with a forced air blower forge .	Plur
One Minute Wonders is a factual television series for children produced by Unique TV for CBBC .	Plur
The Palais now houses the Sozialgericht Oldenburg .	Plur
Warnes proved to be quite talented , becoming a well-regarded generalist mage before the age of thirty .	Plur
Warnes helped retrieve the " Crook of Rao " from the Isle of the Ape , thwarting the machinations of Iggwilv .	Plur
13 Starters and 38 lettermen returned .	Plur
At the conclusion of the first 100 days , over 100 federal judgeships remained vacant .	Plur
Bonney continued to be involved in fighting against criminal elements both outside and within the Nauvoo Mormon community .	Plur
Bernard 's " Praises on the Virgin Mother " was a small but complete treatise on Mariology .	Plur
In later years , the Territorials used the area for shooting practice .	Plur
Because the Territorials didn 't want water on the land they used to pump it into the river .	Plur
A few local birders still sometimes pump out water into the river to keep the pools low to attract waders .	Plur
Wild boars have a roughly egg-sized sack near the opening of the penis , which collects urine and emits a sharp odour .	Plur
Male cetaceans ( whales , dolphins , and porpoises ) have two slits , the genital groove concealing the penis and one further behind for the anus .	Plur
Raccoons have penis bones which bend at a 90 degree angle at the tip .	Plur
Unlike other squirrel species , red squirrels have long , thin , and narrow penises , without a prominent baculum .	Plur
During paradoxical sleep , no erections occur , and the penile muscles share the characteristics of the rest of the body .	Plur
In this state , tardigrades decrease their bodily water to about 1 – 3 % wt . / wt .	Plur
Mallrats shows the character Brodie ( Jason Lee ) playing an ice hockey game on the Sega Genesis game console .	Plur
His Misfits have recorded the song " I Wanna Be a New York Ranger " .	Plur
Shiels played for St. Helens from the interchange bench in their 2002 Super League Grand Final victory against the Bradford Bulls .	Plur
More often than not bombardments and aerial attack damaged the track rather than the train directly .	Plur
Leir went to the National Defence College in 1967 and to National Defence Headquarters as a Director General in 1968 .	Plur
Leir died on May 28 , 2015 .	Plur
However , the Bills ' 45 takeaways on defense led the league in 1975 .	Plur
Examinations of the photographs have suggested that the document is in John Taylor 's handwriting .	Plur
Episcopalians living nearby met in makeshift quarters and were anxious to build a church .	Plur
Stiles lived in the house while serving as a minister for 20 years at the Second Congregational Church on Clarke Street .	Plur
Stiles owned a slave boy that he acquired through an investment in a slaving expedition .	Plur
Stiles freed his slave when he left Newport to serve at Yale in 1777 .	Plur
Beginning June 22 , the Marias performed live in Toronto every Sunday night .	Plur
Residences on the eastern side of the district are long and are affected by the creekbed that runs by the district .	Plur
The National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association inducted Allen into its Hall of Fame in 1972 .	Plur
At the time , iron was one of the most important metals worldwide , and Meroitic metalworkers were among the best in the world .	Plur
Among Merino bloodlines stemming from Vermont in the USA , three historical studs were highly important : Infantado , Montarcos and Aguires .	Plur
Macarthur pioneered the introduction of Saxon Merinos with importation from the Electoral flock in 1812 .	Plur
In Australia today , a few Saxon and other fine-wool , German bloodline , Merino studs exist in the high rainfall areas .	Plur
Classical Arminians and most Wesleyans would consider this a straw man description , as they have historically affirmed the Reformed doctrine of total depravity .	Plur
For this reason , many Arminians do not view the term " synergism " as an accurate description of their theology .	Plur
The two male cubs , Kaba and Sabu are part of the Association of Zoos & Aquariums ( AZA ) Species Survival Plan ( SSP ) Program .	Plur
Abnormalities in this gene occur in some hereditary forms of thrombocytosis ( high platelet count ) and in some cases of leukemia .	Plur
The landmines have a battery and when the battery dies , the landmine self-destructs .	Plur
In the 1990 elections the Reformists won control of the municipality being the only municipality in Bosnia where non-nationalists won .	Plur
Desserts in Latin America are generally very sweet in taste .	Plur
Belizeans of all ethnicities eat a wide variety of foods .	Plur
Bartels had already formed Aero Cool to sell air conditioners for the various Lancair models .	Plur
The minicomputers would serve as the network 's nodes , running a program to route data .	Plur
For example , " five euros " is the denomination of a five euro note .	Plur
In Czech , there are two contrasting alveolar trills .	Plur
Welsh band Stereophonics played a concert at the stadium on 31 July 1999 .	Plur
The Ghassanids were not unmindful of the danger Khalid 's entry into Syria posed for them .	Plur
Profiles supported in the OS include GAP , OBEX , SPP , AVRCP , GAVDP , PAN and PBAP .	Plur
Other Constables arrived shortly afterwards , also the Local Inspr .	Plur
Independence-minded khans created their own domains in cities like Kashgar and Turfan .	Plur
The Moghul Khans considered themselves heir to Mongol traditions and called themselves " Mongghul Uls " , from which the Persian term " Moghulistan " comes .	Plur
Ming Dynasty Mandarins called the Moghuls " the Mongol tribes ( ) in Beshbalik " .	Plur
As a result , the Moghuls generally stayed out of the region and it was a poor source of manpower .	Plur
The Dughlat amirs or leaders from the Naqshbandi Islamic order administered these towns in the name of the Moghul khans until 1514 .	Plur
The Moghuls more directly governed Nanjiang after they lost Moghulistan itself .	Plur
As a result , the Moghuls became direct neighbors of Ming China .	Plur
The Uyghur khans had voluntarily become Mongol vassals during the reign of Genghis Khan and as a result were allowed to retain their territories .	Plur
The Moghuls had sent an unsuccessful supplication to the Hongwu Emperor of China pleading for help , as Tamerlane had also wanted to conquer China .	Plur
During the 15th century the Moghuls had to deal with several enemy incursions by the Oirats , Timurids and Uzbeks .	Plur
During the fifteenth century the Moghul khans became increasingly Turkified .	Plur
The khans also adopted the Islamic sharia in favor of the Mongol Yassa .	Plur
The Khans increasingly gave up secular power to the khojas , until they were the effectively the governing power in Kashgaria .	Plur
These 4 Cs describe " characteristics of good legal writing style " in the United States .	Plur
By rite , most Chechens are Qadiris , with a considerable Nakshbandi minority .	Plur
Within the SIRENA project , under the auspices of the European research initiative ITEA , Schneider Electric produced an early DPWS implementation targeted at embedded devices .	Plur
The Osmonds performed a cover of " Through the Years " .	Plur
The Creators traces the creative process from pre-history Egypt to modern times and like The Discoverers , follows both a topical and chronological structure .	Plur
The school excels in Academic result and has been producing extraordinary result in CBSE Class X & XII examination .	Plur
Large goods consignments were wood for shoring up mines from the Lenz company , bicycles from the Schwarz company and goods from the Schöffler paint factory .	Plur
The Lysanders made armed reconnaissance flights over France until 2 Squadron moved out on June 8th .	Plur
" Pigeons & Planes " placed the remix on its Best Songs of the Week list for 15 September 2017 .	Plur
Blacking lapels , cuffs and collars piped white with brass buttons .	Plur
Black lapels and cuffs piped white , white collars piped black with brass buttons .	Plur
Black lapels and cuffs piped white , white collars piped black with white metal buttons .	Plur
Red lapels , cuffs and collars piped white with brass buttons .	Plur
Red lapels , cuffs and collars piped white with white metal buttons .	Plur
Sky blue lapels , cuffs and collars piped white with white metal buttons .	Plur
Green lapels and cuffs piped white , white collars piped green with brass buttons .	Plur
Sky Blue lapels and cuffs piped white , white collars piped sky blue with white metal buttons .	Plur
Green lapels and cuffs piped white , white collars piped green with white metal buttons .	Plur
" PDGFRA " -associated eosinophilic neoplasms are the most common forms of clonal eosinophilia , accounting for some 40 % to 50 % of all cases .	Plur
Like the latter neoplasm , hematologic neoplasms cause by " ETV6-JAK2 " and " BCR-JAK2 " are aggressive and progress rapidly .	Plur
The billions spent to fight it are wasted dollars . "	Plur
Soumya whispers complaints about Harish to Yeman .	Plur
The Musgraves more or less adhered to a prevailing law of the day that prohibited , except on licence , marriage between English and Scottish borderers .	Plur
Nevertheless , Catholic sympathisers called Jacobites championed the Stuart cause for the next half-century .	Plur
Rent 12L 16s od Eng .	Plur
Most insecticides for use in a garden can kill the larvae .	Plur
Adventure Capitalists is an American reality television series that premiered on August 22 , 2016 , on CNBC .	Plur
Common byproducts of the alpha-hydroxylation tend to include overoxidation to the corresponding dicarbonyl or intermolecular aldol reaction of the starting material .	Plur
In 1985 the Steffens asked a number of different designers to provide preliminary designs for a boat in the same class .	Plur
A disappointed Tommy enlists in the Army and leaves for a year .	Plur
600,000 cartons of ' Midknight ' oranges alone were set to arrive in the U.S in 2011 which was 60,000 more cartons than were shipped in 2010 .	Plur
The cattlemen were responding to the perceived threats posed by smaller settlers in the state .	Plur
Towneley married his second cousin Mary Fitzherbert , the third of six children of Cuthbert Fitzherbert , from a well-off recusant English Roman Catholic family .	Plur
In 1833 the childless Dyers had a boy named Samuel .	Plur
The Dyers established 2 schools with the curriculum including : reading , writing , sewing and embroidery .	Plur
The Dyers went on furlough from 1839 to 1842 .	Plur
The Dyers remained in England until 1841 when they left again for the Ultra-Ganges Mission , this time to Singapore .	Plur
The windscreens have mesh fences at various points .	Plur
The windscreens have mesh fences at various points .	Plur
Grooves on the side of the skull indicate that " Greererpeton " had lateral lines , sensory organs commonly found only in fish and aquatic stem-tetrapods .	Plur
The stapes bone at the rear of the skull is massive , probably used as a support for the skull .	Plur
The thick stapes of " Greererpeton " is an indication that did not have good hearing like terrestrial animals .	Plur
Mapungubwe was the center of a kingdom with about 5,000 people living at its center .	Plur
Mapungubwe as a trade center lasted between 1030 and 1290 AD .	Plur
Mapungubwe predates the settlements at Great Zimbabwe , Thulamela and Dzata .	Plur
These basses are extremely rare .	Plur
The show 's big budget car chases and explosions were in part sourced from scenes from feature films also produced by PM Entertainment .	Plur
Journeys to Marylebone take about 55 minutes or 45 minutes for express trains , of which there is one per day .	Plur
Journeys to Aylesbury take about 5 minutes .	Plur
Journeys to Marylebone take about 50 minutes ( 40 minutes for express trains ) .	Plur
Journeys to Aylesbury take about 10 minutes .	Plur
Journeys to Marylebone take about 45 minutes ( 35 minutes for express trains ) .	Plur
Journeys to Aylesbury take about 15 minutes .	Plur
The first documentations about Candamo are from the 11th century and was found in an Monasterys Archive .	Plur
There are now two ploughs in demesne and four villans and five bordars with one plough and one mill rendering 5 shillings have one plough .	Plur
Ladas ( Λαδάς ) is a small village in Greece , part of the municipality Kalamata , Messenia .	Plur
Annual passenger boardings have fallen below one million in recent years and were recorded at 990,000 in 2004 / 05 .	Plur
There are 520,000 boardings per year at this station .	Plur
There were 470,000 boardings at this station in the 12 months ending on 31 March 2005 .	Plur
Tolls on SR 167 are variable and must be paid by using Good to Go .	Plur
Tolls on the SR 520 bridge are variable depending on time of day .	Plur
Cytomegalovirus retinitis is an important cause of blindness in AIDS patients , and is the most common cause of vision loss in AIDS patients .	Plur
On the other hand , CMV retinitis develops from a viral infection in the retina .	Plur
While supplements may help lessen the symptoms , retinitis itself is not curable .	Plur
Series resistors are a simple way to passively stabilize the LED current .	Plur
At some point these shoals move on shore to spawn where aggregations can reach million of individuals .	Plur
When the opponent weakens from exhaustion / asphyxiation one should then consider the following options .	Plur
The Peacekeepers is a 1988 " " novel by Gene DeWeese .	Plur
" D. brevirostris " was similar to " D. magnicornis " , although it was significantly more rare .	Plur
Some prehistoric Hill Forts and Dolmen are still visitable in the municipality 's territory .	Plur
His imprisonments and activities greatly fragmented Maeve Brennan 's childhood .	Plur
Clergy are of the Ministry of the Society of Christ Fathers to Polish Migrants ,	Plur
Tacfarinas could not defeat the Romans in conventional military operations such as pitched battles and sieges .	Plur
Moreover , Tacfarinas now started posing as the leader of a war of national liberation .	Plur
Acting on strict orders , the Roman centurions directed their men against Tacfarinas himself .	Plur
Selectors did not lose their faith on him and he again featured for Nepal in the 2006 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka .	Plur
Nine real ales are always available on the bar , as well as at least 8 proper ciders and perries .	Plur
The Orchestras of Australia Network voted the KPO as Australia 's Community Orchestra of the Year in 2002 , 2004 and 2007 .	Plur
These anxieties then break to the surface after the couple experience anti-Jewish prejudice at an English restaurant .	Plur
" Sunglasses At Night " is a song by British grime artist , Skepta .	Plur
National Counter-Terrorism Exercises are an exercise program involving the Australian Federal Government and all States and Territories designed to test Australia ’ s counter-terrorism response arrangements .	Plur
The Winged Wonders has a walk through aviary .	Plur
Lifeguards and seal advocates monitor the beach area .	Plur
" Nes " ( נֵס , nês ) , from which " nissi " now understood to be derived , means " banner " in Hebrew .	Plur
Young Liberians encountered more influences from the western world during and after World War II .	Plur
These sample timetables give an idea of how the speed and calling points of the train have changed over the years .	Plur
During the 1980 All-Filipino Conference , the Redmanizers held a 19-game winning streak , the most by any PBA team in a conference .	Plur
The first two octets of the tag are the Tag Protocol Identifier ( TPID ) value of 0x8100 .	Plur
Earlier the OAS issued a resolution calling the combatants to end all hostilities .	Plur
Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , thus stated :	Plur
The Stingrays play their senior home games at Bice Oval , Christies Beach , South Australia .	Plur
Ever since their launch , PEL air conditioners have a leading position in the market .	Plur
Like air conditioners , PEL 's refrigerators are also in great demand .	Plur
The weaknesses of this method are in isolating the Poincaré section and in calculating the precise perturbations necessary to attain stability .	Plur
Female heiresses subsequently brought the Erle / Ernle estates to various other families .	Plur
At dusk the flock disperses and night sees most activity with individual birds hunting a variety of insect prey .	Plur
Inland dotterels form monogamous pairs when breeding , and both birds care for the young .	Plur
After 1880 , repeated anti-Jewish pogroms in Russia alienated American elite and public opinion .	Plur
Its claspers have areas of bristles on them and are somewhat short and thin .	Plur
Transverse fasciae are pale green and irregular .	Plur
The pamphlets used English to brand expressions and people as hostile to Wales and the Welsh language .	Plur
An advantage Iontcheva cites of having juries come together to deliberate on sentences is that the jurors may alter their preferences in the light of new perspectives .	Plur
Downey supported Fianna Fáil upon its foundation in 1926 .	Plur
The internodes are long and are all shorter than the leaves except the upper internodes which are very slightly longer .	Plur
There are 5 stamen fascicles each with 15-30 stamens .	Plur
In 1955 , SWE released a 40-page report entitled " Women in Engineering " , aimed at influencing how female engineers were viewed by the public .	Plur
The 1968 Winternationals was Warren 's best event yet .	Plur
The 1973 Winternationals saw Warren qualify # 27 .	Plur
Sogdian Deities , or Sogdian Daēnās ( ; ) is a 10th-century line drawing discovered by the French Orientalist Paul Pelliot at the Mogao Caves .	Plur
The inferiors are as long as the superiors .	Plur
The Dinos compete in the North Division of the Liga de Fútbol Americano Profesional , the top American football league in Mexico .	Plur
The Dinos lost the Tazón México to the Mayas 18 – 24 , played at the Estadio Jesús Martínez " Palillo " in Mexico City .	Plur
The Dinos had a 4 – 3 regular season record , qualifying to the playoffs for second consecutive season , this time as division leader .	Plur
The Turkmens proved unruly and Atiyya subsequently had the " ahdath " of Aleppo pillage Ibn Khan ’ s camp in al-Hadir .	Plur
The Fatimids formally recognized the division of the Mirdasid emirate reached in 1065 .	Plur
The flowering racemes are long and bear between five and thirty five yellow to greenish yellow , waxy , cup-shaped flowers that are wide .	Plur
Preachers of the Bábi faith , like Mullah Hussein Bushru 'i , took copies of the essay and distributed it outside of Shiraz .	Plur
The Samaritans of Singapore ( SOS ) is a non denominational , non-profit suicide prevention centre .	Plur
The Terraces significantly form part of a row of terraces ( Nos .	Plur
The Terraces are aesthetically significant as good and largely intact examples of Federation multistorey residential development that retain their original form , fabric and detailing .	Plur
The Terraces significantly form part of a row of terraces ( Nos .	Plur
The Terraces are a rare example of an early 20th century public housing scheme designed by the NSW Government Architects Branch and constructed in The Rocks .	Plur
Amorpha nitens , known as shining false indigo , is a species of flowering plant in the pea family .	Plur
Bartels serves on the Committee on Appropriations , the Government Operations and Audit committee , and the Joint Committee on Appropriations .	Plur
The cohesiveness and self-sufficiency of this group did much to ensure the success of the settlement .	Plur
The Sorbs lived to the east of the Saxon Saale .	Plur
The encapsulated fullerenes have diameters close to that of C and form a chain inside the tube .	Plur
The quirky Ranchod disapproves of Tom and gives him an ultimatum to return his money in two weeks .	Plur
" Two penises " or " double penis " can refer to :	Plur
LLCs do not have shareholders or issue shares , but they have members who make contributions in return for their interest as members .	Plur
The previously evicted HouseGuests will then determine which of the two remaining players will win the grand prize .	Plur
All these misunderstandings take place and finally both Samar and Lakshmi clear all them and prepare for their wedding .	Plur
For Chinese people luxuries are still very much a ´ fetish ´ from ´ abroad ´ .	Plur
Stéphanie Borchers ( born 3 May 1989 ) is a German professional racing cyclist .	Plur
Baskets , masks and feather work typify the collection .	Plur
Alfred Noyes ( 1835 – 30 September 1902 ) was an Australian cricketer .	Plur
Lycée La Bourdonnais ( LLB ) is a French international school in Curepipe , Mauritius .	Plur
Riggs got back the lead on the 131st lap by taking only fuel .	Plur
Rodrigues was the co-founder of " Perspektief - Art Foundation " , and responsible for programming the exhibitions of the gallery .	Plur
TVA Nouvelles is the news division of TVA , a francophone broadcast television network in Canada .	Plur
Wide road verges exist between the sidewalk and roadway .	Plur
Dumars played high school football and basketball for the Natchitoches Central High School Chiefs .	Plur
Dumars played for the Northeast Louisiana Indians from 1975 to 1979 .	Plur
Dumars began his coaching career for Tallulah High School in Tallulah , Louisiana in 1987 .	Plur
Dumars joined the Lamar Cardinals basketball staff as an assistant coach in August , 2018 .	Plur
Wilders is currently on an Al-Qaeda hit-list following the release of " Fitna " , a 2008 short film that he wrote .	Plur
In " Ek Thi Reeta " , Shorey tried to repeat the success of " Ek Thi Ladki " by using the same story .	Plur
At large doses , convulsions result , and death usually occurs in extensor spasms .	Plur
Cries and Whispers is a live album by bassist Dominic Duval recorded in 1999 and released on the Cadence Jazz label .	Plur
For gays , and there are gays who are fathers , who are mothers .	Plur
With that , Productores de Música de España ( PROMUSICAE ) granted the album a Gold certification for its sales of 20,000 copies in Spain .	Plur
The Red Warblers only lasted through the 2009 season .	Plur
Its first operational summons was in October that year , when it was moved to Cyprus aboard two aircraft carriers , and then on to Egypt .	Plur
Reliefs were 1st Battalion King 's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry and 1st Battalion The Rifle Brigade .	Plur
When Sylar summons a parking meter with his telekinesis and strikes Peter down , Niki disarms him and slams his torso with the weapon .	Plur
Blacksmiths , potters , weavers and other masters show their crafts to public and create works of art in front of your eyes .	Plur
Lebanese winemakers have favored French grapes , particularly Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot and Rhone varietals such as Cinsaut , Carignan and Grenache .	Plur
The historian Doukas , writing c . AD 1460 , makes a detailed account for the " Creation Era " .	Plur
There were 10.5 million Naver Cafes running in May 2017 , making Naver the most visited Cafe platform in the country .	Plur
As he attempts to have them tossed into the ocean , chains and all , the shipmates revolt .	Plur
The assembly partakes in bible study , lectures , and discussions , and also hosts concerts .	Plur
In fact the OED cites first uses in English of 1715 about the languages , and 1819 about the architectural style .	Plur
As military flight instrumentation advanced , Astronautics began competing for the Cathode Ray Tube ( CRT ) technology that was being applied to aircraft instrumentation .	Plur
Astronautics then also developed the Head Up Display for both the A-10 Aircraft and the Shuttle trainer aircraft .	Plur
Astronautics then supplied medical monitors for CAT scanners and also supplied displays to NASA for the mission control center in Houston , Texas .	Plur
Astronautics then made developments in flat panel displays and digital avionics .	Plur
after acquiring Kearfott Guidance & Navigation Corporation in 1988 , Astronautics provided inertial navigation systems for space and maritime use .	Plur
Instead , Gompers led the AFL executive council in demanding that the BTD reinstate the carpenters ' union .	Plur
His good looks and slim build made him popular with female sumo fans , and he was sometimes called " the Alain Delon of Japan . "	Plur
Therefore , in persons with genuine odor complaints , the distress and concern may typically be out of proportion to the reality of the problem .	Plur
During the academic year 1887 / 1888 there were no deputations to campuses , as Wilder and Forman chose to commence their theological training .	Plur
These “ old timers ” as Yellowtail called them , taught him to know and to love the traditional spirituality of his ancestors .	Plur
Thus , seven caskets of Spanish gold arrived in Scotland .	Plur
After her death in 1906 , Baddeley remarried Florence Bertha Mathews , daughter of Joseph Douglas Mathews on 25 July 1912 .	Plur
At that time , the Kinks were at the height of the fame , and the Pretenders were achieving international success .	Plur
Successful Royal Navy test firings had occurred in 2000 , 2005 , 2009 and 2012 .	Plur
Camrose had agreed to close his Bristol title in return for Rothermere 's agreement to close his title in Newcastle , leaving Bristol with just one paper .	Plur
Other than their role in winning the game , luxuries confer no benefit to the player , and cost the player money whenever taxes are collected .	Plur
In order to stress conservation issues , many large zoos stopped the practice of having animals perform tricks for visitors .	Plur
Modern zoos also aim to help teach visitors the importance on animal conservation , often through letting visitors witness the animals firsthand .	Plur
Some zoos have walk-through exhibits where visitors enter enclosures of non-aggressive species , such as lemurs , marmosets , birds , lizards , and turtles .	Plur
Some zoos keep animals in larger , outdoor enclosures , confining them with moats and fences , rather than in cages .	Plur
Since they are sometimes less regulated , roadside zoos are often subject to accusations of neglect and cruelty .	Plur
Besides conservation of captive species , large zoos may form a suitable environment for wild native animals such as herons to live in or visit .	Plur
Zoos can be internment camps for animals , but also a place of refuge .	Plur
However , when zoos take time to think about the animal 's welfare , zoos can become a place of refuge .	Plur
Additionally , zoos in North America may choose to pursue accreditation by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums ( AZA ) .	Plur
This was Bangladesh 's first first-innings lead in 22 Test matches .	Plur
Starting with " Soul Edge " , Cervantes had peach skin , long white hair with a violet tint and blue eyes and sported a full mustache .	Plur
Pastures of Plenty headliners included Stoney LaRue ( Thursday ) , Ellis Paul ( Friday ) , and Jimmy LaFave ( Saturday ) .	Plur
The exclaves of South Hornsey effectively cut off the south-eastern section of Stoke Newington from the rest of the parish .	Plur
The first enlargements took place between 1843 and 1848 , under the supervision of Alfred Barrett .	Plur
Distant metastases to the lung are most common .	Plur
For small glottic tumours further imaging may be unnecessary .	Plur
At 37.4 volts two distinct glows will be visible : one midway between the cathode and grid , and one right at the accelerating grid .	Plur
Serapis may also refer to :	Plur
Many modern werewolves are also supposedly immune to damage caused by ordinary weapons , being vulnerable only to silver objects ( usually a bullet or blade ) .	Plur
Robarts thus proposed that Ontario would have its own flag and that it would be a Red Ensign like the previous Canadian flag .	Plur
The Carmelites refer to her under the title " Our Lady of Mount Carmel , " and celebrate 16 July as her feast day .	Plur
There are monthly beach cleans carried out alone the Whitstable sea front .	Plur
The Slopes are home to the largest population in England of the rare Hog ’ s Fennel .	Plur
The two Bonneville powerhouses generate about 5 billion kWh of electricity each year .	Plur
Les Ballets Quebec ( 1948 – 51 ) was a short-lived ballet corps founded by Gérald Crevier .	Plur
Zellers closed on December 12 , 2012 to make room for Target on the Fall 2013 .	Plur
The NLRP1 protein interacts strongly with caspase 2 and weakly with caspase 9 .	Plur
The car 's principle demerits were its " bland " " inappropriately conservative styling " and the dashboard which was " diabolical to use . "	Plur
Against : Lacks hatchback ; 2.0 litre ( now finished ) was a better thing .	Plur
LIM and senescent cell antigen-like-containing domain protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " LIMS1 " gene .	Plur
The other two gazebos center the large gardens on each side of the allée , and are placed directly opposite from each other to imply a cross-axis .	Plur
The gene product interacts with the polycomb group proteins BMI1 , EDR1 , and CBX4 , and colocalizes with these proteins in large nuclear domains .	Plur
As is typical for genes encoding ribosomal proteins , there are multiple processed pseudogenes of this gene dispersed through the genome .	Plur
As is typical for genes encoding ribosomal proteins , there are multiple processed pseudogenes of this gene dispersed through the genome .	Plur
Labdanum exudes from the rock rose bush naturally without any incisions being made .	Plur
There are several contraindications for air polishing .	Plur
Precautions include ; teeth without existing stain , newly erupted teeth , tooth decalcification , hypo-calcification , hypoplasia , demineralization , rampant caries .	Plur
Pests are becoming resistant to pesticides , or pesticides may be killing off the useful and necessary insects .	Plur
Both opposites and cell respiration are important elements of cell death pathways and have underlying mechanistic roles in ischemia-reperfusion injury .	Plur
The panicles are loose , open and nodding .	Plur
The upper sheaths are smooth and strongly nerved , and the lower sheaths are glabrous or slightly pubescent .	Plur
The panicles are long and wide with spreading or ascending branches .	Plur
Victor J. Menezes ( born 14 May 1949 ) is a banker .	Plur
Menezes was the Chairman of the Clearing House Association ; serves as a trustee of the Asia Society , the Eisenhower Fellowships and the American India Foundation .	Plur
These ligands can be structurally diverse and form van der Waals bonds to the surface of the superpocket .	Plur
Fire extinguishers manufactured with non-cylindrical pressure vessels also exist but are less common .	Plur
Stored pressure fire extinguishers are the most common type .	Plur
Cartridge-operated extinguishers contain the expellant gas in a separate cartridge that is punctured prior to discharge , exposing the propellant to the extinguishing agent .	Plur
Handheld extinguishers weigh from , and are hence , easily portable by hand .	Plur
The vapor and combustion by-products of all vaporizing liquids were highly toxic and could cause death in confined spaces .	Plur
Fire extinguishers are sometimes a target of vandalism in schools and other open spaces .	Plur
Adey made 381 appearances for Leicester between 1965 – 81 .	Plur
Adey made his debut for Leicester Tigers on Wednesday 8 March 1967 in a 14 – 6 win against Loughborough Colleges at Welford Road .	Plur
Adey won his two international caps for in the 1976 .	Plur
Adey started the final as Tigers won their first national cup , a 15 – 12 win against Moseley .	Plur
GPs are leaving the profession because they feel the government undervalues them , and they feel the government pushes too much work onto them .	Plur
There were 33,302 GPs in England in October 2017 , and 34,495 the previous year .	Plur
Assaults on NHS staff have increased , there were 56,435 recorded physical assaults on staff in 2016-2017 , 9.7 % more than the 51,447 the year before .	Plur
For those who already receive certain means-tested benefits , or who otherwise qualify , participating opticians use tables to find the amount of the subsidy .	Plur
Regional lotteries were also common for fundraising , and in 1988 , a National Health Service Lottery was approved by the government , before being found illegal .	Plur
Seven tenths of smokers say they want to stop and those offered help are four times more likely to stop permanently .	Plur
Assaults on staff have risen from 33,620 in 2012-13 to 42,692 in 2016-17 .	Plur
Typical French seasonings for chicken soup includes : bay leaves , fresh thyme , dry white wine and garlic .	Plur
In addition , legumes have heavy tap roots that burrow deep into the ground , lifting soil for better tilth and absorption of water .	Plur
The Convention obliges states to allow parents to exercise their parental responsibilities .	Plur
The English lordships in Ireland were in danger of being overrun , and the Anglo-Irish lords were pleading for the king to intervene .	Plur
Oats are a nutrient-rich food associated with lower blood cholesterol when consumed regularly .	Plur
Oats have numerous uses in foods ; most commonly , they are rolled or crushed into oatmeal , or ground into fine oat flour .	Plur
Oats are also an ingredient in many cold cereals , in particular muesli and granola .	Plur
Oats are also widely used there as a thickener in soups , as barley or rice might be used in other countries .	Plur
Oats are 66 % carbohydrates , including 11 % dietary fiber and 4 % beta-glucans , 7 % fat and 17 % protein ( table ) .	Plur
Oats , after corn ( maize ) , have the highest lipid content of any cereal , i.e .	Plur
Oats are the only cereal containing a globulin or legume-like protein , avenalin , as the major ( 80 % ) storage protein .	Plur
Oats are cold-tolerant and are unaffected by late frosts or snow .	Plur
Oats remove substantial amounts of nitrogen from the soil .	Plur
Oats are relatively free from diseases and pests with the exception being leaf diseases , such as leaf rust and stem rust .	Plur
The unsized oat groats pass through a heat and moisture treatment to balance moisture , but mainly to stabilize them .	Plur
Oats begin to show signs of enzymatic rancidity within four days of being dehulled if not stabilized .	Plur
Most very small turnips ( also called " baby turnips " ) are specialty varieties .	Plur
As a root crop , turnips grow best in cool weather ; hot temperatures cause the roots to become woody and bad-tasting .	Plur
In the United States , turnips are the same , but swedes are usually called rutabagas .	Plur
In Nordic countries , turnips provided the staple crop before their replacement by the potato in the 18th century .	Plur
All wild hedgehogs can hibernate , though not all do , depending on temperature , species , and abundance of food .	Plur
In addition , hedgehogs are one of four known mammalian groups with mutations that protect against another snake venom , α-neurotoxin .	Plur
Although traditionally classified in the now abandoned order Insectivora , hedgehogs are omnivorous .	Plur
The quills emerge through the skin after they have been cleaned , or it falls off .	Plur
In Ireland , hedgehogs are one of the most common mammalian road fatalities .	Plur
Domesticated hedgehogs can get their head stuck in tubes ( commonly , toilet paper tubes ) and walk around with it on their head .	Plur
Curiously , some hedgehogs still knowingly get themselves stuck for a few hours .	Plur
Other pasture forbs are also sometimes a part of the mix , though these plants are not necessarily desired as certain forbs are toxic to some animals .	Plur
Haystacks are also sometimes called haycocks ; among some users this term refers more specifically to small piles of cut-and-gathered hay awaiting stacking into larger stacks .	Plur
Haystacks are also sometimes called stooks , shocks , or ricks .	Plur
Haystacks produce internal heat due to bacterial fermentation .	Plur
Balanced weaves are also possible on the backstrap loom .	Plur
In modern history , orators such as Henry Clay would mimic Demosthenes 's technique .	Plur
In the end , sixty-one orations attributed to Demosthenes survived till the present day ( some however are pseudonymous ) .	Plur
In addition to the speeches , there are fifty-six prologues ( openings of speeches ) .	Plur
h . Aeschines maintained that Demosthenes was bribed to drop his charges against Meidias in return for a payment of thirty mnai .	Plur
ATMs may be on- and off-premises .	Plur
ATMs have yet to reach high numbers in the Near East and Africa .	Plur
To protect against hackers , ATMs have a built-in firewall .	Plur
ATMs can also act as an advertising channel for other companies .	Plur
Tierney said , " We would participate as Philadelphia Media Holdings , along with other investors .	Plur
His indenture specifies that he remain apprenticed to the pirates until his " twenty-first birthday " , meaning that he must serve for another 63 years .	Plur
Consequently , the CVO permeable capillaries are the point of bidirectional blood – brain communication for neuroendocrine function .	Plur
Hearns is fighting hurt as well , having suffered a broken right hand in the last minute of the first round .	Plur
Aeneas considers but upon seeing the belt of Pallas on Turnus , he is consumed by rage and finishes him off .	Plur
In consequence , the Gauls entered and burned the city ( c . 391 BC ) .	Plur
Despite their additional cost and limitations , pulling feeds are very useful when making large heavy items like tents and vehicle covers .	Plur
The floras of the Appalachians are diverse and vary primarily in response to geology , latitude , elevation and moisture availability .	Plur
The Appalachian floras also include a diverse assemblage of bryophytes ( mosses and liverworts ) , as well as fungi .	Plur
Salamanders and other amphibians contribute greatly to nutrient cycling through their consumption of small life forms on the forest floor and in aquatic habitats .	Plur
" When three-parts of the season was gone , there were whispers of the advantages of amalgamation of the two clubs .	Plur
And apparitions should be distinguished from interior locutions in which no visual contact is claimed .	Plur
Other apparitions continue to be approved at the local level , e.g .	Plur
Marian apparitions are also responsible for tens of millions of Marian pilgrimages per year .	Plur
The apparitions at Our Lady of Pontmain , France also called Our Lady of Hope were reported in 1871 by a number of young children .	Plur
The apparitions lasted from a few minutes up to several hours and were sometimes accompanied by dove-shaped luminous bodies .	Plur
According to tradition , several Marian apparitions occurred in areas of present-day India .	Plur
Within a few days , the visitations were receiving worldwide attention and up to 20,000 people attended the nightly vigil .	Plur
The apparitions occurred on the fourth day of every month for ten years , and many were filmed .	Plur
The reported apparitions of the Virgin Mary to six children in Medjugorje in 1981 have received significant attention .	Plur
Disapproved apparitions may attract negative publicity at the location of the apparition .	Plur
The Vestals brought Bona Dea 's cult image from her temple and laid it upon her couch , as an honoured guest .	Plur
Such anxieties were nothing new , and underpinned Rome 's traditional strictures against female autonomy .	Plur
The unusual permissions implicit at these rites probably derived from the presence and religious authority of the Vestals .	Plur
The timbales play the bell pattern , the congas play the supportive drum part , and the bongos improvise , simulating a lead drum .	Plur
The bongos play primarily during the verses and the piano solos .	Plur
The maracas and guíro sound a steady flow of regular pulses ( subdivisions ) and are ordinarily clave-neutral .	Plur
In this way , multiple instrumentalists can improvise simultaneously while reinforcing the rhythmic / melodic momentum of the rhythm section .	Plur
The Congolese called this new music " rumba " , although it was really based on the son .	Plur
Dis or DIS may refer to :	Plur
The Creoles contributed to Lagos ' modernisation and their knowledge of Portuguese architecture can still be seen from the architecture on Lagos Island .	Plur
Mainland LGAs include Surulere , Ajeromi-Ifelodun and Lagos Mainland .	Plur
Lagos was the former capital city of Nigeria but it has since been replaced by Abuja .	Plur
Lagos is the centre of the Nigerian movie industry , often referred to as ' Nollywood ' .	Plur
Lagos currently the world 's largest city proper in term of population , which does not have grade-separated rapid transit system .	Plur
Crises in France , including a rebellion of the Huguenots , rendered Richelieu a nearly indispensable advisor to the King .	Plur
The other pianist re-enters , the phasing process restarts , and ends when both pianists return to unison .	Plur
" Felicitas " could encompass both a woman 's fertility , and a general 's luck or good fortune .	Plur
Felicitas , however , always had a positive significance .	Plur
These divinities all share a similar function as helpers of mortals and had traditional cultic connections in early Latium .	Plur
Fons was the son of Juturna and Janus .	Plur
Fons was not among the deities depicted on coinage of the Roman Republic .	Plur
The Vaqueros also hold the record for most consecutive championships , winning five from 1971-75 .	Plur
Tour de Barents will have races in Kirkenes ( Sandnes ) and Vadsø in Finnmark , Rovaniemi in Finland and Murmansk in Russia .	Plur
These postmarks were to be used for the pre-payment of postage .	Plur
Colonial bookstores , watches and jeweleries retailers and boutique shops were common in the street for the high society .	Plur
Such primitives can be the additions of numbers , copying variables to each other and so on .	Plur
These breakthroughs allowed the two Soviet fronts to envelop the German IX Army in a large pocket east of Frankfurt .	Plur
The gametocytes are small and sausage shaped ( 10.4 x 4.6 micrometres )	Plur
Immature schizonts often contain a digestive vacuole .	Plur
Mature schizonts are spherical or bouquet-shaped and produce 22 - 32 merozoites .	Plur
The gametocytes are round and elongated .	Plur
More granular categorizations of loan portfolios exist but these are always variations around the larger themes .	Plur
The 9th Air Refueling Squadron mobilizes and deploys twelve KC-10 aircraft and over 140 personnel and equipment to worldwide forward operating locations .	Plur
The squadron 's aircrews remained behind to receive additional training at Peterson Field .	Plur
However , on June 2 , 2009 , Lamprey reported that the deal was still not complete .	Plur
Sheepshanks stood down as chairman after 14 years on 20 May 2009 .	Plur
Both male and female civets produce the strong-smelling secretion , which is produced by the civet 's perineal glands .	Plur
Such temptations included resisting the urge to have sexual relations with another man 's wife .	Plur
Debts at a level of € 11,000,000 remained and the area was allowed to fall into disrepair .	Plur
The underwing coverts are tawny .	Plur
where formula _ 6 evaluates to 1 if formula _ 7 , 0 otherwise .	Plur
Heartbreaker Hobbies & Games later hired him as editor-in-chief of their own magazine , " Forge : The Magazine of Miniature Gaming " .	Plur
There are also cleavages within the Reformed Churches .	Plur
The cherubs get drunk and James tries to pressure his girlfriend Kerry to have sex with him .	Plur
Amounts measured in small / midget tropical cyclones showed storm total amounts closer to .	Plur
Gyil duets are the traditional music of Dagara funerals .	Plur
Spirituals ( or Negro spirituals ) are generally Christian songs that were created by African Americans .	Plur
Spirituals were originally an oral tradition that imparted Christian values while also describing the hardships of slavery .	Plur
Spirituals were primarily expressions of religious faith .	Plur
During these meetings , worshipers would sing , chant , dance and sometimes enter ecstatic trances .	Plur
African American spirituals may also have served as socio-political protests veiled as assimilation to the white American culture .	Plur
The spirituals speak up strongly for freedom not only from sin ( dear as that freedom was to the true believer ) but from physical bondage .	Plur
Spirituals remain a mainstay particularly in small black churches , often Baptist or Pentecostal , in the deep South .	Plur
A classer supervises shed staff during shearing , and trains any inexperienced hands .	Plur
There are tradeoffs between the two models .	Plur
Shallow pleasures offered by Saint Petersburg 's high society had started to wear Lermontov down , his bad temper growing even worse .	Plur
The gunshots have served as time signals for many generations of old inhabitants of Hong Kong .	Plur
However , the molasses was sticky in this early prototype .	Plur
When Shabazz tried to contact him , however , his roommates told her they had evicted him .	Plur
Early MiG-29s were very agile aircraft , capable of rivalling the performance of contemporary F-18 and F-16 aircraft .	Plur
In July 1993 , two MiG-29s of the Russian Air Force collided in mid-air and crashed away from the public at the Royal International Air Tattoo .	Plur
The Russian MiG-29s have not received updates since the collapse of the Soviet Union .	Plur
The Indian MiG-29s were armed with beyond-visual-range air-to-air missiles whereas the Pakistani F-16s were not .	Plur
The MiG-29s continued their service in the subsequent Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .	Plur
Four MiG-29s from 1. elt performed Baltic Air Policing Quick Reaction Alert mission in 2006 , while 41. elt aircraft in 2008 , 2010 and 2012 .	Plur
Polish MiG-29s played the aggressor role in NATO Tactical Leadership Programme ( TLP ) joint training program in Albacete , Spain in 2011 , 2012 and 2013 .	Plur
MiG-29s also saw combat in the 1991 Persian Gulf War with the Iraqi Air Force .	Plur
Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-29s have sometimes encountered Israeli fighter and reconnaissance aircraft .	Plur
Syrian MiG-29s entered the Syrian Civil War in late October 2013 , attacking Free Syrian Army insurgents with unguided rockets and bombs in Damascus .	Plur
The RDS would go on to host the next Irish Eurovision production in 1988 .	Plur
Other returnees were Marty Brem who had taken part the year before for Austria , Tommy Seebach for Denmark , and Björn Skifs for Sweden .	Plur
As with the 1977 and 1978 contests , there were no pre-filmed postcards between the songs , with a guest presenter from each nation introducing the entries .	Plur
On most modern western fretted instruments , frets are metal strips inserted into the fingerboard .	Plur
Fanned frets first appeared on the 16th century Orpharion , a variant of the cittern , tuned like a lute .	Plur
Fat frets make bending easier , and they change the feel of the guitar .	Plur
DeAngelis who was also an avid reader of the magazine , pointed out the back page to Novella and said " What is missing ? "	Plur
Slogans adopt different tones to convey different meanings .	Plur
Slogans that associate emotional responses or evoke recollections of past memories increase their likelihood to be adopted by the public and shared .	Plur
Slogans can serve as connection points between community members as individuals share pithy taglines in conversation .	Plur
Jazz improvisers , particularly bassist and guitarist , use these scales in a number of interesting ways .	Plur
The altered fifths coincide enharmonically with the 11 and the 13 which would also be considered altered relative to their Mixolydian forms .	Plur
Other isozymes may contain iron , manganese or nickel .	Plur
Many ribozymes require metal ions in their active sites for chemical catalysis ; hence they are called metalloenzymes .	Plur
These crucibles in some cases have thinner walls and have more refractory properties ( Tylecote 1976 : p20 ) .	Plur
Cementation crucibles therefore have a lid or cap which limits the amount of gas loss from the crucible .	Plur
Bell foundry crucibles had to be larger at about 60 cm ( Tylecote 1976 : p73 ) .	Plur
These later medieval crucibles were a more mass-produced product .	Plur
These early crucibles would only produce a small amount of steel as they would have to be broken once the process has finished .	Plur
The lids are typically loose-fitting to allow gases to escape during heating of a sample inside .	Plur
Porcelain crucibles are hygroscopic , i. e. they absorb a bit of weighable moisture from the air .	Plur
The mid-1870s saw the Midland line extended northwards through the Yorkshire Dales and Eden Valley on what is now called the Settle – Carlisle Railway .	Plur
The separate destinies of the Church and Israel , a belief which is inherent in dispensationalism , is a particular concern to some Jews and evangelical Christians .	Plur
Punishments will include " adhab " , or severe pain and embarrassment , and " khizy " or shame .	Plur
The main tenets of Jewish eschatology , in no particular order , include :	Plur
Both enantiomers of propranolol have a local anesthetic ( topical ) effect , which is normally mediated by blockade of voltage-gated sodium channels .	Plur
Pre-war quantum electrodynamics ( QED ) gave absurd , infinite values for this ; but the Lamb shift showed that it was both real and finite .	Plur
Occasionally the abdomens are nearly white in color .	Plur
Off Beach Road there are easy accessible pontoons available for mooring .	Plur
The pontoons provide electricity hook ups and fresh water points .	Plur
In 1957 , Shockley decided to end research on the silicon transistor .	Plur
All three subregions feature a mix of forest and farmland , which the latter prevalent along the route 's Warren County course .	Plur
The Earthlings join the battle , driving back the Green Means , stopping their leader from stealing the talisman , and rescuing the Selenite king and queen .	Plur
The Göktürks have left artifacts and installations all over their domain , from China to Iran .	Plur
Not available for 20 years , Masterworks Broadway released a digitally remastered version of the album on September 28 , 2010 .	Plur
In addition , final " -s " produced a new final " -i " , as in Lat .	Plur
NWS forecasters use the state radio system to notify 9-1-1 dispatchers and emergency personnel .	Plur
In a suitable climate , soap aloes require little attention once established .	Plur
The Nayaks of Madurai and Nayaks of Thanjavur were most prominent of them all in the 17th century .	Plur
MPAs have begun to apply reef resilience management techniques in order to improve the ' immune system ' of coral reefs and promote reef recovery after bleaching .	Plur
The thrusters are actually on the " InSight " lander itself , but there are cutouts in the shell so the relevant rockets can vent into space .	Plur
On November 30 , 2011 , The Godfathers released a digital mix CD , titled , " The Pre-Kill " .	Plur
His 848 disposals in 2018 surpassed Matt Crouch 's season record of 825 , set almost 12 months earlier .	Plur
Its weaknesses include the overall length and unevenness in regards to the two other episodes paling in comparison with Parola 's quality and impact .	Plur
Other such mythological druids were Tadg mac Nuadat of the Fenian Cycle , and Mug Ruith , a powerful blind druid of Munster .	Plur
In the literature the druids cast spells and turn people into animals or stones , or curse peoples ’ crops to be blighted .	Plur
The Irish druids seem to have had a peculiar tonsure .	Plur
Druids began to figure widely in popular culture with the first advent of Romanticism .	Plur
" Headlights " is a song by American singer-songwriter Cat Power , released as her debut single in 1993 by The Making of Americans .	Plur
Gestures are specific motions that one makes with the hands in order to further communicate a message .	Plur
In particular , meteorologists use the stretched grid method for weather prediction and engineers use the stretched grid method to design tents and other tensile structures .	Plur
Some personals also worked in Netaji subhash Chandrabose commanded British Indian army company unit .	Plur
The racetracks required 85,000 vacuum tubes .	Plur
The Alpha racetracks were a 24-fold magnification of the XA calutron that could hold 96 calutron Alpha tanks .	Plur
The Beta racetracks were smaller , linear in shape , and optimized for recovery rather than production , with only 36 instead of 96 process bins .	Plur
The four Alpha II racetracks were also linear in configuration .	Plur
In Euclidean geometry , the six quadrilaterals illustrated are all different .	Plur
The six quadrilaterals shown are all distinct realisations of the abstract quadrilateral , each with different geometric properties .	Plur
The rapid continuous timpani and snare drum notes which link each scene , optional in the 1911 original , are compulsory in the 1947 edition .	Plur
British Brown Bess smoothbore muskets were effective at only 150 yards and accurate at 50 yards .	Plur
Pupae are hairy and attached with silk to either the host plant or to ground debris or leaf litter .	Plur
Subdued shoulder sleeve insignia are always worn .	Plur
Many flumes took the form of wooden troughs elevated on trestles , often following the natural contours of the land .	Plur
Flow measurement flumes typically consist of a converging section , a throat section , and a diverging section .	Plur
Other flumes omit the diverging section ( Montana and HS / H / HL -flumes ) .	Plur
The spokes generally inherit their original National Route numbers .	Plur
Higher ranked COs have access to different skills to tune and enhance their fighting styles .	Plur
Rows of " Agal vilakku " s ( Clay Oil lamps ) are lit in every house .	Plur
Yapese quarried the limestone rocks from the islands of Palau and took them to Yap with canoes and rafts .	Plur
The Munitions of War Act 1915 followed the Shell Crisis of 1915 when supplies of material to the front became a political issue .	Plur
Intellectuals and ministers actively promoted the war spirit .	Plur
Transcripts of the trial were extremely popular , and portraits of the implacable young maid were offered for sale from shop windows .	Plur
Even with the considerations Cosey made to give his forgeries the look of authentic documents , he eventually made mistakes .	Plur
Later forgeries were also easier to spot ; Cosey began to use modern chemicals to age modern paper .	Plur
Several forgeries produced by Joseph Cosey are most likely still in circulation .	Plur
Involuntary enforced idleness is the punishment used for lazy or slacking workers in zero-hour contracts .	Plur
The OCS and Bulgarian outcome is somewhat unusual as it is not an affricate but rather a fricative followed by a stop , having undergone metathesis .	Plur
In some West Slavic and South Slavic languages , syllabic sonorants appear , and in others ( e.g .	Plur
More purges followed after the Tito-Stalin split .	Plur
Handicrafts , including woodworking and mat weaving , form another sector .	Plur
The longest , Durey 's " Romance sans paroles " , requires a little over three minutes .	Plur
Their aedeagus have short shafts , which are cylindrical in shape .	Plur
According to Siva Kumar the fakes were " by an academically trained artist — not old Santiniketan .	Plur
Driven high , aircrews began to use oxygen and heated clothing items .	Plur
The Z-drive thrusters are " pulling " , meaning that the propellers are facing to the direction the vessel is moving to improve the hydrodynamic efficiency .	Plur
The unbeaten Tamaraws played the rival UE Warriors in the 1981 UAAP Finals .	Plur
The Tamaraws defeated the James Yap-led UE Red Warriors in the final four .	Plur
The Tamaraws swept the first round eliminations and won twelve of their fourteen outings overall to claim the number one spot in the Final Four .	Plur
The Tamaraws had a rough start in the first round but managed to win four games in seven outings .	Plur
The Tamaraws returned and faced the DLSU Green Archers in the Final Four with a twice-to-beat disadvantage but failed to force a do-or-die game .	Plur
The Tamaraws emerged as champions during the Pre-Season tournament sponsored by Fil-Oil Flying V with Garcia taking home the MVP trophy .	Plur
In Season 74 , The Tamaraws hired former coach Bert Flores after Glenn Capacio called it quits .	Plur
The Tamaraws hired former San Beda Red lions coach Nash Racela and assigned former mentor Bert Flores as the team 's consultant .	Plur
The Tamaraws swept the first round but struggled in the second round .	Plur
In their Final Four showdown against the Green Archers , the Tamaraws led most of the game .	Plur
The Tamaraws met the UST Growling Tigers in the Finals .	Plur
The Tamaraws reclaimed the crown in the then-PCCL National Collegiate Championship after they beat the CESAFI Champions University of San Carlos in the semi-finals .	Plur
The Tamaraws faced a great challenge in Season 79 .	Plur
The Tamaraws struggled in the second round but finished with nine wins against five defeats to claim the third spot in the Final Four .	Plur
The Foxes were again at war with the French , attacking whites and natives in the Illinois country , a part of Louisiana .	Plur
Her several refits in the 1950s ensured she remained in top condition and continued service despite her being near thirty years of age .	Plur
The Mayans engineered some of the most important monuments in Mesoamerica .	Plur
His personas in the band included Dick Vaughn , 5-time CalPi Award winner ; auto trivia expert	Plur
Additionally , tilt rod fuzes tend to be resistant to blast overpressure clearing methods , which can trigger most pressure fuzes .	Plur
Pre-made frozen Angus burgers are increasingly available from retailers .	Plur
Arrests and executions continued as the Germans , with the assistance of local collaborators , advanced through Estonia .	Plur
The instrumentalists for The Drifters ' recording were :	Plur
Nyro 's version slows down the song 's tempo and also omits the lyrics sung to the first of the original 's three bridge sections .	Plur
The Valley Huskers ( formerly known as the Chilliwack Huskers ) are a Canadian Junior Football team based in Chilliwack , British Columbia .	Plur
The Huskers play in the eight-team B.C .	Plur
" A Texan Looks at Lyndon " eventually sold 7.5 million copies to become the most successful political book of all time .	Plur
Most " Tachycineta " swallows are at least partially migratory , with only golden and mangrove swallow being essentially resident .	Plur
The tanagers are a large group of small to medium-sized passerine birds restricted to the New World , mainly in the tropics .	Plur
Sex Addicts Anonymous ( SAA ) is a twelve-step program for people who want to stop their addictive sexual behavior .	Plur
The ThunderCats had significant financial problems during the 1998 – 1999 season and sold Harbor 's contract to the Philadelphia KiXX just prior to the 1999 playoffs .	Plur
Metrosideros fulgens ( scarlet rātā , rātā vine or in Māori akatawhiwhi ) is a forest liana or vine endemic to New Zealand .	Plur
" Metrosideros fulgens " prefers warm moist habitats and grows up to 10m long or more , with the main stem up to 10 cm .	Plur
In modern times , navies within a very close alliance may include electronic and digital cooperation including using electronic communications and target acquisition .	Plur
These hillocks develop into the folds of the auricle and gradually shift upwards and backwards to their final position on the head .	Plur
However , the slowness of division compared to multiplication makes this technique unattractive in general .	Plur
For instance , 99942 Apophis will approach Earth so closely in 2029 that it will get under the orbit of the Earth 's geostationary satellites .	Plur
The handlebars are almost always curved back and positioned higher than the saddle so that the rider can operate controls without changing his or her riding posture .	Plur
In 2004 , the Bentleys released a 4-song record with Sophia Lolley called " Angel Face " .	Plur
In particular , her long fingernails had remained intact .	Plur
Mussels have developed a defensive strategy of tethering and immobilising with byssus threads any dog whelks invading their beds , leading to the whelks ' starvation .	Plur
According to the older taxonomy by Ponder and Lindberg the suborders within the order Sorbeoconcha are :	Plur
The Argentinians were not able to make any positive use of their " fleet in being , " but managed to avoid a negative result .	Plur
Vegetable flours contain both gluten and starch .	Plur
While William Ferrel theorized this first in 1856 , Buys Ballot was the first to provide an empirical validation .	Plur
Lichtenfels lies at the northeast foot of the Rothaargebirge , some southwest of Kassel .	Plur
After fierce feuds , Corvey had to pass entitlement to the castle 's ownership to Count Otto of Waldeck for good in 1297 .	Plur
NSM have the following responsibilities pursuant of the Security Act :	Plur
The F-4D carried squadron identifying fin cap colours of blue , yellow and red ( 492d , 493d , 494th respectively ) .	Plur
F-111s from the 48th TFW participated in 1986 United States bombing of Libya in 1986 .	Plur
There are even a few Ghia-bodied Ferraris .	Plur
The earrings and breastplate make him immortal like the gods , invincible before any god , human or demon .	Plur
The gathered Kshatriyas too angrily support Karna , for they against the mixing of varna ( here , Brahmin-Kshatriya marriage ) .	Plur
However , some OEMs distributed the product .	Plur
Debreciner Rollers , along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons , are all descendants from the rock pigeon ( " Columba livia " ) .	Plur
The incantations depend on the creator 's lineage in each school of traditional non-Buddhist animist magic .	Plur
Lopes did not progress to the final .	Plur
Combinations of different techniques also exist .	Plur
City jails were also a major site for unrest .	Plur
Slogans included " No cash , no trash " .	Plur
The Lazers folded a year later .	Plur
In the 17th century the Walloons were French-speaking people ( Protestants or Catholics ) from the Low Countries , in today 's Belgium and French Flanders .	Plur
Fireworks , yellow smoke bombs and rolls of paper covered the pitch , the match was delayed for 15 minutes to clean it .	Plur
Before , during , and after the landfall of Hurricane Camille , the Seabees at the center helped the surrounding communities tremendously .	Plur
These prestressed concrete lintels and blocks are components that are packed together and propped to form a suspended floor concrete slab .	Plur
At the Yaxchilan archaeological site there are fifty-eight lintels with decorative pieces spanning the doorways of major structures .	Plur
These inroads and settlements had a ruinous effect on Georgia 's economic and political order .	Plur
In High Availability mode , aggregators send transactions to the master partitions , which then send logs to the slave partitions .	Plur
All six Socialist Republics have since become fully independent nations and are members of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .	Plur
These contaminants enter the environment through both use and disposal .	Plur
Non-coplanar PCBs may cause neurotoxicity by interfering with intracellular signal transduction dependent on calcium .	Plur
Gusts on Europa Island were less than 110 km / h ( 70 mph ) , despite the storm being nearby .	Plur
As Gail was developing , the ITCZ spawned another disturbance in the Australian region on February 3 .	Plur
The hindquarters and the rump are darker than the flanks .	Plur
When SLA troops left Kangama in late 1993 , the RUF and others returned .	Plur
Petticoat breeches were voluminously wide , pleated pants , reminiscent of a skirt , worn by men in Western Europe during the 1650s and early 1660s .	Plur
As with Prehistoric Scotland generally , hunter gatherers followed the slow retreat of ice age glaciation .	Plur
In this case , the relative entropies subtracted from the total entropy are 0 .	Plur
Rhinegraves are a form of breeches which were popular from the early 1660s until the mid-1670s in Western Europe .	Plur
The planned Harrison greatest-hits compilation then became an experiment by Capitol whereby Beatles tracks were mixed with solo hits on the one album .	Plur
Sikes survives his near-drowning , but is confined to bed with a heavy fever .	Plur
When trying to scale the building using a rope , Sikes , distracted by his dog , loses his footing and accidentally hangs himself to death .	Plur
Future British viceroys became complacent , and this proved disastrous in 1896 .	Plur
Libertarians of the modern Austrian School and anarcho-capitalist traditions such as Murray Rothbard have accepted Locke 's other views on property whilst rejecting the Lockean proviso .	Plur
Ramseur attacked first , but Paul 's brigade held its crucial position .	Plur
The local microbreweries are strong innovators and produce a wide variety of beer styles , including strong IPAs and stouts .	Plur
Even stronger pale lagers are for instance Carlsberg Elephant ( 7.2 % ) and Tuborg Fine Festival ( 7.5 % ) .	Plur
Many microbreweries brew stouts and porters .	Plur
These comparators are 32- or 64-bit-wide .	Plur
Villiers was the son of George Child Villiers , 5th Earl of Jersey by Lady Sarah Fane .	Plur
With Kendricks now gone , and with the group lacking a first tenor to take his place , Norman Whitfield was forced to change plans .	Plur
Leather gaiters were rare in military , though sometimes a calf-length cotton gaiter had leather kneecaps added .	Plur
Heavy gaiters are often worn when using crampons , to protect the leg and ankle from the spikes of the opposite foot .	Plur
The foot pedals , which activate the ride-ons , can stick in the " on " position .	Plur
Furthermore , the lobsters and shellfish which are plentiful on Désirade are becoming increasingly rare in Guadeloupe as a whole .	Plur
Flex-Able Leftovers was a limited edition 10 " vinyl EP by American composer and guitarist , Steve Vai .	Plur
Murals feature in the award-winning for the Discover Tasmania website	Plur
Today there are several bloodlines available to cattle raisers in North America .	Plur
Bass & Flinders Cruises trading as Manly Fast Ferry commenced operating the service on 10 February 2009 on an interim basis until March 2010 .	Plur
Other OEMs that recommend Fernox include ; Honeywell , SIME , NTI , Nefit , ACV , Worcester Bosch , Ideal Boilers , Vaillant and Rotec .	Plur
The yogi left ; Tirunilakanta kept the bowl in a safe location .	Plur
After a long time , the yogi returned and demanded his begging bowl .	Plur
The three hermitages are single-nave , with chapel accessible from a triumphal arch .	Plur
The gospels of Luke and Mark tend to prefer the term " kingdom of God . "	Plur
Telephones are common , and nearly all of the houses have televisions and cable .	Plur
The lifeboats had a capacity of 160 people each .	Plur
The Admirals advanced to World Bowl ' 95 , where they lost to the Frankfurt Galaxy .	Plur
The Gers scored again in the second half before two quick fire goals from Bell brought the Sons back into the game .	Plur
By April 1944 , all five igloos were almost complete , with the western igloo hangar underway .	Plur
All five igloos are now in private ownership and one ( No .	Plur
Paige 's half-siblings have mixed reactions to the news .	Plur
The burners go out and as the balloon descends , Paige decides to jump from the basket .	Plur
There are metal stringers between the walls .	Plur
Beatrice Islets are pair of islets located in Nepean Bay about east of Kingscote on Kangaroo Island in South Australia .	Plur
The Beatrice Islets along with Busby Islet are three high points on the southern edge of a spit that is exposed at low water .	Plur
Ceilings throughout were in height , to encourage air circulation .	Plur
These four government administration keynotes were : economic rehabilitation , national welfare , culture prosperity , and establishment of a foundation for peaceful unification .	Plur
By the early 1850s there were many squatters seeking to take up pastoral properties on the northern frontier of the Burnett District .	Plur
Situations changed in 1749 , when new Afshar shah Ebrahim Afshar demanded reinforcements from Northern Azerbaijani khanates .	Plur
John Withers may refer to :	Plur
The other papal basilicas soon followed .	Plur
The arias are significantly longer than the recitatives and exhibit a polyphonic texture .	Plur
Both arias have an A section which contains three ritornellos in the accompaniment answered by two statements and an embellished cadenza from the soprano .	Plur
Chocolate beer cakes may include stout and chocolate stout beer , and some gingerbread cakes include beer in their preparation .	Plur
Rwandans living abroad voted on 17 December .	Plur
The arias were pastiches of various musical styles , including film music , schlager , rock music and traditional African music .	Plur
However , due to the vast gulf between the ruling and opposition parties , there were few defections across ideological borders .	Plur
In the fixed do system , shown above , accidentals do not affect the syllables used .	Plur
The Lib Dems saw their percentage of the vote increase by 2 % in 2010 but still failed to win any councillors in 2006 and 2010 .	Plur
Coroners , medical examiners , and forensic pathologists are different professions .	Plur
Coroners also have a role in treasure trove cases .	Plur
Consonants in word-initial position are as follows :	Plur
Delors proposed a European Economic Space ( EES ) in January 1989 , which was later renamed the European Economic Area , as it is known today .	Plur
The Faroes already have an extensive bilateral free trade agreement with Iceland , known as the Hoyvík Agreement .	Plur
Currently , the Lib Dems make up the majority in the council .	Plur
The drafters of the new Strategy made a conscious decision to remove terms such as " Islamic radicalism " , instead speaking of terrorism generally .	Plur
As of 2009 there were 354,440 boardings per day ( in a population of 1,034,945 ) .	Plur
There are approximately 280,000 ETS bus boardings , 54,000 LRT boardings , and 3,500 paratransit boardings per weekday .	Plur
Common accompaniments of gnocchi include melted butter with sage , pesto , as well as various sauces .	Plur
During the prophase in the process of cell division called mitosis , the centrosomes migrate to opposite poles of the cell .	Plur
Both enlarged centrosomes and CRBs are similar to the centrosomal structures observed in tumors .	Plur
Furthermore , centrosomes can form " de novo " after having been removed ( e.g .	Plur
Falling factorials define , up to scaling , the same polynomials as binomial coefficients : formula _ 19 .	Plur
The Sinclairs moved to California in the 1920s and lived there for nearly four decades .	Plur
Suggs , discussing the deciphering of the rongorongo script of Easter Island , describes them as all-important .	Plur
However , most Kentuckians did not own slaves .	Plur
Many Kentuckians from these areas joined the Confederate army .	Plur
Pundits believe the Blavatnik School seeks to differentiate itself with a more well-rounded curriculum , thereby competing with the American monopoly on public policy schools .	Plur
Nevertheless , the sweeps and reprisals by the Germans and their collaborators were not enough to reverse ELAS penetration of the countryside in Messenia and neighbouring Laconia .	Plur
Pleas by relatives of the Battalionists who arrived from nearby villages had a similar fate .	Plur
Hence , the local Uruguayans passing by often saw the foreigners indulging in the strange game of willow and leather .	Plur
The USFWS decommissioned " John R. Manning " in 1969 .	Plur
The USFWS sold " John R. Manning " , and she became the commercial fishing vessel " R. B. Hendrickson " .	Plur
Assigned convicts worked and lived at Bunker 's Farm / Collingwood for at least thirty years during the Bunker / Blackett ownership .	Plur
Sappers who were trained blacksmiths , carpenters and stonemasons would be of immense value during the construction of convict hiring depots .	Plur
Horsey learnt to perform , teach and choreograph from his mother , Kay Horsey , who had a dance school for 26 years in Gold Coast .	Plur
In 2007 , Horsey portrayed Andy Lee in a limited showing of " 42nd Street " in Melbourne .	Plur
Horsey choreographed a new cabaret-style show , " Everybody Loves Lucy " , starring Elise McCann and choreographed " Ruthless ! "	Plur
Horsey married Australian film , TV and stage actress Lucy Durack on Rottnest Island off the coast of Perth , Western Australia on April 05 , 2014 .	Plur
Most survivals have come from kurgan burial mounds .	Plur
Estrogens and progesterone may oppose somatopause by increasing GH and IGF-1 levels .	Plur
The streetscapes in the district remained much as they were until the turn of the 21st century .	Plur
In his experience , chronic alcoholics did not take the steps necessary to recover unless they became conscious of themselves as people with a disease .	Plur
The lofts on the Herengracht were not strong enough to bear the weight of heavy books .	Plur
The ravages of the Revolution caused the birth of the Musée des monuments français .	Plur
The doubles competition produced two upsets as Mirnyi / Ram beat World no .	Plur
In these seasons , there were no semifinalists .	Plur
Ventspils were the defending champions .	Plur
On 2 September 1968 , the first " Stormy " FACs began FACing in Route Pack 1 .	Plur
By that time , the Misty FACs had flown 1,441 combat sorties , directed 3,988 air strikes , and lost nine airplanes .	Plur
These pennants have a long , narrow , triangular shape , usually half the length of the flag pole .	Plur
The pennants sometimes also incorporate the regional arm into the design .	Plur
In December 2009 , " Hollyoaks " broadcast the first ever flashforward episode .	Plur
The Five Moons are five Native American ballerinas from the U.S. state of Oklahoma who achieved international prominence during the 20th century .	Plur
" Five Moons " ( 2007 ) is the name of a bronze sculpture installation in Tulsa , Oklahoma , that portrays the five ballerinas .	Plur
Bombus campestris is a very common cuckoo bumblebee found in most of Europe .	Plur
Nearly 4,000 submariners have sacrificed their lives on the altar of American freedoms .	Plur
Expenses incurred by the Charitable Foundation are minimal and consist of expenses such as postage , certificates , website fees , stationery supplies , and informative brochures .	Plur
The Salukis are a member of the NCAA and compete at the Division I Football Championship Subdivision level ( formerly known as NCAA Division I-AA ) .	Plur
In 2007 , the Salukis were victorious against Northern Illinois University .	Plur
The man overhears and questions the other man , but walks away .	Plur
After a crisis , the externalities are smaller once the economy was de-leveraged .	Plur
The catecholamines comprise the endogenous substances dopamine , noradrenaline ( norepinephrine ) and adrenaline ( epinephrine ) as well as numerous artificially synthesized compounds such as isoprenaline .	Plur
Most Barbadians are Christian ( whether practicing or otherwise ) .	Plur
These microalgae are , therefore , highly fragile and sensitive to mechanical stress .	Plur
Perpetrators are confident they will get away with murder , in part because of the " machismo " culture in Latin America .	Plur
Paraskeva 's glass positives or lantern slides , most of them stereoscopic plates , include photographs of Greece , Egypt , France , Venice and the Alps .	Plur
Black maids would wear their blue uniforms to come to town to shop .	Plur
There are heists such as bank robberies , drug trafficking runs , rigging an election , or stealing smuggled nuclear warheads .	Plur
The safes needed to be opened with drills which were only available for purchase with real world currency , leading a fan backlash to their inclusion .	Plur
Archaeal tRNAs contain the modified nucleoside archaeosine at position 15 .	Plur
Shapes can vary depending on the manufacturer .	Plur
However , his diagnosed myopia would have prevented him from being able to pass the physical examinations to enter the Air Force .	Plur
The janitors , unionized with SEIU Local 615 , credited the Occupy group helping them to win a stronger five-year contract .	Plur
The hunter-gatherers of Téviec buried their own dead in the middens .	Plur
Some outriggers have a system built into them to allow pegs to be included so the outrigger can be used to aid in walking .	Plur
Adaptations for radio of pieces originally written for other mediums are not eligible .	Plur
Lagocheirus lugubris is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae .	Plur
These annual killifish are endemic to the Paraguay , Guaporé , Mamoré and São Francisco basins in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil and Paraguay .	Plur
Perpetrators were armed radical Sunni Islamists .	Plur
Lazaros after the battle , went to Monastiri [ Bitola ] and asked for instructions from the Greek Consulate .	Plur
On June 25 , 1914 , Lazaros with the armed forces of Tsontos Varda and Pavlos Giparis entered the liberated Korçë .	Plur
Recorded are treecreeper , long-tailed tit , nuthatch , wren and chaffinch .	Plur
Moreover , ultra vires taxes cannot generally be recovered .	Plur
These two sorties were also fairly trouble-free ; between May and November 1943 .	Plur
According to the paradox , the musical criticises the extremes and exaggerations of the popular culture , the youth culture , yet exploits its musical style .	Plur
Additionally there are two RXFP pseudogenes ( " RXFP3-3 " and " RXFP2-like " ) which have functional counterparts in other species .	Plur
In August 2014 , Wellens won Stage 6 in the Eneco Tour with a solo breakaway .	Plur
In July 2016 , Wellens won Stage 5 of the Tour de Pologne with a solo breakaway in a rain soaked stage in which 85 riders abandoned .	Plur
Throughout his sports career , Hogan 's pastimes included trap shooting .	Plur
In 2006 , Katee Stearns made the semi-finals , becoming only the fifth woman from Maine and the first since 1977 to make the cut .	Plur
Pelican Accessories put together an internal development team and proceeded with future versions of CodeBreaker .	Plur
However , Pelican Accessories no longer supports this .	Plur
In 1961 , Shanks and his team used two different power series for calculating the digits of .	Plur
Eastern chipmunks and red squirrels also adapt to the park 's recreational areas .	Plur
In the winter , snowshoes are available for rent at the park office .	Plur
Uttar Pradesh have not been strong in the Ranji Trophy cricket for any prolonged period in their history .	Plur
Nevertheless , the Japanese clockmakers showed considerable ingenuity in adapting the European mechanical clock technology to the needs of traditional Japanese timekeeping .	Plur
As such , Japanese timekeepers varied with the seasons ; the daylight hours were longer in summer and shorter in winter , with the opposite at night .	Plur
To make a striking clock that told Japanese time , clockmakers used a system that ran two balances , one slow and one fast .	Plur
A wrestler 's only belongings are a blanket , a kowpeenam ( loincloth ) and some clothes .	Plur
Pallavas were the first recognisable South Indian dynasty who indulged in the pursuit of architectural innovations .	Plur
Slogans such as " " Decency today means morality tomorrow " " and " " A nude horse is a rude horse " " were offered .	Plur
Its white eyelids match its muzzle and beard .	Plur
As a result , the bolsheviks decided to split up and established the Bolshevik Party ( North Kurdistan-Turkey ) .	Plur
The Brandenburg margraves vested Sternberg with town privileges in 1375 .	Plur
Celebrity Cruises denied the allegations in the documentary .	Plur
Indeed , Albanese went on to assume the role of Vice President of KA Glendale towards the end of his tenure at what was then Cendant Software .	Plur
Ratepayers and residents have every right to be able to rely on the Upper Hutt District Plan . "	Plur
In 1582 the margraves enfeoffed Ziebingen to the Protestant Order of Saint John commandry at Łagów .	Plur
The sabres point skywards in a salute to victory .	Plur
Ridges and peaks prevail at an elevation of and comprise the Level Mountain Range .	Plur
The Lads is the fifth studio release from the New Zealand Christian rock band The Lads .	Plur
The Hondurans went 2 – 1 in group play , but failed to qualify for the second round .	Plur
Chokwe lies in the mixed farming zone on the southern side of the Limpopo river .	Plur
Rails are usually monogamous , and all have precocial chicks which are fed and guarded by the adults .	Plur
Typically , season finales end with exciting cliffhangers to entice fan interest .	Plur
By the mid-1950s , water leaks in the roof and resultant dry rot threatened the building 's structural integrity , and caused electrical problems .	Plur
Swissair launched the Series 80 in October 1977 with an order for 15 plus an option for five .	Plur
Propaganda newsreels of " Die Deutsche Wochenschau " ( The German Weekly Review ) preceded feature-film showings .	Plur
Kiedis attempted to take Slovak to drug addiction counseling , but Slovak had difficulty admitting that his addiction was serious enough to require medical help .	Plur
The Brigantes returned to power and reoccupied Lagentium around 250 , Their culture , now called Romano-British , had been profoundly influenced by that of the Romans .	Plur
The Brigantes allowed the fort to grow over , and they continued with the farming way of life that they had had for centuries .	Plur
Zinnias are annuals , shrubs , and sub-shrubs native primarily to North America , with a few species in South America .	Plur
Hobart 's Funnies are another example .	Plur
However , massive allied artillery barrages and the flooding of both the Rapido and Garigliano rivers prevented the Germans from reforming .	Plur
As of January 2010 there are approximately 1000 World War II reenactors portraying the FSSF .	Plur
The acropolis has views of the surrounding harbours and coastline .	Plur
Some independent Labour leftists split from the paper when it opposed the tactic of raising rates to offset cuts to local government services .	Plur
Thermodynamics is chiefly concerned only with " changes " in the internal energy , not with its absolute value .	Plur
Thermodynamics is chiefly concerned only with the changes , , in internal energy .	Plur
In general , thermodynamics does not trace this distribution .	Plur
The following subsections contain information about three popular groups used by the public today :	Plur
In 2009 , the Discovery Channel program " MythBusters " episode 115 tested the properties of pykrete and the myths behind it .	Plur
The MythBusters then built a full-size boat out of the super pykrete , naming it " Yesterday 's News " , and subjected it to real-world conditions .	Plur
The PCSOs do not carry autolock , handcuffs , leg restraints or incapacitant spray .	Plur
Special Constables will achieve fit for independent patrol status , usually within one year , but this is dependent on the number of tours of duty .	Plur
Here White deviates from the above :	Plur
The blows are the basis for the buzzes or hums contrapunteo that between two or more opponents .	Plur
On the recommendation of Histiaeus , the Achaemenids then appointed Aristagoras as the new ruler of Miletus .	Plur
After securing the permission of Susa , Artaphernes agreed and promised 200 ships .	Plur
As soon as the vote for war was certain , Aristagoras took steps to secure Persian military assets .	Plur
The most fundamental question is where Aristagoras got his authority over the Ionians in the first place .	Plur
The satrap Artaphernes and his forces retreated to the acropolis immediately .	Plur
The Hellenes had either to fight for their freedom or submit .	Plur
Myres was using sea-power in a specifically British sense for the times .	Plur
The Lydians were now free to turn on Miletus , which they did for the next 11 years , reducing it .	Plur
The Hellenes had obtained a foothold on the coast of Anatolia by siding with rebel coastal Anatolian states against the Hittite Empire .	Plur
The Carians fought the Persians at the Maeander River and were defeated with severe casualties .	Plur
The thrips begin feeding when the tree has flushes of new growth , and the life cycle is around six weeks .	Plur
At other times , thrips reside on old leaves without feeding .	Plur
The thrips remain in the galls at night and wander about in the daytime and return in the evening , possibly to different galls about the tree .	Plur
Classical geneticists would have used phenotypic traits to map the new mutant alleles .	Plur
Glades are also valuable , and streams are preferred .	Plur
Both counsels delivered their closing arguments before the jury on May 1 .	Plur
In France , France Télévisions provided live coverage on its website .	Plur
Polymers composed of long molecular chains have unique viscoelastic properties , which combine the characteristics of elastic solids and Newtonian fluids .	Plur
Viscoelastic polymers have the characteristics in between where some phase lag will occur during DMA tests .	Plur
Free resonance analyzers measure the free oscillations of damping of the sample being tested by suspending and swinging the sample .	Plur
Forced resonance analyzers are the more common type of analyzers available in instrumentation today .	Plur
Stress and strain control analyzers give about the same results as long as characterization is within the linear region of the polymer in question .	Plur
These analyzers can test higher modulus materials than torsional analyzers .	Plur
Polymers represent another large area in which thermal analysis finds strong applications .	Plur
There are over 800 research postgraduates and 1,300 postgraduate students receiving instruction at the university .	Plur
The wing coverts are white , the primary remiges black , and the secondaries green ( only showing in flight ) and chestnut .	Plur
The underwings are almost entirely white .	Plur
Sightings of this bird are rare in North America and are reported as infrequent visitors to the U.S. and Canada .	Plur
After nine years , the Valkyries left their lovers .	Plur
Obvious physical deformities such as missing noses , ears , or lips , are thereby sufficient disqualifications .	Plur
The switchboards were constantly in use and had to have a new tunnel created alongside it to house the batteries and chargers necessary to keep them functioning .	Plur
The Illuminations had up to sixty thousand bulbs and took year-round planning .	Plur
Legal fictions are different from legal presumptions which assume a certain state of facts until the opposite is proved , such as the presumption of legitimacy .	Plur
Legal fictions derive their legitimacy from tradition and precedent , rather than formal standing as a source of law .	Plur
Microphone interconnections are therefore a common application for a balanced interconnection , which cancels out most of this induced noise .	Plur
Constitutional monarchists such as Maury , Cazalès , Bergasse and d 'Eprémesnil opposed it .	Plur
There are one or two additional ATMs around the main island .	Plur
Furthermore , when the bishops ' seats were transferred back from Coventry to Lichfield , and from Bath to Wells , these sees reverted to being secular .	Plur
With the Act of Toleration enacted on 24 May 1689 , Nonconformists had freedom of worship .	Plur
The liturgical and theological orientations of these missionary organisations were diverse .	Plur
However , when he and Harry fire curses at each other , their wands connect due to their identical cores .	Plur
The repeals largely mirrored those made for England and Wales by the Statute Law Revision Act 1863 .	Plur
In Turkish , " Barlas " means " hero " , " brave " , " chivalrous " and / or " warrior " .	Plur
Downers provided the labour and management while the Public Works Department provided all equipment and material .	Plur
Fleur is obsessed with make-up , whereas Catriona just wants to feature her friends in the magazine at every opportunity .	Plur
Fleur states she intends to fall back on her Revlon connections to find work .	Plur
Honey badgers of the subspecies " signata " have a second lower molar on the left side of their jaws , but not the right .	Plur
Other gastropods develop external asymmetry , such as " Glaucus atlanticus " that develops asymmetrical cerata as they mature .	Plur
2 / 4th Londons were then to turn south and pop up between the two leading battalions .	Plur
2 / 2nd Londons found themselves surrounded and had to fight their way back .	Plur
The pogroms against the Jews during these revolutionary times made their situation harsh .	Plur
" Leptinopterus tibialis " can reach a length of about in the males , about in the females .	Plur
The positives for North Carolina to use this method are that it will increase access to higher education and decrease verification costs .	Plur
The positives of this method for North Carolina are that there is no tax payer burden and that there is low risk of legal challenge .	Plur
Individual sires , families or breeders might specialize , but the most economically efficient horse was one that had many uses .	Plur
Exemptions for specific subjects are also available on the basis of qualification like MBA and ACCA etc .	Plur
In previous years , traffickers target Croatian girls in state institutions and subjected them to sex trafficking .	Plur
There are over 600 worshipers in the congregation .	Plur
The Yellow Flag auxiliaries plundered a peaceful Vietnamese village shortly after the battle , and Bouët was forced to disband them .	Plur
For urban two public Asset Holding Companies – FIPAG in the 13 largest cities , AIAS in secondary towns – own the water and sewerage assets .	Plur
The legionnaires scrambled rapidly up the mountain paths towards the Chinese position and captured it under Herbinger 's nose .	Plur
Bartels is the Co-Director of the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions and Shayne Chair in Public Policy and Social Science at Vanderbilt University .	Plur
Genealogies such as " Laud Genealogies " and " Rawlinson Genealogies " give him a reign of 26 years .	Plur
Personas is the fifth studio album by El Canto Del Loco , released on April 1 , 2008 , in Spain .	Plur
The album " Personas " by El Canto Del Loco went to Number 1 in the Spanish charts .	Plur
Fatalities started to be reported in 1999 in cases where THP had been used in combination with other drugs having analgesic and anti-anxiety effects .	Plur
Mosses are abundant in taiga forests of interior Alaska and Canada , forming characteristic strata in nearly every taiga forest type .	Plur
Mosses have 2 phases in their life cycle : the gametophyte ( n ) and sporophyte ( 2n ) generations .	Plur
Fens are richer than bogs .	Plur
Mosses in general are low in carbohydrates , proteins , and fats compared to vascular plants , and animals seldom graze them .	Plur
American robins at the Mountain Lake Biological Station , Virginia , used ribbed bog moss as nest material .	Plur
Northern mires provide habitat for a variety of invertebrates including worms , crustaceans , arachnids , and insects , particularly mosquitoes , midges , and other flies .	Plur
Agonist – antagonist opioids usually have a ceiling effect – over particular dose they don 't increase their potency .	Plur
Hence agonist – antagonist opioids have a lower addiction potential but also lower analgesic efficacy and are more likely to produce psychotomimetic effects .	Plur
Dregs , the pet snake , did make a reappearance in the " Queen For a Day " episode .	Plur
The annual Grant Thompson Top Track 250 recognises privately owned companies with significantly increasing year-on-year growth and is published in The Sunday Times each October .	Plur
The Cranberries are an Irish rock band formed in Limerick in 1989 , originally under the name The Cranberry Saw Us .	Plur
Since their formation , The Cranberries have released seven studio albums , six EPs , and 22 singles ( including two re-releases ) .	Plur
The Cranberries rose to international fame with their debut album " Everybody Else Is Doing It , So Why Can 't We ?	Plur
There are bathrooms near Exit 2 .	Plur
On the day of their departure from Darjeeling , Ankur disappears mysteriously leaving Rimli all alone frantically searching for him .	Plur
As a major source of these , fertilizers therefore represent an essential ingredient in the drive towards sustainable agriculture and world food security .	Plur
The seeks $ 231 million for 2019 , targeting a hybrid airliner turbine-electric propulsion system focused on superconducting motors .	Plur
P. N. Kawthekar theorizes Jayasimha sought help from the Chalukya king Someshvara I , who dispatched prince Vikramaditya to help Jayasimha ascend the throne .	Plur
Shortly after the coup , drug traffickers received political protection and cocaine production dramatically increased in Bolivia .	Plur
The quarterfinals in this single-elimination tournament will see four robots move on to the semi-finals .	Plur
The academicians form a majority even now because th University of Mysore and many other major organizations are located in Saraswathipuram .	Plur
The Three virgins of Tuburga were a group of young women who were executed for being Christians around 257 AD , in what was Roman-era Tunisia .	Plur
Electras were popular as private planes for royalty in Asia and Europe .	Plur
For the 1923 regatta , the Stewards therefore decided to try a shorter experimental straight course which started at the top of the island .	Plur
The Stewards pointed out in a letter to The Times that the decision had been taken before the 1907 regatta and after consultation with the Belgians .	Plur
In 1980 the Stewards set a ceiling of 5,000 .	Plur
Golden lion tamarins are highly territorial and groups will defend their home range boundaries and resources from other groups .	Plur
The tamarins show repeat visits to those plants with abundant resources .	Plur
The golden lion tamarins faced the potential of getting new diseases that they had not been previously exposed to .	Plur
Golden lion tamarins are native to the Atlantic Forest of Brazil .	Plur
Holofernes occupied all the nations along the sea coast and destroyed all their gods , so that they would worship Nebuchadnezzar alone .	Plur
Generators and propulsion engines on boats , especially houseboats , has resulted in fatal carbon monoxide exposures .	Plur
As a result , some quasars are detectable from as far back as the epoch of reionization .	Plur
These two GPs have SDSS DR9 reference numbers : 1237661070336852109 ( GP _ J1219 ) and 1237664668421849521 .	Plur
Numerous place-names like Cheadle and Cheddleton , in the Midlands suggest a link with Chad .	Plur
However , place-names do not " corrupt " randomly , but evolve according to principles inherent in the history of the language .	Plur
Schley decided to stay at Cienfuegos , feeling that all signs indicated that Cervera was there in the harbor .	Plur
Schley had assumed control in Sampson 's absence .	Plur
Schley wrote , with James Russell Soley , " The Rescue of Greely " ( New York , 1885 ) .	Plur
Some words ' plurals end in " -i " even though they are not Latin , or that is not the Latin plural , " e.g .	Plur
Thursdays are live from Sugar Daddy 's in Mississauga , playing the best R & B , Hip-Hop , Reggae , and Dancehall .	Plur
Compilations of their music continue to be produced and sold , more than 70 years after the band 's founding .	Plur
Generators can only be interconnected to operate in parallel if they are of the same frequency and wave-shape .	Plur
The haggis must be edible after landing .	Plur
There is also a Canadian Haggis Hurling Championship in Perth , Ontario .	Plur
These orientations involve several days of hiking , rock climbing , kayaking , snowshoeing , and other activities in the wilderness around Middlebury .	Plur
Canvey continued to receive 50 shipments of LNG per year from Arzew Algeria , until about 1984 , British gas closed the site in 1994 .	Plur
Three gospels state that there was a custom that at Passover the Roman governor would release a prisoner of the crowd 's choice ; , , and .	Plur
With Manah dead , the Watchers descend on the Imperial capital , with Leonard and Arioch dying at their hands .	Plur
Most cam timers use a miniature mains synchronous motor to rotate the mechanism at an accurate constant speed .	Plur
Some cam timers also have a fast forward mode , where applying power to a point on the controller causes rapid advance of the mechanism .	Plur
While still fairly popular , cam timers are mechanical and hence subject to wear and reliability problems .	Plur
Cam timers don 't have the greater degree of flexibility that CPU-based controllers provide .	Plur
A little more than three years after the sinking of the " Titanic " , the Hubbards boarded the in New York City .	Plur
Nevertheless , Karabakh khans kept about 3,000 strong horse cavalry in Shabulag Castle at all times for defense purposes .	Plur
The Arcadians called the mountain Olympus and " holy mountain " .	Plur
The Arcadians claimed that the Crete where the Cretan story has it that Zeus was reared was this place and not the island .	Plur
Before confronting the Byzantines , the Fatimids had to deal with the revolt of Tyre and the rebellion of Ibn al-Jarrah .	Plur
Unlike many crocodyliforms , " Stratiotosuchus " was a obligate biped .	Plur
During the ' 60s and the ' 70s , the Portuguese Army , RTP as well as foreign TV stations gathered considerable audiovisual information .	Plur
Projectors share a common history with cameras in the camera obscura .	Plur
Pythagoras would have often performed this trick .	Plur
Among the wreaths was a bunch of flowers from the garden where he fell .	Plur
In 1940 , Pugsley raised it from a subspecies to the full species " Orchis traunsteineriodes " .	Plur
In 2015 , Arenas won the WOGA Classic .	Plur
The Pathans of Tamil Nadu are Urdu-speaking Muslims of Pashtun ancestry who have migrated to and settled in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu .	Plur
The Pathans of Tamil Nadu speak Dakhni Urdu as their mother tongue .	Plur
There are universes so remote from our daily life that , once seen , strike us so compellingly that we have no choice but to yield	Plur
The usefulness of a work of this sort does not end with the presentation of the play itself .	Plur
The ex-Confederates and runaway slaves form a revolt against the Confederacy .	Plur
Four spruce longerons formed the basis of the fuselage , which was plywood-covered forward from the cockpit area .	Plur
However , in the past defibrillators were usually only available in very specific places and could only be used by trained people .	Plur
Feedback suppressors use three main methods to control feedback ,	Plur
The Waterboys are a band formed in 1983 by Mike Scott .	Plur
The Tune and Avechucos Formations are equivalent to the Chorro and Chuspas Groups .	Plur
" Raymon glues and chemicals " , which produces gelatin , is the biggest factory in Asia for the product .	Plur
The non-Jews were definitely not included in the subject transport .	Plur
The 30S subunit binds to the mRNA template at a purine-rich region ( the Shine-Dalgarno sequence ) upstream of the AUG initiation codon .	Plur
The ribosome dimers represent a hibernation state and are translationally inactive .	Plur
But the leftists have now corrupted that once-proud term to identify themselves and their program of more government ownership of property and more controls over persons .	Plur
Additionally , RNA helicases such as DHX29 and Ded1 / DDX3 may participate in the process of translation initiation , especially for mRNAs with structured 5'UTRs .	Plur
Howells and Hood employed the talents of their frequent collaborator Rene Paul Chambellan for the ornamentation and sculptures .	Plur
By supplementing insurance with Transurance , insurance recoveries will more closely resemble the total economic loss of insured events .	Plur
The ULS ( UMIST Linear System ) is a gas target divertor simulator located on the former UMIST campus of the University of Manchester .	Plur
These compacts affect the balance of power between states , federal , and tribal governments .	Plur
In addition , compacts often include language relating to a state 's right to enforce criminal and civil law and prosecution for gambling-related crimes .	Plur
The Hot Puppies are a Welsh band from Aberystwyth , now based in Cardiff , previously signed to Fierce Panda Records .	Plur
On 29 September 2008 , The Hot Puppies released " Blue Hands " .	Plur
Carpet sweepers frequently have a height adjustment that enables them to work on different lengths of carpet , or bare floors .	Plur
Carpet sweepers are still available in many parts of the world .	Plur
There were 4 Freemen who had 1 hide and 1 virgate ; they could grant to whom they would .	Plur
Likewise , protective amulets bearing the likenesses of gods and goddesses like Taweret were commonly worn .	Plur
In 2013 , The Flamingos released the Diamond Anniversary Tour CD .	Plur
Perpetrators generally regard the act as a form of ridicule to embarrass and humiliate the victim .	Plur
The DCS 760 's initial list price was $ 8,000 .	Plur
Leading financiers and industrialists accepted extensive bureaucratic controls in return for assurances of minimal public ownership of economic enterprises and certain monopolistic ( or restricted-competition ) privileges .	Plur
Nerves control the contraction of muscles by determining the number , sequence , and force of muscular contraction .	Plur
A disturbed Stivers recognizes the voice as belonging to Detective Robert Castleman ( Lance Lewman ) .	Plur
Tasks originate on a client , are transmitted from the client to the job server , and performed on one or more workers .	Plur
Lockesburg Waterworks are a water storage and distribution facility at the junction of Hickory and Azalea Streets in Lockesburg , Arkansas .	Plur
The runaways were of various standing within Māori society , ranging from slaves to high-ranking advisors .	Plur
Some runaways remained little more than prisoners , while others abandoned European culture and identified as Māori .	Plur
Regular panellists are subject to change .	Plur
Beverages include hot chocolate , atole with chocolate , tepache , and mezcal .	Plur
Her nails begin to grow and she is shown lacing a pair of boots .	Plur
The auction house Bonhams sold the contents of his studio in 2004 .	Plur
The Cenobites offer sadomasochistic pleasures to humans who enter their dominion , while the Inquisition processes the souls of sinners .	Plur
His black spectacles convey the impression of soulless eyes .	Plur
As a result , music superstars have been trying a new method for increasing album profits : exclusively releasing their music on a specific digital music distributor .	Plur
The BPS worked in partnership with the Chronic Pain Policy Coalition , to devise questions for this snapshot survey of the nation ’ s health .	Plur
Rails : with carved and panelled standards , turned , twisted and carved balusters , carved upper and lower rails . "	Plur
Upon realising that ' liquid gold ' was also a lucrative opportunity , the Ryans leased the Miners ' Arms Hotel .	Plur
In their 11th season under head coach Len Casanova , the Webfoots compiled a 4 – 6 record and outscored their opponents , 152 to 112 .	Plur
In their ninth season under head coach Len Casanova , the Webfoots compiled an 8 – 2 record and outscored their opponents , 209 to 113 .	Plur
The Last Rites of Joe May is a 2011 American drama film written and directed by Joe Maggio .	Plur
To get started with SINGA , there are some tutorials available as Jupyter notebooks .	Plur
The tutorials cover the following :	Plur
Two such illusions are the Ebbinghaus and the Ponzo illusions .	Plur
In line with these findings , Hedden and colleagues ( 2009 ) used the same visual stimuli to investigate the neural activity with the help of fMRI .	Plur
Oats are the most popular crop , followed by early potatoes , barley for seed , wheat and sugar beet .	Plur
Recipes include Haricot Mutton , Green Pea Soup and Baked Beef .	Plur
Cows may give per day of milk with more than 3.5 % fat .	Plur
In order to infect , ascospores must land on leaves that have free-standing water on them .	Plur
Next the ascospores penetrate through the leaf cuticle .	Plur
The ascospores have a smooth inner wall and a furrowed outer wall .	Plur
Hand claps , backing vocals and synthesizer are some notable additions .	Plur
smiths ) of Perth issued a decree that " neither servants nor apprentices " play football " under penalty of a pound of wax " .	Plur
Beverages include tea , coffee , and juices , and snacks include goli baje , bitten rice , sajjige , and onion baje .	Plur
These impairments often result in a decreased attention span ; persons who consider themselves well-rested may still succumb to drowsiness at inopportune moments .	Plur
The accelerometers measured vehicle acceleration along the X , Y , and Z axes .	Plur
The prisms reflected infrared beams sent into the ST-124 by a theodolite stationed 700 feet away from the launch pad .	Plur
The gyros , accelerometers and pendulums contain almost frictionless nitrogen gas bearings .	Plur
There are now two ploughs in demesne and six villans and one bordar with two ploughs .	Plur
The Assizes was famous for its power to inflict harsh punishments .	Plur
If riots were to happen , there would be fireballs made of rock strewn and shot at the rioters .	Plur
The peninsulas of Sandy Hook and Rockaway in Lower New York Bay define the southern entrance to the port at the Atlantic Ocean .	Plur
The interviewers and interviewees were not the only issue that caused the Federal Writers ’ Project to lack accuracy .	Plur
However , many interviewers felt that discredited their writing ability , and added descriptions of the area and individuals to make the writings more stylish .	Plur
Apartheid was in its death throes and security was tight , with armed police checking ID tags at the center entrance .	Plur
Two lefties , Mika Luoto and Shannon Pluhowsky emerged as champions .	Plur
Lopes scored his first top flight goal on 29 September 2014 , netting the game 's only in a home win over FC Universitatea Cluj .	Plur
Witherslack Mosses are a fragmented wetland west of the Kent estuary in Cumbria , England , within the Lake District National Park .	Plur
There were also many recoveries of banded birds in South Georgia .	Plur
Rather thin , slightly concave diaphragms are present in the early , adapical , portion .	Plur
45 % of Southern White farmers were sharecroppers and 77 % of Southern Black farmers were sharecroppers by 1935 .	Plur
The iron meteorites formed part of the core of the planetesimal and the winonaites were closer to the surface .	Plur
The cymes of the shrub are have few flowers or are corymbose and possess bracts .	Plur
Landscape genomics combines aspects of landscape ecology , population genetics and landscape genetics .	Plur
Laura Osorio Hoyos ( born 28 November 1995 ) is a Colombian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Mundo Colombia 2018 .	Plur
There are six sludge digesters on the site , which occupies , and they produce enough gas to generate 2.3 MW of electricity .	Plur
Labourers got 14 shillings a week , and skilled carpenters and bricklayers £ 4 ; accommodation was not provided and most used tents .	Plur
Antunes moved to New York from the United Kingdom in 1993 to work as a foreign correspondent .	Plur
Team workouts consisted of two men and two women and the teams were allowed two substitute competitors on their roster .	Plur
Profiles of Nature is a long-running Canadian nature documentary television show .	Plur
The smallmouth grunts live during daytime in school near reefs or rocks and disperse at night to feed at the open sea .	Plur
Excluding previews , its total three-day opening was $ 8.1 million .	Plur
There are 294 light globes on three circuits .	Plur
Circular moulded cartouches adorn the exterior in a number of places .	Plur
As with the upper gate , there are lesenes and round-arched friezes next to the gateway .	Plur
The sheaths can be up to long .	Plur
The CCGs took on the responsibilities of the former PCTs in April 2013 .	Plur
The fleur-de-lis flowered was suggested by the coat of arms of Florence , Italy , where the battalion was activated after being reconstituted in 1944 .	Plur
The fleur-de-lis flowered was suggested by the coat of arms of Florence , Italy , where the battalion was activated after being reconstituted in 1944 .	Plur
Quartets performing for evaluation receive a scoresheet with comments and grade , but are not awarded a score and are not eligible for awards .	Plur
Quartets can contain members who are registered in different regions , in which case all their regions are listed .	Plur
The Seabees soon proved to be too small and instead bought an eight-passenger Short Sealands were bought .	Plur
Visual Forensics involves creating a visual summary of potentially hazardous user activity .	Plur
Platts was a World War I veteran and served as Assistant Division Adjutant of the Port of Hoboken .	Plur
Though Blondeau 's exact method was secretive , numismatists have asserted that it likely resembled the later device invented by Jean Castaing .	Plur
Mukhi headmen generally came from the wealthiest or most prominent families within their community and acted as the president of the local panchayats .	Plur
The Utica Mohawks are a defunct professional ice hockey team that played from 1978 to 1980 in the Eastern Hockey League .	Plur
Under head coaches Chuck Catto and Larry Mickey , the Mohawks compiled a two-season combined record of 57 wins , 77 losses , and 6 ties .	Plur
Here are some popular " kritis " composed in this ragam .	Plur
Bennetts left Tablewaiters after the " Gate " recordings and was replaced by Phillip Hyrwka on drums .	Plur
Looser Than Clams ... A Historical Retrospective is a retrospective compilation album by Zoogz Rift , released in December 1986 by SST Records .	Plur
Wessels has also presented the Dutch national basketball team on various tournaments .	Plur
Wessels started his professional career in 2004 , with the Amsterdam Astronauts of the Dutch top-tier Eredivisie .	Plur
In 2009 , there were 2.6 million carers who provided assistance to those who needed help because of disability or old age .	Plur
Medeiros had made a number of amateur shorts before starting his first major film project .	Plur
Hillair Fettes ( 1 March 1898 – 31 December 1971 ) was a Luxembourgian wrestler .	Plur
1,600 crores added to SBI .	Plur
" 2013 Aberto de Tênis do Rio Grande do Sul	Plur
Bernds then wrote the script .	Plur
Bernds says the film was financially successful and had a long run on television .	Plur
Both confederations claim their origin to the Bedouin tribe and the Ghafiri also trace their roots to the Nizari or Adnani tribes .	Plur
The confederations played a role in the political history of Oman , with Omani tribes being affiliated with one or the other confederation .	Plur
Ecologists also have concerns about the ecological impact on forests when trees are cut down to make way for access roads .	Plur
The Congregationalists hired Elijah E. Myers to design a new church , which was built in 1879-80 .	Plur
The Benders were a Sydney jazz band .	Plur
Benders may also refer to :	Plur
During his kingship , the most powerful chiefdoms in the region were the Ndwandwe and Mtetwa .	Plur
His memos and questions upon documents were masterpieces and calculated to try the patience of the most saintly .	Plur
Sascha Mölders scored for Augsburg .	Plur
The Steamers became the Atlanta Quicksilver for the 1991 SISL outdoor season and the Atlanta Lightning for the 1991 – 1992 SISL indoor season .	Plur
As a result of shortages of space , Hagans often had to limit its operations .	Plur
By then Hagans had built 1,251 locomotives .	Plur
These minor scratches can damage the surface of the lens and impair vision .	Plur
The Toffees took control early on and goals from Brazilian Jô and Joleon Lescott gave the home side a 2 – 0 half-time lead .	Plur
Increases were particularly high in North Carolina , especially in the mountains , where average prices were as much as 60 cents higher than the national average .	Plur
Madrigals have a heavy winter schedule , as they do holiday gigs for restaurants and families that hire them .	Plur
The major livelihoods for residents of Lagma are Fishing and Livestock ; mainly the keeping of cattle animals , goats and duck .	Plur
Traps need to be checked and reset regularly , which makes them labour-intensive .	Plur
Sufferers may be young and healthy .	Plur
Sufferers are more likely to seek plastic surgery to cut and stretch wrinkles to make them look more youthful	Plur
Heats and final took place on August 11 .	Plur
Current-day target crossbows must conform to various limitations according to the governing body under which the shoot or tournament is taking place .	Plur
Science Noodles ( ) are a brand of instant noodle that is marketed in Taiwan by the Uni-President Enterprises Corporation .	Plur
The Keystones were instrumental in changing the league from amateur to professional , and were the first to import players from Canada .	Plur
Oranges and milk became staple products .	Plur
The Leones were an official minor league affiliate of Mexican Premier League team Cruz Azul .	Plur
There were three hans or feudal domains in Japan called	Plur
Two positives were the arrival of John Kennedy and Roy Simmonds .	Plur
Simmonds would play 192 games and win the club 's Best and Fairest award in 1955 .	Plur
Jeans had not coached in the VFL for five years .	Plur
The Under-19s played in two grand finals , losing the first in 1969 to Richmond but in 1972 won against North Melbourne .	Plur
In the category of topological manifolds , locally flat submanifolds play a role similar to that of embedded submanifolds in the category of smooth manifolds .	Plur
Local flatness and the topology of ridge networks is of importance in the study of crumpled structures with importance in materials processing and mechanical engineering .	Plur
Local flatness of an embedding implies strong properties not shared by all embeddings .	Plur
Godse illustrated many books and magazines .	Plur
Couriers will pick up specimens that have been drawn throughout the day and deliver them to the lab .	Plur
Three blazes remained , with the fires destructive path continuing in Arcadia and Mt .	Plur
Program lifecycles are continuous with a planned schedule of technology refreshes .	Plur
Aviation watchdogs once measured safety by the number of accidents .	Plur
Government shutdowns , furloughs , sequestration , and the lack of a long-term reauthorization make planning and executing modernization efforts more difficult .	Plur
There are only 11 councilors in the Pinseque 's town hall .	Plur
Sights include the ancient Roman Mausoleum of the Atilii and the Sádaba Castle .	Plur
Sights include the Mudéjar church of Santa María , begun in the late 13th century and finished in the 14th century .	Plur
There are some hermitages too .	Plur
His candidacies in 1948 and 1950 were unsuccessful .	Plur
Villanueva de las Peras ( ) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .	Plur
Two-Face seeks revenge on Greymatter for reanimating the corpses of henchmen he has killed himself , claiming them as property .	Plur
" The Splits are a geological phenomenon .	Plur
There are 20 gurdwaras in Thailand , but all are known as Sikh temples , excluding the ones listed .	Plur
In 1520 , the comuneros destroyed a large part of the town .	Plur
Bair introduced Bianchi to DC Comics editor Peter Tomasi .	Plur
Even the punchlines , don ’ t pack the same thump as prior .	Plur
In the mid-1910s , Kessel and Baumann also branched into film distribution with their Mutual Film Corporation , which later was absorbed into Triangle Film Corporation .	Plur
Early bookings included recurring engagements in Los Angeles , Hollywood , Albuquerque , Phoenix , the High Desert of California , and Reno .	Plur
Congregationalists and Presbyterians also held services in this building for a time as a combined congregation .	Plur
Nyssa sinensis ( Chinese tupelo ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cornaceae ( or Nyssaceae ) , native to China and Vietnam .	Plur
Perpetrators expose the victim to high amounts of psychological stress induced by threats , fear , and physical and emotional violence .	Plur
During the initiation phase , traffickers use foot-in-the-door techniques of persuasion to lead their victims into various trafficking industries .	Plur
Traffickers take advantage of family dysfunction , homelessness , and history of childhood abuse to psychologically manipulate women and children into the trafficking industry .	Plur
In order to gain complete control of the child , traffickers often destroy physical and mental health of the children through persistent physical and emotional abuse .	Plur
Adaptations of Turkish classic novels began to be produced .	Plur
In polar regions , mires are usually shallow , because of the slow rate of accumulation of dead organic matter , and often contain permafrost .	Plur
In the sub-tropics , mires are rare and restricted to the wettest areas .	Plur
In the tropics , mires can again be extensive , typically underlying tropical rainforest ( e.g .	Plur
Therefore mires are typically nutrient-poor and acidic unless the inflow of groundwater ( bringing in supplementary cations ) is high .	Plur
If teams were tied on number of wins , the tie-breakers were leg difference and then group stage average .	Plur
In 1974 , Withers converted to Catholicism and was baptized ; shortly after , he started to live a religious life .	Plur
In 1989 , Withers and Sister Margaret McKenna moved to inner city Philadelphia and founded New Jerusalem Laura , a drug treatment center .	Plur
Withers petitioned the Archdiocese of Philadelphia to become a consecrated hermit several times but was rejected .	Plur
The same year , Withers left home for nearby Camden , New Jersey , to live in and repair abandoned row houses .	Plur
After his baptism , Withers lived in a loosely affiliated religious community .	Plur
While there , Withers almost got married but decided that he wanted to live a religious life instead .	Plur
Before taking his vows , Withers had looked into several religious orders , but he could not find one that he felt compatible with .	Plur
Two years later , in 1991 , Withers bought a derelict rowhouse from the city of Philadelphia for $ 1 and parted ways with McKenna .	Plur
In 1995 , Withers attempted to be consecrated by the Archdiocese of Philadelphia but was rejected .	Plur
Withers was the first hermit to be consecrated by the Archdiocese .	Plur
Ripples of Desire ( 花漾 , " Hua Yang " ) is a 2012 Taiwanese film directed by Zero Chou .	Plur
The ever practical Frost chides and ridicules Snow for jeopardizing everything they 've sacrificed so much for .	Plur
In his workshop there were panoramic daguerreotypes of the river Seine , preserved today in the Carnavalet Museum .	Plur
The HDZ held important positions in the Bosnian government including the premiership and the ministry of defence , but despite this carried out a separate policy .	Plur
The HOS included Croats and Bosniaks in its ranks and initially cooperated with both the ARBiH and the HVO .	Plur
The VRS captured Modriča on 28 June , Derventa on 4 – 5 July and Odžak on 12 July .	Plur
The VRS successes in northern Bosnia resulted in increasing numbers of Bosniak refugees fleeing south towards the HVO-held regions of central Bosnia .	Plur
Asteroids in this dynamical group have semi-major axis between 3.7 and 4.2 AU and stay in a 3 : 2 resonance with the gas giant Jupiter .	Plur
After the disappointment of this game , the bulldogs would never have another blackout game until 2016 where they faced against Louisiana-Lafayette .	Plur
The Jackrabbits got the ball back with 31 seconds to play and the score tied but chose not to sit on it .	Plur
These talas in their modern form are the dhruva , mathya , rupaka , jhampa , triputa , atta and eka talas .	Plur
These talas are now in exclusive usage in Carnatic music .	Plur
These betrayals demanded - in Cronin 's narrative - the ultimate price , which is death .	Plur
At the same time , about 150 Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcars became available from the active force .	Plur
These openers often take the form of I statements , e.g .	Plur
Hoyts then paid 5MMM for the right to use the Triple M name .	Plur
The CWS in Europe , part of the AEF , did not fall under Sibert 's control .	Plur
In addition to Cato and WSMR , the Tacos make use of the Pecos MOA that is east of Albuquerque and North of Roswell .	Plur
All the expositions are open to the public for free .	Plur
" One Too Many Mornings " is in the key of C Major and is fingerpicked .	Plur
Manatees are closely related to the dugong and to the extinct Steller 's sea cow .	Plur
These conveyors are suitable for light applications up to 50 kg such as cardboard boxes and tote boxes .	Plur
Line-shaft conveyors are also extremely safe for people to work around because the elastic belts can stretch and not injure fingers should any get caught underneath them .	Plur
Moreover , the spools will slip and allow the rollers to stop moving if clothing , hands or hair gets caught in them .	Plur
Since cortical deafness and auditory agnosia have many similarities , diagnosing the disorder proves to be difficult .	Plur
These and other defections restricted Umayyad rule to the region of Damascus .	Plur
The new 84 MSS fully ran the depot in Kosovo for about a year before handing control over to the resident Med Group of each tour .	Plur
The original inquests into the deaths returned open verdicts .	Plur
The class MR and class MRD are classes of diesel multiple units ( DMUs ) built for the Danish State Railways ( DSB ) .	Plur
NYX Cosmetics continues under other management as a part of L 'Oréal , and now provides products including lipstick , lip gloss , and mineral foundation .	Plur
Some subpopulations are in protected areas .	Plur
Nurpur is a village in Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar district of Punjab State , India .	Plur
" Lepisiota canescens " , from the genus " Lepisiota " , is a species of ant native to southern Ethiopia .	Plur
Ambitions is the eighth studio album by Japanese rock band One Ok Rock .	Plur
" Ambitions " became the band 's second number one album , and also resulted in becoming their highest first week sales for one of their albums .	Plur
There were several pea canneries in town .	Plur
The sugar beets came from the nearby Mormon town of Nibley , Oregon , and both were owned by the Oregon Sugar Company .	Plur
Many cattlemen and farmers live in the Enterprise area , including representatives of the Oregon Cattleman 's Association , the Wallowa County Stockgrowers , and other groups .	Plur
The Dalles is the county seat and largest city of Wasco County , Oregon , United States .	Plur
Fort Dalles became the nucleus of the town of The Dalles , which began to develop along the waterfront .	Plur
In 1984 The Dalles was the site of the first and single largest bioterrorism attack in United States history .	Plur
The Dalles is home to the main campus of Columbia Gorge Community College which began in 1977 as Wasco Area Education Service District .	Plur
Modes of transportation include private vehicles , public buses and light rail , and aircraft using the Hillsboro Airport .	Plur
Radiators used as condensers could also contain lead at the connections to the plumbing .	Plur
Despite this , distillers will usually collect the foreshots until the temperature of the still reaches 80 degrees celsius .	Plur
Major railroad shippers include Cascade Steel Rolling Mills , Land O 'Lakes Purina LLC , RB Rubber Products and McMinnville Gas .	Plur
Boyds has since closed down , and in 2018 , the cigar company was sold .	Plur
The NYC Know Your Rights Project is a collaboration with The Legal Aid Society and the New York Chapter of the American Immigration Lawyers Association .	Plur
Meter indicia serve as proof of payment , functioning as a postage stamp , a cancellation mark , and a dated postmark all in one .	Plur
The culmen is the portion of the anterior vermis adjacent to the primary fissure of cerebellum .	Plur
The culmen and the anterior parts of the quadrangular lobules form the lobus culminis .	Plur
Summaries ( abstracts ) were in English and Russian , and text of articles in Chinese .	Plur
Disparities within nations and growing poverty rates in many nations also provide compelling evidence of the idea that the rewards of economic globalization are uneven at best .	Plur
The additively indecomposable ordinals are precisely those ordinals of the form formula _ 3 for some ordinal formula _ 4 .	Plur
Besides 2 , the multiplicatively indecomposable ordinals ( also called " delta numbers " ) are those of the form formula _ 16 for any ordinal α .	Plur
An estimated 2,000 Namibians died in 5 prison camps run by SWAPO while in exile .	Plur
And white were the wands ,	Plur
Jesse concedes and wishes her a happy life .	Plur
The Yankees ' pinstripes on their home uniforms soon became a team symbol .	Plur
Shavers Fork ultimately joins the Black Fork at Parsons to form the Cheat at an elevation of 1621 ft ( 494 m ) .	Plur
Such subcategories of compact group unitary representations on Hilbert spaces are :	Plur
Bungalows are the most common house type , followed by examples of the stylistic influences of the Queen Anne and Tudor Revival styles .	Plur
September Category 5s reached their strengths in any of the Gulf of Mexico , Caribbean Sea , and open Atlantic .	Plur
Barrows continued to evolve this model , eventually bringing it to other physicians in the 1970s , and into the academic world in the 1980s .	Plur
Czech luthiers have built a reputation for their fine craftsmanship and quality instruments .	Plur
As of 2015 , military dictatorships , where there is " no " civilian control of the military , are :	Plur
According to observers outside Unit 4 , burning lumps of material and sparks shot into the air above the reactor .	Plur
All remaining dosimeters had limits of 0.001 R / s and therefore read " off scale " .	Plur
( Some radionuclides have decay products that are likewise radioactive , which is not accounted for here . )	Plur
Discoveries in the early 21st century have added dimension to the knowledge of the Milky Way 's structure .	Plur
These voids change shape over time , creating filamentous structures of galaxies .	Plur
The FCS curve by itself only represents a time-spectrum .	Plur
Conclusions on physical phenomena have to be extracted from there with appropriate models .	Plur
Unlike animal shelters , sanctuaries do not seek to place animals with individuals or groups , instead maintaining each animal until its natural death .	Plur
[ 1 ] Unlike animal shelters , sanctuaries do not seek to place animals with individuals or groups , instead maintaining each animal until its natural death .	Plur
Twelve billion euros are to be invested in new and revised trains by 2030 and 1,500 new employees will be offered jobs .	Plur
The 25th and 75th undergraduate GPA percentiles were 3.37 and 3.80 , respectively , with a median of 3.71 .	Plur
In 1609 the Shetland lairds complained to the king of Earl Patrick 's misrule of the islands .	Plur
Also in top echelons of importance were actresses Mae Murray and Viola Dana and from the stage Lionel and Ethel Barrymore , Emmy Wehlen and Emily Stevens .	Plur
Hieroglyphics , also known as the Hieroglyphics Crew and Hiero , is an American underground hip hop collective based in Oakland , California .	Plur
Since their inception , Hieroglyphics have found a following largely through their live concerts , podcasts ( " Hierocasts " ) , and promotion through their website .	Plur
Operatives themselves simulate the hostage .	Plur
The standardized cutoffs used differ from the original :	Plur
Its side ' wind wing-walls ' directs wind into the dining area .	Plur
Stilted granaries are also a common feature in West Africa , e.g. , in the Malinke language regions of Mali and Guinea .	Plur
The Spanish arquebusiers , who were better armed and trained , peppered the French cavalry .	Plur
ft . Daktronics 15HD LED video board in the eastern corner of the south endzone above the lower stands .	Plur
Phyllis ' smarts and creativity prove successful , as they sell over 4,000 boxes , more than enough to qualify for the Jamboree .	Plur
The Red Feathers , led now by Velda 's daughter Cleo , leave her behind for the sake of winning .	Plur
The Red Feathers cross the finish line first but are disqualified because council law stipulates the leader must be with the troop .	Plur
Cool downs should involve the following important steps to ensure an effective cool down .	Plur
The borides are a very large group of compounds that are generally high melting and are covalent more than ionic in nature .	Plur
Some borides exhibit very useful physical properties .	Plur
Metal-rich borides , as a group , are inert and have high melting temperature .	Plur
The boron rich borides contain 3-dimensional frameworks of boron atoms that can include boron polyhedra .	Plur
The metal rich borides contain single boron atoms , B units , boron chains or boron sheets / layers .	Plur
The Aeros would sweep the series in four games , outscoring the Cougars 22-9 .	Plur
After the Stanley Cup became the professional championship , the Victorias continued in senior-level amateur play , winning the Allan Cup in 1911 and 1912 .	Plur
From 1889 until 1892 , the Victorias played exhibitions and played against other Winnipeg teams .	Plur
The Victorias helped to found the Manitoba Hockey Association in 1893 .	Plur
The Victorias first won the Stanley Cup in 1896 , defeated the Montreal Victorias in a single-game challenge 2-0 on February 14 , 1896 in Montreal .	Plur
In February 1899 , the Victorias would lose a two-game total goals series 5-3 against Montreal .	Plur
These plicae have hundreds of bursal follicles containing follicle-associated epithelial cells , lymphocytes , macrophages , and plasma cells .	Plur
Design powerplants included the Continental A65-8 of , Continental C90-14F of , Continental O-200A of and a Lycoming O-235C1 of .	Plur
Bogey didn 't play those games .	Plur
Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim .	Plur
Scholar – Scholastics help keep the gentleman ’ s mind fine honed .	Plur
Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim .	Plur
Two astrophysicists , Stoddard and Arnold , are having trouble with solar infra-red observations ; they find that some wavelengths have simply disappeared .	Plur
Diseases that are often in the differential include :	Plur
There are several arginase isozymes that differ in catalytic , molecular and immunological properties .	Plur
Agmatinase hydrolyses agmatine to putrescine , the precursor for the biosynthesis of higher polyamines , spermidine and spermine .	Plur
Formiminoglutamase catalyses the fourth step in histidine degradation , acting to hydrolyse N-formimidoyl-L-glutamate to L-glutamate and formamide .	Plur
The leftists contended that the Klansmen and the Nazis left their cars and opened fire with shotguns , rifles and pistols .	Plur
" Bums " is a history of the Los Angeles Dodgers ballclub when they were still playing in Brooklyn , NY .	Plur
Lysons is a surname , and may refer to :	Plur
Des Bosses joined the Society of Jesus in 1686 .	Plur
By the 1990s Virgin Megastores had become an international franchise as part of the Virgin Group .	Plur
Pastures and plains became shrivelled wastelands : water-holes disappeared , creeks dried up , and trees turned into combustible timber .	Plur
" Addis v Gramophone Co Ltd	Plur
Lambertia inermis , Noongar chittick , is a shrub which is endemic to south-west Western Australia .	Plur
However , most pediatricians agree that masturbation is a normal and common behaviour in young children and should be recognized as such .	Plur
The pops performed by the popper normally occur on every beat or on the distinct back beats .	Plur
Bradstreet 's first two quaternions were her most successful .	Plur
While he was in Turdetania , the Lusitanians , who were also rebelling , carried out raids in the area .	Plur
The Rhodians supplied him with additional ships .	Plur
In response , RealNetworks amended its privacy policy to fully disclose its privacy practices regarding user listening patterns .	Plur
Since buses are usually powered by internal combustion engines , bus metros raise ventilation issues similar to those of motor vehicle tunnels .	Plur
The scheme backfires : Sir John is seriously wounded , further stoking Peter 's hatred .	Plur
LucasArts also said in 2002 that both the Xbox and PlayStation 2 would get a version of the game , however both versions were cancelled .	Plur
Tokens collected would get you a 5 piece jewelry set that granted advantages for that profession .	Plur
Suggestions to extend the definition to include the protection of non-human species or the protection of the environment are controversial " .	Plur
To protect against breathing in radioactive particles in ambient air , respirators with particulate filters are worn .	Plur
Lafleur started playing hockey at the age of five after receiving his first hockey stick as a Christmas present .	Plur
Lafleur remained one of the few players who did not wear protective helmets due to a grandfather clause .	Plur
Lafleur is the all-time leading scorer in Canadiens history , notching 1,246 points ( 518 goals and 728 assists ) in his 14 years with the Habs .	Plur
Lafleur became the first player in NHL history to score at least 50 goals and 100 points in six consecutive seasons as a Hab .	Plur
Lafleur sold the " Bleu , Blanc Rouge " in December 2012 for over $ 5 million .	Plur
Lafleur has filed a $ 2.8 million civil suit against police and prosecutors , claiming that his rights were violated .	Plur
Other URIs are not locators and are not necessarily resolvable within the bounds of the systems where they are found .	Plur
These URIs may serve as names or identifiers of resources .	Plur
At the time , detached retinas meant automatic retirement for fighters , and Mouzon had to retire at the young age of 19 .	Plur
Biggers and Stover contributed both scripts and songs to the series .	Plur
These infomercials also appeared under the title of " Success-N-Life " on " BET Inspiration " .	Plur
There have been three trade paperbacks :	Plur
Ballots allow students to vote on leadership positions , senator positions and advisory resolutions .	Plur
3728 IRAS , provisional designation , is a stony asteroid from the middle region of the asteroid belt , approximately 20 kilometers in diameter .	Plur
The earliest eukaryotes were likely protists .	Plur
The CASA chaperone complex recognizes mechanically damaged cytoskeleton components and directs these components through a ubiquitin-dependent autophagic sorting pathway to lysosomes for disposal .	Plur
Red-vented bulbuls feed on fruits , petals of flowers , nectar , insects and occasionally geckos .	Plur
Like most birds , these bulbuls are hosts to coccidian blood parasites ( " Isospora " sp . )	Plur
Black bulbuls feed mainly on seeds and insects , and they are often seen in small groups , either roosting or flying about in search of food .	Plur
Phat Fashions encompassed not only hip hop clothing for men , but also women and children .	Plur
Phat Fashions grew into a lifestyle brand with the addition of jewelry , perfume , and other merchandise .	Plur
Fireworks designed in the shape of watermelons and apples can only be seen here in Hata .	Plur
After the Japanese invasion of China in 1937 , the Snows became founding members of the Chinese Industrial Cooperative Association ( Indusco ) .	Plur
According to " " The Kiel Approach to Collaborative Systems " " there are three viewpoints of collaboration : communication , coordination and collaboration .	Plur
Power Napping Enablers and sleep timers allow properly timed power napping .	Plur
On January 17 , 2010 , Veazey presented his second revelation , which was officially approved as Section 164 in April 2010 .	Plur
Nickles said , " If some state wishes to recognize same-sex marriage , they can do so " .	Plur
When the abscess wall ruptures internally , the drainage carrying bacteria seeps through the soft tissue and infects the nearby structures .	Plur
This septic thrombophlebitis can give rise to septic microemboli that disseminate to other parts of the body where they can form abscesses and septic infarctions .	Plur
Some pipers can converse or sing while playing .	Plur
The Pastoral pipes were bellows blown and played in either a seated or standing position .	Plur
Cruise itineraries from Tampa include stops in the Eastern and Western Caribbean islands , Honduras , Belize , and Mexico .	Plur
The Tampa Smokers were the city 's first minor league team , beginning play as charter members of the new Florida State League in 1919 .	Plur
The St. Marys watershed is part of Lake Erie 's watershed .	Plur
Other microclimates , known as frost hollows or frost pockets , exist throughout the county in small isolated valleys .	Plur
The Amish & Mennonite Heritage Center in Berlin explains traditional ways of the Amish and provides an illustrated history for visitors in its 10-foot-by-265-foot mural .	Plur
Both crushes are brief ; eventually Judith and Alistair fall for each other and , in the final series , marry .	Plur
Sights were rudimentary or non-existent , and elevation was controlled by wedges and guesswork .	Plur
The smaller carronades served in three roles .	Plur
Other navies ended up building 74s also as they had the right balance between offensive power , cost , and manoeuvrability .	Plur
Paddle steamers , however , had major disadvantages .	Plur
Through the 1840s , the British and French navies launched ever larger and more powerful screw ships , alongside sail-powered ships of the line .	Plur
The clown personages play dual roles .	Plur
In 2017 the Amish accounted for 19.8 % of Geauga County 's population .	Plur
The young man 's moccasins and leggings were also white .	Plur
His footsteps shook the canyon walls .	Plur
The elk and buffalo multiplied , and some left her herd to form other herds and spread across the land .	Plur
The gravesites of David and Margaret Gregory indicate they were some of the first white settlers in the area in Liberty Township .	Plur
According to Entine , eugenics developed out of the Progressive Era and not " Hitler 's twisted Final Solution . "	Plur
More recently , Berens relocated to Amsterdam , where he began exhibiting his work in 2004 .	Plur
In his work , Berens represents an imaginary world he has been seeing since he was a child .	Plur
Berens explained , " Bouguereau , Ingres , Vermeer and others , I 've known by heart ever since I was a little boy ...	Plur
Vertebrates have altered the structure of the skin to accommodate the stresses and strains of flight .	Plur
Calliotropis ottoi , common name Otto 's spiny margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eucyclidae .	Plur
Calliotropis regalis , or the " regal spiny margarite " , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eucyclidae .	Plur
All S1A interceptors had twin Mark 1 Amal carburettors .	Plur
Japanese management practises in Malaysia in the 1980s and 1990s show a different pattern of interethnic relations .	Plur
Of those podiums , three were race victories that came in the final four races of the season , including a double at Ahvenisto .	Plur
Recording over 20 cds with performances in 21 countries and 45 U.S. states , bailey led a vigorous schedule for the 14 years after diagnosis .	Plur
To remedy the location problem the RNLI acquired some land north of the existing station on the western point overlooking the harbour mouth .	Plur
On 29 October 1880 , gales were lashing the north coast of Norfolk .	Plur
There are three " lifelines " - fifty fifty , phone a friend and ask the audience .	Plur
The Four Freedoms were goals articulated by United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt on Monday , January 6 , 1941 .	Plur
The Freedoms became the staple of America 's war aims , and the center of all attempts to rally public support for the war .	Plur
The predicates " is a philosopher " and " is a scholar " each take a single variable .	Plur
In general , predicates can take several variables .	Plur
Similarly , derivations in the limited systems may be longer than derivations in systems that include additional connectives .	Plur
the Skyliners Frankfurt won the German Basketball Championship in 2004 and the German Cup in 2000 .	Plur
In French medieval cuisine , banquets were common among the aristocracy .	Plur
The strawberries and melons are also of high quality .	Plur
The Pyrenees also support lamb , such as the " " Agneau de Pauillac " " , as well as sheep cheeses .	Plur
Snails are plentiful and are prepared in a specific " Catalan " style known as a " cargolade " .	Plur
From an acoustic point of view , phonetics had a serious problem with the idea that length of vocal tract changed vowels .	Plur
The plasticizers used to make the film flexible evaporated quickly , making the film dry and brittle , causing splices to part and perforations to tear .	Plur
Northerners at the time found it hard to believe that such a great orator had once been a slave .	Plur
Before the twentieth century , " hydrodynamics " was synonymous with fluid dynamics .	Plur
Airplanes achieve similar results with small specialised fins that change the shape of their wings and tail fins .	Plur
Contemporary surfboards often have a centre fin and two cambered side fins .	Plur
Cetacean flukes are horizontal and move up and down , because cetacean spines bend the same way as in other mammals .	Plur
In the end , the disguises successfully fool the jötnar and , upon sight of it , Thor regains his hammer by force .	Plur
Besides its worldwide institutions there are six confederations recognised by FIFA which oversee the game in the different continents and regions of the world .	Plur
Fascists saw World War I as a revolution that brought massive changes to the nature of war , society , the state and technology .	Plur
Fascists advocate a mixed economy , with the principal goal of achieving autarky ( national economic self-sufficiency ) through protectionist and interventionist economic policies .	Plur
The Fascists presented themselves as anti-Marxists and as opposed to the Marxists .	Plur
Many Fascists saw the Charter of Carnaro as an ideal constitution for a Fascist Italy .	Plur
The Fascists and the Italian political right held common ground : both held Marxism in contempt , discounted class consciousness and believed in the rule of elites .	Plur
The Fascists met little serious resistance from authorities and proceeded to take over several northern Italian cities .	Plur
The Fascists attacked the headquarters of socialist and Catholic labour unions in Cremona and imposed forced Italianization upon the German-speaking population of Trent and Bolzano .	Plur
After seizing these cities , the Fascists made plans to take Rome .	Plur
Usually hot chisels are thinner and therefore can not be substituted with cold chisels .	Plur
Fullers are forming tools of different shapes used in making grooves or hollows .	Plur
Temperate broadleaf and mixed forests include a substantial component of trees in the Anthophyta .	Plur
Kites have a long and varied history and many different types are flown individually and at festivals worldwide .	Plur
Kites were late to arrive in Europe , although windsock-like banners were known and used by the Romans .	Plur
Kites were also instrumental in the research of the Wright brothers , and others , as they developed the first airplane in the late 1800s .	Plur
Kites were the precursors to the traditional aircraft , and were instrumental in the development of early flying craft .	Plur
Kites and strings are a big business in the country and many types of strings are used : glass-coated strings , metal strings and tandi .	Plur
Kites start appearing in the sky in the weeks leading up to Easter and school children are taken to parks for the activity .	Plur
Kites with large surface area or powerful lift can lift kite fliers off the ground or drag them into other objects .	Plur
Science fiction fanzines had their beginnings in Serious & Constructive ( later shortened to sercon ) correspondence .	Plur
Science fiction fanzines used a variety of printing methods .	Plur
With the advent of computer printers and desktop publishing in the 1980s , fanzines began to look far more professional .	Plur
Media fanzines were originally merely a subgenre of SF fanzines , written by science fiction fans already familiar with apazines .	Plur
By the mid-1970s , there were enough media zines being published that adzines existed just to advertise all of the other zines available .	Plur
Although " Spockanalia " had a mix of stories and essays , most zines were all fiction .	Plur
Like SF fanzines , these media zines spanned the gamut of publishing quality from digest-sized mimeos to offset printed masterpieces with four-color covers .	Plur
Rather ... fanzines were the social glue that created a community out of a worldwide scattering of readers . "	Plur
Slash zines eventually became their own sub-subgenre ; in many fandoms you rarely saw slash and non-slash stories appear in the same zines .	Plur
Comics fanzines often include fan artwork based on existing characters as well as discussion of the history of comics .	Plur
As with comics zines , horror film fanzines grew from related interest within science fiction fan publications .	Plur
In the 1980s , with the rise of stadium superstars , many home-grown rock fanzines emerged .	Plur
Other UK fanzines included " Blam !	Plur
There are many smaller fanzines in existence throughout the UK that focus on punk .	Plur
In the UK , there were also fanzines that covered the local music scene in a particular town or city .	Plur
Video game fanzines first emerged during the second generation period when newsletters for computer user groups and stores were not uncommon , though not always well-known .	Plur
However some fanzines covered both topics ( e.g .	Plur
Several fanzines exist within the hobby of wargaming .	Plur
Other fanzines support Warhammer and other popular rules sets .	Plur
In the United States , sports fanzines are relatively rare .	Plur
There are two fanzines sold outside Fenway Park including " Yawkey Way Report " , which is run by a former Marine .	Plur
The novel 's preoccupations with violent sexuality and female agency have invited feminist interpretations .	Plur
The Marianas participated in combat on multiple occasions and acted as message runners for the army .	Plur
There are three known Christian martyrs from Roman Britain : Aaron , Julius , and Alban .	Plur
By December of the same year , ten thousand Ohioans were part of the Society .	Plur
The Seasiders had travelled to Wycombe Wanderers for their season opener just a few days before and shared out a goalless draw in Buckinghamshire .	Plur
In this system , the " aloes " form the tribe Aloeae .	Plur
Smoother polishes allow analysis of smaller features , but can also take longer or be more expensive to prepare .	Plur
His French and Latin doctoral theses were on the style of the Hebrew prophets , and on personal identity .	Plur
Musicals soon fascinated her by their unusual form , however , the singing itself not so much .	Plur
About 500 white supremacists came to demonstrate their opposition to Charlottesville City Council 's decision to remove Confederate monuments and memorials from public spaces .	Plur
The white supremacists came into closer contact with the counterprotesters lining the streets as law enforcement pushed them out of the Park .	Plur
Deck prisms carried light through the upper decks of ships and spread it in the decks below .	Plur
The underlying Triassic mudstones carry a mantle of glacial drift which has	Plur
Afterwards during the Edo period Tokugawa shogunate , Motomiya was part of the holding of Nihonmatsu Domain .	Plur
GTPases are common targets of AMPylators .	Plur
As a running gag in the show , their house shakes violently when a train passes by .	Plur
Unlike most comprehensive schools , Tulse Hill established detachments of the Army Cadet Force and the Air Training Corps .	Plur
The Kennedys researched the cabinet 's history and procedures for restoration during the 1980s .	Plur
Were the yellow armbands properly sewn to the jackets and overcoats , and did we have dog tags around our necks ?	Plur
Most microgames have a sound bite that signifies when the task is completed .	Plur
Boss microgames always occur at a set point in a stage .	Plur
These microgames usually involve memory or observation puzzles .	Plur
Certain microgames require a complete lack of input to complete .	Plur
To retain pace , the microgames will automatically end if cleared before a four-beat measure is met .	Plur
his microgames involve rubbing objects with the stylus .	Plur
The " tirailleurs " involved were former prisoners of war who had been repatriated to West Africa and placed in a holding camp awaiting discharge .	Plur
László Nemes ( born Nemes Jeles László ; ; 18 February 1977 ) is a Hungarian film director and screenwriter .	Plur
However , after its collapse in 1978 all its MKs except Yigael Yadin left the government .	Plur
The fin stabilizers were to reduce roll in rough weather during helicopter operations .	Plur
After a seven-year hiatus Cork 's hurlers claimed the provincial title in 1999 .	Plur
The mandalas are symbolic representations of sacred enclosures , sacred architecture that house and contain the uncontainable essence of a yidam .	Plur
Scholarships to the program are available based on financial need .	Plur
The light hammers would give upwards of 200 blows per minute .	Plur
The myoclonic jerks occur during non-REM sleep .	Plur
On 11 June 1981 at 16 : 50 , the D 1453 express from Düsseldorf to Chemnitz ( then Karl-Marx-Stadt ) crashed in Erfurt-Bischleben station .	Plur
The structural moieties constitute the proteracacinidin class of proanthocyanidins .	Plur
The foreign minister Vergennes gave him detailed instructions .	Plur
Known auxiliaries were at Calumet and Union City with several others in the El Reno area .	Plur
At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Hoskyns won silver in the épée , losing to Soviet fencer Grigory Kriss in the final .	Plur
In addition to the monster lairs , there are a few Non-player character hideouts .	Plur
There are derivates using this general design , like the MC1-1B parachute .	Plur
The Richardsons became active judges , both reaching the rank of International Skating Union ( ISU ) Championship ( World ) Judge .	Plur
The Richardsons served the National Skating Association ( now the National Ice Skating Association ) of Great Britain in many capacities .	Plur
The T-11 replaces the T-10 , introduced in 1955 .	Plur
Hedley succeeded Charles Close who had been appointed Director General of the Ordnance Survey .	Plur
Hedley played cricket whilst at Woolwich and for the Royal Engineers Cricket Club .	Plur
Hedley represented Kent in two further matches during 1888 .	Plur
Hedley played 84 first-class matches for Somerset from 1892 to 1904 , with his final first-class match for the county coming against Hampshire .	Plur
Hedley married Anna Susan Fellowes in 1894 at Gibralter Cathedral .	Plur
Most interviewers bowed and scraped before Bob Hope , but Gordon asked him about his defense of President Nixon during the Vietnam era .	Plur
Tropical evergreen and semi-evergreen forest cover a major area of the sanctuary .	Plur
The phasers are useless against the machine , and the ship is then caught in a tractor beam which draws it towards the planet killer 's maw .	Plur
The transporter malfunctions , and Scott races to set it right with advice from Spock .	Plur
" Ascaris " takes most of its nutrients from the partially digested host food in the intestine .	Plur
DeMatteis with art by Kevin Maguire ( and later Adam Hughes ) , added quirky humor to the team 's stories .	Plur
More cossacks arrived from the Kolyma ; Motora was killed and Stadukhin went south to find the Penzhina River .	Plur
The Firelands now constitutes Erie and Huron Counties , as well as part of Ashland County , Ohio .	Plur
Although not common , anaphylaxis may occur .	Plur
Testimonies are an integral part of every worship service .	Plur
The Congregationalists then joined with the Methodist Church and most of the Presbyterian Churches in Canada in 1925 to form the United Church of Canada .	Plur
For example , there are multiple leitmotifs just for the hobbits and the Shire .	Plur
Berkley received endorsements from groups such as The National Education Association , The Sierra Club and The National Women 's Political Caucus .	Plur
In March 1999 , Berkley married Dr. Lawrence Lehrner , a practicing nephrologist in Las Vegas .	Plur
Most autoclaves have meters and charts that record or display information , particularly temperature and pressure as a function of time .	Plur
Okotoks experienced the greatest increase while Thompson experienced the greatest decline .	Plur
Cancers often grow in an unbridled fashion because they are able to evade the immune system .	Plur
Often these memorandums illustrate a common and united sense of purpose between ARES and another organization .	Plur
The Malvern Hills Conservators are a body corporate responsible for the care and management of the Malvern Hills and Commons .	Plur
Selectors chose the relatively inexperienced foursome of Robyn Grey-Gardner , Karen Brancourt , Margot Foster , Chapman and coxswain Susan Lee .	Plur
Bundles for Britain , the BWRS and its affiliates have provided a wealth of items for collectors of home front memorabilia .	Plur
Two 18-year-olds were among the Conservative winners , David Fuller taking Bitterne by 460 votes and Matthew Jones gaining Peartree by over 500 votes .	Plur
Planas was the president of the organising committee , with Gené and V-Line 's Francesc Gutiérrez as stewards .	Plur
The following subsections highlight some of Chow 's interventions acknowledged by scholarly literature .	Plur
" The Gers " won 2 – 0 thanks to goals from Andrew Little and Naismith .	Plur
As governor , in 2015 , Ducey supported allowing same-sex couples to adopt children .	Plur
In January 2016 , Ducey appointed Clint Bolick to the Arizona Supreme Court .	Plur
In November 2016 , Ducey appointed Arizona Court of Appeals Judge Andrew Gould and state Solicitor General John Lopez IV to the two new seats .	Plur
In 2018 , Ducey announced his intention to run for reelection to a second term .	Plur
Pedro de Menezes ( sometimes modernized as ' de Meneses ' ) was the 2nd Count of Viana do Alentejo , 1st .	Plur
Despite having married four times , Pedro de Menezes did not have any direct male heirs .	Plur
Further incumbencies at Trefdraeth and Penmynydd followed before his appointment as Dean of Bangor in 1988 .	Plur
Other known paradoxes are the Ladder paradox and Bell 's spaceship paradox , which also can simply be solved by consideration of the relativity of simultaneity .	Plur
There are currently 167 batters and 35 records in the 50 Home Runs Club :	Plur
Military Coast Guard retirees will not receive an annuity if the shutdown extends past February 1st .	Plur
This pure love exposes White as imperfect , and she finally gives up , agreeing to help Steven .	Plur
In 1915 there were 1,10,397 bovines and 1,232 sheep reported killed by rinderpest .	Plur
There are about ten sub-sections of the village with one health post .	Plur
In discussing the Act 's passage , many commenters noted that it provides relief only to government employees .	Plur
Desjardins was the agricultural team leader on the Program of Energy Research and Development ( PERD ) from 1987 to 2007 .	Plur
There are 108 main asanas in the full range of Turan Yoga .	Plur
" P. hookeri " have an oblong and nearly erect lobes which are subtruncate and a little bit emarginated at the apex .	Plur
In the shortened regular season , the Admirals had a 6 – 2 record , then were the top seed in the four-team playoff bracket .	Plur
After defeating the Mississippi Pride in the semi-finals , the Admirals defeated the Houston Outlaws in the championship game , RFL Bowl I .	Plur
Nallur is famous for the Nallur Kandaswamy temple a popular place of worship and respectively the largest Saiva temple on the peninsula .	Plur
In the mid-1960s Steves drafted the initial resolutions to NDP conventions to establish an Agricultural Land Bank system in British Columbia .	Plur
In the late 1960s Steves co-founded the Richmond Anti-Pollution Association , one of the first environmental advocacy groups in Canada .	Plur
The Sinhalese who claim themselves as ' Thēravāda ' Buddhists failed to study ' symbolization ' in Mahāyāna Buddhism .	Plur
Only three-wheel autos are available for normal hire .	Plur
As the belt moves through the system , soil agitators lift the belt and turn the soil to enhance heat transfer and volatilization of organics .	Plur
After only three years , new Fundamentals of Copyright Law superseded the 1925 version .	Plur
The Fundamentals defined that copyright lasted throughout the life of the author ; individual republics of the union were free to define shorter terms .	Plur
Once the Paris version had become effective , accessions to the earlier Geneva version were no longer possible .	Plur
The sonars and echo sounders allow the vessels to chart waters up to deep .	Plur
Nestlings mature in about a month .	Plur
The rockfowl 's thighs are very muscular and aid its partially terrestrial lifestyle .	Plur
Despite this , zoos did have limited success and at least one zoo was able to hand-rear a white-necked rockfowl .	Plur
Suits such as the Nike “ Swift Suit ” may be more body-hugging , designed to maximize aerodynamics , rather than address issues of modesty .	Plur
Buša heifers are backward ; they become sexually mature only with two years .	Plur
As they wait for Hans to die , Kuipers and Rachel calmly debate what to do with Hans 's stolen treasure .	Plur
Telles then served in the U.S. Army Air Force where he became Chief of the Lend-Lease Program for Central and South America .	Plur
Telles left the service with the rank of major .	Plur
Telles died on March 8 , 2013 in Sherman Oaks , California at the age of 97 .	Plur
Those maidens could be the priestesses , the donor of the statue , or young girls who served the goddess .	Plur
Nestlings mature in about a month .	Plur
Stowers was the 1989 offensive coordinator , one of only two coordinators since 1900 to direct an offense of a team with a 15 – 0 record .	Plur
Stowers led the Eagles to their fourth I-AA championship against Nevada in his first season .	Plur
Shrews include the cinereus shrew , southeastern shrew , North American least shrew , and the Elliot 's short-tailed shrew .	Plur
Eastern elk once lived throughout the east , but was extirpated in the 19th century and declared as extinct by the U.S .	Plur
Currently there is no standard treatment regimen that must precede sacroiliac joint surgery .	Plur
Floodwaters inundated of farmlands , while bridges and railroads were washed out .	Plur
The kennels became the flagship of the two shelters and a Centre of Excellence .	Plur
There are no overdubs or other recording enhancements on this very live recording .	Plur
Prior to its 1957 shutdown , Rens had been the primary provider of hemp rope for the United States Navy .	Plur
These dignities are the Papal authority and the royal power .	Plur
After water dries-up , the farmer cultivates on the alluvial laid vast field and river bed becomes green Haor .	Plur
However , the x-rays in this case appear to originate from the Cepheid itself , not from the companion .	Plur
False positives occur when a DLP policy triggers and prevents legitimate outgoing communication .	Plur
There were three sub-classes but all were very similar .	Plur
The Atreides later hear of a person or deity named " Liet " to whom all the Fremen communities give allegiance .	Plur
Anecdotes of pious men ( ) is a book by Morteza Motahhari .	Plur
Anecdotes of pious men won UNESCO Award , in 1965 .	Plur
There were some Nazi agitators in Colombia , such as Barranquilla businessman Emil Prufurt , but the majority was apolitical .	Plur
When the Operation Scarlift report for Shamokin Creek was written , there were no raw sewage discharges into North Branch Shamokin Creek .	Plur
Gangsters become involved , particularly Slugs Dana and Steve Moran , who threaten Kent .	Plur
Fireworks and hot air balloon shows , were also popular and in 1880 the first summer revue was held , a tradition that lasted 60 years .	Plur
The price of the Digital Assets [ bitcoins ] are subject to wide fluctuations .	Plur
The only two blemishes were tie games with Iowa and Penn .	Plur
Increasingly , traffickers are targeting poor families from rural areas and trafficking them internally into cities of Mongolia .	Plur
There are only three similar storehouses of wines in all over the world : in France , Italy and Armenia .	Plur
The windshaft came from the " Monnikenmolen " , Sint Jansklooster , Overijssel .	Plur
Many sharp prickles grow on younger plants .	Plur
Scripts using parallel are often easier to read than scripts using pexec .	Plur
Spouses and widows of monarchs usually receive a ceremonial funeral .	Plur
Delegations from forty-seven governments including the United States attended , thirty-eight of which were represented by heads of state or government .	Plur
Weisse died from a stroke in March 1886 .	Plur
Prosperity Bancshares , Inc. is a bank holding company operating in various areas in Texas and central Oklahoma .	Plur
" Varteks won 3 – 1 on aggregate . "	Plur
The Rubies are dry mountains , so springs are few .	Plur
On 16 September 2002 , Monis changed his name to Michael Hayson Mavros .	Plur
Positive Vibrations is the eighth studio album by the English blues rock band , Ten Years After , which was released in 1974 .	Plur
King saxophones had brazed-on tonehole chimneys , which have significant advantages over both the soldered-on and drawn types used by other manufacturers .	Plur
Some saxophones from Amati of Czechoslovakia , and Kohlert , then located in West Germany , were imported to be sold as the " King Lemaire . "	Plur
Melodies for some of the stanzaic forms have survived , and they were probably meant to be sung .	Plur
Athey served in the Maryland House of Delegates 1967 – 1993 and Secretary of State of Maryland 1993 – 1995 .	Plur
Athey was the son of the late Joseph T. ( Tax ) and Harriett E. Athey .	Plur
Athey served in the House of Delegates , initially representing district 6a from 1967 to 1974 .	Plur
Athey served as the Maryland representative to the Council of State Governments .	Plur
Together , Wayles and Betty Hemings had six mixed-race children , ( often called " a shadow family " in that society ) :	Plur
In 2009 , Cleaves chose Berston as the place to have a kickoff for his foundation that tries to mentor young people .	Plur
Rows of candles arranged along the floor burn as a bagpiper plays a dirge .	Plur
There are several Mosques and one Hindu temple in Manora .	Plur
In the 10-team OUA , the Gryphons finished with a 13 – 5 record for 2nd place and were ranked as high as 8th in the CIS .	Plur
In 1990 , the Gryphons won their first ever OUAA title defeating the University of Toronto 1 – 0 in the championship game at Alumni Stadium .	Plur
In the 2008 – 2009 year the Gryphons won twelve and tied two games , making the team in first place in the season .	Plur
However , the Imams themselves took off and ran away after they told the Muslims to kill themselves , rather than die with them .	Plur
The Zapotecs of the Ixtlan National Guard believed that they had earned the right to bear arms , and felt betrayed by Juárez .	Plur
The Mountain View Waterworks are a historic public water supply system in Mountain View , Arkansas .	Plur
The Colt .45s had the first overall pick in the expansion draft and selected San Francisco Giants infielder Eddie Bressoud .	Plur
The Colt .45s played their first three seasons at Colt Stadium before beginning play at the Astrodome in 1965 .	Plur
Anticapitalistas prioritizes working in left-wing citizen platforms and in the anti-globalization movement .	Plur
Clear Convictions is a Christian metal band from Ponce , Puerto Rico , formerly known as Inmortales .	Plur
Manipur is home to a population playing many different sports .	Plur
The later broods , however , have more males who are larger in size .	Plur
Within these reproductive broods there will be females who mate with males and then enter diapause .	Plur
Shapes drawn in the comics , from the people to objects , are often both drawn curved ,	Plur
In 2014 , Oklahomans for Health circulated a petition to get medical cannabis legalization on the ballot , but failed to gain sufficient signatures .	Plur
Up to 1.5 ounces is punishable by misdemeanor and $ 400 fine if a medical reason is given as of June 26 , 2018 .	Plur
Grocers have continued to occupy the site into the twentieth century .	Plur
For a couple of centuries , the lairds did not seem to enjoy any particular good fortune , seemingly ending up always on the losing side .	Plur
The Vikings ' misfortunes continued in Week 2 , losing 37 – 8 to the Cincinnati Bengals .	Plur
Hair dye strippers raise sulfite levels to make hair more porous and reverse the oxidation of color molecules .	Plur
His fanzines include " Fouler " , " Ritblat " , " Stop Breaking Down " , and " Rastus Johnson 's Cakewalk " .	Plur
Mayhem exudes a green , venomous gas from her pores that tends to surround her .	Plur
Hence , Mayhem attacks people by raking their skin with her talon-like fingernails so that the gas will enter their bloodstreams .	Plur
Mayhem can levitate herself and fly .	Plur
There are no big-voiced French tenors of comparable stature singing today .	Plur
Windborne ascospores or conidia are the primary inoculum and can be dispersed over considerable distances .	Plur
During the meeting , tempers flare and in a resulting argument the former senior partner of the firm , Conroy O ’ Malley , is mentioned .	Plur
Hollyoaks is the main setting for the series .	Plur
The deli opened on 7 May 2012 .	Plur
In December 2016 , the Cunninghams move in after receiving money from Jude Cunningham ( Davinia Taylor ) .	Plur
Dead Kennedys played the song in their concerts in the 1970s .	Plur
The " hyp " codifies for an RNA-helicase ; mutants for this gene are hypervirulent .	Plur
A drives Spyros over to a bar in Ontario , where Eleni works .	Plur
However , these weaknesses fade beside the strength of the great set pieces [ ... ] and the passion of the narrative . "	Plur
The letterforms he designed for his namesake typeface originated in Française-légère and Française-allongée , two other fonts he designed for G. Peignot et Fils .	Plur
By 1912 , Fresno 's dominant industry , raisins , was in terrible shape .	Plur
The two flotillas clashed intermittently thereafter , exchanging gunfire and salvoes of torpedoes .	Plur
The vagaries of the evidence allow only some of the missionaries to be named .	Plur
More film clip montages play in the same manner as the first .	Plur
Known child adoptions ( adoption by relatives , stepparents or carers ) are a form of local adoptions .	Plur
Intercountry adoptions conform with the principles of the Convention .	Plur
In 1971 / 72 there were 9,798 adoptions , which declined to 1,052 in 1991 / 92 , and 576 in 2005 / 06 .	Plur
The removals occurred in the period between approximately 1869 and 1969 , although in some places children were still being taken in the 1970s .	Plur
His boyhood sojourns in Indian Country ended with the coming of World War II .	Plur
Despite the Bulldogs ' 15 first downs , the only score of the game came on Martin 's 7-yard touchdown run in the first quarter .	Plur
The Triangles were the first team to score on the Bulldogs since the opening game of the previous year .	Plur
Aside from small grains , these harvesters were able to harvest some flowers , as well as various grasses and legume crops for seed .	Plur
On September 4 2008 Neopets began a " Petpet Park " mini plot to promote their new virtual world .	Plur
Maks ( ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielno , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	Plur
Homeboys is the third album by alternative rock band Adam Again .	Plur
The Triangles were coming off a historic game ; it was the first match between two APFA teams .	Plur
Due to several losses , the Triangles did not contend for the APFA trophy in 1920 .	Plur
Cakes , such as the " Vlaai " from Limburg and the " Moorkop " and " Bossche Bol " from Brabant , are typical pastries .	Plur
Italian and American style pizzerias have become widespread .	Plur
These sweets are small , black and look much like gums .	Plur
Snacks made with meat are usually deep fried .	Plur
GEM-46 boosters would later find use on the Delta II , leading to the Delta II Heavy .	Plur
The DOT pictograms are a set of fifty pictograms used to convey information useful to travelers without using words .	Plur
Among these pictograms are the now-familiar graphics representing toilets and telephones .	Plur
Mornings are often cold in autumn , winter and spring , and generally fresh in the summer .	Plur
At the end of the film , the Wallaces manage to end their long-term relationship to Maurice and find a new client in Rome .	Plur
There are more than 1600 postgraduates , 9300 undergraduates and 8700 vocational students .	Plur
Therefore , OLEDs require no separate light source and are highly efficient in terms of light output .	Plur
OLEDs are a serious competitor to FEDs , but suffer from the same sorts of problems bringing them to mass production .	Plur
Fairness and justice are necessary .	Plur
There are 13 academicians of Chinese Academy of Science and Chinese Academy of Engineering .	Plur
Kung became friends with the missionaries after they cured him of an eye disease .	Plur
Approximately 10 million high schoolers take Gaokao per annum .	Plur
Shorter vignettes describe interactions among imperial ladies-in-waiting and other court writers , such as Izumi Shikibu , Akazome Emon and Sei Shōnagon .	Plur
Dinosaur is a 2000 American computer-animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and The Secret Lab .	Plur
These bovids measure along the head and body , not counting a tail , and stand high at the shoulder .	Plur
In the threadless headset system , the spacers are important in placing the stem and preload bolt in the correct position on the steerer tube .	Plur
Often these spacers are aluminum or carbon fiber , but titanium spacers are also available .	Plur
Anaplasma bovis ( formerly " Ehrlichia bovis " ) is a Gram-negative bacterium .	Plur
Supercars returned to a slightly modified Pukekohe in 2013 and the Jason Richards Memorial Trophy was introduced .	Plur
Broyles helps to arm them , but they soon find Observers and Loyalists converging on them , following a tracking device on their car .	Plur
In the spring of 2014 , initial previews of their track " Bigfoot " started to appear .	Plur
Mystery Diners is an American reality television series on the Food Network .	Plur
Stiles is the owner of California-based Business Evaluation Services and Mystery Shopper Services .	Plur
Héloïse initially opposed it , but the couple were married .	Plur
Héloïse sent letters to Abelard , questioning why she must submit to a religious life for which she had no calling .	Plur
Héloïse had meanwhile become the head of a new foundation of nuns called the Paraclete .	Plur
The other taxiways have a similar layout , although the runway is about shorter .	Plur
Share autos as well plays a major role in transportation .	Plur
The bandleaders were Jesse Doan and from 1866 his nephew John Doan Graham .	Plur
Subsequent re-writes again placed in the Nicholls and semi-finaled in the Ohio Independent Screenplay Awards .	Plur
Trethewey represented the United States at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo .	Plur
Midfielders Luboš Kalouda and Tomáš Borek joined the club .	Plur
Defensive end Dick Fouts was the lone Lion to make the CFL All-star team .	Plur
Usually the western mountainsides are more heavily forested than the eastern for they receive heavier monsoon rains .	Plur
# Respondents in South India showed a marginally more positive sentiment than those in other regions , however they also remain pessimistic .	Plur
The prophets and apostles face each other across 12 openings , giving the appearance of a succession of diptychs .	Plur
By the early-16th century , calligraphic connoisseurs of the Kohitsu house had practiced activities aimed at preserving ancient calligraphic works .	Plur
Its femurs are the largest of all longicorn beetles .	Plur
The elaborate gender reversals in the story are of particular interest to modern critics interested in gender studies .	Plur
Approximately sixty Beauforts and Boomerangs struck Japanese positions behind Dove Bay prior to amphibious landings on 11 May to cut off retreating enemy troops .	Plur
These grievances do include economic deprivation but also ethnic discrimination , age and gender .	Plur
Such emergencies have , in particular , a devastating effect on children and women and call for a complex range of responses . "	Plur
During the nineteenth century , Pyrénées-Orientales proved one of the most consistently republican departments in France .	Plur
The Pyrénées-Orientales is part of the region of Occitanie .	Plur
Pyrénées-Orientales has an area of 4,115 km ² .	Plur
Pyrénées-Orientales is a wine-growing area and a tourist destination .	Plur
The five Catalan-speaking comarques were historically part of the Kingdom of Majorca .	Plur
Pyrénées-Orientales has two notable sports teams : USA Perpignan ( rugby union ) and Catalans Dragons ( rugby league ) .	Plur
The Albans became , in substance , a vassal state of Rome .	Plur
The priestesses of Vesta , known as Vestal Virgins , administered her temple and watched the eternal fire .	Plur
These fluorophores are either small molecules , protein or quantum dots .	Plur
Organic fluorophores fluoresce thanks to delocalized electrons which can jump a band and stabilize the energy absorbed , hence most fluorophores are conjugated systems .	Plur
agilent microarrays are dual channel , working on cy3 and cy5 , these are colloquially referred to as green and red .	Plur
Fluorescent moieties emit photons several nanoseconds after absorption following an exponential decay curve , which differs between dyes and depends on the surrounding solvent .	Plur
The " flirts " were most often the younger single women .	Plur
At that point , the incisions are closed , often requiring debridement ( removal of non-viable tissue ) and skin grafting in the process .	Plur
Opposition MSPs had alleged he had acted improperly by cancelling changes to mental health provision when he took up his post as Health Secretary .	Plur
In general , non-whites appear to experience sleep paralysis at higher rates than whites , but the magnitude of the difference is rather small .	Plur
Thornley sought a cancellation of this subpoena on which he had to appear before the Circuit Court .	Plur
There are several possible derivations of the relatively recent name " Phuket " ( of which the digraph " ph " represents an aspirated p ) .	Plur
Failures in missions to Mars are common .	Plur
The repeats ended with Series 16 in 1999 .	Plur
However , some steam retorts are able to reach the center of the can in only 10 minutes .	Plur
The Dog Food Nutrient Profiles were last updated in 1995 by the AAFCO 's Canine Nutrition Expert Subcommittee .	Plur
Most paralegals have completed a formal paralegal education program .	Plur
However , some paralegals have only on-the-job paralegal training .	Plur
Many paralegals take Continuing Legal Education ( CLE ) courses to fulfill the requirements of their firm , state , or association .	Plur
Furthermore , Australian paralegals have " little formal recognition of , or status accorded " them , yet they " require specialist education . "	Plur
Licensed paralegals operate within a defined scope of practice , representing clients in matters such as provincial offenses ( traffic tickets , etc .	Plur
By virtue of their office , licensed paralegals are commissioners for taking affidavits ( swearing oaths ) .	Plur
Aspiring paralegals must complete an accredited educational program and complete a licensing exam .	Plur
Around 400 paralegals , mainly individuals who had come through the ranks in legal firms , joined the scheme .	Plur
Additionally , those paralegals who receive the " Certified Paralegal " designation then have the opportunity to earn the " Advanced Certified Paralegal " designation .	Plur
Mewes had to audition for the part against actors such as Seth Green and Breckin Meyer .	Plur
During mammalian development , the gonads are at first capable of becoming either ovaries or testes .	Plur
The testicles produce a much higher quantity than the ovaries .	Plur
Although there is some overlap between chubs and bears , chubs have their own distinct subculture and community .	Plur
Some fabrications include Blair 's claims to have traveled to the city mentioned in the dateline , when in fact he did not .	Plur
The 2CD reissues of The Sky Moves Sideways have the track on the second disc .	Plur
Trades and services are booming as a consequence of the development of the area and the benefits of tourism which does not only concern the coastal communities .	Plur
Courcelles is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France .	Plur
Trades and services are booming as a consequence of the development of the area and the benefits of tourism which does not only concern the coastal communities .	Plur
During these events , 7 martyrs died for the Konkani language .	Plur
The cotyledons are open , similar to those of almonds , and covered with a whitish film .	Plur
Howells began his playing career with Swansea Town , joining the club in September 1946 .	Plur
Howells dropped back into non-league football with Worcester City but revived his league career with Chester in September 1958 .	Plur
Howells had continued to live in South Wales throughout his spell at Chester , who were reluctant to continue paying his expenses .	Plur
After retiring from football , Howells later became a painter and decorator in his hometown Ponthenry .	Plur
There are former cathedrals in three former sees aborbed in the archdiocese :	Plur
Qualls went on to compliment Tobin Bell 's voice as a good addition to the music and the environment .	Plur
Team Sweethearts win the competition , and Jes is named most valuable player .	Plur
Pontardawe Tinplate Works was a tinplate works in Pontardawe , Wales .	Plur
In 1672 there were five dignities and sixteen Canons .	Plur
Ice Road Truckers ( commercially abbreviated IRT ) is an American reality television series that premiered on History Channel , on June 17 , 2007 .	Plur
Boles arrives to ride with Kelly in Episode 4 .	Plur
Starting with Episode 8 , the truckers relocate to Peru and begin transporting loads to sites high in the Andes mountain range .	Plur
All 4 semifinalists were German .	Plur
During the June 2009 Los Angeles City Council meeting at which the theater received its historic monument designation , Baker 's marionettes made an appearance .	Plur
Air-raid sirens wail as A Square collapses from the overwhelming effects of gravity on his two-dimensional body and chaos ensues .	Plur
Their three-month enlistments were up in July .	Plur
The phrase " Forces Nouvelles " remains a shorthand for the rebel side in the civil war .	Plur
Their corollas are abruptly ampliate , or enlarged , with tubes that are longer than their campanulate throats .	Plur
Notions associated with the zduhać , vetrovnjak , and dragon man , respectively , are not identical .	Plur
The shamans also fought against each other , usually in animal form , for reasons such as to procure for their side as much reindeer as possible .	Plur
Norms provided for the 1978 edition include standard scores with a mean of 100 and a standard deviation of 15 , percentile scores , and grade levels .	Plur
A year later , Fireworks neared $ 100 million in production through television series " La Femme Nikita " , " " and " Pacific Blue " .	Plur
Black Rape scares were not unique or scarce to South Africa since well-documented	Plur
" Brains and Eggs " is the pilot episode of the American sitcom " 3rd Rock from the Sun " .	Plur
In 2006 , Ophir acquired Spiricon Group , a US-based company in the beam-profiling market .	Plur
During 2007 , Ophir established a Swiss-based subsidiary ( Ophir Optics Europe GmbH ) to market lenses and components for surveillance and imaging systems in Europe .	Plur
In May 2010 , Ophir acquired Photon Inc . , another US-based beam-profiling company .	Plur
The phrase " Forces Nouvelles " remains a shorthand for the rebel side in the civil war .	Plur
Air pressurized water ( APW ) extinguishers are a type of fire extinguisher that use ordinary water ( HO ) to suppress fire .	Plur
Defeats of Cobh and St. Ita 's in the respective football and hurling deciders , secured a set of junior b championship medals .	Plur
Little egrets have recently joined grey herons in the heronry .	Plur
The Negroes returned for the subsequent live performances but Talma also performed solo as an opening act for Spinvis during a theater tour .	Plur
Blankets can cover joists and studs as well as the space between them .	Plur
Forums are open for participation .	Plur
Scholarships are based on a students performance on the entrance exam , as well as legacy , leadership , service , and Brilliance of Balance .	Plur
Religions include Christianity , Buddhism , Judaism , and Islam ( none claims to be atheist or agnostic ) .	Plur
Volumes 1-20 contain the annals of the Tang emperors .	Plur
Fine bubble diffusers are a pollution control technology used to aerate wastewater for sewage treatment .	Plur
– war alles was sie sprach	Plur
Shur has held research or faculty positions at the A.F .	Plur
Bourdais would impress immediately by taking pole in his first race , winning his fourth race , and finishing fourth in the season championship .	Plur
Overall , 50 lettermen were returning from the 2006 team ( 25 on offense , 20 on defense and 5 on special teams ) .	Plur
Slogans of the drinks include " Shloer , The Grown-Up Soft Drink " and " Get your sparkle ! " .	Plur
Rainey isn 't able to recover while Schwantz widens his lead to a comfortable gap as he crosses the finish line .	Plur
Gate-all-around FETs are similar in concept to FinFETs except that the gate material surrounds the channel region on all sides .	Plur
Depending on design , gate-all-around FETs can have two or four effective gates .	Plur
Taverns can sign up at any point in the season and still qualify players for the regional and national championships .	Plur
Two ramjets sustain a cruise and impact speed of Mach 2 .	Plur
Internal studio previews of the film were so positive that Fields was offered a full contract at Fox in June 1943 .	Plur
Geriatrics , or geriatric medicine , is a specialty that focuses on health care of elderly people .	Plur
In its signaling cascade , PLC-β ( like other phospholipases ) hydrolyses phosphatidylinositolbisphosphate to yield inositol trisphosphate ( IP3 ) and diacylglycerol ( DAG ) .	Plur
DIT 's hurlers won the Kehoe Cup in 2007 .	Plur
The Bernard 200s were the company 's only attempt to break into the growing 1930s market for touring aircraft .	Plur
The shapers are overlapping in different ways to create a specific colour space .	Plur
In 1982 , Formosa Plastics purchased the eight plants comprising the plastic-pipe operations of Johns Manville to form J-M Manufacturing , headquartered in Livingston , N.J .	Plur
There were over 900,000 total votes and the paper " Effort vs .	Plur
Three Veils is a 2011 film written and directed by Rolla Selbak and starring Sheetal Sheth , Angela Zahra and Mercedes Masöhn .	Plur
" Three Veils " is about three young Middle-Eastern women living in the U.S , each with their own personal story .	Plur
The " sirventes " is probably ironic .	Plur
However , Hur spent his entire 2009 season in the Bears ' second-tier team .	Plur
Manned submersibles , ROVs and AUVs can search underwater using visual , sonar and magnetometer detection equipment .	Plur
All misunderstandings removed , they live happily .	Plur
Slogans raised included ' Long live the independence of Africa !	Plur
His rural schoolmasters at Oneida Institute and Stockbridge Academy recognized his gifts and urged his father to allow him to get further education .	Plur
Between the Knees ( ) is a 1984 South Korean film about a young woman with a traumatizing past .	Plur
" Scorzoneroides autumnalis " is a perennial herb growing to 35 cm high usually with branched stems and several flower-heads each about 30 mm across .	Plur
Amateur boxing in both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland is governed by the Irish Amateur Boxing Association .	Plur
The ACTC won just one seat .	Plur
The Butlers bought back Spencers , the house where Mollie had lived during her first marriage , for their home .	Plur
Hoskyns considers that " there is something so elemental " in how Danko expresses his loss that it " transcends self-pity " .	Plur
Hoskyns considers it and " Acadian Driftwood " to be " the most moving songs Robertson had written in five years . "	Plur
Circle the Wagons is the 14th studio album by the Norwegian band Darkthrone .	Plur
The oesophagus , situated just behind the rhinophores , is clearly visible as a curved red tube .	Plur
Although most entries are not etymological , Papias laid the groundwork for derivational lexicography , which became firmly established only a century later .	Plur
Environments can be limiting due to soil properties such as unfavorable mineralogy , texture , structure , salts , pH , or moisture relationships .	Plur
Microbes can also go dorminant in a cryptobiotic state known as anhydrobiosis when they become dehydrated due to low water availability .	Plur
Because it created no alternative mechanism for terminating debate , filibusters became theoretically possible .	Plur
The CIA traitors show up and begin killing hospital staff .	Plur
FreedomWorks named him their " Legislative Entrepreneur of the Year " in November 2011 .	Plur
Alvarez disagrees , but still offers the Nords extra muscle to protect their drug dealing .	Plur
There are four Police Inspectors in EOW .	Plur
The South American Pipe Band Gatherings have been the Association 's most notable outcome so far .	Plur
These Gatherings , hosted by member pipe bands themselves on a rotational basis , occur approximately every 18 months .	Plur
Respondents praised the album for its mature nature , abstract and sober , the musical direction of Alizée , calling it her " most risky record " .	Plur
Multiple arteriovenous fistulas : PWS patients also suffer from multiple AVFs that occur in conjunction with capillary malformations .	Plur
In most cases , PWS can occur in people that have no family history of the condition .	Plur
Turkmens have only ever competed in powerlifting , and have never won a medal at the Paralympic Games .	Plur
In some individuals , the foramen fails to close , leading to an interventricular septal defect known as a patent interventricular foramen .	Plur
Some graveyards were outside village borders , dug into banks of rivers or at the seacoast .	Plur
Wakes lasted for as long as the bereaved family could offer food and drink for guests .	Plur
The White Stripes ' " Under Great White Northern Lights " made appearances at film festivals internationally .	Plur
Origins or origin , in comics , may refer to :	Plur
Thereafter , the Marquesses of Shen , Zeng , and Xu enthroned Yijiu as King Ping of Zhou in Shen .	Plur
The elk have adapted well to the island , with some mature bulls weighing nearly .	Plur
Several fishing canneries existed on the island including Port Wakefield and Northwest Cannery in the early 20th century .	Plur
Cours is the name or part of the name of several communes in France :	Plur
Currently Rademaker Hopjes wrappers display the phrase " Alleen Echt Met Dit Merk " ( Dutch : " Only Real With This Brand " ) instead .	Plur
These mannequins were very detailed and accurate .	Plur
Riding Obama 's coattails , the Democrats also picked up net gains of 8 Senate seats and 21 House seats .	Plur
Selfridges , Oxford St began sales of Embrace by Ethan James on the 14th of February , and it remained available for 48 hours .	Plur
These lotteries began Lotto America in 1988 ; when other lotteries joined is shown in parentheses .	Plur
Except for Maine , the above lotteries were the original lineup for Powerball when it began in April 1992 .	Plur
And ALBC Co-Chairs Senator Dick Durbin and Harold Holzer addressed the crowd .	Plur
Specifically , the phenolic hydroxyl group interacts with the amino acid binding site .	Plur
The Strains have two children , Melissa and Michael .	Plur
However , these early hunter-gatherers are not likely to be ancestors of the Thai who now inhabit the Phitsanulok Province .	Plur
Approximately 660 pogroms occurred in Ukraine and in Bessarabia .	Plur
The pogroms lasted several days .	Plur
The pogroms of 1903-1906 marked the beginning of the Jewish unification in Europe .	Plur
Children 's morals and habits develop at a young age and Woogi World takes that into account .	Plur
In 1893 , only envelopes and postcards were overprinted to commemorate the 400th anniversary of introduction of printing into Montenegro .	Plur
In 1906 , envelopes , lettercards and postcards were overprinted to commemorate the granting of the constitution .	Plur
The sinners descend into Hell with heads mostly bowed , dragging each other along as they go .	Plur
On the morning of July 14 , advancing Union skirmishers found that the entrenchments were empty .	Plur
There are slight outward bulges in the perimeter to the south-southeast , southwest , and to the north .	Plur
The hydrates are more common than the anhydrous forms .	Plur
Sodium phosphates have many applications in food and for water treatment .	Plur
Sodium phosphates are popular in commerce in part because they are inexpensive and because they are nontoxic at normal levels of consumption .	Plur
In terms of their structures , these polymers consist of PO " monomers " , with the chains are terminated by protonated phosphates .	Plur
Stone bollards set the limits of these parking areas , which are on the strand or beach .	Plur
In 1987 , " Det ’ gratis " came in fourth .	Plur
HBCUs were already the poorest colleges .	Plur
Cruises on the loch are available from Glenfinnan , Acharacle and Polloch .	Plur
Fantagraphics has additionally published a range of shorter pieces by Trondheim in the comic " The Nimrod " .	Plur
Amateur in 1979 , defeating John Cook .	Plur
There are signposts along the way .	Plur
Moles occur at above the sea , and squirrels at .	Plur
Oats form the predominant crop , wheat has practically gone out of cultivation , but barley has largely increased .	Plur
However , the typical hand deformities in patients with Apert syndrome distinguish it from the other syndromes .	Plur
Grievances filed by the union often took months — sometimes years — to resolve , lending credence to the critics ' claim .	Plur
Jurisdictions that provide for pre-birth orders are also more likely to provide for some kind of enforcement of surrogacy contracts .	Plur
Many surrogates intentionally try to foster the development of emotional attachment between the intended mother and the surrogate child .	Plur
Most surrogates describe feeling empowered by the experience .	Plur
As in all jurisdictions , surrogates must pass medical and psychological tests so they can prove to the court that they are medically and mentally fit .	Plur
Indian surrogates have been increasingly popular with intended parents in industrialized nations because of the relatively low cost .	Plur
Jewel cichlids are native to Africa .	Plur
Like most cichlids , jewel cichlids have highly developed brood care .	Plur
Jewel cichlids are neither suited to beginners , nor the usual community tank .	Plur
Jewel cichlids are omnivorous and will eat both live foods and fish flakes .	Plur
By the late 1960s , gunshots at the complex were common , and elevators and stairwells reeked of urine .	Plur
Boyes claims that this was the first course of lectures in dentistry to be given in Britain .	Plur
Their quivers held 20 arrows and 10 pyeonjeon arrows .	Plur
In November 2011 squatters occupied had occupied Ainsworth House , which was in a dangerous condition because it contained asbestos .	Plur
Video interludes filled with " cop chases and other violent outbursts " carried the storytelling between songs .	Plur
Announcements shortly followed through Beyoncé 's website and an official press release .	Plur
Denise Coates ( born 26 September 1967 ) is a British billionaire businesswoman , the founder and joint chief executive of online gambling company Bet365 .	Plur
The aegis has a miniature Gorgon 's head on it along with a border of snakes .	Plur
Wey began his financial career in Oklahoma where he worked as an investment advisor and broker .	Plur
Without admitting or denying the allegations , Wey agreed to cease carrying out all brokerage and investment advisory business in the state .	Plur
Hector Aviles from Latino Music Cafe called Anthony 's cover " a great tribute to Polo ’ s original version with his performance . "	Plur
There are some anthems on there , which pay tribute to our fans . "	Plur
" Chills " entered the " Billboard " Canadian Hot 100 at No .	Plur
International legislations also have an effect on abortion rights in Latin America .	Plur
Cutts questioned why it was removed , surmising the reason might have been for the song on its verso , " Haue you seen ye " ?	Plur
Braathens had made good money during World War II with the participation in the Norwegian Shipping and Trade Mission .	Plur
This involved Braathens leasing personnel and aircraft to Loftleidir and profit sharing on the route , in an agreement which lasted until 1961 .	Plur
For this service Braathens acquired the de Havilland Heron .	Plur
In February 1999 , Braathens merged the Swedish division with Malmö Aviation , to create Braathens Malmö Aviation .	Plur
In November , Braathens terminated all services in Sweden that were inherited from Transwede .	Plur
Braathens had provided international services to 24 airports serving 22 cities in 17 countries .	Plur
Prior to 1998 , Braathens had a one-class service ; the service included a complimentary in-flight meal and discounted tickets were available with restrictions .	Plur
Until 1997 , Braathens had agreements with Finnair and British Airways , where Bracard members received miles on the partners flights .	Plur
Gonzáles subsequently sold the land comprising the Village of Corrales in 1718 to Salvador Martinez .	Plur
Corrales is part of the Albuquerque Metropolitan Statistical Area .	Plur
Corrales is the residence of former U.S .	Plur
The fiestas include live New Mexico and / or country music , vendors and parades .	Plur
Examinations of his mortal remains indicate that he was probably about 50 upon his death in 1266 which would indicate a birth around 1216 .	Plur
These greenways place strict requirements on environmental conditions to preserve a park-like atmosphere .	Plur
However , Mogens Gøye , the leading man of the Council , supported the king as long as possible .	Plur
His psychological weaknesses have caught the interest of historians , especially his frequently mentioned irresolution , which as years passed seemed to dominate his acts .	Plur
Six local outfitters provide supplies for anyone interested in floating on the Yadkin to or from Elkin .	Plur
Streetcars plied the avenues of Westerville from the late nineteenth century but service was discontinued in 1929 .	Plur
These purses are of mainly novelty use and purchased as souvenirs of visits , etc .	Plur
By comparison , the highly prolific Rubens only produced seven self-portrait paintings .	Plur
The self-portraits create a visual diary of the artist over a span of forty years .	Plur
In 1999 , two schoolgirls claimed they had been raped by Mr Sunkuli , who was then a cabinet minister in the government of Daniel Arap Moi .	Plur
Tyreese gives The Governor the same offer he 'd extended to Rick : to help out and earn their keep .	Plur
Rubens ( 1805 – February 1829 ) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse .	Plur
The forfeits were from Bradbury , a colt by Gohanna , Dreadnought and Jock .	Plur
Famous alumnae include actress Yvonne Perry , Joe Kraemer ( composer ) and pop singer Nikki Cleary .	Plur
In the end , love conquers all , and the fairy intervenes once more to ensure the triumph of good over evil .	Plur
In Scotland , the CCS had a particular hatred towards Aberdeen 's ASC , Rangers ICF , Hearts CSF and Airdrie 's Section B .	Plur
This organization strives for spreading consciousness of human rights and offers help to former child soldiers and victims of rape .	Plur
Auclair wrote many articles for " Marie Claire " , extending over a period of several years .	Plur
Chilembwe also developed contacts with independent , African churches , aiming to form a united group centred on his own mission .	Plur
Furthermore , local newsmen have resigned , claiming there is a large scale cover up .	Plur
The Expendables is an American series of ensemble action films written by and starring Sylvester Stallone and originally created by David Callaham .	Plur
The Expendables come face to face with the team 's co-founder Conrad Stonebanks .	Plur
" The Expendables 4 " might be the first film to receive an R-rating since " The Expendables 2 " .	Plur
" The Expendables 2 " received mixed reviews from critics .	Plur
" The Expendables 3 " received negative reviews from critics .	Plur
Published by Dynamite Entertainment , the comic , titled " The Expendables " , featured artwork from Esteve Polls and was a prequel to the movie .	Plur
The junior schoolboys respond by forming a secret society , the Secret Seven , to fight back against Loder and Prout .	Plur
The ringleaders and many of the members of the “ Secret Seven ” are to be found in this form .	Plur
Afrikaans is the most widely spoken language in the town .	Plur
Significant enlargements took place with the Minot Enclosure ( 1860 ) , and the combining with an adjacent Quaker cemetery in the early 20th century .	Plur
On 31 August 2011 , Stanislas joined fellow Championship club Burnley on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee , becoming the club 's seventh summer signing .	Plur
Bangers and fireworks are illegal in the Republic of Ireland ; however , they are commonly smuggled in from Northern Ireland where they are legal .	Plur
The German-Americans won the 1936 National Challenge Cup in two games with Lutkefedder coming on as a substitute in the second game .	Plur
That year the German-Americans won the title .	Plur
In between each show on WSTO there are Public Service Announcements , station IDs , Commercials and the community bulletin board .	Plur
Specialists estimate that textile production for 2007 will continue to grow .	Plur
Primitive arquebuses also saw use in the war , though only to a small degree .	Plur
Mid-Afternoon Barks ( ) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yuedong .	Plur
" Mid-Afternoon Barks " is a surrealist triptych of stories that take place in Beijing , all involving the installation of electrical poles .	Plur
The neckties appeared during his 1999 race to become the first person to achieve a perfect game of " Pac-Man . "	Plur
The Gloucester Centurions are an American football team based in Gloucester .	Plur
After several years , Morey took up her challenge with the goal of producing an adventure story for young readers that adults could also enjoy .	Plur
Although the network wanted to have Ben speak like a human on the show , Tors disliked the idea , so Ben made only animal noises .	Plur
Ziegler-Natta catalysts , used commercially to produce polyolefins , contain MgCl as a catalyst support .	Plur
Other lattices have different types of high-symmetry points .	Plur
The Bernese rebuilt the Asse canal system to drive tanneries , sawmills and mills .	Plur
Mewes co-hosts a weekly podcast with Smith called " Jay & Silent Bob Get Old " in which Mewes discusses his former drug addiction issues .	Plur
Mewes married his wife Jordan Monsanto in a civil ceremony on January 30 , 2009 , with a larger wedding planned later that May .	Plur
As described above , multiple eponyms can exist for the same disease .	Plur
The wrought iron caissons were long by wide by deep , and could each accommodate two narrowboats or a barge with a beam of up to .	Plur
At river level the caissons sat in a water-filled sandstone lined chamber .	Plur
But his characteristically independent idiosyncrasies set him off as an individual in his own right .	Plur
However , on four occasions during 1944 , individual B-29s made emergency landings in Soviet territory and one crashed after the crew bailed out .	Plur
In January 2008 two walkers died after falling from the ridge in separate incidents .	Plur
The fell top assessors also put their assessments and photos on Twitter .	Plur
The three coves to the east of Helvellyn are all important sites for remnant populations of arctic-alpine plants .	Plur
Acidic flushes ( areas of water seepage ) with their carpets of sphagnum mosses are common .	Plur
Layers of tuff and lapilli-tuff indicate some ongoing volcanism .	Plur
In the early years they were as simple as marked cards or loaded dice ; later , elaborate " big cons " became the Blonger trademark .	Plur
The Nepalese suffered terrible losses .	Plur
There are several different filter topologies available to implement a linear analogue filter .	Plur
During the trip from Norfolk to Newport News , 250 dependents took part in the first dependents ' cruise in the ship 's history .	Plur
Drapers Gardens is a site in the City of London at the junction of Throgmorton Avenue and Copthall Avenue on land owned by the Drapers ' Company .	Plur
The original Drapers Gardens was a skyscraper in the City of London , designed by architect Richard Seifert .	Plur
The Gathas ( ) are 17 Avestan hymns believed to have been composed by Zarathusthra ( Zoroaster ) himself .	Plur
Both disaccharides and monosaccharides can form sugar alcohols ; however , sugar alcohols derived from disaccharides ( e.g .	Plur
Over the next millennium Nubians developed great skill in working copper and other known metals ( Childs and Killick 1993 ) .	Plur
The nose gear retracts forward of the hull and acts as a bumper for water operations .	Plur
The instrumental textures and harmonic tints of their native cultures offered a unique and personalized style .	Plur
Geographers focus on the spatial relationships between these elements .	Plur
Later in 2009 , Haskins curated and directed the event ‘ Culture and the City : the debate ’ for Temple Bar Cultural Trust .	Plur
From a young age Haskins took an active interest in community and social issues .	Plur
Pulse-mode push-button keypads typically stored the dialed number sequence in a digit collector register to permit rapid dialing for the user .	Plur
In 2009 , the North Carolinians for Free and Proper Election introduced its first legislative project in ballot access law with its Electoral Freedom Act of 2009 .	Plur
These pamphlets also focused on a new movement of social efficacy , which strongly favored students growing as people and becoming involved , patriotic citizens .	Plur
Old timers say that the temple was constructed in this current shape during his time of rulership .	Plur
The outlaws attempt an ambush and Cole kills Leo .	Plur
Mobs went loose all over the city .	Plur
In the smithies , the blacksmiths worked even on holidays .	Plur
A minute later , the Uhlans or the Krakusi would arrive from the direction of Zamość .	Plur
Equations that change the two stocks via the flow are :	Plur
Carbon dioxide extinguishers are ineffective against certain metals such as titanium .	Plur
Steel truss cantilevers support loads by tension of the upper members and compression of the lower ones .	Plur
Workmen in the area heard the plane pass overhead shortly before crashing and alerted the German authorities , who arrived quickly .	Plur
Sprinters have a higher ratio of fast-twitch muscle fibers than non-sprinters .	Plur
Sprinters may have different preferences .	Plur
Occasionally , one or more batters may bat in the incorrect order .	Plur
Bartels completed the podium and final points earning position for the qualifying race .	Plur
Their various combined geographies proved to be very successful .	Plur
In content , Woodbridge ’ s geographies stress several common points .	Plur
His geographies , like almost all of the schools they were intended for , were overtly Christian , but could never be mistaken for religious tracts .	Plur
The condition manifests more commonly in females .	Plur
The Mohawks ran away into the forest , and the following year , peace was made with the two Nations .	Plur
Barkley chose to sail under the flag of Austria to evade paying for EIC and SSC licences .	Plur
Meares decided not to license his ships with the EIC , instead trying to conceal the illegal activity by using the flag of Portugal .	Plur
Meares later claimed that Chief Maquinna sold him some land and on it Meares had a building erected .	Plur
Meares and others organized another expedition the following year .	Plur
Many Aleuts joined the Russian Orthodox Church .	Plur
The Turkmens used the former name of Aydıncık ( which was " Kelenderis " ) for their new home .	Plur
Obstetrics & Gynecology is a peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of obstetrics and gynecology .	Plur
" Obstetrics & Gynecology " has approximately 45,000 subscribers .	Plur
The Plastics 2020 Challenge is a campaign to reduce the quantity of plastic materials sent to landfill .	Plur
These two erupting fissures shared the same magma chamber , according to geophysicists .	Plur
Atrocities committed by revolutionary forces against Indo-Europeans began .	Plur
Other noteworthy Austrian-born émigrés include the management thinker Peter Drucker , sociologist Paul Felix Lazarsfeld and scientist Sir Gustav Nossal .	Plur
However , peritonitis set in after the operation , and he died on January 2 , 1936 at the age of 39 .	Plur
Homeless squatters have occupied camps in the heavily overgrown areas .	Plur
Mike 's cons become more elaborate .	Plur
Ceilings directly below the roof consist of sisal lining over 150mm square wire mesh .	Plur
Boas are polygynous and ovoviviparous , thus males may mate with multiple females and give birth to live young .	Plur
Packets travel along the ring so that they decrease the virtual distance to the destination ( that is , the absolute difference of the addresses ) .	Plur
Both the Inhumans and the repowered mutants tried to save Unus 's life , but it was too late .	Plur
DIT 's hurlers won the Kehoe Cup in 2007 and the Walsh Cup Shield in 2013 .	Plur
The two multinationals decided to shut down their Indian operations , when Fernandes pressed ahead with rigid enforcement of FERA .	Plur
The serotonin transporter removes serotonin from the synaptic cleft back into the synaptic boutons .	Plur
Although the Broons & Oor Wullie started in 1936 , annuals weren 't published until 1939 starting with " The Broons " .	Plur
since then the annuals alternate years with " Oor Wullie " , another D. C. Thomson product .	Plur
All biosensors usually involve minimal sample preparation as the biological sensing component is highly selective for the analyte concerned .	Plur
The RF biosensors that are obtained by the above methods , can function and detect target analytes inside living cells .	Plur
Thermometric and magnetic based biosensors are rare .	Plur
Off-line biosensors compare to bioanalytical techniques that are not operating in the field , but in the laboratory .	Plur
Biological biosensors often incorporate a genetically modified form of a native protein or enzyme .	Plur
DNA biosensors are complicated mini-machines — consisting of sensing elements , micro lasers , and a signal generator .	Plur
through the body to only take interior pictures , biosensors have the potential to directly test the malignant power of the tumor .	Plur
In the wet area along the Markermeer , there are large reedbeds on clay , where moulting geese often feed .	Plur
There are mainly adult carps , they live to be eighty years of age and there is no predation on these carps .	Plur
Originally , clockmakers were master craftsmen who designed and built clocks by hand .	Plur
Early clockmakers fashioned all the intricate parts and wheelwork of clocks by hand , using hand tools .	Plur
In 1916 , Alley joined the New Zealand Army and was sent to serve in France where he won the Military Medal .	Plur
Alley described his writing as follows : " It became my way of contributing .	Plur
Priddis refers to the book reviews by FARMS as " tabloid scholarship . "	Plur
In the anaphase of mitosis , sister chromatids separate and migrate to opposite cell poles before the cell divides .	Plur
Pawley left politics and became a political science professor at the University of Windsor , where he taught until his retirement .	Plur
The Copperheads were a large faction of northern Democrats who opposed the war , demanding an immediate peace settlement .	Plur
Many Northerners had only recently become religious ( following the Second Great Awakening ) and religion was a powerful force in their lives .	Plur
On May 24 , 2008 , 4Kids launched The CW4Kids in place of Kids ' WB .	Plur
The concords in Town Nyanja differ from those in Chichewa described above .	Plur
The Bogomil heretics were at one point mainly centered in Bulgaria and are now known by historians as the direct progenitors of the Cathars .	Plur
Unisys was the single largest customer with whom Convergent Technologies merged to become one company in 1988 .	Plur
Among the offers , there were 21 acceptances to Ivy League universities such as Harvard , Columbia , Yale , Cornell and Princeton .	Plur
The Plebeians named these new officials Plebeian Tribunes ( " tribuni plebis " ) .	Plur
Neither Tribunes nor Aediles were technically magistrates , since they were both elected solely by the Plebeians , rather than by both the Plebeians and the Patricians .	Plur
The disenfranchised Plebeians fought in the army , while the Patrician aristocracy enjoyed the fruits of the resulting conquests .	Plur
Also around this time , the Plebeians assembled into an informal Plebeian Curiate Assembly , which was the original Plebeian Council .	Plur
While Patricians were able to vote in a joint assembly , there were never very many Patricians in Rome .	Plur
Thus , most of the electors were Plebeians , and yet any magistrate elected by a joint assembly had jurisdiction over both Plebeians and Patricians .	Plur
Therefore , for the first time , the Plebeians seemed to have indirectly acquired authority over Patricians .	Plur
In addition , during these years , the Plebeian Tribunes and the senators grew increasingly close .	Plur
By this point , Plebeians were already holding a significant number of magisterial offices , and so the number of Plebeian senators probably increased quickly .	Plur
The Plebeians seceded to the Janiculum hill , and to end the secession , a Dictator named Quintus Hortensius was appointed .	Plur
PRS launched the field of BDI-based intelligent agents .	Plur
Under Powell 's management , Neopets went from its initial launch to over 140 million accounts and 5 billion pageviews per month .	Plur
Although abundant and fully functioning on the peninsula , tropical savannahs are now rare and highly degraded in other parts of the world .	Plur
There are two independent equilibria , with equilibrium constants defined as follows .	Plur
Christian August Brandis collected and commented upon the ancient sources for the unwritten doctrines .	Plur
Neves participated until they were relegated in 2011 after being tenth with 17 points .	Plur
Neves spent only a season in that for division in 2016 .	Plur
" Violets " is in the collection of the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of African American History and Culture .	Plur
Together with Giampaolo Testa and Leonida Repaci , the creatives were determined to win the prize for the best film there .	Plur
Compilations of narrators is one of the first and important shia books in Ilm-e-rijal .	Plur
Mosques include Jamiyat Tabligh ul Islam on Hoxton Street .	Plur
The Reformed confessions of faith , official statements of the beliefs of Reformed churches , followed the view that Christ is really present in the Supper .	Plur
Reformed confessions reject the Catholic doctrine that the Eucharist is a sacrifice of propitiation , or sacrifice to satisfy God 's wrath and attain forgiveness of sins .	Plur
The confessions do sometimes speak of the Supper as a sacrifice of thanksgiving for the gift of propitiation which has been received .	Plur
The Staggs – Huffaker Building is a historic commercial building at North Main and West Illinois Streets in Beebe , Arkansas .	Plur
Rows of shelving at a True Value hardware store collapsed , damaging the merchandise .	Plur
The Bruisers played from 1987 to 1989 , and hosted ArenaBowl II in Rosemont , losing to the Detroit Drive , 24-13 .	Plur
Two footbridges cross a seasonal stream .	Plur
Dwarf bamboos and sedges hem in the small gully streams Swinging out along the path , an opposite ridge closes in the scene .	Plur
Occasional panoramas open out showing the Kowloon peaks .	Plur
Here one gazes past lagoons to the western shore .	Plur
Then , beyond the first pavilion , wide panoramas begin to appear .	Plur
Down from the summit , panoramas extend across wooded hills to Wu Kau Tang – and over Starling Inlet to Sha Tau Kok .	Plur
Ruggles shows that in the codex the Maya related their 260-day calendar to celestial bodies , especially Venus and Mars .	Plur
There are quite a few cubs also who are either in sub-adult stage or have entered adulthood and are separate now .	Plur
Since 1715 , all Lord Lieutenants have also been Custos Rotulorum of Cambridgeshire .	Plur
Deputy Lieutenants traditionally supported the Lord-Lieutenant .	Plur
Adaptations include flat bodies , lateral spines , oil droplets , floats filled with gases , sheaths made of gel-like substances , and ion replacement .	Plur
From 17June the 6S and 6L units were working services throughout the day .	Plur
The Hastings Diesels had almost completely replaced steam by June 1958 .	Plur
The cut-off joined the main line at Tonbridge .	Plur
The cut-off opened in 1868 .	Plur
Lobatse has the distinction of having the first tarmac road in Botswana , which was laid in 1958 .	Plur
Since 1761 , all Lord Lieutenants have also been Custos Rotulorum of Anglesey .	Plur
After 1723 , all Lord Lieutenants were also Custos Rotulorum of Brecknockshire .	Plur
The Shipyards announced themselves as " Contractors To The Admiralty , War Office , India Office And Allied Governments " .	Plur
The Biosciences and Medicine Academy also known as BMSA is offered at the Rockwell Campus .	Plur
On 1 January 2005 the SDSS finally merged with Direction to form Direction – Social Democracy .	Plur
Certain sub-fields of animal training tend to also have certain philosophies and styles .	Plur
Although structurally similar , the analogous carbonyls differ in several ways , mainly because t-BuNC is a better donor ligand than CO .	Plur
The former AirAsia Flying Spikers became the Generika Lifesavers after the pullout of AirAsia Philippines .	Plur
Her suicidal fantasies get her locked away for four months in a Soviet mental institute .	Plur
In the Carpathians , several rockslides occurred , a large one in the Buzău River Valley .	Plur
Junctions with KY 171 and KY 507 will follow after KY 181 leaves the Elkton area .	Plur
In 2015 , carers provided around 1.9 billion hours of unpaid care .	Plur
Carers save the UK economy an estimated £ 87bn a year , and economic considerations form a key element in government policy to support carers .	Plur
The pajamas , known first as the Uni-Lazy , went on sale August 29 , 2009 .	Plur
All Apologies ( 愛的替身 " Ai De Ti Shen " ) is a 2012 Chinese drama film directed by Emily Tang .	Plur
The Niners struck first on a Kaliff Phillips 1 yard touchdown run .	Plur
Later in the first quarter the Niners would put together a ten play drive that would be capped by an Andrew Buie 1 yard touchdown run .	Plur
The defending conference champs would return to West Virginia with a 34 to 10 win over the 49ers .	Plur
In the early 1900s , American perfumes began to increase in value and Blocki attributed this increase to progress made in the art by American perfumers .	Plur
Trial borings began in that field and in March 1897 Leicester was called back again to re-locate the springs .	Plur
Volumes ( stylized sometimes as VOLUMES ) is an American progressive metalcore band based in Los Angeles , California .	Plur
Volumes make use of " bouncy " guitar riffs , groove-driven breakdowns , nu metal influence and dual lead vocalists .	Plur
Volumes departed from Mediaskare Records and signed a recording contract with Fearless Records , releasing their single " Feels Good " on June 16 , 2016 .	Plur
In February 2017 , Volumes vocalist Gus Farias generated controversy when he failed to deliver on paid guest spots for other bands , later offering refunds .	Plur
O ’ Malley had not seen the movie at that time but planned to do so according to a church spokesman .	Plur
Roupa Nova em Londres ( Portuguese for Roupa Nova in London ) is an album by Brazilian pop band Roupa Nova .	Plur
At the age of five , Noons started training in Kenpō Karate .	Plur
At age 17 , Noons won the ISKA Super Middleweight International Championship as an amateur in Sanshou .	Plur
In 2005 , Noons won the PRIDE Fighting Championship 's " Best Striker " auditions .	Plur
Noons felt he was not ready to compete at the highest level that early in his career and chose a more conservative route .	Plur
After three combined wins under the ICON Sport and SuperBrawl banner , Noons would move on to compete in bigger promotions .	Plur
In 2006 , Noons signed a deal with promoter Gary Shaw that allowed him to participate in both boxing and mixed martial arts .	Plur
Noons would keep the fight standing and dropped Diaz with a straight right punch around the 2 : 07 mark of the round .	Plur
On June 14 , 2008 Noons was successful in his first and only title defense with a TKO win over Yves Edwards in Hawaii at .	Plur
In March 2010 , Noons made his Japanese debut as he represented Strikeforce at DREAM 13 .	Plur
Noons would go on to win a closely contested fight by split decision .	Plur
Noons next faced Jorge Gurgel on August 21 , 2010 at .	Plur
Right at the opening bell for round two , Noons landed a right hand followed by a left hook that dropped Gurgel to the canvas once again .	Plur
Noons looked to the referee expecting a stoppage and received no response .	Plur
After the fight Noons revealed that he had sustained a broken jaw in the first round and a broken hand in the second .	Plur
Noons faced Jorge Masvidal at .	Plur
Noons went on to lose a unanimous decision .	Plur
Noons then faced Billy Evangelista at in December 2011 .	Plur
Noons next faced Josh Thomson in the co-main event at in March 2012 .	Plur
Noons returned to face Ryan Couture at the final Strikeforce event , , on January 12 , 2013 .	Plur
Noons lost the fight via highly controversial split decision .	Plur
Despite the loss , Noons still moved over to the UFC .	Plur
In his UFC debut , Noons faced Donald Cerrone on May 25 , 2013 at UFC 160 .	Plur
Noons faced Sam Stout in a welterweight bout on April 16 , 2014 at .	Plur
Noons won the fight via knockout in the first round , earning him his first " Performance of the Night " bonus award .	Plur
Noons next faced Daron Cruickshank on December 12 , 2014 at .	Plur
Noons lost the fight via submission in the first round .	Plur
Noons faced Josh Burkman on February 6 , 2016 at UFC Fight Night 82 .	Plur
Noons posed for a PETA advertisement campaign , speaking out against animal cruelty and encouraging people to report animal abuse to authorities .	Plur
Noons made his film debut in the 2014 comedy " Mantervention " playing himself .	Plur
The Rites of Zhou described the four groups in a different order , with merchants before farmers .	Plur
Crushed stone substitutes for roadbuilding include sand and gravel , and slag .	Plur
Many pterygotid eurypterids , such as " Jaekelopterus " and " Pterygotus " , grew to gigantic proportions .	Plur
In Bohemia , pterygotid eurypterids occur in strata that were once marine environments , associated with common and diverse marine fossils .	Plur
EGFR activates c-Src while EGF also increases the activity of c-Src .	Plur
Sikkimese are traditionally rice eaters .	Plur
Brown rots are more common to conifers , although one brown rot , " Fistulina hepatica " ( beefsteak fungus ) , is known to cause spalting .	Plur
Brown rots , the " unpleasing " type of spalting , do not degrade lignin , thus creating a crumbly , cracked surface which cannot be stabilized .	Plur
Whitby Seafoods launched its products in 20 stores of a major British supermarket in 2008 .	Plur
Most outfitters recommend at least a .30 to .37 cal .	Plur
The abbesses promoted arts and sciences .	Plur
Until 1381 the abbesses of Gernrode succeeded in enforcing their exemption from the bishopric of Halberstadt .	Plur
The abbesses became Imperial princesses ( ) and sat in the Reichstag in the College of Prelates of the Rhine .	Plur
From 1649 for over a century the abbesses were all Calvinist but that did not alter the Lutheran character of the principality .	Plur
The Billikens won the 1973 NCAA Men 's Soccer Championship and Rudroff was a third team All American in 1974 .	Plur
André-Albert Blais ( 26 August 1842 – 23 January 1919 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and Bishop of Rimouski .	Plur
Giese joined Imperial German Navy on the 1 .	Plur
Australian rainbowfish are schooling fish and will congregate near logs or riverbanks .	Plur
Australian rainbowfish reach maximum lengths of , but the males are usually no larger than , while the females usually only grow to .	Plur
Australian rainbowfish have two dorsal fins and a pointed anal fin .	Plur
Australian rainbowfish are colourful fish , hence their name .	Plur
Australian rainbowfish are freshwater fish native to Australia , occurring in New South Wales and Queensland , especially in the Murray-Darling basin .	Plur
Dramatic shipwrecks with dark billowy clouds form a significant part of his oeuvre , as do serene ports and " portraits " of ships .	Plur
Nettles continues hitch-hiking while on the dirt road , getting on a motorcycle and in a station wagon .	Plur
The steel roadway stringers , floor beams , and trusses were corroded .	Plur
Rails are a reduced length top rail for optics mounting and one short bottom rail section for sling or bi-pod mounting .	Plur
Edges ( sometimes produced as " Edges : A Song Cycle " ) is a work of musical theatre by Pasek & Paul .	Plur
Edges made its Singapore premiere in April 2013 at the Drama Centre .	Plur
Edges made its premiere in Paris , France in June 2013 presented by American Musical Theatre Live .	Plur
Edges made its Houston premiere in April 2016 at Frenetic Theatre .	Plur
Grows scattered to gregariously on dead grasses , in grasslands and savanna near ponderosa pine woodlands , often near gopher holes .	Plur
There were also melons and ' arbouses ' ( ? )	Plur
The ravages of the white ants with which it was infested had more or less destroyed the whole of the timberwork in the building .	Plur
Individually and as a group the gatehouses demonstrate English cultural references and concepts of nineteenth century park landscape enhancement and utility .	Plur
The film culminates in the replayed game , played at Cardiff Arms Park .	Plur
The halves are the same for all four levels at 10 minutes each instead of 40 minutes each .	Plur
Spell casters can only learn a very limited number of spells .	Plur
Since May 19 , 2017 Chairmen of the Commission is Kakhi Bekauri .	Plur
Finnish monophthongs show eight vowels qualities that contrast in duration , thus 16 vowel phonemes in total .	Plur
Consonants are as follows , where consonants in parenthesis are found only in a few recent loans , and may be mispronounced by uneducated speakers .	Plur
SY has a voltage rating of 300 / 500V .	Plur
Prabhas plays the lead role , where he plays dual roles of the characters Billa and Swami Ranga , with Anushka Shetty and Namitha playing the heroines .	Plur
As a daughter language of Dutch , Afrikaans evolved mainly from 17th century Dutch dialects , but was influenced by various other languages in South Africa .	Plur
Symmons was the younger son of John Symmons , the MP for Cardigan .	Plur
Symmons protested , but decided to take his degree from the University of Oxford instead .	Plur
As travel time between the patch and their hiding place increased , the chipmunks stayed longer at the patch .	Plur
For example , lionesses ( female lions ) do not make decisions about foraging in a vacuum .	Plur
Equal placings ( ties ) give an equal number of points .	Plur
On the other hand , such LPS would not be able to induce septic shock in susceptible patients , rendering septic complications more manageable .	Plur
The Turkmens reside in the north of the province , a plain called Turkmen Sahra .	Plur
Turkmens are Muslim and follow the Hanafi school of Sunni interpretation .	Plur
Turkmens are totally Sunni in their make up .	Plur
The Turkmens reside in the north of the province , a plain called Turkmen Sahra .	Plur
Turkmens are Muslim and follow the Hanafi school of Sunni interpretation .	Plur
Geographers have recorded Kerman 's ancient name as " Go 'asheer " ( Bardesheer ) .	Plur
The altitudes and heights of the province are the continuation of the central mountain ranges of Iran .	Plur
Manufactures include bricks , cement , milled rice , and carpets .	Plur
Cambuur won the Eerste Divisie title in 1992 and gained promotion to the Eredivisie , but was relegated two seasons later in 1994 .	Plur
Cambuur won the Eerste Divisie championship in the 2012 – 13 season , awarding the club promotion to the Eredivisie for the 2013 – 14 season .	Plur
The Chieftains were also related to the Kings of Rohan .	Plur
The camera zooms out of the room as Luke 's screams fade away as he is presumably raped and impregnated .	Plur
All Scottish viscounts have ' of ' in their titles , contrary to English viscounts who are styled simply ' Viscount X ' .	Plur
The Congregationalists built a chapel on the west side of Fieldside in 1880 , which has since been converted as a furniture salesroom .	Plur
When King has been absent from the show , other interviewers have substituted for him .	Plur
Such refrigerators are useful in applications where their advantages outweigh the disadvantage of their very low efficiency .	Plur
In Jung 's psychological framework , archetypes are innate , universal prototypes for ideas and may be used to interpret observations .	Plur
Samuels ( 1985 ) considers J. Redfearn , Richard Carvalho and himself ( Andrew Samuels ) as representatives of the developmental approach .	Plur
The Berkshires ( ) are a highland geologic region located in the western parts of Massachusetts and Connecticut .	Plur
The Berkshires lie within the New England / Acadian forests ecoregion .	Plur
Combined with the rich mesic forests ranging from the northern hardwood to the taiga or sub-alpine , the Berkshires have a valuable , biologically diverse ecosystem .	Plur
Australasian catbirds are the genera " Ailuroedus " and the monotypic " Scenopooetes " .	Plur
New World catbirds are two monotypic genera from the mimid family ( Mimidae ) of the passeridan superfamily Muscicapoidea .	Plur
The rightist parties Vlaams Belang and N-VA ( the largest party in the Flemish Parliament as of 2014 ) support this view .	Plur
Although some populations have declined , there have been no major extinctions of wildlife in this area .	Plur
and all other commutators vanish .	Plur
In the quarter final , Hankey defeated Martin Atkins 5 – 1 .	Plur
As he was about to release the sarin , Hirose believed the loud noises caused by the newspaper-wrapped packets had caught the attention of a schoolgirl .	Plur
Hirose was thirty years old at the time of the attacks .	Plur
Hirose teamed up with getaway driver Koichi Kitamura .	Plur
After releasing the sarin , Hirose himself showed symptoms of sarin poisoning .	Plur
Telles describes both classifications as " biologically invalid " , but sociologically significant .	Plur
Constables were also an important part of police knowledge .	Plur
Constables and Sergeants display collar numbers on their rank badges ( in the range 1 to 150 for Sergeants and 151 to 999 for Constables ) .	Plur
Special Constables have four-digit collar numbers beginning 11 or 12 , and Special Sergeants have four-digit collar numbers beginning 10 .	Plur
However , there have been no warm-ups for recent series .	Plur
Nestlings of host species can also alter their behavior in response to the presence of a cowbird nestling .	Plur
Selfridges , also known as Selfridges & Co . , is a chain of high-end department stores in the United Kingdom , operated by Selfridges Retail Limited .	Plur
In September 1998 , Selfridges expanded and opened a department store in the newly-opened Trafford Centre in Greater Manchester .	Plur
In October 2009 , Selfridges revived its rooftop entertainment with the opening of " The Restaurant on the Roof " .	Plur
Massive abutments at each end carried the railway 's insignia , preserved and restored on the south side .	Plur
Two or three ounces of white rum completed the mixture .	Plur
Distinctions between the two species are so slight that they are speculated to be the same , although genetic makeup and geographic distribution show otherwise .	Plur
Animals produced clicks , click trains , and frequency modulated pulses and whistles which gives their vocalizations a characteristic warbling aural impression .	Plur
Printers and photocopiers are also available .	Plur
Each seeks to move beyond economic issues , beyond the material realm of politics , to stake out new ground .	Plur
There are , however , some subtleties to consider when dealing with general distributions defined on a sigma algebra , rather than on a topological space .	Plur
In coaching days , 150 stagecoaches passed through Barnet daily .	Plur
Biggs was the Principal Lecturer in History at Eaton Hall College and a keen local historian .	Plur
The East Retford Pastures meanwhile are susceptible to flooding .	Plur
His holiness and miracles attracted many followers , and drew attention throughout the empire .	Plur
Maras are the fourth-largest rodent in the world , after capybaras , beavers , and porcupines , reaching about in height .	Plur
Maras have stocky bodies , three sharp-clawed digits on the hind feet , and four digits of the fore feet .	Plur
Generally , decreased reflexes indicate a peripheral problem , and lively or exaggerated reflexes a central one .	Plur
Other reflexes found in the central nervous system include :	Plur
Many open-access repositories offer a programmable interface to query their content .	Plur
There are various open access aggregators that list open access journals or articles .	Plur
Fortified or mock-fortified gatehouses remained a feature of ambitious French and English residences into the 17th century .	Plur
There are some street nameplates which retain the label " Borough of Finsbury " .	Plur
Different fads have caused specific toys to surge in popularity among adults and collectors .	Plur
The three choughs in the first quarter represent the county of Surrey .	Plur
Later flu pandemics were not so devastating .	Plur
Nerves tend to lie deep under the skin but can still become exposed to damage .	Plur
The Magic Midgets were a number of record-breaking 750cc " midget " MG cars of the 1930s .	Plur
Varghese continued to pursue theological studies .	Plur
Ramose started out training as a scribe at one of the Theban schools .	Plur
McAdams was the conductor for Elliott Carter 's 103rd Birthday Concert at New York 's 92nd Street Y with Fred Sherry and Nicholas Phan .	Plur
The record 's grungy pop-punk sound drew immediate comparisons with Green Day and Nirvana .	Plur
There are also three novellas related to the story .	Plur
Belizeans are people associated with the country of Belize through citizenship or descent .	Plur
These outbursts are immediate , so they are prone to happen at any time .	Plur
Several military hydrofoils of differing sizes , with speeds up to 60 knots , were acquired during World War II .	Plur
The BIA at first resisted this change .	Plur
Bonus animations can also be unlocked under certain conditions , such as completing each difficulty setting .	Plur
The following night on " SmackDown " , vignettes began to air promoting The Ascension 's call-up to the main roster .	Plur
Cowles purchased " Family Circle " in 1962 , and sold it to The New York Times Company in 1972 .	Plur
Cowles became the station 's sole owner shortly after its launch .	Plur
In 1986 , Cowles sold the Register and Tribune Syndicate to Hearst Communications for $ 4.3 million .	Plur
Handicrafts were initially a necessity , and pioneers developed techniques to adapt their skills to the materials on hand .	Plur
The Three Nephites are three Nephite disciples chosen by Jesus in the Book of Mormon to never die .	Plur
Steam-driven lathes made Roman turned legs and furniture with spool-turned decoration popular .	Plur
Cowles created four weeklies , the " Idaho Farmer " , " Washington Farmer " , " Oregon Farmer " and " Utah Farmer " .	Plur
Alfred Cowles , 3rd — the grandson of Alfred , Sr. — founded the Cowles Commission for Research in Economics following the Great Depression .	Plur
The Evenks , Tungusic peoples , tribes , in Russia , Mongolia and China also use chums .	Plur
An IMS would seek general consistency and a standardized approach to project planning , scheduling and analysis .	Plur
Some cookbooks and authors have used leaves and twigs of the camphor plant in smoking due to the dish 's name , but this is a misunderstanding .	Plur
There are many gorges on the Mohaka ; some as steep as 200m ( 656 feet ) .	Plur
There are 3 gorges to be appreciated on this run .	Plur
Labrador Retrievers are a popular breed of dog in many countries .	Plur
Dudleys breed true for both fur and skin .	Plur
Footballers from the Riverina and Farrer Football Leagues who are currently playing in the AFL include :	Plur
( Hons ) from London University , completed barrister at law at Middle Temple , and returned in 1927 to start practice as advocate .	Plur
There were radio dramatizations of her life and on television a popular miniseries and investigative reports were produced .	Plur
There are very significant gold placers and platinum group minerals ( PGM ) in the Baimka basin , in the immediate vicinity of the Aluchin Horst .	Plur
Teammates from the Denver Broncos and New England Patriots attended , although the Broncos defeated the Patriots in the AFC Championship less than three months prior .	Plur
Slavey does not have obligatory possession but Navajo does .	Plur
Beach seines and hook-and-line methods are the predominant methods of capture .	Plur
The Winchesters , however , differ from the original design in that they feature rebounding hammers and a tang safety .	Plur
Home Truths ( 1999 ) is a novella by British author David Lodge .	Plur
The acropolis is the most thoroughly fortified and complex area in the city , of which it appropriates the major portion of the southwestern zone .	Plur
All aetosaurs belong to the family Stagonolepididae .	Plur
Many aetosaurs had wide geographic ranges , but their stratigraphic ranges were relatively short .	Plur
Although the forelimbs are much smaller than the hind limbs , all aetosaurs were quadrupeds .	Plur
In fact , Marsh considered aetosaurs to be closely related to dinosaurs because both had similar metatarsals .	Plur
There were no such heroics in the third game which England won by an innings ; Van der Bijl scored 28 and 13 .	Plur
The marabouts , leaders and sources of guidance in Sufi brotherhoods , became alternative sources of authority in dissidence from the French .	Plur
These Reformists were responding to French colonial repression of Islamic culture in Senegal .	Plur
In turn , marabouts work with their followers , often arranging marriages or resolving disputes .	Plur
DeSales is a private , four-year Catholic university for men and women administered by the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales .	Plur
By 1630 , many Arminians had already returned to the Netherlands .	Plur
In 1919 , Philippe Thys had been in poor physical condition , and he did not even finish the first stage .	Plur
In the sixth and seventh stage over the Pyrénées , Thys rode economically .	Plur
Thys had been in every breakaway , finished in the top five in every stage , winning four stages and coming in second seven times .	Plur
Small cardboard cut-outs show the deployment of men and ships .	Plur
Hodgetts then swapped cars with Breeze , who himself was replaced by Gavin Pyper for the final round .	Plur
Theses will include a solderless construction board of some type , such as :	Plur
In 1947 , Icelandair started flights to Reykjavík and the same year British European Airways transferred its London route from Gardermoen to Fornebu .	Plur
In 1960 , Finnair started flying to Helsinki , although direct flights were not introduced until 1971 .	Plur
Two sub-classes of the N class existed , both Baldwin Vauclain compounds built for the WMR .	Plur
Both clubhouses have changing rooms and dining facilities .	Plur
Claes is the 7th most common surname in Belgium ( 16,840 people in 1998 ) and the most common surname in Belgian Limburg .	Plur
These unsolicited junk electronic mails came to be called ' Spam ' .	Plur
Gustav Adolf Lammers Heiberg ( 22 April 1875 – 1948 ) was a Norwegian barrister and politician for the Labour Party .	Plur
In the 1990s , the most common way spammers did this was to use open mail relays .	Plur
Besides relays and proxies , spammers have used other insecure services to send spam .	Plur
Rather than searching the global network for exploitable services such as open relays and proxies , spammers began creating " services " of their own .	Plur
By commissioning computer viruses designed to deploy proxies and other spam-sending tools , spammers could harness hundreds of thousands of end-user computers .	Plur
Beginning in July 2003 , spammers started using some of these same viruses to perpetrate distributed denial-of-service ( DDoS ) attacks upon DNSBLs and other anti-spam resources .	Plur
In 1668 the Russian rebel cossacks led by Stepan Razin sacked Farahabad .	Plur
Outer squalls produced a tornado outbreak of 28 twisters , most of which occurred in northwestern Florida .	Plur
There were three wheelbases , extra short wheelbase used only on the G7128 Bomb servicer , short wheelbase , and the long wheelbase .	Plur
Billboards in Massachusetts , Oregon , Nevada , and Florida will also feature the San Diego case .	Plur
If their native homeland is unknown , strong young Gypsies aimlessly wandering about should also be sent to forced labor institutions .	Plur
In 1871 , Måns Olsson became tenant of the mill after having undergone an apprenticeship .	Plur
Belts worn at the hips were more of a necessity rather than a luxury .	Plur
Beads occasionally acted as alternatives , although not often .	Plur
The Anglo-Saxons usually covered their bare feet , except when working .	Plur
Peasants wore tunics which were shorter and the sleeves were " tubular … [ and ] rolled back " .	Plur
Short stockings ended just below the knee and the border was occasionally decorated .	Plur
Leg bandages for the nobility became popular which criss-crossed and extended above the knee .	Plur
After the crusades , fabrics such as damasks , velvets , and satin were brought back to England , as was samite .	Plur
Willey started his career playing for his home county Northamptonshire in the County Championship division two .	Plur
Willey made his Twenty20 International debut in the same series on 23 June 2015 .	Plur
Willey kept his place in the side against Pakistan for the ODI series .	Plur
Willey continued to impress against Sri Lanka , taking figures of 2 – 26 .	Plur
Logroñés plays home games at " Estadio Las Gaunas " .	Plur
A D 354 express and the P 7523 stopping train crashed into each other at Hohenthurm on 29 February 1984 .	Plur
UM is home to a variety of institutes and research centers with many regarding ecology , environmentalism , wildlife preservation , Native American Issues , and health .	Plur
Some Jell-O brand instant puddings are vegan , such as those in vanilla , lemon , banana crème , and pistachio flavors .	Plur
Lubricants help prevent work-material from adhering to the bit .	Plur
Threonine proteases are a family of proteolytic enzymes harbouring a threonine ( Thr ) residue within the active site .	Plur
Threonine proteases use the secondary alcohol of their N-terminal threonine as a nucleophile to perform catalysis .	Plur
In Spain , as in the Maghreb , the Almoravids were unable to resist the Almohads .	Plur
Lyautey thought that peace could be achieved and ordered Lieutenant-Colonel René Laverdure , who commanded the garrison in Khénifra , not to launch any offensives .	Plur
Recipes such as character cakes and meals inspired by the shorts were accessible through the websites for several years .	Plur
Gour meaning stone and pho meaning cave .	Plur
The Archons ( ) are the builders and wardens of Dilemma Prisons .	Plur
In addition to the category awards , the HFCS presented their annual Lifetime Achievement Award to Sissy Spacek and its Humanitarian Award to George Clooney .	Plur
The similes come naturally , and rather bring out the basic unity of texture that binds all human history .	Plur
Tres Amigas would use high-temperature superconductor ( HTS ) wire supplied by American Superconductor Corp .	Plur
Machinists also have the option to take roughing cuts and finish cuts .	Plur
Mature lymphocytes are part of the specific immune system because they recognize previous invaders and assist the body in attacking these invaders .	Plur
These pontoons provide buoyancy allowing the unit to be towed from location to location .	Plur
( Proverbs 18 : 5 ) These are great sins , because they gravely compromise the exercise of justice and the fairness of judicial decisions .	Plur
The imams based their legitimacy on descent from the Islamic prophet Muhammad , mostly via al-Qasim ar-Rassi ( d . 860 ) .	Plur
For a time , the imams ruled a comprehensive territory , including South Yemen and areas even further to the east .	Plur
The imams themselves adopted the style of Middle East monarchies , becoming increasingly distant figures .	Plur
The two imams strengthened the state and secured its borders .	Plur
The Aeros reached the Western Conference Finals before being eliminated with Climie playing in 5 games going 1 – 1 .	Plur
Heartstrings is a 2009 British animated short film directed by Rhiannon Evans at the University of Wales in Newport .	Plur
Leases include dependent covenants - if the landlord fails to perform their duties , the tenant will be relieved of paying rent .	Plur
Leases usually include a limited covenant to repair for the tenants , and this essentially equates to refraining from committing waste .	Plur
The Liberians hoped to possibly work for and study in China .	Plur
frons are broad in both sexes .	Plur
Numerous marsh and shore birds migrate through in spring and fall .	Plur
Only three semicircular apses of the calcareous stone have remained , while the interiors were refurbished in the 18th century .	Plur
His other benefactions to the see were so numerous that the author of the " Historia compostelana " refused to list them all .	Plur
The Purifiers also incapacitate Nightcrawler with disorienting weaponry to prevent him from teleporting .	Plur
We ourselves and our mistaken way of behaving are the Mafia . "	Plur
The General Assembly convenes on the second Monday of every other year .	Plur
These diodes are typically available in the larger DO-201AD axial package to dissipate heat better .	Plur
Meanwhile , eight More F-4s took off from Tehran and launched a second attack on the al-Rashid airbase .	Plur
All Iraqi airbases near Iran were out of order for weeks and , according to Iran , Iraq 's aerial efficiency was reduced by 55 % .	Plur
Some tumours are difficult to classify and have features overlapping more than one category .	Plur
Type I endometrial carcinomas occur most commonly before and around the time of menopause .	Plur
Type I carcinomas represent 75 – 90 % of endometrial cancer .	Plur
Low-grade endometrioid adenocarcinomas have well differentiated cells , have not invaded the myometrium , and are seen alongside endometrial hyperplasia .	Plur
Some endometrioid adenocarcinomas have foci of mucinous carcinoma .	Plur
Serous carcinomas spread differently than most other endometrial cancers ; they can spread outside the uterus without invading the myometrium .	Plur
Mucinous carcinomas are a rare form of endometrial cancer , making up less than 1 – 2 % of all diagnosed endometrial cancer .	Plur
Mucinous endometrial carcinomas are most often stage I and grade I , giving them a good prognosis .	Plur
Mixed carcinomas are those that have both Type I and Type II cells , with one making up at least 10 % of the tumor .	Plur
Primary transitional cell carcinomas of the endometrium are even more rare ; 16 cases had been reported .	Plur
In contrast to endometrial carcinomas , the uncommon endometrial stromal sarcomas are cancers that originate in the non-glandular connective tissue of the endometrium .	Plur
The few contraindications to surgery include inoperable tumor , massive obesity , a particularly high-risk operation , or a desire to preserve fertility .	Plur
These contraindications happen in about 5 – 10 % of cases .	Plur
Southern rock band North Mississippi Allstars formed in Hernando in 1996 .	Plur
Over the years American Atheists has filed numerous lawsuits against public institutions considered to have breached the constitutional separation between church and state .	Plur
An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death .	Plur
In 2002 , American Atheists took Wildwood , Florida , to court for " displaying religious decorations at City Hall . "	Plur
American Atheists helped organize a campaign against the " no atheists in foxholes " claim .	Plur
According to tbe " Los Angeles Times " , atheists subsequently have become more outspoken about being an ignored voice in the United States .	Plur
American Atheists have won several important cases involving the separation of church and state .	Plur
Introductions into South America began in 1904 in Argentina .	Plur
The LPS Cores of many bacteria also contain non-carbohydrate components , such as phosphate , amino acids , and ethanolamine substituents .	Plur
Nestlings typically fledge 15 – 17 days after hatching , often ending up on the ground during the first flight out of the nest .	Plur
Bures comes from the Latin meaning Burer burn .	Plur
At that time , the Macintosh had a high resolution 9-inch monochrome monitor that could display 512x342 pixels .	Plur
The Nawabs often gave them concessions in return for the security .	Plur
The 645 Stainless steel seagulls represent the souls of the lost sailors .	Plur
‘ Sex Helpers ’ have been active there since the seventies .	Plur
Solar cookers use sunlight for cooking , drying and pasteurization .	Plur
The cadences used in this movement are similar to those in Mozart 's " Rondo alla Turca " .	Plur
Manipur is a polytheistic land with Atiya Sidaba as the supreme god .	Plur
Murphy 's Haystacks are roughly 15 minutes drive from the township .	Plur
After the $ 0.20 fee was implemented , tastings dropped to around 2 million domain names per month .	Plur
Some seismologists say that the seismic activity in West Japan is at its peak , and many earthquakes will occur , like the Great Hanshin earthquake .	Plur
Some seismologists are trying to simulate these kind of earthquakes as well as inland earthquakes .	Plur
Stowers played for the Hibiscus Coast Raiders in the 2002 Bartercard Cup .	Plur
In 2004 Stowers made two appearances for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League competition .	Plur
The four corner pendentives show violent episodes in which the People of Israel were rescued from enemies , or from their own sinful ways .	Plur
There are Christian majorities in Malinau and Kutai Barat regencies .	Plur
Other seminaries belong to PASTI ( evangelical association ) or PERSATPIM ( Pentecostal association ) .	Plur
Forced circumcisions and forced conversions of Christians occurred during the 1999 – 2002 Muslim-Christian conflict in Maluku , along with attacks on churches throughout Indonesia .	Plur
The BFI have released The Angelic Conversation on DVD .	Plur
Full timetables are from National Rail Enquiries .	Plur
Diseases like HIV / AIDS and tuberculosis are also a major focus .	Plur
The severe punishments meted out were also due to his orders .	Plur
Unitarians have no dogma or creed , and take inspiration from all religious teachings , as well as from science and the arts .	Plur
Lemmons served as a member of the Michigan State House of Representatives , is an African-American politician from the State of Michigan .	Plur
Lemmons served at Ashiya Air Force Base in Japan .	Plur
Blooms are clearly visible by air , appearing as a red area in otherwise blue water .	Plur
Family allowances had been one of the items proposed by the Beveridge Report in 1942 .	Plur
The Brains were an American rock band band from Atlanta , Georgia , led by songwriter Tom Gray in the early 1980s .	Plur
Gestures include movement of the hands , face , or other parts of the body .	Plur
Gestures are culture-specific and can convey very different meanings in different social or cultural settings .	Plur
Often , nunataks poke through the surface of icefields .	Plur
Examinations started in the summer of 1960 with nine candidates .	Plur
At night , CFSX and its repeaters serve as repeaters to CFCB .	Plur
The John Wagner story " Origins " refers to Pat Mills ' " Dredd " stories but makes no attempt to acknowledge " Invasion !	Plur
Some Foster Grandparents also receive small tax-free stipends to offset costs incurred while participating in the program ; eligibility for these stipends is based on income criteria .	Plur
The F-15s initially intercepted the aircraft off the coast of eastern Canada .	Plur
Beginning in 2007 , the F-15s began moving to Barnes Municipal Airport .	Plur
As the term begins , McLean 's roommates participate in breaking in the new cadets , while McLean remains aloof .	Plur
Both participles must agree with the subject .	Plur
Sometime between 1660 and 1690 the Senecas began to occupy the area .	Plur
The Senecas began selling portions of the reservation in the 1840s to members of the Ebenezer Society .	Plur
Meeks does not perform guitar in the video with the exception of the solo .	Plur
In a 2008 interview , Meeks noted , " As far as I ’ m concerned , he owns the track . "	Plur
Pumphrey had warned Booth that the horse was high spirited and she would break her halter if left unattended .	Plur
Unlike the massif of the Mont Blanc , the Aiguilles Rouges have no significant glaciers .	Plur
The Aiguilles Rouges offer a splendid view of all the peaks of Chamonix , the glaciers of Mont Blanc , and the roof of Europe .	Plur
Up to then , Marian apparitions confirmed existing dogmas rather than demanding new ones .	Plur
Since 2002 , the Amsterdam apparitions have had approval of the diocesan bishop , Monsignor Jozef Marianus Punt , Bishop of Haarlem-Amsterdam .	Plur
Nuns were both entering the profession later and living longer than before .	Plur
Because all marine mammals have excellent underwater hearing , transients probably remain silent for much of the time to avoid detection by their acoustically-sensitive prey .	Plur
As soon as Eddie gets back up , the door slams shut and it begins to rain .	Plur
The Yoruba blacksmiths were among the most skilled in West Africa .	Plur
" A well-run , fun Globes — privileged people toasting their terrific success with bottomless Moët — is its own corrective to Hollywood self-seriousness .	Plur
ASE provides semiconductor assembly and testing services for over 90 percent of electronics companies in the world .	Plur
In October 2001 , ASE began volume production of wafer-level chip-scale packages .	Plur
Since 2007 , ASE has been working with AMD to bring 2.5D packaging technology to market .	Plur
From 2010 to 2013 , ASE has invested US $ 13.2 million in treating industrial water .	Plur
In addition , ASE invested $ 25.3 million to build a water recycling plant , K14 in Kaohsiung , Taiwan .	Plur
Blaney made his stop with 47 laps to go and handed the lead to Carl Edwards .	Plur
The Retrievers finished the season 4 – 26 , 2 – 14 in America East play to finish in a tie for eighth place .	Plur
The facings of three fireplaces are King of Prussia blue marble .	Plur
Both these accoutrements were present in Rome .	Plur
Former Senior Pastors include Rev .	Plur
Thus , beekeepers usually do not wear any special protection when working with the hives to inspect its health , collect honey or duplicate the colony .	Plur
Spectres is a 2004 supernatural drama film directed by Phil Leirness and starring by Marina Sirtis , Dean Haglund and Tucker Smallwood .	Plur
Running back Tony Boles ran 73 yards for a touchdown on the second play of the game .	Plur
Zoos frequently perform training drills in order to keep the team up to date and ready for a real animal escape .	Plur
Australian zoos use a set of standard emergency radio codes for dealing with escaped animals .	Plur
Many zoos in America have a similar policy .	Plur
Many zoos created or enhanced their emergency response teams following a gorilla attack at the Dallas Zoo in 2004 .	Plur
Mathur received his PhD from the University of Cambridge in 1995 for research into heavy fermion systems .	Plur
The sconces providing illumination are luminescent lamps of a spherical design .	Plur
Specialists can find similarities to Gregorian hymnals and chorales .	Plur
Despite their gifts , the Carpathians are on the edge of extinction .	Plur
The Lashes were a Seattle-based power pop band that formed in 2000 and became inactive in 2008 .	Plur
In 2004 , the Lashes released the " Stupid Stupid " EP , produced by John Goodmanson , on Lookout !	Plur
The Butlers and Senecas joined forces in early July to attack the Wyoming Valley .	Plur
The Butlers continued to attack New York frontier areas while Brant became more active on the western front .	Plur
Artworks are therefore rarely attributed to their respective artists due to the need for anonymity .	Plur
Cozens coached the basketball team for two seasons , finishing with an overall record of 21 – 4 .	Plur
The statesmen who devised the Versailles settlement were not economists .	Plur
On November 28 , 1923 Matthes announced that he had dissolved the separatist government .	Plur
All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds , and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds .	Plur
All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds , and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds .	Plur
Perris ' performing career began at the age of 18 , when he was invited to tour with composer Mimis Plessas .	Plur
The Matadors were a beat band from Czechoslovakia .	Plur
The Matadors formed in early 1965 from Fontana ( The Fontanas ) , with members from Pra-Be and Komety ( The Comets ) .	Plur
The Matadors reunited in 1991 and made rare public appearances until 2008 .	Plur
Some setters will set the stone into that concave depression , and some will use a hart burr to cut a bearing around the edge .	Plur
Petitioners filed a motion to dismiss respondents ' complaint for failure to state a claim .	Plur
At that time , all fourteen were serving 65-year sentences at Thayet prison .	Plur
Mosquitoes were constant pests and travelers often mention that their animals were covered with blood from the bites .	Plur
Consonants of the column are apical , those of the column laminal .	Plur
Syllables are consonant-vowel or vowel-only .	Plur
The demonstratives are complex and poorly understood .	Plur
Consonants of the column are apical , those of the column laminal .	Plur
Syllables are consonant-vowel or vowel-only .	Plur
Within noun phrases , modifiers follow the noun .	Plur
These three subsections reflect the three main skill areas that a percussionist studies .	Plur
On lap 185 , Blaney spun out off of Ku .	Plur
Antennas are shorter than the head and pronotum The tibiae of the hind legs are usually red and the femora are quite robust .	Plur
Tredegar Ironworks may refer to either of the two similarly named nineteenth-century ironworks :	Plur
In another possible future , Dimitrios , born from the Ultron Anti-virus , destroys all humanity , Kree , Skulls , and Inhuman llife .	Plur
Halep would go on to win the senior title for her maiden Grand Slam singles title ten years later .	Plur
The Veronicas had performed the song live at the ARIA Music Awards in 2008 .	Plur
Willits was lesbian and throughout her adult life lived with her partner , Elizabeth Ristine .	Plur
Willits lived quietly in San Francisco until her death at age 95 .	Plur
On September 22 , 1692 , Noyes had officiated as clergyman at the final hangings of those accused of witchcraft .	Plur
These good preconditions facilitated investments .	Plur
To date Buchs is the only manufacturing base for chocolate and chewing gum .	Plur
In 1861 , Moseley decided to move the company to Boston , Massachusetts .	Plur
The Shakes based their sound on Motown and Memphis and have been described as " one of the great unsigned Asbury Park bands of the mid-1970s " .	Plur
Gestures are a form of non-verbal communication that include movements of the hands , arms , and / or other parts of the body .	Plur
Gestures not only complement language development but also enhance the child ’ s ability to communicate .	Plur
Gestures allow the child to convey a message or thought that they would not be able to easily express using their limited vocabulary .	Plur
Gestures are distinct from manual signs in that they do not belong to a complete language system .	Plur
Gestures become more complex as children get older .	Plur
Upgrades include the cleanup of old waste , improved water tanks , and solar power .	Plur
Lassie would become the companion , not of boys , but of rugged , outdoorsy men sometimes working in dangerous places and situations .	Plur
‘ The Dubs ’ faced Tipperary on that occasion , however , Power ended up on the losing side that day .	Plur
The sandbars on the Sangha River are habitats for waders and pratincoles during the dry months .	Plur
376 aircraft ( B-17s ) dispatched , 291 made it over target , 60 failed to return .	Plur
Assembly Constituencies which constitute this Parliamentary Constituency , after delimitation of Parliamentary Constituencies and Legislative Assembly Constituencies of 2008 are :	Plur
Solms founded the International Neuropsychoanalysis Society in 2000 and he was a Founding Editor ( with Ed Nersessian ) of the journal Neuropsychoanalysis .	Plur
Solms took over custodianship of the farm in 2001 .	Plur
Solms thinks that all this is important for the quality of the final product , from the soil to how the farm-workers feel .	Plur
The Fleet Foxes , also known simply as " Fleet Foxes " , is a self-released EP by the Seattle , Washington-based band Fleet Foxes .	Plur
Amateur two years later in 1929 .	Plur
Amateur win , Jones retired from competitive golf at age 28 .	Plur
Course superintendents generally keep the Columbia greens at a very high speed , and rarely do they roll anything less than an 11 on the Stimp meter .	Plur
Only BenRiachs maltings remained in active use , producing malt for Longmorn .	Plur
Scenarios include the naval battles of the Coral Sea , Guadalcanal , and Santa Cruz .	Plur
As in " Neo " , Unicron 's minions attempted to resurrect Unicron by gathering Angolmois energy , this time using the Predacon Shokaract as a vessel .	Plur
Energon cubes are collectible in the 2009 DS video game " " , in both the and versions .	Plur
Energon cubes appear in the 2010 video game " " as items used to power-up players .	Plur
His spirituals and “ work songs ” became very popular in sheet music form in the early 1930s .	Plur
Meanwhile , Trefen Morys and Bellizen , Druids still loyal to the banished Ard Rhys , help spring Bek and Rue from Paranor 's dungeons .	Plur
The Rebounds had five members : Rich Dodson , Len Roemer , Brendan Lyttle , Kim Berly , and Race Holiday .	Plur
The Stampeders also won Juno Awards for Best Group , Best Producer ( Mel Shaw ) , and Best Composer ( Dodson ) that year .	Plur
On November 21 , 2011 , The Stampeders received the Lifetime Achievement Award from SOCAN at the 2011 SOCAN Awards in Toronto .	Plur
Twenty years later there were 19,000 elk in the Northern Range herd , a historic high .	Plur
These amoebae are usually 10-40 μm in size , but some are smaller or larger .	Plur
Molecular phylogenies include them in the class Flabellinea as a sister group to the others , which have subpseudopodia .	Plur
Haberdashers ' Aske 's Hatcham College is a state secondary school with academy status located in New Cross .	Plur
Haberdashers ' Aske 's Hatcham College now has academy status specialising in music .	Plur
Saucers are worth anywhere from 100 to 400 points .	Plur
Brick rowhouses are common in the neighborhood .	Plur
As the player requisitions them , computer-controlled tanks , infantry , engineers , mobile missile platforms , and vans round out available firepower .	Plur
Mattes are a very old technique , going back to the Lumière brothers .	Plur
Specialists dispatched to the field include those recommended from related government ministries and agencies as well as those applying through the specialist registration system .	Plur
The Moghuls could not capture the fort for seven years in spite of laying siege .	Plur
Actress Catherine Zeta-Jones once lived in the Mayals , on St Andrews Close and singer Bonnie Tyler maintains a home in Blackpill .	Plur
These fakes can often be indistinguishable from unmodified devices to the untrained eye .	Plur
" S. lacustris " ) can reach a height of 3 m , while others ( e.g .	Plur
The first 75 convicts arrived in Fremantle on 1 June 1850 .	Plur
Most convicts in Western Australia spent very little time in prison .	Plur
Initially , most convicts were set to work creating infrastructure for the convict system , including the construction of the Convict Establishment itself .	Plur
The squatters themselves denied involvement in Bernd 's kidnapping , claiming a group of sympathizers might be responsible for it .	Plur
Plastics make up the majority of the online business with the railroad .	Plur
Alternative transliterations of Korzhenevskiy 's name include " Korzhenevskii " , " Korzhenevski " , " Korzhenevsky " , and " Korzhenievsky " .	Plur
There are an estimated 10,000 succulents worldwide , about 1,500 of them classified as cacti .	Plur
The term " bronchiolitis " generally refers to inflammation of the bronchioles .	Plur
The Reavers arrive at Killhorn Falls with Lady Deathstrike and attempt to hunt down Logan .	Plur
Neve 's , the Heathfield millwrights fitted a new breast beam and repaired the side girts and corner posts .	Plur
" Scissors in the Sand " is a single by Echo & the Bunnymen which was released on 5 June 2006 on the Cooking Vinyl label .	Plur
The Residences at the Ritz-Carlton Grand Cayman Legends Championship is an event in the Outback Champions Series for senior tennis players .	Plur
In a short period of time , Vitesse began to show negative financial results , due to poor deals on the transfer market .	Plur
The arenas of research can be as diverse as neuroprotection , myocardial protection , blood conservation strategies , and port access surgery .	Plur
The German cattlemen then retaliated , hanging two men they suspected had assisted Cooley .	Plur
There are no deep-burrowing earthworms so soil profile boundaries are sharp .	Plur
Wet heaths contain more different species than dry , such as sphagnum mosses and carnivorous plants ( Drosera , Pinguicula ) .	Plur
Antunes and Mateus ( 2003 ) , considered the Late Jurassic age to be more likely .	Plur
No new novices entered the community however after about 1950 , and the convent was eventually closed in 1977 .	Plur
Among the curiosities of the abbey was a set of Baroque stone dwarves , or garden gnomes , of the 18th century .	Plur
Chairmen of the Assembly of People 's Representatives of Kyrgyzstan was the presiding officer of one of the two chambers of the Supreme Council .	Plur
Shamans can recognize entries to travel into these realms .	Plur
Shamans can also visit this world .	Plur
In 1948 , the Talbots launched a direct mail business by distributing 3,000 fliers to names obtained from " The New Yorker " magazine .	Plur
The Bongos were a power pop band from Hoboken , New Jersey , primarily active in the 1980s , led by Richard Barone .	Plur
Along with a handful of others , the Bongos were instrumental in the advancement of the Alternative Rock movement .	Plur
On March 11 , 2009 , the Bongos performed a full concert set at The City Winery in NYC following a tribute to their longtime friends R.E.M .	Plur
On January 25 , 2010 , the Bongos reunited once again at the City Winery , this time to benefit Emergency Earthquake Relief efforts in Haiti .	Plur
Currently , all twelve elected MLCs represent the entire island as one constituency .	Plur
The railings are 130 cm high and 2 cm thick .	Plur
Every year Shotts holds a Gala Day , situated in the Brandy Park in Torbothie .	Plur
Reis drew it for the first 13 issues before moving to " Justice League " where he replaced Jim Lee .	Plur
Reis drew the first issue of Grant Morrison 's " The Multiversity " in 2014 .	Plur
Main-belt comets ( MBCs ) are bodies orbiting within the asteroid belt that have shown comet-like activity during part of their orbit .	Plur
Some main-belt comets display a cometary dust tail only for a part of their orbit near perihelion .	Plur
The Madigan Salt Creek bottomlands contain one of Illinois 's largest American sycamore trees .	Plur
Twenty-five years later , Baskin-Robbins had become the world 's largest chain of ice cream stores , with 5,500 outlets around the world .	Plur
25 years later Baskin-Robbins had become the world 's largest chain of ice cream stores , with 5,500 outlets around the world .	Plur
Baskin-Robbins is now a part of Dunkin ' Brands .	Plur
The Technos force him into Reality Space , and he develops Reality Sickness .	Plur
In 2005 , Loney led the Southern League Champion Jacksonville Suns in hits and total bases .	Plur
Loney made his major league debut with the Dodgers on April 4 , 2006 , against the Atlanta Braves .	Plur
In 2012 , Loney continued his downward career slide , hitting .254 with only 4 homers and 33 RBI in 114 games with the Dodgers .	Plur
On July 23 , 2013 , Loney collected his 1,000th career hit in a game versus his former team , the Boston Red Sox .	Plur
There are marvels enough to make you feel like you 're discovering science fiction for the first time .	Plur
The melanosomes can now continue on their path towards the cell periphery .	Plur
Mangoes were particularly suitable for this purpose and many of the original trees survive along with other flowering trees .	Plur
Five oil derricks appear in the background .	Plur
Imagineers had designed the ride so that guests felt like they were the main character of the story ; in this case , guests were Snow White .	Plur
Pedal pushers are calf-length trousers that were popular during the 1950s and the early 1960s .	Plur
" Ventspils won 2 – 1 on aggregate . "	Plur
" Varteks won 4 – 3 on aggregate . "	Plur
Long-standing prejudices have not dissipated , however , and she must prove herself time and again--testing her dedication and the faith that compels her . "	Plur
These removals resulted in a net weight loss of .	Plur
The magnets are collectors ' items and are sold second-hand by movie-memorabilia dealers .	Plur
" Elegies to Lessons Learnt " then went at number 17 in the UK Indie Chart .	Plur
The Continentals and the Patriot militia began to run out of ammunition during the battle , and Lincoln was forced to order a general retreat .	Plur
Defeats of Donoughmore and Ballingeary gave Grenagh a second consecutive ' double ' in the divisional junior championship .	Plur
Templates and checklists for several classes of Navy ships and a range of disaster types remain available .	Plur
Their gaits are long , and they occasionally exhibit an ambling " single-foot " gait .	Plur
Their long , level paces , natural grace and balance make them very suitable for dressage .	Plur
The Romantic poet Novalis worked here from 1794 until 1796 .	Plur
As a result , the glacier snouts came close to the modern valley bottoms .	Plur
The Algerian chain Ardis ( owned by Algerian group Arcofina ) is currently operating one hypermarket in the country in Mohammadia , just outside Algiers .	Plur
The RTGs used European-style couplers ( buffers and turnbuckles ) between their cars , because they were built in France by ANF for French railways .	Plur
The RTGs met a lower standard set by the International Union of Railways .	Plur
Before , studs had always been round .	Plur
These studs were available in various lengths that made the boot adjustable to ground conditions as is possible with the classic screw-in soft-ground studs .	Plur
Two DADBSR envelopes are present , one routed to the VCF and the second to the VCA .	Plur
Étienne Hubert d 'Orléans ( Stephanus Hubertus 1567-1614 ) was a French physician , Orientalist and diplomat of the 17th century .	Plur
Cyclic di-GMP II riboswitches are structurally unrelated to cyclic di-GMP-I riboswitches , though both have the same function .	Plur
Group I introns are ribozymes that catalyze the splicing of the RNA molecule in which they are embedded .	Plur
Cyclic di-GMP-II riboswitches are a pseudoknotted structure .	Plur
T-cells are able to distinguish between self and non-self largely through their T-cell receptor , or TCR .	Plur
Locomotive bogies are usually also provided with a , or with a different tension transmission .	Plur
In 1924 , having outgrown the building , the Shriners sold it to the Scottish Rite Masons , who renamed it .	Plur
Several postcards and photos of the SS " Doric " are available .	Plur
There are slate belfry louvres on each side of the tower and clock faces on the north and south sides .	Plur
Although the Ashley Riverdolls won the most home team bouts this season , the Holy City Heartbreakers won the final championship tournament .	Plur
Furthermore , on Sunday , March 1 , 2009 , Brodeur recorded his 100th career regular season shutout during a home game versus the Flyers .	Plur
Brodeur recorded 27 saves in the 3-0 victory .	Plur
In 2010 FL Technics achieved Boeing 737 NG base maintenance certificate .	Plur
In 2014 FL Technics invested $ 4 million in new high-tech MRO hangar in Kaunas .	Plur
Hand-keyed animations also allowed them to change expressions to fit with changes or current ideas , rather than being stuck with motion captures shot months ago .	Plur
The Elizabeths begin to wink out of existence , with the game fading to black on the one throughout the game .	Plur
The cement bleachers on the side of the hill was a fan section called the " Wolves Den " .	Plur
The madrasas have also facilitated the growth of Urdu , with it beginning to replace the Awadhi dialect they traditionally spoke .	Plur
There are four upper labials .	Plur
Blanks played on the Nationwide Tour in 2005 , 2007 , and 2008 .	Plur
In March 2014 , Blanks won his second event on the Web.com Tour with a sudden death playoff victory at the Chitimacha Louisiana Open over Brett Stegmaier .	Plur
Sometimes if government enforcement is particularly poor , the cartels become quasi-paramilitary organizations .	Plur
Portals have evolved from uni-dimensional communication , pushing information from Sponsor to Sites , to a more multi-directional communication center .	Plur
Clinical Trial Portals can facilitate the distribution and tracking of safety reports ( MedWatch , CIOMS , etc . )	Plur
Clinical Trial Portals may include an LMS ( Learning Management System ) to deliver and track on and offline training and certification .	Plur
The Syeds of Sowali were Deshmukhs .	Plur
The Syeds were direct descendants of Hazrat Khwaja Bande Nawaz Gesu Daraz a famous Sufi Saint , and further up the line of the Islamic Prophet Mohammed .	Plur
Morpho achilles , the Achilles morpho , blue-banded morpho or banded blue morpho , is a Neotropical butterfly .	Plur
The single-story annexes on both sides break with the symmetry .	Plur
The Frasers separated temporarily last year , and then permanently , after Christmas and are reportedly getting a divorce .	Plur
Two semaphore signal gantries rose up through the veranda , and several loops ran through the station yard .	Plur
Tenders closed on 22 June , but when no tenders were received , three local firms were approached and asked to provide quotations for the work .	Plur
Tenders closed on 11 February 1965 , with the only bidder being the Central Salvage Company for £ 61.10.0 , which was duly accepted .	Plur
Most accoutrements for field use are purely practical in nature .	Plur
Ceremonial accoutrements may no longer have a practical purpose in modern operations but may be retained to maintain a tradition .	Plur
Garrison accoutrements will vary in their usefulness and include both practical and ceremonial / traditional items .	Plur
Some accoutrements such as lanyards , have both a traditional / ceremonial and a practical purpose .	Plur
Some accoutrements used by re-enactors are reproductions , as the originals may no longer be available or too expensive or valuable to use .	Plur
The accoutrements of the modern soldier may include equipment such as sophisticated electronics e.g .	Plur
In some cases , accoutrements are expendable or " written off " at the time of issue .	Plur
During Cousens ' presidency , Tufts remained a small regional institution .	Plur
Perspectives on Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes contributions to science studies that integrate historical , philosophical , and sociological perspectives .	Plur
Partizani were the first team to be relegated , followed by relegation / promotion playoff losers Elbasani down to the Albanian Second Division .	Plur
In 2006 , Pugsley founded " The Stealth Investor " , a weekly e-letter stock advisory letter .	Plur
Sanctions were temporarily relieved to help the rescue effort .	Plur
Qingbal wares had their translucency with carved and molded designs of flowers , fish , and birds .	Plur
Inspirational panes were for the windows of Colt 's upstairs bedroom .	Plur
Weights strapped to the hemispheres could not pull them apart until the air valve was opened .	Plur
The Carolingians encouraged Marian piety by the celebration of Marian feast days and the dedication of churches in her honor .	Plur
Gothic cathedrals , such as Notre Dame de Paris as well as Our Lady of Chartres near Paris , were major masterworks of the time .	Plur
Today , these intangibles drive cash flow and are the primary sources of risk .	Plur
Finally there remained the rubrics , the directions not about what to say but what to do .	Plur
Its Suffragan sees are :	Plur
Its Suffragan sees are :	Plur
Five Wishes is a national advance directive that meets the legal requirements in 42 States and the District of Columbia .	Plur
Five Wishes is a United States advance directive created by the non-profit organization Aging with Dignity .	Plur
With assistance from the United Health Foundation , Five Wishes is now available in 27 languages and in Braille .	Plur
Wishes 1 and 2 are both legal documents .	Plur
By 1545 , there were an estimated 7,000 maroons beyond Spanish control on Hispaniola .	Plur
Slave insurrections continued through the mid-century .	Plur
In Bhutan , HIV / AIDS is detections come about primarily through contact tracing and routine medical checks .	Plur
Fowlkes and Mallows showed that the value of the index decreases as the component of the noise increases .	Plur
Triangles is a fiction novel written by Ellen Hopkins .	Plur
" Triangles " will have a young adult sequel titled " Tilt " .	Plur
Polymers with high ceiling temperatures are often commercially useful .	Plur
Polymers with low ceiling temperatures are more readily depolymerizable .	Plur
Polymers derived from simple vinyl monomers have such high ceiling temperatures that only a amount of monomers remain in the polymer at ordinary temperatures .	Plur
Görges played alongside Petra Martić whereas Kalashnikova played with Marta Sirotkina .	Plur
Görges and Martić won in the final , beating Sania Mirza and Vladimíra Uhlířová 6-4 , 7-6 ( 7 ) .	Plur
Completed fiefs would revert to joint ownership .	Plur
The Muleshoe Mules compete in the following sports	Plur
There are no specific contraindications for sofosbuvir when used alone .	Plur
Both auditoriums are also privileged to have their own box offices and check rooms .	Plur
The earliest known clockmakers in the town arrived from London in 1667 .	Plur
His favorite dives are still those that others have not yet dived .	Plur
Umpires serve for an entire match , unless a change is authorized by the tournament committee .	Plur
Modes can also work as well-understood conventions , such as painting tools .	Plur
To the north and the floodplains of First and Second Creeks , there were Blue Gums and River Red Gums .	Plur
Hence , the repeaters were necessary to reach as much of the most-populated areas as possible .	Plur
Leganés played the vast majority of its existence in the lower leagues .	Plur
When Balthazar captures Angel , Buffy tosses live wires into his tub of water , electrocuting him .	Plur
As a governor , Canales delivered mixed results .	Plur
Isle Abbotts lies between the River Isle and the Fivehead River .	Plur
Thorney suffered serious flooding during the Winter flooding of 2013 – 14 on the Somerset Levels .	Plur
Protease degrades peptide bonds of the viral polyproteins , making the separate proteins functional .	Plur
Earthworks show the site of a village , with a village pond , and ridge and furrow agriculture from the Middle Ages south of Wyke Champflower .	Plur
Creators who contributed to the title include writers Tom DeFalco , Todd DeZago , and Evan Skolnick and pencillers Paris Karounos and Tom Morgan .	Plur
There are eleven procurators fiscal in Scotland , each covering a geographical area or jurisdiction with a central office .	Plur
Among the curiosities found there were wooden boxes buried beneath the floors of many of the houses .	Plur
However , Nicaraguans must apply for a visa to travel to Hong Kong .	Plur
The briefings continue to be held on Capitol Hill .	Plur
The ogres , when faced with torture , offer some information into the kidnapping , and Chodo orders Donni Pell to be found and delivered to Garrett .	Plur
After the British failed to impose a settlement , the imperial arbiters turned out to be the Bolsheviks , whose 11th Army conquered Karabakh in May 1920 .	Plur
The workdays were long , usually 12 to 16 hours , and every Friday there was a dress parade after work .	Plur
Vocalists Micro and Kuro are originally from the United States .	Plur
Offers reportedly fell short of the asking price .	Plur
The police prerogatives of this position remained temporary and territorial , influenced by prefects , general administrators and later civil governors .	Plur
The gill slits are long and extend onto the top of head .	Plur
Though opposites in demeanor , Mier and Torres shared a fanatical anti-monarchism and had a close friendship .	Plur
Not for Threes is the second studio album by English electronic music duo Plaid , released on 27 October 1997 by Warp .	Plur
As a result , the Czechoslovaks qualified and during the World Cup in Italy proved their skills , becoming the runner-up .	Plur
On the Roosevelt Avenue interlocking machine in the station tower , there are spare levers for the necessary signals and switches .	Plur
At this time all consumer / prosumer HD camcorders only record at a maximum resolution of 1440x1080 .	Plur
The argument climaxes in Arles saying that the wedding is off , and storming out .	Plur
Tarbes – Lourdes – Pyrénées Airport ( ) is an airport 9 km south-southwest of Tarbes in the Hautes-Pyrénées " département " of France .	Plur
Braunfels maintains partnerships with the following towns :	Plur
The larger " B. latifrons " appears to have died out by about 20,000 years ago .	Plur
The whey left over when making skyr was made to go sour and used for storing meat .	Plur
The first written cookbooks to be published in Icelandic were collections of Danish recipes published in the 18th century .	Plur
In January 1920 , under the auspices of the Freethinkers ' Society , Thomas Wright lectured in New York on Nietzsche and Thomas Paine in Manhattan .	Plur
As of November 1935 , Freethinkers of America had 30,000 members at $ 1 a year for membership , with Lewis still president .	Plur
In 1958 , the Freethinkers of America filed a suit over a hospital ban prohibiting birth-control therapy in New York city hospitals .	Plur
Palomares continued to play soccer with FC Kaiserslautern as a professional in the Bundesliga first league .	Plur
The replications ( in parentheses ) indicates the number of populations used in the experiments — i.e .	Plur
The marquess obtained Royal Licence to take the name and arms of Scott in addition to that of Cavendish-Bentinck .	Plur
The marquess inherited his father 's dukedom in 1809 , and Henrietta became Duchess of Portland .	Plur
The duchess predeceased her husband , who died at Welbeck Abbey in March 1854 , aged 85 .	Plur
Above all , however , the valets symbolized the worldwide relations of their employer .	Plur
The duchess died at Blenheim Palace , aged 46 .	Plur
Tatra chamois live in the Tatra Mountains in Slovakia and Poland .	Plur
The Low Tatra chamois are no longer considered pure and therefore cannot act as a reserve population for the Tatra chamois .	Plur
In 1128 , Boos had its first documentary mention when one of Disibodenberg Abbey ’ s landholds was confirmed .	Plur
The latter devotes a room to " Niobe " which includes her original ship 's bell .	Plur
Beasley teamed up the station with FM station 95.5 WSGF , which it also owned .	Plur
Its member communions include Mainline Protestant , Eastern Orthodox , Oriental Orthodox , African-American , Evangelical and historic Peace churches .	Plur
Every year these communions and organizations meet over four days to discuss critical social issues , pray and strengthen their relationships .	Plur
He corrals many of them to one side of the island , then sets off another explosive charge , blocking their escape route .	Plur
The ubosot embodies design elements from classic Thai architecture such as the three-tiered roof and abundant use of Naga serpents .	Plur
The three mortal statesmen arrive – Mr. G. , Mr. L. and Mr. A – declaring , " Oh , we are three most popular men !	Plur
The schoolchildren still had to attend the very poorly housed school at the parish hall , where the Catholic schoolteacher from Genheim held classes .	Plur
The Evangelical schoolchildren may well have gone to school in Stromberg .	Plur
The Evangelical schoolchildren living in Roth seemingly also henceforth attended the new school in Roth .	Plur
Sebastiano Ximenes ( c. late 16th century ) was an Italian banker of Portuguese origin in Florence , and noted patron of the Arts .	Plur
Slots can have multiple values .	Plur
Though this careful forward-and-back approach minimizes contact with the web , they often preen after eating to remove any strands that do adhere to them .	Plur
Pundits have described him as moving the party to the right .	Plur
Early x-rays showed no break to his ankle , however it was clear Crutchlow was in considerable pain .	Plur
Three plenipotentiaries took this conditional abdication to the Coalition sovereigns :	Plur
The Coalition sovereigns were in no mood to compromise and rejected Napoleon 's offer .	Plur
Many lesbians joined the WAC to meet other women and to do " men 's work . "	Plur
French impositions against the trade of rice via nearby waterways caused a further backlash from the locals of Gò Công .	Plur
The same cardiomyocytes also increase their firing rate with agonist exposure under a current-clamp tetanus protocol suggesting that they may play a role in cardiac arrhythmogenesis .	Plur
The Recorders are a fictional robotic race appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .	Plur
Recorders also have a certain amount of legal authority among the Rigellians .	Plur
Two showrooms at the house are open to the public .	Plur
Many talented winemakers had died , vineyards had been neglected or replanted in poor quality grapes , and Prohibition had changed Americans ' taste in wines .	Plur
MP3s and streams of reports dating back one or two years are also available .	Plur
Transcripts of reports dating from June 1999 , too , are available online .	Plur
However , underneath his mumbling exterior lurks a kind , considerate individual .	Plur
The soaps longest running actor , Michael Galvin ( Chris Warner ) , named Luke as his favourite character .	Plur
Pundits remarked that the voter turnout was unusually light with less than 10,000 votes cast .	Plur
Evidences of ancient occupation of the site go back to 3500 BCE .	Plur
Since it competes with more commercially valuable fish , most fishers view it as a pest .	Plur
Traditionally there are 21 bangles , although more recently the bride often wears 7 , 9 or 11 bangles .	Plur
Between nine and 13 plaits is traditional , although the number may vary depending on the horse 's conformation .	Plur
Shur released another solo album , " Milk & Honey – 10 Hits To Bliss " in 2001 , this time under his real name .	Plur
Shur has since established his own artist development and production company .	Plur
Respondents may not feel that their desired response is available .	Plur
There are odd exclaves of F1b in Gaininsk Bashkirs of Perm Oblast and Croats of Hvar Island .	Plur
Additionally , auditionees have to submit a video of them performing a song and only selected applicants would be invited to the closed-door auditions .	Plur
Atrocities by Turkish troops and irregulars against the Greek and Armenian population occurred immediately after the takeover .	Plur
Iron-bearing dusts erode from soil and are transported by wind .	Plur
" Sunglasses at Night " is a song by Canadian singer Corey Hart .	Plur
Several L2 haplotypes observed in Guineans and other West Africa populations shared genetic matches with East Africa and North Africa .	Plur
The Trotskyists who remained in the VsP formed a caucus called the International Socialist Left ( ISL ) .	Plur
Residences very roughly reflected the status of the proposed occupant .	Plur
Feathers float through the realm , as do ghostly serpents , couatls , and wind walkers .	Plur
There were big wraps on Gardiner as an emerging ruckman / forward .	Plur
cites legends like Kool G. Rap , Rakim , Big Daddy Kane and Slick Rick as his main influences .	Plur
The bathrooms and kitchen are relatively new fit-outs while the floor finishes are generally carpet to the rooms and tile to the wet areas .	Plur
Lithgow Buslines operate six routes to and from Lithgow station :	Plur
However , his occasional diversions have included color photographs of the Gotō Islands and even of nudes .	Plur
There are individual shopfronts , rows of shops and residential streets .	Plur
Vernal swales are similar , but tend to convey surface runoff during wet seasons in somewhat defined vegetated channels that often connect vernal pools .	Plur
Opposing batters went 6 for 42 ( .143 ) against him with men on base and two outs .	Plur
Theliderma stapes , the stirrup shell or stirrupshell , is a species of bivalve in the family Unionidae .	Plur
In comparison , traditional spreadsheets like Microsoft Excel use the table as the primary container , with other media placed within the table .	Plur
Russatus nigrescens is a species of small air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae .	Plur
The gonads are the precursors of the testes in males and ovaries in females .	Plur
Despite the other neurological symptoms , tendon reflexes are still intact at this stage of the disease .	Plur
Sinployea rudis was a species of small air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae .	Plur
Transcripts of unknown function ( TUFs ) is the name that has been suggested for known RNA transcripts of DNA whose function is unclear .	Plur
Spring thaws and periodic major rainfall events tend to remove vegetation from significant portions of the primary " Novisuccinea chittenangoensis " habitat .	Plur
Syrnolopsis lacustris is a species of medium-sized freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae .	Plur
" Syrnolopsis lacustris " is the type species of the genus " Syrnolopsis " .	Plur
The vas deferens opens slightly asymmetrically .	Plur
The vas deferens of specific length opens into the posterior end of the epiphallus .	Plur
There are many small subpopulations , and the total population in Tasmania is probably a few hundred thousand snails .	Plur
Interventions should be of the greatest value to gay men within the resources available .	Plur
In some cases , open grape arbors grow over the talus .	Plur
From 2012 to 2014 , Marques competed in the Swiss Super League .	Plur
On 16 June 2017 , after one year of inactivity , 30-year-old Marques joined CSM Politehnica Iași from the Romanian Liga I .	Plur
The largest snappers are 8 times larger than those outside and 14 times more numerous .	Plur
Occurrences within the Gulf of California have been fewer .	Plur
The Nabataeans were one among several nomadic tribes which roamed the Arabian Desert , moving with their herds to wherever they could find pasture and water .	Plur
Unlike the rest of the Arabian tribes , the Nabataeans later emerged as vital players in the region during their times of prosperity .	Plur
The Nabataeans had already some trace of Aramaic culture when they first appear in history .	Plur
The Nabataeans used to represent their gods as featureless pillars or blocks .	Plur
The Nabataeans were allies of the first Hasmoneans in their struggles against the Seleucid monarchs .	Plur
According to historian Paul Johnson , many Nabataeans were forcefully converted to Judaism by Hasmonean king Alexander Jannaeus .	Plur
The Nabataeans under Elthemus refused to give battle , so Herod forced the issue when he attacked their camp .	Plur
Lutes commonly have elaborate rosettes .	Plur
As well , frets do not dampen string vibrations as much as fingers alone on an unfretted fingerboard .	Plur
Stainless steel guitar frets may never need dressing , because of the density of the material .	Plur
A few modern luthiers have used lightweight , non-wood materials such as carbon-fiber in their fingerboards .	Plur
However some recent five and six string electric basses have flat fingerboards .	Plur
Dives can last five minutes but typically last one minute .	Plur
The parasitic flatworms of " Schistosoma " cause a group of chronic infections called schistosomiasis known also as bilharziasis .	Plur
Under each PSO there are various directorates headed by directors of air commodore rank .	Plur
All four feeds are available in both standard and high definition formats .	Plur
The Directives cover all twenty-eight member states of the European Union plus Norway , Iceland and Liechtenstein .	Plur
Professions regulated in most or all EU states include :	Plur
The Directives referred to above have been consolidated under Directive 2005 / 36 / EC .	Plur
Adult menhaden can filter up to four gallons of water a minute and play an important role in clarifying ocean water .	Plur
Sponges have no true circulatory system ; instead , they create a water current which is used for circulation .	Plur
Sponges pump remarkable amounts of water .	Plur
Black-capped chickadees , living in temperate forests of North America , do not migrate south during winter .	Plur
MetroCorp Bancshares and subsidiary MetroBank previously had their headquarters in Chinatown and in Greater Sharpstown .	Plur
At its height the maltings processed 50,000 tonnes of barley per year , with exports handled through the nearby port of Immingham .	Plur
The maltings closed in 1998 and the tall structure was left derelict for many years .	Plur
At the Convocation , the academicians elect new academicians and honorary academicians , and elect members to the Council of Academia Sinica .	Plur
The academicians also have responsibilities to carry out research at the government 's request , although the government has never requested any task .	Plur
Slippers are light footwear that are easy to put on and off and are intended to be worn indoors , particularly at home .	Plur
Fireworks are common in Alviso , especially on Independence Day ( July 4 ) .	Plur
Lindorf coaxes Hoffmann into telling the audience about his three great loves .	Plur
For the 1994 – 95 season , the Seattle SuperSonics played in the Tacoma Dome while the Seattle Center Coliseum was renovated ( and renamed KeyArena ) .	Plur
The name " Anacortes " is an adaptation of the name of Anne Curtis Bowman , who was the wife of early Fidalgo Island settler Amos Bowman .	Plur
Floodwaters in the channel , eroded a hundred feet of property during November 2017 .	Plur
During an eruption 13,000 years ago , several eruption-generated lahars deposited more than of sediment on modern-day Arlington .	Plur
In 1981 , the Darrington Loggers won the State B Championship for baseball .	Plur
The Loggers are also very successful in other sports as well .	Plur
The Skykomish had a permanent village near Gold Bar that was named .	Plur
The Skykomish had a village along the north bank of the river named , located at the present site of Index .	Plur
The councilmembers elect a ceremonial mayor and mayor pro tem from its members and appoint a city manager to execute its legislative policies .	Plur
The Snohomish had a year-round village in the area for at least 600 years before the arrival of European and American explorers in the 19th century .	Plur
The Skykomish had a permanent village at the confluence named , along with a nearby fishery named .	Plur
Contenders for the honor were Cheney and Spokane Falls ( now Spokane ) .	Plur
Pathways to Progress is no longer an active organization .	Plur
Extreme shortness in humans with proportional body parts usually has a hormonal cause , such as growth-hormone deficiency , once called " pituitary dwarfism " .	Plur
Severe shortness with skeletal distortion also occurs in several of the Mucopolysaccharidoses and other storage disorders .	Plur
There are Three Mosques in Phaphril , Mosques are listed below ,	Plur
In 2012 , Uretsky and the other cofounders graduated from the Techstars incubator program in Boulder , Colorado .	Plur
The 1 / 2nd Londons captured Aubigny-au-Bac , but the Germans counter-attacked the following morning , and the companies were withdrawn at dusk .	Plur
Meanwhile , the HQs of 1st and 2nd London Corps Engineers had re-amalgamated in 1943 and become 18th ( 1st London ) GHQTRE .	Plur
There are several Indian SMEs that cater to the Defense industry by supplying sub-assemblies and components and providing services like system integration .	Plur
The Northern and Southern Cups are the two major regional quidditch tournaments of the United Kingdom .	Plur
As part of the injunction , the Ironmen cannot play any games for as long as the 2018 CIF season lasts .	Plur
The Ironmen went undefeated at 3 – 0 through the MPIF season with several teams folding during the season .	Plur
On January 18 , 2019 , the Ironmen posted on social media that it had joined the American Arena League ( AAL ) for the 2019 season .	Plur
Meanwhile , throngs of people had gathered in the port from around the country in the hope of boarding any ship and sail to Italy .	Plur
The Wellness and Events Center ( WEC ) is a 3,500 seat basketball arena in Newark , New Jersey .	Plur
Ayas went to work to Germany in 1973 and returned to Turkey in the year of the military coup ( 1980 ) .	Plur
Ayas was the party 's third and last President , which got shut down in 1994 .	Plur
Hermeneutics would bridge the gap between the lived experience of the early church and our own lived experience .	Plur
Defeats to St Mirren and Morton allowed Celtic to usurp the " Maroons " and eventually claim the league title by four points .	Plur
Paddle steamers could virtually double their speed , reaching .	Plur
Whereas lineside signals operated by a signaller would control train movements , ETCS will signal trains via a computer without lineside apparatus .	Plur
On 18 July , Molins said the attack could be described as " terrorism " as defined by French law .	Plur
Some non-Muslims said that their view on Muslims had changed .	Plur
The second track , " Apologies " is a cover of a Pointed Sticks song .	Plur
The five-piece encompass that heavy-yet-emotive ethos on their debut full-length , serving up a sound charged with earnest euphoria and vitriolic nuance . "	Plur
Many top greyhounds have appeared here including Yellow Printer who began his career at Lifford as a puppy .	Plur
Cuttings have to be taken during a narrow window and seed set is poor .	Plur
A dais ( seating the shire chairman and clerk ) overlooks a solid U-shaped table furnished with drawers and accommodating 12 chairs including six swivel oak chairs .	Plur
Corazones is the 28th studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López as a solo artist , released on 29 July 2016 .	Plur
However , on July 18 , the AIF ceased operations forcing the Grizzlies to find a new league .	Plur
Vilas had been in ill health for several years .	Plur
Porches extend across most of the main block and this addition , with chamfered square posts , jigsawn brackets , and decorative balustrades .	Plur
Collisions between objects in the vulcanoid zone would be frequent and highly energetic , tending to lead to the destruction of the objects .	Plur
Mercury trojans , asteroids trapped in Mercury 's Lagrange points , are also possible .	Plur
Runestones are often memorials to dead men .	Plur
Runestones were usually brightly coloured when erected , though this is no longer evident as the colour has worn off .	Plur
Runestones usually appear as single monuments and more rarely as pairs .	Plur
In Sweden , lichen grows at approximately per year .	Plur
Batter puddings became popular in the early 18th century .	Plur
At this time , Northerners tended to use drippings to make their puddings crispier , whereas Southerners made softer Yorkshire puddings .	Plur
Interior Seaway denizens included predatory marine reptiles such as plesiosaurs , and mosasaurs that grew up to long .	Plur
Well-known invertebrate scavengers of animal material include burying beetles and blowflies , which are obligate scavengers , and yellowjackets .	Plur
Vultures in particular have faced incredible persecution and threats by humans .	Plur
Prowse became the first true leader of the party in the post coalition era .	Plur
Since then his employments have included :	Plur
Many historical " gurdwaras " associated with the lives of the Sikh Gurus have a sarovar ( eco-friendly pool ) attached for bathing .	Plur
" Gurdwaras " have no idols , statues , or religious pictures .	Plur
Some " gurdwaras " also provide temporary accommodations ( " serais " ) for visitors or devotees .	Plur
Apart from morning and evening services , the " gurdwaras " hold special congregations to mark important anniversaries on the Sikh calendar .	Plur
The Molossidae comprise the fourth-largest family of bats , containing about 110 species as of 2012 .	Plur
The humors represented fire , air , earth and water through the properties of hot , cold , dry and moist , respectively .	Plur
The most well-known preservers of texts , not only medical , would be the monasteries .	Plur
Medical catastrophes were more common in the late Middle Ages and the Renaissance than they are today .	Plur
For the Little League World Series , amateur umpires from around the world participate on a volunteer basis .	Plur
Umpires in high school games use a two-person crew .	Plur
Stalin 's purges of the 1930s devastated the Komi intelligentsia , who were accused of " bourgeois nationalism " .	Plur
Pamiers was one of the last strongholds of the Cathars .	Plur
Frosted Flakes or Frosties is a breakfast cereal , produced by the Kellogg Company and consisting of sugar-coated corn flakes .	Plur
Frosted Flakes was the second best selling cereal in the first half of 2017 within the US in gross sales , after Honey Nut Cheerios .	Plur
Azimuth thrusters remove the need of traditional propellers and rudders by having the propellers in steerable gondolas that can rotate 360 degrees around a vertical axis .	Plur
These thrusters improve propulsion efficiency , icebreaking capability and maneuverability of the vessel .	Plur
Azimuth thrusters have also made it possible to develop new experimental icebreakers that operate sideways to open a wide channel though ice .	Plur
Female allegories of individual cantons predate the single " Helvetia " figure .	Plur
The ringleaders of the incident , as in the previous March and October incidents , received relatively light punishments .	Plur
Under Terauchi 's auspices , , most notably Ishiwara and Akira Mutō , began a purge of the military .	Plur
After the end of the First World War , several navies continued and expanded naval construction programs that they had started during the conflict .	Plur
The outer two compartments , the innermost compartment and the bulge would remain empty , while the third and fourth compartments would be filled with liquid .	Plur
Poodles and Labrador retrievers can have hip dysplasia , and should have specialist radiography to check for this problem before breeding .	Plur
Fronds are dimorphic ; in fertile fronds , the two lowermost pinnae are highly modified to bear the sporangia .	Plur
In the late 1990s , Rawls helped to develop Marshall 's burgeoning career .	Plur
In 2001 her collection " Animals Indoors " won the NZSA Jessie Mackay Best First Book for Poetry at the Montana New Zealand Book Awards .	Plur
Boles is the William P. Hobby Professor of American History at Rice University .	Plur
With Valencia thrown out of the game , the Tamaraws lost someone vitally needed at the game 's closing .	Plur
The pharmacokinetics of bicalutamide are unaffected by food , age , body weight , renal impairment , and mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment .	Plur
Cangen is a cancer therapeutics and diagnostics firm in Baltimore .	Plur
Lateral slits let light into the peep boxes and show the scenes in changing perspectives .	Plur
The Four Perils ( ) are four malevolent beings that existed in Chinese mythology , and the antagonistic counterparts of the Four Benevolent Animals .	Plur
Differing standpoints exist as to the scope of applicability of the mechanism to promote climate action and support sustainable development contained in Article 6.4 .	Plur
In 1965 , the original Piccirilli work above the entrance was replaced by " Italia " , Giacomo Manzù 's bronze relief depicting fruits .	Plur
Several galls may form around the stem .	Plur
In the 2007 – 08 Canadian Women 's Hockey League ( CWHL ) season , Oles was the youngest player of the Montreal Stars at 17 .	Plur
Oles joined the Switzerland women 's ice hockey league for 2017 – 18 , playing for .	Plur
Abuses and mistakes in her husband 's government forced her husband to resign on 20 August 1919 .	Plur
During this time , wolf depredations on humans and livestock had dropped by a factor of ten .	Plur
One specimen nicknamed " Three Toes of Harding County " in South Dakota eluded its pursuers for 13 years before finally being caught .	Plur
In Scandinavian folklore , wolf-skin girdles assisted in transforming the wearers into werewolves , while several Native American tribes used wolf pelts for medicinal purposes .	Plur
Diseases recorded to be carried by wolves include rabies , brucella , deerfly fever , listeriosis , foot and mouth disease and anthrax .	Plur
The next year , Hachem won his first World Poker Tour title at the Bellagio Casino 's Five Diamonds Poker Classic , earning him $ 2.2 million .	Plur
Hachem said he was too temperamental when he first started playing poker and had to learn to control his temper .	Plur
Hachem spent another five years playing regularly on the Melbourne tournament circuit before setting his sights on the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas , Nevada .	Plur
Hachem entered the World Series of Poker as a relatively unknown poker player .	Plur
Two weeks prior to the main event , Hachem finished 10th in the $ 1,000 buy-in No Limit Hold 'em World Series event , winning $ 25,850 .	Plur
Hachem won the 2005 World Series of Poker $ 10,000 no limit Texas hold ' em Main Event , outlasting 5,618 other players .	Plur
In a later interview , Hachem said he knew the hand was a turning point for him .	Plur
After winning the tournament , Hachem wrapped himself in an Australian flag and shouted , " Thank you , America ! "	Plur
Hachem continued playing home games with his friends after his main event victory .	Plur
At the 2006 World Series of Poker , Hachem finished second in the , which drew 1,068 players .	Plur
During the final hand , Hachem went all in with and was called by Dutch Boyd , who had .	Plur
Also in the 2006 World Series , Hachem finished fourth in the , which had a starting field of 562 players .	Plur
Hachem earned $ 90,482 for the fourth-place finish , and Gale eventually won the tournament .	Plur
Hachem finished in 238th place at the , earning him $ 42,882 .	Plur
In December 2006 , Hachem won $ 2,207,575 and his first World Poker Tour title at the Bellagio Casino 's Five Diamonds Poker Classic .	Plur
In 2006 , Hachem appeared in Poker Superstars III , but failed to advance to the Super 16 round by only one point .	Plur
Hachem finished in 103rd place in the 2009 World Series of Poker Main Event , which drew a field of 6,494 players earning himself $ 40,288 .	Plur
Hachem said he believes his discipline and control helps him make good decisions at the right time .	Plur
Hachem has also advised amateur players against bluffing too often or without any outs .	Plur
Hachem said he tries to maintain the same poker face for each hand .	Plur
The latter examines the surrounding mechanisms of power in the fictional government as well as the protagonist 's rise to leadership .	Plur
The Redeemers were a team of fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .	Plur
While Citizen V and Fixer escaped the assault , the Redeemers were no more .	Plur
The America Redeemers , or Redeemers , as the team is more commonly known , is a fictional organization in the Marvel Universe .	Plur
The Redeemers existed in the Earth-712 universe , the same place from which the Squadron Supreme originated .	Plur
In February 2009 , Gans changed venues again and performed at Encore , the sister property to Wynn Las Vegas .	Plur
Mephistopheles appears and offers to return Blaze his soul , offering to take back the curse of the Ghost Rider .	Plur
Occurrences are typically below 500 m in elevation .	Plur
Silbermann 's viewpoints are very conservative in nature .	Plur
In comparison , many blended whiskies contain between 20-40 single malts .	Plur
At the end of 17th century there were 18 shoemakers , 8 tailors , 3 millers , 3 tradesmen and 9 other craftsmen .	Plur
The 10 : 00 pm LMS down passenger and mail express from Leeds to Bristol consisted of Midland Railway Class 3 4-4-0 No .	Plur
The Pandyas rule created temples such as the Meenakshi Amman Temple at Madurai and Nellaiappar Temple at Tirunelveli .	Plur
The Nayaks of Madurai reconstructed some of the well-known temples in Tamil Nadu such as the Meenakshi Temple .	Plur
Numerous mandirs in North America and Europe have gained particular prominence and acclaim , many of which were built by the Bochasanwasi Akshar Purushottam Swaminarayan Sanstha .	Plur
OVV quasars have essentially become unified with highly polarized quasars ( HPQ ) ,	Plur
As with plain editors , IDEs with support for Python can be beneficial .	Plur
Other dibenzazepine TCAs include imipramine , desipramine , and clomipramine .	Plur
Other tertiary amine TCAs include amitriptyline , imipramine , clomipramine , dosulepin ( dothiepin ) , and doxepin .	Plur
The wild boars are numerous and dangerous , but the dogs are fed by the general populace , and are usually friendly .	Plur
Among the invoices submitted by C & D Distributors were :	Plur
Shepley joined the army in November 1861 as a colonel of the 12th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment .	Plur
Frederick Lincoln Siddons arrived in the United States with his parents and sister on June 18 , 1875 , after his father decided to leave England .	Plur
Siddons decided to go to Chicago , eventually finding a job as a bank messenger .	Plur
Siddons married Harriet Charles van Auken in Alexandria , VA on April 28 , 1892 .	Plur
Siddons died on June 19 , 1931 , in Washington , D.C. and was buried two days later in Glenwood Cemetery in the same city .	Plur
Five small solid-fuel thrusters mounted on the baseplate provided a secondary means of controlling the spin rate .	Plur
Strengths in the collections include the following areas :	Plur
Varese promoted to Serie B .	Plur
Stearns worked on the George McGovern presidential campaign , 1972 , and later became a special assistant to McGovern from 1972 to 1973 .	Plur
Treff ' ma uns in der Mitt 'n ( ) is a pop / rock album by the Austrian band Schürzenjäger .	Plur
Lambros signed with the Argonauts on May 27 , 2009 , and joined the 2009 Toronto Argonauts season training camp and participated in the pre-season games .	Plur
In 1823 , Taney moved his legal practice to Baltimore , where he gained widespread notoriety as an effective litigator .	Plur
Though Jackson 's opponents in the Whig Party once again attempted to defeat Taney 's nomination , Taney won confirmation in March 1836 .	Plur
Taney joined Story 's unanimous majority opinion but left no written record of his own in regard to the Amistad case .	Plur
The airfoils were thick , the lower thicker and the upper wings carried leading edge automatic slots for low speed control .	Plur
Alain Aspect 's polarizers are much better able to detect both scenarios and therefore much closer to the ideal experiment .	Plur
The polarizers used until Aspect 's experiment could detect situation ( + ) , but not situation ( - ) .	Plur
Additionally , the two distant polarizers were entirely independent .	Plur
Pascal Menezes arrived to render service in this Parish as an AssisstantFr .	Plur
Sixty-four matches in the third round were played from 7 August 2018 to 6 September 2018 .	Plur
By November the 1st and 2nd Torpedo Boat Flotillas had transferred to Stavanger , Norway .	Plur
Geographers distinguish several " Kabylie s " : Great Kabylie , Small Kabylie and Kabylie of Collo or numidique .	Plur
Morals for Men is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Bernard H. Hyman and starring Conway Tearle , Agnes Ayres and Alyce Mills .	Plur
The Yorkists were still , supposedly , paying their dues to their opponents from 1455 .	Plur
When the vehicles of the 118th Battalion , raised by the alarm , arrived , the lumberjacks started running away .	Plur
By November the 1st and 2nd Torpedo Boat Flotillas had transferred to Stavanger , Norway .	Plur
By November the 1st and 2nd Torpedo Boat Flotillas had transferred to Stavanger , Norway .	Plur
Mobbs had inherited 33 acres of land at Carlingford from his father , also called William Mobbs .	Plur
In 2014 , ASE participated in the Arab Club Competition .	Plur
All the swaras in the thaat are shuddha or all swaras in the natural scale .	Plur
Such hairpins have less specific properties in Actinobacteria , such as " Streptomyces " .	Plur
At the turn of the 80s and 90s in the larger cities , Polish homosexuals would cruise around looking for new social contacts .	Plur
Starships are also available , which are a permanent benefit .	Plur
Uncas dons the bear disguise , Hawk-eye wears Gamut 's clothes , and Gamut stays in a corner mimicking Uncas .	Plur
Former Premiers of Ontario Bill Davis and John Robarts of the Progressive Conservatives have both sat on Power Corp. ' s national advisory board .	Plur
Like most citrus , sweet limes will not ripen off the tree , and must be picked when fully ripe .	Plur
Sweet limes keep fresh for up to two weeks at room temperature , and four to eight weeks refrigerated .	Plur
In 1823 , Broadstairs had a population of about 300 .	Plur
Broadstairs has a very mild maritime climate .	Plur
Broadstairs has only one paid-for newspaper , the " Isle of Thanet Gazette " .	Plur
The ward strays outside the town boundaries a little and the total 2011 census figure is 11,509 .	Plur
Basal synapsids are present as well ; at least one " Lystrosaurus " and one " Edaphosaurus " can be found in the city of Pooktook .	Plur
In 2011 , the Mercers co-sponsored a new academy school , Hammersmith Academy , specialising in creative and digital media and information technology , located in Hammersmith .	Plur
Unlike most of the City livery companies the Mercers had no early grant of arms but the 1425 charter granted a common seal .	Plur
Rawls does not discuss the full implications of his theory of justice .	Plur
Economist Simon Kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development .	Plur
PLS or Pls may refer to :	Plur
Rodrigues is the only Mascarene island with extensive limestone deposits and caves .	Plur
The bitumen , diluted with a solvent , is transferred there in a corridor pipeline .	Plur
emits " about 5 percent to 15 percent more carbon dioxide , over the	Plur
Despite these changes , the drapers retain the Blessed Virgin Mary as their patron saint .	Plur
Originally , skis used in grass skiing were like rolling treads attached to the ski boots .	Plur
Cuttings with complete variegation may be difficult if not impossible to propagate .	Plur
Indigenous Albertans make up approximately three percent of the population .	Plur
Nightjars formerly bred in the park ; the last recorded being in 1957 , the year of the Scout Jamboree .	Plur
Their paws are larger than those of nearly all other breeds of dogs .	Plur
Light-curtain laser profilers record the shape of the vehicle , which can help distinguish trucks and trailers .	Plur
Film novelizations were particularly popular before the advent of home video , but continue to find commercial success as part of marketing campaigns for major films .	Plur
In late June through mid-July 2018 , successive heavy downpours in southwestern Japan resulted in widespread , devastating floods and mudflows .	Plur
Large swathes of these areas saw 10-day rainfall accumulations in excess of .	Plur
The MTS declined to move the station , but cooperated with the court to add shared CCTV and security features .	Plur
Petitioners claim that some Arab Bank officials transferred funds to terrorist groups in the Middle East .	Plur
Petitioners allege that Arab Bank helped transfer funds partially through its New York City offices .	Plur
Petitioners have to prove that the actions by defendant violates " a norm that is specific , universal and obligatory . "	Plur
Tenders closed on 31 September 1880 and the tender of J. Conlon was accepted on 20 October 1880 for A ₤ 3,590 , eight shillings and sixpence .	Plur
In the French-speaking canton of Vaud in Switzerland , several menhirs form linear patterns in Yverdon-les-Bains .	Plur
Numerous menhirs dot the lands across Armenia , where they are called " vishapakar " ( ) .	Plur
There are 114 menhirs in the Provincial Park Los Menhires in Argentina .	Plur
These calderas collapsed on themselves , leaving behind remnants such as the Cat Mountain Rhyolite , to the west of Tucson .	Plur
Birn 's co-defendants testified he was " too smart " to destroy € 100 million worth of artwork .	Plur
In 1941 various mine-laying and mine-seeping flotillas and groups were under the command .	Plur
Stalin 's purges against enemies of the regime were at their height .	Plur
The material dissolves in concentrated hydrochloric acid , forming ( HO ) [ WCl ] ( HO ) .	Plur
The mother of the girl buys genjer while carrying a woven bamboo basket	Plur
Showers from North – East monsoon are occasional during winter .	Plur
The earrings come with or without black and red glass beads .	Plur
So also , the earrings with real or artificial stones are fashion to wear among the teens .	Plur
Bangles are invariably in gold .	Plur
Bangles come in variety of designs and artisanship .	Plur
Dacres withdrew on 18 May and endorsed Daby , citing " recently diagnosed health reasons " .	Plur
At least three smaller scale debris avalanches have occurred in historic time .	Plur
When the pesticides leak into stream systems surrounding the cropland the nitrates and phosphates contribute to water eutrophication .	Plur
On 25 April 1450 , his jailers strangled him in his cell .	Plur
On 16 January 2019 , Portuguese club Olhanense announced the signing of Zhikov .	Plur
Interactive debuggers include the ability to modify code and step forward based on updated information .	Plur
Instead , the braids and rake had to be used .	Plur
After a few years of war , the Babylonians expelled the Assyrian forces from their territory .	Plur
" Panionios won 6 – 3 on aggregate . "	Plur
" Panionios won 4 – 2 on aggregate . "	Plur
In 1903 , priest Antanas Milukas merged " Žinyčia " with " Dirva " , published in Shenandoah , Pennsylvania , since 1898 .	Plur
The more common animal denizens of Ravine Park include white-tailed deer , squirrels , and potentially a small population of coyotes .	Plur
The close braids express the solidarity of Latvian nation .	Plur
Melodies of a White Night ( ) is a 1976 romantic drama directed by Sergei Solovyov .	Plur
Sunrise avoided legal issues by positioning its large-scale dance parties as private-member clubs , outside of police control .	Plur
The achenes are grey , tipped with bristles .	Plur
There are 4 doubleheaders scheduled for the upcoming season where four teams will play at one venue on the same day .	Plur
The Dubai Summer Surprises ( DSS ) is the summer version of Dubai Shopping Festival held during June , July and August .	Plur
Kes and Torres transfer the Doctor to the holodeck and call up the EMH diagnostic program .	Plur
Heavy gales caused damage to the structure as it progressed over the years .	Plur
The Universalists had a presence in the Georgia countryside , but had not established a presence in any urban city .	Plur
Also in 1882 , the Unitarians began active missionary work in Atlanta that provided Universalists a temporary religious home .	Plur
On July 15 , 1900 , the Universalists dedicated a new church building at 16 East Harris Street .	Plur
McGlauflin most pastorates lasted between one and two years .	Plur
Driven by the general weakness of Atlanta 's two liberal churches , the Unitarians and Universalists merged in 1918 .	Plur
The Universalists voted to defer action for another year .	Plur
In 1947 the Universalists withdrew their support from the magazine that then had only 200 subscribers .	Plur
The Universalists in that same year turned their attention to the publication of " The Youth Leader " .	Plur
Aboriginal stockmen played a large part in the life of Top End cattle stations .	Plur
Independent walkers and sea kayakers need to have information on tides in the area to plan their trips .	Plur
Often , leftovers came from the plantation slaves , and were given largely to the slaves working the fields to consume .	Plur
The mastitis occurs in approximately fifty percent of the infected animals , in severe cases the reduction in milk production can be permanent .	Plur
Impacts include aiding in the drop of water table , land subsidence , and loss of surface water reaching the streams .	Plur
OCLS cardholders have access to a variety of electronic resources , including databases , downloadable audio books , e-books , streaming videos and virtual computer classes .	Plur
Which way the disk tilts depends on a couple of factors :	Plur
At night , bonfires would be lit .	Plur
Geologist 's hammers , as with most hammers , have two heads , one on either side .	Plur
The protection rackets proved to be extremely profitable and drew attention from other gangs such as Billy Kimber ’ s Birmingham Boys .	Plur
In 1966 , Dimes helped to arrange a conference between New York mafiosi and the Corsican Francisci brothers , apparently regarding investing in London casinos .	Plur
Dimes died in November 1972 at his home on Oakwood Avenue , Beckenham , South London from cancer .	Plur
Their arch-rivals the Chicago Bears are second , with nine NFL championships ( including one Super Bowl ) .	Plur
Lymphocytic colitis is a subtype of microscopic colitis , a condition characterized by chronic non-bloody watery diarrhea .	Plur
Collagenous colitis shares this feature but additionally shows a distinctive thickening of the subepithelial collagen table .	Plur
Around 1,000 parish cures were unprovided with any resident priest .	Plur
NJROTC Scholarships are available for college-bound students .	Plur
The Christian Troubadours , also known as Christian Troubadours , were an American Southern gospel quartet , performing from the mid-1950s through the mid-1970s .	Plur
Yet , seven months after the Watsonville riots , Filipino lettuce pickers carried out a successful strike in Salinas for better treatment .	Plur
In interviews , YPG spokespersons acknowledged that a number of families were in fact displaced .	Plur
The griots live in all regions of Mauritania , although some regions are better known for their griot families .	Plur
The griots belong to specific families and almost form a musical caste within Mauritanian society .	Plur
Also these recitations no longer produce an adequate income and many young griots no longer take up the T ’ heydinn as a career .	Plur
However , Mellis revised and reissued this book whose original compiler was Hugh Oldcastle .	Plur
In addition there are special melds :	Plur
On a purchasing trip to New York , Helena merchant Herman Gans convinced Rabbi Samuel Schulman to move to Helena .	Plur
Reno drowns during the struggle , while Santeek , with his naturalist survival skills , makes it out of the icy water alive .	Plur
The bathrooms are of the smaller type taken from the P2 building type , and could be used at any of the risers in the plan .	Plur
Some personages who have played it have been Parmeswara Bhagavathar , Baluswami Dikshitar , the Raja Swati Thirunal , Veene Seshana , and Krishna Iyengar .	Plur
The leaf sheaths are convolute and persistent .	Plur
The Valkyries became the first WWCFL Champions , with a final score of 35-7 .	Plur
Lectures by academics , global achievers and role models complement the academic courses at YIF .	Plur
The end scrapers were the second-most abundant tool found at the camp .	Plur
The whole incident embarrasses April to the point of tears , provoking Peng to get out of the car and challenge the bully to a duel .	Plur
Irihapiti " Liz " Arthur ( née Samuels ) was the estranged mother of TK Samuels ( Benjamin Mitchell ) .	Plur
At this event which was held at the Paramount Theater in Bristol , Tennessee , many bluegrass superstars showed their support by performing that evening .	Plur
In the pantomimes , Leno and Campbell would often deviate from the script , improvising freely .	Plur
The Torres de Hércules ( ) are office buildings in Polígono Industrial Las Marismas , Los Barrios in Province of Cádiz .	Plur
There were joint burial ceremonies and prisoner swaps , while several meetings ended in carol-singing .	Plur
The Khmers did not draw any clear distinctions between Angkor Thom and Yashodharapura : even in the fourteenth century an inscription used the earlier name .	Plur
What one sees are roundels depicting various common animals — pigs , monkeys , water buffaloes , roosters and snakes .	Plur
Junctions along this portion include I-580 in Dublin and SR 24 in Walnut Creek .	Plur
In all , the remiges and rectrices are blackish olive with yellow edges , sometimes appearing as an indistinct wing-band on the former .	Plur
Cow punchers understand him ...	Plur
In the Serbian parliamentary election , 2016 the SRS gained 22 seats in the national assembly .	Plur
These cut SRS support almost in half , while the SPS increased its share of the vote from 28 % to 38 % .	Plur
The SRS caucus in parliament elected Nikolić as its president and Aleksandar Vučić vice-president .	Plur
By April 2011 the SRS had about 7 % of support in opinion polls , while the SNS and its coalition partners held about 40 % .	Plur
Red raspberries contains 31 μg / 100 g of folate .	Plur
Red raspberries have antioxidant effects that play a minor role in the killing of stomach and colon cancer cells .	Plur
The elite all-boys senior high schools in Kumasi are Prempeh College and Opoku Ware School .	Plur
The cascades , three in number , are close to Corrieshalloch Gorge .	Plur
There are many freshwater lochs , the largest being Loch Maree .	Plur
Bayes is the surname of :	Plur
The Argentinians eventually retreated from Fanning Head , abandoning their communications equipment .	Plur
The distinctive rowhouses were comfortable by standards of the day , and contained such amenities as indoor plumbing , gas , and sewers .	Plur
Under the threat of the Royal Marines party and the ships cruising in front of the base , the Argentinians raised a white flag .	Plur
The Vulcans carried either twenty-one bombs internally or two or four Shrike anti-radar missiles externally .	Plur
Withers made his approach at low level , dropping to before climbing to for the bomb run from the target .	Plur
Withers made the final approach at , with an airspeed of .	Plur
Once all were away , Withers put the Vulcan into a steep 60 ° bank to the left , subjecting the crew to a 2g turn .	Plur
Two gunmen wearing balaclavas entered the Brunswick Club , at approximately 6 : 40 p.m. on that day , driving a Ford Falcon EF XR6 station wagon .	Plur
In other words , energy eigenstates are stationary eigenstates , i.e .	Plur
The normalized eigenstates corresponding to formula _ 52 and formula _ 52 respectively , in the natural basis formula _ 67 are ,	Plur
All necessities came from Ambos Camarines and Tayabas ( Quezon ) .	Plur
branding , Shadowland is attacked by Superior Spider-Man ( Doctor Octopus ' mind in Spider-Man 's body ) and his Spiderlings as the Hand ninjas engage them .	Plur
Later that year , LucasArts released the " Imperial Pursuit " and " B-Wing " expansion packs on floppy disk .	Plur
LucasArts released the " " space combat simulator in 1994 .	Plur
In 1998 , LucasArts released the " X-Wing Collector Series Edition " .	Plur
From the shore , Emily and the townsmen watch her .	Plur
Popular series finales would empty streets and restaurants .	Plur
To make room for even more elephants , the rhinos will be moving to their previous enclosure .	Plur
Epics are usually among the most expensive of films to produce .	Plur
The gamblers play a game of chance for entertainment and profit in which they can win or lose , based on a conscious decision .	Plur
Moyles went on to play Herod in a UK tour of the Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber musical " Jesus Christ Superstar " in September - October 2012 .	Plur
Recreio dos Bandeirantes ( or simply Recreio ) is both the name of a beach and neighborhood in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .	Plur
The foliage smells of musk , and the large , pale violet to periwinkle blue flowers are attractive to bees , hummingbirds , and butterflies .	Plur
His homilies emphasize his belief in the primacy .	Plur
In 1967 , Hooley published a conditional proof for the conjecture , assuming certain cases of the generalized Riemann hypothesis .	Plur
The Newtons owned the house after the Knights and extended it dramatically .	Plur
Video feeds were available at both 500 kbit / s and 1 Mbit / s .	Plur
The Bonnies didn 't get their second basket until more than halfway through the first half .	Plur
The Huskers started the 2012 football season off with a home win against Southern Miss .	Plur
The Huskers are now 3 – 1 against the Golden Eagles with the only loss being from the last time these teams faced each other in 2004 .	Plur
The Huskers went on the road for the first time in their second game of the season to face UCLA in Pasadena , California .	Plur
The Huskers defeated the Red Wolves in 2009 with a score of 38 – 9 .	Plur
The Huskers traveled to Columbus to face Ohio State , who were playing their first season under new head coach Urban Meyer .	Plur
The Huskers hosted the Golden Eagles for the second straight year , with the Huskers winning 49 – 20 in 2012 .	Plur
The Huskers outgained the Wildcats in the contest 472 yards to 326 .	Plur
The Huskers outgained the Wolverines in total offense 273 yards to 175 while holding Michigan to minus-21 yards rushing in the contest .	Plur
The Huskers tied the game at 20 – 20 late in the fourth quarter on a 19-yard field goal by Pat Smith to force overtime .	Plur
The Huskers led the contest en route to a 24-19 victory .	Plur
The Huskers ended the game with a Big Ten Conference record 784 yards of total offense , while allowing just 200 total yards to FAU .	Plur
The Huskers totaled 437 yards in offense and allowed 338 to the Cowboys .	Plur
The Huskers rushed for over 400 yards as a team en route to a dominating 45 – 14 victory .	Plur
Last year the Huskers captured a 27 – 24 victory on a last second Hail Mary touchdown pass .	Plur
The Huskers trailed at one point 24 – 7 before starting their comeback .	Plur
The Huskers nearly came back from an 18-point second half deficit , but the Trojans prevailed 45 – 42 .	Plur
Aryans who moved from north to south called them Kanikkar , which literally means landlords , descendants of the Kings , gave their offerings to Attingal King .	Plur
The Sables vert de l 'Albien Formation is a Mesozoic geologic formation in France .	Plur
Solid and septarian carbonate concretionary nodule horizons are characteristic of the lower and middle parts of the formation informally named as concretionary layer 1-4 .	Plur
Ammonites seem to be major contributors to the ecosystem with oysters and gastropods rounding out the ecosytem .	Plur
Southey gives an account of his own history , which Byron thus summarises :	Plur
The scarabs are likely to have been made at the same time , in or after the 11th regnal year .	Plur
The so-called marriage scarabs actually refer not to the marriage itself , and neither do they mention a marriage date .	Plur
The lake scarabs commemorate the construction of an artificial lake for Queen Tiye in the 11th regnal year .	Plur
The lake scarabs vary the most in their texts , but the differences don 't affect the meaning of the text itself .	Plur
These scarabs also list the titles of the king and mention Tiye .	Plur
The bull hunt scarabs have both the greatest length ( 9,9 cm ) and the longest text .	Plur
The Gilukhepa scarabs commemorate the arrival of Princess Gilukhepa , daughter of Shuttarna II of Mitanni into the pharaoh 's harem in the 10th regnal year .	Plur
MSM would have the office for three years and MMM for the two remaining .	Plur
The backups were still more than a match for NWU , and Nebraska improved to 4-0 in the series .	Plur
Both parasitoids and parasitic castrators tend to be similar to their host in size , whereas most non-castrating parasites are orders of magnitude smaller than the host .	Plur
Diseases are nonexistent , and cures have been found for all of them .	Plur
Different Strokes is the first album by Viktor Krauss , bassist and brother of bluegrass singer and violinist Alison Krauss .	Plur
Layers with distorted octahedral gaps separate those with the anions .	Plur
Interactions between cations and anions are especially important in how ammonium salts change phase .	Plur
Between its two limb girdles was a massive mesh of gastralia ( belly ribs ) that provided additional strength and support .	Plur
Second , torch fishers receive all of their meals at the canoe house and are prohibited from eating certain foods .	Plur
The Bering Straits divide Asia from North America .	Plur
Geographers consult them but they do not write geography unless they happen to be both .	Plur
These alchemists were more concerned with medical elixirs than with transmuting lead into gold .	Plur
Alchemists in Roman Egypt were using a distillation alembic or still device in the 3rd century .	Plur
Inexpensive mass market paperbacks tend to do better on " The New York Times " list than on Amazon 's .	Plur
Booksellers may use their POS ( point-of-sale ) systems to report automatically to Book Sense .	Plur
Wholesalers such as the giant Ingram Content Group have bestseller calculations similar to Amazon 's , but they are available only to subscribing retailers .	Plur
Bestsellers have gained such great popularity that it has sometimes become fashionable to purchase them .	Plur
Hash browns are a popular mass-produced product sold in both refrigerated and frozen varieties .	Plur
Hash browns are also available in dehydrated form .	Plur
The Broads personally committed to giving 75 % of their wealth away .	Plur
In total , the Broads have given roughly $ 1 billion to Los Angeles art institutions .	Plur
In 2001 , the Broads created the Broad Medical Research Program to fund innovative research to advance the treatment of IBD .	Plur
The Broads announced Nov. 14 , 2013 , they were giving an additional $ 100 million to the institute .	Plur
To date , the Broads have given $ 800 million to the Institute .	Plur
In 2007 , the Broads also donated $ 20 million to the UCLA Stem Cell Institute .	Plur
In 2009 , the Broads gave $ 5 million to fund the Joint Center for Translational Medicine at Caltech and UCLA .	Plur
Loews eventually diversified into fields such as insurance and natural gas .	Plur
Biggs did not receive writing credit for the revised lyrics .	Plur
The Biggs remake also ends with a saxophone solo , the first on a Pistols record .	Plur
There are seven other imams who lead daily prayers at the mosque :	Plur
Traditional dialect atlases ( e.g. , ) show one variant or another used in adjacent regions .	Plur
RWE DEA had total natural gas production output of 2.6bn cubic metres in 2013 .	Plur
Poses which introduce foreshortening of various body parts will cause them to differ .	Plur
Three Dallas Stars goalies have won the award , while two each have represented the Montreal Canadiens and the Minnesota Wild .	Plur
" Number 12 Looks Just Like You " is an episode of the American television anthology series " The Twilight Zone " .	Plur
However , the cons are that they are typically slower to update and may not contain very new or disputed data .	Plur
Recent orations have included the following :	Plur
Gauls were another subset of Celtic people .	Plur
Silvery marmosets are diurnal and arboreal , using their claws to climb trees .	Plur
Black-tailed marmosets are diurnal and arboreal , using their claws to climb trees .	Plur
Relational transgressions occur when people violate implicit or explicit relational rules .	Plur
His Jordan Brand workouts refueled Durant comparisons .	Plur
The Lehigh Valley Steelhawks are a professional indoor football team based in Allentown , Pennsylvania and are members of the National Arena League ( NAL ) .	Plur
The Steelhawks began play as an expansion team in the Indoor Football League ( IFL ) in 2011 .	Plur
The Steelhawks play their home games at the PPL Center .	Plur
The Steelhawks finished in second place overall in the 2013 PIFL season , but lost their semifinal playoff game .	Plur
The Steelhawks finished the 2014 season with a 6 – 6 record and second in the National Conference .	Plur
The Steelhawks defeated the Trenton Freedom by a score of 49 – 38 in the National Conference championship game to advance to PIFL Cup III .	Plur
In the 2015 season , the Steelhawks announced that they would be moving to the newly constructed PPL Center .	Plur
With the PIFL not having enough teams to remain viable , the Steelhawks moved to American Indoor Football ( AIF ) for the 2016 season .	Plur
The Steelhawks finished third in the North Division and made it to the division championship game before losing to the West Michigan Ironmen .	Plur
The Steelhawks hired Danton Barto as the new head coach for the 2018 season and the team finished with a 0 – 15 record .	Plur
As a result , exorcisms are quite common , even finding their way in rituals involving the blessing of fields .	Plur
Ovachlamys fulgens is a species of air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae .	Plur
" Ovachlamys fulgens " has spread to various countries , most probably accidentally introduced with the orchid trade .	Plur
Margins of the paerture are distant , sub-parallel , the columellar margin a little reflected and nearly covering the very narrow umbilical perforation .	Plur
Wood pagodas are large buildings with either two stories ( like the , see photo below ) or an odd number of stories .	Plur
Extant wood pagodas with more than two storeys have almost always either three storeys ( and are therefore called ) or five ( and are called .	Plur
Stone pagodas are nearly always small , usually well below 3 metres , and as a rule offer no usable space .	Plur
Inside Shingon pagodas there can be paintings of deities called ; on the ceiling and on the central shaft there can be decorations and paintings .	Plur
Vice versa , recent pagodas tend to be steeper and have shorter finials , creating svelter silhouettes .	Plur
From the structural point of view , old pagodas had a over which stood the .	Plur
Early pagodas had a central pillar that penetrated deep into the ground .	Plur
In addition , serous cystic neoplasms slowly grow , and if they grow large enough they can press on adjacent organs and cause symptoms .	Plur
Pathologists classify serous cystic neoplasms into two broad groups .	Plur
Ian overhears and seems a bit unhappy , stating they " planned to keep it a secret . "	Plur
Moreover , the law forbids travel at speeds that would extend the vehicle 's minimum halting distance beyond the driver 's line of sight .	Plur
In 2013 , autobahns carried 31 % of motorized road traffic while accounting for 13 % of Germany 's traffic deaths .	Plur
Manny hugs Spinner in joy and Darcy starts to become jealous of Spinner 's friendship with Manny .	Plur
Laos competed at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics , the inaugural Youth Olympic Games , held in Singapore from 14 August to 26 August 2010 .	Plur
Tractors and mopeds have a maximum speed limit of 35 km / h both in and out of localities , and are not allowed on motorways .	Plur
Malawian Rastafari have been using marijuana as part of their spiritual awakening for years .	Plur
" Renegades " follows Nova ( Anarchist alias : Nightmare ) , the niece of the Anarchist leader , Alec Artino ( alias : Ace Anarchy ) .	Plur
The Renegades consider themselves superheroes - fighting for the greater good .	Plur
The Renegades have beat the Anarchists , causing them to go into hiding .	Plur
" Renegades " hit the " New York Times " bestseller list for Young Adult Hardcovers at number 2 the week of November 26th , 2017 .	Plur
The Midnighters continued to draw large audiences at a rate of nearly 300 booking dates a year in the early 1960s .	Plur
In 2001 , The Midnighters were among the first to be inducted into the Doo-Wop Hall of Fame , in Boston , Massachusetts .	Plur
Once found the lifeboats encountered great difficulty crossing the bar to reach the wreck .	Plur
Both lifeboats were able to reach the vicinity of the wreck .	Plur
The Ingrams had previously been contestants as a couple on the show but did not make it onto the hot seat .	Plur
In West Bengal , theme pujas are a common sight .	Plur
the Theotokos , should take center stage .	Plur
Lieutenants Richard Marshall and George Fulford with the aid of armed settlers including John Murray and H.C. Corfield , conducted punitive expeditions against local Aboriginals .	Plur
Deviations from this norm might occur at formal events , at which attendees might wear sashes or headdresses .	Plur
Hinkley made her debut for the Breakers in November 2016 .	Plur
Thankfully , Göransson 's composing chops are strong , and as a result the score for " Black Panther " soars . "	Plur
And CalArts seems goofy enough .	Plur
CalArts quickly became one of the best art schools in the country .	Plur
" Conventional radiographs reveal a well-demarcated lytic lesion ( nidus ) surrounded by a distinct zone of sclerosis " that allow doctors to identify the tumor .	Plur
The osteoblasts were generally small and regular in shape .	Plur
Plain radiographs are not always diagnostic .	Plur
International adoptions require additional paperwork and registrations once the child has been adopted abroad and resides in the United States ( US ) .	Plur
There were three statuettes of the tomb owners .	Plur
New York Democratic-Republicans resisted the possibility of another Virginian winning the presidency , and they backed the candidacy of Governor Daniel D. Tompkins .	Plur
Northerners focused their arguments on the immorality of slavery , while Southerners focused their attacks on the purported unconstitutionality of banning slavery within a state .	Plur
Anti-slavery Northerners like William Seward and Salmon Chase also opposed the compromise .	Plur
While abolitionism had not emerged as a strong force , many Northerners saw slavery as a moral blight and opposed the extension of slavery into the territories .	Plur
Plemons is a ghost town in Hutchinson County , in the U.S. state of Texas .	Plur
Plemons became the county seat in 1901 when Hutchinson County was organized .	Plur
Plemons began to decline after that , despite a brief spurt during the oil boom .	Plur
Pepe ’ s El Original pork rinds have seen an increase in sales and popularity as a result of consumer feedback and new products .	Plur
“ Pathways to Resilience ” ( P2R ) is a regional leadership and training program for survivors of landmines and explosive ordnance injuries .	Plur
The prosthetics took about two hours to apply .	Plur
In 1988 , Plessey announced they would purchase Leigh for about 42.5 million Pounds .	Plur
Billingsley helped to incorporate more than 20 small towns in Alabama that had majority-black populations .	Plur
Between 1966 and 1968 the NTS showed five-minute episodes in the series " Dag vogels , dag bloemen , dag kinderen " .	Plur
Symphonies is the second EP by American rock band In Fear and Faith .	Plur
The corms go dormant during summer , and water should be entirely withheld once the foliage fades after the springtime period of active growth .	Plur
The Burghs were rich , flamboyant and powerful people .	Plur
In the 1090s the Almoravids effectively annexed the taifas of al-Andalus : al-Andalus became a colony of the Almoravid empire administered from Marrakesh .	Plur
The Hospitallers would dominate the administration of the region for two centuries , moving their Portuguese headquarters from Leça in Northern Portugal to nearby Crato in 1340 .	Plur
Similarly , a Dolby Atmos encoded Dolby TrueHD stream contains metadata to extract and place the objects in relevant positions .	Plur
While walking along a city street which happened to bear his name , gunshots go off , causing the gathered crowd to flee .	Plur
The ecclesiastical , legal and social convulsions in the time of the Reformation brought new antagonisms and disputes into the “ Münchweiler Tal ” .	Plur
Matheos would send Moore guitar , keyboard and programming parts ; Moore would then " chop them up and stuff " .	Plur
" Mike Portnoy continues to amaze with his adaptability , playing perfectly with just about whatever style of music , " Blogcritics noted .	Plur
All schoolchildren from all four of Schönenberg-Kübelberg ’ s centres now attend a single primary school , which has no local peculiarities , nor denominational affiliations .	Plur
Network extenders use various methods ( line encodings ) , such as TC-PAM , 2B1Q or DMT , to transmit information .	Plur
Current ( 2011 ) Kildare senior hurling panellists are Richie Hoban and Martin Fitzgerald .	Plur
Broadford hurlers play Gaelic football with Clogherinkoe , Johnstownbridge or Carbury .	Plur
While still in her teens , Corio 's good looks and shapely physique landed her showgirl roles that led to her becoming a hugely popular striptease artist .	Plur
In 2016 Confey Senior Footballers won the Kildare Senior Division 1 League beating Athy 1-08 to 0-8 .	Plur
Kill hurlers began contesting the Junior Championship in the 1950s .	Plur
In 2009 , the hurlers made both league and championship semi finals .	Plur
The stowaways , Nightwing and Firestorm , work to release Superman .	Plur
Chancellors lead each campus of the University system .	Plur
Pin Feathers is a 1933 short animated film produced by Walter Lantz Productions and released by Universal Pictures .	Plur
Orinoeme nigripes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	Plur
Other notable gorges within the county of Garmisch-Partenkirchen are the Partnach Gorge near the Zugspitze and the Höllental Gorge near Grainau-Hammersbach .	Plur
The submunitions each contain a high-penetration EFP warhead for use against even heavy armoured fighting vehicles like main battle tanks .	Plur
Conservators should have experience in :	Plur
The bouquets featured two to five different kinds of flowers , some in a loose bunch and others in vases or bowls .	Plur
These dwarves will help Inday search for the truth about her real identity .	Plur
How much the dwarves and the magic bottle will change Inday 's life ?	Plur
Scholarships are a factor that allows underrepresented to focus on their academic and allows them to be persistent throughout their years in college .	Plur
Portales was one of the interviewees in " Vivir la utopía " .	Plur
Departures are hourly from then on , with the last one at 2 : 30pm on Wednesday and 4 : 30pm on Sunday .	Plur
These hardpoints make repeated disassembly and reassembly trouble-free .	Plur
In 1992 , the AWS held its first summer meeting in Park City , Utah .	Plur
At the time , celluloid cels ( rather than modern acetate film ) were costly and scarce in Japan , having to be imported .	Plur
Archimedes may have dissected the area into infinitely many triangles whose areas form a geometric progression .	Plur
Archimedes evaluates the sum using an entirely geometric method , illustrated in the adjacent picture .	Plur
Thirteen motets and five chansons have survived with attribution to him .	Plur
The motets include some written for state occasions , such as " Carole cur defles " , for the death of Queen Isabella , in 1545 .	Plur
Cyril Alec " Bob " Stiles ( 10 October 1904 – 5 March 1985 ) was a New Zealand rower .	Plur
The dual tessellations contain all simplex facets , although they are not regular polytopes beyond order-3 .	Plur
There are three hammers , topped with crowns .	Plur
While staying at their house , Gil notices bruises on Jasira 's legs and Rifat angrily knocks on the door wanting to retrieve his daughter .	Plur
The originators of the wavy line pottery are as yet unidentified .	Plur
The Dear Abbeys ( officially , The Boston University Dear Abbeys ) is an all-male a cappella group consisting of current Boston University students , typically undergraduates .	Plur
In 2005 , the Dear Abbeys became the champions in the International Championships of Collegiate A Cappella ( ICCA ) Finals .	Plur
In 2009 , the Dear Abbeys released their seventh album , " Four Score . "	Plur
Each fall , since 2009 , the Dear Abbeys holds their " Men Being Manly " concert on campus , featuring the Tufts University Beelzebubs .	Plur
In 2012 , the Dear Abbeys celebrated their twentieth anniversary and released their eighth studio album , " Proclamation " .	Plur
When Ed disarms Nick , a fed-up Jeff strangles his boss .	Plur
George 's fellow reapers confront Kane and find that he knows and does not care that their departure from the job rules is causing misfortune elsewhere .	Plur
The reapers walk away from the launch , wondering who their new boss is .	Plur
The carpels may be single , or collected together , to form an ovary , and contain the ovules .	Plur
The cancellative semigroups form a quasivariety .	Plur
The Médiathèque José Cabanis is the main building of the Public Libraries of Toulouse .	Plur
The P-40s attacked and claimed eight of the Ju 87s before the Bf 109s could act .	Plur
Six Kittyhawks of 450 Squadron RAAF provided top cover to 18 Boston bombers at 07 : 38 .	Plur
The Poor Clares first arrived in Denmark in 1249 .	Plur
Hants & Dorset and the associated Wilts & Dorset company were unusual in specifying dual-door configuration for their early LHs .	Plur
In 2017 , under new ownership , Lietuvos rytas took back the history of Statyba .	Plur
In November 1953 , Cline and the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers were performing on the WJR Big Barn Frolic .	Plur
The t-shirts feature lyrics from the band 's songs " Notorious " and " Higher " .	Plur
The Jersey Cows are Eddy , Igg and Bud , 3 cows who enjoy pranking humans and dislike having rules .	Plur
2001 " Five Nuns Get Undressed and Other Works " , Genovese-Sullivan Gallery , Boston , MA	Plur
Ramesses would have commissioned this in order to legitimize his own reign and succession as well as the new dynasty through this story ( Lesko 100 ) .	Plur
Öland goose is a landrace which was kept in Öland and Götaland .	Plur
Öland goose is generally weighing between 4,5-5,5 kg ( male ) and 4-5 kilos ( female ) .	Plur
Furthermore , microalgae are more productive than land based agricultural crops and could therefore be more sustainable in the long run .	Plur
Weise has released books both in paperback and ebooks : " Earth Art " ( 2017 ) , " Land Art " ( 2018 ) .	Plur
Madigan stagecoaches passed through Three Forks on the way to Cody or Sandon .	Plur
Wenders noted that " making a video is really a very different ballgame .	Plur
Wenders stated that they " liked the idea that Bono 's voice would be sung by a girl in this video . "	Plur
Wenders described it as one of his favourite U2 songs .	Plur
" " the particular Vedic Aryans of the Rigveda were one section among these Purus , who called themselves Bharatas . " "	Plur
In " Mansfield Park " , in particular , the morally suspect characters — the Crawfords , Rushworth and the Bertram daughters — represent individualism .	Plur
Although BA said fuel surcharges were " a legitimate way of recovering costs " , in May 2007 it had put aside for legal fees and fines .	Plur
The exact impedances make little difference to performance as long as the latter is many times larger than the former .	Plur
In the days of valves ( vacuum tubes ) , most loudspeakers had a nominal impedance of 16 Ω .	Plur
For example , two 16 Ω loudspeakers in parallel will give an impedance of 8 Ω .	Plur
Today 's militaries often use high-quality helmets made of ballistic materials such as Kevlar and Aramid , which have excellent bullet and fragmentation stopping power .	Plur
Through the years Israel Shipyards have built 33 Saar 4 and 4.5 class missile boats ; 20 were delivered to the Israeli Navy over the years .	Plur
The Shipyards has capability and experience to design and execute project such as :	Plur
Intelligence Service spokespersons denied that the institution had overseen either Pleșiță 's hospitalisation or his funeral .	Plur
Averaging 29.7 pts , 7.7 rebs , and 6.0 ast a game in the playoffs , Farine showed that he was ready for the challenge .	Plur
Her eyelids still were closing , and she heard	Plur
American landmines caused extensive casualties and amputees within among the Vietnamese civilian population .	Plur
Forty Namibian subcontractors and suppliers were involved in the project .	Plur
Another 100 Namibians were working on the project .	Plur
Opposite the main gate on the opposite side of the road there are two helipads .	Plur
Although soft-spoken in person , as a writer Thompson did not shy from controversy .	Plur
Curley spent weeks developing the plan and putting people in place .	Plur
In all , Curley invested just over £ 15,000 , his entire savings , in the gamble .	Plur
Cultivars are available for use as ornamental plants .	Plur
A month later , the wreckers had finished their work .	Plur
The Creoles of the French Quarter objected that that would give the Anglo-American sector across Canal Street a business advantage .	Plur
The Plymouth Admirals were an American Football team who competed in the British American Football League ( BAFL ) up until 2010 .	Plur
The Admirals joined the British National Gridiron League in 1989 , entering at Premier Division level ( the second of the league 's three tiers ) .	Plur
for a year , the Admirals returned to Oak Villa for the 2002 season .	Plur
Pixels of 8 bits and fewer can represent either grayscale or indexed color .	Plur
There were numerous firings over alleged negligence in the handling of the Fujimori flight to Chile .	Plur
Evidences of the Holy Spirit in the believer ’ s life are faith in Christ , obedience to God , and the spiritual fruit of love .	Plur
Hortense indicated in her " Memoires " that she wrote the music when she lived at Malmaison .	Plur
Le Cours ( " Ar C 'hour " in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France .	Plur
The sours can be different size and different pain levels .	Plur
While all messengers are prophets , not all prophets are messengers .	Plur
And the disbelievers said to their Messengers : ‘ ‘ We will drive you out of our land , or you return to our religion ’ ’ .	Plur
Light Grenades is the sixth studio album by alternative rock band Incubus , released on November 28 , 2006 on Epic Records .	Plur
The Matadors played their first friendly , a 15-a-side against Rugby Club Innsbruck , with help from the clubs in Graz and Linz .	Plur
The Matadors take part in the Austrian Challenge Cup since 2004 .	Plur
Nittany Suites — made up exclusively of Nittany Hall — houses single upperclass students in two-bedroom suites .	Plur
Thoms would later re-record the song in 1997 for Inner City Unit 's new album " Now You Know The Score " .	Plur
Chaney grew up in Forestville , Maryland and currently lives with his wife in Clinton , Maryland .	Plur
Military meteorologists currently operate with a wide variety of military units , from aircraft carriers to special forces .	Plur
Next , in 1923 , three private aerodromes started operations in El Prat , due to the flat terrain of the municipality .	Plur
Therefore , the vocabularies of Cantonese in Mainland China and Hong Kong substantially differed .	Plur
Installations from the collection have included a gallery of family portraits and another of landscape paintings .	Plur
Most adverbs tend to be identical to adjectives in form .	Plur
Ex-fan des sixties is an album by Jane Birkin .	Plur
Reductions in Mexico were more commonly known as " congregaciones " .	Plur
The New York Pitbulls were an International Fight League team based in NYC , New York .	Plur
Coached by Brazilian Jiu Jitsu expert and MMA veteran Renzo Gracie , the Pitbulls were one of four teams competing in the IFL 's inaugural season .	Plur
The Pitbulls are 17-13 as of August 2007 in team competition .	Plur
Owings was supposed to face Ryan Schultz on 4 / 13 / 07 but was injured during training , thus alternate Joe Sampieri took the fight instead	Plur
Owings was supposed to face Savant Young in the IFL Semi Finals but was injured during training , thus alternate Deividas Taurosevicius took the fight instead	Plur
The couplers mechanically fit onto those of the RABDe 12 / 12 .	Plur
Moreover , there are cultivations of fruits and vegetables like cabbages , peppers , tomatoes , melons and watermelons .	Plur
The A and B clarinets have nearly the same bore and use the same mouthpiece .	Plur
Most modern clarinets have " undercut " tone holes that improve intonation and sound .	Plur
However , all modern clarinets have similar components .	Plur
Early clarinets did not play well in the lower register , so players continued to play the chalumeaux for low notes .	Plur
In classical music , clarinets are part of standard orchestral and concert band instrumentation .	Plur
In concert bands , clarinets are an important part of the instrumentation .	Plur
When cholesterol levels fall , INSIG-1 dissociates from the SREBP-SCAP complex , which allows the complex to migrate to the Golgi apparatus .	Plur
In addition , most eukaryotes have a small circular mitochondrial genome , and some eukaryotes may have additional small circular or linear cytoplasmic chromosomes .	Plur
Once the cells have divided , the chromatids are uncoiled and DNA can again be transcribed .	Plur
Other good anchorages nearby became Phoenician and then Carthaginian ports at what are now Tangiers and Cadiz .	Plur
For most people , ultraviolet radiations from sunlight is the most common cause of skin cancer .	Plur
ROS cause oxidative DNA damage including the major base alteration 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine ( 8-OHdG ) .	Plur
For example , the nematocysts ( stinging cells ) of the transparent siphonophore " Agalma okenii " resemble small copepods .	Plur
Adult comb jellies and jellyfish obey the rule , often being mainly transparent .	Plur
Clockmakers developed their art in various ways .	Plur
Early clock dials did not indicate minutes and seconds .	Plur
Traditional superstitions regard this as counting the seconds to the recipient 's death .	Plur
Multiple defections saw the CLP reduced to minority government a few months later .	Plur
However , thaws are frequent , with one to three days per month with + highs from December to February .	Plur
Cows routinely lie down and can easily regain their footing unless sick or injured .	Plur
An accompanying text cites elephant lore suggesting that elephants did not have knees and were unable to get up if they fell .	Plur
Cows may tip themselves inadvertently .	Plur
Four other vandals removed a " Wow cow " sculpture from its lifeguard chair at Oak Street Beach and abandoned it in a pedestrian underpass .	Plur
Rhyming couplets are one of the simplest rhyme schemes in poetry .	Plur
Good rhyming couplets tend to " explode " as both the rhyme and the idea come to a quick close in two lines .	Plur
On the other hand , because rhyming couplets have such a predictable rhyme scheme , they can feel artificial and plodding .	Plur
Some Chinese couplets may consist of two lines of four characters each .	Plur
Southey wrote back to say she was a bad poet and to consider another career , a letter that greatly hurt her .	Plur
Gardeners can grow a range of cultivars , many of which differ from the wild species , mainly in having stouter leaf stems .	Plur
From the 3rd century BC the Gauls adopted coinage .	Plur
Despite their geographical isolation from the rest of the Celtic world , the Galatians maintained their Celtic language for at least 700 years .	Plur
Celtic smiths and metalworkers created weapons and jewellery for international trade , particularly with the Romans .	Plur
Renoir chaired the hanging committee and did most of the work himself , as others members failed to present themselves .	Plur
Larger anchorages existed to the north and south of the city .	Plur
The Carthaginians were Phoenician settlers originating in the Mediterranean coast of the Near East .	Plur
Well-known cellists include Jacqueline du Pre , Raya Garbousova , Zara Nelsova , Hildur Gudnadottir , Han-Na Chang , Mstislav Rostropovich and Beatrice Harrison .	Plur
Baroque-era cellos differed from the modern instrument in several ways .	Plur
The cellos are a critical part of orchestral music ; all symphonic works involve the cello section , and many pieces require cello soli or solos .	Plur
Much of the time , cellos provide part of the low-register harmony for the orchestra .	Plur
There were also some cellists who , while not otherwise composers , did write cello-specific repertoire , such as Nikolaus Kraft who wrote six cello concertos .	Plur
The Lumineers added cellist Nela Pekarek to the band in 2010 .	Plur
Other cellists performing Indian classical music are : Nancy Lesh ( Dhrupad ) and Anup Biswas .	Plur
Less expensive cellos frequently have tops and backs made of laminated wood .	Plur
Many cellists use a rubber pad with a metal cup to keep the tip from slipping on the floor .	Plur
The left hand fingertips stop the strings on the fingerboard , determining the pitch of the fingered note .	Plur
The left hand fingertips stop the strings along their length , determining the pitch of each fingered note .	Plur
Harmonics played on the cello fall into two classes ; natural and artificial .	Plur
Natural harmonics only produce notes that are part of the harmonic series on a particular string .	Plur
The following luthiers are notable for the cellos they have produced :	Plur
Most cellists earn their living from a mixture of performance and teaching jobs .	Plur
Due to the limited number of full-time orchestral jobs , many classical cellists are not able to find full-time work with a single orchestra .	Plur
Some cellists increase their employ-ability by learning several different styles , such as folk or pop .	Plur
User-programmable WCS allowed the user to optimize the machine for specific purposes .	Plur
The beast flees , terrified , to the amazement of the assembled Picts who glorified Colmcille 's God .	Plur
The vocabularies of these dialects draw from both British and American English as well as numerous native peculiarities .	Plur
's travails are evoking nostalgia for a golden age when it supposedly operated effectively , McCarry offers a useful reminder that such an era never existed . "	Plur
" The 50 Greatest Mysteries of All Time " , includes " The Hand of Carlos "	Plur
At the estuary of the Isère , the Teutons and the Ambrones met Marius , whose well-defended camp they did not manage to overrun .	Plur
Also , carbines are harder to maneuver in tight encounters where superior range and stopping power at distance are not great considerations .	Plur
Modern carbines use ammunition ranging from that used in light pistols up to powerful rifle cartridges , with the usual exception of high-velocity magnum cartridges .	Plur
Claus Sluter ( 1340s in Haarlem – 1405 or 1406 in Dijon ) was a sculptor of Dutch origin .	Plur
The pedestal surmounts a hexagonal fountain .	Plur
In the end , the Pikes learn that even after the traumatic death of a young soul , life still continues and they cannot mourn forever .	Plur
" Dangers on a Train " is the twenty-second and final episode of the 24th season of " The Simpsons " , and the 530th episode overall .	Plur
The CubeSats are part of the ELaNa-V mission partially funded under " NASA 's Educational Launch of Nanosatellites " program .	Plur
There can also be variable conformations of POCOP pertaining to the various R groups branching off of the donor atoms .	Plur
The Play-offs of the 2010 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group II were the final stages of the Group II Zonal Competition involving teams from the Americas .	Plur
There are no synergies , there is only a transaction with an investment rationale on how to grow the business and generate a targeted return .	Plur
Later reissues have been in collections which are neither exclusively Country nor exclusively Blues .	Plur
Approximately twenty Papuans became Bahá 'ís in Port Moresby immediately after Kabu who were from the Baimuru area .	Plur
The Mandals come under this assembly constituency are Srungavarapukota , Lakkavarapukota , Kothavalasa .	Plur
Other memos referred to him as a " shady character " and suggested he be held with a " tight rein . "	Plur
Generators in direct-drive wind turbines contain more copper , as the generator itself is bigger due to the absence of a gearbox .	Plur
The Grampians are a mountain range in Scotland .	Plur
Towles died in 1921 and was survived by three children , Mrs. Corrine T. Summerlin , Wallace and Mildred .	Plur
" Tous les Matins du Monde	Plur
Hibernians went from one extreme to the other during the 2008 – 09 season .	Plur
On April 26 , 2013 , Donley announced plans to step down as the Secretary of the Air Force on June 21 , 2013 .	Plur
" Facto delafé y las flores azules	Plur
Helena Miquel " " las flores azules " " , who made the chorus for the song , joined the band indefinitely .	Plur
" Contrasts : Comparative Essays on Italian-Canadian Writing " by J. Pivato won the 1985 Bressani Prize .	Plur
The EPs debuted at No .	Plur
The governess ’ role is very similar to Valerio ’ s in this play .	Plur
The original blobs used were military surplus items .	Plur
Since oil and gas floats on top of water , the fuel-filled bladders floated next to the ships .	Plur
The Slovenes in Argentina are descendants of three main groups of immigrants that arrived from the Slovene Lands mostly in the 20th century .	Plur
DOS won the championship , and qualified for 1958-59 European Cup .	Plur
According to inscriptions found in the region of Pliska , Preslav , Madara and Shabla in north-eastern Bulgaria , armaments for 1,713 heavy riders were available .	Plur
The Bogomils preached that people must not follow secular authorities , pay taxes or enroll in the army .	Plur
The carefully orchestrated paint drips mimick the spontaneous results of the gestures of preceding style .	Plur
So the rishis ran to Vishnu for help .	Plur
Four pinnacles define the corners of the chapels and the edge of the chancel gable .	Plur
The pinnacles , faced with gable and finial devices , are crocketed with grotesques .	Plur
A two-step angled buttress supports the south chapel east corner .	Plur
The Dzungars were a confederation of several Tibetan Buddhist Oirat Mongols tribes that emerged suddenly in the early 17th century .	Plur
The remaining Dzungars were to be killed .	Plur
The Dzungars had conquered and subjugated the Uyghurs during the Dzungar conquest of Altishahr , after being invited by the Afaqi Khoja to invade .	Plur
Eburodacrys campestris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	Plur
Boas ( 1898 ) gives also the following names , most of which are probably synonyms for some of the above :	Plur
The five tomes totaled about 2,232 pages .	Plur
Microorganisms offer excellent anabolic and catabolic adaptability to degrade and produce stabilized organic matters from contaminants .	Plur
The two parachutists were Mark Sutton ( James Bond ) and Gary Connery ( Queen ) .	Plur
In the 2014 / 15 year there were several defections .	Plur
12 Typhoons took part in Russian Victory Day military parade in 2014 .	Plur
Circles ( individuals or groups who create dōjinshi ) apply for the store to carry their works on its shelves .	Plur
Leaflets are emarginate with a terminal mucro or acute , while the base is cuneate , sometimes obliquely .	Plur
The pamphlets contain information about how many spaces are available for circles , how many cosplayers can apply , and so on .	Plur
However , some Druids nevertheless regard modern Druidry as a genuine continuation of the practices of the Iron Age druids .	Plur
Some Druids incorporate everything that is known about Iron Age druids into their practices .	Plur
Many Druids believe that the practices of the Iron Age druids should be revived yet modified to meet current needs .	Plur
Some Druids claim that they can channel information about the Iron Age druids .	Plur
Some Druids identify as Pagan , others as Christian .	Plur
In a similar vein , some modern Druids believe that ancient druidic wisdom was preserved through a distinct Celtic Christianity .	Plur
Druids are generally critical of mainstream society , regarding it as being " governed by consumerism , environmental exploitation and the supremacy of technology . "	Plur
In contrast to this , Druids seek to establish a way of living that they regard as being more " natural " .	Plur
Through seeking a connection with nature , Druids pursue a sense of " cosmic belonging " .	Plur
Some Druids regard it as possible to communicate with various spirits during ritual .	Plur
Certain Druids in Ireland have for instance adopted belief in the Sí , spirits from Irish folklore , into their Druidic system , interpreting them as elementals .	Plur
In some recorded examples , Druids regard the " ancestors " as an amorphous group , rather than as a set of named individuals .	Plur
After the end of the ceremony , the Druids may remain together to take part in a meal , or visit a nearby pub .	Plur
Some Druids also involve themselves in spell-casting , although this is usually regarded as a secondary feature among their practices .	Plur
Druids often believe that , even if the Iron Age druids did not build these monuments , they did use them for their rites .	Plur
Druids regard them as sacred sites in part as recognition that prehistoric societies would have done the same .	Plur
Druids in various parts of Ireland and Britain have reported such sites being home to a " Spirit of the Place " residing there .	Plur
Many Druids also believe that such sites are centres of earth energy and lie along ley lines in the landscape .	Plur
Druids also use many other prehistoric sites as spaces for their rituals , including stone circles like that at Avebury in Wiltshire .	Plur
Some Druids have erected their own , modern stone circles in which to perform their ceremonies .	Plur
In Ireland , Druids perform ceremonies at one of the island 's best known prehistoric sites , the Hill of Tara .	Plur
As well as performing group rituals at sites , Druids also visit them alone to meditate , prayer , and provide offerings .	Plur
In 2003 , Druids performed a ritual at the Hill of Tara to heal the location after road construction took place in the adjacent landscape .	Plur
Druids have also involved themselves in tree planting projects .	Plur
Some Druids regard these sweat lodges as " initiatory and regenerative opportunities to rededicate oneself to honouring the Earth and the community of life . "	Plur
Bards perform at " Eisteddfod " at various occasions , from formal rituals to pub get-togethers and summer camps and environmental protests .	Plur
Many Druids engage in a range of healing therapies , with both herbalism and homeopathy being popular within the Druidic community .	Plur
Druids often revive older folk customs for use on their practices .	Plur
Druids generally observe eight spiritual festivals annually , which are collectively known as the Wheel of the Year .	Plur
Druids do not seek to convert everyone else to Druidry .	Plur
According to the American Religious Identification Survey ( ARIS ) , there are approximately 30,000 Druids in the United States .	Plur
Los Muñequitos de Matanzas once again toured the United States in 2011 .	Plur
Reductions based on water supply status were to be calculated at a percentage prescribed by resolution of the Legislative Council of the amount of rates payable .	Plur
Many radical émigrés went on to do great things , such as participating in the French Revolution ( 1789 – 1799 ) .	Plur
To facilitate open access such repositories must be interoperable according to the Open Archives Initiative Protocol for Metadata Harvesting ( OAI-PMH ) .	Plur
when Rajgir will become a district .	Plur
This was due to the offensive preconceptions against deaf people made in an attempt to remove certain cultural aspects of the deaf community .	Plur
Club Deportivo Portugués ( usually called Portugués ) was a professional football club and the club has won four First Division titles in the professional era .	Plur
SDM assumes that the address patterns actually describing physical situations of interest are " sparsely " scattered throughout the input space .	Plur
As a result , many unrecognised leakages in the networks occurred which led to the necessity of rehabilitation and construction of new facilities .	Plur
On 29 April 2017 , the PDC decided not to participate in a New Majority primary , breaking away from the coalition after 28 years .	Plur
Fuzzy extractors are a method that allows to use biometric data as inputs to standard cryptographic techniques for biometric security .	Plur
Fuzzy extractors are a biometric tool that allows to authenticate a user using for the key a biometric template constructed from his biometric data .	Plur
Strong extractors can extract at most formula _ 48 bits from an arbitrary formula _ 49-source .	Plur
Strong extractors are a special case of fuzzy extractors when formula _ 81 = 0 and formula _ 82 .	Plur
So Fuzzy extractors output almost uniform random sequences of bits which are a prerequisite for using cryptographic applications ( as secret keys ) .	Plur
Robust fuzzy extractors solve this problem by allowing the reproduce function to fail , if a modified helper string is provided as input .	Plur
Basque Uruguayans are citizens of Uruguay who are of Basque ancestry .	Plur
The underclassmen , joined by Will , sing " In My Life " to express their gratitude to the seniors .	Plur
Semmes was the founder of 1-800-Flowers , a floral retailer , gift and distribution company in the United States .	Plur
Her season average , RBIs , home runs and career-best slugging percentage were and are top-10 school records .	Plur
Finally , the RBIs ( second best ) , home runs and runs scored were and are top-10 all-time NCAA season records .	Plur
From the mid-1950s on Hartman was particularly active in attempts to rehabilitate and provide for veterans of the Eastern Front .	Plur
These common glycosides include digitoxigenin , gitoxigenin , digoxigenin , gitaloxigenin , and diginatigenin .	Plur
The prickles are straight and can grow up to a length of 13 mm .	Plur
Leaflets are lanceolate or ovate , 1 to 4 cm long , Stipules are often deciduous , and mostly setaceous .	Plur
The heifers died due to consumption of " Juncus phaeocephalus " plants .	Plur
Ipomoea arborescens , the tree morning glory , is a flowering plant coming from the family Convolvulaceae .	Plur
" Ipomoea arborescens " is a deciduous caudiciform tree , it requires full sun and grows best in tropical conditions .	Plur
Prairie sunflowers require dry to moist soil .	Plur
" australis " racemes are normal flowered that often greatly exceeds the leaves .	Plur
The first " Afrikaans " musical playing at the Teatro .	Plur
These sponges usually form encrustations on rock surfaces .	Plur
And Mads connects with a mysterious new guy in town who brings a whole new level of secrets with him .	Plur
Many lifeboats overturned while loading or lowering , spilling passengers into the sea ; others were overturned by the ship 's motion when they hit the water .	Plur
Two lifeboats on the port side cleared the ship as well .	Plur
Lepers were people who were historically shunned because they had an infectious disease , and the term " leper " still evokes social stigma .	Plur
The Dardanelles ( ; , ) , also known from Classical Antiquity as the Hellespont	Plur
The Dardanelles is long , and wide , averaging deep with a maximum depth of at its narrowest point abreast the city of Çanakkale .	Plur
Together with the Bosphorus , the Dardanelles forms the Turkish Straits .	Plur
The English name " Dardanelles " is an abbreviation of " Strait of the Dardanelles " .	Plur
The Dardanelles is unique in many respects .	Plur
The Dardanelles were vital to the defence of Constantinople during the Byzantine period .	Plur
The Dardanelles continued to constitute an important waterway under the reign of the Ottoman Empire , starting with the conquest of Gallipoli in 1354 .	Plur
In more recent years , the Turkish Straits have become particularly important for the oil industry .	Plur
Leftist filmmakers Joris Ivens and Henri Storck directed " Borinage " ( 1931 ) about the Belgian coal mining region .	Plur
Performative docs often link up personal accounts or experiences with larger political or historical realities .	Plur
LucasArts had gradually modified the engine since its creation .	Plur
Syncopated breakbeats remain the most distinctive element as without these a high-tempo 4 / 4 dance track could be classified as techno or gabber .	Plur
MCs do not generally receive the same level of recognition as producer / DJs and some events are specifically marketed as being MC free .	Plur
Spanish pesos – having the same weight and shape – came to be known as " Spanish " dollars .	Plur
Dysprosium – cadmium chalcogenides are sources of infrared radiation , which is useful for studying chemical reactions .	Plur
There are many different Egyptian hieroglyphs that might have inspired this .	Plur
Dose can also mean quantity ( in units of number / area ) in the fields of Surface science and Ion implantation .	Plur
The new Dilbert animations are animated versions of original comic strips produced by RingTales and animated by Powerhouse Animation Studios .	Plur
Digitalis ( or ) is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous perennials , shrubs , and biennials commonly called foxgloves .	Plur
Neuronal dendrites have various compartments known as functional units that are able to compute incoming stimuli .	Plur
Solicitors quantify personal injury claims by reference to previous awards made by the courts which are " similar " to the case in hand .	Plur
Solicitors will consider " like for like " injuries with the case in hand and similar cases decided by the courts previously .	Plur
The Anglo-Saxons referred to December – January as Ġēolamonaþ ( modern English : " Yule month " ) .	Plur
First-order linear non-homogeneous ODEs ( ordinary differential equations ) are not separable .	Plur
APS or Aps or aps or similar may refer to :	Plur
Her 2011 " White Diamond " knickers featured a 0.1 carat diamond and received significant press coverage due to the £ 232 price .	Plur
In April 1920 , Vats joined the Archaeological Survey of India .	Plur
Vats began his term by deciphering newly discovered inscriptions at Karle .	Plur
Shortly after retirements , Vats published the results of their excavations .	Plur
The following 17 Dramas received multiple nominations :	Plur
After clearing the village of zombies , the quartet commandeers a truck to take them to Berlin .	Plur
" Penicillium canescens " produces the antibiotic canescin .	Plur
