The plural imperative uses the " ustedes " form ( i. e. the third person plural subjunctive , as corresponding to " ellos " ) .	Sing
But , in the subjunctive mood , the present perfect is still widely used :	Sing
The Roman polis , in addition , is the one society in the ancient world which most modeled itself on the Spartan military ethos .	Plur
Tarentum was also a Doric state , a colony in Magna Graecia .	Sing
Nilsson thought that his early albums already sounded a bit dated by 1971 .	Sing
Reviewer Stephen Thomas Erlewine , on allmusic.com , describes the result as " just old tunes presented in slightly new , slightly off-putting ways . "	Sing
Lavoisier is a lunar impact crater that is located near the northwestern limb of the Moon , at the western edge of the Oceanus Procellarum .	Sing
Lavoisier F is a distorted crater that shares a common rim along the southeastern side of Lavoisier .	Sing
There are also several rilles marking the interior surface , particularly along the outer edges .	Plur
The total diameter of this formation is 107 km .	Sing
The early Chinese war wagon became the basis of technologies for the making of ancient Chinese south-pointing chariots .	Sing
No ancient chariots still exist , but many extant ancient Chinese texts mention them , saying they were used intermittently until about 1300 CE .	Plur
The pointing doll was connected ( possibly through intermediate gears ) to Shaft A .	Sing
The doll turned in opposite directions depending on which road wheel was connected to it , so its rotation compensated for the chariot turning left or right .	Sing
The chariots of Yan Su and Wu Deren appear to have used this type of mechanism .	Plur
The charioteer could have kept the stationary wheel from turning by controlling the horses appropriately .	Sing
Also , the chariot would have been slow and awkward to turn .	Sing
Wu Deren 's chariot also appears to have been designed to work this way .	Sing
Unless he did this correctly , the pointing doll would not have kept aiming to the south .	Sing
Some south-pointing chariots may not have been purely mechanical devices .	Plur
The only chariots that might not have needed non-mechanical methods of finding the south would have been those that were never used for long-distance navigation .	Plur
Both TSE and JCE are autonomous institutions .	Sing
East Timor elects on national level a head of state - the president - and a legislature .	Sing
Ecuador elects on national level a head of state , ( a president ) , and a legislature .	Plur
Nilsson Schmilsson is the seventh album by American singer Harry Nilsson , released by RCA Records in November 1971 .	Sing
Compounds extracted from the leaves showed anti-diabetic , antioxidant and hypocholesterolemic ( cholesterol-lowering ) effects in rats .	Plur
Synonyms of this species include :	Plur
Ulugh Beigh is the remnant of a lunar impact crater that is located just to the west of the Oceanus Procellarum .	Sing
Ulugh Beigh D lies across the southern part of the floor , and a smaller crater along the western rim shares a common floor with Ulugh Beigh .	Sing
At Mount Vernon , the parkway begins at a traffic circle , where it joins / leaves SR 235 .	Sing
The MOA gave the federal government a permanent and irrevocable easement over Washington Street .	Sing
The BPR seized on the idea in the 1920s as a means of demonstrating the latest highway construction technology .	Sing
The BPR said a highway along the existing ridge-top route would cost $ 890,000 to $ 1.2 million ( and it recommended the latter ) .	Sing
But in May 1926 , the BPR issued a draft report in which it still favored the ridge-top route .	Sing
The parkway also administers other National Park Service features and areas in the vicinity .	Sing
The parkways on the two sides of the river were originally supposed to be joined by a bridge at the Great Falls of the Potomac River .	Plur
Godiva Chocolatier ( pronounced " guh-DIE-va " ) is a Belgian manufacturer of chocolates and related products .	Sing
Godiva owns and operates more than 600 shops in the United States , Canada , Europe , and Asia and is available via over 10,000 speciality retailers .	Sing
By 2007 , Godiva had annual sales of approximately $ 500 million .	Sing
Godiva continues to own and operate more than 450 shops worldwide .	Sing
Godiva opened ( May 2012 ) Café Godiva in London 's Harrods department store .	Sing
Godiva is a participating member of the World Cocoa Foundation and Cocoa Horizons Foundation .	Sing
In 2016 , Godiva celebrated its 90th anniversary and opened its 100th store in China .	Sing
In 2018 , Godiva opened its first café in Brussels , the birthplace of the brand .	Sing
In February 2018 , Godiva took out a full-page ad in the Nihon Keizai Shimbun financial newspaper , suggesting the retirement of the giri choco practice .	Sing
Godiva has been involved in the controversy over chocolate manufactures use of child labor in the production of chocolate .	Sing
In 2016 , Godiva had approximately 650 retail stores throughout the world .	Sing
Godiva was a great woman who challenged her husband to stop the terrible things that were happening to the people .	Sing
The short hip-length jacket worn for review order was of a style abandoned by regular hussar regiments after the Crimean War .	Sing
On less formal occasions a dark green " frock " tunic with chain mail epaulettes and green peaked caps with yellow bands was worn .	Sing
The Hire and Riccioli were reluctant .	Sing
Provand 's Lordship in Glasgow also displays some of his collection of 17th century Scottish furniture .	Sing
Wallis and Futuna elects on territorial level a legislature .	Sing
Wallis and Futuna elects one senator to the French Senate and one deputy to the French National Assembly .	Sing
Wallis and Futuna participates in the Franc Zone , and Secretariat of the Pacific Community .	Sing
Eastlake died in Pisa , Italy , on Christmas Eve 1865 , and is buried at Kensal Green Cemetery , London .	Sing
French Polynesia elects the Assembly of French Polynesia ( " Assemblée de la Polynésie française " ) , the unicameral legislature on the territorial level .	Sing
The Assembly of French Polynesia has 57 members , elected for a five-year term by proportional representation in multi-seat constituencies .	Sing
Pug quickly recognizes — through his work as the attaché — that Nazi Germany is intent on invading Poland .	Sing
Pug submits a report back to Washington — going over his supervisor 's head — which predicts the Nazi – Soviet non-aggression pact before it is signed .	Sing
Finally , they are in Warsaw as the Germans begin the siege and are evacuated along with other Americans and citizens of neutral countries .	Sing
The OSCE has observed the elections .	Sing
The OSCE criticised the 2011 presidential election , citing a lack of press freedom , transparency and competition .	Sing
In the 1990s , there was a large pallet of comics magazine .	Sing
After two singles , " Dance Tonight " and " Don 't Mess with My Man " , Dawn Robinson left and was replaced by Joi .	Sing
NPC has an open admissions policy .	Sing
The Maul Camera Rocket was a rocket for aerial photography developed by Alfred Maul 's company from 1903 to 1912 .	Sing
BP and Gulf were able to obtain the Kuwaiti oil at very favourable terms for sale via their downstream networks in Europe and adjoining areas .	Sing
During this time , Gulf would claim that it had a " special relationship " with Kuwait .	Sing
The first hymn sung was " The Church 's One Foundation " .	Sing
Rt Rev Ernest Reed , Bishop of Ottawa dedicated the new organ in St Matthew 's Church on Sept 22 , 1957 .	Sing
The preacher was Canon Walter Loucks , then rector of Holy Trinity , Toronto .	Sing
In 2009 , GameSpot chose him as one of the 64 characters to compete in their poll for the title " All Time Greatest Game Hero " .	Sing
The Sahara once had a very different environment .	Sing
In Libya and Algeria , from at least 7000 BC , there was pastoralism , the herding of sheep , goats , large settlements , and pottery .	Sing
As a desert , Sahara is now a hostile expanse that separates the Mediterranean economy from the economy of the Niger basin .	Sing
The herdsmen of the Fezzan of Libya , known as the Garamantes , controlled these routes as early as 1500 BC .	Plur
Shillington states that existing contact with the Mediterranean received added incentive with the growth of the port city of Carthage .	Sing
Shillington proceeds to identify this trade route as the source for West African iron smelting .	Sing
However , the major blow to trans-Saharan trade was the Battle of Tondibi of 1591 – 92 .	Sing
Morocco sent troops across the Sahara and attacked Timbuktu , Gao and some other important trading centres , destroying buildings and property and exiling prominent citizens .	Sing
Viper Dart is an American sounding rocket originally developed in 1972 .	Sing
The PWN-12A dart is the non-propulsive second stage that contains a ROBINSphere ( Radar OBservable INflation Sphere ) .	Sing
Efik proper has national status in Nigeria and is the literary standard of the Efik languages , though Ibibio proper has more native speakers .	Sing
Tiberio Mitri ( 12 July 1926 in Trieste – 12 February 2001 in Rome ) was an Italian boxer who fought from 1946 to 1957 .	Sing
LaMotta viewed any taking of chances as unnecessary , e.g .	Sing
Viper Falcon is the designation of an American sounding rocket .	Sing
As such , there are many different possible effectors when compared to allosteric systems of regulation .	Plur
Insulin has an antagonistic effect to epinephrine signaling via the beta-adrenergic receptor ( G-Protein coupled receptor ) .	Sing
In 1945 , the USS " Higbee " became the first fighting ship to be named after a woman in the service .	Sing
Notables included Ernest Hemingway who worked on For Whom the Bell Tolls in room No .	Plur
In the novel , Blackwell is an only child who grows up in a Democratic family .	Sing
As a high school student , Blackwell kills a friend in an auto accident .	Sing
Unlike the latex used to produce natural rubber , the EUG is the polymer trans-1,4-polyisoprene .	Sing
" Fasti " is the plural of the Latin adjective " fastus " , most commonly used as a substantive .	Sing
The AUC chronology does not exactly correspond ; it is later than the Varronian by a year .	Sing
Varro 's AUC 1 therefore was 754 / 753 BC .	Sing
The further identifications of Ulpius and Pontianus remain a mystery , as they are only named by Censorinus , but the names are irrelevant to the argument .	Plur
The AGM-80 Viper was an air-to-surface missile developed by the Chrysler Corporation Missile Division in the 1960s for use by the United States Air Force .	Sing
" 12 " vinyl , Cassette and CD the same as 1989 releases "	Sing
Claydon Deanery is part of the Archdeaconry of Buckingham within the Diocese of Oxford , England .	Sing
The deanery also includes eight Church of England schools .	Sing
Sherry mistakenly believes that her old boyfriend is her secret admirer , and Drew attempts to contact her in her dreams .	Sing
Murdoch fends off a special investigator who 's on the trail of vampires .	Plur
The withering , a period of vampire cellular regeneration , causes Essie to age at an alarming rate .	Sing
Meanwhile , Merrill searches for her lost pet rat .	Sing
Merrill has a psychic premonition of her own death .	Sing
Marty puts a love spell on Essie , but it may endanger his life .	Sing
Meanwhile , Merrill gives Drew a book about vampires finding love .	Sing
Meanwhile , Sherry helps Mimi struggle with being accused of cheating on a test .	Sing
Meanwhile , Merrill and Essie investigate the new Day School girl , Dillan , and try to determine what her story is .	Sing
Merrill must find a way to accept her dark side ; otherwise she could lose her fight to humanity .	Sing
The cliffhanger at the end of the series leaves a feeling of being incomplete .	Sing
Hevea is a genus of flowering plants in the spurge family , Euphorbiaceae , with about ten members .	Sing
His first career sack came on Cleveland Browns quarterback Tim Couch on September 12 , when he also forced a fumble on the play .	Sing
Persis Khambatta ( 2 October 1948 – 18 August 1998 ) was an Indian model , actress and author .	Sing
Kapustin Yar ( ) is a Russian rocket launch and development site in Astrakhan Oblast , between Volgograd and Astrakhan .	Sing
As of 1959 Kapustin Yar was the only publicly known Soviet missile test range .	Sing
From 1947 to 1957 , Kapustin Yar was the only place to test Soviet ballistic missiles .	Sing
On March 16 , 1962 , Kapustin Yar became cosmodrome : Cosmos-1 satellite was launched ” .	Sing
Christian Brevoort Zabriskie ( October 16 , 1864 – February 8 , 1936 ) was an American businessman and vice president of Pacific Coast Borax Company .	Sing
" Borax " Smith hired him to supervise several hundred Chinese laborers at the Columbus Marsh area of the Pacific Coast Borax Company near Candelaria .	Sing
Pace started 154 games with the St. Louis Rams and Chicago Bears , with whom he played the final season of his career in 2009 .	Sing
Pace also lined up at defensive tackle during some goal line situations during his junior year at Ohio State .	Sing
Pace did not allow a sack in his last two years at Ohio State .	Sing
After a three-week holdout , on August 15 , 1997 , Pace signed a seven-year $ 29.4 million contract that included a $ 6.3 million signing bonus .	Sing
Pace played 13 games during the 1997 season , his rookie year .	Sing
In 1998 , Pace started 16 games at the left tackle position and was named Pro Bowl alternate .	Sing
In the 1999 season , Pace played in 896 of 994 offensive plays and was selected to his first Pro Bowl .	Sing
Pace was also a First-team All-Pro for the Super Bowl winning Rams .	Sing
In the 2000 season , Pace earned second consecutive Pro Bowl invitation , starting all 16 regular season games and 1 playoff game .	Sing
Pace was one of three Rams ' offensive linemen ( C Andy McCollum , RT Ryan Tucker ) who were not penalized for holding .	Sing
In 2001 , Pace started every game for the fourth consecutive season .	Sing
Pace had a lengthy holdout by reporting to camp on August 26 , 2003 , and signing a one-year deal as the Rams franchise player .	Sing
On September 5 , 2004 , Pace ended another holdout and signed the Rams ' $ 7.02 million offer .	Sing
Pace went on to start all 16 regular season games at left tackle and both playoff games .	Sing
Pace helped Rams convert 13-of-16 fourth down attempts , second highest fourth-down conversion percentage in the NFL ( 68.4 % ) .	Sing
Pace was a free agent in 2005 and explored the possibility of signing with another team .	Sing
However , the day before a deadline , the Pace accepted a seven-year , $ 52.9 million deal .	Sing
Pace signed a three-year $ 15 million deal ( with $ 6.1 million guaranteed ) , with the Chicago Bears on April 2 , 2009 .	Sing
Pace liked to make appearances at his restaurant , occasionally signing autographs for his hometown fans .	Sing
Pace was a finalist in the 2015 Hall of Fame induction class and his second year of eligibility has made the final 15 .	Sing
The Depot and Training Regiment RCT was at Buller Barracks in Aldershot .	Sing
The RCT became responsible for transport whilst supplies became the responsibility of the Royal Army Ordnance Corps .	Sing
and Belvedere play home games in the park .	Sing
The c-ANCA antigen is specifically proteinase 3 ( PR3 ) .	Sing
p-ANCA antigens include myeloperoxidase ( MPO ) and bacterial permeability increasing factor ( BPI ) .	Plur
Other antigens exist for c-ANCA ( atypical ) , however many are as yet unknown .	Plur
The most common antigens used on an ELISA microtitre plate are MPO and PR3 , which are usually tested for after a positive IF test .	Plur
Aberrant glycosylation of the MPO and PR3 specific ANCA enhances their ability to interact with activating Fc receptors on neutrophils .	Sing
The activated neutrophils can then adhere to endothelial cells where degranulation occurs .	Plur
In 2008 , Kosovo declared independence from Serbia and became a FIBA member in 2015 .	Sing
Another P.D. , Gary Lee Fazekas , took a job at KFMR and was joined by yet another P.D. , Ken Mensing .	Sing
Rock Dibble joined Capitol Records .	Sing
Ric Curtice went to KOME as an on-air personality and then on to MCA Records .	Sing
The escapade was the result of a competition between Bay Area radio stations .	Sing
In 1971 Mohiuddin Jahangir was working at the construction field at Karakoram .	Sing
On 13 December Mohiuddin Jahangir divided his force into three groups in order to attack enemy camps at Chapai Nababganj and Rajshahi .	Sing
However , then Ruddy " decided I didn 't want to do another " Dogs of War " type movie .	Sing
" We use high technology weapons of the most advance design , " said Bostwick .	Sing
Fokin graduated from National Mining University of Ukraine in Dnipropetrovsk .	Sing
Fokin was one of the drafters and signers of the Belavezha Accords that effectively ended the Soviet Union and founded the Commonwealth of Independent States .	Sing
" R-1 " got underway with Submarine Squadron 3 , Division 42 on 10 December for the Panama Canal Zone .	Sing
USS " R-2 " ( SS-79 ) was an " R " -class coastal and harbor defense submarine of the United States Navy .	Sing
On July 10 , 1991 , the LTTE launched a massive attack at Elephant Pass .	Sing
The LTTE had previously surrounded the base and blocked off routes north and south so no reinforcements could come in .	Sing
Also , at the beginning of July the LTTE moved anti-aircraft guns close to the base so no helicopters could bring in supplies .	Sing
As dusk fell the LTTE launched several attacks with hundreds of fighters and surrounded the army 's fortifications .	Sing
16 Lyrae ( 16 Lyr ) is a 5th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra , approximately 128 light years away from Earth .	Sing
Habib Bourgiba was the first president of the Socialist Destourian Party 1964 – 1987 .	Sing
In 2014 , his son Protectionist also won the Melbourne Cup .	Sing
Marigold IceUnity are a senior-level synchronized skating team from Helsinki , Finland , representing the figure skating club Helsingin Luistelijat .	Sing
Day-Lewis is a surname , and may refer to :	Sing
Hakeem Olajuwon won the league 's Most Valuable Player award , ahead of David Robinson of the San Antonio Spurs and Scottie Pippen of the Chicago Bulls .	Sing
Olajuwon was the only player of the 1985 – 86 Rockets to still be on the 1993 – 94 team .	Sing
Virginie Despentes wrote the book 's preface .	Sing
Caterpillar or Caterpillars may also refer to :	Sing
Olajuwon also joined Jordan as the only two players to win the award consecutively as of that time .	Sing
This heuristic , or ' rule of thumb ' procedure minimises the effect of the bottleneck .	Sing
A precedence constraint in this context is when one machine must be used before another machine on any given job ( or patient ) .	Sing
Once all of this is determined , the minimum lateness for each machine needs to be determined .	Sing
Starvation Reservoir provides an average of approximately of water annually to irrigators to replace water diverted in the Strawberry Aqueduct and Collection System to Strawberry Reservoir .	Sing
A Lease of Power Privilege is a partnership among public and private entities to provide for the non-federal generation of power on Reclamation facilities .	Sing
The -long conduit will convey Bonneville Unit water and Strawberry Valley Project water to the mouth of Diamond Fork Canyon .	Sing
The proposed Sixth Water Powerplant will have a capacity of 45 MWh and the proposed Upper Diamond Fork Powerplant will have a capacity of 5 MWh .	Sing
In the 1990s , Reclamation discovered that irrigation drains constructed as part of the project were delivering unacceptable levels of selenium to Stewart Lake .	Sing
The Thornburgh Diversion Dam diverts water from Ashley Creek and conveys it eastward to the Steinaker Reservoir by the Steinaker Feeder Canal .	Sing
Hailstone is a large campground and day-use area on the west side of the reservoir .	Sing
Currant Creek Reservoir is a high-elevation lake within a forest setting .	Sing
Kani went on to appear as the lead on " Kowethu " , a SABC 1 drama directed by Rolie Nikiwe .	Sing
Other embellishments included elaborate scroll paintings , this was especially popular around the start of the 20th century .	Plur
The canopy of a showman 's engine extends forward of the chimney to protect the dynamo from rain ingress .	Sing
This extra dynamo helped to start the heavy new scenic rides .	Sing
Foden 's were probably the most popular choice , Burrell 's only ever sold one wagon specifically built for a showman : no .	Sing
Smathers attended the University of Florida 's school of law and served as student body president .	Plur
However , two minutes into injury time , Morné Steyn scored a 52-metre penalty kick to win the match 28 – 25 .	Sing
Most widespread burgher heraldry was and still is in Switzerland and in the Netherlands .	Sing
On the death of his father in 1808 , Trubshaw started a building business in Stone ; an early commission was to build Ashcombe Hall .	Sing
In 1827 , Trubshaw became a member of the Institution of Civil Engineers , and presented several papers there .	Sing
Trubshaw pioneered a method which involved no " wonderful machining or secret inventions " and was described in the " Architectural Magazine " of 1836 :	Sing
Trubshaw 's work accords with modern conservation principles as it was invisible , used the minimum intervention required and could be reversed or repeated if necessary .	Plur
Retrospective may also refer to :	Sing
A Retrospective may refer to :	Sing
A cluster then satisfies two properties :	Sing
Every parameter influences the algorithm in specific ways .	Sing
Generalized DBSCAN ( GDBSCAN ) is a generalization by the same authors to arbitrary " neighborhood " and " dense " predicates .	Sing
Cronin began his professional career pitching in two games for the Hartford Bluebirds of the Connecticut State League in July 1895 .	Sing
Brush signed Seymour and Kelley to the Reds .	Sing
Cronin pitched for the Superbas in 1904 .	Sing
In 1912 , Cronin pitched for Reading of the outlaw United States Baseball League .	Sing
In 1992 Soviet dissident Vladimir Bukovsky worked in the archive and secretly scanned copies of some documents .	Sing
The Tazlăul Sărat is a right tributary of the river Tazlău in Romania .	Sing
On April 27 , 1996 , the Liga Futsal started .	Sing
The icehouse is a cylindrical stone structure , built for the Elkinses to house ice used for refrigeration .	Sing
The basidia each have four spore .	Sing
Hawes grew up in Gloucestershire , Edinburgh and Shropshire .	Plur
Hawes has published six novels , two of which he has adapted as screenplays for movie productions .	Sing
Among his former students there are Kit de Waal ( " My Name is Leon " ) and Catherine Chanter ( " The Well " ) .	Sing
Nanai played on the wing or in the centres .	Sing
Nanai was a graduate of Westfields Sports High School located in Fairfield West .	Sing
Westfields is a sports school that has produced players such as Jarryd Hayne , Liam Fulton , Krisnan Inu , Luke O 'Donnell and Mark Minichiello .	Sing
Nanai made his debut for Canterbury against the Sydney Roosters in Round 16 of the NRL season on 2 July 2007 .	Sing
Nanai scored his first try in Round 19 against the Gold Coast Titans .	Sing
Nanai then played in the Bundaberg Red Cup for Saint Johns Eagles effectivley 3rd grade .	Sing
In 2014 , Nanai played the majority of the season for the Auburn Warriors in the Ron Massey Cup	Sing
Roselli introduced Maheu to two men he referred to as " Sam Gold " and " Joe . "	Sing
Each oven is roughly in diameter and high , with an exterior shell of hand-cut stone .	Sing
The ovens here are among more than 400 that Elkins and Davis built throughout coal country .	Plur
The molecule is not intrinsically unstable , but it tends to polymerize .	Sing
Spyridon Vasileiadis ( ; 6 December 1845 – 30 August 1874 ) was a Greek poet and playwright .	Sing
On the roof of the building , there is a damper , which was designed to reduce vibrations resulting from earthquakes by 20 % .	Sing
Leal has a dynamic vocal range and is a great dancer .	Sing
17 Lyrae is a multiple star system in the constellation Lyra , approximately 136 light years away from Earth .	Sing
The Southworth – Vashon – Fauntleroy ferry carried 2.886 million passengers and 1.674 million vehicles in 2012 , according to WSF statistics .	Sing
Amund Svensson , born April 21 , 1978 , is a Norwegian musician and composer .	Sing
When he called Vance to obtain his royalties for the first album , Vance refused to pay up unless Dante recorded a second album .	Sing
Rousse began dancing in Barre , Vermont .	Sing
" Jonah is funny , " Flannery wrote , " but his situation is not . "	Sing
Block Utilization is a measure of the use of operating room time by a surgeon or group of surgeons to whom time has been allocated .	Sing
Its economical efficacy has yet to be validated by formal studies .	Sing
Staffing is not only an OR efficiency issue , but a staff satisfaction issue .	Sing
Start-time tardiness is the mean tardiness of start times for elective cases per OR per day .	Sing
Bias indicates whether the estimate is consistently too high or consistently too low , and precision reflects the magnitudes of the errors of the estimates .	Sing
Poor scheduling is often the cause of lost OR time .	Sing
Reduction in turnover time ( patient exists operating room until next patient enters operating room ) requires all individuals in the surgical suite to work together .	Sing
The bridge pick-up was always on , and the neck pickup could be fed in to taste using the blend pot .	Sing
Wallis & Steevens of Basingstoke , Hampshire , England produced agricultural equipment , traction engines and steam and diesel road rollers .	Sing
Until 2000 , Jaraguá did not participate in the Liga Futsal .	Sing
Miniopterus , known as the bent-winged or long winged bats , is the sole genus of the family Miniopteridae .	Sing
Effective July 23 , 2018 , TBTA Ministries closed on the purchase of the then-WHPH from Great South Wireless for $ 525,000 .	Sing
Sargent Perry " Sadie " Houck ( March 1856 – May 26 , 1919 ) was a professional baseball player from 1879 to 1888 .	Sing
Houck had a career batting average of .250 and ranked fourth in the National League with 35 extra base hits as a rookie in 1879 .	Sing
Houck made his major league debut in May 1879 with the Boston Red Caps , splitting his playing time between the outfield and shortstop .	Sing
Houck began the 1880 season with Boston , but played most of the season with the Providence Grays .	Sing
In 1881 , Houck signed with the Detroit Wolverines in their first season in the National League .	Sing
Houck raised his batting average to .279 with 16 doubles , 6 triples , a home run , and 36 RBIs in 75 games .	Sing
As a result of his inclusion on the " blacklist " , Houck did not play in organized baseball during the 1882 season .	Sing
Houck played all 101 games at shortstop for Detroit in 1883 .	Sing
His 12 triples also ranked seventh in the league .	Plur
Late in the 1888 season , Houck had a final major league stint with the New York Metropolitans .	Sing
Houck died in Washington , D.C. , in 1919 at age 63 .	Sing
The nocturne is among the works of Chopin orchestrated in the ballet " Les Sylphides " .	Sing
To some , these nocturnes are not as impressive as their predecessors , the Nocturnes , Op .	Plur
Argonaut was also developing a version for the unreleased Super NES CD-ROM upgrade .	Sing
Lugo is the older brother of baseball pitcher Ruddy Lugo .	Sing
Lugo attended Fort Hamilton High School in Brooklyn , New York , where he batted .350 .	Sing
Lugo starred at Connors State College in Warner , Oklahoma	Sing
On December 5 , 2006 , Lugo signed a four-year , $ 36 million contract with the Boston Red Sox .	Sing
After the first week of July 2007 , Lugo turned his hitting performance around , compiling a 14-game hitting streak on July 25 , 2007 .	Sing
Upon his return , Lugo got off to a slow start and was on a day-to-day playing rotation with fellow shortstop Nick Green .	Sing
Lugo signed a minor league contract with the Atlanta Braves on May 23 , 2011 .	Sing
As the Braves were celebrating , Clint Hurdle argued the call .	Sing
On January 21 , 2012 , Lugo agreed to a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians with an invitation to Spring training .	Sing
Lugo came out of retirement and played for the Peoria Explorers of the independent Freedom Pro League in 2013 .	Sing
Lugo and his wife Mabely have two sons : Josmael Aquiles and Julio Alejandro .	Sing
In 2008 , Fat Cat asked Daniels to do additional recording and remix Frightened Rabbit 's " It 's Christmas So We 'll Stop " .	Sing
Belton later provided a strong Catholic voice in an Irish nationalist context throughout his career .	Sing
Belton took part in the 1916 Easter Rising .	Sing
At the time of his dismissal from Fianna Fáil , Belton had been a TD for only six weeks .	Sing
The ICF held its initial meeting at the Mansion House in Dublin on 31 August 1936 .	Sing
Belton became the organisation 's president .	Sing
In November 1936 , Belton travelled to Spain to arrange for a shipment of medical supplies to be purchased with funds raised from church-gate collections .	Sing
However Belton , a supporter of nationalist Spain , claimed that the important battle was to be fought at home and not abroad .	Sing
The ICF would dwindle following Belton 's loss in the 1937 general election .	Sing
Toney toured England a few times during the 1960s , brought to England by agents Henry Sellers and Danny O`Donavan .	Plur
After their first rehearsal at the Q club in Paddington Oscar said to Sellers " you said they were good but not that good " .	Sing
When she died in 1719 , the sixth Lord Fairfax came to control all six shares of the proprietary .	Sing
In 1735 Lord Fairfax came to Virginia to see about a survey to settle the matter .	Sing
Araucaria cunninghamii , also known as the hoop pine is very common in the area .	Sing
By the 1850s , loggers had moved into the area due to abundant timber provided by the hoop pine .	Plur
Rich Balling ( also known as R. Loren or Rich Loren ) is an American musician , producer , and curator .	Sing
Balling became heavily influenced by the art of found poetry through his work with the Revolution on Canvas book series .	Sing
In 2010 , Balling founded two more bands , again recording as R. Loren : Sailors With Wax Wings , and White Moth .	Sing
In February 2011 , Balling started a boutique record label called Handmade Birds .	Sing
Tchaikovsky started work on the piece in September 1890 , but did not finish it until close to the premiere over a year later .	Sing
Later , Tchaikovsky wrote to his publisher P. Jurgenson , " I do not regret " The Voyevoda " - it 's got what it deserved .	Sing
The Taça Brasil de Futsal ( Portuguese for " Brazil Futsal Trophy " ) is a Brazilian futsal championship .	Sing
The Taça Brasil is one of the most traditional Brazilian Futsal Confederation ( CBFS ) competitions .	Sing
Gubin Do ( Serbian Cyrillic : Губин До ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .	Sing
Carell also wrote the second season finale " Casino Night " .	Sing
At the elections to the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996 , Smyth stood in West Belfast , but was unsuccessful in the heavily republican constituency .	Sing
In September 1996 , Smyth announced " I have started my boycott .	Sing
At the 1998 Northern Ireland Assembly election , Smyth stood in Belfast East , but was not elected .	Sing
In 2000 , Smyth quit the DUP after he failed to win the party 's nomination for the Lord Mayoralty .	Sing
Despite his strong opposition to Sinn Féin , Smyth disregarded the DUP 's policy stating that its members should have no contact with the group .	Sing
In 2007 , Smyth spoke out against the DUP 's implementation of the St Andrews Agreement .	Sing
Pind Rahim Shah is a small village near Miani town in Sargodha District , Punjab province , Pakistan .	Sing
Kora is an album by New Zealand band , Kora released in October 22 , 2007 .	Sing
Kamenica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Каменица ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .	Sing
These two priesthoods are in authority today inasmuch as those holding them have not broken their covenants of baptism and ordination .	Plur
" " The term PAS was originally an acronym derived from " publicly available specification " .	Sing
Assimineidae is a family of minute snails with an operculum , gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the superfamily Rissoidae .	Sing
Developer Greenebaum & Rose Associates proposed a dense 1,168-unit mixed use project for a portion of the farm .	Sing
Alexander 's Feast may refer to :	Sing
USS " Aroostook " was a built for the Union Navy during the American Civil War .	Sing
During the ensuing week , " Aroostook " lost her smokestack and suffered other damage .	Sing
" Aroostook " was one of these gunboats , and , after entering Hampton Roads , remained constantly ready for action .	Sing
On 24 April , the new and lightly armored gunboat joined the Union flotilla serving in Hampton Roads .	Sing
" Aroostook " and " Port Royal " labored incessantly for 36 hours before they managed to refloat their stranded flagship which then led them farther upstream .	Sing
" Galena " anchored some 600 yards from the Confederate cannon , and " Monitor " stopped immediately below the flagship .	Sing
The gunboat then dropped 100 yards farther downstream and resumed her shelling .	Sing
The wisdom of this measure became apparent during the Seven Days Campaign late in the month .	Sing
During this period , Beaumont became ill and was relieved in command of " Aroostook " by Lt. Samuel Rhoads Franklin .	Sing
" Aroostook " soon returned to Hong Kong and turned her attention to operations against pirates along the coast of China .	Sing
In the spring of 1869 , the gunboat returned to Japanese waters to protect American citizens endangered by fighting during the Japanese civil war .	Sing
Cass Township is one of twenty-one townships in LaPorte County , Indiana .	Sing
The similarly sized Île Ronde lies 13 kilometres further east .	Sing
Galena Township is one of twenty-one townships in LaPorte County , Indiana .	Sing
Kankakee Township is one of twenty-one townships in LaPorte County , Indiana .	Sing
WKCD ( 90.3 FM " Positive , Encouraging K-LOVE " ) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious format .	Sing
Two of the southern-most establishments were Parowan and Cedar City , led respectively by Stake Presidents William H. Dame and Isaac C. Haight .	Sing
Haight and Dame were , in addition , the senior regional military leaders of the Mormon militia .	Sing
Haight and / or Dame might have been involved in the subsequent ambush of part of the convicts ' party just south of Mountain Meadows .	Sing
As columnist for the Scripps Howard News Service , Mattingly has written " On Religion , " a nationally syndicated column , since the summer of 1988 .	Sing
Scipio Township is one of twenty-one townships in LaPorte County , Indiana .	Sing
Montagne Cocotte is a 771 metre tall mountain peak in Mauritius .	Sing
USS " Kanawha " was a built for the Union Navy during the American Civil War .	Sing
The schooner " Dart " attempted to slip into Mobile from Havana , Cuba , on 1 May but fell prey to this vigilant blockader .	Sing
On 17 May " Kanawha " snared schooner " Hunter " , laden with cotton for Havana , running out of Mobile .	Sing
Bushrod B. Taylor , she forced steamer " Matagorda " aground near Galveston , Texas .	Sing
Rivière Tamarin is a river in southwest Mauritius .	Sing
Minnie B. Smith was an incorporator of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority , the first sorority founded by African-American women .	Sing
Trnava ( ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .	Sing
At the age of 25 , Macias then started working with a wealthy businessman who offered him an opportunity to travel to South America .	Sing
On 23 January 1622 , Macias entered the Dominican Priory of St. Mary Magdalene in Lima .	Plur
Macias was a contemporary of St. Martin de Porres who was in the Priory of Santo Domingo , ( otherwise known as Holy Rosary ) .	Sing
Beggars , disabled people and other disadvantaged people were commonplace throughout Lima where they flocked to him at the monastery gates for counsel and comfort .	Plur
Macias , however , expressed a greater desire to spend more time in contemplative solitude rather than engage in conversational activities with others .	Sing
The Palmer Expressway , a Turnpike project , would have extended from County Road 709 ( Glades Cut-Off Road ) east to U.S. Route 1 .	Sing
Leeson purchased the station from White River Broadcasting Co . , Inc . February 1 , 2013 .	Sing
Puffer later purchased his own radio station in Wells River , WYKR ( now WTWN ) .	Sing
Hosokawa did research in 2006 / 07 and 2008 / 09 at the Institute for Advanced Study ( Wissenschaftskolleg ) in Berlin .	Sing
Hosokawa has received several awards and honors , including :	Sing
IRCAM has a detailed list of Hosokawa 's works , several are held by the German National Library :	Sing
Rivière du Rempart can refer to several things in Mauritius :	Sing
" Angelica lucida " is generally similar in appearance to other angelicas , with tall , dense umbels of yellowish-white flowers .	Sing
Ehlers is the son of former National Basketball Association player Bulbs Ehlers .	Plur
Plasma and platelet donations require an apheresis machine and so can only be made at eight Donor Centres with these facilities ( all except Manukau ) .	Sing
Rivière des Créoles is a river in southeastern Mauritius .	Sing
Gerlach played his football in the back pocket for Essendon although he started his career in the centre .	Sing
On three of those occasions , when the opening act was late showing up , Bey says he was given the opportunity to open the shows .	Sing
In 1976 , Bey produced " The Sunset of Your Love " on the Country Eastern Music label .	Sing
After this , Bey left the music business and wouldn 't sing again for 17 years .	Sing
By 1996 , Bey returned to singing in the Philadelphia area .	Plur
By then , Bey was traveling to the Bay Area in California to perform with guitarist Anthony Paule and other area musicians .	Sing
In July 2018 , Bey signed with Nola Blue Records .	Sing
Rivière du Tombeau is a river in northwestern Mauritius .	Sing
Philanthropy funded the Charles Perkins Centre , a research and education centre that aims to tackle obesity , diabetes and cardiovascular disease .	Sing
Okey was a pacy centreman , winning Essendon 's Best and Fairest award in 1929 .	Sing
Desert prickly pear is a common name for several plants and may refer to :	Sing
Common prickly pear is a common name which may refer to certain species of cactus in the genus " Opuntia " including :	Sing
Coolidge graduated from Tufts College in 1902 and served as a trustee of the school from 1924 to 1944 and from 1953 to 1957 .	Sing
From 1920 to 1922 , Coolidge represented Medford and Winchester in the Massachusetts House of Representatives , where he served as the clerk of the judiciary committee .	Sing
Coolidge served as the mayor of Medford , Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States , from 1923 to 1926 .	Sing
Coolidge died in Concord , Massachusetts in 1957 .	Sing
In 1997 , contemporary jazz saxophonist Boney James did another remake of the song ; it was included on the album titled " Sweet Thing " .	Sing
Blige also performed the song live on the eighteenth season of " Saturday Night Live " on March 13 , 1993 .	Sing
Racer Holstead was the first Commissioner of the Association and laid the groundwork for direction in the early years .	Sing
As times changed , and several member schools transferred to the LHSAA and other organizations , LISA began to lose some of its former prominence .	Sing
Shangri-La is the sixth and most recent studio album by The Blackeyed Susans , released in July 2003 .	Sing
Small Plates is a series of 4 " square letterpress-printed books issued in editions of 100 signed and numbered copies each .	Plur
A parallel but more limited enquiry informed his latest monograph , " Shattering the Myth : Islam beyond Violence " ( 1998 / 2000 ) .	Sing
ι Lyrae , Latinised as Iota Lyrae , is a binary star in the constellation Lyra .	Sing
Linck next served three years in the army of Hanover until she deserted in 1708 .	Sing
Linck claimed to have performed similar acts with women she hired while a soldier .	Sing
Linck , supporting herself by begging and sometimes relocating to seek charitable support , had herself baptized a Catholic and then received baptism as a Lutheran .	Sing
Linck admitted to sodomy on account of having been " deluded by Satan " but denied making Mühlhahn suffer .	Sing
Elastic matching is one of the pattern recognition techniques in computer science .	Sing
After his career in the NFL , Copeland played 1 game for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) in 2001 .	Sing
Leka soon gave up performing for production and arranging work .	Sing
To get the right sound for that song , Leka said he used a hammer to bang directly on the piano keys .	Sing
Leka won many awards including gold records for his hits .	Sing
Leka owned a recording studio called Connecticut Recording , located above a five and dime store on Main Street , Bridgeport .	Sing
Leka later relocated the studio to his home in Sharon .	Sing
Leka died of lung cancer on October 12 , 2011 , at a hospice near his home in Sharon , Connecticut .	Sing
Belarus defeated Germany 5-3 in the 5th Place Game the day before .	Sing
Slovakia has opted out of the tournaments second year despite a fourth-place finish in 2006 .	Sing
Smoke Eaters almost created a massive upset against the defending WJAC champs , but fell short with a 2-1 loss to Canada West .	Plur
Despite being badly out-shot , the KIJHL all-stars kept it close , as Canada East only defeated them by a score of 4-1 .	Plur
Belarus scored with less than three minutes left to force overtime .	Sing
On November 8 , the quarter-finals took place at the WJAC .	Plur
Belarus started taking untimely penalties and Pittsburgh Penguins ' prospect Casey Pierro-Zabotel scored a natural hat trick in only 4 minutes and 2 seconds .	Sing
Jordon Watts scored a second period shorthanded marker to put Canada East up 1-0 .	Sing
Crafts is a native of Tulsa , Oklahoma , where he attended Metro Christian Academy .	Plur
Out of the league , Crafts played the 1996 and 1997 seasons in the World League for the Amsterdam Admirals .	Plur
Crafts is currently an assistant offensive line coach and scheduler at Jacksonville University .	Plur
Piet Sielck ( born 14 November 1964 ) is a power metal guitarist , vocalist and producer .	Sing
As noted by Kaede , Rin 's main virtue is his kindness .	Sing
Rin reluctanly took the blame for it , causing Kaede to hate him during their childhood .	Sing
Rin reluctanly took blame for it , causing Kaede to hate him and wish him dead .	Sing
When she learned the truth of the matter , Kaede resolved to atone for all of her past misdeeds by serving Rin .	Sing
: Asa Shigure is Rin 's friend and senior .	Sing
Additionally , with her young appearance , Primula serves to fill the lolicon niche of the series .	Sing
Primula would not start school until the end of the series .	Sing
While still in the womb , Sia decided to save her sister by allowing her soul to reside inside of her own .	Sing
Rin gives the twin the name , which belonged to his deceased mother .	Sing
Similar to Sia , Nerine has absorbed the spirit of her clone , .	Sing
Itsuki and Mayumi often fight over comments made about Mayumi 's small chest .	Sing
The shorter haired wife of Eustoma .	Sing
Ai was Forbesii 's fiancée in the past .	Sing
" Ai " ( 藍 ) is the Japanese word for " Persicaria tinctoria " , or the Japanese indigo .	Sing
Kaus attended Harvard College and Harvard Law School but has never practiced law .	Sing
Kaus first wrote " Slate " ' s " Chatterbox " column in 1997 but started Kausfiles in 1999 as a private blog .	Sing
In 2007 , Kaus reported from an anonymous source that candidate John Edwards was having an affair with documentarian Rielle Hunter .	Sing
As a result of his 2010 run for the Senate , Kaus left " Slate " and hosted his blog on his campaign website .	Sing
Kaus has identified himself as neoliberal .	Sing
During the 2008 presidential campaign , Kaus endorsed Hillary Clinton for president , while criticizing other Democrats including Barack Obama .	Sing
Midterm Elections Kaus wrote that he hoped the Democrats would fail to take over the U.S. House of Representatives but take the Senate .	Sing
Nevertheless , Kaus declared he still voted for Democrat Jane Harman .	Sing
Kaus has also contributed to radio , making occasional contributions to the Slate / NPR show " Day to Day " .	Sing
Initially Kaus and Wright were the regular participants .	Sing
Kaus linked to his own statement in a February 10 , 2008 blog post with the words , " I can 't believe I said this . "	Sing
Kaus ran as a " Common Sense Democrat , " stating that he did not expect to win , but hoped to raise issues .	Sing
Kaus finished a distant third in the June 8 , 2010 Democratic primary election , with 5.3 % of the total vote ( or 94,298 votes ) .	Sing
Embraer will eventually move most of its Legacy 450 / 500 production in Florida but has not set up a schedule yet .	Sing
The $ 17 million Praetor 500 boosts the fuel capacity of the Legacy 450 from to match the Legacy 500 .	Sing
The Triffids were the previous band of David McComb , who had died in 1999 and was a founding member of The Blackeyed Susans .	Plur
The Triffids were the previous band of David McComb , who had died in 1999 and was a founding member of The Blackeyed Susans .	Plur
Both Gimbel and Fox asserted in print that Lieberman had had no involvement in the creation of the song .	Sing
Cyber Sunday ( 2006 ) was the first annual Cyber Sunday professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .	Sing
At the same time , Cena began a minor feud with Kevin Federline .	Sing
Cena rapped about Federline , but Nitro came out to Federline 's defense and was thrown out of the ring by Cena .	Sing
Cena performed the FU on Federline , after being insulted .	Sing
Cena then joined the brawl , and " SmackDown ! "	Sing
Coachman won in the voting , but was easily defeated by Cena .	Sing
Before the match could start , however , Triple H performed a Pedigree on Edge , meaning he couldn 't officiate .	Sing
The Highlanders gained the advantage , performing stereo Planchas .	Plur
Haas and Viscera took control until Viscera accidentally hit Haas .	Sing
Lita executed a DDT to win the title .	Sing
Flair tagged in Piper , who the Spirit Squad dominated .	Plur
Flair applied the Figure Four Leglock on Mikey but Kenny broke the hold with a Guillotine leg drop on Flair .	Plur
Flair made Mikey submit to the Figure Four Leglock to win the title for his team .	Plur
Cena tried an FU but Booker countered with a DDT .	Sing
Cena performed an FU on Queen Sharmell when she attempted to hit him with a title belt .	Sing
Cena applied the STFU on Booker , but while the referee was tending to Sharmell , Kevin Federline hit Cena with the title belt .	Sing
Shortly after this match , Cena defeated Umaga at New Year 's Revolution 2007 with a roll-up , ending Umaga 's one year undefeated streak .	Sing
Then at the Royal Rumble Cena defeated Umaga again in a Last Man Standing match .	Sing
After the Royal Rumble Cena and Umaga 's feud ended .	Sing
After she won her fourth WWE Women 's Championship , Lita continued her feud with Mickie James .	Sing
Its graduated cast-iron circular supports were quickly dubbed " napkin rings " ( " ronds de serviette " ) .	Plur
The architects Malet and Lang attempted to respect the former aspect , which now had become familiar to Parisians .	Sing
In CDI , a highly coherent beam of x-rays , electrons or other wavelike particle or photon is incident on an object .	Sing
In some cases this constraint may be more restrictive , such as in a periodic support region for a uniformly spaced array of quantum dots .	Sing
In most cases the support constraint imposed is a priori in that it is modified by the researcher based on the evolving image .	Sing
Zuo found that it is possible to start with non-random phases based on a low resolution image from a TEM to improve the final image quality .	Sing
In particular , SOM is the native format used for 32-bit application executables , object code , and shared libraries running under the PA-RISC family of processors .	Sing
FreeTrack uses interpolation with low-frame-rate video devices to improve panning smoothness .	Sing
Higher responsiveness gives a greater feeling of control , but since virtual head motion is amplified , it can also cause it to move unrealistically fast .	Sing
A PlayStation Eye running at the same resolution and frame rate as a TrackIR 4 would be very demanding on a single-core CPU .	Sing
However , modern multi-core CPUs are making this less of an issue .	Plur
Bohemia Interactive 's ARMA 2 is the first game to support the FreeTrack interface and GP Bikes is the first to have exclusive support .	Sing
In 1978 SICA organised the Pijin Literacy Project , as an attempt to use Pijin language as a medium for teaching literacy .	Sing
In August 2000 , SICA organised a National Peace Conference as a reaction to the coup by the Malaita Eagle Force in June .	Sing
More recently , in 2005 , SICA has urged a truth and reconciliation commission be organised before a human rights commission be set up .	Sing
UCCF Drama also won a bronze award at the 2002 National Independence Festival of Creative Arts NIFCA , held in Barbados every November .	Sing
In 1980 , Yukiko Kai died of stomach cancer at the age of 26 .	Sing
An overcoat is an article of clothing .	Sing
Overcoat or overcoats may also refer to :	Sing
Lowery made his first major concert appearance in 1974 , at the San Francisco Blues Festival , and appeared there again in 1976 and 1984 .	Sing
Lowery has released many recordings on diverse record labels , some of which are currently available .	Sing
His book Energy Autonomy was instrumental in the making of the film Die 4 .	Sing
The brighter of the pair , 5th magnitude HD 171301 , is a subgiant star with the spectral type B8IV .	Sing
" Pressure Drop " is a song recorded in 1969 by the Maytals for producer Leslie Kong .	Sing
" Pressure Drop " refers to the barometric pressure .	Sing
But luck left him again at the Second Battle of Winchester when he was wounded once more .	Sing
Not a Chinaman escaped , except forty who were employed by a leading foreign merchant who ransomed their lives at a thousand rubles each .	Sing
In addition to these uniformed robbers , practically every peasant in the region at this time of year becomes a robber on his own account .	Sing
Those firecrackers had tied the tongue of every person in the village and made them our friends .	Plur
Trumpets summoned his entire guard of 300 men .	Plur
There was a great commotion and soon the whole outfit of socalled soldiers was lined up for our inspection and kodak designs .	Sing
Fasano served as Majority Whip under the leadership of Senate Majority Leader Dan Webster .	Sing
From 2010 to 2012 , Fasano served as chair of the Budget Subcommittee on Criminal and Civil Justice Appropriations .	Sing
Once again in the Florida House , Fasano served as chair of the Joint Administrative Procedures Committee .	Sing
Fasano was the youngest of five children .	Sing
Peniston sculpted a bust of Franklin in bronze and covered it with casts of 1,000 keys collected from local schoolchildren .	Sing
Turów ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south-western Poland .	Sing
Ramirez was a 1991 graduate of Mount Dora High School , serving in the National Guard .	Sing
The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 3,232 .	Sing
VTS won the esteemed Tech Museum Award in 2003 .	Sing
VTS supports the building of WireBridges in developing countries .	Sing
I Was a Teenage Faust is a 2002 made-for-television film of an adolescent who sells his soul to the Devil to achieve popularity .	Sing
Goschen was the son of the Hon .	Sing
Rhaphigaster nebulosa , common name mottled shieldbug , is a species of stink bugs in the family Pentatomidae .	Sing
" Rhaphigaster nebulosa " can reach a length of .	Sing
Mend is the debut album by the Scottish band De Rosa .	Sing
Middelburg is a town in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , in the Great Karoo .	Sing
Middelburg is also the birthplace of playwright Athol Fugard .	Sing
The bag usually contains money , sweets , or toys .	Sing
Rodina ( , Motherland ) is a Russian illustrated popular science and history magazine headquartered in Moscow , Russia .	Sing
Inputs used in the calculation are the type of chromophores present , the substituents on the chromophores , and shifts due to the solvent .	Plur
A diene is either homoannular with both double bonds contained in one ring or heteroannular with two double bonds distributed between two rings .	Sing
In the compound on the right , the diene is homoannular with 4 alkyl substituents .	Sing
Surface SHG is possible even for materials which do not exhibit SHG in the bulk .	Sing
At a crystalline interface half of the atomic forces experienced in the bulk crystal are not present which causes changes in the atomic and electronic structures .	Sing
Surface SHG is very useful for monitoring the growth of monolayers on a surface .	Sing
where γ is the polarization angle with γ = 0 corresponding to p-polarized light .	Sing
β can be related to χ through orientational averages .	Sing
Natski 's rump was actually ahead of hers , highlighting her large size .	Sing
Toledo started his career at Campinas in São Paulo state .	Sing
From 1995 the British artist Damien Hirst started a series of spin paintings .	Sing
Chadwick often creates paintings using the spinning technique to introduce the element of chance and questioning the control of the artist .	Sing
In 1937 , Waiouru farmhand Cedric Arthur wrote :	Sing
At the time , Waiouru had a population of 6,000 people , including 600 children .	Sing
Male llamas suffering from this condition become dangerous when this behavior is directed toward humans and they usually have to be euthanised .	Plur
Female llamas can also suffer from berserk llama syndrome but their behavior is usually limited to spitting and difficult handling .	Plur
The Australian International Motor Show ( AIMS ) was an annual auto show held in Australia , alternating between the cities of Sydney and Melbourne .	Sing
Manns left and was replaced by future PJ Harvey drummer Rob Ellis but when Goldsworthy departed in late 1988 the band effectively split .	Sing
Goldsworthy fronted several more bands , including Furnt , Diceman and Mujer 21 ( Band ) .	Sing
The band 's continuing fanbase saw much of their back-catalogue re-issued by Vinyl Japan in the 1990s .	Sing
Krisztián Kenesei ( born 7 January 1977 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian football player .	Sing
The rough whiting , " Sillago nierstraszi " , is a dubious species of coastal marine fish in the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae .	Sing
The rough whiting is a member of the genus " Sillago " , which contain 29 other species .	Sing
Like all sillaginids , the rough whiting has an elongate compressed body profile which tapers toward the small terminal mouth .	Sing
Colebrooke was the son of Sir Thomas Colebrooke , 4th Baronet , and his wife Elizabeth Margaret Richardson , daughter of J. Richardson .	Sing
WGN-TV became the exclusive television broadcaster of White Sox games in 1981 , before WFLD re-obtained broadcast rights the following year .	Sing
After Brickhouse retired , Caray was asked to replace Brickhouse as the Cubs ' lead television announcer .	Sing
The M816 Medium Wrecker is part of the M809 series of 5-ton 6x6 military trucks .	Sing
The front winch has a 20Klb capacity and the rear winch is 45klb capacity .	Sing
Subsequently , Berenson brought together a social circle at Villa I Tatti ' , the Berenson home , and developed its gardens .	Sing
Adarnase Shavliani ( ) was the King of Abkhazia between 880 and 887 .	Sing
This pore allows the exchange of monovalent ions , resulting in DNA fragmentation and eventually apoptosis .	Sing
Seven monomers each contribute a long beta-hairpin to a fourteen stranded beta barrel that forms a pore in the cell membrane .	Plur
This pore is 14 Ångström wide at its narrowest point .	Sing
Eventually , Gurgen switched his side and joined Adarnase against Nasra who was defeated and put to death in 888 .	Sing
Luís Gabriel Sacilotto Filho ( born 18 March 1983 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder .	Sing
Both Swart and Christiaans , as well as GRA member Petrus van Zyl became members of the Management Committee .	Sing
This descriptor follows the XRDS format and connects several services , like authentication or authorization to the Yadis URL .	Sing
Brinkworth ( postcode 5464 ) is a town in the Mid North region of South Australia with a current population of 401 .	Sing
Brinkworth was a junction on the Gladstone railway line from Adelaide to Gladstone in the north .	Sing
Brinkworth is in the local government area of Wakefield Regional Council , the state electoral district of Frome and the federal division of Grey .	Sing
Veljko Despot ( born March 4 , 1948 ) is a Serbian music journalist and record business entrepreneur .	Sing
Throughout the seventies , eighties and nineties Despot had numerous music reports on television , interviews , portraits and special programs , all concerning international popular music .	Plur
In 1945 , a Japanese sniper killed Mexican-American private Félix Longoria in the Philippines .	Sing
Spanier means " man from Spain " in German and , as a surname , may refer to :	Sing
Esperanto has a series of words that can be arranged in a table according to how they start and end .	Sing
Orest Adamovich Kiprensky ( - ) was a leading Russian portraitist in the Age of Romanticism .	Sing
The Supercoppa Italiana ( Italian for " Italian Super Cup " ) is an annual football competition usually held the week before the season begins in Italy .	Sing
The most frequent Supercoppa match-ups have been Juventus against Lazio and Internazionale against Roma , each occurring four times .	Plur
Longgang may refer to the following locations in mainland China or Taiwan :	Sing
Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez , commonly known as Estadio Metropolitano , or colloquially , El Metro , is a multi-use all-seater football stadium in Barranquilla , Colombia .	Sing
Ștefan Kovács ( ; ; 2 October 1920 – 12 May 1995 ) was a Romanian football player and coach .	Plur
Kovács remains the only foreign manager of the French national side .	Plur
Alcohol was also available , albeit illegally and White was prosecuted in 1890 for " sly grog-selling " .	Sing
Alcohol was not the only dispute that White had with the authorities .	Sing
There are also echidnas , elf skinks and swamp wallabies .	Plur
Prosperity seems to have improved in the 17th century , and in the 18th century trade as the port burgeoned .	Sing
The most notable export from the port was grain .	Sing
A major import of the time was guano from Peru , part of the larger pattern of agricultural improvement of the time .	Sing
Alnmouth 's south-beach dune is calcerous , containing mainly marine-animal shell , and is only 2 – 300 years old .	Sing
Almouth 's coastline has multiple protected area designations .	Sing
The solo cosmonaut also disappears , at precisely the same point , after performing the same experiment , and returns dead 234 days later .	Sing
Halpert is one of the astronauts who had volunteered to go to the Highway , but he was rejected by whatever is out there .	Sing
Halpert likens it to houseflies meeting in an international airport , happy to converse but utterly unaware of where they are or how they got there .	Sing
Flint was a musical project fronted by Keith Flint of The Prodigy .	Sing
Conti commissioned the painting to commemorate his survival of a shell that exploded near him during the Siege of Foligno , his hometown .	Sing
Polidoro calls the UFO explanation , " reinterpreting with the eyes of twenty-first-century Europeans the product of other cultures " .	Sing
Both Bunnings and Alcoa removed most of their plant fittings when they departed .	Sing
Bibiana Fernández , also known as Bibí Andersen ( born 13 February 1954 ) is a Spanish actress , singer , TV presenter and model .	Sing
So Kon Po was the burial grounds for the victims of the Happy Valley Racecourse fire in 1918 .	Sing
Shawmut , according to 19th-century scholarship , is a term derived from the Algonquian word " Mashauwomuk " referring to the region of present-day Boston , Massachusetts .	Sing
Haneke wrote the screenplay with Auteuil and Binoche in mind , and with a concept of exploring guilt and childhood .	Sing
Haneke regarded that as of secondary importance to the exploration of guilt and left the question up to viewer interpretation .	Sing
Disturbed , the Laurents turn to the French police , who determine the tapes are too harmless to be considered criminal activity .	Plur
The Laurents host a dinner party that is interrupted by the delivery of another videotape , with a crude drawing of a chicken bleeding at its neck .	Plur
Suspecting Majid might be responsible for the tapes , Georges visits his ailing mother , who surprisingly professes not to remember Majid well .	Sing
Haneke began writing the screenplay by September 2001 .	Sing
Haneke explained , " I wrote it down when I got home and always wanted to use it .	Sing
Haneke also secured funds from ORF in his native Austria , for a budget of € 8 million .	Sing
Haneke said most of the filming likely took place in Vienna .	Sing
Haneke chose a wide shot and positioned the extras so that viewers might not notice Makedonsky and Afkir .	Sing
Kilbourn writes that Georges had suppressed his memories and his sense of guilt and that for Haneke , trauma is lived in the present through memory .	Sing
Lecturer Judit Pieldner observes Georges 's shelves are lined with CDs , DVDs and videotapes , amounting to a celebration of media technology .	Sing
Academic Giuseppina Mecchia likened the film to Italian neo-realism in using a child 's perspective to reveal adult dishonesty : child characters reveal Georges 's dishonesty .	Sing
Binoche played Anne Laurent in " Code Unknown " and " Caché " , and Mathilde is Anne 's friend in both films .	Sing
Speck likens the lengthy takes to " visual rhymes " .	Sing
Speck adds that the digital film clouds distinctions between the surveillance footage and other scenes , removing " ontological certainty " .	Sing
" Le Parisien " gave it three out of four stars , declaring it an excellent thriller , citing Annie Girardot for her performance as the mother .	Sing
Also in 2010 , Ebert further explored the whodunit question , considering the motives of various characters .	Sing
Ebert questioned whether the last scene 's encounter between Pierrot and Majid 's son is the first time they met , or one of many encounters .	Sing
Subsequently , Haneke 's 2012 French-language " Amour " won the award for Austria .	Sing
Martial , a Roman poet , refers to Scorpus twice in Book X of his " Epigrams " , composed between 95 and 98 AD :	Sing
In 1970 the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) used a nephelometer to carry out research into forest fires .	Sing
After selecting a sample site to carry out research , the CSIRO suggested that the nephelometer should be used as the benchmark for the APO fire tests .	Sing
Machakos also called Masaku is a town in Kenya , 63 kilometres southeast of Nairobi .	Sing
Technically Machakos is the oldest administrative municipality in east and central Africa .	Sing
Machakos has hilly scenery , good for camping and hiking .	Sing
" Air Observer " and " Pilot " aircrew candidates went to an Initial Training School .	Sing
Trainees in the fighter pilot stream went to an SFTS like No .	Plur
Aircrew spent nine weeks at a General Reconnaissance School .	Sing
14 SFTS Aylmer moved to their R1 at Yarmouth Centre for the last four weeks of their course ( radio , bombing , and gunnery ) .	Sing
Pasing is a district in the city of Munich , Germany , and part of the borough Pasing-Obermenzing .	Sing
Schism from Rome caused him to sell his offices ; he did not attend Parliament between 1534 and 1554 .	Sing
Instead , Vaux retired to his country seat until the accession of Mary I , when he returned to London for her coronation .	Sing
Chlorophyll " d " absorbs far-red light , at 710 nm wavelength , just outside the optical range .	Plur
In each level Goemon must find three passes in order to advance .	Sing
Mihaela Melinte ( born 27 March 1975 in Bacău ) is a Romanian hammer thrower .	Sing
STEP is currently undergoing a Phase A study for NASA 's office of Space Science Small Explorer program . "	Sing
Akbar insisted that Bihari Mal should submit to him personally .	Sing
The rajas had much to gain from the link to imperial family .	Plur
No other noblewoman on record seems to have been as adventurous a trader as the Queen mother .	Sing
These courtesies and largesses demonstrate the amount of respect and love Jahangir held for his mother , Mariam-uz-Zamani .	Plur
Mariam uz-Zamani died in 1623 .	Sing
Gerhart began racing at Linda 's Speedway , where he won his first feature race .	Sing
In 1988 , Gerhart began competing in the ARCA Series and was named Rookie of the Year that season .	Sing
Since that time , Gerhart has competed in a mostly limited schedule in ARCA .	Sing
In 2009 , Gerhart returned again to NASCAR in the Nationwide Series to drive the # 75 for Bob Schacht .	Sing
However , Gerhart failed to qualify .	Sing
Gerhart ran a few Nationwide Series races later in the year .	Sing
Gerhart failed to qualify his first 2 attempts at Daytona and Talladega in his own 85 car .	Sing
Gerhart finished 12th after spending most of the race towards the front of the field .	Sing
Dugald Drummond ( 1 January 1840 – 8 November 1912 ) was a Scottish steam locomotive engineer .	Sing
Tatyana Gennadyevna Chebykina ( ; born November 22 , 1968 ) is a former Russian athlete who mainly competed in the 400 metres .	Sing
Rouget de Lisle , the composer of the French national anthem , " La Marseillaise , " was one of his distant cousins .	Sing
On 18 December 1916 the British Admiralty again requested naval assistance from Japan .	Sing
PBI placed funds with other parts of its group and thus its financial standing was linked to that of the group .	Sing
PBI was a participant in the Isle of Man Depositors ' Compensation Scheme as set out in the Depositors ' Compensation Scheme Regulations 2010 .	Sing
Bappa hesitated in disgust , because of which the sage 's spit fell on his foot .	Sing
The 11th century writer Al-Biruni has also recorded a similar legend involving the alchemist Vyadi and the king Vikramaditya .	Sing
According to the " Ekalinga Mahatmya " , Bappa Rawal established the Mewar Kingdom in 728 CE , and abdicated the throne in 753 CE .	Sing
According to some legends , Bappa Rawal captured Chitrakuta ( Chittor Fort ) either from the mlechchhas or the Moris .	Sing
According to Majumdar , the Moris ( Mauryas ) were ruling at Chittor when the Arabs ( mlechchhas ) invaded north-western India around 725 CE .	Sing
At this point , the Covenanters decided to press the attack .	Plur
In 1905 the Darvel and Strathaven Railway opened , with a station at Drumclog , 1.2 mi ( 2 km ) south west of the battle site .	Sing
The kirk holds an annual memorial service on the first Sunday in June , at the Drumclog Monument .	Sing
Goodland , born in Sharon , Wisconsin , was a lawyer and newspaper owner ; he had owned a newspaper in Michigan in Iron Mountain .	Sing
Goodland spent time on the Gogebic Range as a young man .	Sing
Goodland served in the Wisconsin State Senate .	Sing
Introduced into London society by the duchess of Devonshire , his wit made him popular .	Sing
Luttrell died in London on 19 December 1851 .	Sing
Dot later overhears an argument between Mark and Nick , discovering that Nick is responsible for Ashley 's death .	Sing
After Ashley 's funeral , Dot confronts Nick and throws him out of the house .	Sing
Oros was also an artist , sculptor , painter and industrial designer , having designed appliances and other products .	Sing
Oros died on August 2 , 2012 at the age of 96 .	Sing
Oros was working on a 3D model of the Earth depicting all the original settlers .	Sing
After serving in World War II , Oros went to work for Walker 's industrial design firm .	Sing
When Walker later became head of Ford design in 1955 , Oros joined Walker and Engel there .	Sing
Oros worked primarily on the designs for Ford 's cars and trucks , while Engel worked on Lincoln and Mercury .	Sing
Oros rose to director of exterior design and had oversight for many Ford vehicle projects .	Sing
In 1958 , Oros did the primary design work on the new , four-seat Ford Thunderbird that was to debut in the 1958 model year .	Sing
Having set the design standards for the Mustang , Oros said :	Sing
" Ours was quite unique and it took the whole ball game " said Oros .	Sing
" I was not in the courtyard at the approval moment , nor was any other chief of a studio there , " noted Oros .	Sing
Oros said he understood and would find a way to get the money back out of it .	Sing
" He was a big man sitting in the rear seat , " said Oros .	Sing
The Parmeliaceae is a large and diverse family of Lecanoromycetes .	Sing
In addition , curve tracers are reliable indicators of transistor performance .	Plur
The Inquisition is another common theme .	Sing
Tolka Row was an Irish drama serial set in a fictional housing estate on the northside of Dublin .	Sing
In the final , refereed by Carlos , Club Vizcaya beat FC Barcelona 2-1 .	Sing
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities .	Sing
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language .	Sing
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities .	Sing
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language .	Sing
Chas is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Chas subdivision of Bokaro district , Jharkhand state , India .	Sing
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities .	Sing
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language .	Sing
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities .	Sing
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language .	Sing
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities .	Sing
, Bokaro was one of the 14 highly affected districts in the state .	Sing
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language .	Sing
Indian Explosives Ltd. set up a plant at Gomia in 1954 .	Plur
CCL operates coking coal washeries at Kathara and Swang .	Sing
Degree College Bokaro Thermal ( details not available ) .	Sing
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities .	Sing
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language .	Sing
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities .	Sing
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language .	Sing
Like other mambas the eastern green mamba is a highly venomous snake .	Sing
The toxicity of individual specimens can vary greatly based on several factors including geographical region , age , seasonal variation , diet , and so on .	Sing
The eastern green mamba is a large , with a slightly compressed , and very slender bodied snake with a medium to moderately long tapering tail .	Sing
The eastern green mamba is solitary , except during breeding season , when they are most active and males engage in combat .	Sing
When the young emerge from the eggs , they are approximately or around an average of in length , and they 're highly venomous right at birth .	Sing
The longest living eastern green mamba was a captive specimen which lived for 18.8 years .	Sing
The eastern green mamba is primarily arboreal ( living in trees ) , only rarely descending to the ground .	Sing
The eastern green mamba is , however , a fairly common species of snake throughout its geographical range , and populations are believed to be stable .	Sing
Unlike its much larger cousin the black mamba , this mamba is more shy and not as aggressive or fearsome .	Sing
This mamba preys primarily on adult birds , eggs and rodents .	Sing
The eastern green mamba is a highly venomous snake .	Sing
The subcutaneous LD is 1.3 mg / kg .	Sing
The LD in mice through the IV route is 0.45 mg / kg .	Sing
Local swelling is variable and sometimes absent after mamba bites .	Sing
Jharkhand is one of the states affected by Maoist activities .	Sing
Hindi is the official language in Jharkhand and Urdu has been declared as an additional official language .	Sing
Crease started his radio career at radio station 5DN in 1957 after being noticed as a spruiker selling plastic raincoats in Adelaide 's city streets .	Sing
From 1975 to 1977 , Crease was then Premier of South Australia Don Dunstan 's press secretary before returning to television .	Sing
Crease died on 12 April 2007 , aged 70 at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital .	Sing
Beira-Mar finished last in the league and were relegated at the end of the 2004 – 05 season .	Sing
On 4 January 2012 , Sparta Prague confirmed the appointment of Srníček to their coaching staff .	Sing
When the Second World War broke out in September 1939 , Gorman was attending the Imperial Service College in Windsor .	Sing
While his crew took shelter , Gorman ran to fetch a Sherman Firefly , a Sherman fitted with the powerful , British 17-pounder anti-tank gun .	Sing
And now the FSB thinks George slipped the formula to Jack .	Sing
On the roof of the parking garage , Urich meets with Jensen , the man that Urich and Waters each want to sell the MK Ultra to .	Sing
As Anya tries to get Amanda to safety , Jensen 's two henchmen open fire on Jack .	Sing
On August 11 , 2008 , the NJSIAA released an official proposal for a realignment of athletic conferences located in Central and North Jersey .	Sing
In 2018 , the NJSIAA will become the first state governing body to sanction the use of video replay during high school football 's regular season .	Sing
Dietrich settled in Hastings , Nebraska , in 1878 and engaged in mercantile pursuits and in banking .	Sing
Dietrich founded the German National Bank at Hastings and served as the president of the bank from 1887 to 1905 .	Sing
Dietrich retired in 1905 and died in Hastings , Nebraska .	Sing
" South Carolina Lowcountry " is the theme and style of Disney ’ s Hilton Head Island resort .	Sing
Kirkby Shoal is a small shoal area with depths of less than extending about westwards and SSW , about from the summit of Shirley Island .	Sing
Hop trefoil is an important clover in agriculture because its foliage is good for feeding livestock and replenishing soil .	Sing
Nodular sclerosis ( or " NSHL " ) is a form of Hodgkin 's lymphoma that is the most common subtype of HL in developed countries .	Sing
Pierre-Jean Garat ( 25 April 1764 – 1 March 1823 ) was a French Basque singer and nephew of Dominique Joseph Garat .	Sing
The Cyber Shinobi ( also known as Shinobi Part 2 ) is a side-scrolling action game produced by Sega that was released for the Master System in .	Sing
Romero never studied with a guitar teacher .	Sing
Romero died of lung cancer at the age of 83 in San Diego , California .	Sing
A reflector is a retroreflector intended for pedestrians , runners , motorized and non-motorized vehicles .	Sing
A safety reflector is similar to reflective stripes that can be found on safety vests and clothing worn by road workers and rescue workers .	Sing
A safety reflector aids visibility of a person or vehicle visible to on the road , as it reflects light from headlights of vehicles .	Sing
Safety reflectors are especially useful where there are no streetlights .	Plur
For vehicles , the reflector is usually a fixed part .	Sing
Within the European Union , safety reflectors for pedestrians must be certified to comply with the CE EN 13356 safety standard .	Plur
The reflector is a Finnish creation , invented by a farmer Mr. Arvi Lehti from Pertteli , a small township in Western Finland .	Sing
Special ' clip-on ' reflectors for bicycles and other human-powered vehicles are also common .	Plur
A bicycle reflector or prism reflector is a common safety device found on the rear , front and wheels of bicycles .	Sing
The tear created a lake where a lotus flower emerges .	Sing
A golden statuette of the Hindu-Buddhist goddess Kinnara found in an archeological dig in Esperanza , Agusan del Sur .	Sing
These indulgences sometimes required a visit to a specific church or churches .	Plur
Tiki mugs are large ceramic cocktail mugs that originated in tiki bars and tropical-themed restaurants .	Plur
The term " tiki mugs " is a generic blanket term for sculptural drinkware that depict Polynesian , mock-Polynesian , or tropical themes .	Plur
In addition to his busy concert schedule , Romero is Professor of Music and Guitar at the University of California , San Diego .	Sing
Its diameter is about 33 km , its albedo around 0.038 .	Sing
804 Hispania is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
" Hispania " is a carbonaceous C-type asteroid and has a diameter of 122 kilometers according to measurements made with the W. M. Keck Observatory .	Sing
The estimated diameter is 73 km , and it is one of the 500 largest asteroids .	Sing
814 Tauris is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
817 Annika is a mid-sized Eunomian asteroid .	Sing
As Cable , Domino , Jenny Ransome , Phillip Moreau , and the brainwashed ex-Magistrate Pipeline try to deactivate the bomb , Sugar Man captures Phillip Moreau .	Sing
Callisto and Karima Shapandar confront Sugar Man and apparently kill him with a pipe through the head .	Sing
Its diameter is about 17 km and it has an albedo of 0.179 .	Sing
Its diameter is about 11 km and it has an albedo of 0.262 .	Sing
On the Nose may refer to :	Sing
839 Valborg is a mid-sized S-type Eunomian asteroid .	Sing
Its diameter is about 20 km , its albedo of 0.353 is very high for an asteroid .	Sing
842 Kerstin is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
848 Inna is a Themistian asteroid .	Sing
Its diameter is about 12 km and it has an albedo of 0.2646 .	Sing
In 1940 Bulleid fitted one member of the class with a Lemaître blast pipe in an attempt to improve their efficiency .	Sing
The sorcerer transforms the man into a genie and traps him in a lamp as punishment .	Sing
864 Aase is an S-type asteroid belonging to the Flora family in the Main Belt .	Sing
Aase refers to the character from Henrik Ibsen 's play " Peer Gynt " .	Sing
865 Zubaida is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
At Delta , Hatchett became the airline 's highest-ranking woman of color worldwide , serving both as senior attorney and public relations manager .	Sing
In addition to practicing law , Hatchett is a motivational speaker and speaks at conferences and events all across the United States .	Sing
Hatchett has appeared on numerous media outlets as a guest commentator and legal analyst on national issues .	Sing
Hatchett 's faith is Jehovahs Witnesses .	Sing
871 Amneris is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
870 Manto is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
873 Mechthild is a minor planet orbiting the Sun , named after the Christian medieval mystic Mechthild of Magdeburg .	Sing
875 Nymphe is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
877 Walküre is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
Already a decorated sportsman , Nazaryan was one of the gold medal favorites of the competition in his weight class .	Sing
881 Athene is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
The Jupiter trojans 624 Hektor and 3317 Paris are named after his sons Paris and Hector .	Sing
885 Ulrike , provisional designation " " , is a background asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt , approximately in diameter .	Sing
891 Gunhild is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
895 Helio is a large dark outer main-belt asteroid about 150 km in diameter .	Sing
897 Lysistrata is a minor planet orbiting the Sun that was discovered by German astronomer Max Wolf on August 3 , 1918 .	Sing
898 Hildegard is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
829 Academia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
The Macau Scientific and Cultural Centre is open to researchers , especially those from Portugal and China .	Sing
Consequently , Englishmen like Thistlewood lived in an Africanised society that rested on the white control through fear , inequality , and brutality .	Sing
More recently , in its April 2005 edition , The Smithsonian published an article about the same tribe called " Out of Time " .	Sing
FUNAI helps the Korubo by giving them modern immunization shots and checking up on them often .	Sing
There is a weekly ( Tuesdays ) bus service to connect with Hitchin in the east .	Sing
" Urraca " was to be a test of about 1 megaton yield at very high altitude ( above 1000 km . ) .	Sing
No nuclear detonation occurred and no data were obtained , but subsequent investigation found that the Thor was actually following the proper flight trajectory .	Sing
The nuclear warhead detonated at 13 minutes and 41 seconds after liftoff of the Thor missile .	Sing
After a pause of nearly three months , " Operation Fishbowl " was ready to continue , beginning with another attempt at the " Bluegill " test .	Sing
Furthermore , the atmospheric attenuation is normally much less for a given distance than in the case of sea-level or near-sea-level explosions .	Sing
Consequently , the eye-damage hazard is more severe . "	Sing
As of the beginning of 2011 , the EMP waveforms and prompt gamma radiation outputs for " Bluegill Triple Prime " and " Kingfish " remain classified .	Plur
Shaman or Shamans may also refer to :	Sing
Therefore , an archivist has a responsibility to authenticate archival materials , such as historical documents , and to ensure their reliability , integrity , and usability .	Sing
Metadata comprises contextual data pertaining to a record or aggregate of records .	Sing
As a fundamental principle of archives , provenance refers to the individual , family , or organization that created or received the items in a collection .	Sing
In practice , provenance dictates that records of different origins should be kept separate to preserve their context .	Sing
As a methodology , provenance becomes a means of describing records at the series level .	Sing
For its advocates , provenance provided an objective alternative to the generally subjective classification schemes borrowed from librarianship .	Sing
In an archival sense , preservation refers to the care of all the aggregates within a collection .	Sing
Archivists are primarily concerned with maintaining the record , along with the context in which it was produced , and making this information accessible to the user .	Plur
Metadata is key for the preservation of context within archival science .	Sing
By assigning appropriate metadata to records or record aggregates , the archivist successfully preserves the entirety of the record and the context in which it was created .	Sing
Digital preservation involves the implementation of policies , strategies , and actions in order to ensure that digitized documents remain accurate and accessible over time .	Sing
Metadata is an important part of digital preservation as it preserves the context , usage , and migration of a digital record .	Sing
Kataoka furiously ordered Okumura 's resignation but was persuaded by other senior colleagues to simply demote Okumura instead .	Sing
The wadi consists of two valleys , East Valley ( where the majority of the royal tombs are situated ) and West Valley .	Sing
At the end of his visits , Belzoni declared that all of the tombs had been located and nothing of note remained to be found .	Sing
Consideration of the articles which the Egyptians obtained from Punt , notably gold and ivory , suggests , however , that these were primarily of African origin .	Sing
The Sultanate of Adal disintegrated into small independent states , many of which were ruled by Somali chiefs .	Sing
In the east , a different political dynamic existed .	Sing
The Warsangali Sultanate under the Garad dynasty emerged , and rose to prominence in the Sool , Sanaag and Cayn provinces by the late 13th century .	Sing
Unlike the Adal Sultanate , which was a multi-ethnic Muslim kingdom contemporaneous with the Ethiopian Empire , the Warsangali Sultanate had an exclusively Somali constituency .	Sing
Further east , the Majeerteen Sultanate formed in the 16th century , after the partition of Adal into the Aussa Sultanate & Sultanate of Harar .	Sing
For 300 years , Zeila enjoyed trade with other countries and was home to Arab , Persian and even Indian merchants .	Sing
Resentment against the British authorities grew : Britain was seen as excessively profiting from the thriving coastal trading and farming occurring in the territory .	Sing
On June 5 , 1867 , Vander Veer married Margaret E. Snow , daughter of Simeon Snow and Margaret Dievendorf Snow .	Sing
the Folin-Ciocalteu reagent , folins phenol reagent used in the Lowry protein assay and EPTA , ethanolic phosphotungstic acid .	Sing
For its first twelve years , Somaliland had no political parties but instead followed more traditional clan-based forms of political organization .	Sing
Somaliland has a hybrid system of governance combining traditional and western institutions .	Sing
Despite setbacks in 1994 and 1996 , Somaliland has managed to prosper , assisted by its trade in livestock with Saudi Arabia .	Sing
In 2005 Somaliland joined the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation ( UNPO ) , an international organization dedicated to the promotion of the right to self-determination .	Sing
On 21 November the NEC announced that Muse Bihi Abdi of the ruling Kulmiye party polled 55.1 % of votes to emerge winner .	Sing
Nathan Shapiro — made it 100 miles through disintegrating German lines armed with only a rifle and a few pistols .	Sing
Being on the Hollywood blacklist prevented him from getting further work .	Sing
The KLF appears to have been a loose association of scattered Khalistani groups .	Sing
After Navneet Singh Kadian KLF singhs hand over command to Dr. Pritam Singh Sekhon .	Sing
The KLF was responsible for several bombings of civilian targets in India during the 1980s and 1990s , sometimes in conjunction with Kashmir separatists .	Sing
KLF was among the Sikh groups that claimed responsibility for the 1991 abduction of the Romanian chargé d 'affaires in New Delhi , Liviu Radu .	Sing
On 12 December 1987 , KLF attacked and killed 9 police personnel in Punjab .	Sing
ISI had taken the help of Khalistan Liberation Force led by Harminder Singh Mintoo and Harmeet Singh , reported to be living in Pakistan under ISI cover .	Sing
NIA had claimed that KLF is currently being run by Gursharanbir Singh living in UK and Harmeet Singh living in Pakistan .	Sing
According to Home Ministry of India , KLF will be the 40th organisation to be banned .	Sing
NIA reported that these attacks were made on the instructions of Pakistani ISI and had the objective to create communal unrest in the Indian Punjab .	Sing
By destabilizing the law and order in the state , KLF had hoped to revive the Sikh terrorism .	Sing
Chateau Pontet-Canet is also the name of the red wine produced by this property .	Sing
Fermentation takes place in a mixture of concrete and stainless steel vats .	Sing
Monocytic leukemia is a type of myeloid leukemia characterized by a dominance of monocytes in the marrow .	Sing
Monocytic leukemia is almost always broken down into " acute " and " chronic " :	Sing
The Topeka Zoo ( formally the Topeka Zoological Park ) is a medium-sized zoo in Topeka , Kansas in the United States .	Sing
The Topeka Zoo is an accredited member of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums ( AZA ) .	Sing
In 2003 , after a major overhaul of the zoo and the addition of several new exhibits , the Topeka Zoo regained its accreditation .	Sing
After this hire , the general demeanor of the citizens toward the zoo has been more positive .	Sing
A coyote inhabits a densely planted exhibit .	Sing
Waterfowl such as trumpeter swans live in these ponds .	Plur
The Tropical Rainforest was the first indoor rainforest exhibit in the United States .	Sing
In the Lianas Forest ( formerly Discovering Apes ) building , orangutans live behind glass in an enclosure replicating the treetops in Borneo .	Plur
On May 6 , 2010 , a bobcat in the zoo escaped its cage after a vandal apparently pried the animal 's cage open .	Sing
His mentor during these years was Ludwig Landgrebe .	Sing
The distinctness and meaning of these metaphors constitute the perception of reality as a whole , a necessary prerequisite for human orientation , thought and action .	Plur
This context is of decisive importance for Blumenberg 's idea of absolute metaphors .	Sing
Polatsk was the center of all Jesuit activities .	Sing
Cam developed over the South China Sea on May 18 .	Sing
A Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough spawned Tropical Depression 7W on July 10 over the open Western Pacific .	Sing
The first , Frankie , developed in the South China Sea on July 19 .	Sing
Marty made landfall on the 14th on northern Vietnam , where it dissipated 3 days later .	Sing
Though small and somewhat weak , Marty managed to cause moderate damage and flooding , amounting to the deaths of 125 with 107 people missing .	Sing
Orson existed from August 20 to September 3 .	Sing
Zane existed from September 23 to October 3 .	Sing
Tropical Depression 31W existed from October 13 to October 17 .	Sing
Fern continued to weaken to a tropical depression on December 30 .	Sing
PAGASA assigns names to tropical depressions that form within their area of responsibility and any tropical cyclone that might move into their area of responsibility .	Sing
905 Universitas is an S-type asteroid orbiting in the Main belt as part of the Flora family .	Sing
Its diameter is about 21 km and it has an albedo of 0.085 .	Sing
908 Buda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
909 Ulla , provisional designation " " , is an asteroid from the outermost regions of the asteroid belt , approximately in diameter .	Sing
" Ulla " is the parent body of the Ulla family , a very small asteroid family of less than 30 known bodies .	Sing
In the SMASS classification , " Ulla " is a X-type asteroid .	Sing
Other photometric period determinations gave concurring results .	Plur
910 Anneliese is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
912 Maritima is an asteroid in the asteroid belt .	Sing
Based on lightcurve studies observing Maritima over a three-month period , Maritima has a rotation period of 1332 hours .	Sing
However , " the FCA found no evidence that such firms had profited as a result of their potentially conflicting ownership . "	Sing
But Catherina defended " her Jesuits " with the silent approval of Pius VI .	Sing
The best-rated lightcurve by Alan Harris and James Whitney Young gave a period of 7.880 hours .	Sing
The molecule consists of an H-shaped ' chassis ' with fullerene groups attached at the four corners to act as wheels .	Sing
930 Westphalia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
933 Susi is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .	Sing
Koh Se-kai ( ; born 1934 in Changhua County ) is a Taiwanese historian , politician , and diplomat .	Sing
By June 2008 , Koh had retired .	Sing
Its diameter is about 7.9 km and it has an albedo of 0.197 .	Sing
In 1922 Andersen graduated with a Bachelors of Arts in zoology and chemistry from Mount Holyoke College .	Sing
Once she graduated from Johns Hopkins , Andersen served as a teaching assistant in anatomy at the Rochester School of Medicine .	Sing
In order to further her research career , Andersen began to work on her doctorate degree in medical science by studying endocrinology at Columbia University .	Sing
Andersen published her final paper in 1959 on the reoccurrence of cystic fibrosis in young adults .	Sing
Towards the end of her career , Andersen had developed lung cancer from smoking and underwent surgery in 1962 .	Sing
936 Kunigunde is a Themistian asteroid .	Sing
Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande ( born 7 October 1960 ) is a Hindustani classical music vocalist from Mumbai .	Sing
Ashwini also received guidance from Ratnakar Pai until his death in 2009 .	Sing
Because of her influences from the Jaipur-Atrauli , Mewati and Patiala gharanas , Ashwini has created her own musical style .	Sing
Phipps then went on to provide air transportation to much of the Canadian high arctic region .	Sing
If the pilot counteracts this tendency with rudder and stalls the aircraft , the airplane will rapidly enter a spin .	Sing
Reinmuth also named the minor planet 909 Ulla after Ulla Ahrens , a member of this family .	Sing
The royal pardon did not annul her conviction .	Sing
Hains decided to become a photographer on that day .	Sing
In 1949 , Hains produced his first black and white short film with a movie camera he had borrowed : " Saint Germain-des Prés Colombiens " .	Plur
In 1953 , Hains published “ Hépérile éclaté ” in collaboration with Villeglé .	Sing
Hains eventually decided not to proceed further with the matter .	Sing
In 1956 , Hains met the art critic Pierre Restany at Yves Klein 's home .	Plur
Hains refused to sell the posters or else to make money from such a painful subject as his country being torn apart .	Sing
Hains was passionate about literature , and Iliad was one of the most important books in his library .	Sing
“ New Realism is not a group of artists but rather a brotherhood .	Sing
Raymond Hains will continuously strive not to fall into the trap of repetition , renewing his body of work , not letting critics as an Affichiste .	Plur
These gimmicks would help illustrate what I think of New Realism , which also could have been named personified Abstractions ” .	Plur
The following year , Hains arranged an exhibition entitled “ Seita and Saffa : copyright by Raymond Hains ” at the Iris Clert gallery in Paris .	Sing
Hains often staged key figures who had met along a street , sentences or even within play on words .	Sing
Hains then slid towards the Gauls with Asterix , Caesar , the famous “ thumb ” artwork of the artist César …	Sing
Hains created his first " Macintoshages " in 1997 .	Sing
Copyright by Raymond Hains , n ° 21 , 12 October 1965 .	Sing
The flyer must wait for a call from the catcher to make sure he or she leaves at the correct time .	Sing
Otherwise , the catcher will not be close enough to the flyer to make a successful catch .	Sing
The flier then performs one of many aerial tricks and is caught by the catcher , who is swinging from a separate catch bar .	Sing
Once back to the fly bar , the flyer can return to the board , and another flyer takes a turn .	Sing
In the early years of young Mr. Leotard 's performances , the flying trapeze did not have the safety net as is typically seen today .	Sing
Every safe flying trapeze rig has a large net underneath the rig .	Sing
Like " The Band Wagon " , " Daddy Long Legs " did only moderately well at the box office .	Sing
While Zanuck still envisioned Gaynor for the main female role , Astaire insisted on casting actress and dancer Leslie Caron .	Sing
As usual , Astaire adapted his choreography to the particular strengths of his partner , in this case ballet .	Sing
Exodus spent the latter half of 1990 touring in support of " Impact Is Imminent " .	Sing
Exodus wrapped up the tour on December 28 , 1990 at The Fillmore .	Sing
Easter Ellister ( Aolastradh ) is a settlement on the Rinns of Islay on Islay in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland .	Sing
The earliest recorded mail from Bangkok dates back only to 1836 when American missionary Dan Beach Bradley sent a letter to his father in a stampless cover .	Sing
Thus most such mail has a Singapore cancel .	Sing
In 1973 , Ting became a freelance actress , and continued to make films both in her native Taiwan and Hong Kong .	Sing
The coroner described his passing as " death by misadventure . "	Sing
Ohno began his career in the entertainment industry when he joined the Japanese talent agency Johnny & Associates in 1994 at the age of 13 .	Sing
Before his music debut with Arashi , Ohno wanted to resign from Johnny & Associates .	Sing
Ohno is the lead vocalist of Arashi .	Sing
Ohno also did part of the choreography for the chorus of " GUTS ! "	Sing
In 1999 , Ohno made his TV drama debut in the volleyball-centered short drama , which was Arashi 's first drama together .	Sing
Ohno was the lead actor in the first story of the project called , which ran for four episodes in total .	Sing
In January 2010 , Ohno co-starred with the other members of Arashi in the human suspense drama special .	Sing
Ohno portrayed Satoru Mashiko , a 28-year-old employee of a cleaning company who is caught up in a building hijack .	Sing
Beginning in April 2010 , Ohno starred in the live-action adaptation of the manga and anime " Kaibutsu-kun " .	Sing
Ohno also starred in the second story , , of the Fall 2010 special that aired on October 4 , 2010 .	Sing
On January 3 , 2012 , Ohno starred in the drama special .	Sing
Beginning in April 2012 , Ohno co-starred with Erika Toda in his first Getsuku drama , .	Sing
On August 24 , 2013 , Ohno starred in the drama special which aired as part of the annual " 24 Hour Television " telethon in Japan .	Sing
Ohno plays a 29-year-old man named Kouta who is diagnosed with malignant lymphoma .	Sing
On January 3 , 2014 , Ohno reprised the role of Enomoto Kei for the Kagi no Kakatta Heya special .	Sing
Beginning in April 2016 , Ohno starred in a drama titled .	Sing
Ohno played Reiji Samejima , a company president in the hotel industry .	Sing
In 2002 , Ohno made his motion picture debut in Arashi 's first movie together , .	Sing
Two years later in 2004 , Ohno reprised his role for the sequel .	Sing
Ohno reprised his role as Haru once again in 2014 in a spin-off of the two previous films , titled .	Sing
In 2011 , Ohno returned to the big screen starring as the lead actor in the film " Kaibutsu-kun the Movie " .	Sing
Shinobi no Kuni illustrates the epic battle between the Oda clan and the Iga ninja .	Sing
Ohno has designed the charity T-shirt for NTV 's 24-hour television telethon three times , making him the first artist to do so .	Sing
In 2012 , Ohno collaborated with Japanese artist Yoshitomo Nara and their design sold 764,198 copies , setting a new record .	Sing
In the following year , Ohno collaborated with Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama to design the T-shirt for that year 's telethon .	Sing
The enraged Yamaguchi-gumi and its newly chosen acting boss Kazuo Nakanishi and wakagashira Yoshinori Watanabe vowed to wipe out the Ichiwa-kai in revenge .	Sing
Adda was one of several sons born to Ida , the first ruler of Bernicia , as was his successor Æthelric .	Sing
Adda may have been the Bernician commander at the battle of Caer Greu , where the British kings Peredur and Gwrgi of Ebrauc were killed .	Sing
Faults in the breed 's appearance include wall eye , kinked tail , a single coat , and a coat that is not tricolour .	Plur
Aghadoe ( Irish : " Achadh an Da Eo " ) is a large townland overlooking the town and lakes of Killarney in Ireland .	Sing
Aghadoe takes its name from " Acha Dá Eo " , which is Irish for " The place of the two yew trees " .	Sing
Bracegirdle is an English surname that may refer to :	Sing
Lindström built a single chamber concrete tank , with sloped bottom and chimney , for disposal of kitchen and toilet waste .	Sing
In 1973 , Rockefeller founded Clivus Multrum , Inc. in Massachusetts under license from Lindström to market its composting toilet .	Sing
The ACLU filed a lawsuit saying that this display was unconstitutional because it violated the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .	Sing
The ACLU filed for contempt .	Sing
Haaretz has called him a " professional thorn in the side of the American Jewish establishment . "	Sing
With this vital piece of evidence in his possession , Walsingham had Ballard and the other conspirators arrested .	Sing
Copeland has also worked extensively Off-Broadway in New York City .	Sing
Copeland made her first film appearance as Alice Marie in " The Goddess " ( 1958 ) .	Sing
Jhargram is a municipality and the administrative headquarters of Jhargram district located in the Indian state of West Bengal .	Sing
The Marathas invaded the region between 1742 – 47 .	Plur
In those twenty-eight years , Jhargram developed into a township ; and during this period , many educational institutions were established and developed .	Sing
Jhargram is the golden treasury of tribal dances .	Sing
The localization and characterization of the first detected repeating source , FRB 121102 , has revolutionized the understanding of the source class .	Sing
The discoverers argue that current models for the free electron content in the Universe imply that the burst is less than 1 gigaparsec distant .	Plur
Especially energetic supernovae could be the source of these bursts .	Sing
Finau Lusiana Vulivuli ( born 18 August 1982 in Savusavu ) is a Fijian women 's football referee .	Sing
Giorgos Chionidis ( ; born 25 June 1991 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis in the Greek Football League as a Striker .	Sing
Giorgos Chionidis is the son of Katerini 's mayor , Savas Chionidis .	Sing
Mathieu was part of the Netherlands U16 squad .	Sing
Tang-e Lakoor ( ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .	Sing
Boaz Meylink ( born 22 March 1984 in Deventer ) is a Dutch rower .	Sing
Kaj Hendriks ( born 19 August 1987 in Wageningen ) is a Dutch rower .	Sing
A recessed entryway leading to the upper floor separates the northern and central storefront .	Sing
1877 ( or more briefly the 155 L de Bange ) was the French artillery piece that debuted the 155 mm caliber in widespread use today .	Sing
In the subsequent program-letter of the committee , dating from 21 April , the caliber was for the first time expressed as 155 millimeters .	Sing
( The other two calibers decided by this committee were the 120 mm fortress and siege cannon and the 220 mm mortar . )	Plur
Masai is a name of Kenyan origin from the Maasai people that may refer to :	Sing
Gela Dzhambulatovich Zaseyev ( ; born 20 January 1993 ) is a Russian football midfielder .	Sing
Eddery tracked the pacemaker Verdant Boy before sending Milligram into the lead early in the straight .	Sing
Stoute sent the filly to California a month before the race to allow her to acclimatise to the local conditions .	Sing
Whips have managed business and maintained party discipline for Australia 's federal political parties in the Senate since Federation .	Plur
The deputy whip , Christabel Chamarette , had lost her seat at the election , and left the Senate just over a month after the announcement .	Sing
Thornes Bridge was a timber Allan truss bridge , in length .	Sing
With Zhou Zhen no longer at the radio station Xiao Shu realizes she had fallen in love with him .	Sing
At first Liang Mama does not agree to Xiao Shu marrying Zhou Zhen because she does not want to see her husband .	Sing
Roxana Cogianu ( born 21 September 1986 in Iași ) is a Romanian rower .	Sing
Nottingham died in Eastbourne , Sussex , England , aged 80 .	Sing
Trần Quốc Ẩn ( Nha Trang , 1961 - ) is a Vietnamese artist and calligrapher .	Sing
Therese Aune ( born 3 May 1987 ) is a Norwegian musician and songwriter .	Sing
Aune got her formal music education from the music program at Foss videregående skole in Oslo , where she got her Examen artium in 2006 .	Sing
After her appearance on in 2008 , Aune was one of three Norwegian artists booked at the Icelandic Festival " Iceland Airwaves " .	Sing
Frits Janssens ( born 1898 , date of death unknown ) was a Belgian wrestler .	Sing
Sayer explains that rather than concentrate on the detective investigating the crime he instead concentrated on the close , intense family relationships surrounding Harold and Maisie .	Sing
Kieron Morris ( born 3 June 1994 ) is an English footballer who plays for Tranmere Rovers on loan from Walsall .	Sing
In 1908 , the CSAR sold the " Portuguese " to the Olifantsfontein Brick and Tile Company for £ 750 .	Sing
On 6 April 2010 , an attack on Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF ) in their camp in Dantewada district , Chhattisgarh killed 76 CRPF personnel .	Sing
Currently the 9mm Glock 17 is the standard issue sidearm .	Sing
The equivalent raga in the additional 36 ragas is Mayasri 's , the scale for which is	Sing
All these ragas have the suffix “ Sri ” .	Plur
These harpsichords are now in Prague , Budapest , Würzburg , Paris , Boston or Kyoto .	Plur
No Aloha is a song by indie rock band The Breeders on their 1993 platinum-selling album " Last Splash " .	Sing
Description of the process as a convolution in neural networks is by convention .	Sing
The convolution emulates the response of an individual neuron to visual stimuli .	Sing
For example , " max pooling " uses the maximum value from each of a cluster of neurons at the prior layer .	Sing
In neural networks , each neuron receives input from some number of locations in the previous layer .	Sing
In a fully connected layer , each neuron receives input from " every " element of the previous layer .	Sing
Each neuron in a neural network computes an output value by applying some function to the input values coming from the receptive field in the previous layer .	Sing
The cortex in each hemisphere represents the contralateral visual field .	Sing
Hubel and Wiesel also proposed a cascading model of these two types of cells for use in pattern recognition tasks .	Sing
The tiling of neuron outputs can cover timed stages .	Sing
A very deep CNN with over 100 layers by Microsoft won the ImageNet 2015 contest .	Sing
Thus , full connectivity of neurons is wasteful for purposes such as image recognition that are dominated by spatially local input patterns .	Sing
L2 regularization is the most common form of regularization .	Sing
The L2 regularization has the intuitive interpretation of heavily penalizing peaky weight vectors and preferring diffuse weight vectors .	Sing
L1 regularization is another common form .	Sing
Subsequently , a similar CNN called	Sing
Twin skyscrapers rise above the mall , which can be seen through the glass roof .	Plur
Finch then studied architecture , at North London Polytechnic ( now London Metropolitan University ) , moving in 1950 to the Architectural Association School of Architecture .	Sing
Finch also introduced sculptural expression into the blocks and added roof gardens to the upper flats .	Sing
Finch described the irregular grouping of craggy blocks as " " dancing around . " "	Sing
Finch created an active atrium linking the swimming pools , gymnasia , climbing wall and other facilities .	Sing
Moving to Hampshire , Finch worked as a consultant for Hampshire County Architects Department , led by Sir Colin Stansfield Smith .	Sing
Still active well into his 70s , Finch formed a professional practice with his then partner , Kate Macintosh .	Sing
In 2005 Finch Macintosh designed the Weston Adventure Playground , Southampton , a charity lottery project .	Sing
In 1955 Finch married Brenda Vicary with whom he had five children , Alison , Emma , Sarah , Adam and Jonny .	Sing
Aalborg Portland is a cement-producing company in Denmark .	Sing
Aalborg Portland produces four major products : grey cement , white cement , ready-mixed concrete and aggregates .	Sing
Mariam Dadiani may refer to :	Sing
Anat Saragusti is a descendant of the family Saragusti , originating from the Spanish city of Zaragoza ( Saragossa ) .	Sing
As part of her activities Anat served as the editor for feminist and social publications .	Sing
Anat Saragusti is a dedicated volunteer .	Sing
As of 2017 , while still appearing on " The Walking Dead " , Evangelista is starring as a series lead in the E !	Sing
Evangelista has appeared in a number of films .	Sing
Ponsonby married Mary , daughter of the Hon .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Essen II is one of the 299 single member constituencies ( German : " Wahlkreis " ) used for the German parliament , the Bundestag .	Sing
At this time , the ambitious Byzantine " dux " of Numidia , Guntharic contacted the various Berber leaders in a bid to unseat Areobindus .	Sing
Eloise A. Vitelli ( born 1949 ) is an American business advocate and politician from Maine .	Sing
Eiichi Kawatei died on August 3 , 2013 , at the age of 79 .	Sing
The needles will then begin to show signs of infection , and eventually the pathogen produces stromata , which is the pathogen 's fruiting body .	Plur
Bednar was chairman of the Yonge Street Business and Residents Association during the initial planning of Yonge-Dundas Square , a significant redevelopment to Toronto 's downtown .	Sing
Bednar attended the State Fair of Texas while growing up .	Sing
Garth Drabinsky and Myron Gottlieb purchased the division from their employers in December 1989 , as Cineplex looked to offload assets .	Sing
As of 1997 , Bednar was general manager of The Pantages Theatre .	Sing
The following year , CNE started promoting its events on weekends , which there was previously a policy against .	Sing
Bednar has featured heavily in the Ex 's public profile , and advocated for openness in communications .	Sing
Bednar was President of the Board of the Canadian Association of Fairs and Exhibitions in 2006 and 2007 .	Sing
Bednar retired in April 2015 .	Sing
Bednar has an interest in antique cars and has seven vehicles that are a mix of antiques and modern cars .	Sing
As a result of pit stops , Truex gained multiple positions .	Sing
Truex would end up winning the 2017 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Championship for Furniture Row .	Sing
Herford – Minden-Lübbecke II is one of the 299 single member constituencies ( German : " Wahlkreis " ) used for the German parliament , the Bundestag .	Sing
Crossing into Spain on 12 October 1807 , Junot started a difficult march through the country , finally entering Portugal on 19 November .	Sing
Kathmandu is historically rich city .	Sing
Jeb Indie , referred to as Indie in the series , ( played by Adam Busch ) is a modern-day hipster and the CEO of MyMusic .	Sing
Idol claims that her grandmother was a queen , who gave her etiquette lessons as a solution to her clumsiness .	Sing
Idol finishes her backstory claims stating a film , that went directly to Redbox was made about her .	Sing
In episode 7 of season 2 , Idol leaves MyMusic after getting an offer by Country to be on a reality show .	Sing
Emmet Allan Klaga , referred to as Metal in the series , ( played by Jarrett Sleeper ) is the Head of Production at MyMusic .	Sing
Intern 2 was the first co-worker that Hip Hop confessed to about his nerdy activities .	Sing
Hip Hop was once an intern at the butterfly sanctuary at a national history museum .	Sing
After Loco Uno coerced Indie to fire the entire MyMusic staff , Hip Hop admits to being a nerd .	Sing
Following this , Hip Hop has to struggle between balancing his nerdy tendencies and his hip hop label .	Sing
Techno is a raver who follows the PLUR philosophy .	Sing
Dubstep is a raver in the PLUR community .	Sing
Only Techno is able to understand his speech , which she usually translates to the other MyMusic employees .	Sing
She was the first intern hired .	Sing
Intern 2 , like Scene , is unpaid for his internship duties .	Sing
On the season finale " The Wedding and The Baby " , Intern 2 is seen kissing Scene at the end .	Sing
Carrie Chapin Yearwood , referred to as Country in the series , ( played by Lee Newton )	Sing
Kathmandu is historically rich city .	Sing
Pulford is a former civil parish , now in the parish of Poulton and Pulford , in Cheshire West and Chester , England .	Sing
" Lolly " is a song by American recording artist and record producer Maejor Ali ( also known as Bei Maejor ) .	Sing
Jayant Salgaonkar ( 1 February 1929 – 20 August 2013 ) was an Indian Jyotishi ( Astrologer ) , businessman , historian , scholar , and writer .	Sing
This duet was the most successful song on the " Billboard " Hot 100 released by either artist , peaking at No .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Tesla Boy shares the animated video for “ Undetected ” off their second album The Universe Made of Darkness .	Sing
In the United States , Dion performed the song on " Jimmy Kimmel Live ! "	Sing
Dion performed " Loved Me Back to Life " on " Wetten , dass .. ? "	Sing
( Prior to the incidents , just a single firefighter had died in 11 years . )	Sing
Ambulances were supposed to reach patients 90 percent of the time within eight minutes .	Plur
Wadhwa resigned in August 2006 .	Sing
But Fenty reneged on his promise , and the merger remained intact throughout his tenure as mayor of the District of Columbia ( 2007 to 2011 ) .	Sing
" The fire department needs a new chief ; there 's no question about it , " Fenty said .	Sing
Hiring freezes imposed by the city worsened the situation , he said , and led to even more overtime .	Plur
Ellerbe agreed to resign from DCFEMS on April 11 .	Sing
Ellerbe denied harassing anyone , denied making the statements , and claimed the charges were made by union members upset with changes he made in the department .	Sing
Ellerbe also claimed that Sarasota County found the allegations false , although the " Washington Times " reported there was no such finding in the personnel file .	Sing
Ellerbe created a furor in the department in April 2011 when he changed the departmental logo to read " DCFEMS " and not " DCFD " .	Sing
Ellerbe threatened to discipline any DCFEMS member not wearing the new new logo .	Sing
In late January , Ellerbe issued an order forbidding DCFEMS personnel from wearing any unmarked clothing .	Sing
Ellerbe attributed the purchase of the shirt to " trickery " by Rubin , designed to set Ellerbe up for failure .	Sing
Ellerbe did not deny the charge , but said in late June 2012 that " several dozen " firefighters would be hired shortly .	Sing
Ellerbe asserted that too many firefighters at other stations took leave , so he closed the three stations to staff the remaining ones and keep them open .	Sing
Ellerbe claimed it would reduce staffing costs by $ 36 million a year after four years , and increase days worked per month to 22 from eight .	Sing
In March 2013 , Ellerbe testified at a D.C. City Council hearing in favor of his scheduling plan , which had still not been implemented .	Sing
The absences caused the department to require mandatory overtime of 67 firefighters , forcing them to work for 36 straight hours .	Plur
At a press conference on August 26 , Ellerbe asserted that the firefighter shortage would be ending soon .	Sing
Ellerbe said the change would eliminate half of the 42 overnight paramedics and all 14 advanced life support ambulances .	Sing
Ellerbe said the city receives about 10 calls per hour overnight , but 20 per hour mornings .	Sing
( Ellerbe blamed a software problem for that . )	Sing
Mendelson also said Ellerbe 's plan also didn 't seem to take into account scheduled leave , illness , or unforeseen problems .	Sing
Lundy suggested providing paramedics and EMTs with their own , far less costly vehicles .	Sing
Ellerbe asserted that incidents of delayed care were uncommon and infrequent , despite worsening response times .	Sing
Ellerbe announced on August 26 that he would resubmit his ambulance staffing plan to the D.C. City Council for approval .	Sing
Faust questioned the accuracy of the most recent numbers , and that the city was not using a consistent definition for counting arson .	Sing
Ellerbe attributed the markedly lower numbers to more experienced employees and fewer arsons committed .	Sing
But at the same hearing , Faust told the council that using the old definition , DCFEMS had a 9.6 percent closure rate .	Sing
Faust told the newspaper that there was no validity to the department 's new definition .	Sing
Ellerbe conceded that the union 's inventory was correct , and blamed an out of date database for the problem .	Sing
But the paramedic assigned to the vehicle found it had been stripped of all its equipment , including its stretcher .	Sing
The " Washington City Paper " called the " dysfunction and incompetence surrounding the department 's fleet management system ... more than a little frightening .	Sing
When pressed , Ellerbe could not even say if he had visited the DCFEMS 9-1-1 emergency call center .	Sing
Ellerbe turned for help from Deputy Mayor Paul Quander so often that Wells rebuked Ellerbe and demanded that Ellerbe ( not Quander ) respond .	Sing
Ellerbe apologized to the council at the hearing for submitting inaccurate data on the fleet .	Sing
The following month , Ellerbe claimed he had complete confidence in the repair personnel at DCFEMS .	Sing
Ellerbe blamed the city council and an unspecified dispute with a vendor for the two-and-a-half year delay .	Sing
Chief Ellerbe also told the press that delivery of the 13 expected ambulances was delayed for unspecified reasons .	Sing
Medic 27 , a 2006 vehicle in the reserve fleet , suffered $ 25,000 in damage .	Sing
According to the report , Ellerbe arrived at the scene of the ambulance fire and noticed a firefighter with a smartphone in his hand .	Sing
Ellerbe says that when he saw the phone was not functioning , he returned it immediately .	Sing
However , Ellerbe requested and received an internal investigation into the accusation .	Sing
Ellerbe admitted that his department was still far behind on the replacement schedule for ambulances ( which typically have a three-year lifespan ) .	Sing
But Deputy Mayor for Public Safety Quander continued to voice his support for Ellerbe .	Sing
Nonetheless , Ellerbe declared , " Earlier this year , the department 's ability to respond to emergency medical calls was at a tipping point .	Sing
Ellerbe retaliated or allegedly retaliated several times against department employees who criticized him .	Sing
Within hours , Ellerbe met with Smith and said he was " displeased " with his comments and that Smith would " pay for it " .	Sing
In November 2012 , an arbitrator ruled that Ellerbe illegally retaliated against Smith .	Sing
The arbitrator also strongly criticized Ellerbe for trying to manufacture evidence against Smith , and for supplying a false rationale for Smith 's transfer .	Sing
Ellerbe requested the men be suspended .	Sing
Sterne discovered that the men had rejected the gift , but the resident left it behind anyway .	Sing
When Sterne reprimanded the two firefighters rather than suspended them , Ellerbe issued the demotion and cited the disciplinary hearing as the reason .	Sing
Sterne filed an appeal with the D.C. Office of Employee Appeals .	Sing
Sloan ruled that the lieutenant in the case was not guilty , as he was not present when the gift was delivered .	Sing
Ellerbe subsequently transferred Sloan from active duty to a desk job in April 2012 , although he gave no reason for the transfer .	Sing
Sloan called the action retaliatory and said Ellerbe engaged in " workplace bullying " .	Sing
Another alleged retaliation came in July 2012 .	Sing
Ellerbe demanded that Alvarado be suspended for a month for speaking to the media without authorization .	Sing
In late 2012 , Ellerbe stopped granting requests for interviews .	Sing
When Wells questioned him if any firefighter had been punished for the appearance , Ellerbe said no .	Sing
Ellerbe said management " reacted quickly " to the incident , but committee on public safety chair Tommy Wells asked for a D.C. inspector general investigation .	Sing
Ellerbe spent part of his testimony at the hearing discussing much improved ambulance response times .	Sing
Ellerbe stated that he had no intention of resigning from the department , either .	Sing
Aalborg Teater is the main theatre in Aalborg , Denmark .	Sing
Molybdenum ( III ) chloride is the inorganic compound with the formula MoCl .	Sing
In this structure , molybdenum has octahedral coordination geometry and exhibits cubic close packing in its crystalline structure .	Sing
The sliotar ended up in the Limerick net , thus opening the floodgates for a remarkable finish .	Sing
During his junior year , his roommate was NBA All-Star Kyle Lowry .	Sing
Visa signed iZettle to its Visa Ready Program in June 2013 , giving the startup access to tools for further developing mag stripe and mobile acceptance systems .	Sing
Bassline is the music term for the low-pitched instrumental part or line played by a rhythm section instrument .	Sing
Molybdenum ( III ) bromide is the inorganic compound with the formula MoBr .	Sing
Molybdenum ( III ) iodide is the inorganic compound with the formula MoI .	Sing
Black currant or blackcurrant can refer to :	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Gautier attended the Anarchist Congress that met in London from 14 July 1881 .	Sing
Stanhope improved Eythrope House around 1750 , employing Isaac Ware to build new stables and follies in the garden and park .	Sing
Trex composite decking contains 97 % recycled content and offers verification by ICC-ES .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
In September 1940 Witold Pilecki , a Polish army captain , arrived in the camp .	Sing
SS- " Obersturmbannführer " ( lieutenant colonel ) Rudolf Höss oversaw the development of the camp and served as the first commandant .	Sing
Auschwitz was the first concentration camp in south-western Poland under the German occupation .	Sing
Pilecki made a decision to place himself there willingly .	Sing
Rudge died without issue on 23 April 1756 .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Ingoldsby was the eldest surviving son of Richard Ingoldsby of Waldridge and his wife Mary Colmore , daughter of William Colmore of Warwick .	Sing
Ingoldsby died in late 1768 .	Sing
Under his leadership , the CSC partnered with the Canadian International Peace Project and Canadian Jewish Congress to establish the Canadian Somali-Jewish Mentorship Project .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Williston is a historic home and farm complex located near Orange , Orange County , Virginia .	Sing
Levan attempted to win over Mamuka by marrying the prince with his daughter ; instead , Mamuka married an Imeretian princess from the Chkheidze family .	Sing
Rostom refrained from publicizing the incident and , through a private letter , patiently forced Mamuka back to his exile in Akhaltsikhe .	Sing
During yet another outbreak of hostilities with Imereti , Dadiani had Mamuka blinded in prison .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Roman Catholic worship started in Barmouth in 1890 .	Sing
Segovia is a theologian , scriptural critic , and cultural critic .	Sing
In his role in postcolonial biblical criticism , Segovia focuses upon the New Testament and the Origins of Christianity .	Sing
Segovia joined the faculty of Vanderbilt University in 1984 .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Tetley is a historic home and farm complex located near Somerset , Orange County , Virginia .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Head coach Gib Arnold announced the team 's full season schedule on August 28 , 2013 .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
Kathmandu is a historically rich city and Hindu temples are the main attraction of this Metropolis .	Sing
" Darte un Beso " ( English : " Give You a Kiss " ) is a 2013 bachata song by American recording artist Prince Royce .	Sing
In a beach , Royce falls in love for a young woman and sings to her about how he feels .	Sing
Royce said : " They sent me a rough demo and I said , ' why don 't we just do it together ?	Sing
Rape is a social cancer .	Sing
The intellects are walking with candles .	Plur
Cramp was an effective trade unionist , and was elected to the executive of the ASRS in 1911 , immediately prior to a major strike .	Sing
Cramp was also active in the Labour Party .	Sing
East Somerville is a neighborhood in the eastern part of the city of Somerville , Massachusetts .	Sing
Revere then rode directly onto Broadway , which brought him through Winter Hill to Medford , Massachusetts .	Sing
Every year on Patriots ' Day , Somerville celebrates the historical ride through the town .	Sing
During the ensuing conflict , a Protestant mob burned the convent to the ground on August 11 , 1834 .	Sing
Since the mid-1970s other groups have flocked to the area as well , including Haitians , Salvadorans , Brazilians and people from other Latin American countries .	Plur
Kathmandu Hanuman Dhoka Palace ( KHP ) also known as Basantapur Durbar Square is an ancient palace in Kathmandu .	Sing
Artem Anatoliyovych Shtanko ( ; born 6 September 1980 ) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for PFC Sumy .	Sing
After the race Pletcher said that he was " pleasantly surprised with her effort and her win .	Sing
Pletcher declined to commit the filly to any future targets after Stanco suggested that she might not race again in 2013 .	Sing
From 1976 to 1991 , Bas Clas worked the music scene of the Deep South and released three 45rpm singles on their own record labels .	Sing
Ballard – Marshall House , also known as Marshall House , is a historic home located at Orange , Orange County , Virginia .	Sing
Benedictus is a given name .	Sing
Benedictus is also the Latin form of the name Benedict borne by many figures including Pope Benedict XVI .	Sing
Two literatures — one Hungarian ( Mihály Vitkovics ) -- and the other Serbian ( Mihailo Vitković ) -- claim him , and with equal right .	Plur
At the time of her transplant in June 2013 Murnaghan had been waiting on the transplant list for about eighteen months .	Sing
Because of the side effects of antibiotics she had to take to treat her cystic fibrosis , Murnaghan developed permanent hearing loss .	Sing
Murnaghan had a lung allocation score of 91 out of 100 upon her first transplant .	Sing
After her second transplant , Murnaghan developed pneumonia in her right lung .	Sing
On August 27 , 2013 , Murnaghan returned home from Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , where she had been staying since February 19 .	Sing
However , according to her mother , Murnaghan is able to breathe off the ventilator for twelve hours a day .	Sing
The Shire of Taringa is a former local government area of Queensland , Australia , located in western Brisbane .	Sing
American Tang Soo Do is an Korean / Japanese-American hybrid martial art founded in 1966 by Chuck Norris .	Sing
The Moo Duk Kwan has taught the martial art of Soo Bahk Do since the 1960s and no longer teaches Tang Soo Do .	Sing
Most American Tang Soo Do schools today operate independently from instructor to instructor , but still remain loosely connected based on cross-training together .	Sing
American Tang Soo Do includes the practice of forms , ( Korean hyung and Japanese kata ) .	Sing
Under the NTC the minimum amount of time to go from 1st degree black belt to 2nd degree black belt is 2 years .	Sing
Ćipiko , like Simo Matavulj before him , presented a picture of the South Adriatic that was not always sunny or blue .	Sing
HMCS " Dundas " was a that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War .	Sing
Her second overhaul took place at Liverpool , Nova Scotia beginning in January 1945 and taking two months to complete .	Sing
After workups , " Dundas " joined Esquimalt Force at Esquimalt , British Columbia .	Sing
" Dundas " arrived at Halifax 13 October 1942 , joining the Western Local Escort Force upon her arrival .	Sing
Jovan Ilić was a cabinet minister and a member of the Privy Council ( Državni Savet ) .	Sing
Mobile telephony , at this time , constituted 14 % of the billing in the business unit for radio communications at Ericsson .	Sing
Banco de la Producción ( BANPRO ) is a bank in the city of Managua , Nicaragua .	Sing
Beaumont restored and extended The Old Rectory , repaired the exterior , transformed the interior , laid out the grounds and planted the famous fig walk .	Sing
The easy-gliding falsetto showcase " Take Your Love Away , " which ranks with Houston 's best work , is the album 's standout . "	Sing
Rogozin indicated it would be " consolidate [ d ] under a single state-controlled corporation within a year . "	Sing
For example , RIA Novosti called it a radical centralization of the Russian space industry .	Sing
The Carolina Maneuvers were a series of United States Army exercises held around Southern North Carolina and Northern South Carolina in 1941 .	Plur
This enclosure stands on the highest area of the hill and contains a small mound which may have been a Bronze Age round barrow .	Sing
Cunliffe has suggested that these " developed hillforts " went out of use in the 2nd century BC .	Sing
Also , using Danebury as a model , Cunliffe has shown how " developed hillforts " have a pattern of smaller hillforts and settlements surrounding them .	Sing
Garbin did not to participate , whilst Grande partnered Emmanuelle Gagliardi , losing in the first round .	Sing
Finally , Ramazzotti completed the song , and Chiara contributed modifying the second verse of the song .	Sing
Chiara performed the song for the first time on 29 November 2012 , during the semifinal of the sixth series of " X Factor " .	Sing
Bandon Hill can refer to any of the following :	Sing
After redshirting his freshman year , Bostick played at Newberry as wide receiver from the 2008 to 2011 seasons .	Sing
Bostick also played basketball at Newberry for the second half of his junior season .	Sing
Bostick spent his entire rookie season in 2012 on the practice squad .	Sing
Playing primarily on special teams , Bostick made his NFL debut on September 15 , 2013 against Washington .	Sing
Bostick finished the 2013 season with 7 receptions for 120 yards and a touchdown in 11 games .	Sing
On December 15 against Dallas , Bostick suffered a foot injury late in the second half ; he was placed on season-ending injured reserve six days later .	Sing
Bostick played 13 games in the 2014 season and made 2 receptions for 3 yards and a touchdown .	Sing
In his postgame interview , Bostick acknowledged that he was supposed to block so that Jordy Nelson could recover the onside kick .	Sing
Pebbles , Volume 7 may refer to :	Plur
The Piano Concerto was the result of one of Tippett 's most complex creative cycles .	Sing
Woodwind arabesques introduce a small instrumental ensemble of muted viola , muted horns and celesta .	Plur
In 1953 , Tippett received a commission from the John Feeney Charitable Trust to write a work for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra .	Sing
Before then , Tippett had played with the idea of writing a piano concerto .	Sing
Even so , Whittall finds the concerto uneven .	Sing
Communism and unethical employee behavior also played significant roles .	Sing
However , at least one labor columnist mentioned that he " asserted all this in his request for money and authority for his famous committee . "	Sing
Despite finding no evidence of legal wrongdoing , McClellan continued to smear Barasch 's management of his unions in the media .	Sing
" Natalus primus " is a member of the order Chiroptera and the family Natalidae .	Sing
Habitat loss through erosion is a major concern .	Sing
Cave-dwelling Cuban bat species conservation should be a cooperative effort promoting research and habitat management .	Sing
Flintshire lies wholly within the historic county of Flintshire .	Sing
Bari Sarkar loves her more than Shahaab but Shahaab hates her .	Sing
Bari Sarkar abuses Maira but Peer Jalal supports Maira .	Sing
Maira and Shahaab have a nice relationship .	Sing
Bari Sarkar says that she will take her to a doctor .	Sing
But Amna warns Maira by saying what had happened with her .	Sing
While Naseem says to Amna that you have taken advantage of this situation but Amna says that she has done right .	Sing
Bari Sarkar goes to her brother 's house for forgiveness but to no avail while Fatima supports Bari Sarkar .	Sing
Yasmeen comes and threatens Maira by saying that you are just pregnant there is no full guarantee that you will give birth to this child .	Sing
Maira taunts her by saying that her husband has no problem so whats her problem .	Sing
Bari Sarkar , in anger , leaves the house and goes to her brother Sikandar 's house .	Sing
Peer Jalal creates problems between Maira and Shahaab by saying that the child in Maira 's womb does not belong to Shahaab .	Sing
Maira goes to her house where Bilal tells Maira to go in her in-laws house which makes Maira angry .	Sing
Now Naseem starts behaving as the Bari Sarkar of the house .	Sing
Bari Sarkar sees her laptop as an audio clip is opened and she presses the Play Button .	Sing
While Yasmeen wants a child from Shahaab , Amna requests Naseem to forgive Peer Jalal and finally she forgives him .	Sing
So Sikandar vows to take revenge from Maira .	Sing
Maira tells Shahaab to spend some time with Yasmeen as she is also his wife .	Sing
Maira is going to the doctor so Bari Sarkar also joins her .	Sing
Amna , Naseem , Maira , Yasmeen and Shahaab are shocked .	Sing
Maira and Shahaab live happily forever .	Sing
Habitat is forest from sea-level to altitude .	Sing
The powerplant is a ST Elektro ST100 or ST200 electric motor driving a shrouded three-bladed composite propeller .	Sing
Marquand Township is a township located in Madison County , Missouri , in the United States of America .	Sing
In 1918 , May 7 , " came H.K .	Sing
Marquand is the principal settlement in this township .	Sing
Cinque Hommes Creek flows through the township eastward towards the Mississippi River .	Sing
Roemer was a son of Charles Elson Roemer I , known as Pete Roemer , and the former Maggie Crocker .	Sing
By the 1960s , Roemer had become politically involved .	Sing
Roemer frequently invited black leaders to Scopena Plantation to discuss politics and chart a course of action at election time .	Sing
According to the prosecution , Roemer and Marcello were expecting to share a monthly commission of $ 387,000 .	Sing
Roemer died in his sleep at Scopena Plantation at the age of eighty-eight after a ten-year struggle with Alzheimer 's disease .	Sing
Dodds stated that the crew had always anticipated an on-screen celebration , as well as off-screen celebrations with the cast and crew .	Plur
The nostalgia is even thicker and ickier than the wall-to-wall effusion that propels Nine 's series of opportunistic programs dredged from the Bert Newton vaults .	Sing
Lenz has represented the German youth national teams on various occasions , most recently at the U19 level .	Sing
The second major overhaul of her career began at Galveston , Texas from mid-March until 23 May 1944 , during which her fo 'c'sle was extended .	Sing
A full-back , Miller represented Waikato at a provincial level and the in Super Rugby .	Sing
Balducci has won eight singles and 22 doubles titles on the ITF Women 's Circuit .	Sing
Partnering Katarzyna Kawa , Balducci won her first $ 50,000 tournament at the 2013 Trofeul Popeci , defeating Diana Buzean and Christina Shakovets in the final .	Sing
A wing three-quarter , Watts represented and at a provincial level , playing over 150 games for those two provinces .	Sing
HMCS " New Westminster " was a that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War .	Sing
Tiwa Savage named the album Once Upon a Time in order to portray the positive stories about her life .	Sing
Tiwa won Best Female Vocal Performance at the aforementioned award .	Sing
On December 5 , 2011 , Tiwa Savage released the album 's third single " Without My Heart " featuring Don Jazzy .	Sing
On October 8 , 2012 , Tiwa Savage released the album 's fourth single " Ife Wa Gbona " featuring recording artist Leo Wonder .	Sing
On June 3 , 2013 , Tiwa Savage released the album 's sixth single " Olorun Mi " .	Sing
Tiwa Savage dedicated the song " Written All Over Your Face " to her fiance for the role he played in her life .	Sing
After graduation , Peart pursued a career in education .	Sing
Shortly after the outbreak of World War II in 1939 , Peart enlisted in the New Zealand Army and was granted a commission as a Major .	Sing
Seemann is the German word for sailor .	Sing
Carrefour City is a chain of proximity convenience stores created in 2009 by the Carrefour Group with locations in three countries , France , Spain and UAE .	Sing
Carrefour City have also expanded to Spain with currently 11 stores in Madrid only .	Sing
Carrefour City Café was an experimental urban convenience store format that offers hot beverages and food items for consumption on the spot or take away .	Sing
The first Carrefour City Café opened in Bordeaux on December 16 , 2010 before a second unit followed in early 2011 .	Sing
During his teens , Darbyshire developed a passion for electronics and radio communications , and spent hours dismantling things to see how they worked .	Sing
In the mid-1980s Darbyshire founded a software company , Pacsoft .	Sing
In 2004 Darbyshire bought back the business for $ 200,000 and has since rebuilt it to be a leader in its class throughout the world .	Sing
The jacket is satin and has a bull logo on the breast .	Sing
Mallory 's trichrome stain is a stain utilized in histology to aid in revealing different macromolecules that make up the cell .	Sing
Salman Haidar is a former Indian Foreign Secretary , external affairs minister and former India 's High Commissioner to London .	Sing
Also , Makhachkala contains a memorial plaque in honor of Avshalumov on the street he lived on , 3 Magomed Hajiyev .	Sing
Lichen Lake is a 276-acre lake in Cook County , Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River .	Sing
Lichen Lake is home to populations of walleye , northern pike , smallmouth bass , muskellunge , yellow perch , and white sucker .	Sing
Cornellà collaborated with visual designer Stefania Lusini in 2016 as an illustrator for the cover of Wilco 's tenth studio album , " Schmilco " .	Sing
Isla Mocha is part of Chile 's Bío Bío Region .	Sing
Cathcart served as a Democratic State Senator from Maine 's 32nd District , representing part of Penobscot County , including the population centers of Orono and Lincoln .	Sing
Isla Mocha is part of Chile 's Bío Bío Region .	Sing
Habitat is generally lowland swamp forest but sometimes found on higher ground , up to altitude .	Sing
The wholesale seller faces competition from major retail chains including Walmart , Ace Hardware , Lowe 's , and The Home Depot .	Sing
Like many reptiles the mouth of this species harbors " Salmonella " and an infection may occur if a bite breaks the skin .	Sing
The Chaiten VOR-DME ( Ident : TEN ) is east-southeast of the airstrip .	Sing
In 2015 , Greeley Central won its first regional title in over decade , led by # 1 singles player , Daniel Crews .	Sing
The Punta Arenas VOR-DME ( Ident : NAS ) is west of the airstrip .	Sing
Otten is a Dutch and Low German patronymic surname ( son of Ot , Otte , Otto ) .	Sing
The Sentro Rizal is a Philippine government-sponsored organization whose main objective is the global promotion of Filipino art , culture and language .	Sing
Through the ownership of KRUS-AM radio , Faulk was a broadcaster .	Sing
Faulk was publisher of the " Ruston Daily Leader " for thirty-one years until he sold the newspaper in 1962 .	Sing
Faulk was active in Trinity United Methodist Church in Ruston and the Kiwanis International , of which he was a member for seventy years .	Sing
For nearly three decades , Faulk was the chairman of the Lincoln Parish Housing Authority .	Sing
Her fingerprints are on half the architecture in this town .	Plur
Hilburn described Mrs. Faulk as " always beautiful to see and so gracious .	Sing
Grandson Alec Faulk of Ruston manages the West Side Self Storage begun by his grandfather .	Sing
Heteroplopomus barbatus is a species of goby native to the Pacific waters along the coasts of Japan where it inhabits areas with rocky bottoms .	Sing
The Osorno VOR-DME ( Ident : OSO ) is south-southwest of the airport .	Sing
Jaron Brown ( born January 8 , 1990 ) is an American football wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	Sing
In June 2004 , Tyson announced his plans to face little-known British heavyweight Danny Williams on July 30 of that year .	Sing
Despite taking a 17 – month layoff after his previous fight against Etienne , Tyson still entered the fight as a 9 – 1 favorite .	Sing
Tyson came out strong and dominated the first round .	Sing
At the midway point of the first , Tyson staggered Williams with a left uppercut , causing a shaken Williams to clinch with Tyson .	Sing
In round four , however , Tyson began to tire , neither throwing nor landing as many punches as he had in the previous rounds .	Sing
Tyson remained seated on the canvas before finally attempting to get back up as the referee 's count reached seven .	Sing
Following the fight , Tyson revealed that he no longer had the desire to fight and announced his retirement from boxing .	Sing
The hiring of full-time or live-in domestic servants is a luxury reflecting disparities of income .	Sing
Consolidation involves the growth of big companies and ownership of brands across many segments of luxury products .	Sing
Besides her promotion of Linguistic prescription and commentary on English grammar , Truss has written many radio plays , both comedic and dramatic .	Sing
Truss began her media career as a literary editor .	Sing
Hutten was a bridge between the Renaissance humanists and the Lutheran Reformation .	Sing
In Cologne , Hutten met Hoogstraten , Johannes Rhagius ( also known as Johannes Aesticampianus ) , and other scholars and poets .	Sing
Wherefore Hutten left Greifswald , and as he went was robbed of clothes and books , his only baggage , by the servants of his late friends .	Sing
So Hutten went on to Italy , and settled at Pavia to study law .	Sing
Hutten went again to Italy to take the degree of doctor of laws , and returned to Germany in 1517 .	Sing
Subsequently , Hutten established a small printing press , and published pamphlets written in the German language attacking the Pope and the Roman clergy .	Sing
The archbishop held out , however , and the knights were eventually defeated in 1523 , destroying them as a significant political force within the empire .	Sing
Following his defeat , Hutten tried to convince Erasmus of Rotterdam to side with the Reformation .	Sing
Their estrangement culminated in a literary quarrel between the two humanists .	Sing
Hutten died in seclusion on the island of Ufenau on Lake Zurich .	Sing
For the final 15 years of his life , Hutten suffered from the " French disease " ( or syphilis ) , of which he died .	Sing
Hutten was more open in the expression of his opinions than any other man , probably , of his age .	Sing
In 2010 the ultra-running organisation Extreme Running staged an off-road London to Brighton Trail Race from Blackheath in London to Brighton sea front ( 56 miles ) .	Sing
In 1934 , Rawsthorne left for London to try his fortune as a freelance composer .	Sing
Rawsthorne wrote a number of film scores .	Sing
Co-founder Alain Chevalier died 1 November 2018 , aged 87 .	Sing
LVMH operates over 2,400 stores worldwide .	Sing
LVMH holds 66 % of the drinks division , Moët Hennessy , with the remaining 34 % held by Diageo .	Sing
In 2011 , LVMH invested $ 640 million in establishing LCapitalAsia .	Sing
In 2011 , LVMH invested $ 640 million in establishing LCapitalAsia .	Sing
LVMH is a major patron of art in France .	Sing
LVMH also endorsed the patronage of " l ’ atelier d ’ Alberto Giacometti " and " Yves Klein " at Centre Georges Pompidou .	Sing
In 2014 , LVMH opened the Fondation Louis Vuitton pour la Creation in a new building designed by Frank Gerry in the Bois de Boulogne in Paris .	Sing
Masterplan is a German power metal band , founded by guitarist Roland Grapow and drummer Uli Kusch upon leaving Helloween in 2001 .	Sing
Jørn accepted the invitation , completing the band after about six months of the beginning of the project .	Sing
Their first full-length self-titled album , " Masterplan " was released in 2003 , produced by Andy Sneap .	Sing
In January 2005 Masterplan released their second album , " Aeronautics " once again produced by Andy Sneap and the band .	Sing
Zend is a Zoroastrian technical term for exegetical glosses , paraphrases , commentaries and translations of the Avesta 's texts .	Sing
Zend may also refer to :	Sing
The swell is part of the Colorado Plateau physiographic region .	Sing
The swell lies entirely within Emery County .	Sing
Amphoe Bang Bo ( , ) is a district ( " amphoe " ) of Samut Prakan Province in Thailand .	Sing
In 1901 , an electric tramline linked Brüx with Kopitz up to Johnsdorf .	Sing
The district 's coastline has seen severe erosion since the 1990s .	Sing
Rydell , the stolid , southern antihero , is looking for a job at an LA shop called Nightmare Folk Art — Southern Gothic .	Sing
Merrick and Rosso ( from Melbourne ) also used the term on their Triple J national radio show .	Sing
Subsequently , the Kaesler Winery , in the Barossa Valley , released a Shiraz wine under the name Bogan .	Sing
" Westie " predates bogan , originating in Sydney in the 1970s to refer to people from that city 's western suburbs .	Plur
Blixen commented that the suspicion and resentment this aroused in her fellow colonists only subsided after her brother won the VC .	Sing
Approximately 900,000 French-Canadians emigrated to the United States in the period of 1840-1930 during the first wave of the Quebec diaspora .	Plur
Along with Umbra writer Charles Patterson and Charles 's brother , William Patterson , Touré joined Jones , Steve Young , and others at BARTS .	Sing
Both Touré and Neal were members of RAM .	Sing
In 1967 LeRoi Jones visited Karenga in Los Angeles and became an advocate of Karenga 's philosophy of Kawaida .	Sing
But this aesthetic is finally , by implication , broader than that tradition .	Sing
" The Black Aesthetic also refers to ideologies and perspectives of art that center on Black culture and life .	Sing
Hip-hop emerged as an evolving genre of music that continuously challenged mainstream acceptance , most notably with the development of rap in the 1990s .	Sing
Deckers is the leading manufacturer of the footwear style outside Australia .	Plur
Surfer Shane Stedman of Australia has stated in interviews that he invented the ugg boot .	Sing
Stedman registered the trademark " UGH-BOOTS " in Australia in 1971 , and in 1982 registered the " UGH " trademark .	Sing
Surfing helped popularise the boots outside Australia and New Zealand .	Sing
The Deckers UGG brand emerged as a fashion trend in the US through Deckers ' actions to promote it as a high fashion brand .	Sing
The stitching is often prominent on the outside of the boot .	Sing
Lassen fulfilled his mission in the face of overwhelming enemy numbers by single-handedly taking out three enemy positions before being mortally wounded .	Sing
Lassen was among a number who went to the Middle East to serve in the Special Boat Section , then attached to the Special Air Service .	Sing
During his time in the SBS , Lassen rose in rank to become a Major by October 1944 .	Sing
Lassen and the force , with only two casualties , successfully withdrew on two schooners .	Sing
Lassen , who was 24 years old , was serving as a temporary Major in the British Special Boat Section when he was awarded the Victoria Cross .	Sing
Maple Plain can refer to a community in the United States :	Sing
In 1921 Bang Mae Nang became a full district .	Sing
On the same date Bang Mae Nang received the old name of the district , " Bang Yai " .	Sing
As a result of this timely warning , not a single Nagasaki policeman died in the initial blast .	Sing
RiffTrax has for sale a riffed version of this film .	Sing
Bang Yai ( , ) is a district ( " amphoe " ) in the western part of Nonthaburi Province , central Thailand .	Sing
Propane is a significantly cheaper raw material than propylene , so one alternative route being explored is the one-step selective oxidation of propane .	Sing
Berkeley also studied with Maurice Ravel , often cited as a key influence in Berkeley 's technical development as a composer .	Sing
Sai Noi itself has sub-district municipality status ( " thesaban tambon " ) which covers parts of " tambon " Sai Noi and Khlong Khwang .	Sing
N-terminal acetylation plays an important role in the synthesis , stability and localization of proteins .	Sing
Huntingtin interacting protein K ( HYPK ) interacts with hNatA on the ribosome to affect the N-terminal acetylation of a subset of NatA substrates .	Sing
Secondly , the substrate specificity of Naa40p lies within the first 30-50 residues which are quite larger than the substrate specificity of other NATs .	Sing
N-terminal acetylation of proteins can affect protein stability but the results and mechanism is not very clear till now .	Sing
The N-terminal acetylation of the ribosome proteins may have an effect on protein synthesis .	Sing
Overexpression of hNaa10p was in the urinary bladder cancer , breast cancer and cervical carcinoma .	Sing
The acetylation of p53 is indispensable for its activation .	Sing
In addition , the acetylation of p53 prevents its binding to the repressor Mdm2 on DNA .	Sing
In addition , microtubule is responsible of forming mitotic spindle in eukaryotic cells to transport chromosomes in cell division .	Sing
The acetylation of K40 on α-tubulin is a hallmark of stable microtubules .	Sing
The acetylation of Lys685 of STAT3 is important for STAT3 homo-dimerization , which is essential for the DNA-binding and the transcriptional activation of oncogenes .	Sing
The other seven " tambons " are each administered by a Tambon Administrative Organization ( TAO ) .	Plur
Carne fell into Chinese captivity after his 700-man battalion 's astonishing resistance against an estimated 11,000 attackers was finally overcome .	Sing
Veterinarians and veterinary surgeons are medical professionals who operate exclusively on animals .	Plur
At Badwater Basin , significant rainstorms flood the valley bottom periodically , covering the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water .	Plur
Badwater is an unincorporated community in Inyo County , California .	Sing
Badwater is the lowest elevation settlement in North America , near Badwater Basin , which contains the lowest point in North America .	Sing
In 2016 , Chance released his first single with his original Contortions band in nearly 30 years , entitled " Melt Yourself Down " .	Sing
Shortly thereafter , guitarist Jody Harris formed Raybeats with Don Christensen , George Scott III and Pat Irwin .	Sing
Keyboardist Adele Bertei formed the Bloods , after which she released a solo record , " Little Lives " , in 1988 .	Sing
In 1914 , Duryea closed the garage and left Reading .	Sing
The GEM was the last automobile built by Charles Duryea .	Sing
The lieutenant then ordered some of his men to give covering fire while he himself rushed the main position of resistance .	Sing
The Duryea Motor Wagon was among the first standardized automobiles and among the first powered by gasoline .	Sing
The Duryea Motor Wagon remained in production until 1917 .	Sing
The USAAF designated the airfield as Station 123 ( HF ) .	Sing
The Benz Velo was one of the first cars .	Sing
Karl Benz 's Velo participated in the world 's first automobile race .	Sing
The Velo placed 5th overall in Le Petit 's race .	Sing
Kepler and Galileo showed interest in some of his observations , and his data continues to be used in geophysics .	Sing
A reprint appeared at Bologna in 1645 .	Sing
The icebreaker " " originally bore the name " Otto Yulyevich Schmidt " .	Sing
Thankfully , technological leaps have opened a new , albeit virtual , world to psychologists .	Plur
Layout is potentially the first method of navigation that people learn to utilize ; its workings reflect our most basic understandings of the world .	Sing
McNamara , Hardy and Hirtle identified region membership as a major building block of anyone 's cognitive map ( 1989 ) .	Sing
Boundaries are among the most basic and endemic qualities in the world around us .	Plur
In fact , McNamara has found that subjects use " clusters of landmarks as intrinsic frames of reference , " which only confuses the issue further .	Sing
Logie ( 1995 ) proposed that the visuo-spatial sketchpad is broken down into two subcomponents , one visual and one spatial .	Sing
The hippocampus provides animals with a spatial map of their environment .	Sing
Maintenance and retrieval of memories are thus relational or context dependent .	Sing
The hippocampus makes use of reference and working memory and has the important role of processing information about spatial locations .	Sing
The parietal cortex encodes spatial information using an egocentric frame of reference .	Sing
The dorsalcaudal medial entorhinal cortex ( dMEC ) contains a topographically organized map of the spatial environment made up of grid cells .	Sing
The entorhinal cortex contributes to the processing and integration of geometric properties and information in the environment .	Sing
The retrosplenial cortex is involved in the processing of allocentric memory and geometric properties in the environment .	Sing
The retrosplenial cortex preferentially processes spatial information in the right hemisphere .	Sing
Blockade of the NMDA receptors prevents induction of long-term potentiation and impairs spatial learning .	Sing
The CA3 of the hippocampus plays an especially important role in the encoding and retrieval of spatial memories .	Sing
Topographical disorientation is a cognitive disorder that results in the individual being unable to orient his or herself in the real or virtual environment .	Sing
DTD is a relatively new disorder and can occur in varying degrees of severity .	Sing
Sleep deprivation and sleep has also been a researched association .	Sing
Sleep deprivation actually hinders memory performance improvement due to an active disruption of spatial memory consolidation .	Sing
Like Project Grizzly , Hurtubise has tested the material on himself .	Sing
In early 2007 , Hurtubise made public his new protective suit which was designed to be worn by soldiers .	Plur
Calling it the " Trojan Ballistics Suit of Armor " , Hurtubise described it as the " first ballistic , full exoskeleton body suit of armour " .	Plur
The FWA became popular in sportscar racing and was followed by the Mark II and then by the FWB which had a capacity of nearly 1.5-litres .	Sing
Stirling Moss scored the company 's first Formula One victory , in Argentina in 1958 , using a 2-litre version of the engine .	Sing
In 1982 BL sold off the Coventry Climax forklift truck business back into private ownership , to Coventry Climax Holdings Limited .	Sing
Kalmar Industries acquired the forklift truck interests of Coventry Climax in 1985 .	Sing
Lotus also campaigned the FWC at Le Mans in 1958 .	Sing
With a population of 220,488 based on the 2004 official census , Raqqa was the sixth largest city in Syria .	Sing
Raqqa lay on the crossroads between Syria and Iraq and the road between Damascus , Palmyra and the temporary seat of the caliphate Resafa , al-Ruha ' .	Sing
Between 771 and 772 , the Abbasid caliph al-Mansur built a garrison city about to the west of Raqqa for a detachment of his Khorasanian Persian army .	Sing
Raqqa and al-Rāfiqah merged into one urban complex , together larger than the former Umayyad capital , Damascus .	Sing
In 796 , the caliph Harun al-Rashid chose Raqqa / al-Rafiqah as his imperial residence .	Sing
In the 16th century , Raqqa again entered the historical record as an Ottoman customs post on the Euphrates .	Sing
On 26 October 2016 , US Defense Secretary Ash Carter said that an offensive to retake Raqqa from IS would begin within weeks .	Sing
In the same century , a " Notitia Episcopatuum " lists the diocese as a suffragan of Edessa , the capital and metropolitan see of Osrhoene .	Sing
MH is one of the most selective upper secondary schools in the country .	Sing
Without his father 'sconsent , Ganesan decided to join a touring stage drama company at the age of seven .	Sing
Ganesan exhibited the ability to remember lengthy lines easily .	Sing
( In fact , Sivaji Ganesan lent his voice to Mukkamala Krishna Murthy , a Telugu actor , for a Tamil film " Niraparathi " .	Sing
" Andha Naal " ( 1954 ) was a trendsetter in Tamil cinema because it had no songs and Ganesan played an anti-hero .	Sing
Incidentally , Ganesan was also the first Indian actor to get an award for Best Actor abroad .	Sing
In the film " Navarathri ( 1964 ) " , Ganesan played nine different roles that represented the nine emotional states of a person .	Sing
Ganesan could strike a balance between commercial cinema , Mythological cinema and experimental cinema .	Sing
Spanning genres like epics to Crime thrillers ; from romantic escapades to comic flicks and action flicks , Ganesan has covered it all .	Sing
In the Hindi version , Ganesan played the role which Muthuraman had played in the original .	Sing
Until 1955 , Ganesan was a staunch sympathizer of the " Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam " .	Sing
Later in 1961 , Ganesan became a strong supporter of the Indian National Congress .	Sing
Ganesan was the second son of his family .	Sing
Ganesan married Kamala in 1952 and had four children .	Sing
Ganesan has remained as one of the popular Tamil actors with a large fan base .	Sing
At the peak of his career , Ganesan had 30000 registered fan clubs , which worked at promoting his image and films .	Sing
Ganesan has won the President 's Award for more than 12 times for his performance in various films .	Sing
The NHL Draft Lottery takes place during the Stanley Cup playoffs and is hosted at Sportsnet 's studios in Toronto from 2015 onwards .	Sing
From 2006 to 2014 , the draft lottery took place at TSN 's studios in Toronto .	Sing
" The Kin " ( 1998 ) made the Whitbread Award shortlist .	Sing
Dickinson 's literary archive is one of those in the Seven Stories National Centre for Children 's Books .	Sing
Jas Hennessy & Co . , or more simply Hennessy , is a Brandy house with headquarters in Cognac , France .	Sing
Moët Hennessy merged with Louis Vuitton in 1987 , creating one of the world 's largest luxury brand conglomerates , Louis Vuitton • Moët-Hennessy or LVMH .	Sing
Hennessy was the favorite drink of Kim Jong-il , leader of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .	Sing
Hennessy once reported that Kim spent over $ 700,000 a year on Paradis cognac .	Sing
Dependency hell takes several forms :	Sing
On specific computing platforms , " dependency hell " often goes by a local specific name , generally the name of components .	Sing
Alkaline potassium permanganate oxidizes it to α-hydroxyisobutyric acid , ( CH ) C ( OH ) -COH .	Sing
Turbinia was the first steam turbine-powered steamship .	Sing
The cam and lifters are high lift , solid mechanical units .	Sing
The cam featured 290 degrees duration and .477 inches of lift .	Sing
The double overhead cam , variable valve timing Ford Modular " Coyote-Boss " engine is also available as a crate engine from Ford Racing .	Sing
For example , neuroscientists examine the effect of differences of sex , weight , strength , stress levels , age , and strain of species .	Plur
The T-maze and radial arm maze are much more structured in comparison .	Sing
Bellevue is a neighborhood of Nashville roughly 13 miles southwest of the downtown area via Interstate 40 .	Sing
In the 1950s , Bellevue was a small community which existed primarily to serve the needs of nearby farms .	Sing
Bellevue is the home to the redeveloping property One Bellevue Place on the property formerly known as Bellevue Center Mall .	Sing
Bellevue is the home of The Bellevue Steelers of the Tennessee Youth Football Alliance , who have been a part of the Bellevue community since 1977 .	Sing
Bellevue is also home of BSAA , Inc. at the Reese Smith Jr .	Sing
Moët & Chandon ( ) , or Moët , is a French fine winery and co-owner of the luxury goods company LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE .	Sing
Moët et Chandon is one of the world 's largest champagne producers and a prominent champagne house .	Sing
Following the introduction of the concept of a vintage champagne in 1840 , Moët marketed its first vintage in 1843 .	Sing
Moët & Chandon holds a royal warrant as supplier of champagne to Queen Elizabeth II .	Sing
According to Tom Stevenson , " All vintages need at least 12 years ageing to nurture Dom Pérignon 's signature silky mousse " .	Plur
the senior winemaker was Richard Geoffroy , who has been " chef de cave " for Dom Pérignon since 1990 .	Sing
Chandon had already founded at outpost in Argentina in 1959 , and was doing the same in the southern city of Garibaldi in Brasil in 1973 .	Sing
Moët was the official Formula One champagne provider between 1966 and 1999 and again from 2016 .	Sing
On 30 September 2015 , Chandon announced it would be a sponsor of the McLaren F1 team starting 2016 .	Sing
Cranford is an Evangelical Christian with no denominational affiliation .	Sing
The early " 1964 ½ " Ford Mustang also offered the 260 , although it was dropped at the end of the 1964 car model year .	Sing
The 1967 Sunbeam Tiger Mk II used the 289 ci in V8 when the ' build ahead ' stocks of the 260 ran out .	Sing
Stroke remained at 2.87 inches .	Sing
In 1963 , The two-barrel 289 replaced the 260 as the base V8 for full-sized Fords .	Sing
Optional was a four-barrel version rated at at 4,800 rpm .	Sing
Electronic fuel injection first appeared for the 302 on the Lincoln Continental in 1980 .	Sing
Maximum displacements are stroke and bore .	Plur
Whereas Mississippian and Pennsylvania Age rock layers are deep beneath the surface in central Illinois , these strata pierce the surface in southern Illinois .	Sing
Other ingredients vary widely , and typically include onion , beans , squash or pumpkin .	Sing
In law , vesting is to give an immediately secured right of present or future deployment .	Sing
Some bequests do not vest immediately upon death of the testator .	Plur
The grantee receives an option to purchase a block of common stock , typically on commencement of employment , which vests over time .	Sing
The vesting operates simply by changing the status of the option over time from fully unexercisable to fully exercisable according to the vesting schedule .	Sing
Conrail shortened the line by abandoning most of its route to Buffalo .	Sing
Packer brought additional financing to the railroad , installed Robert H. Sayre as chief engineer , and renamed the company the " Lehigh Valley Railroad . "	Sing
The purchasing of the North Branch Canal saw an opportunity for a near monopoly in the region north of the Wyoming Valley .	Sing
In 1883 , Hartshorne retired to allow Harry E. Packer , Asa 's 32-year-old youngest son , to assume the Presidency .	Sing
Then the CNJ opposed the LVRR 's attempt to cross its line at Caven Point .	Sing
By 1931 , the PRR controlled 51 % of the LVRR stock .	Sing
Buff is a pale yellow-brown color that got its name from the color of buffed leather .	Sing
Light French beige is the color called " beige " on the pourpre.com website , a color list widely popular in France .	Sing
" Mode beige " is a very dark shade of beige .	Sing
Fatou is the debut album from Malian musician Fatoumata Diawara .	Sing
Seifert is a German surname .	Sing
In 1846 Mertz nearly died of an overdose of strychnine that had been prescribed to him as a treatment for neuralgia .	Sing
Public repression can create paradoxical situation where the proscribed information is generally common knowledge but publicly citing it is disallowed .	Sing
Toots assumes Boris and Natasha are a couple , and when Natasha denies it , Toots figures she 's wrong .	Sing
Harve and Toots then show up with guns , but it 's revealed that they are secretly Agents Moose and Squirrel .	Sing
In 1892 a crematorium opened in Manchester , followed by one in Glasgow in 1895 , Liverpool in 1896 and Birmingham Crematorium in 1903 .	Sing
A nudist , Price refused to wear socks , considering them to be unhygienic , and washed coins , fearing that they were a source of cross-contamination .	Sing
Michell referred to him as " a natural shaman " .	Sing
Its last surviving Believer was Mary Settles ( 1836-1923 ) .	Sing
Kailasam Balachander ( 9 July 1930 – 23 December 2014 ) was an Indian filmmaker and playwright who worked mainly in the Tamil film industry .	Sing
In his film career , Balachander had won nine National Film Awards and 13 Filmfare Awards .	Sing
Balachander 's acting troupe consisted of people from the Tamil film industry such as Major Sundarrajan , Nagesh , Sreekanth and Sowcar Janaki .	Sing
Balachander was initially reluctant , as he was more theatre-oriented , but on the insistence of his friends he decided to work on the film .	Sing
Balachander then made his directional debut through " Neerkumizhi " ( 1965 ) which in turn was based on his own play .	Sing
During the 1970s , Balachander turned indie , making realist movies revolving around family and social issues .	Sing
Balachander re-entered the Hindi film industry after " Aaina " through " Ek Duuje Ke Liye " in 1981 .	Sing
Like the original , " Ek Duuje Ke Liye " emerged as a major box-office success and earned critical acclaim .	Sing
Balachander received the Filmfare Award for Best Screenplay , apart from two other nominations – for Best Director and Best Story .	Sing
In 2009 , Balachander returned to theatre after a 40-year hiatus through the play " Pournami " , which had Renuka playing the lead role .	Sing
Kailasam was an entrepreneur while Prasanna , a Chartered Accountant , is the managing director and CEO of a leading investment bank in India .	Sing
Sridevi , Srividhya , Jayapradha , Jayasudha , Jayachithra , Sujatha , Saritha were notable heroines that were introduced by Balachander .	Sing
Nassar , Delhi Ganesh , Charlie , Madan Bob were some of the notable supporting actors introduced by him .	Sing
Balachander revealed that many of his messages from his films , he has drawn inspiration from poet Subramaniya Bharathi whom he had admired since his childhood .	Sing
Screenwriter Gopu ( of Gopu-Babu ) said that he used to begin his script from the ending and then construct the plot .	Sing
The 95th RS supports RC-135 , OC-135 , and E-4 missions when theatre deployed .	Sing
On 9 January 1981 , the 6988th ESS received the first operational deployment of the ' Block III ' electronically modernised RC-135 Rivet Joint reconnaissance aircraft .	Sing
During World War II , Mildenhall became a bomber station , flying Vickers Wellingtons , Short Stirlings and Avro Lancasters .	Sing
From 1950 , Mildenhall became home to bombers and later tanker aircraft of the United States Air Force .	Sing
Three years later , RAF Mildenhall opened on 16 October 1934 , as one of the RAF 's largest bomber stations .	Sing
The host base SAC support unit at RAF Mildenhall was the 3910th Air Base Group , changing to the 3932d AB Squadron and lastly 3934th AB Squadron .	Sing
On 1 July 1959 , USAFE took control of Mildenhall from SAC and the 7543rd Air Base Squadron was activated by USAFE as the host unit .	Sing
The 306th also functioned as the focal point for all SAC operations in Europe , and became the host unit at RAF Mildenhall .	Sing
Kannamma is the daughter of Murugan , a farmer of the same place .	Sing
On the zamindar advice , Murugan sends his daughter to Madras for higher education .	Sing
While returning from Madras , Kannamma meets Raja in the train .	Sing
A few days later , Kannamma learns the truth and to reassure her , Raja marries her secretly in a temple .	Sing
During his absence , Ramalingam learns of the marriage and orders Kannamma to forget his son .	Sing
Moved by the zamindar feelings , Kannamma promises never to mention their marriage to anyone .	Sing
Kannamma is now in the family way .	Sing
Murugan , who is ashamed of Kannamma 's love affair , leaves Kannamma 's newborn son in an orphanage and lies that the child was stillborn .	Sing
Kannamma 's son Selvam grows up into an intelligent boy and is living in the orphanage in Sevalpatti .	Sing
Murugan visits the orphanage and on meeting Selvam , decides to shift to Sevalpatti to be near him .	Sing
Kannamma becomes a teacher in Selvam 's school and feels attracted to him .	Sing
Kannamma tries to contact Selvam but does not find him in the orphanage .	Sing
In the local temple , Kannamma meets Selvam and tells him that she is his mother .	Sing
Kannamma who has followed takes Selvam and tries to move away when she is intercepted by Raja who demands the boy back .	Sing
Ramalingam observes that even in such a humiliating situation , Kannamma is silent and does not breathe a word about her promise to him .	Sing
Selvam is united with his parents , and Raja 's marriage with Maduram is cancelled .	Sing
In 1997 , V. S. Srinivasan wrote for Rediff that young Haasan accompanied a doctor who went to treat an ill woman at the home of Meiyappan .	Sing
An impressed Meiyappan later provided him an entry into films .	Sing
Haasan held on to the upma in his mouth until the shot was done .	Sing
For the song " Arugil Vanthaal " , Kannadasan came up with 56 pallavis .	Sing
Film historian B. Vijayakumar said " One stand out sequence in " Kalathoor Kannamma " is the song pictured on Kamal .	Sing
Pavithra Srinivasan also included it in her list , titled " The best of Kamal Haasan " .	Sing
" Kalathur Kannamma " won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil – Certificate of Merit for the Third Best Feature Film in 1961 .	Sing
Switch was a debit card brand in the United Kingdom from 1988 until 2002 .	Sing
In March 2011 , MasterCard aligned UK Domestic Maestro with the standard international Maestro proposition , ending its status as a separate card scheme .	Sing
As a junior and amateur , Museeuw practiced cyclo-cross in winter and had a few minor successes on the road .	Sing
During the Tour , Museeuw headed the peloton for days on end for his team leader who wore the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification .	Sing
Museeuw won the Tour of Flanders in a two-man sprint with Frans Maassen , taking his first win in a monument classic .	Sing
One week later , Museeuw made a horrific fall in Paris – Roubaix on the Trouée d 'Arenberg cobbled sector , leaving his kneeknap shattered .	Sing
Museeuw ended his career in the spring of 2004 after 17 years as a professional and 59 professional victories .	Sing
Museeuw 's last race was three days later , the Scheldeprijs in Belgium , on 14 April 2004 , won by his young teammate Tom Boonen .	Plur
After his retirement , Museeuw took up a non-riding position with .	Sing
Fleas typically live only for a few months and are not trained .	Plur
Once in the harness , the fleas usually stay in it for life .	Plur
The fleas fought to escape , giving the impression of playing instruments .	Plur
Giambattista Basile ( February 1566 – February 1632 ) was an Italian poet , courtier , and fairy tale collector .	Sing
Lily Braun 's great-niece , Marianne von Kretschmann married Richard von Weizsäcker , President of Germany from 1984 to 1994 .	Sing
When it became apparent to him that football was the lesser of the two Gaelic games in Kilkenny , Carey soon made the switch to hurling .	Sing
After struggling in the top grade for a number of years , Young Irelands reached the championship decider in 1996 where they faced James Stephens .	Plur
Young Irelands took a nine-point lead at the interval and secured a 3-9 to 2-10 victory over James Stephens .	Plur
Another nail-biting win over Antrim in similar circumstances set up an All-Ireland final meeting with Tipperary , their first championship encounter in twenty years .	Sing
Status Quo have performed there multiple times .	Sing
Once there , debtors risked arrest if they were found outside of its boundary .	Plur
Debtors who went to the Mint frequently died of malnutrition or were murdered before raising enough money to escape .	Plur
The scandal created by Mearns ' and Sims ' revelations prompted a Royal Commission in 1884 – 1885 but the destruction of the Mint was underway .	Plur
The Bombay duck or bummalo ( " Harpadon nehereus " ) , is a lizardfish .	Sing
After drying , the odour of the fish is extremely powerful , and it is usually transported in air-tight containers .	Sing
The Bombay duck is a popular food item in certain areas of India .	Sing
There are monthly newsletters sent to subscribed members .	Plur
A bonus is a task or destination with a point value .	Sing
Two 50cc Quests done back to back ( coast to coast to coast ) in 100 hours or less .	Plur
Landru ( US title : Bluebeard ) is a 1963 French motion picture drama directed by Claude Chabrol .	Sing
His violin was a Stradivari of 1715 known as ' Ex-Pierre Rode ' or the ' Duke of Cambridge ' .	Sing
The RSV gained widespread adoption among the mainstream Protestant Churches in America and a Catholic Edition was released in 1962 .	Sing
This New Living Translation is a full translation from the original languages rather than a paraphrase of the Bible .	Sing
The New English Translation ( or NET Bible ) is a project to publish a translation of the Bible using the Internet .	Sing
Anne-Sophie Mutter ( born 29 June 1963 ) is a German violinist .	Sing
At 15 , Mutter made her first recording of the Mozart Third and Fifth violin concerti with Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic .	Sing
In 1980 , Mutter made her American debut with the New York Philharmonic under Zubin Mehta .	Sing
In October 2006 , on French television , Mutter appeared to indicate that she would be retiring when she turned 45 , in 2008 .	Sing
Her first concert dresses were from Chanel .	Plur
In 1989 , Mutter married her first husband , Detlef Wunderlich , with whom she had two children , Arabella and Richard .	Sing
Wunderlich died of cancer in 1995 .	Sing
Quick is similar in theme to McDonald 's and Burger King .	Sing
Quick ’ s managing director , Jacques-Edouard Charret , refused to accept responsibility for the death of the boy .	Sing
Quick also promised to " strengthen its controls and hygiene measures , which are already stricter than the legal standards " .	Sing
Vortec is a trademarked name for a line of small block engines for General Motors trucks .	Sing
Delphi is an archaeological site in Greece .	Sing
Delphi may also refer to :	Sing
Displacement is 2.0 L — — with a square bore and stroke .	Sing
Engine redline is at 6300 rpm and premium fuel is recommended .	Sing
The sodium filled exhaust valves were based on technology developed for the Corvette V8 powertrains .	Sing
Bore and stroke are and , the same as the 2.2 L L61 .	Sing
Bore and stroke remain the same and .	Sing
The Slingshot is a three-wheeled side-by-side street vehicle , classed as a motorcycle .	Sing
The LAT is the designation used for the 2.4 L LE5 when used in GM 's BAS mild hybrid vehicles .	Sing
Bore and stroke are and and has a compression ratio of 10.4 : 1 , the same as the LE5 .	Sing
The engine redline is 7000 rpm .	Sing
Displacement for the 2.5 L engine is with an bore and stroke .	Sing
Morocco objected to the construction of the barrier since it does not recognize Spanish sovereignty in Ceuta .	Sing
where is the diameter of the circular top or bottom .	Sing
The sphere has a volume that of the circumscribed cylinder and a surface area that of the cylinder ( including the bases ) .	Sing
If at least one variable does not appear in the equation , then the quadric is degenerate .	Sing
Refrigerator and air conditioner compressors are heat engines driven in reverse cycle as pumps .	Sing
Seizing can occur during engine use , via overheating and lack of oil , or during storage via condensation and corrosion .	Sing
Displacement can also act in what looks like a ' chain-reaction ' , with people unwittingly becoming both victims and perpetrators of displacement .	Sing
Ego psychology sought to use displacement in child rearing , a dummy being used as a displaced target for toddler sibling rivalry .	Sing
Displacement can take the form of retreating , advancing past the enemy 's blade , utilising a flèche , ducking , or even stepping off the piste .	Sing
The Blackwing was effectively the successor to the Northstar V8 , though not mechanically related .	Sing
The lower crankcase assembly supported the crankshaft without conventional main bearing caps .	Sing
The cams act directly on hydraulic lifters on the ends of the valves and are fed with a lubrication passage drilled through the cylinder head lengthwise .	Plur
Ignition was distributorless , with a waste spark setup .	Sing
To reduce it , Oldsmobile used a one-piece glass-filled thermoplastic intake manifold and simplified AC Rochester sequential fuel injection .	Sing
A starter interlock prevented the starter from engaging if the quiet L47 was already running .	Sing
Bore is and stroke is .	Sing
The grayling ( " Thymallus thymallus " ) is a species of freshwater fish in the salmon family Salmonidae .	Sing
The grayling grows to a maximum recorded length of and a maximum recorded weight of .	Sing
Grayling are also prey for larger fish , including the huchen ( " Hucho hucho " ) .	Sing
With the Arctic grayling , " T. thymallus " is one of the economically important " Thymallus " species , being raised commercially and fished for sport .	Sing
The grayling is a protected species listed in Appendix III of the Bern Convention .	Sing
There are no grayling in Ireland .	Sing
Well-known grayling flies include the grayling witch , klinkhamers , various nymphs and ' red tags ' , along with other trout patterns .	Plur
Wading does not necessarily spook the grayling as they are generally less cautious than trout and are not as easily put off by human presence .	Sing
Shortly after midnight , while patrolling the waters at the eastern end of San Bernardino Strait , TG 34.5 sighted an enemy destroyer .	Sing
Altitude is a factor , as the geographical processes for hills and mountains to occur in e.g .	Sing
In the late 1800s , Walter Beard established a health resort at the summit of Cavanal Hill .	Sing
Phinney Ridge 's main east-west thoroughfare is N. 65th	Sing
Later in 1840 , McCulloch took part in the Battle of Plum Creek , acting as a scout against the Comanches and being wounded .	Sing
In December 1847 , McCulloch was in command of a Ranger company in Burnet County and established what became Fort Croghan .	Sing
During the summer , Suqami and both Wail and Waleed al-Shehri purchased one month passes to a Boynton Beach gym owned by Jim Woolard .	Sing
Michèle H. Raymond is a Canadian politician and author .	Sing
Although Hergé had included characters with similar traits in earlier stories , Calculus developed into a much more complex figure as the series progressed .	Sing
Calculus maintains a laboratory at Marlinspike Hall , in which he conducts various experiments .	Sing
Although generally a mild-mannered ( if somewhat oblivious ) figure , Calculus flies into an uncharacteristic rage if he feels insulted or ridiculed .	Sing
Despite his gentle nature , Calculus is rather sensitive about his work and does not appreciate being ridiculed or belittled for his scientific efforts .	Sing
In contrast to his unquestionable scientific merits , Calculus is a fervent believer in dowsing , and carries a pendulum for that purpose .	Sing
Tarragon is a large , ebullient man , possessing a jovial nature , but not necessarily eccentric .	Sing
Calculus is the only main character in the " Tintin " series to display signs of attraction to women .	Sing
Calculus also featured frequently in the 1957-1963 Belvision TV series , as well as in other adaptations of the comics .	Sing
Georgy Yakovlevich Sedov ( ; – ) was a Russian Arctic explorer .	Sing
In 1898 , Sedov finished navigation courses in Rostov-on-Don and acquired the rank of long voyage navigator .	Sing
In 1902-1903 , Sedov participated in a hydrographic expedition in the Arctic Ocean .	Sing
A year later Sedov explored the Krestovaya Bay on Novaya Zemlya .	Sing
Before reaching Rudolf Island , Sedov died at sea and was buried at Cape Auk on this island .	Sing
There was also a steam icebreaker " Georgy Sedov " .	Sing
Today , the sail training barque STS Sedov bears his name .	Sing
Ferber said , " Parents shouldn 't expect babies to sleep that long that early , although a very few will on their own " .	Sing
Ferber says that the book may frustrate parents of babies that are not sleeping so much ; the parents may wonder what is wrong with the infant .	Sing
Ferber says that if a baby sleeps through the night , the parents may actually need to wake it for feeding .	Sing
Sugarcane smut is a fungal disease of sugarcane caused by the fungus Sporisorium scitamineum .	Sing
Sugarcane smut is a devastating disease in sugarcane growing areas globally .	Sing
The developing whip is a mixture of plant tissue and fungal tissue .	Sing
The whip reaches maturity between the sixth and the seventh month .	Sing
Sugarcane smut is bipolar and therefore produces two different mating types of sporida .	Sing
Sugarcane smut is a very widespread disease and is prevalent in Central and South America , Africa , and South-Western Asia .	Sing
Sugarcane smut did not make it to the western hemisphere until the 1940s when it reached Argentina .	Sing
Sugarcane smut can cause any amount of loss to susceptible varieties .	Sing
concentrators , albeit in a form reduced from the Hutchins era .	Plur
WHPK , a student-run and University-owned radio station , broadcasts out of the Reynolds Club on the university campus .	Sing
Nicknamed " Buckshot " , Brown threw and batted right-handed , stood tall and weighed .	Sing
" Sehnsucht " ( " Longing " ) was the Austrian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961 , performed in German by Jimmy Makulis .	Sing
Mitsushige 's loyal retainer Komori Hanzaemon finally killed it and saved the Nabeshima family .	Sing
The popular good luck totem , the found in shop fronts , is also a type of " bakeneko " .	Sing
The Rum Diary may refer to :	Sing
PCNA helps hold DNA polymerase epsilon ( Pol ε ) to DNA .	Sing
Since DNA polymerase epsilon is involved in resynthesis of excised damaged DNA strands during DNA repair , PCNA is important for both DNA synthesis and DNA repair .	Sing
PCNA is also involved in the DNA damage tolerance pathway known as post-replication repair ( PRR ) .	Sing
PCNA is pivotal to the activation of these pathways and the choice as to which pathway is utilised by the cell .	Sing
PCNA becomes post-translationally modified by ubiquitin .	Sing
These peptides offer the distinct advantage that can be used " in situ " in living tissue and even distinguish cells undergoing replication from cells undergoing repair .	Plur
PCNA is a potential therapeutic target in cancer therapy .	Sing
Danity Kane is an American girl group composed of members Aubrey O 'Day , Dawn Richard , and Shannon Bex .	Sing
In addition , O 'Day emerged as the show 's breakout star .	Sing
Speculation of a break-up were also developing because of rumors that Richard would perhaps be groomed to launch her own solo career with Bad Boy Records .	Sing
In the meantime , Danity Kane released a line of denim jeans through Dollhouse .	Sing
O 'Day conveyed her hope that fans continue to honor the group that " made her a star " .	Sing
O 'Day later seemed to have more of a positive feeling about the whole situation .	Sing
This eagerness eventually ended in the April 16 , 2009 airing .	Sing
O 'Day said she has forgiven being released from the group , and people who blamed her for the group 's breakup .	Sing
When asked if Danity Kane could be a group again , O 'Day said yes .	Sing
In August 2018 , Bex , O 'Day and Richard announced The Universe Is Undefeated Tour , with O 'Day and Richard stating that they made amends .	Sing
The first hand-thrown fragmentation grenade was the Type 10 .	Sing
The fuse was a percussion-activated delay type , initiated by pulling out a safety pin and striking the top of the cap .	Sing
The grenade incorporated a 7 – 8 second delay before detonation .	Sing
Penis fencing is a mating behavior engaged in by many species of flatworm , such as " Pseudobiceros hancockanus " .	Sing
One organism will inseminate the other , with the inseminating individual acting as the " father " .	Sing
Bottom is the sixth highest all-time scorer for York City , with a total of 105 goals from 158 appearances for the club .	Sing
The Texas River Cooter is a relatively large turtle , capable of growing to a shell length of 12 + inches ( 30.5 cm ) .	Sing
Another defector who interviewed al-Ghurairy noted , " He is an opportunist , cheap and manipulative .	Sing
Ayman al-Zawahiri , Al-Qaeda second-in-command , allegedly meets Taha Yasin Ramadan , Iraqi vice-president .	Sing
Senator Hollings read the opinion piece into the U.S. Congressional Record .	Plur
Qassem Hussein , another Iraqi intelligence officer now in Kurdish custody , has stated that Abu Wael is the true leader within Ansar .	Sing
Therefore , Qassem may have been providing Abu Wael with a cover story .	Sing
A terrace situated to the behind the southern goal , the stand was split between home supporters to the east , and away supporters to the west .	Sing
Colac was the interchange with the gauge Crowes line .	Sing
Modbury is a suburb of Adelaide , South Australia in the City of Tea Tree Gully .	Sing
Modbury is also home to the Tea Tree Gully TAFE Campus .	Sing
Offensively , Zimmer had a career batting average of .269 , but hit above .300 four times , including a career high .340 batting average in 1895 .	Sing
After being released by the Tigers , Zimmer did not play professional baseball in 1885 .	Sing
Zimmer acquired the nickname " Chief " during the 1886 season while playing as the captain of the Poughkeepsie team .	Sing
As I was the head man of the Indians , somebody began to call me ' Chief . '	Sing
However , Zimmer bemoaned the rule change 's effect on pitchers : " They are making the pitcher a mere automaton .	Sing
In 1894 , Zimmer became one of the first players to get six hits in a single game , doing so off Win Mercer .	Sing
Zimmer was the batting hero of the 1895 Temple Cup , hitting a two-run home run to win the decisive game .	Sing
In 1897 , at age 36 , Zimmer continued to impress .	Sing
For the second time in his career , Zimmer was responsible for mentoring a future Hall of Fame pitcher in his rookie season .	Sing
In December 1899 , Zimmer was part of a blockbuster trade with the Pittsburgh Pirates .	Sing
During the 1900 season , Zimmer was the oldest player in the Major Leagues at age 39 .	Sing
Aside from a .295 batting average , Zimmer caught 82 games , led the National League with 318 putouts and totaled 89 runners caught stealing .	Sing
Moreover , under Zimmer 's tutelage , Rube Waddell in his first season as a regular starter , led the National League with a 2.37 ERA .	Sing
The following year , Zimmer remained the oldest player in the Major Leagues at age 40 .	Sing
During the 1901 season , Zimmer caught for his third Hall of Fame pitcher , Jack Chesbro .	Sing
In 1902 , at age 41 , Zimmer caught 41 games , compiled a .268 batting average , and maintained a respectable 1.1 WAR rating .	Sing
Zimmer agreed and also appeared in 35 games as the team 's catcher .	Sing
A wink should be as good as a kick , Chief . "	Sing
Zimmer appeared in his final Major League game as a player at age 42 on September 27 , 1903 .	Sing
In his role as manager , Zimmer took over a team that had finished in seventh place in 1902 .	Sing
During his baseball career , Zimmer was among the highest paid players in the game .	Sing
Despite his personal aversion to tobacco , Zimmer in the 1890s was successful in operating a wholesale and retail cigar business in Cleveland .	Sing
During the 1904 and 1905 seasons , Zimmer worked as an umpire in the National League .	Sing
Even at age 45 , Zimmer still displayed superior arm strength .	Sing
After retiring from baseball , Zimmer lived in Cleveland for the remainder of his life .	Sing
The England under-21s returned to Colchester for a 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifier on 11 November 2011 .	Plur
The Lionesses won 5 – 0 on the night with goals from Melissa Lawley , Fran Kirby , two from Nikita Parris , and Izzy Christiansen .	Plur
Ning Gaoning ( ; born November 9 , 1958 ) , also known as Frank Ning , is a Chinese business executive .	Sing
Thumbelina is a 49-minute animated film originally released on June 8 , 1992 , based on the classic story " Thumbelina " by Hans Christian Andersen .	Sing
At the end of her first day in her new home , Thumbelina goes to bed feeling lost hopeless .	Sing
Thumbelina escapes with the help of two fish , who cut the pad 's roots and set it free .	Sing
Downstream , Thumbelina befriends a swallow .	Sing
Thumbelina then meets a butterfly who offers to take her to the meadow .	Sing
However , a beetle snatches Thumbelina away before she can leave .	Sing
After being ridiculed by his friends about his ugly new " pet , " the beetle leaves the lost Thumbelina on her own once again .	Sing
In exchange , Thumbelina helps Mona with the housework and cooking .	Sing
There , Thumbelina is shocked to find the dead body of her friend the swallow .	Sing
At night , Thumbelina brings the swallow a blanket .	Sing
Thumbelina nurses the swallow back to health as spring and her wedding date draw closer .	Sing
The swallow , who had left once he had recovered , returns to Thumbelina with the news that he has found the meadow of the tulips .	Sing
Thumbelina discovers Mona 's wicked plan .	Sing
Thumbelina accepts and becomes the princess of the land to the cheers of the little people .	Sing
After Thumbelina saves him from death , the swallow will help her complete her important task .	Sing
The Military Censor , as part of its duty , has authority to suppress information it deems compromising from being made public in the media .	Sing
The subcommittee recommended to keep the Censorship Agreement in place but to amend it :	Sing
As of August 2005 , the Chief Censor is Colonel Sima Vaknin .	Sing
The impresario Richard D 'Oyly Carte first heard her in a concert at St. George 's Hall and suggested concert engagements for her .	Sing
Neva created the role of Isabel in the London production of " The Pirates of Penzance " .	Sing
Cellier and Bridgeman seconded this assessment :	Sing
There was ... only one encore ... [ a ] nd who do you suppose was singled out for that honour ?	Sing
Qari Saifullah Akhtar ( ; died 9 January 2017 ) was an alleged member of Al-Qaeda who was in Pakistani custody few times prior to his death .	Sing
The petitioner also sought a court order to prevent possible deportation of Akhtar to another country .	Sing
On May 21 , 2007 , Akhtar reached his hometown of Mandi Bahauddin , after reportedly being released by an intelligence agency earlier that morning .	Sing
The Afghan National Directorate of Security confirmed that Akhtar was killed in a raid in Nawa District , Ghazni Province on 9 January 2017 .	Sing
Starting in 2009 , the PSAT is an application requirement for public , private , and homeschooling students .	Sing
His extraordinary heroism in the face of almost certain death reflects the highest credit upon himself and enhances the finest traditions of the United States Naval Service .	Sing
Manius Aemilius Lepidus was a Roman politician who became consul in 66 BC alongside Lucius Volcatius Tullus .	Sing
In 63 , Catiline offered to place himself in Lepidus 's custody after Catiline was notified of an impending prosecution .	Sing
Yuill was also chair of the North York Papal Visit Committee in 1984 , during John Paul II 's visit to the city .	Sing
Yuill was a fiscal conservative .	Sing
Yuill also supported an early workfare scheme in 1979 , which was rejected by the Metro Council .	Sing
Yuill opposed the construction of the Skydome in downtown Toronto , arguing that its location would lead to increased traffic jams .	Sing
Yuill ran for North York Ward 8 councillor in the 1988 Toronto election , saying " I don 't want to go down to Metro .	Sing
In 1888 , Riess married a Japanese woman , Fuku Ōtsuka , the daughter of his cook , with whom he had one son and four daughters .	Sing
Riess returned to the German Empire in 1902 , and taught as an assistant professor at the University of Berlin .	Sing
In 1926 , Reiss visited Springfield , Ohio in the United States as an exchange teacher .	Sing
Su Lin ( ) was the name given to the giant panda cub captured in 1936 and brought to America by the explorer Ruth Harkness .	Sing
( Harkness and Young were unaware that the baby panda was , in fact , a male . )	Plur
Harkness returned to America with the bottle-fed cub , and Su Lin became the first live panda to be displayed in the United States .	Sing
Harkness brought a second panda , Mei-Mei , to be a companion for Su Lin at the zoo in February 1938 .	Sing
Su Lin died of pneumonia only a few weeks after Mei-Mei 's arrival .	Sing
Confirmation is one of the seven sacraments of the Catholic Church .	Sing
Like baptism , confirmation was an act for which the parents were held responsible .	Sing
Confirmation became a much more important rite when concerns about understanding and faith grew , in particular following the Reformation .	Sing
Vaughn attended Lassiter High School in his hometown Marietta , GA , and began his college soccer at the University of South Carolina from 2002 to 2003 .	Sing
During the rebuilding of the team 's finances and competitiveness , another important footnote in Canadian Amateur Hockey history occurred .	Sing
Another interesting aside is that the Vikings had three brothers on their Championship Team , John , David and Marty Berthelot .	Sing
Carboni left Genoa in the ' Veloce ' for Palermo , where he arrived on 24 June .	Sing
New Magnetic Wonder is the sixth studio album from The Apples in Stereo .	Sing
" New Magnetic Wonder " has received positive reviews , and has been described in the press as a " masterpiece . "	Sing
" New Magnetic Wonder " touts Schneider 's invention of a new musical scale : the " Non-Pythagorean scale " .	Sing
Album art collages are by Andrew McLaughlin with graphic design by Mary Gunn .	Plur
Leon Bott ( born 19 October 1981 in Canterbury , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league and union footballer .	Sing
Bott made his debut in the National Rugby League in the 2005 season playing for the Brisbane Broncos , the club he followed as a boy .	Sing
Bott joined Canterbury during the 2007 pre-season on a train-and-trial basis but medical staff discovered his shoulder was not stable and he required reconstructive surgery .	Sing
Bott switched back to rugby union , the code he grew up playing at school , to play for Manly RUFC in the 2009 Shute Shield season .	Sing
Bott played season 2010 for Penrith Emus in the Shute Shield .	Sing
Originally , Rockefeller had proposed a 20-story office building and a 10-story cultural and civic center , but the legislature only approved funding for the office building .	Sing
Farrakhan refused to attend to the situation in person , however , which Eve felt was a turning point in the negotiations .	Sing
Eve 's candidacy blossomed during the four televised Democratic debates .	Sing
Tubman had lived over 50 years in Auburn , New York , where the Harriet Tubman House is located .	Sing
On April 22 , 2013 , Townsquare surrendered the station 's license to the Federal Communications Commission , who subsequently cancelled it .	Sing
1943 , Newnan , Georgia ) is an American businessman .	Sing
Dane Carlaw ( born 21 February 1980 in Brisbane , Queensland ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s .	Sing
While attending Padua College , Carlaw played for the Australian Schoolboys team in 1997 .	Sing
Carlaw played as a prop forward in the Broncos ' 14-18 loss .	Sing
Carlaw moved to Catalans after the 2007 NRL season .	Sing
The Eucharist in the Catholic Church is a sacrament celebrated as " the source and summit " of the Christian life .	Sing
" At the Last Supper , on the night he was betrayed , our Saviour instituted the Eucharistic sacrifice of his Body and Blood . "	Sing
this sacrifice is truly propitiatory . "	Sing
" Substance " here means what something is in itself .	Sing
The bread is unleavened in the Latin , Armenian and Ethiopic Rites , but is leavened in most Eastern Catholic churches .	Sing
Adoration of the Eucharist is a sign of devotion to and worship of Christ , who is believed to be truly present .	Sing
From a theological perspective , the adoration is a form of latria , based on the tenet of the presence of Christ in the Blessed Host .	Sing
Bergson was chief of the Russian Economic subdivision of the Office of Strategic Services during World War II .	Sing
There is an underground , lower mezzanine for the Canarsie Line , and an aboveground , upper mezzanine for the Myrtle Avenue Line .	Sing
There are also escalators from the lower to the upper mezzanine .	Plur
A glass-enclosed rotunda adorns the front of the building .	Sing
Originally , the line stub ended at the original Wyckoff station which was past the present curve that is just east of this station .	Sing
Unlike other Canarsie Line island platform stations , there are no visible girders in the walls .	Plur
Sidewalk canopies suspended from the elevated structure of the Myrtle Avenue Line on both sides of Palmetto Street provide shelter from the weather elements .	Plur
Pestilence is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .	Sing
Nearly a century and a half later , the demigoddess Snowbird was pregnant with her first child .	Sing
Shaman used his power to beseech spirits for aid to lead Alpha Flight to such a place of power and they transported Snowbird there .	Sing
However , Talisman had fatally miscalculated , because Pestilence had never truly died , thus he was not a spirit and was not subject to her powers .	Sing
Pestilence attacked Alpha Flight anew and grappled with Talisman , tearing the mystical circlet that was the source and focus of her powers from her head .	Sing
Emerging from the water , Pestilence tricked Snowbird into assuming the form of Sasquatch , who was in truth one of the Great Beasts .	Sing
In that form Pestilence was able to take control of her .	Sing
Shaman donned the circlet of power , becoming the new Talisman .	Sing
Pestilence could transform his appearance into that of other people , both alive and dead .	Sing
Pestilence had extensive knowledge of chemistry beyond what was commonly known in the 19th Century .	Sing
The Bhote Koshi is the upper river course of the Sun Kosi , known as Poiqu in Tibet .	Sing
In the 1950s , Trager worked at the Foreign Service Institute of the Department of State , helping to train diplomats prior to their departure abroad .	Sing
Levins died on June 12 , 2010 .	Sing
" Arroz con leche " ( meaning Rice with milk ) may refer to :	Sing
In 1998 , manga won the 22nd Kodansha Manga Award in the general category .	Sing
During a sacrifice presided over by King Agesilaus II , the omens proved to be very bad .	Plur
Hemlock Overlook is one of several parks lining Bull Run .	Sing
Hideous Kinky is a 1998 drama directed by Scottish director Gillies MacKinnon .	Sing
Bilal returns only to disappear again , but he has a plan .	Sing
In September 2002 , ETR celebrated its 100th anniversary and brought its newly restored 1923 Number 9 0-6-0 locomotive down from St. Thomas , Ontario .	Sing
A week after the centennial celebration , the ETR had its first serious derailment in decades , caused by abnormally heavy rains .	Sing
The ETR currently has 4 units on the roster .	Sing
The cabooses departed August 14 for London .	Plur
Schlitz is a small town in the Vogelsbergkreis in eastern Hesse , Germany .	Sing
The name Schlitz had its first documentary mention in 812 .	Sing
Schlitz was granted town rights in the early 15th century .	Sing
Milo Petrović-Njegoš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мило Петровић-Његош ; October 3 , 1889 – November 22 , 1978 ) was a prince of Montenegro .	Sing
The intermediate station General Santander is part of the TransMilenio mass-transit system of Bogotá , Colombia , opened in the year 2000 .	Sing
Punchbowl was the first electric train depot to have a carriage washing plant installed in 1959 .	Sing
Rabinovitch died on 6 August 2017 , aged 87 .	Sing
Rabinovitch and Giller moved to Toronto in 1985 , where he remained until his death .	Sing
( " Calaveras " is Spanish for " skulls " . )	Sing
Wotherspoon is a surname first recorded in the 13th century with its origins in England and Scotland .	Sing
Wotherspoon has spread to the United States , New Zealand , Australia and Canada , and other former British colonies .	Sing
Johnsen joined the Monell Chemical Senses Center in 1980 and taught in the Department of Biology and College of Veterinary Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania .	Sing
Johnsen was a founding director and chairman of Peoria NEXT , an organization created in 2001 dedicated to technology-based economic development .	Sing
In 2006 Johnsen became Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs at Bradley University , a private university of 5000 undergraduates and 1000 graduate students .	Sing
Johnsen was an avid mountaineer climbing in North and South America , Europe , Nepal and New Zealand .	Sing
Velez finished the season hitting .195 with 2 HR and 7 RBI in 23 games with the Yankees .	Sing
Velez appeared in one game , going hitless in one at-bat in the American League Championship Series against the Kansas City Royals .	Sing
In the 1976 World Series against the Cincinnati Reds , Velez went 0 for 3 and struck out three times , as the Yankees lost the series .	Sing
Velez had his best season in 1980 , as in 104 games , he hit .269 with 20 HR and 62 RBI .	Sing
Velez struggled in 1981 , appearing in 80 games , batting .213 with 11 HR and 28 RBI .	Sing
In 1982 , Velez appeared in only 28 games with Toronto , hitting .192 with 1 HR and 5 RBI .	Sing
On 7 February 1983 , Velez signed with the Cleveland Indians as a free agent .	Sing
Velez appeared in 637 games during his career , hitting .251 with 78 HR and 272 RBI .	Sing
The $ 4.9 million verdict grew to a $ 9.5 million judgment as the County lost each of its successive appeals .	Sing
In 2009 , Cadbury Schweppes separated from its beverage business and became Cadbury Australia , which continues to operate the former company 's factory in Ringwood .	Sing
After setting the screen , the screener is often open to roll to the basket and receive a pass .	Sing
Sacred Cow is a 1996 album by Geggy Tah .	Sing
Côté defeated Grove via first-round TKO .	Sing
At UFC 106 Grove defeated Jake Rosholt by triangle choke at 3 : 59 of the first round .	Sing
" Next Exit " is an expanded version of the story in " Doors " , the two even sharing the main characters Retrab and Markesh .	Sing
Freya Lim ( ; born 20 November 1979 ) , also known as Freya Lin , is a Taiwan-born Malaysian Mandopop singer and radio deejay .	Sing
In 2002 , Lim graduated from University of Washington Seattle majoring in Psychology .	Sing
In 2000 , Lim released her debut music album titled " Freya " ( 林凡同名專輯 ) .	Sing
The album " Freya " achieved an astounding sales record of 120,000 copies in Taiwan , and occupied Taiwan music charts for more than six months .	Sing
Copland was in Rio de Janeiro in 1947 as a lecturer and conductor .	Sing
On August 26 , 1948 , Copland wrote that the concerto was still " dribbling along " .	Sing
However , in a letter to Koussevitzky dated August 29 , 1950 , Copland backed away from the commission .	Sing
On the piece , Copland writes :	Sing
The Clarinet Concerto ends with a fairly elaborate coda in C major	Sing
Copland noted that his playful finale is born of	Sing
Southeast of the small boat harbor is Hippie Hill , named after the seasonal workers that inhabited the campground on Hippie Hill during the 1980s and 1990s .	Sing
The Paideia Proposal is a K – 12 educational reform plan proposed by Mortimer Adler .	Sing
The Paideia Proposal is a system of liberal education intended for all children , including those who will never attend a university .	Sing
Skills are habits , not memories , thus are much more durable than memories , especially memories not based upon understanding .	Plur
McCann was the first principal of the College ( he was also the Principal of the School at this time ) .	Sing
I.O ' Leary was the first Principal of the College ( separate from the School ) .	Sing
J.C. Roe conceived the idea of opening up university classes up to B.A .	Sing
The south-western perimeter stretches up to Assam House .	Sing
In 1998 , the Hostel was dedicated , as a mark of respect and in fond memory of Bro .	Sing
Com . , B.Sc. , BCA and B.SW degrees and postgraduate course in M.SW .	Sing
Thus , in a monohaloacetic acid , a single halogen would replace a hydrogen atom .	Sing
Sherdog is an American website devoted to the sport of mixed martial arts ( MMA ) .	Sing
Sherdog is also home to the Sherdog Radio Network , an internet-only sports talk network featuring Sherdog writers and staffers .	Sing
Sherdog has also affiliated with ESPN to provide extensive MMA content for their site .	Sing
On April 25 , 2007 , Rascal Flatts performed " My Wish " on " American Idol " as part of the special Idol Gives Back .	Plur
The wreck has since been located near Bungan Head .	Sing
Alice Copping ( 14 May 1906 – 16 January 1996 ) was senior lecturer in nutrition , Queen Elizabeth College , University of London .	Sing
Copping attended Victoria University of Wellington , New Zealand , and graduated as Master of Science in 1926 .	Sing
Peace Action Wellington ( PAW ) is an organisation in Wellington , New Zealand , that campaigns for peace , justice and self determination .	Sing
PAW has called for the New Zealand Government to reveal the actions of the SAS soldiers fighting under US command in Afghanistan .	Sing
PAW spokesperson Valerie Morse criticised the police for their allegedly violent response.All charges were dropped over a year later .	Sing
Leonor F. Loree ( April 23 , 1858 – September 6 , 1940 ) was an American civil engineer and railroad executive .	Sing
In 1923 , Loree was a principal founder of The Newcomen Society in North America , a learned society promoting engineering , technology and free enterprise .	Sing
Within three years after accepting the chairmanship , Loree turned it into what they call a banner railroad of the Southwest .	Sing
Communist Party leader Rákosi stated that the remaining Swabians , mostly skilled workers , should be reintegrated into the Hungarian State .	Sing
" C. alba " can grow to high , but variegated forms are less vigorous .	Sing
The Latin specific epithet " alba " means “ white ” .	Sing
Ashcroft called upon people worldwide to help " identify , locate and incapacitate terrorists who are suspected of planning additional attacks against innocent civilians . "	Sing
Ashcroft added that an analysis of the audio suggested " the men may be trained and prepared to commit future suicide terrorist acts . "	Sing
Ashcroft said not much was known about any of them except bin al-Shibh .	Sing
By 1969 , UCSD was a leader in the novel technique of pulmonary thromboendarterectomy .	Sing
In 1982 , UCSD opened one of the first clinics for the treatment of HIV and AIDS .	Sing
The Ceremonial Green is a quadrantal lawn which is used for graduation ceremonies and other outdoor functions in front of the Medical Education and Telemedicine Building .	Sing
" The Whummil Bore " is Child ballad 27 .	Sing
The album 's lead single , " Reach for the Sky " , became another one of Social Distortion 's biggest hits in the fall of 2004 .	Sing
Social Distortion released their seventh studio album , " Hard Times and Nursery Rhymes " , on January 18 , 2011 .	Sing
Arlow Burdette Stout ( March 10 , 1876 – October 12 , 1957 ) was an American botanist and the pioneer breeder of the modern hybrid daylily .	Sing
But Saburo falls ill , and is unable to see Otsuyu for a long time .	Sing
Devastated , the two sisters commit suicide together .	Sing
" Dangerous " has a rhythm tempo at 103 BPM .	Sing
Orderic also added to the " Gesta " that Fulbert served as the Duke 's chamberlain ( " cubicularii ducis " ) .	Sing
These chunks must be no larger than the maximum transmission unit of IP over Ethernet , which is 1500 bytes .	Plur
Instability and inaccuracy of the fuse mechanism made the Type 97 almost as much of a menace to the thrower as to the recipient .	Sing
The Type 99 hand grenade could either be thrown by hand or fired from a Type 100 grenade discharger .	Sing
Since the firing pin was integral no screwing or unscrewing of the firing pin holder was necessary , as with earlier model Japanese grenades .	Sing
The Chinatrust Whales ( 中信鯨 ) , formerly Koos Group Whales ( 和信鯨 ) , were a Taiwanese professional baseball team .	Plur
The Whales have never won a CPBL championship .	Plur
Initially , the Whales played their home games at the Chiayi Baseball Field .	Plur
The customer 's PO is the originating document which triggers the creation of the sales order .	Sing
The Manifesto contains seven sections .	Sing
Calhoun moved to Cleveland , Ohio , in 1896 .	Sing
Calhoun had purchased of wooded land atop the heights east of the city in 1890 .	Sing
Now 59 years old , Calhoun largely retired from business .	Sing
Calhoun married Sarah Porter Williams on November 4 , 1885 .	Sing
Buttle grew up in Linwood , New Jersey .	Sing
A 1975 Consensus All-American , Buttle was also the captain of the Nittany Lions that year .	Sing
In the early 1970s , Wheelock introduced the 31 ( AC-powered ) and 34 ( DC-powered ) series of electromechanical horns .	Sing
In 1994 , Wheelock discontinued this series , because their low-intensity strobes did not meet the new light distribution requirements of the ADA .	Sing
In 1995 , Wheelock introduced the AS , a combination horn and strobe .	Sing
In 1998 , Wheelock released the NS series .	Sing
The RSS strobe replaced the vertical LSM , RS and Syncable SR strobe series , since a horizontal strobe allows for greater coverage .	Sing
In 2006 , Wheelock introduced the ZNS and the ZRS horn / strobes and remote strobes .	Sing
In 2010 Wheelock introduced the Exceder line of horn / strobes , remote strobes , and remote horns .	Sing
In 2012 , Wheelock updated their Exceder LED series by introducing the industry 's first LED notification appliances .	Sing
Despite feeling awkward when they first met , Eckford and Bryan surprisingly became friends afterwards :	Sing
The duplicates realize the stagnancy and corruption of the Confederacy , the intergalactic government in the series , and question their position as tools of the hierarchy .	Plur
In June 2017 , startup streaming entertainment company Passionflix began production of Day 's " Afterburn / Aftershock " film adaptation .	Sing
Wheelock and similar may refer to :	Sing
GM Defense is the military product division of General Motors focusing on the defense industry needs with hydrogen fuel cell and other advanced mobility technologies .	Sing
The original GM Defense ( founded in 1950 ) organization and acquired by General Dynamics in 2003 and became part of the General Dynamics Land Systems division .	Sing
Outpost Firewall Pro is a discontinued personal firewall developed by Agnitum ( founded in 1999 in St. Petersburg , Russia ) .	Sing
Outpost Firewall Pro allows the user to specifically define how a PC application connects to the Internet .	Sing
On December 9 , 2015 , Yandex Acquired Agnitum in order to use their technology in the Yandex browser .	Sing
Traquair dates it to August 1308 .	Sing
The slaying of John Comyn was a decisive act in Scottish political history .	Sing
Even on an inland loch a galley would offer the best mode of escape from slow moving land forces .	Sing
A glance at the map will show that there could never have been a " Battle of Ben Cruachan " .	Sing
Regal Cinemas has a 16 screen movie theater with stadium seating at an outparcel location , which replaced a smaller six screen cinema inside the mall .	Sing
The preconscious restricts access to consciousness and is responsible for voluntary movement and attention .	Plur
The superego represents an ideal self defined in childhood , largely shaped by resolution of the Oedipal conflict .	Sing
Langevin was Cartier 's successor as Quebec lieutenant to Sir John A. Macdonald and de facto leader of the federal Conservative Party in French Canada .	Sing
When the Liberals took power following the 1896 federal election , Laurier appointed Tarte to Cabinet as Minister of Public Works .	Sing
His flirtation with the Conservatives ended and Tarte supported Laurier editorially .	Sing
This sonnet , like all but one of Shakespeare 's sonnets , employs iambic pentameter throughout .	Sing
However , their coincidence , together with their context , makes them stand out :	Sing
The procreation sonnets group sonnets 1 – 17 together , some claiming that they could very well be joined together as a single poem .	Sing
" Herein lies wisdom , beauty and increase ; "	Sing
Kerrigan finds that line 11 is a good shadow of this line from Mathew ( New Testament ) .	Sing
This quatrain is able to bring out the sort of beliefs in the idea of beauty and power in the time of Shakespeare .	Sing
Naveen Shahdara is an affluent residential area home to upper middle class and business class , located in North East Delhi district of Delhi , India .	Sing
Under the terms of the plea agreement , Herndon sentenced Mack to life in prison for murdering his wife .	Sing
Gatineau Hull-Volant is a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Gatineau , Quebec .	Sing
The Lafitte , Magnolia , Calliope and St Bernard known as the big four all opened in 1941 to black families .	Sing
Avena is a beverage prepared with stewed oatmeal , milk , water , cinnamon , clove and sugar consumed in South America .	Sing
Avena means oat in the Spanish language .	Sing
Pallotta received a degree in Philosophy from the University of Texas at Austin .	Sing
After working on numerous films and commercials , Pallotta wrote , directed and produced his first film , " The High Road " ( 1997 ) .	Sing
Symbol is one of the four standard fonts available on all PostScript-based printers , starting with Apple 's original LaserWriter ( 1985 ) .	Sing
The less authoritative " Fioretti " assigns Cannara , a small town two hours ' walk from the Portiuncula , as the birthplace of the Third Order .	Sing
The prohibition against carrying arms dealt a blow to the feudal system and to the ever-fighting factions of Italian municipalities .	Sing
A renewal of the Third Order in Dublin began around 1860 .	Sing
The order 's motherhouse remains in Aachen and the order maintains houses in Brazil , Holland and the United States .	Sing
St. Joseph 's motherhouse is in Hausen .	Sing
sprang , has maintained a presence in the U.S. since the 1950s .	Sing
In the fifteenth century there were about forty friaries of TOR Friars in Ireland , made up of both clerics and non-clerical members .	Plur
The motherhouse is in Peekskill , New York .	Sing
The Provincial Motherhouse is in Albany , New York .	Sing
By 1868 , Heiss had become the first Bishop of LaCrosse , Wisconsin and invited the Sisters to move their motherhouse there , which happened in 1871 .	Sing
The motherhouse of the congregation is in St. Francis , Wisconsin .	Sing
The motherhouse is at St. Rose of Viterbo Convent , La Crosse , Wisconsin .	Sing
The Sisters teach at universities , work in hospitals , operate a school in Bethlehem and work at the Vatican .	Sing
Alvernia , Millvale , Pennsylvania , also founded from the congregation in Buffalo .	Sing
Schaefer then became Mother Mary Francis , co-founder and first Mother Superior .	Sing
The North American Provincial Motherhouse is in Baton Rouge .	Sing
Provincial Motherhouse in Plainfield , New Jersey , founded in 1855 in Würzburg , Germany , where they are still headquartered .	Sing
For this purpose " convey " includes any other expression denoting removal from one place to another .	Sing
According to the historian Christopher Andrew , Andropov suffered from a " Hungarian complex " from his personal experience of the Hungarian Revolution in 1956 .	Sing
Andropov remained haunted for the rest of his life by the speed with which an apparently all-powerful Communist one-party state had begun to topple .	Sing
Pin Oak is an unincorporated community in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia .	Sing
Capon Lake is an unincorporated community in Hampshire County of West Virginia 's Eastern Panhandle region .	Sing
Capon Lake takes its name from the Cacapon River 's lake-like characteristics there .	Sing
Stephane Sperry is the producer .	Sing
Shara Nelson is a British singer and songwriter .	Sing
Sherwood was the founder of On-U Sound Records which released Nelson 's first record 20 years earlier .	Sing
In September 2012 Shara Nelson performed live for the first time in many years , sparking further rumours of an imminent comeback in 2013 .	Sing
Ratz is a Canadian / French animated television series created by France 's Xilam studios , with joint production from Canada .	Sing
Rapido is very fond of his ratboard and enjoys challenging Razmo to races , often winning .	Sing
Camilo Torres may refer to :	Sing
Udo Kier ( born Udo Kierspe ; 14 October 1944 ) is a German actor and voice actor who has appeared in over 200 films .	Sing
Kier moved to Palm Springs , California in 1991 .	Sing
Camilo Torres Tenorio ( November 22 , 1766 – October 5 , 1816 ) was a Colombian politician .	Sing
IG Culture first became known as a member of the hip-hop duo Dodge City Productions in 1990 .	Sing
During the great migration , Swasey travelled aboard " The Recovery " arriving at Massachusetts .	Plur
Swayze performed the role of James ( Jim ) Mackey recently in the seventh episode of season five on the Netflix series " Longmire " .	Sing
Swayze had a role as a mentally handicapped man suspected of murder in an episode of the television drama " Matlock " .	Sing
On " Cold Case " , Swayze played the adult Grant Hall .	Sing
Swayze had a small guest appearance on " It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia " as a crazy boat captain .	Sing
Swayze also appeared in an episode of " Sons of Anarchy " .	Sing
In 2001 , Swayze was on stage as Pedro in " Man of La Mancha " , at the Simi Valley Cultural Arts Center .	Sing
Swayze is an avid skydiver and cyclist , and races cross country mountain bikes in his spare time .	Sing
Uplands is a prominent example of a garden suburb designed in the early part of the 20th century .	Plur
Uplands has a seaside setting and has within its boundaries the large Uplands Park .	Plur
The bedrock under Uplands is quartz diorite gneiss .	Sing
By this time the powerful Osage of the eighteenth and early nineteenth century were a beleaguered people , but in one sense they had the last laugh .	Sing
However , Consort Fu was not content for her son merely to be an imperial prince , and a succession struggle would erupt .	Sing
A wild bear broke loose and tried to get out of the cage .	Sing
Several months later , however , there would be another direct confrontation between Wang Mang and now-Empress Dowager Fu .	Sing
Shi Li decided to show Princess Dowager Feng who was actually behind the investigation , by referring to the wild bear incident .	Sing
In 5 BC , Empress Dowager Fu would finally get what she wanted .	Sing
Further , Emperor Ai granted her a posthumous empress title , which was viewed to be inappropriate and disrespectful to Grand Empress Dowager Wang .	Sing
Wang Mang , bearing grudges against Grand Empress Dowager Fu and Emperor Ai , would immediately undertake several punitive actions against her posthumously .	Sing
Against Grand Empress Dowager Wang 's initial sentiment of stopping the punitive actions at this point , Wang Mang went further .	Sing
Defiance , Ohio is a punk rock band from Columbus , Ohio .	Sing
Ruckman is an unincorporated community farming community in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia .	Sing
The difference quotients converge pointwise to the partial derivative " f " by the assumption that the partial derivative exists .	Plur
Since continuity of partial derivatives implies differentiability of the function , formula _ 102 is indeed differentiable .	Sing
Positive traversal of ∂ Σ is then counterclockwise ( right-hand rule with thumb along " z " -axis ) .	Sing
The first integral , the Dirichlet integral , is absolutely convergent for positive α but only conditionally convergent when α is 0 .	Sing
Linnaeus included a terse description , coined the binomial name " Tanagra gularis " and cited Brisson 's work .	Sing
The clutch is two or three eggs .	Sing
Hotz is a former " South Park " consultant and staff writer .	Sing
Hotz is a multiple-time film festival award-winner and Gulf War photo-journalist .	Sing
In 1992 Hotz graduated from Ryerson University .	Sing
Hotz began as a documentary filmmaker and news photographer , creating photo essays on subjects including Auschwitz , Dachau , and the Gulf War .	Sing
Hotz was the only registered Canadian photo-journalist to cover the Gulf War .	Sing
In 2015 , Hotz had a role in the film " The Chickening " , which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival .	Sing
Hotz was the writer , producer , director , cinematographer , and editor of the short film It Don 't Cost Nothin ' to Say Good Morning .	Sing
Hotz worked as a consultant and writer on " South Park " , providing material for episodes including " Follow That Egg ! "	Sing
Hotz stated that the inspiration of the series was Woody Allen 's character Fielding Mellish in the film " Bananas " .	Sing
Hotz has also been involved as a spokesperson and on-stage presence at Vice Media project and network launches .	Sing
During 1987 , Wollongong competed in the NSW First Division , where they were crowned both premiers and champions .	Sing
With the name change to South Coast Wolves , the wolf also changed orientation to face east .	Sing
There was no framing , just text " South Coast " above and " Wolves " underneath the wolf .	Sing
The gulf takes its name from the ancient city of Ambracia located near its shores .	Sing
The gulf is quite shallow , and its shore is broken by numerous marshes , large parts of which form an estuary system .	Sing
The Ambracian Gulf was the site of the Battle of Actium , in which Augustus ' forces defeated those of Mark Antony and Cleopatra .	Sing
Bandaranaike laid the foundation stone for the building .	Sing
Lockyer attended the University of California , Berkeley , graduating with a B.A .	Sing
In 1986 , Lockyer graduated with a J.D .	Sing
As a freshman legislator in 1974 , Lockyer wrote the first legislation to provide state funding for emergency oil spill decontamination .	Sing
Lockyer , who had acted as mediator during the earlier negotiations , scribbled the terms of the	Sing
" We are losing too many of our young people to seemingly random shootings and anonymous killers , " said Lockyer .	Sing
As negotiations began to revise the state budget , Lockyer tried to convince U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to provide a guarantee for state bond payments .	Sing
" A fiscal meltdown by California ... would surely destabilize the U.S. , if not worldwide financial markets , " Lockyer wrote to Geithner on May 13 .	Sing
Lockyer suggested having a respected intermediary mediate between the Republican governor and the Democratic-controlled legislature .	Sing
Lockyer was optimistic about this " positive development ...	Sing
Lockyer also said he preferred spending time with his family .	Sing
In the early years of the 20th century , Judah Morris Kleinfeld became licensee .	Sing
Cicely Fox Smith ( 1 February 1882 – 8 April 1954 ) was an English poet and writer .	Sing
Cicely Fox Smith died on 8 April 1954 , in the town of Bow , Devon , where she 'd been living with her sister Madge .	Sing
Until the Spring 2005 semester , NYU used a lottery system to determine eligibility for residence hall preference .	Sing
NYU announced in February 2008 that it had purchased a high-end apartment building to use as a residence hall .	Sing
Over the last decade allergy has increased by 18 % in the United States .	Sing
McMahon is the founder and artistic director whilst his wife is the co-founder and managing director .	Sing
In May 2005 , Namco gave a finalized Japanese release date set for the following August .	Sing
As an advocate for its members , SAA encouraged the use of fair contracts and ethical behavior at all levels of the industry .	Sing
SAA monitored the stock photography industry and served as an ombudsman for its members ' interests in dealing with picture agencies and other distribution channels .	Sing
SAA 's first major negotiation was with Getty Images to improve the photographers ' contract .	Sing
Geology in the south of the village is more complex .	Sing
After the Liberation the resistance destroyed another part of the village , including the notarial house with all the archives .	Sing
Sabas Pretelt de la Vega was the Colombian minister of the Interior and Justice between November 2003 and September 2006 .	Sing
Bumper Stumpers is a Canadian game show in which two teams of two players attempted to decipher vanity license plates in an attempt to win money .	Sing
At the beginning of each game , host Dubois would tell the teams whom or what the plate belonged to , and the first space was revealed .	Plur
In the second format , each solve placed a different set of spaces on the board .	Sing
The U.K. Subs are an English punk band , among the earliest in the first wave of British punk .	Plur
The U.K. Subs were part of the original punk movement in England .	Plur
Under GEM , the U.K. Subs recorded their most successful studio albums , " Another Kind of Blues " and " Brand New Age " .	Plur
The U.K. Subs joined the bill for the 2006 Fiend Fest .	Plur
Campeau had bested Macy 's own attempted acquisition of Federated Department Stores and sold these California divisions to Macy 's as part of their settlement .	Sing
On January 27 , 1992 R.H. Macy & Co. declared bankruptcy .	Sing
Ayala passed through the Golden Gate on 5 August 1775 , with some difficulty and great caution because of the tides .	Sing
The pelicans native to San Francisco Bay are brown pelicans .	Plur
Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures ( PNES ) are events resembling an epileptic seizure , but without the characteristic electrical discharges associated with epilepsy .	Plur
Psychotherapy is the most frequently used treatment , which might include cognitive behavioral therapy , insight-orientated therapy , and / or group work .	Sing
The northwest extremity of the peninsula is Cape Colbeck .	Sing
Most of the peninsula is within the Ross Dependency , claimed by New Zealand ( see Territorial claims of Antarctica ) .	Sing
Erg is a fictional mutant character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .	Sing
Erg appeared as part of the " Morlocks " entry in the " Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition " # 9 .	Sing
Erg was a member of the Morlocks , and was one of the few Morlocks to survive the Marauders ' attack during the ' Mutant Massacre ' .	Sing
Erg , Mammomax , and Peepers were running from members of the murderous Sapien League .	Sing
Erg regains consciousness when the lower legs of the cross were blazing .	Sing
Erg remained at the Xavier Institute with many other mutants , some unwillingly , becoming something of a ringleader for the non-X-Men members of the 198 .	Sing
During " The Extremists " arc , Erg reappeared alongside some of his fellow Morlocks under the leadership of Masque .	Sing
Callisto returns in time to undo the plan and Beautiful Dreamer restores the minds of all affected .	Sing
With an economic philosophy on parks development , Harkin led the Parks Branch into the business of selling Canadian scenery to tourists .	Sing
Harkin identified the emergence of the automobile as a key component in driving tourism to Canada 's national parks .	Sing
P.D Ross was the proprietor of the " Ottawa Journal " .	Sing
Harkin recognized that Canadian scenery was a natural resource that could not be exported .	Sing
Harkin suggested that the automobile now made it logistically and financially possible for more middle-class Canadian tourists to access the national parks .	Sing
Harkin relied on free publicity to promote tourism .	Sing
Harkin made an impact on Canadian tourism through changing automobile regulations and increasing road development to parks .	Sing
Harkin identified road development as another measure to increase the profitability of tourism and national parks .	Sing
The pronghorn antelope was another large Canadian mammal believed to be on the verge of extinction .	Sing
Harkin believed the animal would benefit in a new protected park area .	Sing
Harkin stated his own views and discussed how wildlife preserves prohibiting Indigenous peoples from hunting was crucial for conservation .	Sing
Harkin responded by telling the park superintendent to provide groceries if conditions were desperate , but not cash as he did not want to encourage further demands .	Sing
Crops began to fall and by 1933 , one-fifth of the work force was unemployed while 15 % of Canadians were on relief .	Plur
Also , in 1932 , Harkin enforced the six-day work week because he felt the parks ' workers would be more compliant when occupied .	Sing
Harkin needed to gain control of the protests .	Sing
Actually the .458 Lott is a good measuring stick for the .470 Capstick .	Sing
With full power loads , recoil is significant but not difficult to control or become accustomed to .	Sing
Recoil from the cast lead bullet load shown below is almost nonexistent .	Sing
Barrels are available from Lothar-Walther and Pac-Nor .	Plur
The 2nd recoil lug will spread recoil that the stock is exposed to , across a wider surface area to avoid splitting the stock .	Sing
Penetration was just over .	Sing
Warnings of tremors make it essential to move to the next station .	Plur
At the same time , with unusual productivity , Kasprowicz wrote and had published his own works and poetry , to critical acclaim .	Sing
The largely self-taught Kasprowicz mastered the classical Latin and Greek languages , as well as French and English .	Sing
In the last twenty years of his life , Kasprowicz more and more frequently visited the Tatra Mountains .	Sing
Its timber is of economical interest .	Sing
Monmouthshire , previously part of the Welsh Marches , became an English county , electing two members , thus making a total of 92 county members .	Sing
Nottinghamshire , for example , did not see a contested election between 1722 and 1832 .	Sing
Plague is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .	Sing
Plague first appeared in " Uncanny X-Men " # 169-170 ( May-June 1983 ) , and was created by Chris Claremont and Paul Smith .	Sing
Plague appeared as part of the " Morlocks " entry in the " Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition " # 9 .	Sing
Apocalypse arrived and saved Plague from the massacre , stating that he had plans for her to serve him as the Horseman Pestilence .	Plur
After the fourth Horseman , Death , was revealed , Apocalypse had the Horsemen battle each other , to find the leader and Death beat them all .	Plur
X-Factor and the Power Pack battled the Horsemen and Lightspeed knocked Pestilence off her flying steed , whereupon she fell to her death .	Sing
Sistema de Inteligencia Nacional ( " National Intelligence System " , SIN ) is the official denomination of the Argentine national intelligence community .	Sing
Färjestad retired his jersey number 5 and named him the team 's general manager for the 1996 – 97 season .	Sing
Opinion around the NHL in the early 1980s was that Swedish players were " soft " ; teammate Colin Patterson credited Loob with changing that perception .	Sing
Nieuwendyk added that Loob could " put pucks into areas , make plays , nobody else would dream of " .	Sing
Håkan and his wife Marie have three children , Henrik , Niclas , and Isabelle .	Sing
Scarr and Weinberg studied black , white , Asian , indigenous American , and mixed-race black / white children adopted by upper-middle-class white families in Minnesota .	Sing
The average IQ of the adopting parents was more than one standard deviation above the population mean of 100 .	Sing
The adopting parents of 12 of the interracial children wrongly believed that their adopted children had two black parents .	Sing
Scarr & Weinberg ( 1976 ) interpreted the results from age 7 suggesting that racial group differences in IQ are inconclusive because of confounding of the study .	Sing
The sulfur stick is lit and smolders , something like the taper that is used to light fireworks .	Sing
In his second season with the Royals , 1979 – 80 , Patterson recorded 30 goals and 90 points in 41 games .	Sing
Calgary assigned Patterson to their Central Hockey League ( CHL ) affiliate , the Colorado Flames to end the 1982 – 83 season .	Sing
Patterson scored his first NHL goal on October 26 , 1983 , against goaltender Mike Liut of the St. Louis Blues .	Sing
Patterson had 21 goals in the first 40 games of the season before missing 23 games in the second half due to knee and shoulder injuries .	Sing
Patterson missed time in 1986 – 87 due to concussions , and played in only 39 of Calgary 's 80 games in 1987 – 88 .	Sing
Patterson played two seasons in Buffalo and recorded 18 points in 88 games .	Sing
Patterson completed his degree in Marketing and management from Clarkson , finishing his final year of studies over three hockey off-seasons .	Sing
Patterson is also active within the Calgary Flames Alumni Association and often participates in the association 's charity events .	Sing
Bigga can refer to the following :	Sing
This woodpecker is now common in the area and is part of the Cornell Lab 's logo .	Sing
Bird watchers of all ages and skill levels help gather the data needed to capture the big picture about the distribution and abundance of birds .	Plur
A five-week online course " Investigating Behavior : Courtship and Rivalry in Birds " is now available through eCornell .	Sing
BRP has also developed sound-analysis software programs called Raven and Raven Lite .	Sing
The " Leonardo da Vinci " became a cruise ship in 1977 – 1978 , after which it was withdrawn due to high fuel costs .	Sing
Non-epileptic seizures are paroxysmal events that mimic an epileptic seizure but do not involve abnormal , rhythmic discharges of cortical neurons .	Plur
The Hippodrome is a permanent big-top which houses the museum 's daily circus and magic show performances .	Sing
The Mendelssohn Inlet , the Brahms Inlet and the Verdi Inlet apparently intrude into it .	Sing
The Bach Ice Shelf , Rossini Point and Berlioz Point are some distance away , on the Ronne Entrance from the Southern Ocean .	Sing
The magazine " Punch " began publishing her stories when she was 21 .	Sing
Barth and Overweg were close friends .	Sing
Lister constructed the quartet as a hand-picked group of the best singing voices in order to secure a prime time-slot on the new WCON radio station .	Sing
With this lineup , The Statesmen began recording for RCA Victor and began starring in the Nabisco Hour national TV show as mentioned above .	Sing
The Statesmen exerted a powerful influence on young Elvis , who idolized and imitated Jake Hess ' vocal styling and Wetherington 's movements and gyrations on stage .	Sing
The Statesmen became so popular that subsequent gospel quartets imitated their style .	Plur
Cat Freeman came back briefly but was replaced by former Oklahoma police officer Roland " Rosie " Rozell .	Sing
Another setback occurred when Wetherington died suddenly of early heart disease on October 3 , 1973 , while attending the National Quartet Convention in Nashville .	Sing
The Statesmen influenced both gospel and non-gospel artists alike .	Plur
The devil 's got his kind of entertainment .	Sing
The Fula first settled in the area in the 14th century .	Sing
An iced tea spoon , also called a soda spoon , is a thin spoon with a very long handle .	Sing
Stacey Jones was an integral part of the New Zealand Tri Nations campaign .	Sing
Stacey Jones returned home and rejoined the New Zealand Warriors as their kicking coach for the 2008 season .	Sing
Both Canela and neighboring Gramado are important tourist resorts and they both draw many visitors each year .	Sing
Ecotourism is very popular in the area and there are many opportunities for hiking , rock climbing , horseback riding and river rafting .	Sing
Canela is part of the Rota Romântica or Romantic Route , a scenic bypass .	Sing
The MRT had built rail tracks for testing trains in 1986 - 1987 .	Sing
On 11 February 2007 , SMRT Organised the " SMRT Cram Jam !	Sing
1676 Bermuda Hundred , James River , Henrico County , Virginia ) , was from a gentry family in Northamptonshire .	Sing
Around 1675 Governor Berkeley reported the population of the colony as 40,000 , with 4,000 indentured servants and 2,000 slaves .	Sing
Tuckahoe was the Native American name for an edible water plant .	Sing
Tuckahoe is the only remaining intact plantation of William 's sons .	Sing
Dungeness is the headland of a shingle beach in Kent , England , which must be rounded to approach the Thames Estuary .	Sing
Changi Depot comprises a train yard , which can hold a capacity of 35 trains and has an area of 250,000 square metres .	Sing
Commuters can have a glimpse of it while on a train between Clementi and Jurong East stations .	Plur
O 'Toole also appeared in a later revival at the Old Vic .	Sing
Rest of South Africa beat Air Force XI by 5 wickets	Sing
The Italian Stallion may refer to :	Sing
There , Qun tells Taisheng about her husband , who years before had left China for France .	Sing
As stated by Jia , the artifice of the electronic music was to " signify the real emptiness of the lives of Tao and her friends .	Sing
The Charité – Universitätsmedizin Berlin is Europe 's largest university clinic , affiliated with Humboldt University and Freie Universität Berlin .	Sing
Still , the Charité continues to use the campus for teaching and research and has more than 300 staff members located there .	Sing
The Charité is one of the main partners of the Einstein Foundation , which was established by the city and state of Berlin in 2009 .	Sing
A settlement expanded outwards from Lostock 's Hall , taking its name from the Hall .	Plur
There is a fête on the main grass field area of Lostock Hall ( situated at the back of the main shops on Hope Terrace ) .	Sing
The River Roden may refer to :	Sing
Madh Fort is a small fort in northern Mumbai , India situated at Madh Island .	Sing
Once conquered the eastern Diaguitas did not unanimously accepted Inca rule .	Sing
Enciclopedia dello Spettacolo , regarded as the most comprehensive international performing arts encyclopedia , named Darclée " world 's greatest singer for 25 years " .	Sing
Lilley was a recurring guest on the programme , but it was cancelled after only a few episodes .	Sing
Lilley appeared in the film satire " Ned " , based on the Australian outlaw Ned Kelly .	Sing
Lilley achieved overwhelming success with his second mockumentary series , " Summer Heights High " , which aired on ABC TV in 2007 .	Sing
In the series , Lilley played the series ' three main characters at a public school .	Sing
In Angry Boys Lilley plays multiple new characters in his third mockumentary series .	Sing
On his Facebook page , Lilley confirmed that he was working on a new show .	Sing
" Hamish & Andy 's American Caravan of Courage " in 2009 ( another Roving Enterprises co-production ) summarised their two-week road-trip across the United States .	Sing
The missionary explained that the presence of a cross was critical to the Eucharist and he could not continue without one .	Sing
" Dancer Purity " ) is a 2005 South Korean film directed by Park Young-hoon .	Sing
Tammany provided an apt symbol for this kind of patriotism .	Sing
Because of Philadelphia 's prominence during the American Revolution and subsequent decades , Tammany soon became a national symbol throughout much of the newly formed country .	Sing
Tammany was an Indian King , of this part of the Continent , when Mr. Penn first came here .	Sing
Hietalahti ( ) is an unofficial district in the city of Helsinki , Finland .	Sing
Hietalahti is a southern district , bordering the seaside , situated between Ruoholahti in the west and Kamppi in the north .	Sing
... [ Director ] Milestone tried to achieve action with the camera , but wears the witnesses down with words .	Sing
Pavement pounders don 't quite trick themselves up as fantastically as all that .	Plur
WA Salt Supply produces salt at Lake Deborah , 20 km to the north , which is railed from Koolyanobbing to Kwinana .	Sing
The Troth , formerly the Ring of Troth , is an American-based international heathen organization .	Sing
Chisholm remains associated with the organization as an Elder Emeritus .	Sing
The current Steer is .	Sing
The Troth is prominent in the non-racialist , inclusive branch of modern-day heathenry .	Sing
Besides being set in a traditional form , there is no poetic antecedent for Milton 's pairing .	Sing
According to historians , Tolbert centralized the power and the reform movements failed to bring a solution to tribalism , economic backwardness and democracy .	Sing
Tolbert also continued to suppress the opposition , leading to a coup .	Sing
Doe also built his image internationally by having border issues fixed with neighbouring countries and also promised a fair trial to the family of Tolbert .	Sing
The polling was largely peacefuly , but were marred by allegations of widespread fraud and rigging .	Sing
Doe was sworn-in as the President on 6 January and a civilian cabinet on 15 January .	Sing
Troels Wörsel ( born November 10 , 1950 in Aarhus , Danmark ) is a Danish painter , currently based in Cologne and Pietrasanta .	Sing
But also , the plaster mould draws water from the poured slip to compact and form the casting at the mould surface .	Sing
The plaster mould draws water from the poured slip to compact and form the casting at the mould surface .	Sing
Ceramic injection moulding is much like plastic injection moulding using various polymers for plasticizing .	Sing
Hot wax moulding largely uses paraffin wax .	Sing
The Lycée Français de Kyoto , the French international school in Kansai , was in this ward .	Sing
Underneath Kinlyside are acid volcanic rocks from the middle Silurian period .	Sing
" Takin ' It to the Top "	Sing
Bassein was the Portuguese northern capital at the time of the 16th-century treaty with the Sultan .	Sing
The southernmost of these has a well-preserved barrel-vaulted ceiling .	Sing
The Bollywood hit ″ Kambakkht Ishq ″ from Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya is one of the Bollywood songs .	Sing
Evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins argues that constant-rate gradualism is not present in the professional literature , thereby the term serves only as a straw-man for punctuated-equilibrium advocates .	Sing
In 1981 , Patterson left the band and was replaced by James J .	Sing
Pittman left the group following the release of " Independence " .	Sing
Pittman currently plays with the band New Regrets .	Sing
The Girlie Had a Mustache	Sing
The recurring punchline for this first series was that they always ended up getting their waistcoats stuck in their trouser zippers .	Sing
From this time on , Danielsson interviewed .	Sing
When they find her , the hostiles join the concert .	Plur
Homebase is the fourth studio album released by hip-hop duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince .	Sing
Yefremov or Efremov ( ) and Yefremova or Efremova ( ; feminine ) is a common Russian surname .	Sing
Brown pereiopods and pleopods are present with fringing setae in red .	Plur
The Mahim Fort ( Marathi : ) is a fort in Mahim in Mumbai , Maharashtra state , India .	Sing
Barden Ridge is a suburb in southern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .	Sing
Barden Ridge has shifted from a remote bushland area to an exclusive suburb that now contains all the necessary amenities that have established a strong community .	Sing
Barden Ridge has two schools : Lucas Heights Community School and Shire Christian School .	Sing
Barden Ridge has a long Liberal party history , which only changed in recent memory during the stalled construction of the Woronora Bridge .	Sing
Barden Ridge has its own Bushfire Brigade station and is served by the very close-by Menai police station , Ambulance post and Fire Brigade .	Sing
Its circumscription is nearly coincident to that of ex-subfamily Phyllanthoideae of the Euphorbiaceae , where this family was split from .	Sing
Phu Phan may refer to :	Sing
Goleman helped develop new programs and demonstrated a caring attitude toward students to build academic success .	Sing
Bankside Pier is a stop for river services in London .	Sing
Crowland was on a small gravel ridge in wet fen .	Sing
Hannu Erkki Johannes Koskinen ( born 10 December 1954 in Janakkala , Finland ) is a Finnish politician and a lawyer as profession .	Sing
The river Danube and its tributaries overflowed in many places , flooding parts of Germany , Bavaria in particular .	Sing
While Ennio holds Snarl at bay , Gramps activates the hoop and the player throws Snarl through it .	Sing
András Szigethy converted the Commodore 64 version of " Tass Times " to Commodore Plus / 4 .	Sing
An eternal holy flame always burns in the temple of Laxmi .	Sing
To " mitigate " means to make less harsh or hostile .	Sing
Environmental mitigation is typically a part of an environmental crediting system established by governing bodies which involves allocating debits and credits .	Sing
Mitigation is a more development-friendly alternative to strict environmental laws because it allows development to occur where environmental laws might prohibit it .	Sing
Mitigation inevitably creates a " mitigation industry " .	Sing
Regulators must therefore find a balance between protecting the long term public interest and ensuring that buyers have the proper incentives to participate in the environmental marketplace .	Plur
Mitigation can therefore compete with other rural land uses such as agriculture and residential development .	Sing
Worf soon discovers a similar patch on the " Enterprise " hull , identifying it as a lifeform .	Sing
Riker is unable to convince Kargan to stand down even after the " Enterprise " sends a message with instructions for removing the organism .	Sing
Seemingly accepting his fate , Riker convinces Kargan to close to a distance of 40,000 kilometers before attacking the " Enterprise " .	Sing
Jey stated that his inspiration for the lyrics was how a person picked his lifestyle .	Sing
Flo Rida sampled the chorus of " Blue ( Da Ba Dee ) " in his 2009 single " Sugar " .	Sing
There is another circle nearby , the Hoarstones .	Sing
Chick culling is the process of killing newly hatched poultry for which the industry has no use .	Sing
The Armored train Štefánik was a military train used during World War II ( during the Slovak National Uprising ) in Slovakia .	Sing
Kari Juhani Rajamäki ( born 15 October 1948 in Anjala ) is a Finnish politician from the Social Democratic Party and a former Minister of the Interior .	Sing
Spire may also refer to :	Sing
Francois Massaquoi was from the Loma ethnic group .	Sing
The River Meese flows just to the north of the village .	Sing
A gully takes one from the road , turns to a path , and the well is in a little wood .	Sing
Cherrington is a village in Shropshire , England , in the civil parish of Tibberton and Cherrington .	Sing
Cherrington is near to the larger village of Tibberton , to the east ; Waters Upton is to the west and Great Bolas to the north-west .	Sing
Rajah Tupas ( baptized as Felipe Tupás , 1497 — 1565 ) was the last Rajah of Cebu in the Pre-Hispanic Indianized polity of Philippines .	Sing
Longden is a village and civil parish in Shropshire , England .	Sing
To Height ) is a kibbutz , in the northern Golan Heights which lies in the municipal territory of the Golan Regional Council .	Sing
Both El Rom and the nearby moshav Odem are the two Jewish settlements in Israel with the highest elevation , after Nimrod .	Sing
Loftus was a devout Catholic .	Sing
Loftus moved back to Ireland in 1961 .	Sing
In 1962 , Loftus married Úna Uí Lachtnáin ( O 'Loughnane ) , a home economics teacher from Cootehill , County Cavan .	Sing
Loftus died on 10 July 2010 at the Mater Private Hospital .	Sing
Oddly the Rijksmuseum which was later founded with this collection at its core , still contains a split between " historical " and " modern " art .	Sing
At the same time , Marmont happened to be fishing around for information of other discontented Dutch politicians , on the orders of Napoleon .	Sing
Culbertson has written and produced over 28 # 1 contemporary smooth singles on the R & R , Gavin and Billboard Radio charts .	Sing
In September 2017 , Culbertson announced his Indiegogo campaign for his Colors of Love album , released on Feb. 14 , 2018 .	Sing
At the 2012 event , Culbertson announced that the event would return for a second year , held June 5 – 9 , 2013 .	Sing
For several years , Culbertson was a regular opening act and performed with Barry Manilow on his arena shows from 2008 – 2012 .	Sing
Withington is a village and parish in Shropshire , England .	Sing
Withington remained an agricultural community on this scale until the late 1960s when changes began to occur .	Sing
Electricity was pre-Second World War , water in the late 1950s , sewerage in the early 1970s and gas in the early 1990s .	Sing
Withington is a suburban area of Manchester , England	Sing
Withington may also refer to :	Sing
McLeod Stewart ( 1847 – 1926 ) was a Canadian lawyer and politician .	Sing
DeSantis died of cardiac arrest in 2005 .	Sing
Heymann is a German surname .	Sing
In 1862 , Dicey visited America , and wrote on the American civil war in " Macmillan 's Magazine " and the " Spectator " .	Plur
Dicey had entered at Gray 's Inn as a student in 1865 , and was called to the bar in 1875 , but did not practice .	Plur
In Christianity , a Eucharistic miracle is any miracle involving the Eucharist .	Sing
In fact , Lanciano is only one of the reported cases of Eucharistic miracles where the host has been transformed into human flesh .	Sing
During the mass the bread of the eucharist began to bleed .	Sing
" < / ref > from Amsterdam , 1345 , claims that a priest was called to administer Viaticum to a dying man .	Sing
The sack with the monstrance fell off the soldier 's donkey and the monstrance fell out .	Sing
When he arrived , the monstrance opened and fell to the ground , leaving the Host still suspended in the air and surrounded by a radiant light .	Sing
His " Celtic Miscellany " is a popular standard .	Sing
At her request , Ignat reads a passage from a letter by Pushkin and receives a telephone call from his father Alexei .	Sing
With the script being turned down by the film committee , Tarkovsky went on to make the film " Solaris " .	Sing
Tarkovsky wanted to use a hidden camera to interview her on the pretext that it was research for the film .	Sing
Initially , Tarkovsky considered Alla Demidova and Swedish actress Bibi Andersson for the role of the mother .	Sing
, Ari Marsson discovered the land six days ' sailing west of Ireland .	Sing
However , as the live ( kinescoped ) episodes are largely lost , " Mama " is unfamiliar to later generations of viewers .	Sing
Afterwards , Arrigoni became a longtime member of the Libertarian Book Club in New York City .	Sing
At that point , Arrigoni accused them of being in the pay of the Communists , and they eventually published Ferro 's responses to Borghi .	Sing
The original Big Trak was a six-wheeled ( two-wheel drive ) tank with a front-mounted blue " photon beam " headlamp , and a keypad on top .	Sing
A Soviet popular science journal Nauka i Zhizn published a detailed article on the IM-11 .	Sing
In 2010 , Zeon Ltd released a replica of the original toy .	Sing
1 ) The circular hatch on the original was removable , to allow access to the 9v battery powering the electronics .	Sing
Bigtrak Rover uses contactless technology to go exploring .	Sing
Bigtrak Rover does not draw any power from your smartphone , and does not require Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connectivity . "	Sing
A foldable tray hides and protects the keypad from accidental input .	Sing
The original Big Trak uses a 9 volt battery to power its microcontroller , while the 4 D cell batteries are used to power its electric motors .	Sing
However , the hardware on the late 1970s and early 1980s Bigtraks does not seem to be capable of processing any In command .	Sing
SSV Ulm 1846 is a German football club from Ulm , Baden-Württemberg .	Sing
Ulm has also spent eight seasons in the 2 .	Sing
In 1968 , RSVgg Ulm became part of TSG Ulm 1846 .	Sing
In 1968 , RSVgg Ulm became part of TSG Ulm 1846 .	Sing
SSV Ulm merged with TSG 1846 to form SSV Ulm 1846 .	Sing
Afterwards Ulm worked their way back , to the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg ( IV ) in 2002 , and the Regionalliga in 2008 .	Sing
The video features Balance , portrayed as an AIDS victim in his last days , and Christopherson as a hospital orderly .	Sing
At one point , Marc Almond appears as a leather-clad hospital visitor , viewed by some commentators as representing the angel of death .	Sing
Zuckermann argues that Israeli is a " habere language " ( cf .	Sing
In essence , Corporate Venturing is about setting up structural collaborations with external ventures or parties to drive mutual growth .	Sing
CVC is unique from private VC in that it commonly strives to advance both strategic and financial objectives .	Sing
The second hallmark of corporate VC investments is the extent to which companies in the investment portfolio are linked to the investing company 's current operational abilities .	Sing
The CVC looks for key growth areas within the startup companies and then hopes to combine them with the company ’ s initiatives .	Sing
Appropriately selected investing and alignment can benefit the investing company by furthering the corporate strategy .	Sing
The startup is still shaping its concept and production and service are not yet developed fully .	Sing
Due to the current economic climate , IPOs have become a rarer occurrence recently , causing venture capital firms to look towards mergers and acquisitions .	Plur
In this case , the CVC would be cashing in by selling its investment .	Sing
Mergers are similar to acquisitions ; however , in this case one company is not buying another .	Plur
GV invests resources in healthcare technology , information technology , medical devices , medical diagnostics and therapeutics .	Sing
GV utilizes funds from its balance sheet .	Sing
The biggest bottleneck at the earliest stages of commercialization is access to entrepreneurial talent .	Sing
Diversification is also a consideration ; AHV seeks to balance the portfolio across sectors and stages to mitigate investment risk .	Sing
Corporate venturing at utilities , therefore , has historically been more pro-cyclical to the economic than other industry sectors .	Sing
Global Corporate Venturing is a media group providing news , data and comment for the industry and the wider entrepreneurial and venture community .	Sing
Polin succeeded ambassador Antoine de Rincon ( 1538 – 1541 ) in Constantinople .	Sing
Polin tried to convince Venice to join the alliance , but in vain .	Sing
Polin went to see king Francis I of France to obtain troops , which led to the Siege of Nice in August 1543 .	Sing
Polin supervised the wintering of the Ottomans at Toulon .	Sing
Polin was back to Toulon on 2 October 1544 .	Sing
In 1545 , Polin was on his way to fight against the English in the area of Boulogne .	Sing
Outside the Piedmont the Waldenses joined the local Protestant churches in Bohemia , France and Germany .	Sing
After these deeds , Polin participated to the French invasion of the Isle of Wight that same year .	Sing
In 1553 , Polin again cooperated with the Ottoman fleet in the Mediterranean , in the events surrounding the Invasion of Corsica ( 1553 ) .	Sing
In 2005 Martini was the resident chef on " LifeStyle Cafe " , a 13-part series on the LifeStyle Channel .	Sing
Devil 's Slide is the name of several geological formations .	Sing
Owusu is both an Akan surname and an Akan given name .	Sing
Owusu is one of the most common Akan surnames or Akan given names in Ghana .	Sing
The jester stated that he was to keep quiet about this under threat of execution .	Sing
Ahsan Haque of IGN rated the episode an 8.4 / 10 , calling the change of pace from the show 's usual random storytelling " pleasant " .	Sing
Slovakia eventually defeated Germany 3 – 1 .	Sing
Shardlow was still playing cricket in 1955 when he appeared in match for Bass Worthington .	Sing
As the market potential for this class of civilian aircraft later declined , Rockwell sold this line to Gulfstream American who discontinued production .	Sing
The Gaggenau ironworks , opened in 1873 , was the first major industrial operation in the district .	Plur
In the interim , class 627.0 DMUs took over operations between Baiersbronn and Freudenstadt .	Plur
The most scenic and technically difficult part of the Murg Valley Railway begins in Weisenbach .	Sing
Forbach also has the AVG ’ s line controllers ' office for the line .	Sing
The EMUs sometimes operate as single sets , sometimes as double sets .	Plur
Kaze ( pronounced kah-zee ) , real name Kevin Clarence Thomas , is a rapper from Durham , North Carolina .	Sing
Kaze founded the Sunday Night Sessions open-mic events in Chapel Hill , which he continued to co-host .	Sing
Founded in 1985 , Frontline became employee-owned company in 2009 .	Sing
Quick joined the police service in 1978 at the age of 18 , first serving in Lambeth .	Sing
Quick then returned to London to become an assistant commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Service .	Sing
Quick later suggested that he would not have needed to resign if political forces had not been angered by his arrest of Green .	Sing
Quick commented that , " I bear no malice to Damian Green " .	Sing
Casimir was the eldest child and only son of Duke Mieszko I Tanglefoot and his wife Ludmilla , probably a Bohemian princess of the Přemyslid dynasty .	Sing
The guitarra panzona , guitarra túa or guitarra blanca is a Mexican guitar with six strings and deep body .	Sing
And E-commerce continues to increase the need for systems analysts . "	Sing
Duguay was one of the pioneers of the dairy industry in the Yamaska region and owned a number of cheese-making facilities .	Sing
Duguay was mayor of Saint-Zéphirin-de-Courval from 1875 to 1876 .	Sing
Duguay died at Baie-du-Febvre at the age of 61 .	Sing
Morcar was the son of Earngrim according to John of Worcester and his brother was Sigeferth .	Sing
King Æthelred seized both Morcar 's and Sigeferth 's lands , and imprisoned Sigeferth 's widow who was called Ealdgyth .	Sing
Megabus runs from the bus station .	Sing
Prior to joining the faculty of the University of Utah , Parmley was involved in cyclotron research at the University of California , Berkeley .	Sing
Parmley was a member of the LDS Church .	Sing
Parmley was involved with the Atomic Energy Commission and the National Bureau of Standards .	Sing
Although Parmley retired from formal teaching in 1980 , his zeal for learning and expanding the minds of young people persisted though his whole life .	Sing
Storytelling is an album by French jazz fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty , released in 1989 .	Sing
In the end , Carli kissed Simon on a party boat , but only to get back at another man .	Sing
Carli is Simon 's love interest and has been since they were eight years old .	Sing
Sadie is a girl in Jay 's tutor group , and sits next to Jay .	Sing
Gennadi Vladimirovich Strikalov ( ; born October 17 , 1969 ) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player .	Sing
Croghan , appointed Canon William Thomas Gaul as Rector of St Cyprian ’ s Kimberley .	Sing
In Gaul 's appointment , Croghan noted , St Cyprian ’ s assumed first place among the Anglican parishes in Kimberley .	Sing
The art deco styled courthouse was designed by William C. Townes and was built in 1932 .	Sing
" Last Look at Eden " is a real Europe album . "	Sing
The Last Look at Eden Tour started on November 7 , 2009 .	Sing
In 2008 , Damu released two free albums primarily composed of instrumental music , titled " Spare Time " and " Overtime " .	Sing
Damu the Fudgemunk releases the bulk of his music through Redefinition Records , a label that he co-owns and operates .	Sing
" Beer Thirty " is a song written by Ronnie Dunn and Terry McBride , and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn .	Sing
Sportverein Germania Vorwärts Bochum 1906 was a German association football club from the city of Bochum , North Rhine-Westphalia .	Sing
Turn- und Sportverein Bochum 1908 was a German association football club from the city of Bochum , North Rhine-Westphalia .	Sing
Dodds went in for the law .	Plur
Dodds served as President of the Liverpool Law Society , 1939 – 40 and was a member of the Council of the Law Society ( London ) .	Plur
Dodds died suddenly at his home , Heath Moor , Heswall in Cheshire on 10 September 1943 aged 62 years .	Plur
Cassin is the daughter of the late actor and director Barry Cassin .	Sing
Parmley received a bachelor 's degree in physics from Harvard University and an M.D .	Sing
Parmley became a member of the LDS Church 's Second Quorum of the Seventy in April 2003 .	Sing
Prior to his call as a general authority , Parmley served previously in the church as a bishop , stake president , and area seventy .	Sing
As a general authority , Parmley served in the presidency of the church 's Africa Southeast Area .	Sing
His liquidator tried to seize the money .	Sing
Macarius IV Tawil ( or " Taouil " ) was Patriarch of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church from 1813 to 1815 .	Sing
To achieve this performance , Chadwick used an engine arrangement called the ' Master-Slave ' layout .	Sing
The LCA , a non-profit corporation , has been running the camp ever since .	Sing
There were no Grandes Épreuves that year .	Plur
In 1962 , Ansel Adams recommended Cosindas to Polaroid for their artist trial of their new instant-developing color film .	Sing
By 1986 , Richard was L.A. ' s most famous French pastry chef when he opened his first restaurant , Citrus in West Hollywood .	Sing
At the time of his death , the Pomme Palais bakery in New York and Central Michel Richard were his last two restaurants .	Sing
Laura Inés Pollán Toledo died on October 14 , 2011 .	Sing
Sai Baba was unharmed during the incident .	Sing
Ciara ( Claudine Barretto ) is a senior physical therapist who works for a rehabilitation center in the United States .	Sing
When Julia learns about this , Ciara decides to break up with Storm and give up her happiness , like she did so many times before .	Sing
At the end of the movie , Ciara meets her husband , played by noted American banker Brett Ackerman , on a pier .	Sing
DeBarge first appeared on national television in 2003 as a contestant on the " American Idol " spin-off , " American Juniors " .	Sing
DeBarge began singing when she was 3 years old , but did not begin to take it seriously until she was 12 .	Sing
DeBarge progressed to the semi-final round of twenty contestants .	Sing
DeBarge has a multicultural background .	Sing
DeBarge also opened up for pop singer Britney Spears , during Spears ' 2009 world tour , .	Sing
In January 2010 , DeBarge received an NAACP Image Award nomination for " Outstanding New Artist . "	Sing
DeBarge made an appearance in " School Gyrls " , which premiered on Nickelodeon in March 2010 .	Sing
In September 2012 , DeBarge released her single " Cry Wolf " from her exclusive Japan album " Young & Restless " .	Sing
On April 3 , 2013 , DeBarge released another single ( " Ignite " ) from " Young & Restless " exclusively to Japan through Manhattan Records .	Sing
On May 29 , 2013 , DeBarge released another single from the album , " Higher " .	Sing
DeBarge started working on her third studio album in March 2014 with Adonis Shropshire .	Sing
DeBarge announced in an interview on September 2015 that she would be releasing a new studio album around the premiere of Growing Up Hip Hop .	Sing
DeBarge released two EPs and a single in 2016 : Thinkin Out Loud , Peaceful Understanding and Crystal Ball .	Sing
On September 30 , 2018 , DeBarge announced she would be touring in Asia in 2019 .	Sing
On September 30 , 2018 , DeBarge announced the formation of her new cosmetics company , Krissy D Cosmetics .	Sing
There was a schism in IMAF Europe which led to a separate group being formed in 1983 by Minoru Mochizuki , Hanshi , Meijin 10-Dan Aikido .	Sing
The current Shihan are Takeji Tomita and Shinji Tsutsui .	Sing
Throughout the video , DeBarge is seen flirting with several men in an attempt to get back at her ex-boyfriend .	Sing
During an interview with TheStarScoop , DeBarge said of the first time she heard the song on the radio ,	Sing
But DeBarge is able to make this song uniquely her own and put a funky dance twist on a classic .	Sing
DeBarge chose to promote the album mainly through live performances .	Sing
DeBarge also began performing live in several stores and at city fairs , performing songs such as " Speak Up " and " Future Love " .	Sing
DeBarge also performed several songs from the album at Jingle Ball 2009 .	Sing
Aside from network appearances , DeBarge also opened up for pop singer Britney Spears , during her 2009 world tour , .	Sing
During an interview with " Seventeen " magazine , DeBarge said of the video ,	Sing
“ Single girl swag ” is what she calls it .	Sing
In lexicographic breadth-first search , the output ordering is the order that would be produced by the rule :	Sing
So , when two vertices and have the same earliest predecessor , earlier than any other unchosen vertices ,	Plur
La Roux is the debut studio album by English synth-pop duo La Roux .	Sing
" Bulletproof " also became the duo 's first entry on the " Billboard " Hot 100 in the United States , peaking at number eight .	Sing
" La Roux " received generally positive reviews from music critics .	Sing
By July 2014 , " La Roux " had sold 416,667 copies in the UK .	Sing
The 1994 Bankruptcy of Orange County , California further underscored the need for ongoing excellence and expertise in the field of municipal finance .	Sing
Certification is a guide for municipal finance directors and treasurers to become valued administrators in local government .	Sing
The Australian cassette was not split into two albums , but it did use different artwork than the Canadian / American release .	Sing
Laura Inés Pollán Toledo ( February 13 , 1948 in Manzanillo , Cuba – October 14 , 2011 ) was a prominent Cuban opposition leader .	Sing
Pollan worked as a literature teacher until her retirement in 2004 .	Sing
Pollan soon began appearing outside government facilities where her husband could have potentially been imprisoned .	Sing
Pollan died of cardiorespiratory arrest on October 14 , 2011 , at the age of 63 .	Sing
Bukharin and Georgy Pyatakov differed with Lenin on the national question .	Sing
Stalin and Krestinsky were members too .	Sing
Anatoli Valeryevich Vanzhula ( ; born 29 June 1975 ) is a Russian former professional footballer .	Sing
The two duds were relatively successful , but the two remotely controlled rounds resulted in complete failure , missing the parachute targets .	Plur
The prime subcontractor was the Shanghai Broadcasting Equipment Factory , which was tasked to develop vehicle-based version of C4I system of HQ-61A .	Sing
HQ-61 ARM also has a less known name as YJ-5 , with YJ is short for Yingji ( 鹰击 ) , meaning Eagle Strike .	Sing
BTM Consult is an independent consultancy company specializing in services pertaining to renewable energy commercialization .	Sing
In March 2010 , BTM Consult released its 15th annual update report on the international wind power industry .	Sing
Lúcio Flávio Pinto ( born c . 1950 ) is an independent journalist who lives in Belém , Brazil .	Sing
Lawton opened the Haunted Bookstore in Berkeley , which specialized in rare Western Americana .	Sing
Respected by his fellow writers , Lawton always believed in the preservation of the American Indian community .	Sing
Lawton died on November 20 , 2005 in Dana Point , California .	Sing
Lawton was a supporter of the Democratic Party and human rights , and he was opposed to war , prejudice , and intolerance .	Sing
Lawton is the father of Hollywood film director , writer and producer J. F. Lawton and father-in-law of journalist , writer and LGBT activist Paola Lawton .	Sing
The outlook here is even more secular than the " Mirabilia Urbis Romae " , Roberto Weiss noted .	Sing
Magister Gregorius is the first to take notice of the Roman bronze called the " " Spinario " " , then among ancient bronzes at the Lateran .	Sing
Horizontal scanning is much faster than vertical , so this change greatly reduced the complexity of the driver electronics .	Sing
In 1961 , Schwarzschild embarked on his own speaking tour across America to try to recruit people to their cause .	Sing
Schwarzschild organized it in New York and then transferred its headquarters to Washington , D.C. , where he could do more with the legislation process .	Sing
On June 1 , 1996 Schwarzschild died of cancer at White Plains Hospital in White Plains , New York .	Sing
The annual Henry Schwarzschild Memorial Lecture began in 1999 , sponsored by the NYCLU and the Hogarth Center for Social Action at Manhattan College .	Sing
The lecturers focus on critical issues of " human rights and human dignity . "	Plur
Kearse Theater was a historic theatre building located at Charleston , West Virginia .	Sing
In philately a franchise stamp or frank stamp is a stamp given to an individual or organisation to enable them to send mail without charge .	Sing
C. albicans may refer to :	Plur
Inferno is a criminal organization attempting to unite all known underworld mob gangs into one conglomerate .	Sing
FUNimation released the series on Blu-ray and DVD in 2011 .	Sing
Bowery moved to Aston Villa in 2012 ; in 2014 he had a short loan spell with Doncaster Rovers .	Sing
Bowery made his professional debut for Chesterfield on 30 August 2008 , in a 1 – 0 defeat against Wycombe Wanderers .	Sing
On 19 November 2009 , Bowery joined Conference National club Barrow on loan for six weeks .	Sing
Bowery scored his first goal in the Football League on 29 January 2011 , in a 2 – 2 home draw against Bradford City .	Sing
On 15 September 2011 , Bowery signed a contract extension to keep him at the club until June 2014 .	Sing
Bowery signed for Aston Villa on 31 August 2012 .	Sing
On 22 January , Bowery joined Oxford United on a deal until the end of the season .	Sing
On 5 July 2016 , Bowery joined Leyton Orient on a two-year deal upon his release from Oxford United .	Sing
Birmingham Motors was a United States based automobile company .	Sing
The Birmingham offered a number of unusual features , including a type of swing axle suspension and exterior finishes of DuPont Fabrikoid instead of paint .	Sing
Earle Francis Brucker Jr . ( August 25 , 1925 – March 28 , 2009 ) was a professional baseball player .	Sing
Brucker was the son of Earle Brucker Sr. , who played five seasons in the major leagues for the Athletics himself .	Sing
Earle Sr. had gotten a 50-year lease a property near Gillespie Airport , which he attempted to lease to the Detroit Tigers as a spring training facility .	Sing
Brucker died at his home in El Cajon on March 28 , 2009 .	Sing
The notorious pirate Captain Kidd visited for a short time , as did Typhoid Mary .	Sing
Kidd arrived in Oyster Bay on June 9 , 1699 , and anchored offshore .	Sing
Luther Jackson built the Nassau House in 1851 to be a political and social meeting space .	Sing
Royce operated a grocery store from the site and in 1907 a fire started in the neighbouring Opera House .	Sing
His first drugstore in Oyster Bay was elsewhere on South Street , but the exact location is not known .	Sing
The original porte cochere provides a covered entrance to the chapel , and once inside one can listen to the original pipe organ .	Sing
When the Warrens rented the home of Mr. and Mrs. George Townsend in Oyster Bay for the summer of 1906 , Mallon came along .	Sing
Soper would later apprehend Mary Mallon in New York , and she was placed in isolation on North Brother Island , not once but twice .	Sing
The current Atelier has been functioning under EFIAF auspices since May , 2005 as a 501 ( C ) ( 3 ) not-for-profit public benefit organization .	Sing
The Atelier continues its work with guest and intern artists from around the world .	Sing
Shao 's birthname was Wentai ( 闻泰 ) , and also known as Changguang ( 长光 ) .	Sing
Some 400 lancers escorted the Emperor and his wife on their trip to Belgium , and Napoleon during his visit to the maritime provinces .	Plur
The high morale and discipline of the chevaulegers was especially obvious during the retreat of the Grande Armée .	Sing
The very last accent of the existence of the Regiment was this letter :	Sing
The AISA had also changed its name to the National Professional Soccer League .	Sing
In 2018 , Vandeweghe won her first Grand Slam title ; partnering Ashleigh Barty she won the women 's doubles title at the US Open .	Sing
Coco first started playing tennis with her elder brother , Beau , at the age of eleven .	Sing
Vandeweghe eventually turned pro in April 2008 .	Sing
Her groundstrokes are heavy and are delivered flat and powerful .	Plur
Vandeweghe is efficient at the net and enjoys moving forward to avoid extended rallies .	Sing
In general , Vandeweghe did not play many junior events and needed a wildcard to enter the 2008 US Open girls ' singles tournament .	Sing
Vandeweghe moved up to the ITF circuit after the event and this would end up being her last junior tournament .	Sing
Vandeweghe made her WTA debut at the 2006 Acura Classic at the age of 14 , losing in the first round to Kateryna Bondarenko .	Sing
In 2008 , Vandeweghe played in her first Premier tournament at Miami , where she lost to Sabine Lisicki in the first round .	Sing
In 2010 , Vandeweghe received a wildcard to the Australian Open , but she lost in the first round .	Sing
Despite high expectations at the US Open , Vandeweghe lost in the first round to Sabine Lisicki .	Sing
Vandeweghe finished the year strong by qualifying for the Toray Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo , a Premier 5 tournament .	Sing
In 2011 , Vandeweghe came through the qualifying rounds at the Australian Open , but was knocked out in the first round .	Sing
In 2013 , Vandeweghe began the season with another slow start .	Sing
Vandeweghe commenced her 2014 season at the ASB Classic , where she was the top seed in the qualifying rounds .	Sing
Vandeweghe had a very impressive grass-court season .	Sing
At the Topshelf Open , Vandeweghe won her first WTA singles title .	Sing
Vandeweghe went on to reach her first quarterfinal at a Premier-5 event at the Rogers Cup .	Sing
Vandeweghe got off to a rough start in 2016 .	Sing
In doubles , Vandeweghe teamed up with fellow American Bethanie Mattek-Sands , where they unprecedentedly claimed the doubles title .	Sing
After Indian Wells , Vandeweghe participated at the Miami Open , where she also reached the third round after defeating Samantha Crawford and world No .	Sing
Vandeweghe travelled to Brisbane , where she represented U.S. at Fed Cup .	Sing
In mixed doubles , Vandeweghe paired up with Bob Bryan .	Sing
Vandeweghe found form in the grass-court season .	Sing
After cruising through her match against Pauline Parmentier , Vandeweghe battled to defeat 2014 Wimbledon finalist Eugenie Bouchard in three tight sets .	Sing
Following the tournament , Vandeweghe rose into the top 20 for the first time in her career .	Sing
At the Stanford Classic , Vandeweghe reached the final for the third time where she lost to fellow American Madison Keys .	Sing
Following the tournament , Vandeweghe rose to a career-high ranking of No .	Sing
Vandeweghe returned to WTA at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells , and was eliminated in the single draw .	Sing
At Miami Open , Vandeweghe lost her 1.st round match in the Singles Draw , but she entered the Double with Ashleigh Barty for the first time .	Sing
At the clay season , Vandeweghe reached the Final at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix , where she lost to Karolina Pliskova .	Sing
Vandeweghe made comeback at the Western & Southern in Cincinnati , and had another defeat .	Sing
To get more matches before US Open , Vandeweghe received a wildcard for the Connecticut Open .	Sing
Vandeweghe and Barty held 3 Championships Point in 3.rd set , before they converted it on a doublefault from the serve of Mladenovic .	Sing
Vandeweghe has played in the World TeamTennis pro league for seven seasons .	Sing
Vandeweghe represented the United States at the 2017 Hopman Cup and Fed Cup .	Sing
The WFL had all-league teams chosen in 1974 by " The Sporting News " and by the players / coaches .	Sing
Candlelight in Algeria is a 1944 British war film directed by George King and starring James Mason , Carla Lehmann and Raymond Lovell .	Sing
Jumpers tend to be older than their flat racing counterparts and can have much longer careers , making it possible to earn a large number of wins .	Plur
Kingston ( by Spendthrift ) had 138 starts and won 89 of these , including 30 stakes-races .	Sing
Bankrupt won 86 races from 348 starts , and he was also by Spendthrift .	Sing
In 1902 Sceptre became the only racehorse to win four British Classic Races outright .	Sing
Previously , in 1868 , Formosa won the same four races but dead-heated in the 2,000 Guineas Stakes .	Sing
However , Curlin , Arrogate , Winx and Gun Runner descend instead from the Native Dancer sire line through Mr. Prospector .	Sing
Both Nearco and Native Dancer were grandsons of Phalaris .	Sing
In 1951 , Citation became the first horse to win one million dollars .	Sing
In 1979 , Affirmed became the first horse to break the two million dollar barrier , finishing his career with earnings of $ 2.3 million .	Sing
Spectacular Bid broke this record in 1980 , amassing career earnings of $ 2.8 million .	Sing
UFC paid Pearson $ 30,000 as an unofficial win bonus	Sing
However , on 4 August , Trujillo pulled out of the bout and was replaced by Gray Maynard .	Sing
Subsequently , on 26 October , Krause pulled out of the fight citing a torn hamstring .	Sing
Kristie used to work as a ring girl .	Sing
On September 25 , 2006 , TWC announced major PM changes .	Sing
In May 2008 , Morrow moved to " First Outlook " , and was replaced by Nick Walker .	Sing
Noongar Radio 100.9 FM is a community radio station in Perth , Western Australia .	Sing
The 2 Norty Broz ( Samuel Yombich Pilot Kickett and Jamahl Ryder ) have been the station ’ s breakfast hosts 2016 to current .	Sing
Noongar Radio broadcasts a diversity of programming for the community in which it ’ s licensed to serve .	Sing
When her conversion was complete , Avondale delivered her to the Military Sealift Command on 31 March 1986 .	Sing
" Pollux " took part in the Persian Gulf War in 1990-1991 .	Sing
If activated again , " Pollux " will report to the Military Sealift Command .	Sing
Conversion began on 28 July 1984 at Avondale Shipyards in New Orleans , Louisiana .	Sing
" Altair " took part in the Persian Gulf War in 1990 .	Sing
If activated , " Altair " will report to the Military Sealift Command .	Sing
Conversion began on 29 June 1984 at National Steel and Shipbuilding in San Diego , California .	Sing
" Regulus " took part in the Persian Gulf War in 1990 .	Sing
If activated , " Regulus " will report to the Military Sealift Command .	Sing
Conversion began on 23 October 1982 at Pennsylvania Shipbuilding in Chester , Pennsylvania .	Sing
" Capella " took part in the Persian Gulf War in 1990 .	Sing
In 1994 , " Capella " , along with USNS " Denebola " ( T-AKR-289 ) , worked with NATO forces on convoy exercises in the Mediterranean .	Sing
If activated , " Capella " will report to the Military Sealift Command .	Sing
Conversion began on 6 October 1982 at Avondale Shipyards in New Orleans , Louisiana .	Sing
" Antares " took part in the Persian Gulf War in 1990 .	Plur
If activated , " Antares " will report to the Military Sealift Command .	Plur
In 2013 , Adult Swim announced they would be producing a Team Unicorn television pilot .	Sing
13 Stitches is a 7-inch EP by NOFX .	Plur
Svenson then notices Bryant 's face on a $ 50,000 reward poster .	Sing
Since he must pay for the damage to the tower , Svenson offers to assist a local law enforcement official , Capt .	Sing
Carbajal then is stricken with malaria and turns seriously ill .	Sing
McCain was also a member of the BC Lions and the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .	Sing
McCain started playing football at the age of five years , in Pop Warner Football .	Sing
McCain attended Coconino High School , where he starred in Basketball and Football .	Sing
McCain signed a letter of intent to play with the Glendale Community College Gauchos , in Glendale , Arizona , in 2004 .	Sing
As a true freshman , McCain started 6 games and earned ALL WSFL First Team Wide Receiver Honors .	Sing
In his sophomore season , McCain started all 11 games and had 49 catches for 933 yards and 11 touchdowns .	Sing
McCain redshirted in 2006 for academic issues .	Sing
After going undrafted in the 2007 NFL Supplemental Draft , McCain signed with the Quad City Steamwheelers in March 2008 .	Sing
McCain signed with the BC Lions on September 30 , 2008 .	Sing
In June 2009 , McCain signed with the Billings Outlaws of the Indoor Football League .	Sing
" McCain helped the Outlaws capture the first ever Indoor Football League Championship , where he had 4 catches for 46 yards and two touchdowns .	Sing
Standout Outlaw receiver James Walton described McCain as a " phenomenal rookie " in an interview with the Billings Gazette .	Sing
In April 2010 McCain attended Rookie Mini Camp with the Seahawks , But was not offered a contract .	Sing
On October 5 , 2010 , McCain signed with the Utah Blaze of the Arena Football League .	Sing
On January 24 , 2011 , McCain signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .	Sing
In March 2012 , McCain signed with the Cedar Rapids Titans of the Indoor Football League .	Sing
On March 15 , 2013 , McCain signed with the Sioux Falls Storm of the Indoor Football League .	Sing
On December 4 , 2013 , McCain signed with the Harrisburg Stampede of the Professional Indoor Football League .	Sing
On August 19 , 2014 , McCain signed with the Billings Wolves of the Indoor Football League .	Sing
At £ 600 , her three dresses took up half of the costume budget .	Plur
Joining in 1970 , Banes became one of several actors who met several times a week to collaborate on work .	Sing
After graduating college , Banes continued to live and work in Chicago .	Sing
In 1976 Banes moved to New York City .	Sing
As she grew older , Banes continued to take dance classes in both Chicago and New York City .	Plur
In 1978 Banes produced a film of Yvonne Rainer 's 1966 dance piece " Trio A ( The Mind is a Muscle , Part 1 ) " .	Sing
In May 2002 Banes suffered a massive stroke , from which she never recovered .	Sing
Banes continued to explore " Sophie " upon reaching New York in her piece " Sophie Heightens the Contradiction " which was performed at P.S .	Plur
Banes first worked for the " Chicago Reader " starting in 1973 .	Plur
Banes took over the project and decided that the best way to learn how to write about dance was to practice .	Sing
On top of an extensive written portfolio , Banes has taught at various institutions .	Sing
Banes is a past president and Honorary Fellow of the Society of Dance History Scholars .	Sing
In 2003 , Banes won the Lifetime Achievement Award for her Outstanding Contribution to Dance Research from the Congress on Research in Dance .	Plur
Winfield R. Sheehan ( September 24 , 1883 – July 25 , 1945 ) was a film company executive .	Sing
In 1910 , Sheehan became the fire commissioner 's secretary and in 1911 performed similar duties for the police commissioner .	Sing
Afterward , Sheehan became William Fox 's personal secretary and two years later became the studio 's general manager and vice president .	Sing
After that , Sheehan became an independent producer until his death in 1945 .	Sing
Hamadeh was a graduate of UCLA , the University of Pennsylvania Law School with a JD , and the Wharton School of Business with an MBA .	Sing
Jelgava is a town in Latvia , about 50 kilometers south of Riga .	Sing
For example , the headline in the July 3 , 1941 issue was " Free of Jewish Bolshevik Looters and Murderers . "	Sing
Collinsia corymbosa is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name round-headed Chinese houses .	Sing
Zvezda played in Russian Second Division ( Center zone ) in 2006 – 2009 .	Sing
Snob Scrilla became the support act for Matisyahu 's Australian leg of his 2009 tour .	Sing
Cain 's Offering is a Finnish power metal supergroup that formed in 2008 .	Sing
This torture eventually led to his suicide .	Sing
Shardlow also spent two seasons in the NASL with the Cleveland Stokers .	Sing
Shardlow played cricket for Staffordshire as a wicket-keeper in the Minor Counties Championship between 1960 and 1966 .	Sing
Shardlow died on 14 October 1968 of a heart attack while on a training ground , at the age of 25 .	Sing
Fishburn Airfield is a small grass strip airfield in Fishburn , County Durham .	Sing
Purcell also played for Waun Wen and Hereford United .	Sing
The limousine leaves as the narrator confesses he doesn 't really have a destination in mind .	Sing
Through the venture , Akwa Ibom hopes to raise the level of solar usage in Nigeria .	Sing
Nikolai Anatolyevich Barkalov ( ; born October 2 , 1974 ) is a retired Russian professional footballer .	Sing
This fantastic Canadian beast has the head of a caribou , the wings and claws of a raven , and the posterior of a salmon .	Sing
Percentage of single mothers was 1.9 % .	Sing
The Sheridan Square Playhouse was an Off-Broadway theatre in New York City that was active from 1958 through the early 1990s .	Sing
The Valencianas de Juncos is the professional female volleyball team of Juncos , Puerto Rico .	Sing
Solan began his career as a youth player at hometown club Middlesbrough , and spent loan spells at Hartlepool United and Darlington .	Sing
Solan never made a league appearance for Middlesbrough .	Sing
Solan died in a car crash on 23 November 1971 , at the age of 23 .	Sing
The medusae bud off at the base of the hydrants , though where aboral tentacle are present these are located between the stolons and the budding sites .	Sing
Cladonematidae medusae have a various extend of nematocysts around their umbrellar margin , varying between a continuous dense ring to none at all among the species .	Plur
" Arco " ( ARDM-5 ) is an Medium Auxiliary floating drydock for repair and serviced the United States Navy .	Sing
Nacht is the German word for night	Sing
Daley decided to retire and not seek an 18th term in 2016 .	Sing
From 2009-2011 , Daley served as the Pennsylvania House of Representatives Commerce Committee Democratic Chairperson .	Sing
Daley served as the Democratic Chair of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives Consumer Affairs Committee in 2013 to 2016 .	Sing
In 2015-16 legislative session , Daley introduced a number of nonbinding resolutions including :	Sing
In 2014 , Daley ran against Donald Cook ( R ) .	Sing
In 2012 , Daley ran against Richard J Massafra ( R ) .	Sing
Daley announced that he would retire from his position on January 7 , 2016 .	Sing
The Emo Diaries is a series of twelve compilation albums released by Deep Elm Records between 1997 and 2011 .	Sing
In 1934 , Mido launched the Multifort design , the first Mido to use a self-winding automatic movement .	Sing
During this time period , Mido used a Robot as its ambassador as a symbol of progress and robustness .	Sing
In 1945 , Mido became the first manufacturer to introduce a central-read chronograph wherein the stopwatch function had all its hands arranged at the center .	Sing
Mido released its Commander model in 1959 , which utilized a one-piece case design .	Sing
Included in these assumptions is an ethnocentric bias based on traditions of Western scientific and philosophical thought .	Sing
Scholarship on color vision has proceeded in three principal domains within the last twenty years .	Sing
The ordering of these rules is reflective of the data of the overwhelming majority of languages studied in the WCS .	Sing
Terence Kent ( born 21 October 1939 ) is an English former sportsman who played both association football and cricket professionally .	Sing
Estabrook died in Houston , Texas on February 4 , 2012 , aged 67 .	Sing
Camille " Bud " George ( December 23 , 1927 – September 1 , 2017 ) was an American politician .	Sing
Theravada Buddhism remained a major belief in Lavo although Hinduism and Mahayana Buddhism from the Khmer Empire wielded considerable influence .	Sing
Around the late 7th century , Lavo expanded to the north .	Sing
Lavo was the center from which Khmer authority ruled over the Dvaravati .	Sing
King Narai moved the capital to Ayodhaya and Lavo was then able to exert pressure on Suvarnabhumi to the west and slowly to take its cities .	Sing
But Pa Ngua took Ayutthaya from Uthong ’ s son Ramesuan in 1370 and Ramesuan returned to his homeland at Lavo .	Sing
At home in the Kingston area , Mundy enjoyed broad popular support among voters of both parties in her district .	Sing
Indeed , in 2000 , 2002 , and 2006 , Mundy won 64 percent , 65 percent , and 75 percent of the vote , respectively .	Sing
Mundy easily won reelection in her last campaign in November 2012 by a 56 % to 44 % margin .	Sing
Most recently Mundy became a CASA ( Court Appointed Special Advocate ) for foster or care dependent children .	Sing
Her greatest pleasure in retirement is spending time with her son Brian , daughter-in-law April , grandsons Mason and Bryce and granddog Violet .	Sing
Caltagirone has a reputation as a firebrand with an independent streak .	Sing
Caltagirone has been the prime sponsor of 32 bills that have been signed into law by the governor .	Sing
Lutheran scholasticism was a theological method that gradually developed during the era of Lutheran Orthodoxy .	Sing
Lutheranism began as a vigorous protest against scholasticism , starting with Martin Luther .	Sing
In 2003 , the political website PoliticsPA named him as a possible successor to House Minority Leader Bill DeWeese .	Sing
Thaddeus Kirkland ( born January 12 , 1955 ) is an American politician from Pennsylvania currently serving as mayor of Chester , Pennsylvania since 2016 .	Sing
Babette Josephs ( born August 4 , 1940 ) is a Democratic politician and attorney , and a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .	Sing
Josephs was one of a few members of the Democratic Socialists of America to be elected to public office .	Sing
Throughout her career , Josephs has chaired or been a member of a number of legislative committees .	Sing
In October 2001 , Josephs was the only House member to vote against a rule requiring students to recite the Pledge of Allegiance in public schools .	Sing
Josephs defeated Kravitz in the primary by 2,000 votes .	Sing
In February 2014 , Josephs challenged Rep. Brian Sims for the seat .	Sing
Mirrors is the second studio album from German singer Sandra , released in 1986 .	Plur
In 2018 , Gadsby 's Netflix stand-up special " Nanette " brought her to the attention of international audiences .	Sing
Before her comedy career , Gadsby worked as a cinema projectionist and as a tree planter on a farm .	Sing
Gadsby co-starred on the Australian ABC television network show " Adam Hills Tonight " ( formerly known as " Adam Hills in Gordon Street Tonight " ) .	Sing
As a comedian , Gadsby was a regular on the local and international comedy festival circuit for over 10 years .	Sing
On Rotten Tomatoes , " Nanette " received an approval rating of 100 % based on reviews from 44 critics .	Sing
Gadsby is openly lesbian and often refers to her sexuality in her stand-up routines .	Sing
Gadsby is an active supporter of various charities .	Sing
Liat Cohen ( born 17 October 1971 ) is a Franco-Israeli classical guitarist .	Sing
Chin has performed in over 90 films for famous companies like Shaw Film Company and Golden Harvest Films since the 1970s .	Sing
Chin heroically rescued a woman who had been held hostage in 1994 .	Sing
Levan Gachechiladze , a former opposition presidential candidate , has joined the document as an individual politician .	Sing
Salome Zourabichvili stressed on 8 April , that the demonstrators will remain on the streets until the president steps down .	Sing
Eka Beselia said he did not expect Saakashvili to adhere to the deadline , and that concrete action was planned for Friday .	Sing
" Be Stiff " is the third single by American new wave band Devo .	Sing
With its stop-start rhythms and angular arrangement , " Be Stiff " exemplified Devo 's stance against soft rock complacency .	Sing
Ricki Lake is the headmistress of the Charm School , and is assisted by deans Alani " La La " Vazquez and Stryker .	Sing
Ricki Lake introduces herself to the girls , stating that the fourteen girls will learn to make a difference in their lives by helping those in need .	Sing
After donating , Risky says she tends to hold a lot in , and when it comes out it 's explosive .	Sing
Ricki asks her if " Charm School " will make her happier , and K.O .	Sing
Ricki announces over an intercom to meet her in Lecture Hall immediately .	Sing
Once in Lecture Hall , Ricki reveals that the girls that stood out in a positive way will be on the Dean 's List .	Sing
Stryker says the three ladies up for expulsion will be Gia , Brittaney , and Ashley .	Sing
Ricki is surprised to see Ashley on the carpet , and is shocked when Ashley says Gia was the one that voted for her .	Sing
Ricki asks her why she voted for Ashley , but Gia simply says " It is what it is , I drank so much tonight . "	Sing
Ricki warns Brittaney that trouble does seem to follow her .	Sing
Ricki then expels Gia for being a " black-out drunk " , but wishes her the best and that she can take something away from this experience .	Sing
Ricki says that " Charm School " cannot help her with her drinking problems .	Sing
Ricki congratulates the remaining twelve girls on making it through the first night and then dismisses the class .	Sing
Farrah says at least they don 't have Brittaney Starr in their room , because if they did they wouldn 't be able to sleep .	Sing
Farrah states that " It 's ridiculous , they 're up in her face yelling at her .	Sing
Who the hell would yell at Bubbles ?	Sing
Ricki said she can already hear another fight , and states she will not tolerate disruptive individuals .	Sing
Ricki tells the girls over the intercom to put on their uniforms and report to Lecture Hall in half an hour for their first lesson .	Sing
Tanya Acker is the guest that will be working with the girls on " social responsibility " .	Sing
Bubbles says that poor people can be happy too , but Marcia says Bubbles has no idea what it 's like to be poor .	Sing
if Bubbles was her doctor .	Sing
Bubbles says that 's a mean comment and Ki Ki rises from her seat and again screams at Bubbles .	Plur
Ricki introduces them to Katrina Cameron , a representative of " Friends of the Los Angeles River " .	Sing
Meanwhile , Ricki says the girl doing the best is Farrah , and Farrah says she wants to try hard so she can really change .	Sing
After fifteen minutes pass , Ricki announces the team that worked the best will win the challenge which was the Green Team .	Sing
Farrah says " Bay Bay Bay 's screaming again !	Sing
Bubbles says Ki Ki 's really mean and she instigates problems that don 't even need to be brought up .	Sing
Risky says this is getting ridiculous that Bay Bay Bay and Ki Ki go off on Bubbles for the smallest things .	Sing
That night , Farrah gives Marcia a Mohawk haircut , and Marcia , Ashley , Farrah , and Brittanya begin to drink heavily .	Sing
Farrah then climbs into her bed , trying to go to sleep , when she realizes a plastic scorpion and cookie crumbs are in her bed .	Sing
Before elimination , Rikki calls some of the girls down to talk about the tension that 's very obvious in the school .	Sing
Bubble 's is apprehensive about being honest , as she fears Rikki will mention her name to Ki Ki .	Sing
Stryker says the three girls at risk for elimination will be Ashley , Ki Ki , and Marcia .	Sing
Meanwhile , Farrah mumbles that she doesn 't want to be a part of " this " anymore .	Sing
Stryker takes the remaining girls to detention hall to cool off .	Sing
Meanwhile , Farrah says no matter how much she and Ashley and Brittanya drink , they 'll never be angry girls .	Sing
Farrah complains that the girls ' arguing is like " chickens squawkin ' . "	Sing
Ricki then calls the girls in for an emergency meeting .	Sing
Risky thinks that Ricki 's choice wasn 't the right choice , saying other girls should have left before Ki Ki .	Sing
Ricki then asks Risky if she thought Ashley and Farrah were saved because they 're white and Risky says yes .	Sing
Lala sees why Risky thinks so , but it 's not like that .	Sing
Stryker thinks Brittaney plays the victim too much .	Sing
Lala says that coming into elimination with headphones on is a sign of disrespect and Brittaney then takes off and apologizes .	Sing
Ricki doesn 't know if Brittaney 's fake , but decides to not eliminate anybody .	Sing
Bubbles says she doesn 't have a problem with Marcia swimming nude , but she doesn 't want her near her .	Plur
Today 's lesson is all about learning to keep the girls ' bodies healthy .	Sing
After time 's up , Stryker admits all together , the kids have burned a total of 831 calories .	Sing
Ricki asks her if she 's sorry because she 's now at risk for going home , and Ashley says no .	Sing
Lala doesn 't understand Brittaney and feels she 's genuine , but everyone has problems with her .	Sing
Risky speaks up and says Brittaney lies and is fake to her and the other girls .	Sing
Risky tearfully says she 's not afraid of anything but then admits to going through a lot and doesn 't want to relive it .	Sing
Bubbles and Natasha go to the locker and freak out when they see rats in the lockers .	Sing
Bubbles and Natasha complete the task and raise $ 200 for charity .	Sing
When Ashley reaches the laboratory , her walkie talkie goes off and gets shocked from the electric cord .	Sing
Bubbles voted for Ashley because Risky did better than her in the challenge .	Sing
Ricki decides to take a risk and sends Ashley back with the group .	Sing
At dinner with Ricki Lake , Ricki plays a game with the girls .	Sing
Ricki thinks it is very generous of Bay Bay Bay , and she says Bay Bay Bay is easily her best student .	Sing
Ricki says that does not sound fine .	Sing
Risky then says that K.O .	Sing
Ricki asked Bay Bay Bay at elimination if she was going to hold true to that word and she said yes , but K.O .	Sing
At elimination , Ricki brings in Kiki and K.O .	Sing
The clutch was usually three , sometimes two , eggs .	Sing
The fantail was only one of a suite of Lord Howe ’ s endemic birds and other fauna exterminated by rat predation .	Sing
As of 2014 , Malkajgiri is the largest Lok Sabha constituency by number of electors with 3,183,325 .	Sing
To achieve the efficiency and capacity gains partially enabled by RNAV and RNP , the FAA will pursue use of data communications and enhanced surveillance functionality .	Sing
The assurance of airborne system performance is implicit for RNAV operations .	Sing
Jaune married in July 2000 her professor Jörg Immendorff and has a daughter from this marriage - Ida , born 13 August 2001 .	Sing
On 27 March , Juke Kartel performed an acoustic version of " If Only " on Channel Ten .	Sing
" Andy mein Freund " is the debut single by German singer Sandra .	Sing
Yokosuka Castle was noteworthy in that it used rounded boulders from the Tenryū River in the walls of its moats , instead of cut stone .	Sing
After Daniel graduates from Oxford University , Eloise gives him a new journal as a gift and again reminds him of his destiny .	Sing
Cuse thought it was one of the best episodes of the season .	Sing
" The Variable " was the hundredth episode of the show to be produced and aired on television .	Sing
By the late 1970s and early 1980s organised Albanian separatism had spread to Macedonia with Yugoslav security forces claiming to have uncovered two Albanian separatist organisations .	Sing
Kosovo is the birthplace of the Albanian nationalist movement which emerged as a response to the Eastern Crisis of 1878 .	Sing
While the Albanian nationalist movement advocated self-determination and strived to achieve socio-political recognition of Albanians as a separate people and language within the state .	Sing
In 1981 there was an outburst of Albanian nationalism .	Sing
Albanian Sufi sheikhs instead promoted Sufism among Yugoslav Albanians as an alternative , more traditional and decentralised form of Albanian Islam .	Plur
Unification of Albanians into one state was a demand viewed as separatism and irredentism in Yugoslavia which was banned .	Sing
Repression of Albanian nationalism and Albanian nationalists by authorities in Belgrade strengthened the independence movement and focused international attention toward the plight of Kosovar Albanians .	Sing
The KLA had emerged from the LPRK as many of its members belonged to the political movement .	Sing
Kosovar Albanian archeologists continue to attempt through archeological excavations and their interpretations to connect Kosovar Albanians with the local ancient Dardanian and Illyrian populations .	Plur
Kosovar Albanians acknowledge her charitable works though some hold misgivings about her patriotism being exaggerated and consideration of her as an Albanian patriot .	Sing
In the following August , Gaitán appeared in continental competition for the first time after making his bow in the 2016 Copa Sudamericana versus Estudiantes .	Sing
Gaitán joined Colegiales permanently in August 2018 .	Sing
The Aussie Property Flippers is an Australian lifestyle / home renovating television series on the Seven Network .	Sing
Leishmania amazonesis is a parasite responsible for the disease leishmaniasis .	Sing
However , when the host is infected , the Leishmania can cause 3 different forms of Leishmaniasis .	Sing
In 2015 , Portland NORML organized the Burnside Burn in celebration of the legalization of recreational marijuana use in Oregon .	Sing
" Hammann " and " Yorktown " were the only American ships to be sunk during the battle .	Sing
Crum Creek also called Cathatachua Creek flows into the Mohawk River in East Creek , New York .	Sing
The Utes played FCS North Dakota , in-state rival BYU , and San Jose State in out-of-conference play .	Plur
In Pac-12 conference play , the Utes did not play cross-divisional foes California and Oregon State .	Plur
McCloskey was an active Democrat and was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1936 , 1940 , 1944 and 1948 .	Sing
McCloskey and his wife had six children , including Thomas McCloskey who succeeded his father in running the construction company .	Sing
McCloskey died in Philadelphia in April 1973 .	Sing
Ugi ’ s amine is a chemical compound named for the chemist who first reported its synthesis in 1970 , Ivar Ugi .	Sing
Ugi ’ s amine is capable of promoting directed ortho lithiation diastereoselctively ( with respect to planar chirality ) .	Sing
Further functionalization can take place at the carbon alpha to the ferrocene by substituting the dimethylamine with various nucleophiles .	Sing
Ugi ’ s amine has found extensive use in the synthesis of metal binding ligands used in homogeneous catalysis .	Sing
Timmerman Creek flows into the Mohawk River in St. Johnsville , New York .	Sing
CRISPR is a repeated , short sequence of RNA that match with the genetic sequence that the scientists are aiming to modify or engineer .	Sing
CRISPR works in rhythm with Cas9 , an enzyme that splices the DNA .	Sing
CRISPR / cas9 is a genome editing tool that allows scientists to edit the genome by adding or removing sections of DNA .	Sing
Kalyani is an uneducated village girl who lives with her mother and two brothers .	Sing
Sundaram does not want to go home without the requisite amount .	Sing
Susheela loves him and they get married , even though Susheela is from a different caste .	Sing
Kalyani loses her eyesight when firing a cracker on Deepavali day .	Sing
Hearing this , Sundaram comes back to the village with his wife Susheela .	Sing
Sundaram asks Susheela to give her jewellery to Kalyani .	Sing
But Susheela refuses and takes Sundaram back to Chennai .	Sing
Kalyani and Mani goes to Chennai and seek asylum in Kumaresan 's house .	Sing
Intelsat III F-4 was a geostationary communications satellite built by TRW , it was owned by Intelsat , a company currently based in Luxembourg .	Sing
Zimmerman Creek flows into the Mohawk River in St. Johnsville , New York .	Sing
Stacey Roy ( born February 9 ) is a Canadian actor , producer , host , live broadcaster and content creator .	Sing
Intelsat IV F-2 was a geostationary communication satellite built by Hughes , it was owned by Intelsat .	Sing
Cornelio Casablanca ( 1861-1945 ) was an Argentine financier and politician .	Sing
Casablanca maintained good relations with the British community of Bahia Blanca .	Sing
In 1890 , Casablanca participated together with Lisandro de la Torre , in the Revolution of the Park , forming part of the foundation of Civic Union .	Sing
In 1910 Cornelio Casablanca participated in the foundations of the Hospital Provincial del Centenario and the Facultad de Medicina ( Rosario ) .	Sing
Casablanca was an active member of the , one of the most important institutions of the Argentina .	Sing
Pritt played a significant role in the trial .	Sing
Loh calls this " a modernist approach to engineering a new nation-state 's unifying language " .	Sing
North Monmouth is an unincorporated village in the town of Monmouth , Kennebec County , Maine , United States .	Sing
North Monmouth has a post office with ZIP code 04265 .	Sing
By 1966 , " Namdal Arbeiderblad " had a circulation of 4,382 , whereas " Nordtrønderen og Namdalen " had a circulation of 5,957 .	Sing
Twenty-five years later , in 1991 , " Namdal Arbeiderblad " was three times the size of its competitor .	Sing
Wonka disappeared , but for three years resumed selling candy ; the origin of Wonka 's labor force is unknown .	Sing
The next day , Wonka announces that he hid five " Golden Tickets " in Wonka Bars .	Sing
Finders of the tickets will receive a factory tour and a lifetime supply of chocolate .	Plur
Wonka coldly explains that they violated the contract by stealing Fizzy Lifting Drinks and allowing Tom and Jerry into the factory and therefore will receive nothing .	Sing
Because of this , Wonka declares Charlie the winner .	Sing
Poh was one of the eight members of the Fajar editorial board charged with sedition in 1954 .	Sing
Poh became acquainted with Lee Kuan Yew , who was the legal advisor for the students during the Fajar Trials , during his time in university .	Sing
Bunn Creek flows into the Mohawk River in Amsterdam , New York .	Sing
Woodhull eventually became a prominent union advisor and leader of the Singapore Naval Base Labour Union .	Sing
Woodhull was against the PAP proposal for merger with Malaysian Federation , calling it a political " strait jacket " .	Sing
Woodhull returned to Kuala Lumpur where he was called to the Malaysian Bar in 1967 .	Sing
Woodhull died in 26 November 2003 at the age of 71 at a Singapore Hospital after heart surgery .	Sing
Intelsat 701 ( also known as IS-701 and Intelsat 7-F1 ) is a geostationary communication satellite that was built by Space Systems / Loral ( SSL ) .	Sing
The FAA is currently working to upgrade the remaining ASR-9 radar sites to a modernized digital version known as the ASR-11 .	Sing
The processor installed on the ASR-9 was far more advanced than processors that had been used on previous models .	Sing
Unfortunately the effectiveness of this mechanism for drug nano-carriers remains inconsistent due to the heterogeneity of this EPR effect within and amongst different tumors .	Sing
The vasculature can promote metastasis by capturing cancer cells at their primary sites and providing for their delivery to secondary organs .	Sing
Ahmet Özcan ( born 7 March 1995 ) is a Swiss footballer who most recently played as a centre-back for FC Köniz .	Sing
Özcan made his professional debut for Lausanne in a Swiss Super League 4 – 0 loss to FC Zürich on 7 December 2013 .	Sing
" Educating " is a British documentary reality television programme which first aired on 22 September 2011 and has ran for four series .	Sing
The Éditions du Rocher is a publishing house based in Monaco .	Sing
In 2010 , Monasterio presented a photo-book called " Montaña Blanca " which he started in 1992 .	Sing
Kendal Broadie is an American biologist specializing in genetic dissection of nervous system development , function and plasticity , currently the Eldon Stevenson , Jr .	Sing
Christa L. Brosseau is a Canadian chemist , currently a Canada Research Chair at Saint Mary 's University ( Halifax ) .	Sing
In 2009 , Brosseau joined the Chemistry department at Saint Mary 's University as an Assistant Professor , and was promoted to Associate Professor in 2014 .	Sing
Skylab was the first space station launched into orbit by the United States .	Sing
Skylab may also refer to :	Sing
Daneel opened one of the first university-based Centers on World Christianity in North America .	Sing
In the mean time , Engle and coworkers published a palladium-catalyzed three component carboamination reaction using directing group strategy .	Sing
The Utes finished the season 20 – 12 , 11 – 7 in Pac-12 play to finish in fourth place .	Plur
Transworld Educare is an educational Institute located in Pune , India .	Sing
Transworld is a private organization that provides medical education for Indian students in Philippines .	Sing
Transworld Educare is the Authorized Associate of the Davao Medical School Foundation , Davao City , Philippines	Sing
In the year 2012 , Transworld Educare signs MoU with the Davao Medical School Foundation as the principal education associate in India .	Sing
Salcedo Park is a small urban community park in the Makati CBD north of Paseo de Roxas and south of Gil Puyat Avenue .	Sing
Alathur is a town in Alathur taluk of Perambalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .	Plur
The Exoatmospheric Reentry-vehicle Interceptor Subsystem , or ERIS , program , was a component of the United States ' Strategic Defense Initiative during the Cold War .	Sing
Among other positions , Rickmers subsequently worked as a ship broker at Harper Petersen & Co. in London .	Plur
Rickmers attended a graduate program at the University of California , Santa Barbara , completing an M.A .	Plur
Rickmers is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .	Sing
Rickmers selected as a Chairman of the Group in 2010 .	Plur
Maj Rati Keteki is an Assamese film written and directed by Santwana Bardoloi .	Sing
In other words , media hegemony served as a crucial shaper of culture , values and ideology of society ( Altheide , 1984 ) .	Sing
Selections form the prison notebook , edited and translated by Quintin Hoare & Goffrey Nowell Smith .	Plur
" Super Mustang " never exceeded mid-8s at , when contemporary conventional fuellers were turning in low-seven second passes at .	Sing
Glass Slipper is a pioneering streamliner dragster .	Sing
After a fire subsequent to the record effort , in 1960 , " Glass Slipper " reappeared with a GMC supercharger and Hilborn injection .	Sing
Over time , a complex web of gateways and routing systems linked many of them .	Sing
That portability helped make the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ( SMTP ) increasingly influential .	Sing
Early interoperability among independent systems included :	Sing
In 2014 , the then Maj Matimbe served as 2IC Artillery Mobilization Regiment until 31 March 2017 .	Sing
Malvern College Egypt ( MCE ) is a British international school located at B2-B3 South Ring Road Cairo , Egypt .	Sing
Distorted ( ) is a South Korean television series starring Namkoong Min , Uhm Ji-won , Yoo Jun-sang , Jeon Hye-bin and Moon Sung-keun .	Sing
Sammy Miller ( nicknamed " Slam 'n Sammy " ) was a dragster and funny car builder in the 1970s and 1980s .	Sing
The Wedge was allegedly a product of Miller 's dislike of repeated funny car fires .	Sing
Oldroyd created a television project on Fountains Abbey as part of her English degree which began her career in the industry .	Sing
Oldroyd also acted as an announcer for the BBC World Service and her career advanced when she was selected to be a trainee directorship in 1986 .	Sing
Oldroyd was the first woman to direct an episode of the satirical puppet programme " Spitting Image " .	Sing
Prior to signing a new contract , a routine check-up in 1999 revealed Oldroyd had abnormally high levels of blood pressure .	Sing
Apo is an island located in the Apo Reef in Occidental Mindoro , Philippines .	Sing
The " Miller Wedge " is a pioneering streamliner dragster .	Sing
In 2010 , Ryszard Henryk Grzyb won Jan Cybis Award .	Sing
Their deliberations resulted in the Nomenclature Act of 1917 and their consequent wholesale replacement ( see List of changed names ) .	Plur
Reta was a daughter of well-known accountant Herbert Robin Guerin , an AEI alumnus .	Sing
Imma nephelatma is a moth in the family Immidae .	Sing
Imma thianthes is a moth in the family Immidae .	Sing
Miss Hedge , a careers teacher , asks her noisy year eleven class what they want to be when they get older .	Sing
Miss Hedge once again tells Jamie to ' get real ' , and Dean taunts Jamie , but Jamie kisses him in retaliation .	Sing
Miss Hedge comes out of the school and refuses Jamie 's admission to the prom .	Sing
The Volksraad had a total of 60 members , 38 of which were elected and 22 appointed .	Sing
Hummus salad ( ) is an Arab salad .	Sing
After treatment and therapy , Monger returned to competition in November 2017 .	Sing
In 2016 Monger joined the F4 British Championship with JHR Developments .	Sing
In July 2017 Monger made his return to the track when he tested a Fun Cup Volkswagen Beetle adapted with additional hand controls at Brands Hatch .	Sing
The following month Monger confirmed that he would be racing for Carlin in the opening meeting of the 2018 BRDC Formula 3 series at the same venue .	Sing
Niklas Hellberg produced the entire record except " 619 Kilometer " , which was produced by Joakim Thåström and Per Hägglund .	Sing
Ruch was an anti-communist organisation operating in Poland between 1965 and 1970 .	Sing
Brigitte Massin ( 21 July 1927 – 5 December 2002 ) was a French musicologist and journalist .	Sing
Brigitte Massin is the mother of Béatrice Massin , a specialist of Baroque dance .	Sing
While serving as Minister of Industry , Basnet waived off the loans provided to industrialists affected by earthquake .	Sing
Methane in the atmosphere has a 100-year global warming potential of 34 .	Sing
With the ongoing draining for agricultural and building areas , wetlands and the associated methane production are on the decline .	Sing
Additionally , molars referred to the type species " B. serendipitus " were found at both Kirtlington and the Watton Cliff locality in Dorset .	Plur
The forefather of this branch was " Manfredo " , son of Conrad Malaspina " The Old " , around 1260 .	Sing
This branch 's forefather was " Alberto " ( – 1298 ) , son of Conrad Malaspina ( The Old ) .	Sing
Their forefather was " Azzolino " , " Obizzino " ' s grandson and son of Isnardo , who had already died before the division in 1275 .	Sing
This branch 's forefather was Gabriele , Obizzino 's grandson and Isnardo 's son , who died before the division of the feuds in 1275 .	Sing
Spinetta Malaspina pledged his loyalty to Verona ; by doing so he was awarded the feud of Fosdinovo .	Sing
This branch 's forefather was the son of Azzolino , Galeotto , who died in 1367 .	Sing
In 1340 , Spinetta Malaspina consolidated the family 's power over its estates , granting them the lordship for the following centuries .	Sing
Eremophila jamesiorum is a flowering plant in the figwort family , Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to Western Australia .	Sing
There are 5 narrow linear to lance-shaped , mostly glabrous green sepals which are long and about wide .	Sing
Young Marx is a play by Richard Bean and Clive Coleman about the early life of Karl Marx .	Sing
Shamsul Alam is a Bangladeshi cricketer .	Sing
When Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego ?	Sing
Broderbund helped out with the event by providing Carmen Sandiego content and a plan to follow .	Sing
To held with the events , Broderbund traditionally contributes in various ways .	Sing
In some cases , Broderbund even sent an actress dressed up as Carmen Sandiego by helicopter herself to schools who called in advance .	Sing
Idrissa Traoré is the name of :	Sing
Taskmaster may also refer to :	Sing
The eleven preserved historic buildings of this street are also listed as individual monuments under monument protection .	Sing
His son-in-law , the Jewish surgeon Alfred Haas , operated a private clinic ( No .	Sing
Ilias Sapanis ( born 29 December 1973 ) is a retired Greek footballer .	Sing
The continued importation of male labour for much of the colonial period , saw a massive gender imbalance resulting in a highly skewed male dominated population .	Sing
Proper public healthcare was also practically non-existent for them at this period .	Sing
Prostitution particularly was a long-standing stronghold of the secret societies , and had continually been under their provision .	Sing
Maun was a Senior Lecturer at the University of Exeter from 1999 until 2009 , teaching French and German .	Sing
In April , " Komdiv " Vasily Chuikov took command of the corps .	Sing
The 95th Rifle Brigade joined the corps in August .	Sing
The 95th and 246th Brigades transferred with the corps , while the 187th Division remained with the 1st Army .	Sing
The 172nd and the 390th then continued towards Poli , followed by the main forces of the corps .	Sing
P6 ATAV is an Indonesian Light Attack Vehicle , manufactured by PT .	Sing
In general shape , P6 is similar to P3 , but with wider and shorter body .	Sing
P6 has 3 points for mounting weapons , preferably 7.62mm MGs .	Sing
The mounting is at the top of the vehicle , passenger left and passenger right side of the vehicle .	Sing
At full fuel tank ( 120 litres ) , P6 is able to reach 500 km and achieve 120 km / hour top speed .	Sing
Richthofen threw all available aircraft at the thrust and played a vital role in its defeat .	Sing
The .300 Rook , also known as the .295 Rook ( by Holland & Holland only ) , is an obsolete centerfire rifle cartridge .	Sing
The .300 Rook is a rimmed cartridge originally designed for use in rook rifles for hunting small game and target shooting .	Sing
Interior is still the most valuable .	Sing
The laying of the waterworks and the fountain took place on July 1 , 1846 .	Sing
The 11th moved to Smolensk in October 1925 , transferring to the Belorussian Military District .	Sing
In August of that year , " Komdiv " Semyon Nikitin took command of the corps ; he was arrested during the Great Purge in March 1938 .	Sing
The 11th transferred to the 8th Army in October , and included the 11th and 125th Rifle Divisions by the outbreak of the war .	Sing
The 11th was unable to contain the advance of the fresh German 291st Infantry Division , and was cut off from the rest of the army .	Sing
The 11th transferred to the 1st Guards Army and later the 38th Army .	Sing
Balasubramaniam ' was an Indian writer and Poet who wrote mainly in the Tamil language .	Sing
Paa married Maragadavalli in 1941 .	Sing
Tai An Khang ( born 26 June 1994 ) is a Malaysian badminton player .	Sing
Johannes Nobel ( June 25 , 1887 – October 22 , 1960 ) was a German indologist and Buddhist scholar .	Sing
In the First World War , Nobel joined the Landsturm and was temporarily employed by the Supreme Army Command as chief interpreter for Turkish .	Sing
In 1925 , Nobel published the translation of the Amaruśataka by Friedrich Rückert .	Sing
In early 2000 , Machar left the SSDF , forming the SPDF , and Par yet again followed him .	Sing
When he retired from the Central Bank on 2004 , Kasongo began his political activism by joining the Civil Society led by friend Professor Bahati Lukwebo .	Sing
The SIT found that the Cayman Islands had a total investment of in Indian stock markets as on 28 February 2015 , or about per Caymanian citizen .	Sing
The North Island Main Trunk uses 25 kV 50 Hz AC .	Sing
Ikeda made regular appearances in the 2013 Nichiyō Gekijō series " "	Sing
Enem , a non-mandatory national exam , evaluates high school students in Brazil and is used to rank both private and public schools .	Sing
In 2012 , the DepEd started to implement the K – 12 education system .	Sing
Starting 2008 , the " Special " stream has merged with the " Express " stream and are now considered one single stream .	Sing
Schooling is compulsory until the student 's 16th birthday .	Sing
The NCEA is the Government-supported school qualification .	Sing
There are currently around 90 gymnasiums and some 300 vocational schools in Croatia .	Plur
The " Abitur " from gymnasium is better for a humanistic pointed university and " SOŠ Abitur " is better for a technical pointed university .	Sing
The exam allows for a limited degree of specialization in either natural sciences or social sciences .	Sing
The graduation is an important and formal family event , like christenings , weddings , and funerals .	Sing
A-levels are more difficult than Intermediates but both are needed to advance to the next level of education , which is university .	Plur
" Videregående Skole , " lead to general university admissions certification or vocational competence .	Sing
The secondary school diploma is enough to get a job in various domains .	Sing
Instruction is normally in English , though Gaelic medium education is also available .	Sing
In 2010 , a cadet by the name of Russell Jennings drafted the first idea of the squadron patch .	Sing
The symbology behind the patch represents the squadron partaking in annual WWII-Reenactments , where they represent Civil Air Patrol .	Sing
Guerilla Marketing ( ) is a 2005 Sri Lankan Sinhala action thriller film directed by Jayantha Chandrasiri and produced by K.C.K Communications for Euroshian Consultancy .	Sing
Dominika Kulczyk ( born 30 July 1977 in Poznań , Poland ) is a Polish sinologist , entrepreneur , investor , philanthropist , and reporter .	Sing
Dominika Kulczyk graduated from the Karol Marcinkowski Secondary School in Poznań .	Sing
Dominika Kulczyk is a founder and President of the Kulczyk Foundation , a philanthropic organization cooperating with Polish and international non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) .	Sing
Between 2010-2017 , Dominika Kulczyk was the President of the Polish branch of Green Cross International .	Sing
Dominika Kulczyk is the 1025th person who has received this distinction .	Sing
However , Cummins pulled out a week before the event due to a staph infection .	Plur
Bembidion doris is a species of ground beetle native to Europe .	Sing
In addition to putting on in-house productions , Stockwell Playhouse serves as a theatre space available for itinerant or touring companies to hire .	Sing
Stockwell Playhouse also produces annual One Act and Five-Minute festivals .	Sing
Bembidion obtusum is a species of ground beetle native to Europe .	Sing
After securing back-to-back league titles , Jimmy Hagan remained for a third year .	Sing
Eusébio with 40 goals was the European Golden Shoe for his second time .	Sing
The pre-season only started on 16 August because 12 players of Benfica took part in the Brazil Independence Cup , so their vacation was pushed forward .	Sing
The Primeira Divisão resumed in latter part of the month and for the last match in February , Benfica visited Estádio do Restelo to face Belenenses .	Sing
Marilyn Webb , also known as Marilyn Salzman Webb ( born 1942 ) , is an American activist , author , journalist , and professor .	Sing
Meanwhile , Stepan finds out that Gera and Matilda had an affair and that 150,000 dollars were squandered .	Sing
Gera breaths easy , lights a " joint " and " flies away . "	Plur
Kirov started his career as assistant manager at his hometown club Maritsa Plovdiv .	Sing
Kirov served as assistant manager of Velislav Vutsov in 2014 and Ermin Šiljak in 2015 .	Sing
Nikolai Kirov and his assistant manager Ivan Kochev , stabilized and improved the performance of the team .	Sing
During the winter break Kirov brought several new key players to Botev Plovdiv : Antonio Vutov , Victor Genev , Ivan Čvorović and Fernando Viana .	Sing
Lazar Marin returned to the club after a short and unsuccessful stay at CSKA Sofia .	Sing
Due to the win Botev managed to qualify for the 2017-18 UEFA Europa League .	Sing
Krum Stoyanov , Yaya Meledje and Tsvetomir Panov left during the winter break .	Sing
Botev Plovdiv finished 5th in First League and was eliminated by Slavia Sofia at the semi-finals of the Bulgarian Cup after very controversial refereeing decisions .	Sing
Feng Win had experience of establishing internet companies .	Sing
Marne is a village in the province of Bergamo in Italy .	Sing
Alonso Manuel Escalante was a Catholic priest and missionary , venerated by those he touched as the " Vagabond of God " .	Sing
A vagabond does not know where he is going or cares , while a missionary does know where he is going and does care .	Sing
In short : a vagabond has the urge to walk , eat and drink ; A missionary has the mandate to walk , teach and baptize .	Sing
Escalante led the first group of 17 Maryknollers to the Pando in Bolivia .	Sing
Born in Mont-Saint-Aignan , France , Sy has played for Sedan B , Reims B , Boulogne B , Boulogne , Amiens B and GS Consolat .	Sing
Cleo Rickman Fitch ( June 16 , 1910 – January 5 , 1995 ) was an American archaeological researcher who specialized in Roman lamps .	Sing
Fitch obtained her bachelor 's degree at Peabody College in Nashville , Tennessee , studying art and art history .	Sing
During World War II , Fitch worked for the Army as an industrial draftsman .	Sing
While James Fitch studied architecture , Cleo studied art and sculpture .	Sing
Fitch died January 5 , 1995 , in Manhattan , New York .	Sing
Diadié Diarra ( born 23 January 1993 ) is footballer who plays for Gueugnon , as a defender .	Sing
Condition of the Heart is a studio album from Kashif , released in 1985 , on Arista Records .	Sing
Mikio Yahara ( ; born April 4 , 1947 in Ehime Prefecture ) is a Japanese karate expert of the Shotokan style .	Sing
Sloan received her Bachelor 's degree in Political Science and English from the Honors College of the University of South Florida and her J.D .	Sing
In addition to her duties on the Mill Valley City Council , Sloan serves as Mill Valley 's representative to the Association of Bay Area Governments .	Sing
In October 2016 , Maunder made his club debut for the Exeter Chiefs against ASM Clermont Auvergne in the pool stage of the Champions Cup .	Sing
On 19 March 2017 , Maunder started for Exeter in the final of the Anglo-Welsh Cup , losing to the Leicester Tigers .	Sing
Maunder has represented England at U16 and U18 levels .	Sing
Maunder made his debut in the first test against Argentina , coming on for Danny Care in the 77th minute .	Sing
Nakano started his career with FC Tokyo while studying at the Waseda University .	Sing
Despite his good performances , Nakano struggled with the freezing weather in Latvia , as temperatures dipped to − 25 ° in the winter .	Sing
Nakano has represented Japan at numerous youth levels , and was called up to represent a Japan XI against the Nepal national football team in 2016 .	Sing
Adriano Santos Spencer , known as Spencer ( 11 February 1959 – 24 November 2006 ) was a Portuguese football player of Cape Verdean descent .	Sing
The Monument " Regulator Maria " Matveev Kurgan ( ) is a Russian monument , located near Matveev Kurgan .	Sing
Jeremiah is a 1998 American made-for-television biblical epic drama film produced for RAI and starring Patrick Dempsey as the Biblical prophet Jeremiah .	Sing
Within the Wires is a podcast presented as a series of audio guides .	Plur
Initial hands-on of the α9 have been positive with multiple reviewers praising the company for listening to its users .	Sing
With Nicolas-Joseph 's sudden death in 1818 , at the age of 58 , Émilie Marey-Monge became the first female head of the winemaking estate .	Sing
" DD " in the name stands for " Daredemo Dream " which means " anyone can dream " .	Sing
The documentary provokes outrage among Egyptian regime .	Plur
The British Election Study is an academic project to analyse the results of British elections that has examined every general election in the United Kingdom since 1964 .	Sing
Since then the BES has provided data to help researchers understand changing patterns of party support and election outcomes .	Sing
The British Election Study ( BES ) is one of the longest running election studies world-wide and the longest running social science survey in the UK .	Sing
Gli amici di Gesù - Tommaso is a 2001 Italian film directed by Raffaele Mertes and Elisabetta Marchetti , written by Gareth Jones .	Sing
Gli amici di Gesù - Giuda is a 2001 Italian-German coproduction television movie produced by Raffaele Mertes .	Sing
West Woodland is a neighborhood in Seattle , Washington .	Sing
Kazakhstan made their début in the Bala Turkvision Song Contest at the 2015 festival , in Turkey .	Sing
Dudleya hendrixii is a flowering plant discovered in late 2016 by researchers from San Diego State University and University of California , Santa Cruz .	Sing
Having upright , waxy , terete leaves , the plant is only found on a few acres of the Colonet Peninsula of Baja California , Mexico .	Sing
A spacious refectory flanked the convent building .	Sing
Hélène Receveaux ( born 28 February 1991 ) is a French judoka .	Sing
Karki is one of the leading actors in Nepalese cinema , known for his versatility .	Sing
Karki began his career at a young age by appearing in stage plays with his brother Arjun Karki .	Sing
Karki performed stage plays with Kamal Mani Nepal and his guru Sunil Pokharel in Gurukul Theatre in Kathmandu in 2005 .	Sing
From a young age Karki appeared in various stage plays in his hometown Bahuni .	Sing
Matvey was one of those settlers .	Sing
Like Robin Hood Matvey also robbed passing merchants and helped the poor , for which he was hated by the first and idolized by the second .	Sing
Matvey spent all his life in the steppes of Primiusye , uniting hundreds of like-minded people , and became their leader – ataman .	Sing
Barbosa began his career in the theater , participating in pieces with Center of Experiments in Movements .	Sing
Carex rariflora , the looseflower alpine sedge , is a species of plant in the sedge family .	Sing
Matej Poliak ( born 19 January 1993 ) is a Slovak judoka .	Sing
Haiti appointed a Consul General in New Delhi in October 2014 .	Sing
Haiti and India signed an MoU agreeing to hold regular Foreign Office Consultations on 31 May 2001 .	Sing
IBSA is also spending $ 2 million to build community health centres in Haiti .	Sing
Timi Alaibe ( born June 10 , 1962 ) is a Nigerian technocrat , businessman and politician from Bayelsa State .	Sing
However , despite his humble beginnings , young Timi encouraged by his parents .	Sing
This invaluable work ethic has guided him all through his life .	Sing
and in each one of these cities , Timi quickly gain popularity among the neighborhood kids for his remarkable swimming skills . < br >	Sing
Timi Alaibe began his elementary education at Isoko Primary School , Marine Beach , Apapa , Lagos from 1967 to 1970 .	Sing
Upon completing his primary education , young Timi returned to his village of Igbanwari in Opokuma .	Sing
Academically , Timi Alaibe was an exceptionally bright student distinguishing himself in both English and mathematics .	Sing
Timi nurtured a single minded determination to succeed in life .	Sing
After a brief professional career , Timi Alaibe felt a need to enhance his academic credentials .	Sing
Timi Alaibe is a seasoned banker with private sector experience of over twenty five years of service .	Sing
Paulo Ricardo Moroni , known as Moroni ( born 29 August 1961 ) is a former Brazilian football player .	Sing
Camp Wadsworth ( ) was a World War I-era training facility for the United States Army .	Sing
Cabbage are an English indie rock band , formed in 2015 in Mossley , Tameside .	Sing
Broadbent was previously the drummer in Where 's Strutter ?	Sing
The guild offers awards for best production design , best visual effect and a members ' choice award .	Sing
Basilio is a Cano Sport Academy product .	Sing
Basilio made his international debut in a 4 – 0 victory over South Sudan in a qualification game for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations .	Sing
Halley begins offering her services online as a prostitute , closing Moonee in the bathroom when she has a client .	Sing
Desperate , Halley approaches Ashley to apologize and ask for money .	Sing
Moonee runs away to find Jancey .	Sing
Shortly after , A24 acquired U.S. distribution rights to the film , which began a limited release in the U.S. on October 6 , 2017 .	Sing
Celso Santiago de Souza , known as Zinho ( born 5 July 1962 ) is a Brazilian football coach and a former player .	Sing
" Atlético Paranaense won 2 – 0 on aggregate and advanced to the quarter-finals . "	Sing
" Grêmio won 5 – 1 on aggregate and advanced to the quarter-finals . "	Sing
" Flamengo won 2 – 1 on aggregate and advanced to the quarter-finals . "	Sing
" Cruzeiro won 1 – 0 on aggregate and advanced to the quarter-finals . "	Sing
" Atlético Mineiro won 4 – 3 on aggregate and advanced to the quarter-finals . "	Sing
" Tied 4 – 4 on aggregate , Flamengo won on away goals and advanced to the semi-finals . "	Sing
" Grêmio won 7 – 2 on aggregate and advanced to the semi-finals . "	Sing
" Tied 4 – 4 on aggregate , Cruzeiro won on away goals and advanced to the semi-finals . "	Sing
" Flamengo won 1 – 0 on aggregate and advanced to the final . "	Sing
" Tied 1 – 1 on aggregate , Cruzeiro won on penalties and advanced to the final . "	Sing
Nevertheless , Shula is able to correctly guess who the thief is and is rewarded for it .	Sing
Jeannette : The Childhood of Joan of Arc ( ) is a 2017 French musical film directed by Bruno Dumont .	Sing
" Cahiers du cinéma " placed the film at number 2 on its list of the top 10 films of 2017 .	Sing
Yogesh Bhattarai ( ) is the Secretary of Communist Party of Nepal ( UML ) .	Sing
On April 2015 , Bhattarai gave highly criticised UCPN ( Maoist ) Chairman Pushpa Kamal Dahal .	Sing
Payam Malekian is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Siah Jamegan in the Persian Gulf Pro League .	Sing
Instead , MBB suggested to rebuild the unit with two newly manufactured car bodies .	Sing
" Makeba " is a song by Jain released in 2016 .	Sing
Jollibee is a fast-food restaurant that showed to be in 8 countries with 2316 stores .	Sing
Suman is a sweet rice that is wrapped in a leaf from a coconut or banana .	Sing
Ezekiel 33 is the thirty-third chapter of the Book of Ezekiel in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible .	Sing
Jacobo Grinberg-Zylberbaum is / was a Mexican neurophysiologist , writer and psychologist .	Sing
Jacobo disappeared in December 1994 .	Sing
Grinberg decided to study the human mind when he was 12 years old , after his mother died from a stroke .	Sing
His Ph.D. focuses on the electrophysiological effects of geometric stimuli on the human brain .	Sing
Jacobo published several of his books through INPEC .	Sing
Grinberg wrote more than 50 books about brain activity , witchcraft , shamanism , telepathy , and meditation .	Sing
Jacobo tended to put his reputation as a scientist in danger when he tried to use the scientific method in shamanism studies .	Sing
Grinberg wrote a book , " Pachita " , analyzing the scientific basis for his experiences with her .	Sing
In 1950 , Drago married Ruth Ann Burrill ( January 29 , 1929 – November 9 , 2013 ) .	Sing
In June , 1950 , Drago graduated with a BS degree in Chemistry from the University of Massachusetts Amherst .	Sing
Knapton was mayor of Cambridge from 1432 to 1433 .	Sing
Subsequent olefin insertion , protonolysis of the tantalum-carbon bond , and β-hydrogen abstraction affords the alkylamine product .	Sing
Piña became a professor of Primary Education pedagogy in 1978 at the Benemérita Escuela Nacional de Maestros , at Mexico City .	Sing
Piña became a specialist in constitutional and administrative law at the postgraduate level at the National Autonomous University of Mexico in 1986 .	Sing
Piña is a criminal law specialist , with a certificate from the Panamerican University in Mexico City in 1997 .	Sing
Prior being a Supreme Court justice , Piña worked at the Manuel M. Acosta Pedogeological Experimentation Elementary School at the Meritorious National School of Teachers .	Sing
Piña worked as a judge of Federal District for the Administrative Courts in 2000 .	Sing
After two failed attempts to reach the highest rank in Mexican Judiciary , Piña became the eleventh woman to reach the position .	Sing
Luís Manuel Alves Rolão Baltazar , known as Baltazar ( born 25 November 1966 ) is a Portuguese football coach and a former player .	Sing
Devraj Sanyal , managing director and chief executive officer , South Asia , is the current CEO of EVC .	Sing
The regular tents allow from two to four people ; the luxury tent is for four people .	Plur
Bembidion decorum is a species of ground beetle native to Europe .	Sing
Riverbank is an unincorporated rural community in Mapleton Township , Wellington County , Ontario , Canada .	Sing
By 1910 , Riverbank had a general store , and a daily stage to Drayton .	Sing
From 1922 , she undertook postgraduate studies under the supervision of George Stuart Gordon .	Sing
Rosen joined the staff of " The New York Times " while graduating from SCAD with a B.F.A .	Sing
During the Battle of Mosul , Rosen traveled to Iraq for " Foreign Affairs " and " The Atavist Magazine " .	Sing
Rosen teaches writing and creative nonfiction .	Sing
Akola is a town in the Agra district of Uttar Pradesh , India , about 16 km from the district 's main city of Agra .	Sing
Wild Throne was an American heavy metal band from Bellingham , Washington , United States .	Sing
Sathish Kalathil is an Indian film and documentary director and producer in Malayalam .	Sing
Bhasi Pangil made a Script out of this Story about Laloor .	Sing
Sathish started the news magazine " Prathibhavam " in 2000 . , He established a trust in 2010 , Digital Film Makers Forum ( D.F.M.F .	Sing
This circumvents additional preparative steps and the formation of undesired byproducts .	Plur
Finally , dissociation of the aldehyde gives the starting catalyst complex 1 .	Sing
Proton loss from complex 1 , followed by oxidative addition of allyl acetate to the iridium gives complex 3b .	Sing
In 2016 , Tao employed the Krische allylation to his synthesis of callyspongiolide using the chiral SEGPHOS catalyst complex .	Sing
Calamy preached his funeral sermon on 1 February .	Sing
Or , Richard Baxter 's Narrative of the most Memorable Passages of his Life and Times ; " appended is Sylvester 's funeral sermon for Baxter .	Sing
Natalia G. Berloff is a professor of applied mathematics at the University of Cambridge .	Sing
A PBY Catalina rescue seaplane was then also downed , the five-man crew being rescued from the sea by a freighter .	Sing
The secessionist adversaries possessed only a small number of aircraft with poor combat capabilities , e.g .	Sing
Capabilities of Gripen include a short runway requirement , advanced data link equipment , and canard delta design with lateral instability and fly-by-wire .	Plur
Saab has also joined the primarily French project for the unmanned future stealth plane Dassault nEUROn .	Sing
In 2013 , the USMC introduced Swedish helicopter units to the forward air control airborne mission profile for better air-ground coordination .	Sing
In 2013 , Saab signed an agreement with the Swedish Defence Materiel Administration for 60 new Gripen in the E version .	Sing
Doi was a popular opposition politician , but as party leader she saw her party collapse .	Sing
Doi was responsible for recruiting young women with grass-roots activist backgrounds , such as Kiyomi Tsujimoto , into the party .	Sing
The SDP was a minor party by the time the reality of the Japanese abductees taken by North Korea came to light in 2003 .	Sing
Doi apologized to the families and claimed that North Korean authorities had been deceiving her all along , but resigned the party leadership soon after .	Sing
Romero had survived the massacre himself by hiding in a cave above the town .	Sing
That year , Danner published an article in the December 6 issue of " The New Yorker " .	Sing
In a prefatory remark , Danner wrote :	Sing
Kari Stadigh is the Group CEO and President for Sampo .	Sing
Tōjō tried to commit suicide , but was resuscitated with the help of U.S. doctors .	Sing
On January 19 , 1946 , MacArthur issued a special proclamation ordering the establishment of an International Military Tribunal for the Far East ( IMTFE ) .	Sing
The recollection of a conversation with a long-dead man was admitted .	Sing
Former Foreign Minister Shigenori Tōgō maintained that Japan had had no choice but to enter the war for self-defense purposes .	Sing
After the defense had finished its presentation on September 9 , 1947 the IMT spent fifteen months reaching judgment and drafting its 1,781-page opinion .	Sing
As early as November 26 , 1945 , MacArthur confirmed to Admiral Mitsumasa Yonai that the emperor 's abdication would not be necessary .	Sing
MacArthur appointed a panel of 11 judges , nine from the nations that signed the Instrument of Surrender .	Plur
The GEF also serves as financial mechanism for the following conventions :	Sing
The Instrument for the Establishment of the Restructured GEF is the document that established the GEF after an initial pilot phase .	Sing
Biodiversity : Biodiversity is under heavy threat .	Sing
The GEF supports projects that address the key drivers of biodiversity loss which focus on the highest leveraging opportunities to achieve sustainable biodiversity conservation .	Sing
The GEF supports projects in developing countries .	Sing
Besides these seven areas , the GEF has also worked on other programs including :	Sing
GEF or Gef may refer to :	Sing
During 2004 Crass Agenda were at the forefront of a campaign against the closure of the Vortex jazz club , which has now relocated to Hackney .	Sing
Along with the abandonment of Dacia , Aurelian organized a new province bearing the same name ( " Dacia Aureliana " ) south of the Lower Danube .	Sing
Thereafter the Gepids exercised control over Banat , Crișana , and Transylvania .	Plur
The unification of small polities ruled by local Romanian leaders in Oltenia and Muntenia led to the establishment of a new principality , Wallachia .	Sing
In 30 years Miron Costin explicitly connected the Romanians ' ethnogenesis to the conquest of " Dacia Traiana " .	Sing
The Daco-Roman mixing became widely accepted in the Romanian historiography around 1800 .	Sing
Slavic and Hungarian loanwords also indicate that the Romanians ' ancestors adopted a settled way of life only at a later phase of their ethnogenesis .	Plur
In the 5th century BC , Herodotus was the first author to write a detailed account of the natives of south-eastern Europe .	Sing
Strabo wrote that the language of the Dacians was " the same as that of the Getae " .	Sing
Indeed , Eutropius also reported that Emperor Trajan transferred to the new province " vast numbers of people from all over the Roman world " .	Sing
Aurelius Victor , Eutropius and Festus stated that Dacia " was lost " under Emperor Gallienus ( " r . " 253268 ) .	Sing
The 6th-century author Jordanes who called Dacia " Gepidia " was the first to write of the Antes and Slavenes .	Plur
The late 7th-century author Ananias of Shirak wrote in his geography that the Slavs inhabited the " large country of Dacia " and formed 25 tribes .	Plur
The " Bavarian Geographer " locates the " Merehanii " next to the Bulgars .	Sing
The " Gesta Hungarorum " from around 1150 or 1200 is the first chronicle to write of Vlachs in the intra-Carpathian regions .	Sing
The late 12th-century chronicle of Niketas Choniates contains another early reference to Vlachs living north of the Danube .	Sing
John Skylitzes 's chronicle contains one of the earliest records on the Balkan Vlachs .	Sing
Historian Adolf Armbruster identified this people as Vlachs .	Sing
The poem " Nibelungenlied " from the early 1200s mentions one " duke Ramunc of Wallachia " in the retinue of Attila the Hun .	Sing
However , no early medieval fortresses unearthed in Transylvania , including Cluj-Mănăştur , Dăbâca , and Şirioara , can be definitively dated earlier than the 10th century .	Plur
The core vocabulary is to a large degree Latin , including the most frequently used 2500 words .	Sing
No loanwords of East Germanic origin have so far been proven .	Plur
Slavic loanwords make up about one-fifth of Romanian vocabulary .	Plur
Slavic loanwords tend to have positive connotations in " antonym pairs with one element borrowed from Slavic " .	Plur
Hungarian loanwords represent about 1.6 % of Romanian vocabulary .	Plur
According to Schulte , the Hungarian loanwords show that contacts between Romanians and Hungarians were limited to occasional encounters .	Plur
Romanian loanwords are rare in standard Hungarian , but abound in its Transylvanian dialects .	Plur
in Antiquity , Great Migration Period ) caused shifts in population genetic structure .	Sing
Geography plays one of the most important roles in determining European population structure .	Sing
The Berkeley MBA for Executives program lasts 19 months and consists of courses taught by the full-time faculty of Berkeley Haas .	Sing
The DPhil is a research degree , modelled on the German and American PhD , that was introduced in 1914 .	Sing
His father was of Polish descent and his mother was a Scottish immigrant .	Sing
At its conclusion , Farrakhan stands a good chance at uniting 1.2 billion Muslims under his spiritual leadership . "	Sing
The first " Santa Claus " of the theory title refers to the Democrats who promises programs to help the disadvantaged .	Sing
( Whittaker Chambers ' " Witness " is the other . )	Sing
Say further argued that this law of markets implies that a general glut ( a widespread excess of supply over demand ) cannot occur .	Sing
Say argued that economic agents offer goods and services for sale so that they can spend the money they expect to obtain .	Sing
Say further argued that because production necessarily creates demand , a " general glut " of unsold goods of all kinds is impossible .	Sing
Say rejected the possibility that money obtained from the sale of goods could remain unspent , thereby reducing demand below supply .	Sing
Economies with persistently weak demand seem to suffer large declines in potential as well as actual output .	Plur
Say argued against claims that businesses suffer because people do not have enough money .	Sing
But there is no " general glut " in Say 's view , since the gluts and shortages cancel out for the economy as a whole .	Sing
Capitalism , which is interested in value ( money as wealth ) , must create use value .	Sing
The capitalist has no control over whether or not the value contained in the product is realized through the market mechanism .	Sing
Thus , there may be a glut of labor ( " cyclical " unemployment ) , but this is balanced by an excess demand for produced goods .	Sing
Worse , a recession would hurt private real investment — by hurting profitability and business confidence — through what is called the accelerator effect .	Sing
A recurrence would place the Irish banking system , and the Irish State , into creditor restructuring .	Sing
Irish office rents are close to London City office rents .	Plur
The mid-1960s saw the Bank take over the normal day-to-day operations of exchange control from the Department of Finance .	Plur
The underlying fundamentals of the residential market continue to appear strong and the current trend in monthly price developments does not imply a sharp correction .	Plur
There can be no denying that the spinning off of the Financial Regulator from the functions of the Central Bank in 2003 , was an outright failure .	Sing
2016 Modified GNI * is 70 % of 2016 GDP ( or 2016 GDP is 143 % of 2016 GNI * ) .	Sing
Hasluck later served as Minister for Defence ( 1963 – 1964 ) and Minister for External Affairs ( 1964 – 1969 ) .	Sing
Hasluck spent his early years in Collie , where his father ran a boys ' home , and attended a one-room school there .	Sing
Hasluck won a scholarship to Perth Modern School , which he attended from 1918 to 1922 .	Sing
At the 1949 election Hasluck won Liberal preselection for the newly created Perth-area seat of Curtin .	Sing
Hasluck was briefly Minister for Defence in 1963 and 1964 , and then became Minister for External Affairs .	Sing
Although he had no great ambitions for himself , Hasluck put his name forward mainly to provide an alternative to McMahon .	Sing
In early 1969 , Gorton offered Hasluck the post of Governor-General , which he accepted .	Sing
Reportedly , Gorton was uncomfortable having a potential leadership rival in Cabinet .	Sing
At the 1972 election Whitlam defeated McMahon and became Prime Minister .	Sing
Improbably enough in view of this , Hasluck and Whitlam treated each other with complete civility that soon became genuine mutual respect .	Sing
Hasluck promptly agreed , and Whitlam and Barnard held 27 portfolios between them until the full Labor ministry was sworn in .	Sing
In 1973 , Hasluck 's Official Secretary Sir Murray Tyrrell retired after a career during which he had served six governors-general over 26 years .	Sing
Hasluck retired to Perth where he remained active in cultural and political affairs until his death in 1993 .	Sing
Hasluck received the Commemorative Medal of the 2500th Anniversary of the founding of the Persian Empire on 14 October 1971 .	Sing
His notorious republicanism failed to excuse the sarcasms he lavished on the new order of things .	Sing
His butler found him unconscious in a pool of blood .	Sing
To the Abbé Sieyès Chamfort had given fortune in the title of a pamphlet ( " Qu 'est-ce que le Tiers-État ?	Sing
Realizing that the Parlement of Paris would never agree to reform , Calonne handpicked an Assembly of Notables in 1787 to approve new taxes .	Sing
Calonne focused on maintaining public confidence through building projects and spending , which was mainly designed to maintain the Crown 's capacity to borrow funds .	Sing
Calonne 's spendthrift and authoritarian reputation was well-known to the parlements , earning him their enmity .	Sing
Calonne , angered , printed his reports and so alienated the court .	Sing
As a contemporary writer , Chamfort , remarked , Calonne was " applauded when he lit the fire , and condemned when he sounded the alarm . "	Sing
Åland is a province that accounts for 0.5 % of Finland 's population , a total population of 27,210 .	Sing
Åland has different political parties than continental Finland .	Sing
OpenGL ( OGL ) is a low level Application programming interface that takes lists of simple polygons and renders them as quickly as possible .	Sing
OI also included a number of controller objects and systems for applying them to the scene , making common interaction tasks easier .	Sing
SGI started work on yet another project aimed at merging the two , eventually culminating in Cosmo 3D .	Sing
Kongsberg ended development of Coin3D in 2011 and released the code under the BSD 3-clause license .	Sing
In addition to the university library , there is a Blackwell bookshop located on campus .	Sing
Accreditation mainly covers courses in the Bradford Media School .	Sing
The 2008 RAE reported that 80 per cent of academics at the university who submitted research to the panel are doing international or world-leading research .	Sing
Cockermouth has a temperate climate that is influenced by the Irish Sea and its low-lying elevation .	Sing
Cockermouth receives slightly below average rainfall compared with the UK average .	Sing
West Cumbria gets relatively little snow in comparison with the Lake District and Eastern Cumbria .	Sing
Cockermouth suffered badly in the nationwide flood on 19 and 20 November 2009 .	Sing
Cockermouth Castle is a sizeable but partly ruined Norman castle , formerly the home of the late Pamela , The Dowager Lady Egremont .	Sing
Cockermouth has an annual Easter Fair , fireworks display and carnival .	Sing
Industrialisation and hence work has moved to the west coast around Carlisle and Workington , and includes servicing the nuclear facilities at Sellafield .	Sing
Cockermouth has three primary schools : Fairfield Primary School , All Saints Church of England Primary School and St. Joseph 's Catholic Primary School .	Sing
The Cockermouth , Keswick and Penrith Railway served the town .	Sing
Cockermouth has a sports centre with swimming pool , two gyms , and two parks with riverside walks .	Sing
Cockermouth beat Allerdale Leisure , from Workington , 1-0 in the final .	Sing
La Motte carried on a correspondence with the duchesse du Maine , and was the friend of Fontenelle .	Sing
Aurelius Victor was the author of a short history of imperial Rome , entitled " De Caesaribus " and covering the period from Augustus to Constantius II .	Sing
Sund is a municipality of Åland .	Sing
Inside the church there is a five-meter-tall crucifix , the tallest in all of Scandinavia .	Sing
The Bomarsund Fortress ( ) is one of the most interesting historical places in Sund .	Sing
Sund is a municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .	Sing
Sund covers the southern third of the island of Store Sotra , west of the city of Bergen .	Sing
Sund is a predominantly rural municipality , with no major settlements , the largest being Hammarsland with approximately 900 inhabitants ( in 2013 ) .	Sing
Sund is the 149th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 7,058 .	Sing
Sund covers the southern third of the island of Store Sotra , as well as the many islands that surround it .	Sing
The GVB operates a number of public transportation networks in and around the city of Amsterdam , including :	Sing
In 2010 the SRA prolonged the concession ( contract ) of the GVB for the period 2012 – 2017 .	Sing
GVB has offered a ferry connection * between Central Station and Amsterdam-Noord for over 100 years .	Sing
Strong oxidizers may react vigorously with them .	Plur
These peroxides and polyperoxide substances are usually extremely unstable and prone to detonation .	Plur
The formed epoxide is a small metabolite due to the slow formation and further metabolism of the compound .	Sing
PPA also causes a decrease in glutathione and Glutathione peroxidase activity .	Sing
Metabolism of the methylenedioxy group to a carbene allows the molecule to form ligand complexes with cytochrome P450 and P448 .	Sing
Sustainable harvesting of safrole is possible from leaves and stems of certain plants .	Sing
Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov may have taken his alias , " Lenin " , from the river Lena , when he was exiled to the Central Siberian Plateau .	Sing
At the end of the Lena River there is a large delta that extends into the Laptev Sea and is about wide .	Sing
The Lena delta divides into a multitude of flat islands .	Sing
This black Servo also appeared in a host segment in episode # 609 , " The Skydivers " .	Sing
In episode K06 , Weinstein switched to a lower voice that Servo repeatedly proclaimed as his new " MIGHTY VOICE ! "	Sing
Servo normally has a condescending personality and at times can make literary and technical references that are above his companion 's heads .	Sing
In his study of Wicca , Pagan studies scholar Ethan Doyle White characterised Feri as a " Wiccan " tradition .	Sing
The Andersons claimed that one of their first acts after their marriage was the erection of an altar .	Plur
Throughout the late 1950s and early 1960s , the Andersons initiated a number of individuals into the coven .	Plur
In the early 1970s , the Andersons established a new coven with Pendderwen and his initiate , Alison Harlow .	Plur
Over the next four decades , the Andersons would initiate between twenty-five and thirty people into their tradition .	Plur
In their writing , the Andersons mixed terminology adopted from Huna , Gardnerian Wicca , and Voodoo , believing that all reflected the same underlying magico-religious tradition .	Plur
Backstroke is one of the four swimming styles used in competitive events regulated by FINA , and the only one of these styles swum on the back .	Sing
Both backstroke and front crawl are long-axis strokes .	Sing
In individual medley backstroke is the second style swum ; in the medley relay it is the first style swum .	Sing
Backstroke is an ancient style of swimming , popularized by Harry Hebner .	Sing
In the initial position , the swimmer performing backstroke lies flat on the back ; arms stretched with extended fingertips , and legs extended backwards .	Sing
The backcrawl swim supplanted the elementary backstroke swim after 1908 as the competitive back swim and it is now the referred to as the backstroke .	Sing
Usually , sprinters tend to use 6 kicks per cycle , whereas long distance swimmer may use fewer .	Plur
Breathing in backstroke is easier than in other strokes , as the mouth and nose are usually above water .	Sing
The swimmer faces the wall and grabs part of the start block or the wall with their hands .	Sing
Ideally , there are grips on the block for this purpose .	Plur
Just before the starting signal , the swimmer pulls their head closer to the start block , while keeping the knees bent at a 90-degree angle .	Sing
For the takeoff , the swimmer pushes his or her hands away from the block and swings his or her arms around sideways to the front .	Sing
At the same time , the swimmer throws his or her head to the back .	Sing
The swimmer then pushes away from the wall with his feet .	Sing
On September 21 , 2005 , FINA modified the backstroke start rule regarding toes below the water line .	Sing
After the start , the swimmer is completely underwater .	Sing
The swimmer starts swimming with one arm , followed by the other arm with half a cycle delay .	Sing
The swimmer continues in regular swimming style , staying on the back for the entire time except the turns .	Sing
Next , the swimmer makes half a tumble turn forward , resting the feet against the wall .	Sing
Similar to the start , the swimmer can remain up to 15 m under water , with most swimmers using a butterfly kick for speed .	Sing
Backstroke is also part of the medley over the following distances :	Sing
The evacuation failed , and nearly the entire expedition were captured or were destroyed in Sicily .	Sing
( Syracuse , like Sparta and its Peloponnesian allies , was a Dorian city , while most of Athens 's allies on the island were Ionian . )	Sing
Alcibiades rebounded politically from this defeat , and was elected as a general in the spring of 417 .	Plur
Shortly after the Congress , Syracuse intervened in an episode of civil strife between the democratic and oligarchic parties in Leontini , supporting the oligarchs .	Sing
Thucydides reports that Nicias had been appointed against his preference , but offers no further detail regarding that debate .	Sing
There , Nicias attempted to persuade the assembly to overturn its previous decision regarding whether to send an expedition at all .	Sing
Over the course of several speeches , Nicias raised a series of different arguments against the expedition .	Sing
In response , Alcibiades dismissed the attack on himself by pointing to the good he had done for Athens as a private citizen and public leader .	Sing
Nicias had expected this , but the other commanders were dismayed .	Plur
In Sparta , Alcibiades gave the members of the Peloponnesian League critical information on the Athenian Empire .	Sing
The Syracusans quickly hurried back and prepared for battle .	Plur
The Syracusans destroyed 300 m ( 1,000 feet ) of the Athenian wall , but could not destroy the Circle , which was defended by Nicias .	Plur
The Syracusans responded by removing Hermocrates and Sicanus as generals and replacing them with Heraclides , Eucles , and Tellias .	Plur
The Syracusans completed their counter-wall , making the Athenian wall useless .	Plur
Nicias , exhausted and suffering from illness , now believed it would be impossible to capture Syracuse .	Sing
Meanwhile , in early 413 BC Sparta acted on Alcibiades 's advice to fortify Decelea , and the Athenian force sent to relieve it was destroyed .	Sing
Demosthenes and Eurymedon then arrived with 73 ships and 5,000 hoplites .	Sing
Demosthenes landed his forces and attacked the Syracusan counter-wall on Epipolae in a risky night engagement .	Plur
Seeing this , Demosthenes thought they should all return to Athens to defend Attica against the Spartan invasion that had taken Decelea .	Plur
Demosthenes and Eurymedon reluctantly agreed that Nicias might be right , but when reinforcements from the Peloponnese arrived , Nicias agreed that they should leave .	Sing
The Syracusans took advantage of this , and 76 of their ships attacked 86 Athenian ships in the harbour .	Plur
On September 3 , the Syracusans began to completely blockade the entrance to the port , trapping the Athenians inside .	Plur
Javelin throwers and archers shot from each ship , but the Syracusans deflected Athenian grappling hooks by covering their decks with animal hides .	Plur
Nicias personally surrendered to Gylippus , hoping the Spartan would remember his role in the peace treaty of 421 .	Sing
Attica seemed free for the taking , as the Spartans were so close by in Decelea .	Sing
Some 10,000 hoplites had perished and , though this was a blow , the real concern was the loss of the huge fleet dispatched to Sicily .	Plur
The rupiah ( Rp ) is the official currency of Indonesia .	Sing
The rupiah has been subject to high inflation for most of its existence ( which as an internationally recognised currency should be dated to 1950 ) .	Sing
Rp 38 , a rate at which the government chose to end the free market , fixing the price at 332 % of face value .	Sing
The currency devaluation of large notes in 1959 saw the official exchange rate devalued to Rp 45 as of August 1959 .	Sing
Inflation in 1965 was 635 % .	Sing
By March 1983 , the managed float had brought only an 11 % fall in three and a half years to Rp 702 .	Sing
The rupiah immediately fell 7 % , with foreign money quickly leaving the country .	Sing
By 4 October , the currency had collapsed a further 19 % , falling to 3,690 per dollar .	Sing
After this announcement , the rupiah immediately gained almost 10 % , to around 3,300 rupiah per dollar .	Sing
The rupiah steadily weakened from the middle of November , standing at 3,700 rupiah per dollar at the end of the month .	Sing
The rupiah fell from 4,085 to 5,650 per dollar in the space of a single week .	Sing
The rupiah had strengthened from an all-time low of 9,100 per dollar on 23 January to 7,225 per dollar on 15 January .	Sing
The currency fell to around 10,000 per dollar .	Sing
The IMF agreed to provide an immediate US $ 5 billion of aid to cover basic necessities .	Sing
The rupiah finished the year at Rp 7,900 to the US dollar .	Sing
The currency strengthened to Rp 8,500 later in 2001 , but ended 2001 at Rp 10,505 .	Sing
The rupiah closed below Rp 12,000 for the first time since 1998 on 20 October , with intraday lows below Rp 13,000 .	Sing
As of September 2018 , the rupiah had fallen to its weakest position since the 1998 crisis as one US dollar is worth roughly IDR 14,880 .	Sing
Alexandrian Wicca , in similarity with other traditional Wiccan practices , emphasizes gender polarity .	Sing
Alexandrian covens meet on new moons , full moons and during Sabbat festivals .	Plur
Alexandrian Wicca shares with other traditional Wicca systems the belief that " only a witch can make another witch " .	Sing
Some Alexandrians have instituted a preliminary rank called " neophyte " or " dedicant . "	Plur
The A46 is an A road in England .	Sing
The A46 starts at Isaac 's Hill roundabout with the A1098 and the A180 .	Sing
The A15 leaves to the right at a roundabout .	Sing
The A46 passes the former airfield of RAF Swinderby .	Sing
Between here and Alcester the A46 is concurrent with the A422 , with the A46 taking priority .	Sing
The A46 takes a dual carriageway route to the south towards Evesham , meeting the B439 at a roundabout near Bidford on Avon .	Sing
At the northern end of the Evesham bypass , the A44 joins at a roundabout and becomes concurrent with the A46 .	Sing
After a gap filled in by the A435 , the A46 reappears on its original route in the centre of Cheltenham .	Sing
Misuse and abuse of these caffeinated drinks also cause a significant amount of emergency department visits .	Sing
Bacchus-F , a South Korean drink closely modeled after Lipovitan , also appeared in the early 1960s and targets a similar demographic .	Sing
Cott sells a variety of other branded energy drinks to independent retailers in various containers .	Sing
The sugar in non-diet energy drinks is food energy that can be utilized by the human body .	Sing
Kadyrov cited reports of one death and 530 hospital admissions in 2012 due to " poisoning " from the consumption of such drinks .	Sing
According to the AFP reports roughly 10 % of school-aged Lithuanians say they consume energy drinks at least once a week .	Sing
Several large conurbations fall just outside the zone : Reading , Luton , High Wycombe and significant parts of the Aldershot and Crawley Urban Areas .	Plur
Pholcidae , commonly known as cellar spiders , are a spider family in the suborder Araneomorphae .	Sing
The web of pholcids has no adhesive properties and instead relies on its irregular structure to trap prey .	Sing
In some cases the spider vibrates the web of other spiders , mimicking the struggle of trapped prey to lure the host closer .	Sing
The bite did in fact penetrate his skin , but did not cause any notable harm .	Sing
Wards originally elected Aldermen for life , but the term is now only six years .	Plur
Deployment began in 1958 , initially at new bases , but it eventually took over many Ajax bases as well .	Sing
In 1946 the USAAF also started two early research projects into anti-missile systems in Project Thumper and Project Wizard .	Sing
Of the two , the warhead seemed like the simplest problem to address .	Sing
The resulting flap led to calls for Nickerson to be court-martialed and was compared to the Billy Mitchell court-martial in the 1920s .	Sing
Conversions were largely complete by 1960 , leaving only a few Ajax sites in use .	Plur
The original Ajax detection radar retroactively became known as LOPAR , and remained in use as the main target selection radar in the missile control van .	Sing
By 1959 , Plato was still very much a paper project when news of large deployments of short-range missiles in the Warsaw Bloc became a clear threat .	Sing
The first EFS sets arrived at White Sands late in 1962 and started testing in April 1963 .	Sing
The IFC contained the search and tracking radars and control center ( operators , computer , etc .	Sing
On both the IFC and the LA maintenance people were available .	Sing
Prior to launch , the Missile Tracking Radar ( MTR ) locked on to the transponder in the selected missile .	Sing
When the missile neared the intercept point a command signal was sent to the missile to explode .	Sing
A piston pumper is another version of this system .	Sing
These assemblages are not random .	Plur
Further , less rapid diversification occurred since , and many traces have been converged upon independently by unrelated groups of organisms .	Sing
This marine arthropod produced a spectacular hibbertopteroid track preserved in Scotland .	Sing
Sofi Lerström , the theatre 's Managing Director from 2011 took over as Artistic Director in 2013 .	Sing
The giant , red concretions occurring in Theodore Roosevelt National Park , in North Dakota , are almost in diameter .	Plur
Occasionally , concretions contain a fossil , either as its nucleus or as a component that was incorporated during its growth but concretions are not fossils themselves .	Plur
Septarian concretions or septarian nodules , are concretions containing angular cavities or cracks , called " septaria " .	Plur
Cannonball concretions are large spherical concretions , which resemble cannonballs .	Plur
The Moeraki Boulders and Koutu Boulders of New Zealand are examples of septarian concretions , which are also cannonball concretions .	Plur
" Hiatus " refers to the break in sedimentation that allowed this erosion and exposure .	Sing
Iron sulfide concretions , such as the Kansas Pop rocks , consisting of either pyrite and marcasite , are nonmagnetic ( Hobbs and Hafner 1999 ) .	Plur
The " Calypso " set off in 1952 on her maiden voyage , to the Red Sea .	Sing
These nanobots , although evolved alongside the other swarms , do not show aggressive predatory behavior .	Plur
Influential BBC disc jockeys such as John Peel and Kenny Everett were big boosters of the group .	Plur
Bad luck sabotaged efforts from the start .	Sing
( The collar of the order appears in earlier versions of the Royal coat of arms of Scotland , but without the order motto ) .	Sing
The Black Watch ( Royal Highland Regiment ) of Canada , a reserve infantry regiment of the Canadian Forces , also bears this motto .	Sing
Scum is the debut studio album by English grindcore band Napalm Death .	Sing
In 2005 , " Scum " was voted the 50th best British album of all time by " Kerrang ! "	Sing
Norbert Jokl ( February 25 , 1877 – probably May 1942 ) was an Austrian Albanologist of Jewish descent who has been called the father of Albanology .	Sing
In April 1933 , the paleontologist and Albanologist Franz Nopcsa ( Ferenc Nopcsa ) shot his secretary and himself , leaving his Albanological papers to Jokl .	Sing
However , Kaltenbrunner argued he had no power to save Jokl from deportation .	Sing
Dulcie Conrad sold her share of the Halifax edition of " Frank " in the mid-1990s to Bentley and Watkins .	Sing
Zaire is one of the 18 provinces of Angola .	Sing
The national language spoken in the province is Kikongo and the predominant ethnic group in the region is Bakongo .	Sing
Pleasley is a village and civil parish between Chesterfield and Mansfield , south east of Bolsover , Derbyshire , England and north west of Mansfield , Nottinghamshire .	Sing
Pleasley was a coal mining village for over 100 years .	Sing
Pleasley has two primary schools , one on the Nottinghamshire side of the village and one on the Derbyshire side .	Sing
Pleasley Hill is an area in Mansfield , adjacent to Pleasley .	Sing
The initial building tackled was the latest to be built , and Mill 2 provided of accommodation when it was completed in 1994 .	Sing
Tyson also has a weather station and monitors acid rain as part of the National Atmospheric Deposition Program .	Sing
Wizzard were an English glam rock band formed by Roy Wood , former member of the Move and co-founder of the Electric Light Orchestra .	Sing
Wizzard had initially intended their second album to be a double , with one disc a set of rock and roll pastiches and the other disc jazz-rock .	Sing
The soprano had toured widely in Europe , Russia and South America .	Sing
This nerve has since become known as the " nerve of Galli-Curci . "	Sing
The Marchese Curci petitioned the papal council in Rome for an annulment of the marriage in 1922 .	Sing
Carmarthen ( ; , " Merlin 's fort " or " Sea-town fort " ) is the county town of Carmarthenshire in Wales and a community .	Sing
When Britannia was a Roman province , Carmarthen was the civitas capital of the Demetae tribe , known as Moridunum ( " Sea Fort " ) .	Sing
Following the Acts of Union , Carmarthen became judicial headquarters of the Court of Great Sessions for south-west Wales .	Sing
The lead smelting moved to Llanelli in 1811 .	Sing
The ironworks evolved into tinplate works that had failed by about 1900 .	Plur
Carmarthen gaol , designed by John Nash , was in use from about 1789 until its demolition in 1922 .	Sing
The motte is also accessible to the public .	Sing
The sculpted bas-reliefs proved " unable to withstand Carmarthen 's inclement weather " , according to local antiquarians .	Plur
The Quins currently play in the Welsh Premier Division league after their promotion to the Premiership in the 2008 / 2009 season .	Plur
CPC Bears is a rugby league club based in Carmarthen and the regional side for Carmarthenshire , Pembrokeshire and Ceredigion .	Sing
Carmarthen has an athletics team , Carmarthen Harriers .	Sing
Some other teasers do not explicitly display the film 's title , but reveal it in the URL for the website .	Plur
The sins of his past and his indiscriminate sexual practices eventually cause the downfall of his empire in the early 20th century .	Plur
At his death on March 5 , 2013 , Gish held the position of Senior Vice-President Emeritus at the ICR .	Sing
Southwark has an ethnically diverse and youthful population – and the East Street market venders and shoppers reflect this diversity .	Sing
Several tanuki lead the resistance , including the aggressive chief Gonta , the old guru Seizaemon , the wise-woman Oroku , and the young and resourceful Shoukichi .	Plur
With this setback , the unity of the tanuki finally fails and they break up into smaller groups , each following a different strategy .	Sing
Optimum Releasing released the film on DVD in the United Kingdom , a year later .	Sing
Likewise , a 1-form on formula _ 28 is a section of the cotangent bundle .	Sing
For example , a principal bundle has a global section if and only if it is trivial .	Sing
On the other hand , a vector bundle always has a global section , namely the zero section .	Sing
Then sheaf cohomology enables us to consider a similar extension problem while " continuously varying " the abelian group .	Sing
The Colosseum and 2008 Beijing Olympic Stadium give varied sport stadium skylines .	Sing
Portuguesa is a Portuguese , Catalan , and Spanish feminine adjective meaning " Portuguese " .	Sing
Seaforth could refer to the following :	Sing
The exam administered to students in the 8th grade was reportedly taken by more than 20,000 students every year .	Sing
Reidy has been a controversial figure , and several teachers left the school in response to her becoming principal .	Sing
Reidy announced her resignation in June 2013 .	Sing
Donahue has since been instated as the principal .	Sing
In 2004 an anonymous alumnus of the school made a very large donation to the museum .	Sing
Science electives include microbiology , physiology , forensic science , human genetics , evolution , astronomy , organic chemistry , electronics and others .	Plur
In 1988 , Jürg Fröhlich showed that it was valid under the spin-statistics theorem for the particle exchange to be monoidal ( non-Abelian statistics ) .	Sing
During 2007 , 60.1 thousand tonnes of air cargo passed through Landvetter , about 60 % of the capacity of Arlanda .	Plur
The BOC has a special interest in avian systematics , taxonomy and distribution .	Sing
The BOC has continued to meet regularly in London ( with occasional meetings elsewhere ) and , as at June 2012 , has held 970 meetings .	Sing
The BOC has published " Bulletin of the British Ornithologists ' Club " ( " The Bulletin " , or " Bull .	Sing
The BOC has a membership of around 370 ( 2011 ) almost half of whom live outside the United Kingdom .	Sing
The BOC is a registered Charitable Incorporated Organization in England and Wales ( no .	Sing
The Old Order German Baptist Brethren split from the Old German Baptist Brethren in 1921 , when members of the latter began to adopt automobiles .	Sing
The Reagan administration , however , saw the Sandinistas as a beachhead of Soviet Communism in the Western Hemisphere , and was determined to cripple the revolution .	Sing
Juhani Aho , originally Johannes Brofeldt ( 11 September 1861 – 8 August 1921 ) , was a Finnish author and journalist .	Sing
From 1872 to 1880 Juhani Aho attended the Kuopion Lyseo , one of the few upper secondary schools offering education in Finnish .	Sing
In addition to his novels Aho wrote a number of short stories of distinct style , called " splinters " ( " lastuja " in Finnish ) .	Sing
Aho died in Helsinki in 1921 .	Sing
Garnet was a prominent member of the movement that led beyond moral suasion toward more political action .	Sing
While in school , Garnet began his career in abolitionism .	Sing
In 1834 , Garnet joined William H. Day and David Ruggles to establish the all-male Garrison Literary and Benevolent Association .	Sing
In 1841 Garnet married Julia Williams , whom he had met as a fellow student at the Noyes Academy .	Sing
In 1839 , Garnet moved with his family to Troy , New York , where he taught school and studied theology .	Sing
In 1842 , Garnet became pastor of the Liberty Street Presbyterian church , a position he held for six years .	Sing
Closely identifying with the church , Garnet supported the temperance movement and became a strong advocate of political antislavery .	Sing
" Upon the conclusion of the Negro national convention of 1843 , Garnet led a state convention of Negroes assembled in Rochester . "	Sing
Garnet said that slaves should act for themselves to achieve total emancipation .	Sing
Garnet supported the Liberty Party , a party of reform that was eventually absorbed into the Republican Party .	Sing
Garnet disagreed with the later Republicans .	Sing
By 1849 Garnet began to support emigration of blacks to Mexico , Liberia , or the West Indies , where he thought they would have more opportunities .	Sing
Garnet advocated a kind of black nationalism in the United States , which included establishing separate sections of the nation to be black colonies .	Sing
Garnet and his family escaped attack because his daughter quickly chopped their nameplate off their door before the mobs found them .	Sing
When the federal government approved creating black units , Garnet helped with recruiting United States Colored Troops .	Sing
In 1879 , Garnet married Sarah Smith Tompkins , who was a New York teacher and school principal , suffragist , and community organizer .	Sing
Charity Navigator writes that , according to Giving USA , Americans gave $ 298 billion in 2011 ( about 2 % of GDP ) .	Sing
The broad-winged hawk ( " Buteo platypterus " ) is a small hawk of the genus " Buteo " .	Sing
The broad-winged hawk is a relatively small " Buteo " , with a body size from in length and weighing .	Sing
GCR is a modified form of a NRZI code , but necessarily with a higher transition density .	Sing
Nibbles of the form ab00 have codes 11ba , i.e .	Plur
Wozniak called the system " my most incredible experience at Apple and the finest job I did " .	Sing
His personal courage , military competence and manly personal style made him a national figure .	Sing
Deodoro da Fonseca died in Rio de Janeiro on 23 August 1892 .	Sing
The Kroger Co . , or simply Kroger , is an American retailing company founded by Bernard Kroger in 1883 in Cincinnati , Ohio .	Sing
The recession had two significant and related effects on Kroger 's operations in the region .	Sing
Albertsons exited the San Antonio and Houston markets in early 2002 , selling many of the Houston stores to Kroger .	Plur
This marketplace is the largest Kroger store ever built from ground up to date at 147,000 square feet .	Sing
Criteria included the number of threatened fish species supermarkets sold , their seafood purchasing policies , and ocean legislation policies they supported .	Sing
Cipriani later married Michael S. Ensign , a gaming industry executive ; he formally adopted young John , who considers him his " real father . "	Sing
The " Las Vegas Review-Journal " noted in November 2010 that Ensign has multiple " hurdles " to re-election .	Sing
After graduating from St. Ignatius College in Chicago , Magner attended St. Mary 's College in Kansas .	Sing
Amiral Édouard Guillaud ( born 10 July 1953 ) is a retired French Naval Officer and Admiral .	Sing
" Arse Biscuits " is a phrase made popular in the television show " Father Ted " .	Plur
Shortly thereafter , the BoM upgraded the system to a Category 1 cyclone , designating the storm as Tropical Cyclone Olivia .	Sing
Around the same time , the BoM upgraded Olivia to a severe tropical cyclone , assessing similar wind speeds but sustained over 10 minutes .	Sing
An oil rig in the Timor Sea recorded a wind gust of during the storm 's passage .	Sing
This gust surpassed the previous non-tornadic wind speed of 372 km / h ( 231 mph ) on Mount Washington in the United States in April 1934 .	Sing
In the 2008 season , Asim joined Pune FC where it can be said that his pro career really began .	Sing
Asim missed most of the previous season with an injury .	Sing
However , his second wife ’ s son Suresh ( Kantharao ) drives them to Sankara Rao 's house instead of the doctor ’ s home .	Sing
Sarala manages to free them from the home .	Sing
Visual Assist is a plug-in for Microsoft Visual Studio developed by Whole Tomato Software .	Sing
After spending time with South United , Vignesh returned to the I-League , signing with Bharat .	Sing
After spending a season with Bharat , Vignesh signed for Ozone of the Bangalore Super Division .	Sing
On 22 March 2018 , Vignesh was captain of the Karnataka squad for the Santosh Trophy as they defeated Goa in their first match .	Sing
Chika Wali is a Nigerian football player who plays as a centre back for Ozone in the I-League 2nd Division .	Sing
Chika started playing the game when he was eight beginning with school games and all school tournaments .	Sing
In 1986 the Pentagon released a list of airbases in Europe and in the Far East which have been WS3 equipped .	Sing
The Borneo loach ( " Pangio shelfordii " ) is an Southeast Asian species of cobitid fish .	Sing
The improvisation found on the album provides a conceptual link with the tradition of Corsican indigenous folk music .	Sing
By this time , Shivaji had become a semi-legendary figure , and several stories had developed around his legend .	Sing
A horoscope of Shivaji found in the possession of Pandit Mithalal Vyas of Jodhpur also supports this birthdate .	Sing
Shivaji was the fifth son born to Jijabai .	Sing
While Shivaji was accompanied mostly by his mother , Sambhaji lived with his father Shahaji at present day Bangalore .	Sing
After seeing no relief coming from Nizam , Shahaji decided to vacate the fort and planned his escape .	Sing
Unsettled by this incident , Shahaji Raje decided to part ways with the Nizamshahi Sultanate and raise the banner of independence and establish an independent kingdom .	Sing
During the 1630s , Shahaji was involved in campaigns against the Deccan Sultanates and the Mughals .	Sing
According to " Tarikh-i-Shivaji " , Shahaji placed this jagir under Dadoji Konddeo .	Sing
Shahaji spent most of his time in Bangalore , close to Tukabai and Vyankoji .	Sing
Shivaji grew very close to his mother , Jijabai , and almost adored her like a deity .	Sing
Jijabai led a deeply religious , almost ascetic , life amidst neglect and isolation .	Sing
In a short time , Shivaji became a skilled fighter and a good horse-rider .	Sing
However , the authenticity of these letters has not gained universal acceptance among the historians .	Sing
In addition to these , Shivaji appointed two more important officers on his own :	Sing
In 1644 , Shahaji had Lal Mahal built in Pune for his wife and his son Shivaji .	Sing
Thus Shivaji started his career as an independent young prince of a small kingdom on a mission .	Sing
However , Shivaji used the title of " Raja " ( king ) only after Shahaji 's death .	Sing
However , Jadunath Sarkar believes this to be incorrect , and states that this subjugation was completed by Dadoji Konddeo himself .	Sing
Selahattin is the Turkish version of the Muslim name Ṣalāḥ ad-Dīn .	Sing
Holidays in italics are " special days " , while those in regular type are " regular holidays " .	Plur
The Beneteau Wizz is a two-man dinghy built in 1982 .	Sing
The Wizz has a simple design , created with stability and surfing in mind .	Sing
The calculated indices fall into the following categories :	Plur
The dataset is freely available for non-commercial research and non-commercial education projects only through the ENSEMBLES project .	Sing
Hotel Yancey or The Hotel Yancey may refer to :	Sing
However there are trade offs , as direct penetrating sunlight can have negative effects on productivity and comfort .	Plur
" Doubt " is a 2009 Iranian Crystal Simorgh-winning film directed by Varuzh Karim Masihi .	Sing
Siavash Roozbehan is a young man and he has lost his father after his mysterious suicide.His uncle is managing his father 's wealth .	Sing
Siavash gradually realizes that his uncle is going to marry his mother .	Sing
The preopercular spine has a concave ventral margin .	Sing
Tropical Cyclone Herbie originated from an area of low pressure on 17 May 1988 northwest of the Cocos Islands .	Sing
Repair to damaged roofs and downed power lines began on 22 May .	Sing
Callionymus bentuviai Ben-Tuvia 's deepwater dragonet , is a species of dragonet endemic to the Red Sea .	Sing
Scotts LawnService was a subdivision of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company , an American multinational corporation headquartered in Marysville , Ohio .	Sing
At Münster Bellinger 1966 obtained a " Doctor theologiae ( Dr .	Sing
Volodymyr Horbulin was the first editor-in-chief of ' Strategic Panorama ' scientific and practical magazine .	Sing
Codman , will appear in uniform , and breakfast at Washington Gardens . "	Sing
In March 1815 Schaffer installed a pavilion that had been part of Boston 's celebration of the end of the War of 1812 .	Sing
Gano published several of his sermons and other writings .	Sing
Pacelli and St. Anne School operate in a unified manner , sharing office workers , admission directors , and other employees .	Sing
Pacelli also offers 19 honors courses .	Sing
In 2013 , Pacelli received the jug for the first time since 2004 in a 14 – 7 win .	Sing
Callionymus fasciatus , the banded dragonet , is a species of dragonet native to the Mediterranean Sea from the Gulf of Genoa to the western Aegean Sea .	Sing
Callionymus flavus is a species of dragonet endemic to the Red Sea .	Sing
In 1984 , Bergstrom co-founded a garage band called Sleze whose jam room was set up in his parents ' basement .	Sing
Callionymus guentheri is a species of dragonet endemic to the Pacific waters of the Philippines .	Sing
The snout is a little shorter than the diamerter of the eye , being markedly shorter than that of the common dragonet .	Sing
The spotted dragonet is a benthic fish which lives on sand substrates .	Sing
Callionymus meridionalis is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs down to depths of .	Sing
Gilmore is a member of the faculty of the UCLA School of Theater , Film and Television , where he teaches in the Producers Program .	Sing
For 15 years Gilmore served as head of the UCLA Film and Television Archive ’ s Programming Department .	Sing
Gilmore holds a master ’ s degree in Film Criticism and has written extensively on the American independent film scene .	Sing
The " security entitlement " is a mere relative right , therefore a contractual right .	Sing
In the May 1986 issue of The Moneypaper , Temper first printed an order form for subscribers to use to become enrolled in company DRP programs .	Sing
BusinessWeek Online quotes former marketing VP John Sandfort and suggests Temper as a way to bypass brokers using the web .	Sing
Callionymus planus , the Japanese darter dragonet , is a species of dragonet native to the shallow Pacific waters off of southern Japan and Taiwan .	Sing
The reticulated dragonet is a demersal species that occurs in inshore waters , even in the intertidal zone , over sandy substrates .	Sing
Callionymus sphinx , the sphinx dragonet , is a species of dragonet known from the waters off of the Northern Territory , Australia .	Sing
Waving Flag may refer to :	Sing
Callionymus variegatus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around southern Japan .	Sing
The sellers were Bankers Trust and the Astor Trust .	Plur
But Siddiqui fell behind on his tax bill and , according to the tenants association , let the building slide further into disrepair .	Sing
As early as 2000 , the guardhouse was gone , and as of 2006 , the building had no doorman or intercom system .	Sing
Landlord then signed a settlement agreement with tenants and filed an application to decrease or modify services .	Sing
Parry served in the Minnesota Army National Guard , receiving an honorable discharge as a staff sergeant , and attended Brown Institute of Broadcasting in Minneapolis .	Sing
Parry was a member of the Waseca City Council from 2004 to 2008 .	Sing
In October 2011 , Parry announced he would run in against incumbent Democrat U.S. Representative Tim Walz in Minnesota 's 1st congressional district .	Sing
Callan Chythlook-Sifsof ( born February 14 , 1989 ) is an American snowboarder who has competed in snowboard cross since 2005 .	Sing
However , the Northern Comanche , more warlike people who dominated the area north of the Red River , continued to raid white settlements in northern Texas .	Sing
Emory received the order while marching to Fort Cobb .	Sing
In particular , Agent Leeper behaved " cantankerously " toward the Natives .	Sing
Leeper moved his family to safety in Texas .	Sing
General Hazen transferred the Kiowa and Comanche Agency to Fort Sill .	Sing
With the ceremony finished , Ultima Squad prepare themselves for their first mission — a sortie to the planet of Mithron .	Sing
Ultima Squad quickly discovers that a terrible battle has taken place , with the garrison force annihilated and the planet 's Imperial shrine desecrated .	Sing
Back on board , Proteus confides to Severus his suspicions of Carnak and Nidon , believing that they may have been tainted by Chaos .	Sing
Using the diversion , Proteus then takes the Thunder Hammer to kill Severus and banish the daemon possessing him .	Sing
Groove Armada began Lovebox as a resident club night at London venue 93 Feet East in 2002 .	Sing
Brick corbelling is a common feature above the upper-floor windows and on the cornice .	Sing
Malo Mraševo ( ; ) is a village in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .	Sing
Arent Arentsz , also known as Cabel , ( 1585 – 18 August ( buried ) , 1631 ) was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter .	Sing
The 2003 UEFA Futsal Championship was the 4th official edition of the UEFA-governed European Championship for national futsal teams .	Sing
In 1971 Digby hitch-hiked to Venice with a friend , who was later the BBC World Service 's regional manager in Delhi .	Sing
Digby also served as visiting professor in Paris and Naples , where he lectured on Sufism and architecture .	Sing
In his latter years Digby lived in a cottage in Jersey which had been left to him by a relative .	Sing
Digby was unmarried and left no close relatives .	Sing
Diego Josué Madrigal Ulloa ( born 19 March 1989 in San José , Costa Rica ) is a Costa Rican footballer .	Sing
Madrigal made his Primera debut for UCR in January 2009 and scored his first Primera goal in March of that year .	Sing
In January 2014 , Madrigal signed for Azerbaijan Premier League side Inter Baku on a two-year contract .	Sing
In September 2015 , Madrigal returned to Costa Rica , signing with Belén	Sing
Madrigal played for the Costa Rica national football team at the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt , where the team finished in fourth place .	Sing
Madrigal made his first appearance and scored his first goal for the senior side in a friendly match against Argentina on 26 January 2010 .	Sing
The minute apex is subacute , and spirally striate ; when perfect , the apical whorls are variegated .	Sing
The thin peristome is simple .	Sing
Mortality on the bottom of the reef is much higher than on the giant kelp .	Sing
Sanjay Ghemawat is his younger brother .	Sing
Durant is member of the Guyana national football team .	Sing
The Sturges Osage Treaty was a treaty negotiated between the United States and the Osage Nation in 1868 .	Sing
Apis learned to read and write in Spanish and eventually rose to a position of leadership in which he was the principal spokesman for the local Luiseños .	Plur
Apis was one of the Luiseño leaders who fought to keep the Californios from taking control of the mission .	Sing
In 1847 , Apis was a participant in the Temecula Massacre .	Sing
Apis died between 1853 and 1855 before the Commission had decided its fate .	Sing
Pheidole ochracea is a species of ant in the genus " Pheidole " .	Sing
Pineau received the " African Vision Award " by Agoralumiere at the Cannes Film Festival where " Africa : Open for Business " was originally screened .	Sing
Clips of the film have aired on CNN .	Plur
Aquilino Boyd was one of the first wave of civilian politicians to make peace with the military dictatorship ( 1968 – 1989 ) .	Sing
Aquilino Boyd died in Panama City on 4 September 2004 .	Sing
Frisbie is a music company headquartered in TriBeCa , New York City .	Sing
Fatehabad is a town and a village in Madhya Pradesh	Sing
Ward Chipman Pitfield Jr . ( born September 6 , 1925 ) is a retired Canadian financier and Thoroughbred racehorse owner .	Sing
Following the 1984 merger of his Pitfield , MacKay , Ross with Dominion Securities , Ward Pitfield served as the new firm 's Chairman until his retirement .	Sing
Phrynoponera pulchella is a species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae .	Sing
On the cathedral there is a coronal of 72 sculpture portraits on the outside wall of the apses .	Sing
With permanent danger from the Ottomans in the east , the Renaissance had only a modest influence , while fortifications thrived .	Sing
Curitiba Rugby Clube is a Rugby Union team in the city of Curitiba , Paraná , Brazil .	Sing
Bonnie Dunbar ended relations with the company and sued them .	Sing
Previously , Podolski spent twelve years in various engineering , product development and manufacturing positions at G.D. Searle , a subsidiary of Monsanto Company .	Sing
In December 2017 , Allergan announced it was buying Repros Therapeutics .	Sing
The Vista became infamous in 1990 when then-Mayor Marion Barry was arrested on drug charges in a government sting in a room at the hotel .	Sing
Virginia Ruano Pascual and Paola Suárez reached the final of the Australian Open for the second time ( in 2003 they lost to Williams sisters ) .	Sing
For children there are discovery trays , containing mouse bones and shells , and a facility for constructing arches .	Plur
Dobbs began competing in 2003 on the Intermediate level .	Plur
In the 2007 – 2008 season , Dobbs moved up to the junior level .	Sing
In the 2008 – 2009 season , Dobbs debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit .	Sing
At the 2010 U.S. Championships , Dobbs placed 6th in the ladies event , and 7th in the pairs event with Jacobsen .	Sing
Dobbs was on the alternate list for Four Continents and was assigned to the event following the 2010 U.S. Championships .	Plur
At a young age , Halkett entered the Royal Navy and as a lieutenant achieved his first command , that of the tiny sloop in 1789 .	Sing
Halkett remained in command of " Ganges " until 1812 when he was made a rear-admiral .	Sing
Halkett died at home in Pitfirrane in October 1839 .	Sing
Kawakami City is famous for its strong dedication to its samurai ancestors .	Sing
Luella , Basil 's wife , refuses to believe that the boy can find water .	Sing
Chaparral Yucca ( Hesperoyucca whipplei ) is commonplace throughout the climate zone .	Sing
California oak woodlands are at many elevations in less xeric locations , with species such as the coast live oak ( " Quercus agrifolia " ) .	Plur
This attractive coastline is highly vulnerable to urban , recreational , and agricultural development and only 15 % of original habitat is intact .	Sing
Kyrgyzstan followed suit with online visitor visas in September 2017 , Armenia in November 2017 , and both Vietnam and Uzbekistan in 2018 .	Sing
Kazakhstan has introduced a procedure for obtaining a single entry visa in electronic format from 1 January 2019 .	Sing
Visa privileges provided by Indian immigration for citizens of these countries are considerably less than the visa privileges provided by these countries to Indian citizens :	Sing
" Morning Sun " is the third official single from British singer-songwriter Robbie Williams ' eighth studio album , " Reality Killed the Video Star " .	Sing
McCartan is the Anglicized form of Mac Artáin of Irish origins .	Sing
Forde , Annesley , Price , Maxwell and Johnston family members were prominent officers .	Sing
The suspensions and inner parts recall the contrapuntal writing of Bach .	Plur
The second " allegro " is an energetic fugue , the brief exchanges between concertino and ripieno strictly derived from the unusually long subject .	Sing
The following " allegro " is an energetic Italianate movement in the style of Vivaldi , with ritornello passages alternating with the virtuoso violin solo .	Sing
The third " andante allegro " is original and experimental , taking a short four-note figure from Handel 's opera Agrippina as a central motif .	Sing
The final " allegro " is a sort of polonaise in binary form for full orchestra .	Sing
Its transparency and crispness result partly from the amalgamation of the second violin and viola parts into a single independent voice .	Sing
The fugue leads into a short concluding " lentement " passage , a variant of the material from the start .	Sing
The concerto grosso is more carefully worked out , with an independent viola part and modifications to accommodate the string soloists .	Sing
All iPads can connect via Wi-Fi ; some models also have cellular connectivity .	Plur
The new hardware includes an A6X processor , HD FaceTime camera , improved LTE compatibility , and the all-digital Lightning connector .	Sing
The hardware includes an A9 processor and is designed to be a budget version of the iPad .	Sing
The built-in Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR interface allows wireless headphones and keyboards to be used with the iPad .	Sing
The warranty on the refurbished unit may vary between jurisdictions .	Sing
The iPad mini is available with two different frequency bands worldwide .	Sing
An adapter to VGA connectors allows the iPad to work with external monitors and projectors .	Sing
Another adapter mirrors the screen onto HDMI compatible devices in 1080p and works with all apps and rotations .	Sing
The iPhone uses a large font that allows users plenty of room to touch their selection .	Sing
In February 2010 , Condé Nast said it would sell iPad subscriptions for several of its magazines by June .	Sing
Mossberg also called the price " modest " for a device of its capabilities , and praised the ten-hour battery life .	Sing
Apple 's webpage has advised pacemaker users to keep iPads at least away from the pacemaker .	Sing
Virginia Cascades ( height ) , is a cascade type waterfall on the Gibbon River in Yellowstone National Park .	Plur
The ICI states that its mission is " to educate the public about the visual methods used in society to describe and discuss cultural phenomena . "	Sing
Graff left school and became an apprentice when he was 15 .	Sing
The ribbon bracelet created won the competition .	Sing
Graff has expanded his company , with over 35 shops in Africa , Asia , Europe , the Middle East and the US .	Sing
In 2008 , Graff purchased the Wittelsbach Diamond for £ 16.4 million , a considerable premium over the £ 9 million guide price .	Sing
Further , the " Graff recut retained the original double stellate brilliant facet pattern thus retaining the overall look of the original stone . "	Sing
Like its AFL predecessor , the Dallas Desperados , the Vigilantes played at the American Airlines Center .	Plur
The Vigilantes and the Jacksonville Sharks began play in the 2010 season , the first after the league 's restructuring .	Plur
Eldridge was a delegate to the 1920 Republican National Convention .	Sing
In addition to his duties as an officeholder , starting in 1893 , Eldridge worked as a salesman for Chase & Sanborn .	Sing
Eldridge had married Edith daughter of Harriett J .	Sing
Eldridge had five children.Raymon W. Eldridge ; Arthur F. Eldridge ; Warren P. Eldridge ; Louise Eldridge ; Charlotte Eldridge	Sing
The Apple A4 is a 32-bit package on package ( PoP ) system-on-a-chip ( SoC ) designed by Apple Inc. and manufactured by Samsung .	Sing
Urdu is one of 24 languages in which the award is given .	Sing
In 1846 Felix Valdes sold Rancho Temecula to Frenchman Jean-Louis Vignes ( Juan Luis Vignes ) .	Plur
Vignes owned both Rancho Temecula and the adjacent Rancho Pauba .	Plur
Vignes owned both Rancho Pauba and the adjacent Rancho Temecula .	Plur
Helper and Strand later in 1990 stated the mission statement or raison d 'etre of pharmacists should be to correct these drug therapy problems .	Sing
" Karluk " continued drifting , under constant dangers from the pressures of the ice .	Sing
Upon its release for older devices running iOS 4 , such as the iPhone 3GS and iPod Touch , iBooks received criticism for its slow performance .	Sing
As of version 2.0 , iBooks also supports a proprietary iBook format ( IBA ) , generated with the iBooks Author tool .	Sing
iBooks also stacks books that belong to a series when the user is on the " All Books " screen .	Sing
However , McGraw-Hill has stated that the information disclosed by McGraw was not privileged , and that the company had not intended to participate in the event .	Sing
Byron Preiss published more than 1,000 books under the " ibooks " brand starting in 1999 .	Sing
Various mathematicians have presented methods to calculate the focal subgroup from smaller groups .	Plur
Later , when Medea Figner was to be replaced by Mariya Sionitskaya , Tchaikovsky regretted that Mravina could not sing the role .	Sing
Essential Cuts is a budget compilation album by Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five released on CD in 2005 .	Plur
In the past , Givenchy has cited Suzanne Belperron , René Boivin and Jeanne Toussaint as key influences .	Sing
Alexandria " Zsa Zsa " Riordan-Niechcielska ( born August 14 , 1990 ) is an American figure skater .	Sing
From 1989 to 1994 , always in the top division , Dito represented Vitória de Setúbal , S.C. Espinho and Gil Vicente FC .	Sing
After a long karting career , Theobald stepped up to single-seaters in 2002 , racing in the Formula König series in his native Germany .	Sing
In 2005 , Theobald graduated to Formula Three , racing in the German Formula Three Championship for the same SMS Seyffarth Junior Team as his brother Johannes .	Sing
For 2006 , Theobald continued in Formula Three , this time moving to the Formula Three Euroseries .	Sing
Their ignorance and clumsiness seems to lead to failure , but eventually , by luck , they find a sponsor .	Sing
During the American Revolution , Newfield was a center of privateering .	Sing
The ARB annually allocates funds to participating local air districts who implement the program for that program cycle ( CMP Year ) .	Sing
When fully executed , the grantee can order the engine or equipment and the project can begin .	Sing
An engine retrofit is when new components , such as catalysts or filters , are added to an existing engine .	Sing
Engine retrofits typically take a few hours , after which the engine can immediately be put to use .	Plur
The Château de Commercy is a castle in the town of Commercy , in the Meuse department of France .	Sing
As such , Commercy became another land holding of the House of Lorraine .	Sing
In 1729 , Léopold died at Lunéville .	Sing
In the summer of 1748 , Voltaire , Émilie du Châtelet and Saint-Lambert spent July and part of August there .	Sing
At the death of Stanislas , in 1766 , the Duchies of Lorraine and Bar reverted to the Crown .	Plur
Gosling , soundly rejected , ended up sleeping on the couch . "	Sing
Gosling accused the MPAA of sexism and misogyny .	Sing
The men 's 200 metre individual medley at the 1994 World Aquatics Championships took place on 11 September 1994 at Foro Italico in Rome , Italy .	Sing
Paule Constant ( born 1944 Gan , Pyrénées-Atlantiques ) is a French novelist .	Sing
Seip started his work in chemistry with studies on structural chemistry , later he turned his interests to environmental chemistry .	Sing
All About Loving ( ) is a 1964 French comedy film directed by Jean Aurel and starring Anna Karina .	Sing
" Chica and the Man " is an episode from the ABC comedy-drama series " Ugly Betty " , which aired on February 3 , 2010 .	Sing
" Childhood amnesia is the inability to remember one ’ s own childhood . "	Sing
Involvement in social situations is important for the normal development of children as a means of gaining an understanding of how to effectively work together with others .	Sing
Family realignment and adjusting the child ’ s environment are two major ways parents can make the distresses of the injury easier on their child .	Sing
Leavitt graduated in 1959 from the University of Illinois at Urbana .	Sing
Annie 's Mailbox attributes a version of the lyric to a combination of William Watson Purkey and Satchel Paige ) .	Sing
Knapp wrote and lectured on architectural art glass , the collaborative process , and the integration of art and architecture .	Sing
During this early stage in his career , Knapp worked closely with Polaroid Corporation on their 20x24 camera , creating large scale instant photographs .	Sing
Knapp began to look more closely at permanent materials .	Sing
In 2002 , after nearly a decade of development , Knapp introduced his lightpaintings .	Sing
" Temporal Meditations , " a 9 ’ x 30 ’ installation , became the first lightpainting in a museum collection .	Plur
Sanford Charles " Sandy " Coats ( born 1971 ) is the former United States Attorney for the Western District of Oklahoma .	Plur
Coats attended Bishop McGuinness High School in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma and received a Bachelor of Arts from Tulane University in 1994 .	Plur
After completing law school , Coats served as a law clerk for Judge Marian P. Opala of the Oklahoma Supreme Court .	Sing
Coats served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Western District of Oklahoma from 2004 to 2009 .	Plur
From October 2007 to August 2008 , Coats was Chief of the Major Crimes Section and also Project Safe Childhood coordinator .	Plur
Telenovela is a domestic drama about a wealthy family who loses everything and finds that they were only liked for their money .	Sing
For a time the pioneer Alcoholics Anonymous group met in the Boys ' Town city office and at other locations found by Dunlea .	Sing
Springhill is a small community in County Dublin , Ireland .	Sing
Springhill is a tiny community , with around six tightly-grouped houses .	Sing
An estimated 5000 Ahmadis and guests from across the United States attended the opening ceremony .	Plur
Seduction is an album released in February 2009 featuring love songs by Frank Sinatra , from his own recording company , Reprise .	Sing
They are now in the Gallerie dell 'Accademia in Venice .	Sing
While she is sleeping , an angel enters the room while a rose sunray illuminates it .	Sing
The angel is carrying the news of her upcoming martyrdom .	Sing
The angel brings purity and clears the saint 's mind .	Sing
Loredan had defended Shkodër in Albania against the Turks ; his deed is recalled by the castle in the background .	Sing
There are also 354 unpaid honorary consuls .	Plur
Plano-convex ingots are lumps of metal with a flat or slightly concave top and a convex base .	Plur
The high purity copper bun ingots from the found in Late Bronze Age Britain and the Mediterranean seem to have undergone a secondary refining procedure between	Plur
Although ingots of any sort are not common in the British Iron Age , planoconvex or bun-shaped ingots are not unknown - e.g .	Plur
Dentists and many other categories of allied health professions typically also require professional certification or licensure for legal practice .	Plur
The Letov Š-33 was a 1930s prototype Czechoslovakian long-range bomber , designed and built by Letov .	Sing
Bicknell played college football at Boston College , where he was a two-year letterman at tight end from 1989 – 1990 .	Sing
During his two-year tenure in Frankfurt , the Galaxy reached the World Bowl final twice , winning the championship in 1999 .	Sing
François-Xavier is a French masculine given name .	Sing
The meter needle , to be aligned with an index triangle , is visible both in a top plate window and to the right in the viewfinder .	Sing
The focusing helical is remarkably smooth and precise .	Sing
The single-entry travel permit is valid for a stay up to 3 months .	Sing
WUB Morning Vibes ( Wake Up Belize ) is a popular radio / TV show in Belize aired by Krem Television .	Plur
McNaught grew up in Deep River , Ontario and moved to Toronto and Burlington , Ontario before attending McMaster University .	Sing
By 2015 , IVP was nearly insolvent .	Sing
The goldenrod soldier beetle or Pennsylvania leatherwing ( " Chauliognathus pensylvanicus " ) is a species of soldier beetle ( Cantharidae ) .	Sing
The River Böhme flows through Dorfmark and discharges into the Aller between Hodenhagen and Rethem .	Sing
The " Landesstraße " L 163 runs through the village in a north-south direction from Soltau to Bad Fallingbostel and crosses the B 440 within the village .	Sing
General Burki was Ayub Khan 's right-hand man , and was instrumental in Ayub Khan 's rise to power .	Sing
The Copa CONMEBOL ( CONMEBOL Cup ) was an annual football tournament played between 1992 and 1999 .	Sing
The oil billionaire and collector J. Paul Getty bought the sculpture in 1951 .	Sing
In 1968 , Amoco acquired Cudd 's previous company , AviSun Corporation .	Sing
Suh Sung-in ( Hangul : 서성인 ; born July 18 , 1959 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a former boxer from South Korea .	Sing
In 1984 , Suh became the IBF Super Bantamweight champion by beating Bobby Berna via a tenth-round TKO .	Sing
Baynes speaks in a precocious manner and provokes Holmes to find the truth of the disappearance of two pupils , Garcia and Henderson .	Plur
Bradstreet originally served in Scotland Yard 's E Division which associates him with the Bow Street Runners , a forerunner of Scotland Yard .	Sing
Gregson first appears in " A Study in Scarlet " and is a polar opposite of another Yarder Doyle created , Inspector Lestrade .	Sing
Lestrade and Gregson are such visual opposites , it indicates the barrier Doyle drew between them to emphasise their professional animosity .	Sing
Of all the Yarders , Gregson comes the closest to meeting Sherlock Holmes on intellectual grounds , while acknowledging Holmes 's abilities .	Sing
In the first episode of Season Two of Elementary , a " DCI Hopkins " calls Holmes to London from New York .	Sing
Langdale Pike is a celebrated gossipmonger whose columns are published in numerous magazines and newspapers ( referred to as the " garbage papers " by Watson ) .	Sing
Enola Holmes is the younger sister and youngest sibling of Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes .	Sing
Enola is a very independent and rebellious girl who likes to wear trousers while riding her bike .	Sing
Mechanic pioneered the concept of direct sales to mass merchants , which has become an important part of the home entertainment business today .	Sing
Mechanic had also served as both senior vice president of Walt Disney Home Video and vice president of pay television sales for the Walt Disney Company .	Sing
Mechanic confirmed in an interview that he was leaving , calling it a resignation .	Sing
Bonnard , the original director , fell ill on the first day of shooting , so Leone and the scriptwriters finished the film .	Sing
In the streets , Antonius rolls a drunken soldier and steals his pouch .	Sing
Antonius brings the ring to Glaucus 's friend Marcus , who follows the suspicious soldier to Pompeii 's Temple of Isis .	Sing
Meanwhile , Antonius follows Marcus 's killer to the temple of Isis , discovering that the men in the hooded masks are working under Arbaces 's orders .	Sing
Nydia dies in Antonius 's arms , killed by falling debris .	Sing
Mimmo Palmara was already a genre regular , having appeared in both Hercules films with Reeves .	Sing
Thorp , the aircraft 's designer , would go on to develop the Thorp T-211 with lessons learned from the Little Dipper project .	Sing
Vogel won gold after placing first in both segments .	Sing
In the free skating , six of nine judges placed Vogel first and two voted for Lipinski .	Sing
Cornell Dining sponsored a chicken barbecue on Libe Slope and served beer to the students .	Sing
The Warrumbungle Shire is a local government area in the central western region of New South Wales , Australia .	Sing
The Shire incorporates the towns of Binnaway , Coolah , Coonabarabran , Dunedoo , Baradine and Mendooran .	Sing
The Warrumbungle Shire has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :	Sing
Cr Shinton was also mayor from 2012 to 2016 .	Sing
Blossom is the summer home of the Cleveland Orchestra , which performs its annual Blossom Festival there .	Sing
The amphitheatre has played host to many music festivals , including All That !	Sing
Dykes , plugs and domes are common and mostly made from trachyte .	Plur
The steepness of most orthents causes the flora on them to be sparse shrubs or grassland .	Sing
School bus driver Lonnie Barber was transporting elementary students to their homes and was in sight of the school as it exploded .	Sing
Aid poured in from outside the area .	Sing
Airmen from Barksdale Field , deputy sheriffs , and even Boy Scouts took part in the rescue and recovery .	Sing
Walter Cronkite also found himself in New London on one of his first assignments for UPI .	Sing
A large granite cenotaph on the median of Texas State Highway 42 across from the school site , erected in 1939 , commemorates the disaster .	Sing
Explanations for this are speculative , but most center around residents ' unwillingness to discuss the tragedy .	Plur
Nasmith 's public school guidance counselor encouraged him to enter a high school which featured a 4-year commercial art program .	Sing
" Good Riddance " won most of the major awards , including Best Picture .	Sing
In 1995 , Blizzard released " Warcraft II " , its first number one selling game .	Sing
Gweedore is the anglicisation of the original and official Irish name " Gaoth Dobhair " .	Sing
Therefore , " Gaoth Dobhair " translates as " the aqueous estuary " .	Sing
Gweedore has a population of 4,500 and is divided into three District Electoral Divisions ( E.D.s ) or wards :	Sing
Gweedore is close to Mount Errigal , the tallest mountain in County Donegal , which overshadows the picturesque Dunlewey Lough .	Sing
Hurling was never a popular sport in Gweedore , with the exception of a briefly successful minor team in the late 1990s .	Sing
Gweedore has produced a number of well-known musicians .	Sing
Gweedore has a rich history of theatre and drama productions .	Sing
Their Lordships do not doubt that the decision of the High Court is right and that there is nothing in Chap .	Plur
Dorff served from 1996 through 2015 as composer-in-residence for Symphony in C ( formerly The Haddonfield Symphony ) in Camden , New Jersey ( USA ) .	Sing
Eliza Courtney was a daughter of Charles Grey , 2nd Earl Grey .	Sing
Tribute may also refer to :	Sing
Jurassic Park is a 1990 science fiction novel by Michael Crichton , adapted into a feature film released in 1993 .	Sing
Ellie has a more prominent role in the first film than in the novel .	Sing
Because of alterations to the plot in the film , Ellie does many of the things done by Donald Gennaro in the novel .	Sing
Additionally , in the film , Ellie is both a doctor of paleobotany and in a relationship with Dr. Grant .	Sing
Spielberg did this not only to add tension to the film , but also because he felt that she did not get enough attention in the book .	Sing
Ellie has a minor role in " Jurassic Park III " .	Sing
While initially frightened by many of the dinosaurs , Lex eventually gains maturity and courage and is instrumental in rebooting the park 's systems .	Sing
Dodgson works for the Biosyn Corporation , a company that rivals Hammond 's and has a far spottier scientific reputation .	Sing
In the sequel novel , Dodgson is much more ambitious and takes a team to Isla Sorna in an attempt to collect fertilized dinosaur eggs .	Sing
Gennaro then helps Grant in his attempt to wipe out the remaining " Velociraptors " and their eggs with nerve gas .	Sing
For the film , Spielberg condenses the characters Ed Regis and Donald Gennaro and the negative aspects of the novel 's Hammond into one character .	Sing
Muldoon spends most of the novel riding around the park , drinking whiskey and attempting to restore order .	Sing
In the jungle during an attempt to restore power , Muldoon prepares to shoot a " Velociraptor " in the distance .	Sing
Instead , a second raptor ambushes him from the side while he is focused on the other raptor .	Sing
Muldoon iconically remarks " Clever girl . "	Sing
Instead , his Jeep is seen shaking with both the " Dilophosaurus " and him inside screaming .	Sing
Animator Bob Kurtz developed its animation sequence .	Sing
Levine 's egotism and spontaneous personality prove to be a source of constant irritation to the rest of his colleagues , mainly Malcolm .	Sing
Dodgson hired King as his assistant in the reverse engineering department .	Sing
The " Tyrannosaurus " subsequently kills him .	Sing
Without hesitation , Tembo leaves the island by helicopter .	Sing
A raptor pins him down by stabbing his back with its toe claw .	Sing
The raptors leave Udesky alive in an attempt to draw the others down from the tree .	Plur
The " Spinosaurus " snatches Cooper in its mouth , and the plane hits the animal and crashes through the forest .	Sing
As he tries to crawl through the jungle to escape , the " Spinosaurus " pins him to the ground with its foot , and devours him .	Sing
Zach and Gray idolize Owen after they witness his survival skills and bravery against dangers .	Sing
Zach Mitchell is Claire 's nephew and Gray 's older brother .	Sing
When Gray becomes upset over their parents ' impending divorce , Zach remains unsympathetic , ordering his little brother to grow up .	Sing
Zach becomes a little more amused by the park .	Sing
When it attacks the vehicle , Zach and Gray barely survive and jump off a waterfall to escape .	Sing
Zach repairs an old jeep and drives it back to the resort area , where they reunite with Claire .	Sing
Gray 's hyperactivity and obsession with the park grows as he and Zach arrive there .	Sing
Zach later has them abandon Claire 's assistant Zara to explore the park on their own .	Sing
Lowery is the park 's tech-savvy operations overseer and serves as the film 's comic relief .	Sing
Lowery opposes the idea of genetically modified dinosaurs , believing it goes too far and that the regular dinosaurs from Jurassic Park will always be better .	Sing
Hamada is commander of the Asset Containment Unit ( ACU ) , a security team for Jurassic World .	Sing
The ACU discharges their weapons , causing the " Indominus " to drop Hamada .	Sing
Hamada is the first ACU team member to be killed by the " Indominus " .	Sing
Zara is a British national and Claire Dearing 's personal assistant .	Sing
Maisie has a passion for dinosaurs and likes to imitate them for leisure .	Sing
Maisie is curious of her deceased mother .	Sing
Later in the film , Maisie finds a video file of Owen training his " Velociraptors " , including Blue .	Sing
Later , on the mainland , Owen and Claire pose as truck drivers and learn the dinosaurs are being transported to Lockwood 's estate .	Sing
Crookwell is a small town located in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia , in the Upper Lachlan Shire .	Sing
At the , Crookwell had a population of 2,641 .	Sing
Crookwell is easily accessible to the state capital of Sydney and also the federal capital of Canberra .	Sing
Crookwell has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :	Sing
Crookwell is the seat of the Upper Lachlan Shire Council local government area ( LGA ) of New South Wales , Australia , formed in 2004 .	Sing
Crookwell has a small unpaved airstrip approximately 5 km south of the town .	Sing
Deals with major supermarket chains including Kroger have brought Graeter 's Ice Cream to more than 6,200 grocery store chains nationwide as well .	Plur
Among its confections was the opera cream , a variety of cream filled chocolate candy popular in Cincinnati .	Plur
ARM licenses the processor to various semiconductor companies , which design full chips based on the ARM processor architecture .	Sing
ARM offers a variety of licensing terms , varying in cost and deliverables .	Sing
Cimino did a year and a half of research on the project .	Sing
At first , Rourke did not take his physical training seriously , so Cimino hired a Hells Angel to be Rourke 's instructor .	Sing
Cimino actually had to convince the Bronx-born Kubrick that the film 's exteriors were shot on the DEG backlot , and not on location .	Sing
Cimino said he often liked to shoot in different cities , with interiors in one city and exteriors in another .	Sing
Unlike " Heaven 's Gate " , Cimino was able to bring the film in on time and on budget .	Sing
Cimino feels that either the studio or the producers thought the original line was politically incorrect .	Sing
3rd ( in 1985 ) - " Cahiers du cinéma "	Plur
Director Cimino responded to the controversy in an interview in " Jeune cinéma " :	Sing
Prior to this time , the evolution of car washing was just at the beginning , and that the automatic car washing was born .	Sing
The first semi-automatic car wash was active for the first time in Detroit , Michigan using automatic pulley systems and manual brushing .	Sing
Some self-service car washes offer hand-held dryers , a somewhat new feature .	Plur
The first conveyorized automatic car washes appeared in the late 1930s .	Plur
After pulling up to the tunnel entrance , an attendant usually guides the customer onto the conveyor .	Sing
Chemical dilution and application works in combination with removal systems based on either high pressure water , friction , or a combination of both .	Sing
Sill brushes rely on the rotation of a customer 's car 's wheels in order to achieve complete wheel contact .	Sing
While following a car 's wheel , a wheel blaster directs high-pressure water at the wheel .	Sing
Front grill brushes clean the front , and in many cases , the sides of vehicles .	Sing
Closed cell foam brushes can , in fact , provide a gentle polishing effect that will shine the vehicle 's surface during a wash .	Sing
A low-end wax or clear coat protectant follows the main protectant .	Sing
Below the dryers or textile drying elements are often tire shine applicators ( also referred to as tire shiners ) .	Plur
Many car washes already use water reclamation systems to significantly reduce water usage and a variety of energy usage reduction technologies .	Plur
Contamination of surface waters may arise from the rinse discharging to storm drains , which eventually drain to rivers and lakes .	Sing
Esperanto has a mood called " volitive " which is really a generic deontic mood , expressing commands as well as will , desire , and purpose .	Sing
In the Latin language , the present subjunctive can convey jussive meaning in the third person ( jussive subjunctive or " coniunctivus iussivus " ) :	Sing
Volitive modality ( abbreviated ) is a linguistic modality that indicates the desires , wishes or fears of the speaker .	Sing
The Persian Sibyl - also known as the Babylonian , Hebrew or Egyptian Sibyl - was the prophetic priestess presiding over the Apollonian oracle .	Sing
The Persian Sibyl has had at least three names : Sambethe , Helrea and Sabbe .	Sing
In adults , overdose usually leads to CNS depression , ranging from drowsiness to coma .	Plur
Ens established a store in 1918 .	Sing
Fassel credits a brief correspondence with Raucher in college , during which Raucher encouraged him to become a writer , as inspiring him to pursue fiction writing .	Sing
Fassel wrote a biographical article of Raucher for the website Cinedump.com .	Sing
For example , " The butler could have been the killer . "	Sing
The Cimmerian Sibyl , by name Carmentis , was the prophetic priestess presiding over the Apollonian Oracle at Cimmerium in Italy , near Lake Avernus ( i.e .	Sing
This sibyl may have been a doublet for the Cumaean since the designation Cimmerian refers to priestesses who lived underground near Lake Avernus .	Sing
The Sibyl 's son Evander founded in Rome the shrine of Pan which is called the Lupercal .	Sing
" Phèdre " was the climax of her triumphs .	Sing
Desires are what we want to be the case ; hope generally implies optimism toward the chances of a desire 's fulfillment .	Plur
The inferential is usually impossible to distinguish when translated into English .	Sing
The circulation desk lies in the rotunda between the two halls .	Sing
The Quadrangle 's perimeter was at one time open to vehicles , but was closed off in the 1990s , becoming a pedestrian-only park .	Sing
Tashiro made his debut as a member of the group in 1980 and they came to be widely known for adopting rhythm and blues style .	Sing
Tashiro stated that the pressure of stardom contributed to his addiction to drugs .	Sing
In an episode of a comedic duo , host Hikari Ota accidentally said his full name .	Sing
Tashiro said he bought cocaine from a DJ .	Sing
Tashiro once hosted a combative sport program , Fuji Television 's " SRS " , with actress Norika Fujiwara .	Sing
A given constituent of an expression can normally take only one value from a particular category .	Sing
The Mauser MG 213 was a 20 mm aircraft-mounted revolver cannon developed for the " Luftwaffe " during World War II .	Sing
Hovey responded by running for Congress against Democrat William E. Niblack as an Independent , but was defeated by a large margin .	Plur
Hovey then joined the Republican Party , along with many of the other expelled Democrats .	Sing
Hovey briefly commanded the District of Eastern Arkansas during the Fall of 1862 but returned to brigade command in the Army of the Tennessee in 1863 .	Sing
To accomplish the task , Hovey raised a division of ten-thousand troops , but would only accept unmarried men .	Plur
After the war ended , Hovey brevetted as a major general before resigning from the army .	Plur
Hovey spent a good deal of his time trying to determine who was running the country on any given day .	Plur
At age sixty-eight , Hovey became the oldest man ever elected governor , up until that time .	Plur
Hovey attempted to reclaim some of the power taken by the legislature by taking many of their recent laws to the courts .	Plur
Hovey had campaigned on dealing with the White Cap groups operating in southern Indiana .	Plur
In 1891 , Hovey fell ill and died on November 23 , 1891 and was succeeded by his Lieutenant Governor Ira Joy Chase .	Plur
Earle Harry Hagen ( July 9 , 1919 – May 26 , 2008 ) was an American composer who created music for movies and television .	Sing
Oskar Negt ( ; born 1 August 1934 in Kapkeim , East Prussia ) is a philosopher and social theorist in the tradition of critical theory .	Sing
Euripides mentions the Libyan Sibyl in the prologue of the " Lamia " .	Sing
Serapion , in his epic verses , says that the Sibyl , even when dead ceased not from divination .	Sing
Maximo or Máximo may refer to :	Sing
Toumani Diabaté ( born August 10 , 1965 ) is a Malian kora player .	Sing
Diabaté comes from a long family tradition of kora players including his father Sidiki Diabaté , who recorded the first ever kora album in 1970 .	Sing
His younger brother Mamadou Sidiki Diabaté is also a prominent kora player .	Sing
In addition to performing Malian traditional music , Diabaté has also performed and recorded in cross-cultural settings .	Sing
Diabaté appeared in 2006 at the WOMAD Festival UK , Roskilde Festival in Denmark , and at the Sziget Festival in Budapest , Hungary .	Sing
In early 2008 , Diabaté released his new album of solo Kora music , " The Mandé Variations " , to widespread critical acclaim .	Sing
Diabaté also performed at Hay Festival in June .	Sing
Chaloner was the intimate of most of the learned men of his day , and with Lord Burghley he had a lifelong friendship .	Sing
Cummins had supporting roles in " Salute John Citizen " ( 1942 ) and " Old Mother Riley Detective " ( 1943 ) .	Plur
At the screening , Cummins viewed the film with an audience for the first time in six decades .	Plur
Cummins was a trustee of the charity which is run entirely by volunteers and raises funds for communication and mobility aids for people with cerebral palsy .	Sing
Cummins died on 29 December 2017 , aged 92 , in London , England , following a stroke .	Plur
As with many linguistic tasks , there is a tradeoff between precision and recall .	Sing
Single Swing ( also called single-time swing ) is a fast dance rhythm in the larger swing family of dances .	Sing
Swing bounces a little on soft knees and dances mostly in place on the dance floor .	Sing
Paolo , Vito 's older brother , swears revenge , but Ciccio 's men kill him too .	Plur
Ciccio then sends his men to fetch the boy , Vito .	Sing
Ciccio refuses , reasoning the boy will seek revenge as a grown man .	Sing
Vito carves open the elderly Don 's stomach , thus avenging his family .	Plur
Genco Abbandando is his " consigliere " , and Clemenza and Tessio are " caporegimes " .	Sing
Fredo , who had been accompanying Vito , fumbles with his gun and is unable to return fire as the assassins escape .	Sing
Pragmatics quickly rejects the middle-voice meaning for the intended mediopassive-voice meaning , translated above as " got angry , " because the mediopassive voice is rarely used .	Plur
Modern Armenian has retained some of these active / mediopassive pairs , but the distinction between the two voices is no longer productive .	Sing
Challoner was the author over the years of numerous controversial and devotional works , which have been frequently reprinted and translated into various languages .	Sing
His flock included the old Catholic nobility families in the countryside and recently arrived indigent Irish workers .	Sing
Challoner devoted much energy and time to revising the English Catholic Bible .	Sing
The aged Challoner never fully recovered from the shock of the riots .	Sing
Fredo ( Frederico ) Corleone is a fictional character in Mario Puzo 's novel " The Godfather " .	Sing
Corleone family " consigliere " Tom Hagen ( Robert Duvall ) is his informally adopted brother .	Sing
Being weaker and less intelligent than his brothers , Fredo has little power or status within the Corleone crime family .	Sing
The infant Fredo had pneumonia .	Sing
Fredo , terrified , drops his gun , failing to return fire .	Sing
By the beginning of " The Godfather Part II " , Fredo has become Michael 's underboss , though he has nominal power .	Sing
During a large family gathering , Fredo is unable to control his intoxicated wife , Deanna Dunn ( Marianna Hill ) .	Sing
Fredo later betrays Michael after being approached by Johnny Ola ( Dominic Chianese ) , an associate of rival gangster Hyman Roth ( Lee Strasberg ) .	Sing
Frightened , Fredo runs away into the crowd .	Sing
Fredo says that , if he helped Roth , " there was something in it for me , on my own " .	Sing
When pressed by Michael , Fredo reveals that the Senate commission 's lawyer is on Roth 's payroll .	Sing
Fredo makes a final appearance in the movie 's penultimate scene , a flashback to December 1941 .	Sing
Fredo appears only once in the third film , in a flashback depicting his death through archive footage .	Sing
At Colma during the funeral for Don Molinari of San Francisco , Fredo gets the idea of setting up a necropolis in New Jersey .	Sing
Fredo proposes his plan to Michael , wanting to impress and convince him and others of his abilities .	Sing
Fredo arrives at the Corleone Christmas party with Deanna Dunn , a fading movie starlet .	Sing
Fredo supplies them with information about the Corleone family , particularly financial interests .	Sing
Santino " Sonny " Corleone is a fictional character in Mario Puzo 's 1969 novel " The Godfather " and its 1972 film adaptation .	Sing
On Michael 's orders , Clemenza strangles Carlo with a wire .	Sing
Next , former Colonel-General Erich Hoepner , dressed in a cardigan , faced Freisler , who addressed him as " " Schweinehund " " .	Sing
Pizarro decided to send a friar , Vincente de Valverde , along with an interpreter ( Felipillo ) to speak with Atahualpa .	Sing
Atahualpa then demanded a full account of the presence of the Spaniards in his land .	Sing
Atahualpa also offered to twice fill a smaller room with silver , asking for two months to do so .	Sing
The Inca now demanded to be set free .	Sing
Pizarro finally conceded to a trial , acting as a judge alongside Almagro .	Sing
Atahualpa turned to Pizarro and exclaimed , " What have I done , or my children , that I should meet such a fate ?	Sing
The Inca agreed , assuming the name Francisco Atahualpa in honor of Francisco Pizarro .	Sing
On an eminence overlooking the town is a feudal castle with massive towers and a deep trench .	Sing
In the " comune " are the ruins of the ancient city of Thurii , a former bishopric which remains a Latin titular see as Thurio .	Sing
A macaroni ( or formerly maccaroni ) in mid-18th-century England was a fashionable fellow who dressed and even spoke in an outlandishly affected and epicene manner .	Sing
Guangdong Romanization refers to the four romanization schemes published by the Guangdong Provincial Education Department in 1960 for transliterating Cantonese , Teochew , Hakka , and Hainanese .	Sing
Guangdong romanization makes use of diacritics to represent certain vowels .	Sing
The " u " medial can occur without an initial , but in that case it is considered the same as the initial " w " .	Sing
Spiral Knights is an action adventure world where players cooperate to defeat the denizens of The Clockworks , a mysterious ever-changing maze .	Sing
Puzzle Pirates , Spiral Knights and other Three Rings games remain operational under the banner of Grey Havens .	Sing
Believing Zasa will make another attempt on Michael 's life , Vincent murders Zasa ( with approval from Connie and Corleone assassin Al Neri ) .	Sing
But Sonny 's temper clouded his judgment , and Michael doesn 't want Vincent to repeat his father 's mistake .	Sing
That same night , Altobello 's assassin Mosca accidentally kills Mary during an attempt on Michael 's life .	Sing
In 2005 Barbara Smoker received the Distinguished Humanist Service Award from the International Humanist and Ethical Union .	Sing
After her brother 's debut concert , the assassin Mosca tries to kill Michael .	Sing
Marley roams restlessly , witnessing the hardships others suffer and lamenting that he has forever lost his chance to help them .	Plur
In " A Christmas Carol " , Marley is the first character mentioned in the first line of the story .	Sing
There 's more gravy than grave about you , whatever you are ! "	Sing
Gaylord Larsen ( born January 4 , 1932 ) is an American crime writer .	Sing
A consultant , Reid has been active with the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada since 1975 .	Sing
North Battleford is the location of the Southland operation in Saskatchewan providing school bus services to local school boards , and industrial and contract charters .	Sing
" Raja Hindustani " was the thirty-sixth most commercially successful Hindi film of the 1990s .	Sing
Distraught , Aarti goes to see Raja and begs him to let her have their child back .	Sing
" Raja Hindustani " earned 871.5million worldwide , including a domestic gross of 738.4million .	Sing
Its domestic nett was 431.5million , which adjusted inflation is equivalent to 3.94billion .	Sing
Adjusted for inflation , " Raja Hindustani " is the fourth highest-grossing film in India since the 1990s .	Sing
" Planet Bollywood " ranks the film 's soundtrack at 56 in its all-time top 100 greatest Bollywood soundtracks .	Sing
Udit Narayan won his 3rd Film Fare Best Playback Singer for this song .	Sing
Alka Yagnik considers " Poochho Zara Poocho " as one of the best songs she ever rendered .	Sing
The pneumatics automatically re-cocked the marker after each shot , and in 1989 the Autococker was born .	Plur
In open-bolt markers , the breech is open during the firing phase , since the bolt is in a " back " position .	Sing
Buckeye is a farming and ranching unincorporated community in north central Larimer County , Colorado , United States .	Sing
Soil conversation and erosion control were of primary importance for the in the Buckeye and Boxelder drainage projects .	Sing
In 1917 Ida and Clarence Munroe purchased the land from the Greenacres , which in 1914 was approximately .	Sing
The Conservation easements protect numerous archeological sites and natural resources from development .	Plur
Hana Vave is the name of the northernmost bay on the west coast of Fatu Hiva .	Sing
Hana Vave is also the name of a small village located at the head of the bay , which in 2002 , had a population of 337 .	Sing
His last at-bat in Clemson 's Doug Kingsmore Stadium was , fittingly , a home run .	Sing
Chilly Willy is a funny animal cartoon character , a diminutive anthropomorphic penguin living in Alaska , but lives in Antarctica in the New Woody Woodpecker Show .	Sing
However , Chilly never referred to Smedley by name .	Sing
Maxie has appeared with Chilly more than Gooney has .	Sing
Chilly was mute in most of his 1950s cartoons and early 1960s cartoons , although he was voiced by Sara Berner in the initial entry .	Sing
Chilly Willy is a supporting character in the 2018 " Woody Woodpecker " webseries .	Sing
The Slow Wonder is the debut solo album by A. C. Newman , who is better known as the frontman of The New Pornographers and Zumpano .	Sing
The Enterprise Continuum consists of both the Architecture Continuum and the Solutions Continuum .	Sing
The Solutions Continuum describes the implementation of the Architecture Continuum by defining reusable solutions .	Sing
I-85 is a major traffic corridor from the northeastern suburbs of Atlanta in the Gwinnett County area into downtown Atlanta .	Sing
The rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré is a street located in the 8th arrondissement of Paris , France .	Sing
" Saint Honoré " , Honorius of Amiens , is the French patron saint of bakers .	Sing
The rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré is :	Sing
Irving McNeil Ives ( January 24 , 1896 – February 24 , 1962 ) was an American politician .	Plur
Ives attended Hamilton College for two years before enlisting in the U.S. Army following the entry of the United States into World War I in 1917 .	Plur
Ives worked as a bank clerk for Guaranty Trust Company in New York City from 1920 to 1923 , earning $ 25 per week .	Plur
Ives was Minority Leader in 1935 and Speaker in 1936 .	Sing
Ives stepped aside in favor of Oswald D. Heck , who subsequently named Ives Majority Leader .	Plur
Ives was the first Republican to represent New York in the Senate since James W. Wadsworth , Jr . , who was defeated for reelection in 1926 .	Plur
In 1954 , Ives unsuccessfully ran to succeed Dewey as governor of New York .	Plur
Ives was a delegate to the 1956 Republican National Convention in San Francisco , California .	Sing
In 1958 , Ives declined to seek a third term in the Senate .	Plur
The CIO granted UE the first charter on November 16 , 1938 .	Sing
The CIO itself was a prime target of the Republican red-baiters .	Sing
GE fired John Nelson , president of UE 's large Local 506 in Erie , Pennsylvania , on just such grounds .	Sing
James Carey 's arrogance eventually caught up with him within the IUE as it had in UE .	Sing
In November 2007 the Mexican NAO launched an investigation into those charges .	Sing
Assistance and publicity coincided with the Occupy movement in Chicago , members of which came to the plant .	Sing
Juicy Couture is a casualwear and dress clothing brand based in Arleta , Los Angeles , California .	Sing
Later , in 2004 , the velour tracksuit once again became very popular among celebrities such as Jennifer Lopez , Britney Spears , and Paris Hilton .	Sing
Juicy Couture then became a brand known around the world for the image of being the outfit of the " new money " .	Sing
Juicy Couture was a limited brand being available at few locations until the late 2000s .	Sing
In September 2014 Juicy Couture began being sold in Kohl 's in the United States .	Sing
Chronic hypertension with progressive kidney disease progresses over a long period of time .	Sing
In the case of glomerular damage occurring in HN , hematuria can occur as well .	Sing
Dahle went on to work with The New Pornographers .	Sing
Braxton began her career in 1990 as a founding member of The Braxtons , an R & B singing group formed with her sisters .	Sing
Braxton reunited with her sisters for the WE TV reality series " Braxton Family Values " ( 2011 – present ) .	Sing
Following a thirteen-year break , Braxton released her second studio album , " Love and War " ( 2013 ) , through Epic Records .	Sing
Braxton served as a co-host of the Fox Broadcasting Company 's talk show , " The Real " , from 2013 until 2016 .	Sing
In 2017 , Braxton signed a multi-series deal with Steve Harvey 's television studio , East 112th Street Productions .	Sing
Braxton is also set to star in the upcoming film " Gangland " ( 2019 ) , directed by Jean-Claude La Marre .	Sing
Braxton has won four awards from 15 nominations , including one BET Award and three Soul Train Music Awards .	Sing
Braxton and her fellow The Braxtons members served as the opening act for Toni Braxton on the European Leg of her Secrets Tour in 1997 .	Sing
In 2008 , Braxton married Vincent Herbert .	Sing
In November 2011 , Braxton performed " Love Overboard " at the 2011 Soul Train Awards for Lifetime Achievement recipient Gladys Knight .	Sing
" Basketball Wives " star Tami Roman became a co-host after Braxton .	Sing
Former Destiny 's Child member LeToya Luckett became the host after her .	Sing
On November 11 , Braxton revealed that she would have to withdraw from the competition due to health problems .	Sing
Braxton and Chmerkovskiy finished in fifth place overall .	Sing
On June 2 , 2016 , Braxton confirmed that she was fired on " The Steve Harvey Morning Show " .	Sing
On April 27 , 2017 , Braxton released " My Man " from her fifth album " Bluebird of Happiness " .	Sing
On October 5 , 2018 , Braxton co-starring in the stage play " Redemption Of A Dogg " with Snoop Dogg .	Sing
Braxton possesses a four-octave soprano vocal range .	Sing
Braxton gave birth to a baby boy named Logan Vincent Herbert on June 6 , 2013 .	Sing
On an episode of " The Real " , Braxton revealed that she suffered from vitiligo .	Sing
On November 10 , 2015 , Braxton discovered that she had several pulmonary embolisms in her lungs .	Sing
Braxton launched a ready-to-wear clothing and shoe line , Tamar Collection , in November 2014 .	Sing
Around the time Treisman was working toward her DPhil , psychology was shifting from the traditional behaviorist view to that of an active processor of information .	Sing
Reality pornography is a genre of pornography where staged scenes , usually shot in cinéma vérité fashion , set up and precede sexual encounters .	Sing
Giroux wanted a 500-page novel that could retail for the then-standard $ 3.50 per copy .	Sing
The English publisher Eyre and Spottiswoode bought the UK rights of the book and prepared their own edition for 1950 .	Sing
Kerouac decided to use the name " John Kerouac " for the book .	Sing
( Subsequent paperback and hardback editions have used the name " Jack Kerouac " in lieu of John . )	Sing
Kerouac dedicated the book To Robert Giroux , " Friend and Editor " .	Sing
Giroux told Kerouac that movie producer David O. Selznick was interested in buying the rights to the book .	Sing
Kerouac often based his fictional characters on friends and family .	Sing
The Binary Café was an internet cafe which operated on Yonge Street in Toronto , Ontario from approximately June 1994 through December 1994 .	Sing
Acute tubular necrosis ( ATN ) is a medical condition involving the death of tubular epithelial cells that form the renal tubules of the kidneys .	Sing
Thus , ischemic ATN specifically causes " skip lesions " through the tubules .	Sing
During the Napoleonic time Eichsfeld was part of the Kingdom of Westphalia , which was dissolved after the victory over Napoleon at the Battle of Leipzig .	Sing
One day , Akuma stormed Goukens dojo and killed him , leaving Ryu and Ken with the duty to avenge their masters death .	Sing
Gouken 's mid-game cutscene show him confront Ryu , much to Ryu 's disbelief , for a friendly master versus student spar in which Gouken is victorious .	Sing
In addition , the manga also established that Gouken forbade Ryu and Ken the use of the " Shōryūken " .	Sing
Akuma challenges Gouken to a mortal battle and Gouken is defeated .	Sing
Cam Shea of IGN AU held similar praise , adding " He just exudes power . "	Sing
Fourth was McLaren 's Juan Pablo Montoya , after starting from 11th on the grid .	Sing
Kayo Dot is Driver 's main band , which began in 2003 and remains currently active .	Sing
MWD was what made controlled directional horizontal drilling possible .	Sing
Instead , GE informed him that its shares in the company had been sold to Smith International , a competitor to some of Gearhart 's divisions .	Sing
The misdiagnosis of pain is the most important issue taken up by Travell and Simons .	Sing
Kayo Dot is an American avant-garde music group .	Sing
John Zorn 's famous avant-garde label Tzadik signed the act in 2003 , and " Choirs of the Eye " was released in late 2003 .	Sing
Kayo Dot played the album in its entirety in 2010 at The Stone in New York City and again in August 2015 .	Sing
Kayo Dot then signed to Robotic Empire Records and released its second album , " Dowsing Anemone with Copper Tongue " in January 2006 .	Sing
Massi went solo under the moniker Baliset and embarked on a tour shortly afterward .	Sing
In late 2006 , Kayo Dot left Robotic Empire and signed with Hydra Head Records .	Sing
After signing to Hydra Head , Kayo Dot began working on their third album , " Blue Lambency Downward " , which was released in May 2008 .	Sing
Immediately after " Coyote " , Kayo Dot released an EP entitled " Stained Glass " in November , 2010 .	Sing
Sputnik noted that " Hubardo " " recalls the black metal chamber music of Choirs of the Eye . "	Sing
Violinist Matsumiya 's Instagram screenshots documenting the online abuse she has received were the subject of an October 2015 BBC video .	Plur
Veer Teja or Tejaji was a legendary Rajasthani warrior , social reformer and folk deity .	Sing
His aura at the birth was so strong that he was named Teja .	Sing
Khaja Kala became so ferocious that he attacked Tahar Dev to kill him .	Sing
In order to protect himself and his family , Tahar Dev had to kill Khaju Kala with sword .	Sing
His sister-in-law became late in bringing him his food ( a dish locally called Chhak ) , which angered Tejaji .	Sing
Veer Teja was man of words .	Sing
In a 2014 interview with Bearded Gentlemen Music , her former Kayo Dot bandmember Toby Driver alluded to stalkers that she faced .	Sing
Historian Hans P. Vought argues that Davis lamented the influx of cheap labor from Southern and Eastern Europe .	Sing
Killen claimed that Menzies had phoned him , saying " Killen , you are magnificent !	Sing
Killen was a prominent monarchist and was elected to the Constitutional Convention in 1998 as an opponent of an Australian republic .	Sing
In many US elections , a voter may well be intensely interested in ( e.g. )	Sing
As a defense contractor , U.S. Radium was a major supplier of radioluminescent watches to the military .	Sing
U.S. Radium had distributed literature to the medical community describing the " injurious effects " of radium .	Sing
Plant worker Grace Fryer decided to sue , but it took two years for her to find a lawyer willing to take on U.S. Radium .	Sing
In the spring of 1938 , the IIC ruled in favor of the women .	Plur
or Vincent de Valle Viridi was a Spanish Dominican friar , who was involved in the Conquest of the Americas , later becoming the Bishop of Cuzco .	Sing
Valverde accompanied Pizarro as a missionary on his intended voyage of the conquest of Peru according to the 1529 agreement .	Sing
Pizarro also gave him a large native commandery , whom Valverde allegedly mistreated by simply using them as slaves .	Sing
Valverde headed back to Spain later that year to assist Pizarro 's brother , Hernando Pizarro , in his negotiations at court .	Sing
Communism and Capitalism are for Michel Henry two faces of the one death , which consists in the negation of life .	Sing
Communism eliminates individual life in favour of universal abstractions like society , people , history or social classes .	Sing
The dogmatism of Marxism is a form of fascism , i.e .	Sing
Capitalism however recognizes life as a source of value , wages being the objective representation of real subjective and living work .	Sing
The commandment of love is not an ethical law , but Life itself .	Sing
The spikelets are 5 – 9 mm long , typically containing two to five flowers .	Plur
" hispanica " are tetraploid forms with 28 chromosomes .	Sing
There is no defence roll , but damage is reduced by a set amount by any armor the character is wearing .	Sing
Pip also receives ten new firefingers ( different from the firefingers on the previous book ) and two new fireballs .	Sing
The CAP first became operational in 1976 .	Sing
A Concorde landed in 1999 for that year 's airshow .	Sing
In 1982 , De Vita formed the group Icaro , which released one self-titled album in his homeland .	Sing
The album spun off three Spanish-language hits : " Somos Tres " , " No Hay Cielo " , and " Un Buen Perdedor " .	Sing
Seeking wider international exposure , De Vita moved to the CBS Records label for the 1988 album " Al Norte del Sur " .	Sing
In 2012 , De Vita appeared on Tony Bennett 's album " Viva Duets " .	Sing
& dear old Henslow defended me in grand style , saying that my investigations were perfectly legitimate . "	Sing
The most famous confrontation took place at a meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science in Oxford on Saturday 30 June 1860 .	Sing
Here is a pleasant genealogy for mankind . "	Sing
Lyell began work on a book examining human origins .	Sing
Ramakrishna 's " samādhi " was an ecstasy-filled trance-like state that Indian mystic Ramakrishna used to undergo	Sing
As a young man , Ramakrishna experimented with different forms of religion including Islam and Tantra .	Sing
During both occasions , Ramakrishna went into samadhi and performed the taboo practices in a state of unconsciousness .	Sing
During one of his visits , Ramakrishna asked a devotee to bring a rupee coin .	Sing
Rudra ascribed this behavior to " action on the nerves . "	Sing
Ramakrishna also told Rudra that when a knot was tied in the corner of his cloth , he could not breathe until the knot was untied .	Sing
WIFP is an American nonprofit publishing organization .	Sing
Du Pré , who was no longer able to play due to multiple sclerosis , taught Wurman for two years .	Sing
The Electronic Colloquium on Computational Complexity ( ECCC ) is an electronic archive of research papers in computational complexity theory , a branch of computer science .	Sing
Any panelist may accept or reject any of the submissions ; if no decision is made within two months , the submission is automatically rejected .	Sing
In the north , the Issaouane Erg ends at the Tinrhert Plateau and in the south at the Fadnoun Plateau .	Sing
The oilfield has been in production since late 1998 .	Sing
Winton Brian Pickering ( born 8 December 1962 ) is a Cook Islands politician and member of the Cook Islands Parliament , representing the seat of Oneroa .	Sing
Cyrille Mangan ( born 13 September 1976 ) is a retired Cameroonian footballer who played as a midfielder .	Sing
Tulsa automatically qualified for the Liberty Bowl after defeating Central Florida in the Conference USA Football Championship .	Sing
Fresno 's invite came on November 23 , 2005 , just days after it lost to then- # 1 USC 50-42 and ranked # 16 .	Sing
Tulsa was unable to capitalize on the stop and punted the ball away .	Sing
Tulsa came right back after Fresno State 's score , moving the ball 74 yards in 3 : 20 .	Sing
Tulsa scored again at 8 : 15 on a 64-yard run by Tarrion Adams , which tied his season high against Memphis and put Tulsa up 14-7 .	Sing
Fresno State kicker Zimmerman missed a 26-yard field goal .	Sing
Tulsa QB Smith completed a 25-yard pass to Davis deep inside Fresno State territory , but Davis fumbled the ball .	Sing
After two inconclusive drives Tulsa scored on a 54-yard touchdown pass from Smith to Davis , tying the game at 24 .	Sing
Taking possession , Tulsa was able to run out the clock , winning 31-24 .	Sing
Feldman is the founder and owner of ARTĚL , a luxury crystal glassware company based in Prague , Czech Republic .	Sing
Feldman opened a second ARTĚL Design Store , located at U Lužického semináře 7 in Prague 's Mala Strana neighborhood , in 2010 .	Sing
A Richmond Bulldogs player in the Auckland Rugby League competition , Goulding won the " Bert Humphries Memorial Medal " in 1985 for the most improved forward .	Sing
His grandnephew Cui Yuan later served as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Zhaozong and Emperor Ai , near the end of Tang Dynasty .	Sing
Fawn Yacker is an American filmmaker , producer and cinematographer .	Sing
Fawn Yacker is a founding member of The Nuclear Beauty Parlor .	Sing
Two Song Wedding is the fourth album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kate Maki , released January 12 , 2010 .	Sing
" Friedland " was out of Dunkirk and armed with 14 guns .	Sing
" Abeille " suffered seven dead and 15 wounded .	Sing
The court martial of the survivors on 30 May 1814 attributed the loss to the lack of leadership .	Sing
Messing is the managing director of Pele 's player representation agency Global Sport Group LLC .	Sing
Faina taught History at the University of Genoa when the city was the center of the July 1960 uprising .	Sing
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Stasenko ( ) ( born 15 February 1987 ) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey defenceman .	Sing
These geologic outliers are primarily diminutive and detached remnants of the Triassic / Jurassic age Watchung Mountain basalt flows with intervening layers of sedimentary rock .	Plur
McNeilly was a regular host of WWJ ( AM ) talk-radio 's Eye on Michigan Politics .	Sing
In 2012 , McNeilly led the efforts of the Michigan ballot committee Protecting Michigan Taxpayers which successfully defeated the union initiated proposal 57-42 % .	Sing
In 2010 , McNeilly was the General Consultant for the Michigan Republican Party to then Chairman Ronald Weiser .	Sing
McNeilly was one of AOL-Time Warner ’ s Political Machine bloggers during the 2008 Presidential campaign .	Sing
In 2006 , McNeilly served as campaign manager for Michigan gubernatorial candidate Dick DeVos .	Sing
In 2002 , McNeilly served as communications consultant to Don Carcieri ’ s winning gubernatorial campaign against Myrth York in Rhode Island .	Sing
McNeilly graduated from Michigan State University with a B.S .	Sing
In 2009 , McNeilly served as a consultant to Michigan Republican Party Chairman Ron Weiser .	Sing
In 2012 , McNeilly became the Windquest Group ’ s Chief Operating Officer .	Sing
During the 2004 election cycle , McNeilly admitted to leading the charge to put independent Presidential candidate Ralph Nader on the ballot .	Sing
McNeilly defended the move by claiming it was simply a matter of providing choice to the voters .	Sing
Jonny starts to emerge from the darkness he felt following Roger 's death as he , Jake , and Andrea become friends .	Sing
After some time , Jonny asks Jake for advice on asking Andrea on a date .	Sing
The next day at school , Jonny wants help from Jake on what to do with Andrea after he blew his chance .	Sing
Jonny bumps into Danny , who takes the cell phone Jonny drops .	Sing
Jonny had opened a bottle of prescription pills preparing to overdose on them , but Jake successfully stops the vehicle just before Jonny ends up like Roger .	Sing
Riess has a Bachelor 's degree from Wellesley College .	Sing
Riess is a Religion and American Studies professor at Miami University in Oxford , Ohio .	Sing
Riess is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , having converted as an adult .	Sing
Riess is an expert on religion in literature .	Sing
On October 4 , 2009 , Riess began a project to tweet the bible .	Sing
Riess tweets the bible in order and plans to hit all 1,189 chapters in 140 characters .	Plur
Its setae were small in comparison to most specimens , and its frontal plate was not fully developed , either .	Sing
Magno was a scout with the Cincinnati Reds and later became a minor league bench coach for the Western Baseball League champion Long Beach Breakers in 2001 .	Sing
Collections include painting , sculpture , and photographs , ranging from rare historic pieces to Washingtonia and Americana to modern art .	Plur
In 824 , Emperor Muzong died and was succeeded by his son Emperor Jingzong .	Sing
Leutnant Ernst Hess HOH IC was a World War I flying ace credited with 17 confirmed and four unconfirmed aerial victories .	Sing
Out of the four ballades , the third " Ballade " has the tightest structure .	Sing
The " Ballade " opens with a lengthy introduction marked " dolce " ( sweet ) .	Sing
The figuration in the left hand is chromatic and consists of spans frequently larger than an octave .	Sing
The ballade ends with a reprise of the A leggiero runs and a second right hand arpeggio .	Sing
The fourth " Ballade " is musically more subtle than the other three , as most of its portions remain melancholic and profound .	Sing
Although there are some substantial outbursts in the central sections of the music , the coda reveals its greatest momentum .	Sing
Gerardo Daniel Ruíz Barragán ( born September 5 , 1985 ) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Atlante in Ascenso MX .	Sing
His great-granddaughter , the actress Mary Tyler Moore contributed significantly to its restoration as the Stonewall Jackson 's Headquarters Museum	Sing
Colossus is the fourth and final studio album by the American alternative rock band Walt Mink , released in June 1997 .	Sing
Aric Williams ( born March 21 , 1982 ) is a former American football and arena football defensive back .	Sing
Human cytomegalovirus is one of the vertically transmitted infections that lead to congenital abnormalities .	Sing
Antibody tests cannot be used to diagnose congenital CMV ; a diagnosis can only be made if the virus is detected during the first week of life .	Sing
CMV remains the most important cause of congenital viral infection in the United States .	Sing
Davila is of Mexican American descent .	Sing
When he chose Cincinnati to continue his football career , Davila found himself backing up Dustin Grutza .	Sing
After going undrafted in the 2007 NFL Draft , Davila tried out for the Cleveland Browns , but never made their team .	Sing
Davila lead the Shock to a 15-1 regular season record in 2009 , leading them to a 74-27 rout of the Wilkes-Barre / Scranton Pioneers .	Sing
With the af2 becoming Arena Football 1 in 2010 , Davila left Spokane and signed with the Rattlers .	Sing
Davila led them to five West Division championships , five National Conference championships , and three ArenaBowl championships .	Sing
After high school , Davila attended Chaffey College where he could continue playing football , while showing larger schools that he had recovered from his broken clavicle .	Sing
In his final game , Davila took a hearbreaking loss 14-21 , to the El Camino College Warriors in the Verizon Southern California Bowl .	Sing
After two impressive All-American seasons , Davila signed with the University of Cincinnati to continue his football career .	Sing
Davila committed to Cincinnati on December 15 , 2004 .	Sing
Davila saw the most playing time , of his junior year , against Louisville .	Sing
In 2006 , Davila was once again the backup quarterback behind Grutza , despite the chance to win the starting job throughout the summer and fall practices .	Sing
After seeing some playing time in a few games , Davila got his first start playing against the # 7 ranked , and undefeated , Rutgers team .	Sing
After going undrafted , Davila attended minicamp with the Cleveland Browns but did not sign a contract .	Sing
After sitting out the 2007 season , Davila signed with the Spokane Shock of af2 for their 2008 season .	Sing
Davila and the Rattlers returned to the ArenaBowl and were determined to make sure this trip would have a much different result .	Sing
Davila re-signed with the Rattlers in 2013 , signing a two-year contract .	Sing
During ArenaBowl XXVI , Davila threw 6 touchdown passes , hitting game MVP , Rod Windsor , 10 times ( 50 % of Davila 's completions ) .	Sing
Davila suffered a lower body injury in week 5 against the Los Angeles Kiss and missed the next four games .	Sing
In the game , Davila completed 20 of his 27 passes for 222 yards and seven touchdowns .	Sing
The Rattler lost ArenaBowl XXIX to the Philadelphia Soul by a score of 56-42 .	Sing
Gilliland is an accomplished whistler .	Sing
Kumaoni or Kumauni may refer to :	Sing
Reality Serum is a 2-man band from Long Island , New York .	Sing
Reality Serum consists of rapper / wordsmith Camanche and multi-instrumentalist / vocalist Twizle .	Sing
Neonatal sepsis is the single most common cause of neonatal death in hospital as well as community in developing country .	Sing
CRP is not very accurate in picking up cases .	Sing
The probiotic used in the trial was " Lactobacillus plantarum " .	Sing
A very large meta-analysis investigated the effect of probiotics on preventing late-onset sepsis ( LOS ) in neonates .	Sing
On August 28 , 2014 , Stack participated in the 13th annual Jim " Mudcat " Grant golf tournament in Binghamton , New York .	Sing
Batch chose to play college football at Texas Tech University over offers from Northwestern University , Duke University , and New Mexico State University .	Sing
Batch is from Midland , Texas .	Sing
However , Batch tore his ACL during a training camp practice on August 11 , 2011 and was out for the season .	Sing
Batch finished his collegiate career at Tech as the school 's eighth-ranked all-time leader in rushing with 2,501 yards .	Sing
As a sophomore Batch rushed 113 times for 758 yards and 7 touchdowns .	Sing
In 2011 , Bisson made a short documentary film , Road movie , in a French psychiatric institution .	Sing
In 2012 , Bisson made another short documentary film , Liquidation , in the same institution .	Sing
Carver competes in the Chicago Public League ( CPL ) and is a member of the Illinois High School Association ( IHSA ) .	Plur
Longtime Newport resident , George Peabody Wetmore , played a large role in building a new hospital building in the late nineteenth century .	Sing
Although the discussion is sexually explicit , euphemisms such as ' button ' for clitoris are common .	Plur
Other merchandise such as bath salts , aromatherapy , and body paints are more commonly sold .	Sing
For example , the interference of two pitches can often be heard as a repetitive variation in volume of the tone .	Sing
Sound localization is the process of determining the location of a sound source .	Sing
( where " f " is a specific frequency ) , humans tend to perceive that the pitch is " f " .	Sing
In the world of Asgard , Vidar has exiled himself in order to await the reincarnation of the woman he loved .	Sing
Shōji Kojima ( 小島章司 , born October 1 , 1939 , in Tokushima Prefecture , Japan ) is a Japanese flamenco dancer .	Sing
The DEA recommended granting with a concession period of 35 years for the project .	Sing
The DEA is the first tier of the three-tier clearance process to get viability gap funding ( VGF ) for the project .	Sing
However , Gadkari clarified that the Union Government would accept the final decision made by the State Government on this matter .	Sing
In the same month , Fadnavis announced that the project had received all required clearances .	Sing
JICA formally approved the funding agreement on 9 May 2016 , and the MMRDA began the bidding process the following day .	Sing
IL & FS Engineering filed an appeal against the decision in the Bombay High Court on 18 July .	Sing
JICA and the MMRDA signed the agreement to disburse the first tranche of the loan on 31 March 2017 .	Sing
The first tranche of is about 45 % of the total project cost .	Sing
P. linearis may refer to :	Plur
LaFarge wrote a serialized science fiction story for the magazine under the title " Trip to Mars " .	Sing
Sinéad Cahalan is a camogie player .	Sing
Vithal Rao Aatmaram Shivpurkar also known as Pandit Vithal Rao ( 1929 – 25 June 2015 ) was an Indian classical vocalist .	Sing
Vithal Rao was a court musician of the Last Nizam of Hyderabad .	Sing
Among his notable accompanists include Ustad Sardar Khan ( tabla ) .	Plur
In 1938 , Guinness sold her to the Crete Shipping Co Ltd , London , who sold her to Sark Motorships Ltd later that year .	Sing
" Canterbury " and " Arpha " had the United Kingdom Official Number 112803 " Arpha " used the Code Letters MFCF .	Sing
The pathophysiology of IIMs is not well understood .	Sing
There is a well-developed topsoil with a thickness of more than 1 m through which the subsurface irrigation water can move in and out with relative ease .	Sing
The drilling of wells is subject to license .	Sing
Recently , the licensing has stopped for fear of over-exploitation of the aquifer .	Sing
Its salinity is about a third of that of sea water .	Sing
Pelletier retired from tennis on January 9 , 2013 , after her loss in the first round qualifying at the Australian Open .	Sing
Pelletier is now a tennis analyst for TVA Sports , a sports television network in Quebec .	Sing
Pelletier married former NHL goaltender Pascal Leclaire in July 2014 and gave birth to their daughter Zoé in May 2015 .	Sing
The shōgun answered with a visit to Kyoto in April , but he rejected the demands of the Jōi faction .	Sing
Yevgeniy Fiks is a multidisciplinary , Post-Soviet conceptual artist .	Sing
Corregidor may refer to a number of things .	Sing
The Tropicana tenements consist of 12,500 km of land .	Plur
For his participation , the USAF has awarded him Outstanding Volunteer and Humanitarian medals .	Sing
Daichi ( written : 大地 ) is a masculine Japanese given name .	Sing
Donald Gramm lived for over 25 years , until his death , with his life partner Donald Dervin in New York City .	Sing
Gramm also performed major roles frequently with Sarah Caldwell 's Opera Company of Boston and John Crosby 's Santa Fe Opera .	Sing
Gramm repeated the role 6 more times , giving his final performance at the Met in a matinee broadcast on March 5 , 1983 .	Sing
Gramm died of a heart attack in New York City on June 2 , 1983 .	Sing
Periyar flows through a narrow gorge between two tall hills ( known as Kuravan and Kurathi ) .	Sing
Through his portrayal in Plato 's dialogues , Socrates has become renowned for his contribution to the fields of ethics and epistemology .	Sing
Socrates exerted a strong influence on philosophers in later antiquity and in the modern era .	Sing
Plato and Xenophon 's dialogues provide the main source of information on Socrates 's life and thought .	Plur
For instance , those who prosecuted and convicted Socrates have left no testament .	Plur
As British philosopher Martin Cohen has put it , " Plato , the idealist , offers an idol , a master figure , for philosophy .	Sing
However , in " The Clouds " , Aristophanes portrays Socrates as accepting payment for teaching and running a Sophist school with Chaerephon .	Sing
Socrates married Xanthippe , who is especially remembered for having an undesirable temperament .	Sing
However , Socrates returned home and did not go to Salamis as he was expected to .	Sing
Socrates appears to have been a critic of democracy , and some scholars interpret his trial as an expression of political infighting .	Sing
Claiming loyalty to his city , Socrates clashed with the current course of Athenian politics and society .	Sing
Socrates believed the Oracle 's response was not correct , because he believed he possessed no wisdom whatsoever .	Sing
In this view , the token of appreciation for Asclepius ( the Greek god for curing illness ) would represent a cure for Athens 's ailments .	Plur
The numbness slowly crept up his body until it reached his heart .	Plur
Socrates chose to cover his face during the execution ( 118 a6 Phaedo ) .	Sing
According to " Phaedo " ( 61c – 69e ) , Socrates states that " [ a ] ll of philosophy is training for death " .	Sing
Socrates speaks his last words to Crito ; there are several different translations :	Sing
Socrates also questioned the Sophistic doctrine that arete ( virtue ) can be taught .	Sing
Socrates argued that moral excellence was more a matter of divine bequest than parental nurture .	Sing
Socrates frequently says his ideas are not his own , but his teachers ' .	Sing
Perhaps surprisingly , Socrates claims to have been deeply influenced by two women besides his mother : he says that Diotima ( cf .	Sing
Therefore , Socrates is claiming to know about the art of love , insofar as he knows how to ask questions .	Sing
To judge this , the midwife must have experience and knowledge of what she is judging .	Sing
Socrates stressed that " the unexamined life is not worth living [ and ] ethical virtue is the only thing that matters . "	Sing
However , Plato 's later works appear to be more his own philosophy put into the mouth of his mentor .	Sing
Plato 's " Phaedo " is an example of this latter category .	Sing
The " Apology " professes to be a record of the actual speech Socrates delivered in his own defense at the trial .	Sing
Some of Athens ' controversial and anti-democratic tyrants were contemporary or posthumous students of Socrates including Alcibiades and Critias .	Plur
Saki ( written : 咲 ) is a feminine Japanese given name .	Sing
Broner grew up in Cincinnati , Ohio , and started boxing at the age of six .	Sing
Broner turned professional on May 31 , 2008 , and scored three consecutive first-round knockouts against Allante Davis , David Warren Huffman and Ramon Flores .	Sing
Broner defeated Jett with a stoppage in the sixth round .	Sing
Broner returned to the ring in March scoring a unanimous decision over Eric Ricker .	Sing
Three weeks later Broner stopped Angel Rodriguez in the fourth round .	Sing
Broner defeated Henry White Jr via KO in September and finished his busy year against Tommy Atencio .	Sing
Broner stopped Atencio in the first round , for the sixth time in thirteen fights .	Sing
Broner then had a fourth round stoppage victory over Roberto Acevedo .	Sing
Broner fought 4 more times in 2010 against Rafael Lora , Carlos Claudio , Guillermo Sanchez , and Ilido Julio , stopping all of them .	Sing
Broner took his first major step up in weight when he competed against former Super Bantamweight champion Daniel Ponce de León on March 5 , 2011 .	Sing
In what was truly a very closely contested fight , Broner came away with a controversial unanimous decision victory .	Sing
Broner got off to a slow start , having trouble penetrating De Leon 's high guard .	Sing
Broner came on strong in the fourth , hurting De Leon with a body shot .	Sing
Broner slowed down in the middle and later rounds , though landed the cleaner shots , while De Leon proved to be the busier fighter .	Sing
Broner controlled the pace and action from start to finish , beating Perez to the punch and walking him down with ease .	Sing
Broner started the fight off boxing DeMarco , working behind his jab and using his shoulder roll defense to frustrate DeMarco .	Sing
In the early rounds , Broner was able to hit DeMarco with his quick counter left hook several times .	Sing
CompuBox had Broner landing 241 of his 451 total punches .	Sing
Broner was set to make his first title defense on February 16 , 2013 , at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City .	Sing
Having no luck at getting fellow Lightweight champion Ricky Burns to fight him in February , Broner fought " Ring " No .	Sing
Broner stopped Rees in five rounds , after Rees ' corner threw in the towel at the end of the round .	Sing
In the 4th round , Broner sent Rees to the canvas with a quick right uppercut , and landed more combinations as the round ended .	Sing
Broner ended the round teeing off on Rees , with Rees ' trainer throwing in the towel from the corner .	Sing
CompuBox had Broner landing 48 % of his punches in the fight , as well as ending the fight landing 40 of 57 in the final round .	Sing
Malignaggi was the WBA welterweight champion and " The Ring " No .	Sing
Malignaggi started the fight fast and aggressive , throwing many punches and applying his jab often .	Sing
Broner found his timing by the middle of the fight , effectively timing Malignaggi with lead right hands and counter left hooks .	Sing
CompuBox had Broner landing 246 ( 47 % ) of his total punches , and 214 ( 51 % ) of his power punches .	Sing
Throughout the fight , Broner taunted Malignaggi repeatedly telling him , " You can 't hit me . "	Sing
During the post fight interview , Broner started to show some respect , " He 's a world-class fighter , and I respect him .	Sing
Malignaggi claimed there was corruption and that Al Haymon had New York judge Tom Schreck ( 117-111 ) " in his pocket " .	Sing
Broner earned a career-high $ 1.5 million compared to Malignaggi , who also earned a career-high $ 1.125 million purse .	Sing
From the opening bell , Maidana swarmed Broner , punishing him to the body and the head .	Sing
Following the knockdown , Maidana had a point deducted for a headbutt .	Sing
Maidana punished Broner for the remainder of the fight , winning the fight via unanimous decision and giving Broner his first loss as a professional .	Sing
Broner immediately left the ring following the announcement .	Sing
Broner later apologized , saying , " I 'm sorry for running out on all the fans after my fight .	Sing
Maidana said he was open to a rematch if it made sense .	Sing
Broner later said , " I 'll tell you one thing : Make a rematch .	Sing
Broner exercised his contractual rematch clause on January 15 , 2014 , to fight Maidana in a rematch .	Sing
Broner was still high on his rematch with Maidana , claiming that when Maidana loses to Mayweather , he would have to rematch him .	Sing
Broner , who is usually flashy and charismatic , fought the bout with a bit less showboating , working for a clear win .	Sing
Broner outworked Molina winning the fight via unanimous decision .	Sing
Broner was the aggressor and landed jabs frequently .	Sing
After the fight , Broner took to the microphone and said , " It was a comeback fight and shook the cobwebs off .	Sing
Broner remained at light welterweight to fight 23 year old Emmanuel Taylor ( 18-2 , 12 KOs ) for the WBA International title .	Sing
Broner had not fought in his hometown in 26 months prior to the fight .	Sing
Broner spent a large portion of the early rounds on the ropes , appearing to be unaffected by Taylor 's punches .	Sing
In the middle rounds , Broner increased his punch activity , making for back and forth action .	Sing
Broner sealed the decision in his favor with a left hook to the jaw of Taylor which sent Taylor to the canvas in round 12 .	Sing
Broner won the fight via unanimous decision with the judges scorecards as 116-111 , 116-111 , 115-112 .	Sing
Broner landed 201 of 524 punches thrown ( 38 % ) while Taylor landed 181 of 655 punches thrown ( 28 % ) .	Sing
Broner said he would like to fight Argentine slugger Lucas Matthysse ( 36-3 , 34 KOs ) next , who also won on the same card .	Sing
Going into the fight , Broner was 4-0 at the arena .	Sing
Broner lost a unanimous decision to Porter with scores of 118-108 , 115-111 and 114-112 .	Sing
The knockdown was not enough to secure Broner the win , as the fight was one-sided for the majority of the rounds .	Sing
Broner had a purse of $ 1.35 million compared to Porter 's $ 1 million .	Sing
Broner won the vacant WBA title defeating Allakhverdiev by TKO in the 12th round .	Sing
Broner defeated Theophane by TKO in the 9th round .	Sing
Broner announced he would next fight Adrian Granados at a catchweight of 142 pounds on February 11 , 2017 , on Showtime Championship Boxing .	Sing
Broner earned a base purse of $ 1 million whilst Granados earned $ 250,000 , a career-high purse .	Sing
Broner won a 10-round split decision , which was considered controversial .	Sing
Broner was more accurate with his punches , landing 166 of 403 punches thrown ( 41 % ) .	Sing
Granados connected 146 of 683 thrown ( 21 % ) .	Sing
On July 21 , the WBC announced that their Diamond light welterweight title would be at stake for the fight .	Sing
[ Broner ] is a great fighter who has great skills .	Sing
Broner was humble in defeat , but stated that he had to catch Garcia , who he claimed was running : " It was a good fight .	Sing
PBC stated the card would still go ahead and they would find a new opponent for Broner .	Sing
Broner and Vargas fought to a 12 round majority draw .	Sing
For the fight Broner earned a $ 1 million purse and Vargas earned a $ 500,000 purse .	Sing
On October 18 , 2018 , Pacquiao confirmed that the deal was almost complete .	Sing
Pacquiao then continued his onslaught after the break , but Broner survived the round nonetheless .	Sing
In the ninth round , Pacquiao caught Broner with a huge left hand that sent Broner reeling backwards .	Sing
However , during the post fight interview with Jim Gray , Broner claimed victory and said , " I controlled the fight .	Sing
Shoji or Shōji may refer to :	Sing
Granny Smith is a tip-bearing apple cultivar .	Sing
Granny Smith may also refer to :	Sing
Irma Seikkula ( 14 May 1914 – 8 July 2001 ) was a Finnish actress .	Sing
Toward the Blues is a studio album by Australian blues band Chain .	Sing
Euphrasia gibbsiae is a perennial herb in the genus " Euphrasia " .	Sing
Pentti Kalevi Siimes ( 10 September 1929 – 27 October 2016 ) was a Finnish actor .	Sing
García 's compatriot Leonel Suárez , on the other hand , had broken the national record with an 8527-point performance for the Olympic bronze medal .	Sing
Shō , Sho or Shou is a masculine Japanese given name .	Sing
The Folk Implosion is an EP by The Folk Implosion .	Sing
Wojtek met and fell in love with then-16-year-old Majka , who got pregnant and had a daughter , Ania .	Sing
Ewa is just as cruel to Majka as she is affectionate to Ania .	Sing
Ewa takes Ania to school to watch a school theatre performance .	Sing
Majka manages to get into the school hall too and takes Ania away .	Sing
Ewa is shocked by Ania 's disappearance .	Sing
Finally , Majka tells her that she is not her sister , but her mother and that Ewa is her grandmother .	Sing
Ania seems to understand and then asks who her father is .	Sing
Majka goes to Wojtek 's house in the country .	Sing
Ewa begs Stefan to call up his former political acquaintances to help them find Ania .	Sing
While Ania sleeps , Majka and Wojtek discuss their past .	Plur
In her sleep , Ania grabs Wojtek 's finger and he begins to warm to her .	Sing
Meanwhile , Majka goes out to ring Ewa and Stefan from a phone booth .	Sing
In the meantime Ania has woken up and engages in conversation with Wojtek who is now very affectionate towards her .	Sing
Majka has come back and asks Ania to address her as her mother , but she can only call her Majka .	Sing
Majka agrees and Wojtek promises to get a friend , who has a van , to take them back .	Sing
When Wojtek returns with his friend , Majka and Ania are gone .	Sing
Ewa tries to negotiate but Majka is relentless - either Ewa agrees to her demands or else she will never see Ania again .	Sing
After a moment 's silence Majka hangs up , just as Ewa is about to agree to her terms .	Sing
Ewa and Stefan arrive at the train station and ask the woman at the ticket office about Majka and Ania .	Sing
Ania excitedly runs towards Ewa , and a sad , discouraged Majka cannot confront her mother and boards the train alone .	Sing
Ania then runs after her and the train , understanding that something irreparable has just happened .	Sing
Dion , who was inspired by steam railway locomotives , could finance the work .	Sing
Kuala Sedili is a town in Kota Tinggi District , Johor , Malaysia .	Sing
Before 1863 Kuala Sedili is a district in Pahang .	Sing
Ash Wednesday ( ) is a 1958 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón .	Sing
Param later went on to describe the backlash that he received from sections of the Sikh community .	Sing
Amara Asavananda ( ; , born May 6 , 1937 in Bangkok , Thailand ) is a Thai actress and the 2nd Runner-up of Miss Thailand 1953 .	Sing
Sainik Samachar is a journal about the India 's Armed Forces .	Sing
Cartoons , showing typical British military characters , had become common in the forties .	Plur
The Overseas Edition was a tabloid which Indian troops out of the country looked forward to and read avidly for war news in the home front .	Sing
Fauji Akhbar turns over a new leaf to serve the services in free India in a spirit of patriotism and nationalism .	Sing
What is now Lapu-Lapu City initially formed part of the second district of Cebu province in 1907 .	Sing
On 9 July Damour fell and subsequently the 2 / 14th and 2 / 27th Battalions advanced through the mountains beyond .	Sing
The termini are – Haizhiyun Park , Xinggong Jie , Xiaopingdao Qian , & the Dalian Railway Station .	Plur
Interchange with Dalian 's light railway is possible at Dalian Railway Station .	Sing
Nonsynonymous substitutions differ from synonymous substitutions , which do not alter amino acid sequences and are ( sometimes ) silent mutations .	Plur
Gin is the name of :	Sing
Gin ( pronounced with a hard G ) is also the name of the following Japanese fictional characters :	Sing
Gösta Nordgren , known as Snoddas ( 30 December 1926 - 18 February 1981 ) was a Swedish entertainer ( singer , actor ) and bandy player .	Sing
Tedder wrote that " it came as something of a surprise " to him that Follett had not involved any virologists in his work .	Sing
Transavia Denmark chiefly operated scheduled and charter services to leisure destinations .	Sing
Wallenberg has a BSc degree from the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service .	Sing
Wallenberg began his career in the New York City office of Citibank in 1980 – 1982 .	Sing
Wallenberg served as the President and CEO of Investor from 1999 to 2005 .	Sing
Wallenberg is the Vice Chairman of the Institute of International Finance .	Sing
Wallenberg has three children from his first marriage to Caroline Wallenberg ( née Månsson ) .	Sing
Polyakov then stayed aboard Mir to observe the EO-4 crew .	Sing
Volkov , the only crew member who had been to space before , had one previous spaceflight .	Sing
Volkov became father of the first ever second-generation cosmonaut , when his son Sergey Volkov became Commander of the International Space Station 's Expedition 17 in 2008 .	Sing
His most recent spaceflight was in 2005 , as Commander of the International Space Station 's Expedition 11 .	Sing
Polyakov , a physician , arrived at the station part way through the previous expedition , Mir EO-3 .	Sing
Mitterrand flew to the launch site in Baikonur in a Concorde .	Sing
After 24.8 days aboard the station , Chrétien returned to Earth aboard Soyuz TM-6 on 21 December .	Sing
On December 27 , shortly after Soyuz TM-6 departed , the expedition 's first Progress resupply spacecraft docked with the station , two days after its launch .	Sing
The boost changed the Perigee and Apogee of the station from 325 km and 353 km AMSL to 340 km and 376 km , respectively .	Sing
Chkalov ( NAPO ) is one of the largest aerospace manufacturers in Russia .	Sing
The newspaper Aftonbladet initiated a campaign called " Glöm inte Therese " on June 12 , 2009 , which gives money to the help organisation BRIS .	Sing
After Aurore ( Alice Trémolières ) , a beautiful and popular girl at school , asks him on a date , they embark on an awkward relationship .	Sing
Bayside Cemetery and Gatehouse Complex is a historic cemetery and gatehouse located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County , New York .	Sing
McCann has also published works in topics such as politics and history .	Sing
Trond Høiby ( born 24 January 1973 in Askim , Østfold ) is a retired decathlete from Norway .	Sing
Like the prior T1 , T2 , and T2 + processors , the T3 supports Hyper-Privileged execution mode .	Sing
The T3 supports up to 128 Oracle VM Server for SPARC domains ( a feature formerly known as " Logical Domains " ) .	Sing
The SPARC T3 processor is effectively two T2 + processors on a single die .	Sing
Sandie Shaw , MBE ( born Sandra Ann Goodrich ; 26 February 1947 ) is an English singer .	Sing
Sandie Shaw was a regular on popular British TV programmes of the time such as " Top of the Pops " , " Ready Steady Go ! "	Sing
Pavlos and Thanasis Giannakopoulos Indoor Hall is the home arena of the team .	Sing
The western black-headed batis ( " Batis erlangeri " ) is a species of passerine bird in the wattle-eye family Platysteiridae .	Plur
Brendel Anstey ( November 1887 – 9 December 1933 ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa and Leicester City .	Sing
Vasilev previously played for Spartak Varna and Akademik Sofia in the A PFG .	Sing
Atkin served as a gunner in the Royal Garrison Artillery during the First World War .	Sing
Madhava Rao was not favorable to her learning .	Sing
The crux of the plot was the husband 's attempt to commit a crime and the wife curbing his ill-advised plan .	Sing
The Presses Universitaires de Rennes or PUR ( " Rennes University Press " ) is the largest French university press .	Sing
Carry On Breathing is an album from UK group Cassetteboy .	Sing
Juliano Elizeu Vicentini ( born 26 August 1981 ) is a Brazilian footballer .	Sing
Juliano Vicentini also played 88 matches at Campeonato Brasileiro Série A .	Sing
And without violating the letter , Hatto somehow always manages to leave a fresh , individual imprint upon everything she touches . " "	Sing
Hooper died in March 2010 , aged 91 .	Sing
Seventh-day Adventists posit that living in eternal hell is a false doctrine of pagan origin , as the Wicked will perish in the Lake of fire .	Sing
The ancient Hebrews , according to some modern scholars , had no concept of the eternal soul .	Plur
The afterlife was simply Sheol , the abode of the dead , a bleak end to existence akin to the Greek Hades .	Sing
Eternal hell / torment has been " the semiofficial position of the church since approximately the sixth century " , according to Pinnock .	Sing
When the most expected date of Jesus ' return ( October 22 , 1844 ) passed uneventfully , the " Great Disappointment " resulted .	Sing
Storrs came to believe the wicked would never be resurrected .	Plur
Together , the three constitute the primary founders of the church .	Sing
Samuele Bacchiocchi , best known for his study " From Sabbath to Sunday " , has defended annihilation .	Sing
Stott supports annihilation , yet cautions , " I do not dogmatise about the position to which I have come .	Sing
Pentecostal healing evangelist William Branham promoted annihilationism in the last few years before his death in 1965 .	Sing
F. F. Bruce wrote , " annihilation is certainly an acceptable interpretation of the relevant New Testament passages ... For myself , I remain agnostic . "	Sing
Concerning the typical doctrinal presentation of hell , the " Catechism of the Catholic Church " , 2nd Edition , states :	Sing
Wenham claims that just a single verse ( Revelation 14 : 11 ) sounds like eternal torment .	Sing
For example , Plato 's Myth of Er depicts disembodied souls being sent underground to be punished after death .	Sing
The former manse , Antrim House , sits north-west of the church ( John Lessels 1876 ) .	Sing
The following year , Hasani appointed him Minister of Youth Affairs in the cabinet of Prime Minister Husni al-Barazi .	Sing
Hasani created the portfolio exclusively for his son-in-law , and it was terminated when he left office in 1943 to become Minister of Social Affairs .	Sing
Munir al-Ajlani established himself in Syrian history as a leader who was not afraid of expressing views that challenge the existing norm .	Sing
Fabienne Saint-Louis attended the French school " Lycée La Bourdonnais " in her hometown Curepipe .	Sing
Since 2010 / 11 Fabienne Saint-Louis has studied sports ( STAPS ) .	Sing
SANRAL 's only shareholder is the state , represented by the Minister of Transport .	Sing
Such syncretism was common among the Kushan deities .	Sing
The Moronic Inferno includes some of the best profiles of writers ever written .	Sing
MMA Mania named Evolve MMA as the # 1 MMA camp in Asia .	Sing
Evolve MMA was voted the Best International MMA Gym in the world by the readers of leading MMA website , MiddleEasy .	Sing
Morrissey , concerned about the script , hired Michael O 'Donoghue to rewrite much of the dialogue , though these revisions were ultimately not used .	Sing
His write-up appeared the next day in the January 1975 edition of the newspaper .	Sing
Newsday critic Allan Wallack said " " Man on the Moon " is the kind of show that ought to be reviewed on the obit page . "	Sing
Skiers also often post information on the club 's chat forum .	Plur
Filippo Porcari ( born 28 April 1984 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Piacenza in Serie C .	Sing
Novara signed Daniele Buzzegoli from Speiza in exchange , also for the same fee .	Sing
The molecular formula CHNO may refer to :	Sing
Its retail banking and commercial enterprises have grown to equal its agricultural interests .	Sing
Telling Miss von Bernburg she must resign , the headmistress confines Manuela to the sanatorium .	Sing
Hanzo tells the other two Amakusa 's weakness , which appears to be the Six Holy Warriors .	Sing
There , the ninja meets Jubei who informs him of the growing resistance against Amakusa .	Sing
Ambrosia uses her body to materialize itself , forcing them to somehow create a new seal without Amakusa 's help .	Sing
The Ganahl revolver is an Austro-Hungarian version of the Colt Dragoon .	Sing
Norton Went On Hiatus in 2012 for Superstar same went for the BBC .	Sing
Belden is a ghost town located in Sikes Township in Mountrail County , North Dakota .	Sing
Today , Belden has a population of about 15 , with one large family growing the number over the past decade .	Sing
Klaus Mertens took singing lessons while attending school .	Plur
" In a remarkable display of stamina and consistency , Klaus Mertens sang in every piece that required a bass soloist , 190 in all . "	Plur
Thomaskantor Georg Christoph Biller directed a recording of Bach 's " Mass in B minor " in 2006 .	Sing
Mertens has also collaborated with the Windsbacher Knabenchor and the Dresdner Kreuzchor performing in the Kreuzkirche as well as in the Frauenkirche .	Sing
" Ras " Imru was to reorganize and continue to resist the Italians .	Sing
, pen-name for Hideki Nakazono , was one of Japan 's pioneer writers of spy fiction .	Sing
Shani Diluka ( born 7 November 1976 in Monaco ) is a pianist of Sri Lankan parents .	Sing
In July 2011 , Carmack explained that id Software was beginning research for the development of id Tech 6 .	Sing
Manno became the Secretary of the Accademia di San Luca .	Sing
Dlamini played for AmaZulu from 2009 - 2016.He had a brief spell at Bloemfontein Celtic F.C .	Sing
Giordano is co-founder of " Anthropological Journal on European Cultures " .	Sing
Giordano studied anthropology , art history and Romance languages at the University of Heidelberg , as well as law and economics at the University of Bern .	Sing
Rolf Brem ’ s godfather and uncle , Johan , was an artist metalworker .	Sing
Brem left secondary school shortly before his final exams .	Sing
Haller advised Brem to undergo training for a skilled trade in order to have a constant salary .	Sing
After a few weeks , Rolf Brem was not interested in his work anymore and so he decided to quit and to attend art school in 1945 .	Sing
The following ten years Rolf Brem worked in Karl Geiser ’ s studio .	Sing
Geiser showed and explained the clear forms of his sculptures to him .	Sing
Buxton was the eldest son of Sir Robert Buxton , 1st Baronet and his wife Juliana Mary Beevor .	Sing
Buxton died aged 54 at Tunbridge Wells , Kent .	Sing
Walking is possible in speeds from 1-9 , but faster walking speeds , cause more fatigue .	Sing
In 1983 , Epyx released the action-oriented " Gateway to Apshai " .	Sing
Isabelle commented that " These games are quite good , but perhaps overpriced a bit .	Sing
Amigo is a 1976 album by Arlo Guthrie .	Sing
Râul Alb may refer to :	Sing
Buxton died at age 85 at Shadwell Lodge , Norfolk .	Sing
However , due to the rapid growth of both the elementary classes as well as the high school , overcrowding became an issue almost immediately .	Sing
MHS ( the sports teams then known as the Mustangs ) remained in that building until 1939 .	Sing
Ferreira wrote the lead single , " Hey Now " , with ex-Extreme guitarist Nuno Bettencourt .	Sing
Ferreira described Tantric 's second album as " more mature " and " definitely heavier . "	Sing
While in British waters , " Auk " joined other units of Mine Squadron ( MinRon ) 21 in practice sweeping operations .	Sing
From there , " Auk " proceeded to Naples , Italy , one of the staging points for the invasion of southern France .	Sing
When Operation Dragoon commenced on 15 August , " Auk " was off the designated beaches of Provence with Vice Admiral Hewitt 's Control Force .	Sing
Therefore , " Auk " continued minesweeping and patrol missions in the Mediterranean until 31 May 1945 , when she headed for the United States .	Sing
" Auk " earned three battle stars for her World War II activities .	Sing
Their silhouettes dominate the adjacent villages and rise sharp against the background of the mountains crowned by Mount Aragats .	Plur
Widespread logging took place in the 1950s .	Sing
The Solar Pons Omnibus is a collection of detective fiction stories by author August Derleth .	Sing
The later omnibus also discarded Copper 's chronological arrangement in favor of the order in which the stories had appeared in the original Derleth volumes .	Sing
Tabernacle is a small village on the northeast coast of the island of Saint Kitts , in Saint Kitts and Nevis .	Sing
Sokol & Mirusha ) is a ballet by the composer Akil Mark Koci .	Sing
The scenographer for the 1974 version was Nuredin Loxha and costumography by Vanja Popović .	Sing
Nichola Town ( Nicola Town ) is a town in the northeast of the island of Saint Kitts , in Saint Kitts and Nevis .	Sing
NSND Trà Giang is a Vietnamese actress .	Sing
The ATAA compliments the Trade Adjustment Assistance program , which does not offer a wage subsidy or wage insurance .	Plur
The TAA focuses on retraining workers while the ATAA includes a wage subsidy for workers who are considered too old to undergo retraining .	Sing
The Pernambuco coastal forests is an ecoregion of the Tropical moist broadleaf forests Biome , and the South American Atlantic Forest biome .	Sing
The Pernambuco coastal forests occupy an 80 km-wide strip along the Atlantic coast of northeastern Brazil in the states of Pernambuco and Alagoas .	Sing
The ecoregion has a tropical climate with annual rainfall ranging from 1,750 to 2,000 mm .	Sing
The ecoregion is an endemic bird area that harbors 13 threatened species of birds .	Sing
However , in the 1930s , Paragon expanded both its market , to include the Americas , and its range of products to include dinnerware .	Sing
Also at this time , Paragon began its move towards creating a smokeless factory , installing electric kilns .	Sing
Ruch is an unincorporated community and census-designated place ( CDP ) in Jackson County , Oregon , United States .	Sing
Ruch has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate ( Csb ) according to the Köppen climate classification system .	Sing
In 2017 , the Nuveen Sign expanded to AT & T Park .	Sing
The Nuveen Sign frames the newly renovated Fan Lot .	Sing
The SHA works for a secular life stance founded on reason , compassion and responsibility .	Sing
The SHA also promotes science as the primary method for finding answers to empirical questions , staunchly opposing for instance pseudoscience .	Sing
The SHA is the fastest growing humanist organisation in the world , having increased its membership by over 150 % during 2006 .	Sing
Christer Sturmark has been chairman of the organisation since February 2005 .	Sing
The SHA offers help and advice in creating secular ceremonies for those who don 't wish to employ the Church of Sweden or other religious institutions .	Sing
The SHA publishes a bi-monthly magazine called " Humanisten " ( " the Humanist " ) .	Sing
At this date there was a one-room-and-loft dwelling which doubled as Lee 's naval office .	Sing
However , in its normal usage , the Levante specifically refers to the Valencian Community , Murcia , Almería , the Balearics and the coast of Catalonia .	Sing
The tomboyish , outgoing Julieta is the daughter of a member of the Palmeiras soccer club board .	Sing
On journeys back to Maidstone , 3 journeys on 781 run every 35 mins and 1 journey operates on 784 .	Plur
Kok is the youngest child of a family of six children .	Sing
In 2000 , Kok ventured overseas to expand her acting career .	Sing
Apart from acting , Kok has produced three solo albums .	Sing
In 2014 March , Kok left the entertainment	Sing
A UK promotional 12 " vinyl featured an exclusive " Dub Version " of the track , which was again created and remixed by Bastone .	Sing
Gossip held that the women chosen were largely Roman Catholic .	Sing
The choreography was by Thomas Giles , who also played Thamesis .	Sing
Arsenal de Lorient in Brittany launched her on 17 June 1939. and she was commissioned in March 1940 .	Sing
The Brothers Grimm cited it as an analog to " The Girl Without Hands " .	Sing
The brother 's particular fascination with her hands appears to be a development of Basile 's own , to account for it .	Sing
Laetitia died on October 6 , 1706 at " Machodoc " , and her tombstone can still be seen at " Mount Pleasant " .	Sing
Agia Marina is a town on the island of Crete in Greece .	Sing
Bronner fled from occupied Austria to Czechoslovakia and later to Palestine , where he started his musical career .	Sing
Bronner took over a dubious night-club called " Marietta-Bar " which he transformed into a small theater .	Sing
There Bronner assembled a group of young artists which would later become renowned Austrian actors and cabaret artists .	Sing
Bronner continued to compose and write , and frequently visited Vienna to do concerts , book tours and television appearances .	Sing
Bronner died of a stroke in 2007 , aged 84 .	Sing
Throughout his life Bronner emphasized his Jewishness though he was not religious .	Sing
Schaeffer also performed regularly on the television shows " The Cinnamon Cinder " and " Hollywood Dance Time " .	Sing
Schaeffer was the musical director with the Las Vegas Sands Hotel house band Enterprise for Frederick Apcar 's production , " The Sands Playmate Review " .	Sing
Schaeffer is the inventor of an original musical instrument , the Strumbola .	Sing
Schaeffer is a published author under the pen name John Schaeffer .	Sing
In March 2012 , Reveille became known as Shine America .	Sing
MVC launched in September 1994 and ceased operations at the end of 2006 .	Sing
On January 16 , 1995 , MVC launched a 30-minute 9 p.m. weeknight news show , " MVC First News at 9 " .	Sing
On June 1 , 2004 , Time Warner Cable moved UPN 44 to channel 17 for the majority of Time Warner 's Montgomery and Greene County subscribers .	Sing
In early 2006 , UPN was preparing to merge with The WB to form The CW .	Sing
In spite of the timing of UPN 17 's shutdown , MyNetworkTV did not reach a Dayton affiliation agreement until August 24 , 2006 .	Sing
On September 16 , 2006 ( the day after UPN went off the air ) , UPN 17 changed its name back to the Miami Valley Channel .	Sing
MVC still aired its regular daytime programming , including " The Greg Behrendt Show " , " Dr. Phil " and selected shows from the i network .	Sing
By coincidence , WHIO-TV and MVC anchor Donna Jordan announced on December 8 , 2006 that she would be retiring on December 31 .	Sing
MVC was the former UPN network affiliate .	Sing
In the episode , nationalization of the Asian fields causes financial ruin that affects the cartel members and J.R. Ewing 's banker .	Sing
J.R. swindled him out of $ 20 million ( equivalent to $ in ) .	Sing
J.R. mortgaged the family ranch , unbeknownst to his parents , and had plans to drill for oil on the property .	Sing
J.R. explains to Jock and Bobby that Ewing Oil is doing fine , leaving Bobby suspicious .	Sing
J.R. assures his father and brother that such unethical behavior was beneath him .	Sing
J.R. tells Johnson to ignore Shepard 's request for records and to shred them .	Sing
J.R. confronts Kristin about her mischief .	Sing
J.R. spends some time with Sue Ellen .	Sing
J.R. confirms it is producing 5,000 barrels / month which would give Cliff $ 500,000 / year ( equivalent to $ / year in ) .	Sing
J.R. tells Bobby and Jock that he shut down the wells to shut off new claimant Barnes .	Sing
Pam and Bobby decide to leave Southfork in disgust .	Sing
McSween serves Shepard with a warrant for her arrest on charges of prostitution in front of Beam who was visiting her .	Sing
J.R. is at the office at night when Rogers arrives at Southfork to cart Sue Ellen away .	Sing
The " Los Angeles Herald Examiner " claimed to have received a copy from a " news source " .	Sing
Discussion about the mystery took place in a variety of media forms including " Time " .	Sing
After 10 days , Hagman agreed to work filming the subsequent season for $ 75,000 ( equivalent to $ in ) per episode .	Sing
Hagman had been working for $ 25,000 ( equivalent to $ in ) per episode .	Sing
The LRT currently runs on two lines - the Capital Line and the Metro Line - extending 24.3 km .	Sing
The ETS operates a fleet of well over 960 buses across the city with 180 regular routes .	Sing
The ETS also operates a specialized system for disabled people called DATS ( Disabled Adult Transit System ) .	Sing
Avenues run east and west ; streets run north and south .	Plur
Westbound trains of " The Canadian " continue toward Jasper , Alberta , while eastbound trains run toward Saskatoon , Saskatchewan .	Sing
The off-season featured the trade of highly popular forward Gary Roberts shortly before the season began .	Sing
Fleury also represented Canada at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano , Japan .	Sing
The Danish king Óláfr and his men , among whom Hrómundr Gripsson , learnt about that and found the barrow .	Sing
Sorrentino contributed backing vocals to the 1992 debut album by The Lilys .	Sing
Following the breakup of the band , Sorrentino moved to New York City and became a music teacher .	Sing
In 2010 , Sorrentino reunited with producer Sean Slade , and over 2010-2011 recorded a collection of songs composed by Sunshine Pop progenitor Curt Boettcher .	Sing
Sorrentino recorded a theme song for WFMU radio 's weekly conceptual comedy program Seven Second Delay .	Sing
In 2015 , following the death of her mother , for whom she did hospice caretaking for over a year , Sorrentino relocated to Los Angeles .	Sing
In 1580 Hieronymus Richter established the first sandstone quarry inside the rock formations surrounding Jonsdorf to produce millstones .	Sing
Duffy studied art at Birmingham Polytechnic ( now Birmingham City University ) .	Sing
An adjustable rotating easel that he implemented , the so-called ARTristic Easel , was his attempt to achieve those goals .	Sing
Developed from 1914 to 1930 , Cedar Crest Addition was the first large planned subdivision in Normal .	Sing
Fajã de Baixo is a town in the northern part of the island of São Nicolau , Cape Verde .	Sing
Ginger Snaps is an American adult animated sitcom created by Sono Patel .	Sing
Pedersen managed a poorhouse ( he was " Fattigaards bestyrer " ) .	Sing
Export has some limitations related to subscription status and to a count of added profiles .	Sing
Altgeld was a German native who favored Gothic Revival architecture .	Sing
Eleonora Aguiari ( born 1973 ) is an Italian installation artist and author , who lives between London and Paris .	Sing
McAdoo had also hoped to be on the ticket , but his inclusion was opposed by Hearst .	Sing
The cabinets of physics and chemistry followed the suit .	Plur
Hung said that Chang would often send him out to show the visitors what the internal styles were all about .	Plur
In the mid-1960s Hung I-Hsiang opened up his own school under the name Tang Shou Tao ( ) .	Plur
Nu Ophiuchi ( ν Oph , ν Ophiuchi ) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Ophiuchus .	Sing
Nu Ophiuchi has about three times the mass of the Sun and is roughly 330 million years old .	Sing
Mariachi bands also line up on Eje Central in front of the plaza to solicit gigs from passing motorists .	Sing
In 1910 , Garibaldi Plaza had a garden in the middle of it .	Sing
In spite of the area 's serious decline , Plaza Garibaldi remains one of the best-recognized places by foreign visitors in Mexico City .	Sing
The pictorial featured Munn interacting with illustrated animals in a forest setting , which were drawn by Mike Choi and colored by Sonia Oback .	Sing
Rockwell Mound is one of the site that the Register has denoted as being " address restricted " because of its special sensitivity .	Sing
Rockwell Mound is one of the largest mounds ever built in the Illinois River basin .	Sing
First Leaf Fallen is the first album from the hard rock group Logan .	Sing
There are two subdistricts , seven towns , and five townships under the city 's administration :	Plur
G50 Shanghai – Chongqing Expressway also passes to the south of the city centre .	Sing
This confrontation prompted the expulsion of the students by the police .	Sing
Im Gyeong-eop ( 1594 – 1646 ) was a prominent Korean general during the Joseon Dynasty .	Sing
The same year Im returned to his position , the Manchus entered Joseon Korea after constant political pressures failed to suppress the nation .	Sing
The Manchus immediately sent an arrest force in Korea , who seized Im Gyeong Eop and transported him to Beijing .	Sing
However , Ma 's courage failed and the Ming forces surrendered to the Manchus , and Im once again lost his opportunity .	Sing
After Rohrbough 's death , Fred O. Grissom purchased the house in 1925 .	Sing
Grissom lived in the house until his death in 1978 .	Sing
The Una originates on the Borborema Plateau , flows east , and empties into the Atlantic Ocean near Barreiros .	Sing
" I have no problem with [ Ozzy ] , nor with Tommy joining his band , " said Zombie .	Sing
Hedrick launched with a flight of eight Corsairs , but lost two when they aborted .	Sing
Kaine ( a clone of Spider-Man ) arrived and after a confrontation , Vladimir was killed by the insane duplicate .	Sing
Aside from the loss to Mercer , only The Citadel scored on the Gators when Dummy Taylor was trapped in the endzone for a safety .	Sing
Dummy Taylor ran 55 yards for the touchdown .	Sing
Earle Taylor scored in the first quarter and the Gamecocks matched in the second .	Sing
" The Stetson Weekly Collegiate " called it " the greatest football game ever played in the state of Florida . "	Sing
Back Harvey Hester played under an assumed name and scored 7 touchdowns .	Sing
Heisman said the Gators played the best football he 'd seen a Florida squad play .	Sing
Buie and Hester scored in the first period .	Sing
Citadel came back in the second quarter with a long pass from Weeks to Bolton .	Sing
In the third quarter , Buie blocked a Citadel kick , leading to another touchdown .	Sing
Roy " Puss " Hancock took over for Sutton as captain .	Sing
Auburn 's backfield played well and fullback Bedie Bidez scored two touchdowns .	Sing
The yearbook remarked that a Gator squad had never had more " guts " .	Sing
Sewanee 's Ellerbe scored the game 's only touchdown .	Sing
Auburn 's fullback Scott was the star of the contest .	Sing
Lucerne abbey was a possession of Murbach by the mid 9th century .	Sing
Facing the prospect of another scandal should his child be born in prison , J.R. decides the matter should be handled quietly .	Sing
Rondo Hatton was a substitute quarterback on the team .	Sing
Tootie Perry had a breakout game in a 16 – 0 loss to the Georgia Bulldogs on Plant Field , dueling with Georgia center Bum Day .	Sing
Crom Anderson made the first touchdown on a 15-yard reception .	Sing
" The Key " was part of a five-song medley the band performed during their 2001 tour .	Sing
72 Ophiuchi ( 72 Oph ) is a class A5 main sequence star in the constellation Ophiuchus .	Sing
From April 3 , 1996 to April 12 , 1996 , Good served as acting United States Secretary of Commerce until Mickey Kantor was sworn-in .	Sing
Good went to Baton Rouge as director of the radiochemistry laboratory and as an instructor and assistant professor of chemistry ( 1954-1958 ) .	Sing
Good was one of the first people to use Mössbauer spectroscopy techniques for basic chemical research .	Sing
Good was able to study ruthenium , which exists in a variety of oxidation states , and derive detailed chemical and structural information .	Sing
Good was the first woman to be elected to the board of the American Chemical Society in 1972 .	Sing
Culberson won a surprisingly modest 59 % of the vote in 2006 in what is otherwise a normally strong Republican district .	Sing
In 2006 , McCaul won only 55 % of the vote against Democratic challenger , Ted Ankrum , and Libertarian Michael Badnarik .	Sing
Granger defeated Democratic nominee Tracey Smith 67.6-30.6 % .	Sing
Mac Thornberry represents this Texas Panhandle district that encompasses Amarillo and Wichita Falls .	Sing
Thornberry defeated Democrat nominee Roger Waun 77.6-22.4 % .	Sing
Libertarian Eugene J. Flynn filed to run on December 20 , 2007 . .	Sing
Hinojosa , who was 68 in 2008 , won the Democrat nomination and defeated Republican nominee Eddie Zamora 65.7-32.0 % .	Sing
Republican Randy Neugebauer of Lubbock won re-election in 2006 with 68 % of the vote .	Sing
Neugebauer won re-election over 2008 Democratic nominee Dwight Fullingim , 72.5 to 24.9 % .	Sing
Gonzalez won 87 % of the vote in 2006 against a Libertarian opponent and two-thirds of the 2004 vote .	Sing
Ciro Rodriguez , a former Democratic congressman from San Antonio , faced Republican nominee Bexar County Commissioner Lyle Larson and Libertarian Lani Connolly in this majority-Hispanic district .	Sing
Republican Kenny Marchant of Coppell won 60 % of the vote in this Republican-leaning district that gave George W. Bush 65 % of the vote in 2004 .	Sing
Marchant defeated 2008 Democrat nominee Tom Love ( campaign website ) and 2008 Libertarian nominee David A. Casey 55.9-41.1 % in the November election .	Sing
Doggett defeated 2008 Republican nominee George Morovich 65.8-30.5 % in the November election .	Sing
In October 1942 Stavka entrusted Kreizer with the formation of the powerful Soviet Second Guards Army , trained for decisive action in the battle of Stalingrad .	Sing
Gamma Ophiuchi , Latinized from γ Ophiuchi , is a fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Ophiuchus .	Sing
Bindu Sebastian is the Vice Chairperson .	Sing
Smail Hamdani ( ; 11 March 1930 – 6 / 7 February 2017 ) was an Algerian politician .	Sing
Hamdani became a member of the National Liberation Front ( FLN ) .	Sing
Hamdani died in his sleep on the night of 6 February or the morning of 7 February 2017 at the age of 86 .	Sing
His protégés included Jimmy Burke , an associate of the Lucchese crime family , and his eventual successor Mickey Spillane .	Plur
Typically a few micrometres in length , bacteria have a number of shapes , ranging from spheres to rods and spirals .	Plur
Non-respiratory anaerobes use fermentation to generate energy and reducing power , secreting metabolic by-products ( such as ethanol in brewing ) as waste .	Plur
Facultative anaerobes can switch between fermentation and different terminal electron acceptors depending on the environmental conditions in which they find themselves .	Plur
Budding involves a cell forming a protrusion that breaks away and produces a daughter cell .	Sing
The flagellum is a rotating structure driven by a reversible motor at the base that uses the electrochemical gradient across the membrane for power .	Sing
The tumbling allows them to reorient and makes their movement a three-dimensional random walk .	Sing
In twitching motility , the rod-like pilus extends out from the cell , binds some substrate , and then retracts , pulling the cell forward .	Sing
This bioluminescence often occurs in bacteria that live in association with fish , and the light probably serves to attract fish or other large animals .	Sing
The archaea and eukaryotes are more closely related to each other than either is to the bacteria .	Sing
The " Gram stain " , developed in 1884 by Hans Christian Gram , characterises bacteria based on the structural characteristics of their cell walls .	Sing
Along with his contemporary Robert Koch , Pasteur was an early advocate of the germ theory of disease .	Sing
Fentress and Charles Marsh bought " The News " in 1921 , overseeing headquarters and press improvements , until Cox Enterprises bought it in 1976 .	Sing
The cavity contains cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) that filters from the ventricles through the septal laminae .	Sing
CSP is present in 100 % of fetuses , but over 85 % of them fuse by 3 – 6 months after birth .	Sing
CSP is a marker for fetal neural maldevelopment .	Sing
CSP is one of the distinguishing features of individuals displaying symptoms of dementia pugilistica .	Sing
For the majority of individuals , CSP produces no ill effects .	Sing
In August 2005 , MacGillivray was producing a documentary which examined the potential effects of a hurricane hitting New Orleans .	Sing
MacGillivray keeps his partner 's name as a memorial .	Sing
MacGillivray and his wife , Barbara , have two children and reside in Laguna Beach , California .	Sing
" , Allie leaves her boyfriend in order to ' teach him a lesson ' , and seeks solace with her friend Maggie .	Sing
Hydro is load following and managing the peaks , with some response from base load thermal .	Sing
Load following is the potential for a power plant to adjust its power output as demand and price for electricity fluctuates throughout the day .	Sing
Chautauqua National Wildlife Refuge is a protected area where thousands of waterfowl and shorebirds live .	Sing
There are many other state parks and National Wildlife Refuges in the region .	Plur
Most farmhouses constructed in Jefferson County in the 1880s were frame buildings , and few houses were built of sturdier brick .	Plur
The Great keyhole limpet " ( Megathura crenulata " ) measures up to 13.2 cm .	Sing
The mantle extends in some species partly or completely ( as in " Megathura crenulata " ) over the shell .	Sing
Sexual inversion is a term used by sexologists , primarily in the late 19th and early 20th century , to refer to homosexuality .	Sing
The sexologist Richard von Krafft-Ebing described female sexual inversion as " the masculine soul , heaving in the female bosom " .	Sing
Glick attended Colorado State University , where he starred as a quarterback .	Sing
Glick died on February 11 , 2015 , aged 84 , at his home in Fort Collins , Colorado , following a stroke .	Sing
Canadian Forces Station Cobourg ( also CFS Cobourg ) was a military logistics base located in Cobourg , Ontario .	Sing
Rincon consists of a shaded bleacher set , with smooth concrete for skating .	Sing
Haru Hiratsuka originally started the publication under the pen name “ Raichō ” which means “ Thunderbird ” .	Sing
Adultery , abortion , and divorce were popular topics linked with social shame .	Sing
An exhausted Hiratsuka turned over the reins to Noe Itō in 1915 .	Sing
Ito produced the journal with little assistance for almost another year .	Sing
Alongside his club career , Fathy has represented Egypt since 2002 , playing over one hundred games and scoring nine goals for his country .	Sing
Fathy played as a midfielder and right back for Ismaily in Egypt .	Sing
Fathy became Egypt 's youngest ever international when he was capped at 17 years old in 2001 against South Africa .	Sing
The autograph of this work contains 24 leaves of paper-type 57 .	Sing
The serenade is in seven movements as follows :	Sing
Coral Reef Adventure is a 70mm American documentary film released in 2003 to IMAX theaters .	Sing
Co-star Jason Robards , who knew James and was a friend , helped Matthew through his grief over the loss of his father .	Sing
At the time of the movie , Lau was the hitting coach for the Chicago White Sox .	Sing
The Tamora also provided the base for the T350 coupe .	Sing
Australia 's Brett Williams was the leading run-scorer , with 471 runs at an average of 52.33 .	Sing
Pakistan 's Zahid Saeed was the leading wicket-taker , with 15 wickets at 7.60 .	Sing
Reece Topley of England was the highest wicket taker whereas Anamul Haque of Bangladesh was the top run getter .	Sing
Afghanistan was the only non-full member to qualify for the Quarter Finals .	Sing
The Paxton First Schoolhouse , located at 406 E. Franklin St. , is the oldest remaining building in Paxton , Illinois .	Sing
Early European ascents of Sarawaged Massif include those by the missionary Christian Keyser in 1913 and Charles Lane Poole in 1925 .	Plur
The Dinajpur Pillar Inscription makes mention of a certain Kamboja king called the Kambojanvaya Gaudapati ( i.e .	Sing
The Cayenne keyhole limpet is a herbivore , and uses its radula to scrape algae from rocks .	Sing
The young hatch and crawl away .	Sing
Garrett Byrnes ( born December 30 , 1971 ) is an American composer .	Sing
Since embarking on his professional career , Byrnes has worked with numerous performers both in the United States and abroad .	Sing
On December 1 , 2006 , conductor Osmo Vänskä lead the Minnesota Orchestra in the world premiere of " Solace " .	Sing
Their current majority shareholder is the conglomerate Beijing Enterprises Holdings Limited .	Sing
Goran Tomić won China League One Coach of the Year award in December 2014 .	Sing
Nicolette Kenny , another Universal signing , was next .	Sing
" Soundings " went on to win several awards , including a silver medal at the New York International Radio Festival .	Plur
The stamp pays homage to 1943 hit Broadway musical " Oklahoma ! "	Sing
In 2012 , Flieger began teaching Arthurian studies at Signum University .	Sing
Flieger has also written a young adult fantasy , " Pig Tale " , and short stories .	Sing
Landsverk L-100 was a Swedish prototype tank in development during World War II .	Sing
Airports shown in bold have scheduled passenger service on commercial airlines .	Plur
In 1953 the MTI ( Hungarian News Agency ) moved to its new headquarters atop Naphegy .	Sing
Duna TV , the first satellite TV channel of Hungary began broadcasting on December 24 , 1992 .	Sing
South Tabor is a neighborhood in southeastern Portland , Oregon in the United States .	Sing
South Tabor is largely residential ; all of the neighborhood 's businesses are situated on the streets that form its boundaries .	Sing
There is also a meditation labyrinth in a private yard , but often open free of charge to the general public .	Sing
Akmal Rizal Bin Ahmad Rakhli ( born 12 December 1981 ) is a former Malaysian professional footballer who played as a forward .	Sing
On 10 November 2013 , Akmal Rizal has officially signed a one-year contract with Sarawak FA after been released by Kedah FA .	Sing
In 2015 , Akmal Rizal played with Kedah United F.C .	Sing
Akmal Rizal retired from playing professionally in 2016 .	Sing
Donna Lieberman has been the executive director of the NYCLU since December 2001 .	Sing
The Dignity for All Students Act aims to halt the bias-based harassment and bullying present in public schools throughout New York .	Sing
Nurses and other healthcare professionals may also earn the Certified Wound Specialist ( CWS ) certification through the American Board of Wound Management .	Plur
" Irish Times " diarist Frank McNally summed up the massacre as " an incident that encapsulated all the madness of the time " .	Sing
The UVF would be once more banned by the British government on 3 October 1975 .	Sing
The patrol sergeant immediately ordered fire to be returned .	Sing
Crozier told police , and later a court , that he had not played a large part in the attack .	Sing
Crozier had pleaded not guilty .	Sing
A continued allegation in the case has been the presence of Captain Robert Nairac at the scene .	Sing
Maguire recalled that the car first slowed down , then it accelerated , flashing its lights .	Sing
The Miami Showband reformed in 2008 , with Travers , Des McAlea , Ray Millar and other new members .	Sing
" Irish Times " diarist , Frank McNally , summed up the massacre as " an incident that encapsulated all the madness of the time " .	Sing
The HET said the killings raised " disturbing questions about collusive and corrupt behaviour " .	Sing
Esperanto Filmoj is an American film and television production company based in Sherman Oaks , California .	Sing
The Robe is the third studio album released by the melodic hard rock band Ten .	Sing
Airports shown in bold have scheduled passenger service on commercial airlines .	Plur
Fahrenheit 451 is a novel by Ray Bradbury .	Sing
Fahrenheit 451 may also refer to :	Sing
Media conglomerates like Gannett Company , The McClatchy Company , Hearst Communications and others , publish a large percentage of the nation 's papers .	Plur
Porters , is a commercial ski resort just over an hour 's drive west from Christchurch , in the South Island of New Zealand .	Plur
'101.7 THE FOX is a commercial radio station in Santa Rosa , California , broadcasting on 101.7 FM .	Sing
Dhillon is the Honorary Consul General for Belize in Canada and owns a private 3,000-acre island in Belize that he is developing into a world-class tourist resort .	Sing
Dhillon also currently sits on the Entrepreneur Advisory Council for the Richard Ivey School of Business .	Sing
At the age of 12 , Dhillon migrated to Canada where he continued his education in Calgary , Alberta .	Sing
Dhillon founded Mainstreet Equity Corp which was listed as a Canadian publicly traded company on the Toronto Stock Exchange listed on the TSX as MEQ .	Sing
Mainstreet Equity has positioned itself in the Canadian market place to specialize in the acquisition of mid-market multi-family properties .	Sing
Dhillon is the Honorary Consul General for Belize in Canada .	Sing
Dhillon is currently developing the island into a world-class tourist resort .	Sing
Doppelgänger is the debut studio album by British alternative rock band Curve .	Sing
Marinelli began her career writing for United Press International and coordinating public relations for the Buffalo Bisons .	Sing
Any embolus or thrombus in largest feeder vessel known as the artery of Adamkiewicz , can lead to an anterior spinal syndrome .	Sing
Grahamstown is a village community in the central east part of the Riverina and situated about 12 kilometres north from Adelong and 13 kilometres south from Tumblong .	Sing
At the , Grahamstown had a population of 61 people .	Sing
Grahamstown consists of a small number of private residences on the Adelong to Tumblong road and the somewhat dilapidated Billy Goat Hall .	Sing
Western Siberia or West Siberia ( ) is a part of the greater Siberia .	Sing
Virtue learned to play the double bass and also sang .	Sing
Virtue Hampton married Thomas Whitted Sr. , a drummer in the Duke Hampton Orchestra .	Sing
The threesome reunited in 1981 , following a nearly twenty-year hiatus .	Sing
Virtue Hampton said that The Andrews Sisters and The King Sisters were the inspiration for forming their quartet .	Sing
Virtue and Aletra Hampton remained activein Indianapolis 's jazz community after Carmalita 's death in 1987 and performed as a duo .	Sing
Virtue Hampton Whitted died on January 17 , 2007 , in Indianapolis , Indiana , at the age of eighty-four , one week after suffering a stroke .	Sing
The farmstead also includes a summer kitchen and a barn , which were also built by Morton .	Sing
BCal took delivery of three more McDonnell Douglas DC-10-30 widebodied aircraft in 1980 .	Sing
BCal therefore decided to reduce off-peak frequencies on most of its short-haul routes from the start of the 1980 / 81 winter timetable period .	Sing
BCal ended the 1979 / 80 financial year with a healthy profit of £ 9.7 million .	Sing
BCal received another new DC-10-30 widebody in 1981 .	Sing
At the start of the 1981 / 82 winter timetable period , BCal added Douala ( Cameroon ) to its network .	Sing
Also in 1981 , BCal opened a new engine overhaul plant at Prestwick Airport near Glasgow in Scotland .	Sing
BCal had also agreed to offer a limited number of low fares that would match the lowest fares Laker had proposed .	Sing
Harmer subsequently became the UK 's first and only female Concorde pilot following BCal 's takeover by BA .	Sing
BCal applied to take over BA 's London Gatwick — Frankfurt route and its dormant Gatwick — Geneva licence .	Sing
BCal used the " Executive Class " brand for both its new European and its longer established long-haul business class .	Sing
In 1983 , BCal became the first non-French airline to order the Airbus A320 .	Sing
BCal intended to use its A320s to replace the ageing One-Elevens on its short-haul European and medium-haul North African routes .	Sing
BCal estimated that it would require nine more aircraft — six long-haul and three short-haul planes — to operate the additional routes .	Sing
Given these magnitudes and Heathrow 's already tight slot situation at peak times , BCal 's senior management considered this difference in annual profitability immaterial .	Plur
Also in 1984 , BCal received two brand-new A310-200 widebodies at its Gatwick base .	Sing
BCal furthermore decided to withdraw its Glasgow — Newcastle — Amsterdam regional service to focus its operations on providing worldwide scheduled services from London only .	Sing
BCal decided to retire the four ex-Laker One-Eleven 300s and to acquire another second-hand One-Eleven 500 , giving it a total fleet strength of 13 .	Sing
During that year , BCal carried 8 % more passengers and 20 % more cargo compared with the year before .	Sing
At the same time , BCal relinquished its traffic rights to Recife , Salvador , Rio , São Paulo , San Juan , Caracas and Bogotá .	Sing
BCal 's 1985 re-launch of scheduled Gatwick — JFK services coincided with the introduction of its door-to-door limousine service for premium travellers .	Sing
Altogether BCal suffered a total revenue loss of £ 80 million while the airline itself lost two-and-a-half million pounds every month at that time .	Sing
Despite facing a major crisis , BCal continued adding new aircraft , routes and flight frequencies in an effort to maintain a competitive operation .	Sing
Two more 747s joined the fleet during 1986 .	Plur
During that year , Muscat , Gaborone and Aberdeen joined the network .	Sing
By July 1987 , BCal had already exhausted most of the proceeds from the asset disposal programme .	Sing
SAS was prepared to offer £ 110 million for 26 % of the British Caledonian Group 's stock , valuing the entire group at £ 400 million .	Sing
SAS therefore dispatched a team of executives headed by Jan Carlzon to the UK to work out details of a joint bid .	Sing
At the time , SAS used to pursue a high-fares-high-yield strategy in its Danish , Norwegian and Swedish home markets .	Sing
Therefore , the Competition Directorate of the European Commission ( EC ) needed to clear BA 's takeover of BCal as well .	Sing
BCal ceased to exist as a legal entity at 00.01 hrs .	Sing
Operation Delphin was an anti-partisan operation in the Independent State of Croatia that took place in World War II , from 15 November to 1 December 1943 .	Sing
Baskett is of English , Irish , and Ukrainian descent .	Sing
Baskett was and raised in San Diego 's Clairemont neighborhood , and played softball for six years with the Clairemont Bobby Sox .	Sing
Hefner had seen a photo of her shot by Kim Riley , on a fax machine at the Playboy Mansion and wanted to know who she was .	Sing
In an interview after the birth of Hank IV , Baskett revealed she had suffered post-partum depression .	Sing
" After giving birth , I never brushed my hair , my teeth , or took a shower , " said Baskett .	Sing
" Kendra " premiered on June 7 , 2009 , and had record breaking numbers for E !	Sing
In 2007 , Baskett appeared on an episode of " WWE Raw " with Bridget Marquardt .	Sing
Baskett was a contestant in the twelfth season of " Dancing with the Stars " , partnered with Louis Van Amstel .	Sing
Kendra launched her personal website KendraWilkinson.com in November 2011 .	Sing
in 2011 , Baskett and her family started a new reality show on WE tv , " Kendra on Top " .	Sing
On February 26 , 2013 , Baskett appeared on an episode of " Celebrity Wife Swap " with Kate Gosselin .	Sing
On October 31 , 2013 , Baskett announced that she was pregnant with her second child via a Twitter photo .	Sing
O 'Kane was a tough full back who played for Bohemians amongst others during his career in the League of Ireland .	Sing
A large Carpet Spruce swamp exists in this area , intermixed with blowdown and rocks .	Sing
Poku has been the ambassador to the United States ( concurrently to Mexico , Guatemala , Belize , Haiti and Bahamas ) since July 2004 .	Sing
Woodbine , also known as the Anders Rasmussen House , is a historic early-20th-century estate located at New Albany , Floyd County , Indiana .	Sing
The interior diameter of the tower is and contains a cast iron , spiral staircase with 69 steps .	Sing
Carrer de Pau Claris is a street in Eixample , Barcelona .	Sing
Nora of Kelmendi was a 17th-century Albanian woman now legendary for her beauty and valor .	Sing
As she grew up , however , Nora turned out to be the most beautiful girl in Malsia .	Sing
One day , Nora came down to the city with her parents .	Sing
Nora had proved to be a warrior , but now she had to prove that she was wise too , in order to spare Malsia from destruction .	Sing
In the first version , Nora pretended to want to marry the Pasha without the permission of her family .	Sing
Nora stabbed the pasha , kicked him on back of his head , and choked him so he could not scream .	Sing
Nora fled and , as planned , the army of Malsia attacked the Ottomans , winning temporary victory over them .	Sing
In a second version of the legend , Nora never goes to the tent .	Sing
Nora led an army of 300 women against the Ottomans who had set off to burn , pillage and rape .	Sing
In battle , Nora came face to face with the pasha and kills him in a duel .	Sing
In both versions , Nora kills the pasha in a fair duel .	Sing
According to Pjetër Bogdani 's " Cuneus Prophetarum " , there were around 500 Kelmendi attacking the Ottoman army of 12,000 .	Sing
During the Third Reich Loos was a member of the Advisory Council ( Präsidialrat ) of the president of the Reichsfilmkammer .	Sing
Her heroism made her famous and was recorded in epic songs of Montenegrins and Albanians .	Sing
Chocolat Bonnat is a French chocolate manufacturer based in the small town of Voiron .	Sing
Koichi Akiyoshi , the legendary third baseman in the former prestigious grass baseball team " Peanuts " , will start to rebuild the Peanuts .	Sing
The third USS " Penguin " ( ASR – 12 ) was a submarine rescue ship in the United States Navy during World War II .	Sing
" Penguin " , a submarine rescue and salvage vessel reported for duty with SubRon 1 , at New London , Connecticut , 9 June 1944 .	Sing
" Penguin " , berthed at New London for four and a half years , recommissioned 3 April 1952 .	Sing
In 1961 , " Penguin " entered another first on her record .	Sing
O 'Kane was a tough defender who played for Bohemians during his career in the League of Ireland .	Sing
" Cue Ball Cat " is a 1950 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 54th episode in Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer 's original " Tom and Jerry " series .	Sing
" Cue Ball Cat " was the fifth and last in the series to focus on a particular sport .	Sing
Urso scored the game-winner taking a solo run at goal and converting a 15-yard bounce shot .	Sing
The Terps had encountered little resistance on their way to the title as they downed Brown 16-4 and Washington and Lee 18-7 in the first two rounds .	Plur
Like his opponent Saadia , Aaron was a Bible commentator , and parts of his commentary are extant in St. Petersburg .	Sing
Rafter Romance is an American 1933 pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and released by RKO Radio Pictures .	Sing
Merian C. Cooper accused RKO of not paying him all the money contractually due for the films he produced in the 1930s .	Sing
Filippo Maria Galletti ( 1636 – 1714 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in Tuscany , Parma , and Liguria .	Sing
The songwriting was mature and serious .	Sing
Shozo Saijo ( 西城 正三 , born January 28 , 1947 ) is a former professional boxer from Saitama , Japan .	Sing
Mathilda ( Til ) Brugman ( 16 September 1888 , Amsterdam – 24 July 1958 , Gouda ) was a Dutch author , poet and linguist .	Sing
Numerous small brooks cascade from the upper slopes .	Plur
The sharp col , referred to as Gusty Gap , between Giant Mountain and Rocky Peak Ridge is another attractive feature of the area .	Sing
Granada is a Colombian town and municipality in the Cundinamarca Department ..	Sing
Ilarion Ridge is a partly ice-free ridge of elevation 240 m situated in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island , Antarctica .	Sing
USS " Salute " may refer to :	Sing
This fascination for chemical reactions led us to the understanding of chemistry that we have today .	Sing
Humbert appealed his excommunication to Pope Alexander III , who reversed Humbert 's excommunication .	Sing
Walford later joined Watter , whose first album , for the label Temporary Residence , was released in 2014 .	Sing
Walford left Watter sometime after 2014 , only being credited as a guest on their 2017 release History of the Future .	Sing
Plevna " Plev " Ellis was an Irish association football player during the 1930s .	Sing
McMahan plays guitar on the song " Why I 'm So Unhappy " by Dntel .	Sing
The film company UFA was also interested , and produced a documentary in which Neumann-Neurode 's three toddler granddaughters participated .	Sing
In 1986 Mrs. von Kleist retired and her daughter Christiane von Kleist continued the program until 2008 .	Sing
Venecia ( ) , previously known as " Ospina Perez " is a Colombian town and municipality in the Cundinamarca Department .	Sing
Juno Temple has said " I can ’ t predict what people will feel when they see it , I just want them to feel something . "	Sing
While examining recorded protocols of communications in adults , Leary discovered that typical patterns of interaction existed .	Sing
Rohn left college after just one year and started his professional life by working as a human resource manager for department store Sears .	Sing
In 1955 , Rohn joined Shoaff 's direct selling business AbundaVita as a distributor .	Sing
In 1957 , Rohn resigned his distributorship with AbundaVita and joined Nutri-Bio , another direct selling company .	Sing
After this mentorship , Rohn built one of the largest organizations in the company .	Sing
Throughout the 1970s , Rohn conducted a number of seminars for Standard Oil .	Sing
Rohn mentored Mark R. Hughes ( the founder of Herbalife International ) and life strategist Tony Robbins in the late 1970s .	Sing
Rohn was the recipient of the 1985 National Speakers Association CPAE Award for excellence in speaking .	Sing
Zombie Chronicles is a 2001 horror film directed by Brad Sykes .	Sing
Triplett attended Miami University in Oxford , Ohio , where he played for the Miami Redskins football team under head coach John Pont .	Sing
Triplett spent five seasons with the Lions from 1968 to 1972 .	Sing
Gohar Gasparyan ( ; – ) also known as the " Armenian nightingale " , was an Armenian opera singer .	Sing
Gasparyan performed at the Yerevan Opera Theatre in 23 operas during her long career , as well as performing at concerts .	Sing
Gasparyan was a People 's Artist of the USSR , a Hero of Socialist Labour and a Mesrop Mashtots order-bearer .	Sing
Gohar Gasparyan died in Yerevan and is buried at Komitas Pantheon .	Sing
" Mixmag " ranked the song number 42 in its 100 Greatest Dance Singles Of All Time list in 1996 , adding :	Sing
The Avro Type 584 Avocet was a British single-engined naval fighter prototype , designed and built by Avro .	Sing
" Salute " participated with her division in most of the subsequent landings in the Philippines .	Sing
Salute " continued sweeping in Manila Bay through 18 February , and her division earned a Navy Unit Commendation for the operation .	Sing
USS " Salute " received 5 battle stars for her World War II service .	Sing
Avia also built two examples as airliners for Czechoslovakian Airlines as the F.IX D ( " Dopravni " - " transport " ) .	Sing
Ski touring and snowshoeing throughout the area , particularly the northeast sector , have been on the increase in recent years .	Sing
The current archbishop is Cardinal Rubén Salazar Gómez since 2010 .	Sing
The archdiocese is the metropolitan see of the Ecclesiastical Province of Bogotá , which includes six suffragan dioceses .	Sing
Prior to 2003 , when three new urban dioceses were created , the archdiocese included all of Bogotá .	Sing
The archdiocese has a total population of 4.4 million , of whom 3.8 million ( 86 % ) are Catholic .	Sing
The archdiocese also has chancellor , who heads the chancery , which is responsible for all archdiocesan records and publications .	Sing
iOS is equal to Windows in Sweden , or depending on the day iOS is more used .	Sing
iOS and Windows 10 are competing at 13 % .	Plur
And smartphones alone have showed majority since 23 December to the end of the year , with the share topping at 58.22 % on Christmas Day .	Plur
In South America , smartphones alone took majority from desktops on Christmas Day , but for a full-week-average , desktop is still at least at 58 % .	Plur
Two continents , have already crossed over to mobile-majority ( because of Android ) , based on StatCounters web use statistics .	Plur
In India , desktop went from majority , in July 2012 , down to 32 % .	Sing
Of Linux on System z , Red Hat and Micro Focus compete to sell RHEL and SLES respectively .	Sing
Heraclides Lembus ( , " Hērakleidēs Lembos " ) was an Ancient Greek statesman , historian and philosophical writer .	Sing
Heraclides was an Egyptian civil servant who lived during the reign of Ptolemy VI Philometor ( 2nd century BC ) .	Sing
His prime merit lies in the faithful transmission of otherwise lost sources ( e.g .	Sing
CSH gives students a social awareness that impels them to take action , and encourages the explorations of different faiths and ideas .	Sing
Miniatures began when Ewan McKerracher sculpted a figure to represent star player Icepelt Hammerblow for the game Blood Bowl for his own personal use .	Plur
Miniatures in the UK started on November 23 , 2005 .	Plur
On March 31 , 2011 , Ramsay McPherson sold his profit and voting rights for his partner share to Chris Adkerson and Tom Anders .	Sing
Miniatures was the first major miniatures company to offer an ability for amateur sculptors to sell their work under a lifetime commission basis with their Targeted Impact !	Plur
Miniatures licenses with Phil Bowen for the entire range of miniatures formally produced by the company Phigs Miniatures .	Plur
Christen Gran Bøgh , who died in 1955 , also played a major role in the festival 's first edition .	Sing
ICA Cristo Rey became the first all-girls school in the Cristo Rey Network on August 31 , 2009 .	Sing
Since Immaculate Conception is now a Cristo Rey School , it accepts only students who meet the low-family-income criteria .	Sing
Liechtenstein has only four railway stations on the Feldkirch-Buchs line :	Sing
Issa Traoré ( born September 9 , 1979 in Bamako ) is a retired Malian footballer who played for Persepolis and Pas .	Sing
The ICU 's carries specialist equipment to be able to effectively take control of all communications at the incident ground .	Sing
The clean-up lasted months and the brigades stayed on-site throughout working 24 / 7 .	Sing
Sacred Heart Preparatory is an independent , private , Society of the Sacred Heart-affiliated college preparatory school in Atherton , California , United States .	Sing
ASB focuses on spirit while the SEC works on the school 's policies .	Sing
SHP also has a Yearbook committee .	Sing
Sacred Heart Preparatory maintains a relationship with other Schools of the Sacred Heart around the world and across the United States .	Sing
Kelton is currently coaching baseball at Lagrange College in Georgia .	Sing
In 2003 , Hickson was one of three scientists to report on a hypothetical eruption at the Canadian volcano , Mount Cayley .	Sing
As noted above , Hickson has been very involved in increasing the understanding of the public in the natural world .	Sing
Salih Pasha may refer to :	Sing
Nora instead joined the Italia Conti school where she obtained her first real part as a child actress in Where the Rainbow Ends .	Sing
The WBCA has become a Laredo institution , with its history closely tied to the history of the community .	Sing
After the war , Marcks fought with the paramilitary Freikorps .	Sing
Marcks produced a report entitled " Operation Draft East " .	Sing
Marcks envisioned that the campaign , including the capture of Moscow and beyond , would require between nine and seventeen weeks to complete .	Sing
Throughout the war , Marcks commanded several division- and corps-sized units .	Plur
On some of the better soil , exceptionally large diameter hardwoods occur .	Plur
Silent Pool is a spring-fed lake at the foot of the North Downs , about east of Guildford in Surrey .	Sing
Sherbourne Pond lies mainly on Gault clay , while its northern end and the stream connecting the two ponds lies on Upper Greensand .	Sing
The gin has proved popular and the company are now expanding the site , which will include the provision of a larger ' still ' .	Sing
Tassos Gianakakos is a former Director of Business Development for Maxygen .	Sing
Cantwell walked on to the Louisville Cardinals football team prior to the 2005 season .	Sing
Cantwell stepped in and completed 3 of 5 passes for 66 yards , helping the Cardinals to a 41-17 victory .	Sing
In the 2006 Gator Bowl against Virginia Tech Hokies , Cantwell played well , throwing for 216 yards and 3 touchdowns .	Sing
Cantwell started the next two games for the Cardinals , both on the road , against Kansas State and Middle Tennessee State .	Sing
Against the Blue Raiders , Cantwell completed 17 of 32 passes for 340 yards and 3 touchdowns , leading the Cardinals to a 44-17 rout .	Sing
In 2007 , Cantwell played sparingly in a disappointing 6-6 season for the Cardinals .	Sing
After going undrafted in the 2009 NFL Draft , Cantwell signed a three-year contract with the Carolina Panthers .	Sing
USS " Bunting " may refer to :	Sing
Romero Santos retired in 1998 .	Sing
As it lacks maintained trails , all hikes within are bushwhacks .	Plur
André-Damien-Ferdinand Jullien , PSS ( October 25 , 1882 — January 11 , 1964 ) was a French Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .	Sing
Jullien died in Rome at age 81 .	Sing
Vickie Gates is a British actress who made her television acting debut in " Brookside " at the age of 16 .	Sing
A single scull is a rowing boat designed for a single person who propels the boat with two oars , one in each hand .	Sing
Recreational single sculls tend to be shorter and a little wider than racing boats and can have a slightly flattened hull shape to provide more stability .	Plur
The riggers in sculling apply the forces symmetrically to each side of the boat .	Plur
Ran Ben Shimon ( ; born 28 November 1970 ) is a former Israeli football player and the current head coach of the Cyprus national football team .	Sing
Avram Grant , who managed Hapoel Haifa was interested in Ben Shimon in order the strengthening their defense .	Sing
Haifa was hardly surprised as Luzon was the one who picked the arbitrator .	Sing
In Hapoel Haifa Ben Shimon became a leader , and then the captain in the 1999 League championship season guided under Eli Guttman .	Sing
Ben Shimon 's older brother Asi was also a footballer and they both played together in Maccabi Petah Tikva .	Sing
Berthold appears a fierce enemy of King Otto I of Germany and was blamed as a traitor at the 955 Battle of Lechfeld against the Hungarians .	Sing
Warsaw performed on the second night ; three months later they changed their name to Joy Division , which is how they are credited on the sleeve .	Sing
Mamadou Bakary " Blaise " Sangaré ( born 16 November 1954 ) is a Malian politician .	Sing
Sangaré ran as the CDS candidate in the April 2002 presidential election , finishing in eighth place with 2.21 % of the vote .	Sing
Past Hope in Shadows photographs can be viewed on Flickr via the Hope in Shadows website .	Sing
Bad Girls Road Trip is an American reality television series which aired on Oxygen from June 12 , 2007 , to July 24 , 2007 .	Sing
Pemba Doma Sherpa climbed Cho Oyu from the Tibetan side on 28 Sep 2005 .	Sing
Pemba Doma fell from an elevation of 8000 metres while descending Lhotse .	Sing
American Realism was a style in art , music and literature that depicted contemporary social realities and the lives and everyday activities of ordinary people .	Sing
His was a sympathetic rather than a comic portrayal of people , often using a dark background to add to the warmth of the person depicted .	Sing
Unlike Degas , Shinn depicted interaction between the audience and performer .	Sing
Sloan disliked propaganda , and in his drawings for " The Masses " , as in his paintings , he focused on the everyday lives of people .	Sing
W. C. Handy ( 1873 – 1958 ) was a blues composer and musician , often known as the " Father of the Blues " .	Sing
Handy was an educated musician who used folk material in his compositions .	Sing
Fort Gomer had a wet moat surrounding it and provision was made to further hinder the enemy by flooding the ground in front of the rampart .	Sing
Mortars were to be mounted on the central parade .	Plur
There are numerous spring-fed brooks , mostly on the north slopes of the area .	Plur
The leopard flounder or panther flounder ( Bothus pantherinus ) is a flatfish found in the Pacific and Indian Oceans .	Sing
Leopard flounders use color to camouflage themselves .	Plur
Other times the flounder turns an almost see-through color to avoid predators when swimming near the surface .	Sing
Leopard flounder is a benthic species living on the bottom of a sea .	Sing
Monday to Friday , four additional early morning rush-hour trains to Waterloo are routed via Twickenham and Richmond .	Sing
Three additional evening rush-hour trains from Waterloo arrive via that route .	Sing
Infamy and the Breed is the debut album by Swedish melodic death metal band , Zonaria .	Sing
CFCs are stable molecules composed of carbon , fluorine , and chlorine that were used prominently in products such as refrigerators .	Plur
Additionally , the COP utilizes the data assessed to suggest new policies aimed at limiting CFC emissions .	Sing
Currently , the COP meets every three years and coordinates with the timing of a similar meeting rendered under the Montreal Protocol .	Sing
Borge left TNT in December 2012 to pursue another project , but rejoined in late 2013 .	Sing
Borge started playing the bass when he was 8 years old .	Sing
Shaft have appeared on several compilations in New Zealand .	Sing
The brilliance of the colors fades somewhat once the animal dies .	Sing
The acute , reddish apex is minute .	Sing
Calhoun played college basketball for the University of Pennsylvania .	Sing
Calhoun played for the Phoenix Suns for 3 years before being traded to the Los Angeles Lakers .	Sing
Meanwhile , Hitomi hosts a birthday party , in which Deunan is happy to find Briareos attending now that he 's fully recovered .	Sing
Kestner commits suicide before the police arrive , making them think that Briareos killed him .	Sing
Poseidon assists the ESWAT officers in infiltrating the fortress where the Halcon signal is transmitting .	Sing
Prada was apparently already a fan of the first " Appleseed " movie , and she jumped at the chance to work on the second installment .	Sing
" Appleseed Ex Machina " received a mostly positive response .	Sing
In a " Washington Post " interview , writer Roxane Gay called " Pachinko " her favorite book of 2017 .	Sing
The dashboard consisted of a moulded cabinet ; gone was the Formica and wood of the earlier versions .	Sing
Stands of some of the best quality Adirondack hardwoods exist in the covelike pockets of the unburned area in the northeast .	Plur
The checkerboard wrasse ( " Halichoeres hortulanus " ) is a fish belonging to the wrasse family .	Sing
The checkerboard wrasse is a small sized fish that can reach a maximum length of .	Sing
The checkerboard wrasse has a white to greenish background coloration with blue to black on the edge of its scales , reminiscent of a checkerboard pattern .	Sing
In some places , a lady 's boudoir was a combination sleeping room and place to entertain small numbers of friends .	Sing
In others , the boudoir was an anteroom before her bedroom .	Sing
Crows ( " Corvus cornix " ) and the Faroese-Icelandic subspecies of raven ( " Corvus corax varius " ) are also very common around human habitation .	Sing
The " M. m. musculus " genetic component appears to derive from recent immigrant mice from Denmark .	Sing
The house mouse is present on the islands Mykines , Streymoy , Fugloy , Hestur , Nólsoy and Sandoy .	Sing
The wreck drifted to Hvalba in Suðuroy in May 1768 ; in 1769 , the rat had already established itself in Tórshavn .	Sing
Harbor porpoises are the most frequently sighted cetacea .	Plur
Naturally , there were no amphibians in the Faroe Islands .	Plur
This album sampler includes tracks from albums released in 1978-1985 while Joe Sample recorded with Blue Thumb and MCA recording companies .	Sing
Before moving to the United States , Verdier was a member of the Paris-based repertory companies of Jean-Louis Barrault / Madeleine Renaud and Nicolas Bataille .	Sing
" Heinie " was a popular nickname for German baseball players in the early part of the 20th century .	Sing
Still with Bernadotte , Morand joined the Army of Italy in January 1797 , which then left for Napoleon 's Egyptian campaign .	Sing
Morand returned to France in 1801 and was attached to the camp at Saint-Omer .	Sing
In October 1806 , Morand commanded his division at the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt , where he performed well and was injured in the arm .	Sing
Morand held a command in the I Corps and participated in the Napoleon 's Invasion of Russia , crossing the Niemen River in June 1812 .	Sing
Its founding co-editors were Robert Berwick , Thomas Roeper , and Kenneth Wexler .	Plur
Nellie Ball is a popularized offensive strategy in basketball developed by NBA head coach Don " Nellie " Nelson .	Sing
Nellie Ball has a fair share of critics , who claim that the strategy is fatally flawed .	Sing
Nellie Ball also tends to rely very little on basketball 's defensive fundamentals .	Sing
Due to extension works , Kasımpaşa played most of its home matches in the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in the 2007 – 2008 season .	Sing
The Drones are a punk rock band from Manchester , England .	Plur
In 1976 , The Drones made their debut at the Houldsworth Hall , Manchester with Generation X as support .	Plur
Lead singer and guitarist M.J. Drone ( aka Michael Howells ) died on 10 January 2013 .	Sing
Listing of those various artist compilation albums mentioned in the text of the main article :	Sing
There are mixed hardwood and softwood stands , primarily along brooks on the eastern slopes .	Sing
So much cursing took place that , according to Epperson , one minister said it would take a six-month revival meeting to make up for it .	Sing
Epperson and his wife Earlene owned WBRF in Galax , Virginia .	Sing
Streaming continued even after a significant increase in costs for royalties .	Sing
Thirteenth Lake has a small sand beach at the northern end that makes a very desirable spot for picnics , bathing and camping .	Sing
USS " Bunting " ( AMc-7 ) was a coastal minesweeper in the United States Navy .	Sing
While patrolling from Line Mile Rock to Point Diablo , " Bunting " collided with the patrol craft on 3 June 1942 and sank .	Sing
The appropriate TI depends on the tissue via the formula :	Sing
Pleistocene rewilding is the advocacy of the reintroduction of descendants of Pleistocene megafauna , or their close ecological equivalents .	Sing
Pleistocene rewilding could " serve as additional refugia to help preserve that evolutionary potential " of megafauna .	Sing
Reintroducing megafauna to North America could preserve current megafauna , while filling ecological niches that have been vacant since the Pleistocene .	Sing
However , to be successful , ecologists must first support fauna already present in the region .	Plur
The pronghorn , which is extant in most of the west after almost becoming extinct , is crucial to the revival of the ancient ecosystem .	Sing
The bison has made a recovery in many regions of its former range , and is involved in several local rewilding projects across the Midwestern United States .	Sing
Pleistocene rewilding suggests that the closest relatives of the North American species of camelid be reintroduced .	Sing
The main predator of guanacos and vicuñas is the cougar .	Sing
The mountain tapir would be an excellent choice for rewilding humid areas , such as those near lakes and rivers .	Sing
The mountain tapir is the only extant non-tropical species of tapir .	Sing
The mastodons all became extinct at the end of the Pleistocene era , as did the mammoths of North America .	Plur
The Asian elephant is possibly a good candidate for Pleistocene rewilding in North America .	Sing
The cheetah could serve as a substitute for " Miracinonyx " , keeping the population of pronghorns in check .	Sing
In 1995 , Tri-County Broadcasting sold WIFM to F.S.A .	Sing
Open Sesame is the first full-length album by Shaft .	Sing
Omura founded the data security company Cylink , which had an IPO in 1996 and was acquired by SafeNet in 2003 .	Sing
Hancock batted .302 in two seasons in the Cleveland organization before being dealt to the Red Sox in exchange for Jack Baker following the season .	Sing
Hancock spent all of at Pawtucket and hit .325 to win the International League batting title .	Sing
Hancock then batted .294 with a career-high 21 home runs at Pawtucket in , and was called up to the majors again late in September .	Sing
Hancock hit .273 with nine homers and 30 RBI in a career-high 101 games for the Athletics in 1983 .	Sing
Hancock was a longtime resident of Valrico , Florida , where he died in 2015 at the age of 61 .	Sing
HS Technik expanded to a two-car entry from round 5 ( Mugello ) onwards .	Sing
Though Götz finished in sixth place in the first race , neither he nor Summerton were eligible to score points .	Sing
Annfield Stadium was a football stadium in Stirling , Scotland .	Sing
Stirling Albion sold Annfield to Stirling Council in 1981 when it was on the verge bankruptcy .	Sing
The LRC replaced the former library , which became the offices of the Senior Management Team ( SMT ) .	Sing
The maze involved a series of environments and challenges for blind and partially sighted people .	Sing
Furthermore , the DCE , headed by Lamari , assisted Western intelligence services in the struggle against Al Qaeda long before the September 11 , 2001 attacks .	Sing
The Mindanao scops owl ( " Otus mirus " ) is an owl endemic to Mindanao , Philippines .	Sing
Dubuc was from a large family and was irregularly in school because of family responsibilities .	Sing
In January 1870 , Riel called on him to help with the new provisional government that had been established as part of the Red River Rebellion .	Sing
Dubuc died unexpectedly in Los Angeles on 7 January 1914 .	Sing
The Luzon scops owl ( " Otus longicornis " ) is an owl endemic to Luzon , Philippines .	Sing
Historically , it and the Amanian Gate to its north formed the most important route between the regions of Cilicia and Syria .	Sing
The Mindoro scops owl ( " Otus mindorensis " ) is an owl that is endemic to Mindoro , Philippines .	Sing
The Apps play home basketball games at the George M. Holmes Convocation Center which opened in 2000 to replace Varsity Gymnasium .	Plur
With the win Appalachian became the first ever FCS ( I-AA ) team to defeat an AP nationally ranked FBS ( I-A ) team .	Sing
The Apps won the Commissioner 's Cup 34 times , more than any other Southern Conference institution .	Plur
Yutaka Yaguchi ( born November 14 , 1932 ) is the Chief Instructor and Chairman of the International Shotokan Karate Federation ( ISKF ) Mountain States Region .	Sing
Yaguchi first arrived in the United States on June 5 , 1965 , and continues to reside in the US to the present day .	Sing
In 1974 , Yaguchi founded the ISKF of Colorado , the regional headquarters for the Mountain States Region .	Sing
One day in 1957 , Sensei Masatoshi Nakayama asked Mr. Yaguchi to quit his job and join the JKA Instructor Training program full time .	Sing
At the first JKA All-Japan Karate Championships in 1957 , Yutaka Yaguchi achieved the unfortunate distinction of being the first contestant to foul out .	Sing
In June 2007 , Okazaki made the decision to split away from the JKA .	Sing
" Stealing Kisses " is a song by recorded by American country music singer Faith Hill .	Sing
Ulus is a quarter in Ankara , Turkey and is located at the center of the capital city .	Sing
The Moluccan scops owl ( " Otus magicus " ) is an owl found in Indonesia ( Maluku and Lesser Sunda Islands ) .	Sing
Unlike spin-lattice relaxation , considering spin-spin relaxation using only a single isochromat is trivial and not informative .	Sing
Teradata acquired Britton Lee — renamed ShareBase — in June , 1990 .	Sing
Open-source RDBMS products , such as Ingres and PostgreSQL , reduce software-license costs and allow DW-appliance vendors to focus on optimization rather than providing basic database functionality .	Sing
Open-source Linux became a common operating system for DW appliances .	Sing
The Indianapolis Clowns were a professional baseball team in the Negro American League .	Plur
As the Negro Leagues declined in the late 1940s after the integration of Major League Baseball , the Clowns continued operations on barnstorming tours into the 1960s .	Plur
The Clowns continued to play exhibition games into the 1980s , but as a humorous sideshow rather than a competitive sport .	Plur
After many years of operation as a barnstorming team , the Clowns finally disbanded in 1989 .	Plur
The Clowns were the first professional baseball team to hire a female player to a long-term contract that was not voided soon after .	Plur
The following year the Clowns sold her contract to the Kansas City Monarchs .	Plur
USS " Gilmore " ( DE-18 ) was an " Evarts " -class short-hull	Sing
" Gilmore " conducted her initial training in San Diego , California .	Sing
For the next three months , " Gilmore " would serve as an escort between various Alaskan ports , until 20 January 1944 .	Sing
Near midnight of 25 April her radar picked up a surfaced submarine which dived .	Sing
" Gilmore " gained underwater sound contact , made two depth charge attacks , then regained contact at 0010 , 26 April .	Sing
" Gilmore " departed Dutch Harbor on 13 January 1945 for overhaul in the Mare Island Naval Shipyard until 4 March , then sailed for Hawaii .	Sing
" Gilmore " sailed for home on 12 October via Pearl Harbor to San Pedro , California , arriving on 27 October 1945 .	Sing
The Aviafiber Canard 2FL was a one-person recreational aircraft of highly unusual design , designed and built in Switzerland during the late 1970s and early 1980s .	Sing
Farner had previously designed a motor-glider using the 2FL concept as the Farner HF Colibri 1 SL , which first flew in 1979 .	Sing
The Sulawesi scops owl ( " Otus manadensis " ) is an owl found in Sulawesi , Indonesia .	Sing
An idea 's unpopularity does not make it true .	Sing
" The War Against Cliché " is a motley heap of literary judgments that nevertheless offers us a peek at the evolution of Martin Amis .	Sing
USS " Bunting " ( YMS-170 / AMS-3 / MHC-45 ) was a in the United States Navy during World War II .	Sing
On 20 August 1945 , the warship left the Caribbean on her way to duty on the Pacific coast .	Sing
In addition , the warship served periodically as a training platform for students at the Fleet Sonar School .	Sing
The minehunter remained inactive at Key West for a little more than two years .	Sing
CONCACAF held the draw on December 18 , 2007 to establish the matchups and bracket .	Sing
From 1940 to 1944 , Newell was an instructor , and then assistant professor of mathematics at the University of Maryland .	Sing
In this position , Newell worked with the National Academy of Sciences to identify which experiments would be flown on Vanguard satellites .	Sing
Newell retired from NASA in 1974 .	Sing
Newell died on July 18 , 1983 , leaving behind his wife , four children , eleven grandchildren , his books and a robust space science program .	Sing
The Sangihe scops owl ( " Otus collari " ) is an owl endemic to the island of Sangihe .	Sing
The Biak scops owl is an owl endemic to the twin islands of Biak-Supiori in Geelvink Bay , Papua ( formerly Irian Jaya ) , Indonesia .	Sing
However , the reproducing of Biak Scops Owls is unknown and is still in the process of studying .	Sing
Pinelli studied piano and guitar and was a musician with the Orchestra Palau .	Sing
Born in Montreal , Quebec , Gosselin played four years in the QMJHL .	Sing
Gosselin had a short NHL career playing only seven games for the New York Rangers in the 1977-1978 season .	Sing
Benoit Gosselin played for the New Haven Nighthawks , and the Sherbrooke Jets of the American Hockey League .	Sing
In Europe , Gosselin played for Caen , a French hockey team .	Sing
Darlington Raceway can seat up to 60,000 people .	Sing
The Simeulue scops owl ( " Otus umbra " ) is an owl endemic to the island of Simeulue , Indonesia .	Sing
Marilyn Monroe & Bonnie Raitt both attended Emerson .	Sing
The Enggano scops owl ( " Otus enganensis " ) is an owl endemic to Enggano Island , Indonesia .	Sing
Magnetic resonance imaging uses the resonance of the protons to generate images .	Sing
Fr Andrej Pulík served in rectory 43 years , from 1943 to 1986 , when he died in Žbince .	Sing
Rossall Hockey or RossHockey is a unique form of hockey played only at Rossall School , in Fleetwood , on the Fylde coast , Lancashire , England .	Sing
The rejections by the medical schools because of his religious heritage left an impression on Kaplan which would last a lifetime .	Plur
The Showroom is a versatile space that also opens onto a large terrace .	Sing
In 2018 , a rebrand took place and The Arts Centre Gold Coast became known as HOTA – Home of the Arts .	Sing
Stage 1b is the construction of a new Green Bridge to Chevron Island which will improve connectivity between the Gold Coast .	Sing
South Dakota Adventure is an educational television series about the state of South Dakota .	Sing
Montefeltrano II da Montefeltro ( died 1255 ) was an Italian condottiero , who was lord of Urbino from 1242 until his death .	Sing
617 Squadron Lancasters departed from RAF Woodhall Spa .	Sing
The Liberators departed Bardney just before the bombers , carrying McMullen , maintenance personnel and spare parts .	Plur
The Mosquito conducted a reconnaissance sortie over Kaafjord on the afternoon of 15 September , arriving at about 1 : 30pm GMT .	Sing
McMullen considered launching a second attack , but decided against doing so as only two Tallboys and one load of JW mines were available .	Sing
Nine other Lancasters departed on 17 September , followed by five the next day and two on 21 September .	Plur
The Mosquito , which had been damaged by anti-aircraft fire during a sortie over Kaafjord , returned once repairs were complete on 26 September .	Sing
The two Liberators were the final aircraft to depart , and flew out of Yagodnik carrying McMullen on 27 September .	Plur
Renowned architect Antonín Nechodoma located his residence in Monteflores and some residences designed by him are still in the area .	Sing
The Lancasters also carried two extra fuel tanks inside their fuselage : one taken from Vickers Wellington bombers and a type of drop tank used by Mosquitos .	Plur
If these criteria were not met , the aircrew were to not bomb .	Sing
Another Mosquito flew over the Tromsø area at midnight on 28 October , and reported that weather conditions remained clear .	Sing
A Mosquito conducted a photo reconnaissance flight over the Tromsø area at 12 : 10 pm GMT on 29 October .	Sing
There is a broad expanse of uncharted territory between the real knowledge work that occurs in an organization and the formal organizational structure and espoused practices .	Sing
When King died , Kleberg took over the management of the ranch in 1885 .	Sing
Operation Catechism was the last of nine attempts to sink or sabotage the Kriegsmarine battleship during the Second World War .	Sing
The Lancasters continued to Russia for refueling .	Plur
This extremely high praise came from a most discerning critic .	Sing
However the " Judas " came off well , with the usual line-up of Santley , Lloyd , Albani and Patey .	Sing
Richter considered he was the first tenor to do justice to the Preislied from " Meistersinger " .	Sing
Idan Schefler ( ; born January 1 , 1984 ) is an Israeli footballer from Shikun Vatikim Ramat Gan .	Sing
Introduction is the deliberate or accidental translocation of a species into the wild in areas where it does not occur naturally .	Sing
Of the 261 translocations in the United States reported wild species were most frequently translocated , and the greatest number occurred in the Southeast .	Plur
Species translocation can vary greatly across taxa .	Sing
Legge and his family moved to Colfax County , Nebraska in 1876 where his father went into the cattle business .	Sing
Legge worked with his father in farming and later tried his hand as a cowboy in Wyoming .	Sing
In 1891 , Legge went to work as a collector for the McCormick Harvesting Machine Company branch office in Omaha , Nebraska .	Sing
Standardization of farm implements was another major contribution he made during his tenure .	Sing
From July 1929 to March 1931 , Legge served as Chairman of the Federal Farm Board under President Herbert Hoover .	Sing
Legge married Katherine McMahon Hall in 1908 ; they had no children .	Sing
In 1923 Legge became very ill during an antitrust suit .	Sing
After his wife 's death , Legge took the of land and established the Katherine Legge Memorial .	Sing
Legge died on December 3 , 1933 .	Sing
" k " -space is a formalism widely used in magnetic resonance imaging introduced in 1979 by Likes and in 1983 by Ljunggren and Twieg .	Sing
In MRI physics , " k " -space is the 2D or 3D Fourier transform of the MR image measured .	Sing
Thus " k " -space holds " raw " data before " reconstruction " .	Sing
" k " -space is in spatial frequency domain .	Sing
In 1920 Kos was a volunteer for Poland in the Polish-Soviet War , which secured Poland 's independence .	Sing
Kos started learning his trade as a shoemaker when he was 14 years old , and retired in 1965 .	Sing
Before he married , as a bachelor , Kos bought a home in Sierakowice that he would live in for the rest of his life .	Sing
Kos died after several weeks of illness at the age of 106 , just a few days before Easter .	Sing
Downtown Puff is an album by Edmund Cake .	Sing
Modeling extinction thresholds can explain the relationship between extinction threshold and habitat loss and habitat fragmentation .	Plur
Maddison stood as a Lib – Lab candidate for Parliament on several occasions , first in Kingston upon Hull Central at the 1892 and 1895 general elections .	Sing
Overnight , the peso lost half of its value against the U.S. dollar .	Sing
Goldsmith also announced that his new 22-year-old wife , who had no prior seagoing experience , would be accompanying him as his " crew " .	Sing
The Goldsmiths moved northeastward along the Maritimes , heading for St. Johns .	Plur
Northwood currently provides the following JV and Varsity sports :	Sing
Northwood also has a year-round swim team , which has a unique tradition of being small .	Sing
One swimmer won the state 1A / 2A title for 100 Breaststroke and finished 3rd in the 50 Free .	Sing
In 2005 and 2006 the Northwood High School Cheerleading Squad took home the State Championship title in the small Co-Ed division .	Sing
Northwood currently has around 35 clubs , such as FBLA , FCCLA , DECA , FFA , weight-lifting , and a Minecraft Club .	Sing
Northwood fielded a Science Olympiad team in the spring of 2010 winning multiple 1st , 2nd , and 5th place medals at the Regional competition at UNC-Greensboro .	Sing
McWilliams , Maddock and Wilton each took on a part of that name as their own stage name .	Sing
The RPA measured temperature , density and characteristics of electrons in the Earth 's ionosphere .	Sing
Key attended Edison High School in San Antonio , Texas .	Plur
In the Hub City Relays in Alice , Texas , in 1963 , Key placed fifth in the discus .	Plur
In the Texas Relays in April 1968 , Key placed third in the shot put with .	Plur
Rondeau claimed , in his letter of resignation , that he believed it was " the correct thing to do " and denied any involvement .	Sing
Gypsy sauce ( German : Zigeunersauce ) may have originated from à la zingara .	Sing
Gypsy sauce is a sauce or demi-glace sauce used as an ingredient in dishes and as a condiment .	Sing
Kian Tajbakhsh ( , born January 25 , 1962 ) is an Iranian-American scholar , social scientist , and urban planner .	Sing
In 1963 , the NER merged with Kintetsu .	Sing
Philbin holds a bachelor 's degree from Yale University ( 1989 ) , a J.D .	Sing
Philbin wrote a note in the " Harvard Law Review " regarding the specialty requirement in the medieval action of covenant .	Sing
Meanwhile , Asenath , daughter of the high priest Potiphera , falls in love with the young Joseph .	Sing
Dean Wallis ( born 27 August 1969 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Essendon Football Club of the AFL .	Plur
Originally from Nhill , due to his physical style of play Wallis became known as one of the leagues toughest players .	Sing
In 2003 and 2004 Wallis was an assistant coach to Grant Thomas at St.Kilda before again returning to Windy hill to take up an assistant coaching role .	Sing
The bold and " italic " numbers represent the highest and the lowest scores , which was cancelled from the final score .	Sing
In 1863 Victor Guérin visited .	Sing
Two or three broken gravestones remain in the adjoining Muslim cemetery , which now serves as a dump for " yard trash only . "	Plur
From December , Gemma Pranita began appearing as established character Sonya Mitchell 's younger sister , Jade .	Sing
Candace Carey , played by Sheona Urquhart , made her first screen appearance on 5 February 2010 .	Sing
Candace is a dancer who competes with Kate Ramsay ( Ashleigh Brewer ) for the lead in Terry Kearney 's ( Peter Moon ) show .	Sing
Candace tells her that she has got a new dance job at a club and takes a phone call about it in front of Kate .	Sing
Candace comes to Charlie 's to warn Kate not to turn up for the job , but Kate refuses to listen .	Sing
Candace also tells her that she knows what Kate did for her .	Sing
However , Candace turns up at the Kennedys ' house to teach the children and she tells Kate that she enjoyed herself .	Sing
Candace is surprised to see Declan and they later share a drink together .	Sing
Declan tells her that he and Kate split up and she asks if he wants to go get some air .	Sing
Perth-born actor Jadu auditioned for the role of Doug after being contacted by casting director , Lou Mitchell .	Sing
Insiders say that as well as butting heads with Dr Karl Kennedy , Doug will also enjoy a romance with a local lass " .	Plur
Jadu stated that Doug may appear to be abrupt , but when he is under pressure , he does all he can to look after his patients .	Sing
Jadu suspected that they both admire each other 's talent .	Sing
Libby confronts him , but he tells her she waited too long .	Sing
Libby retaliates by taking a cupcake that Doug was going to buy at Harold 's Store .	Sing
Days later , Libby runs into Doug and Jodie Smith ( Mary Annegeline ) and initially believes they are out on a date .	Sing
Libby berates Doug for his actions .	Sing
Libby and Doug go to Charlie 's for dinner and Lucas Fitzgerald ( Scott Major ) and Michael Williams ( Sandy Winton ) join them .	Sing
Libby feels humiliated and tells Doug to leave , saying she does not want him back .	Sing
Libby takes Steph to see Doug about getting treatment for depression .	Sing
Donna then sends letters to both men asking if they could be her father .	Sing
Donna goes to his restaurant and calling herself Kelly , asks him for a job .	Sing
Donna then tells him that she might be his daughter .	Sing
Donna gets the results of the test back and reveals that Nick is her father .	Sing
Donna and Ringo ask them to be nice and when Donna goes to see Prue , she discovers Nick in Prue 's hotel room .	Sing
Donna asks her father to help her take over Charlie 's while Rebecca spends her time at the hospital with Paul .	Sing
Commercial and private sellers of any kind of agro-product or service can therefore publicise and sell to the growing 3.9 million unique annual visitors .	Plur
" Waterbirds " in particular received stellar reviews .	Plur
The dressings were from quarries at Cromford , Coxbench and Duffield , Derbyshire .	Plur
In the replay the " Gunners " won 2 – 0 at Villa Park .	Plur
The Notebooks of Memory is the third documentary film in a trilogy by Anne Aghion examining the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide .	Plur
The Diecast Car Collectors Zone https : / / www.diecast.org / is an online community of scale model car collectors .	Plur
Frequent D-series trains on the Yichang-Wuhan route ; some trains continue east to Shanghai .	Plur
Eleven Modern Antiquities is the fourth studio album by Irish pop band Pugwash .	Plur
Petitions followed and the demands were met , partly for strategic reasons and the lack of available shipping .	Plur
Both steroids also halted the decline in muscarinic acetylcholine receptors ( mAChRs ) in animal models of Alzheimer 's disease .	Plur
The firm 's CEOs have been Lydia Thomas ( 1996-2007 ) and Amr ElSawy ( 2007 – Present ) .	Plur
In 2000 , four-fifths of the workforce worked outside the community .	Plur
The Grizzlies moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 2001 , but the Raptors continue to draw healthy crowds at the Air Canada Centre .	Plur
The Panchayats are officially supposed to be non-partisan and Panchayat elected representatives thereby , do not fit into the bracket of mainstream politics .	Plur
Rocio viral encephalitis is an epidemic flaviviral disease of humans first observed in São Paulo State , Brazil , in 1975 .	Plur
Mels remains optimistic to raising the child anyway , but does not tell the others about its origins .	Plur
The marchers crossed the bridge again on March 21 and successfully walked to the Capitol building .	Plur
The uppersides of the wings are metallic blue , with a reddish basal area and broad white bands crossing the forewings .	Plur
The undersides are similar to the uppersides .	Plur
Pécs hosted the event at the Lauber Dezső Sportcsarnok .	Plur
The other three unreleased instrumentals are versions of Dilla 's productions for Mos Def , Q-Tip and Busta Rhymes .	Plur
And the " over 25s " were still the same as season 1 .	Plur
Fantasies is a 1981 R-rated English language drama film produced in Germany .	Plur
In 2008 , Elsey completed his book " Almost Isn ’ t Good Enough " , which encompasses his experience with nonprofit organizations .	Plur
In April 2013 , Elsey founded Funds2Orgs , a social enterprise that helps nonprofits , schools , churches , and civic groups raise funds .	Plur
In Sierra Leone interpreters joined the expedition .	Plur
Burges 's re-modelling used " twin pointed bays under a single Gothic relieving arch and gable " .	Plur
In contrast to hip boots , waders are waterproof boots that extend from the foot to the chest .	Plur
Lomas had already announced his intention to leave the series and Joel played a role in Warren 's departure storyline .	Plur
Sentai Filmworks have licensed the series in North America .	Plur
The Trunks also received praise from Thrillist , AWSM.com , Surfboard Shack , and TRND Collective .	Plur
JPS remain at fourth level .	Plur
The ED tendons are more complex in their course .	Plur
Henry Antes emigrated with his father 's family to Pennsylvania Colony about 1720 , and built a paper mill on the Wissahickon near Philadelphia .	Plur
Antes was one of the founders of Bethlehem , PA .	Plur
Antes became the chief architect and builder for the Moravian Church having been involved in nearly all of the building activity in the various Moravian settlements .	Plur
Subu faints and Kulasekharam takes her to the hospital .	Plur
Aravindan 's family asks for Sharu as Sharu refuses to go there .	Plur
Her elder son Dénes entered into a misalliance with Franciska Hablawetz from a Viennese bourgeois family in 1866 in Pisa .	Plur
Dénes regained his original birthright .	Plur
Six drownings occurred in the suburb of Quezon City , where 1,000 families were evacuated , 700 to churches and 300 to schools .	Plur
JPS remain at fourth level .	Plur
KPS remain at fourth level .	Plur
These environs were teeming with wildlife , and he spent his youth catching an abundance of snakes , insects and other little animals .	Plur
The nine Do 17s were to head across the Channel and make landfall at Beachy Head .	Plur
Both the Do 17s and Ju 88s of the III . / KG 76 encountered flak as they crossed Dover .	Plur
Three Do 17s were heading towards him , climbing slowly .	Plur
JG 3 's Bf 109s had been flying extended cover for the 12 Ju 88s and 27 Do 17s of KG 76 .	Plur
ZG 26 's Bf 110s were flying near the formation , and tried to offer JG 3 support by intercepting Crossley 's fighters but failed .	Plur
This time , the Bf 110s succeeded in getting in between the bombers and 32 Squadron .	Plur
The Bf 109s led by Hannes Trautloft had a difficult job of defending the Ju 88s .	Plur
A further three Bf 109s were 60 , 70 and 80 percent damaged .	Plur
The Bf 109s would not take off for some time .	Plur
By this time , some 15 miles off the Isle of Wight , the Bf 109s had caught up and were now zigzagging around the dive-bombers .	Plur
Usually the Ju 87s attacked in line astern , but Bode chose to attack in groups of three to split the anti-aircraft fire .	Plur
Siegel 's Ju 87s , with no air opposition , swooped onto their targets causing large-scale damage .	Plur
The Bf 109s soon came under attack themselves and could not assist the dive-bombers effectively .	Plur
Still , some Ju 87s made attacks .	Plur
The He 111s were to cross over at Foulness , the Dorniers at Deal .	Plur
The escorting Bf 109s counter-attacked , shooting down two No .	Plur
The laurels for the day ’ s action went to the defenders .	Plur
Pampas may also refer to :	Plur
Deep Cuts , Volume 1 ( 1973 – 1976 ) is a compilation of Queen tracks between 1973 and 1976 .	Plur
Unlike other compilations released by Queen , " Deep Cuts " contains songs which are largely not as well known as Queen 's hits .	Plur
For example , if then so divides ( as and are coprime ) so ( as unless is constant ) .	Plur
The newly formed " trans " -dihydrocinnamic acid undergoes a photochemical isomerization to a " cis " isomer which spontaneously lactonizes to yield umbeliferone .	Plur
However , only 2 days before the event , Scoggins announced he was not going to make the contracted weight .	Plur
The dentists and staff at Hopewell Dental Care are all graduates of The Ohio State University .	Plur
Lefferts was the oldest child of Sarah Cowenhoven ( 1775-1856 ) and John L. Lefferts ( 1763-1812 ) , brother of Leffert Lefferts .	Plur
In November 1843 , Lefferts sold the property to his sister , Sarah Lefferts Millard ( 1805-1849 ) , and brother-in-law , A. Orville Millard ( b .	Plur
DuMont Laboratories in Passaic , developed early sets and made the first broadcast to the private home .	Plur
The nearness of a foreign military sometimes constrained a master in a slave sale that otherwise would have divided a family .	Plur
In the past , İzmir had the second largest tram system in Turkey .	Plur
Bashkirs comprise 2 % of the population .	Plur
Some appropriations last for more than one year ( see Appropriation bill for details ) .	Plur
In addition , emergency supplemental appropriations are not subject to the same budget enforcement mechanisms imposed on regular appropriations .	Plur
Among the better-known visual portrayals of Cocea is a 1928 ink drawing by Marcel Janco .	Plur
Bagshawe died at the age of 64 and was buried at St Margaret 's , Wormhill .	Plur
Bagshawe married Caroline Ameila Cloyne and had two daughters .	Plur
As of February 2015 , there had been 1240 demolitions within the four avenues since the September 2010 earthquakes .	Plur
the judgements have mostly been in favour of the Church , with one more judgement pending .	Plur
Hours later , Cortese gave the fatal order :	Plur
Favourite Fears is the debut album by New Zealand band The Earlybirds .	Plur
Chronicles of Ynis Aielle is a fantasy trilogy by American author R. A. Salvatore , published between 1990 and 2000 .	Plur
The road jogs back east , providing access to many homes in the area , before intersecting Daisy Mountain Drive , which also connects back to I-17 .	Plur
Later the Pratts purchased a sprawling home in Highlands , New Jersey , with over thirty rooms , nicknaming it the Ipsy-Wipsy Institute .	Plur
On top of all that , there were serious gaffes in the plotline that filled the story with holes the size of craters .	Plur
The Wombats Proudly Present This Modern Glitch is the second studio album by British rock band The Wombats .	Plur
Collins Barracks itself remained in the control of the Irish Army , with the prison facility serviced with separate access via Rathmore Road .	Plur
Most female quetzals have no ornamentation and are drab .	Plur
Male peacocks spread and shake their tails to attract and impress potential mates .	Plur
Ornaments that play a role in reproduction develop under the influence of two series of genes .	Plur
The refractive indices are N = 1.592 and N = 1.615 .	Plur
Prospectively , for post-1924 conveyances , § 17 of the act provided :	Plur
Many sub-assemblies are interchangeable between the two types , while components of those sub-assemblies may not be compatible .	Plur
Many importers participate in a voluntary self-assessment program with CBP .	Plur
Among the best known couriers in the project was cyclist and eventual Tour de France champion Gino Bartali .	Plur
Zygoballus rufipes , commonly called the hammerjawed jumper , is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States , Canada , and Central America .	Plur
Diamandis told " The Sun " : " That track is a sarcastic and cynical take on everything that 's commercial about America .	Plur
At 2 A.M. on December 4 , 1898 bystanders on Broadway watched as another floor of the burnt out Rogers Peet Building collapsed and fell .	Plur
At last " « Portraits dansés , Enfants du Monde » " ( 2006 ) and « Portraits dansés l ’ Europe à Paris » ( 2008 )	Plur
The Malibu Safaris include activities such as a public easement potluck , a lateral easement hike , a sign-watching activity and a no kill access way hunt .	Plur
On 21 March 1918 , Sellars shot down and killed the German ace Ludwig Hanstein .	Plur
AntiViral-HyperActivation Limiting Therapeutics ( AV-HALTs ) are an investigational class of antiretroviral drugs used to treat Human Immunodeficiency Virus ( HIV ) infection .	Plur
AntiViral-HyperActivation Limiting Therapeutics come in two forms :	Plur
The fronds of " tenuis " are broader , with generally alternate pinnae , while " tennesseensis " is narrower , with generally opposite pinnae .	Plur
The spacious soundscapes hint of different places around the world including India , Tibet , Native American and Japan .	Plur
The deepest truths do not excuse or justify our failures and betrayals as human beings .	Plur
The pinnae are linear and entire .	Plur
After many ownerships , mergers and name changes the paper became the " Birmingham Post-Herald " in 1950 .	Plur
The Washington Mystics won 3 – 1 in the regular-season series :	Plur
Pickles then assisted Gálvez in the Battle of Fort Charlotte , which resulted in the capture of Mobile , before sailing her to Philadelphia for sale .	Plur
Chronic periodontitis is prevalent in adults and seniors worldwide .	Plur
Chronic periodontitis is one of the seven destructive periodontal diseases as listed in the 1999 classification .	Plur
In the early stages , chronic periodontitis has few symptoms and in many individuals the disease has progressed significantly before they seek treatment .	Plur
In response to endotoxin derived from periodontal pathogens , several osteoclast-related mediators target the destruction of alveolar bone and supporting connective tissue such as the periodontal ligament .	Plur
His atrocities also included abuse of his wife Sophia .	Plur
The nightmares soon gather into a giant nightmare , which turns its attention towards the fairy .	Plur
With the power of Solcieel 's song and the Miracle Lights , the Cures combine forces and manage to defeat Trauuma .	Plur
The counterclaims charged eBay with monopolization , attempted monopolization , unfair business practices and interference with contractual relations .	Plur
The Marionettes Chorale of Trinidad and Tobago is one of the oldest performing arts organisations in the Caribbean .	Plur
DCs in healthy peripheral tissues ( steady state ) are in an immature state .	Plur
Macrophages in the pulp become activated after receiving two signals .	Plur
Macrophages are professional phagocytes in innate immune responses .	Plur
The inflammatory mediators act on specific receptors relating to nociceptive neurons , leading to the production of second messengers and activation of phospholipases and protein kinases .	Plur
Other peptides include cGRP , galanin , somatostatin , and neurokinin A-B .	Plur
As caries invades dentin , the number of permeable dentinal tubules correlates with the degree of pain .	Plur
MacArthur received his Bachelor 's degree in mathematics from Marlboro College , followed by a Master 's degree in mathematics from Brown University in 1953 .	Plur
From 1957 to 1958 , MacArthur worked as a postdoc with David Lack .	Plur
SLS hold regular Scottish events including SLS Conference in November and SLS Council in February .	Plur
In addition to this , for the first time in 2007 / 08 SLS ran its own issue-based priority campaign .	Plur
Peres subsequently wrote a letter of protest to Prime Minister Menachem Begin , and the operation was delayed for a month .	Plur
Some currencies use the " cifrão " ( ) , similar to the dollar sign , but always with two strokes :	Plur
There are also moored Chinese junks ( " tongkangs " ) that have been refurbished into floating pubs and restaurants .	Plur
As early as 1822 , Sir Stamford Raffles had already designated the area south of the river to be developed as a Chinese settlement .	Plur
Some speleothems are even partially luminescent and give off light for a brief period after exposure to another light .	Plur
Calcareous shales from the Canberra Formation is overlain by Quaternary alluvium .	Plur
Fears of both longitudinal dangers to the environment and immediate disasters creating radioactive wastelands turned the public against this new technology .	Plur
These heuristics are usually useful shortcuts for thinking , but they may lead to inaccurate judgments in some situations – in which case they become cognitive biases .	Plur
A dread risk elicits visceral feelings of terror , uncontrollable , catastrophe , inequality , and uncontrolled .	Plur
Guiche piercings are much more common in men than in women .	Plur
The agglomerations of these cities are the most populous areas .	Plur
Localities along the language border usually use both names , the German and the French one , officially interchangeable .	Plur
The three medallists from the 2500 metre steeplechase also competed in the 4000 .	Plur
On the Freßgass the bankers and office workers from the nearby office blocks often have lunch .	Plur
Bernese German obstruents occur in pairs , as in other Alemannic varieties .	Plur
The American vaulters did not learn of that decision until after the event .	Plur
The liens were then allegedly sold to generate equity to fund an effort to make a " firm offer to pay off the national debt . "	Plur
August 2007 : " The Blossoms are Falling " , based in Heian-era Japan .	Plur
Distances for most of the competitors are unknown , as are placings after sixth .	Plur
Firearms are present , but are somewhat uncommon .	Plur
Several tombstones in the cemetery are government-issue military headstones , honoring several Sisters of Providence who served in military hospitals during the Civil War .	Plur
Lovers Prayers is the seventh and most recent studio album by American indie rock band Ida , released in 2008 on Tiger Style Records .	Plur
Conservatories are the most individual and popular type of music school .	Plur
Conservatories completely focus on music and do not specialize in anything else .	Plur
Notable Classical conservatories in the United States are :	Plur
Ten Small Paces is the third studio album by American indie rock duo Ida , released in 1997 on Simple Machines Records .	Plur
Local oscillator tolerances and lack of time synchronization between the nodes will result in minor time frames drifting away from each other .	Plur
Compounds of the type C ( AuL ) are isolobal with methane and those of type C ( AuL ) isolobal with the methanium ion .	Plur
Both indexes measure the quality of Spanish publishers ( Taken from : http : / / www.cepc.gob.es / publicaciones / libros	Plur
For his Paris company the cheques go to ' Claude Debussy ' ; his cheques to Italy go to ' Gioachino Rossini ' , both famous composers .	Plur
The Remparts filed a police complaint over the hit .	Plur
BBC Presenter Jenny Eells praised ' Rioters Queue Here ' and their live show having seen them perform at the Beat-Herder Festival .	Plur
Hopps researched all the available comic books he had that featured Green Goblin in order to prepare his penning of the episode 's teleplay .	Plur
A Spanish privateer had captured them off Sicilly , but " Capelin " had retaken them .	Plur
Thalys operates on the LGV Nord since 1996 , with services from Paris-Nord and Lille-Europe to Belgium , the Netherlands and Germany .	Plur
Paleo-Indians practiced plant husbandry and hunted game in the Santa Cruz River Valley from 10,000 B.C .	Plur
Robles made his first league appearance on 17 March 2013 , starting in a 2 – 1 home victory against Newcastle United .	Plur
International geopolitics played a significant role in the state human rights in Pakistan during this time .	Plur
Suwon Samsung Bluewings won the 1999 K League by the aggregate score of 4-2 .	Plur
Theodore insists they were born on the 12th , Alvin insists it was the 15th , and Simon insists that it was the 18th .	Plur
Over 10 Rolls-Royce limousines trailed the horse-drawn carriage that carried his body .	Plur
Spread bettors predicted Virginia Tech would win the game .	Plur
Lowlands have acidic peaty soil with a low fertility .	Plur
There are no native reptiles or amphibians on the islands .	Plur
The dense canopies formed create an insulated micro-climate suitable for many birds and invertebrates .	Plur
ties with other business schools and universities , 14 % of its Summer School ’ s enrollments are international students .	Plur
Guest lecturers at ZŠEM have included marketing expert Philip Kotler , Indian microfinance entrepreneur Vijay Mahajan , presentation and communication expert Jerry Weissman , among others .	Plur
Four palms of excellence ranking makes it the top business school with significant international influence .	Plur
At one point the vigilantes assembled a force of over 500 men and sealed off Virginia City in order to catch gang members .	Plur
Advancements in GIS technology fuelled the growth of Esri Canada .	Plur
" Haters " is the second single from Tony Yayo 's second studio album .	Plur
After many ups and downs , Blanca and Cesar finally admit they are in love with each other .	Plur
Heavy cast sole plate saws are somewhat better than pressed steel for sawing line control too .	Plur
Bales , who received the land from Owsley , leased the acreage to John Nichols and Jim Nelson , who mostly used the property for livestock .	Plur
Previous to 1926 , ERPs exist up to several months after announced availability dates .	Plur
Coming out of a long stasis , the Rescue Bots learned what became of Cybertron and that they are one of the only Rescue Bot teams remaining .	Plur
The Attackers have to capture all of the Defenders Control Points within ten minutes .	Plur
In atrial fibrillation , multiple impulses travel through the atria at the same time .	Plur
These irregular impulses reach the AV node in rapid succession , but not all of them make it past the AV node .	Plur
French Impressionists popularized the use of colored shadows , which went against the artistic convention of portraying shadows by darkening and desaturating the color .	Plur
The Large-Scale Earthquake Countermeasures Act is a Japanese law that was passed in June 1978 and came into effect in December 1978 .	Plur
In 1976 , 359 Ugandans arrived , and 241 came in 1977 .	Plur
Also , many Ugandans immigrate for better educational opportunities .	Plur
Ugandans who want to work in rural areas or in public practice do not usually migrate .	Plur
Some newly arrived Ugandans receive assistance from Catholic Social Services and other humanitarian relief agencies .	Plur
Ugandans tend to establish single-family homes where children learn reverence for God and their family .	Plur
However , Orontes stayed loyal to king Artaxerxes II and aided in the collapse of the rebellion .	Plur
" Convoys in World War I	Plur
Because of the decentralised nature of the convoy system , the RNAS had no say in the composition or use of air escorts .	Plur
In 2007 , the IOC awarded Veitu Apana Diro , the Vice-President of the NOC of Papua New , the Trophy for Oceania .	Plur
After rallying to Napoleon during the Hundred Days , the Bourbons dismissed him from the army .	Plur
CRS will seek to replace monetization with cash funding to cover program costs . ”	Plur
In addition , some artificial dielectrics may consist of irregular lattices , random mixtures , or a non-uniform concentration of particles .	Plur
Artificial dielectrics came into use with the radar microwave technologies developed between the 1940s and 1970s .	Plur
The term " artificial dielectrics " came into use because these are macroscopic analogues of naturally occurring dielectrics .	Plur
Artificial dielectrics are a direct historical link to metamaterials .	Plur
Natural dielectrics , or natural materials , are a model for artificial dielectrics .	Plur
The scatters responded to an electromagnetic field like atoms and molecules in natural materials , and the media behaved much like dielectrics with an effective media response .	Plur
Artificial dielectrics are a direct historical link to metamaterials .	Plur
Some Zionists , whose movement had grown tremendously in popularity among German Jews since Hitler came to power , co-operated .	Plur
Guarantees will then adds minor values , yet still take time and money costs to design , implement and manage .	Plur
The followings are the large rooftop installation projects with the main purpose of using the generated electricity as the supplemental power .	Plur
In the episode , the Trotters meet a pregnant German girl and invite her to stay at the flat .	Plur
In the mid-1970s , Blanco and her second husband Alberto Bravo immigrated to the US settling in Queens , New York .	Plur
Gales was long the sole reporter on the U.S. Senate .	Plur
At the beginning of season two , Hodgins became obviously interested in her , and pursued her more openly .	Plur
After a few episodes of palpable sexual tension , Hodgins finally asked Angela on a date in the episode " The Girl with the Curl " .	Plur
Tiger kidnappings have occurred in several jurisdictions , but are more common in the United Kingdom , Ireland , and Belgium .	Plur
Some Casals has survived in their home country Portugal , but also for example in Sweden , where the Swedish type K190 is quite common with collectors .	Plur
Pareles concluded that the track 's " pulsating guitar arrangement " were those similar to rock band U2 .	Plur
The guarantors of this treaty were the King of France , Louis XIII , and the Swiss Confederation .	Plur
The mouthparts are of the sucking type with the labrum ( proboscis ) very short and with a fleshy apex , and one- or two-segmented maxillary palps .	Plur
The FES kept its own conference center on the Venusberg in Bonn for these activities until its closure in 2009 .	Plur
The FES maintains a website ( www.fes-stip.de ) for networking among grantees , which includes a wide variety of mailing lists , services , and communications tools .	Plur
The tree commences flowering aged nine years .	Plur
Philipps will now serve the remainder of his original sentence .	Plur
Missourians passed proposition A with a large margin – 68.4 % YES / 31.6 % NO ( 1,294,911 YES votes to 598,010 NO votes ) .	Plur
Clan septs refer to clans or families who were under the protection of a more powerful clan or family .	Plur
The Lilies of the Valley Egg is a jewelled Fabergé egg made under the supervision of the Russian jeweller Peter Carl Fabergé in 1898 by Fabergé ateliers .	Plur
The Shambles is an American power pop and rock group from San Diego , California .	Plur
These catechisms deserved the approval of Toribio de Mogrovejo .	Plur
Regional distributions of these features include Japan , Korea , Australia , Western Europe and US .	Plur
Regional distributions of this generation of mobile social networks include Japan , Korea , Western Europe , and North America .	Plur
iPhones have transformed the mobile social network market , and today there is numerous mobile development for social network apps .	Plur
Cables from the organisers to the carriers of the EMC resulted in the machine being delayed on its journey to Argentina .	Plur
The Lumières philosophy saw its climax in the middle of the 18th century .	Plur
Worldly and cultured , the " grandes dames " who set up these salons enlivened the " soirées " , encouraging the timid and cutting short arguments .	Plur
Commoners represented the other 43 % .	Plur
In early stages of keratoconus , glasses or soft contact lenses can suffice to correct for the mild astigmatism .	Plur
Tyres were 225 / 50VR15 Pirelli Cinturato P7 units in both the front and rear .	Plur
Traffic roundabouts have a generally favorable safety record yet often make drivers nervous .	Plur
Traditional Chinese wheelbarrows , however , had a central wheel supporting the whole load .	Plur
As of the 1960s , traditional wheelbarrows in China were still in wide use .	Plur
Power assisted wheelbarrows are now widely available from a number of different manufacturers .	Plur
The colonizers built a road through the Brenner to Castra Regina , and one running east-west road from Iuvavum to Augusta Vindelicum .	Plur
Together the two batsmen weathered the storm .	Plur
His last limited-overs international match was his debut T20I match ; he announced his retirement before playing his first T20I match .	Plur
The ALS , despite its simplicity , succeeded in effectively restraining congestion in the RZ for more than 20 years .	Plur
Most Algonquins live in Quebec .	Plur
Many Algonquins still speak the Algonquin language , called generally ' or specifically ' .	Plur
Traditionally , the Algonquins lived in either birch bark or wooden " mìkiwàms " .	Plur
Today Algonquins live in housings like those of the general public .	Plur
Traditionally , the Algonquins were practitioners of " Midewiwin " ( the right path ) .	Plur
In the earliest oral history , the Algonquins say they migrated from the Atlantic coast .	Plur
In 1570 , the Algonquins formed an alliance with the Montagnais to the east , whose territory extended to the ocean .	Plur
Fighting on behalf of the British Crown , the Algonquins took part in the Barry St Leger campaign during the American Revolutionary War .	Plur
The Algonquins never relinquished title to this area .	Plur
These citadels , which exhibited Greek military architecture , coupled with the presence of Burebista and his armed forces , served to secure the Dacian people internally .	Plur
Officially , there have been 73 Governors of Virginia ; the Acting Governors are not counted .	Plur
Spectators enter the stadium through the restored " train shed " building , which was formerly the Brinly-Hardy Co. warehouse .	Plur
Dental hygienists must receive additional theoretical and clinical training on the use of lasers , where legislation permits .	Plur
The Boltons were related to Reginald Bolton , a noted historian of northern Manhattan .	Plur
The New World porcupines , family Erethizontidae , are large arboreal rodents , distinguished by their spiny coverings from which they take their name .	Plur
The tree porcupines ( " Coendou " ) contain 16 species .	Plur
Only a few gliders missed the landing-zone , due to the poor weather and errors in navigation .	Plur
The gliders arrived at their landing-zone , coming under heavy small-arms and mortar fire from nearby German positions as they landed .	Plur
The C-47s could not fly in a tight formation because of thick cloud cover , and many paratroopers were dropped far from their intended landing zones .	Plur
Clearances at the reliability status and secret levels are valid for 10 years , whereas top secret is valid for 5 years .	Plur
The two semi-defensive minefields , referred to above , were intended primarily to counter any movement of enemy heavier forces from the east .	Plur
Other caterers include the Edwinstowe Bistro Restaurant , the Cottage Tea Rooms , and Launay 's Restaurant .	Plur
As of January 2009 , the two rovers had collectively sent back 250,000 images and traveled over .	Plur
The ropes gave the bags shape , making inflation easier .	Plur
The rovers have a top speed on flat hard ground of 50 mm / s ( 2 in / s ) .	Plur
The orbiters then quickly relay the rover data to the Earth using their large and high-powered antennas .	Plur
Coatings on the rocks may have occurred when rocks were buried and interacted with thin films of water and dust .	Plur
Clays require fairly long term exposure to water to form .	Plur
Cast shadows are often illuminate .	Plur
These avenues eventually introduced versions of the inflating flexible Rogallo wing to the sport of skydiving .	Plur
In scale , Monteverdi 's " Vespers " was the most ambitious work of religious music before Bach .	Plur
This Toots and the Maytals looks like it 's going to be a big thing " .	Plur
As Blackwell says , " The Maytals were unlike anything else ... sensational , raw and dynamic . "	Plur
Toots is one of the purest human beings I 've met in my life , pure almost to a fault . "	Plur
Sonnets and other forms of love poetry frequently use synecdoches to characterize the beloved in terms of individual body parts rather than a coherent whole .	Plur
Some large electromagnets require cooling water circulating through pipes in the windings to carry off the waste heat .	Plur
" Who " dotes " , yet " doubts " ; " suspects " , yet " strongly loves " . "	Plur
Highly massive progenitors may also eject sufficient nickel to cause a SLSN simply from the radioactive decay .	Plur
Natural zeolites form where volcanic rocks and ash layers react with alkaline groundwater .	Plur
Naturally occurring zeolites are rarely pure and are contaminated to varying degrees by other minerals , metals , quartz , or other zeolites .	Plur
Streptococcus pyogenes is a species of Gram-positive bacterium in the genus " Streptococcus " .	Plur
Like other cocci , streptococci are round bacteria .	Plur
The tonsils will appear swollen and reddened .	Plur
Dried streptococci in the air are not infectious to intact skin .	Plur
Headliners have included Springfield great Taj Mahal , the Average White Band , and Poncho Sanchez .	Plur
For parts of two seasons ( 1978 – 80 ) the NHL Hartford Whalers played in Springfield while their arena was undergoing repairs after a roof collapse .	Plur
Highs remain around 68 with heatwaves pushing temperatures into the mid-80s .	Plur
Four freeways run through Pasadena , and Pasadena is a control city for all of them .	Plur
According to the " Parrot Project of Los Angeles " , the parrots are of at least five species .	Plur
To a rugged coastal area like Scandinavia , his mass-produced , robust , minimal maintenance buoys were a significant boon to safety and livelihood .	Plur
The Crumbs moved into a house in southeastern France in 1991 , which is said to have been financed by the sale of six Crumb sketchbooks .	Plur
In turn , micro-organisms genetically engineered to lack superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) lose virulence .	Plur
These epithets included " manifest god " , and , after his defeat of Egypt , " bringer of victory " .	Plur
The Seleucids , like the Ptolemies before them , held a mild suzerainty over Judea : they respected Jewish culture and protected Jewish institutions .	Plur
With coasts populated by masses of species of fish and land densely covered by trees and animals , the Chumash had a diverse array of food .	Plur
No native Chumash speak their own language since Inesño , the last speaker died in 1965 .	Plur
The Chumash appear to have been thriving in the late 18th century , when Spaniards first began actively colonizing the California coast .	Plur
The Chumash were hunter-gatherers and were adept at fishing at the time of Spanish colonization .	Plur
The Chumash of the Northern Channel Islands were at the center of an intense regional trade network .	Plur
The lipids are often an essential part of the complex , even if they seem to have no catalytic activity by themselves .	Plur
The hepatocytes are the main platform for the handling of triacylglycerols and cholesterol ; the liver can also store certain amounts of glycogen and triacylglycerols .	Plur
The intestines are responsible for absorbing cholesterol .	Plur
Hypotheses exist for possible " causations " .	Plur
Typical anionic detergents are alkylbenzenesulfonates .	Plur
Zwitterionic detergents possess a net zero charge arising from the presence of equal numbers of + 1 and − 1 charged chemical groups .	Plur
There have been two derailments of Shinkansen trains in passenger service .	Plur
The system shuts down between midnight and 06 : 00 every day for maintenance .	Plur
Irish rugby internationals from Clare include Keith Wood , Anthony Foley & Marcus Horan .	Plur
Glutathione peroxidases use glutathione as an electron donor and are active with both hydrogen peroxide and organic hydroperoxide substrates .	Plur
While the exact mechanisms have yet to be determined , peroxidases are known to play a part in increasing a plant 's defenses against pathogens .	Plur
As of the 2010s , reprints of early underground comix continue to sell alongside modern underground publications .	Plur
Reprints were popular with publishers because underground artists had no claims on their work .	Plur
His girlfriends become known as " Venice girls " after he takes them to Venice for romantic trysts .	Plur
The prerequisite lemmas for Khayyam ’ s geometrical proof include Euclid VI , Prop 13 , and Apollonius II , Prop 12 .	Plur
Upstairs in their room , Millie tells Madge to " do something bright " for once in her life and go to Hal .	Plur
" In all , by the mid-1960s nearly half of all computer systems in the world were 1401-type systems . "	Plur
Jett staggers into the banquet hall , takes his seat of honor , and passes out on the table .	Plur
The train describers at Warwick Avenue station showed " Camberwell " as a destination until the 1990s .	Plur
Gorillas also eat the leaves .	Plur
Dabur invested $ 7 million to open a toothpaste manufacturing facility in Tunisia .	Plur
The bronzes Schrady made were among the first in the US to use the lost-wax process .	Plur
The two MVPs for North Carolina were Kelvin Bryant and Ethan Horton .	Plur
The Tar Heels would reach three more bowl games in the decade , while the Razorbacks would go to six more in the decade .	Plur
State regulatory disclosures indicate it contains ethyl acrylate .	Plur
At Delete : WCPW on 30 November 2016 , Conners lost the championship to Drew Galloway in a triple threat match , also featuring Joe Hendry .	Plur
Conners defeated James Drake in the first round , advancing to the quarter finals , where he was defeated by Mark Andrews .	Plur
In 1974 , Riles had accompanied Herbert Washington to John Henry Motors in Houston , where Washington had purchased a used vehicle .	Plur
Cassells moved to work for the Irish Congress of Trade Unions ( ICTU ) in the mid-1970s .	Plur
Bad vibes all the way along . "	Plur
Those small imbalances accumulate to advantage men and disadvantage women .	Plur
Meanwhile , Bridget undresses and confronts Andrew in the den , armed with a hatchet , but hesitates .	Plur
The townhouses have UV reflective paint to reduce the thermal heat gain inside the houses .	Plur
The infographics describe , for example , how chemicals found in food and nature give them smell , taste , and colour .	Plur
Petals pink , lamina fan-shaped , denticulate , marked with dots which gave the plant its name .	Plur
" Balanites rotundifolia " is a small tree or shrub with a multi-stemmed growth form and spiny branches which grows to 2-5m .	Plur
IRM has signed a long term agreement with UNICEF .	Plur
IRM is also the implementing partner of USAID for the Pakistan Reading Project .	Plur
Lothar Mertens died suddenly in Berlin on 4 December 2006 .	Plur
At the Juno Awards of 2018 , " Young Beauties and Fools " won the Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year .	Plur
Some long ephemerides cover several millennia to medium accuracy .	Plur
A fundamental ephemeris is the basis from which apparent ephemerides , phenomena , and orbital elements are computed for astronomical , nautical , and surveyors ' almanacs .	Plur
The early fundamental ephemerides of these publications came from many different sources and authors as the science of celestial mechanics matured .	Plur
The fundamental ephemeris of the Moon , always a difficult problem in celestial mechanics , remained a work-in-progress through the early 1980s .	Plur
There were 10 tramcars according to an inventory of 1903 .	Plur
Primrose is the niece of the late black market baby racketeer , Rose DeVille , a notorious woman who once stole the first baby of Nina Webster .	Plur
Primrose later discovered that Stella , who was really Jana Hawkes in disguise , was faking a pregnancy to gain information about one of her baby deals .	Plur
Pin headers can be either " straight " or " angled " .	Plur
Pin headers are cost-effective due to their simplicity .	Plur
Impossible Spaces is the second full-length album by Toronto musician Sandro Perri under his own name .	Plur
Spider-Man teaches Hope that " with great power , there must also come great responsibility " and makes her reflect about this as the potential Phoenix host .	Plur
For the transatlantic effort , the upper engine nacelles were able to be removed and powered with a small outboard motor for water ditching .	Plur
Captives included Waldron 's seven-year-old grandchild Sarah Gerrish , daughter of Elizabeth and John Gerrish .	Plur
The Gilberts were Willam Penn 's mother 's family .	Plur
Courtois only served for several months in early 1553 .	Plur
Excerpts from her novels have appeared in English translation in Banipal magazine .	Plur
The surf and currents sometimes make the sea around it very dangerous .	Plur
At the Sarawak-Sabah border at Merapok , motorists must pass an immigration checkpoint to enter Sabah and vice versa .	Plur
McGuiness could not have played very well ; he is not mentioned in the match reports .	Plur
The Good Reads website as of the same date had 129 reviews of the book .	Plur
Wires are ideally suitable for that because they always link two devices .	Plur
Nodes that are newly added to the network can utilize this shared state to instantaneously adapt and contribute to the network functionality .	Plur
The mature follicles dry and split open , releasing the seeds into the nearby environment .	Plur
Six Governors , two Chief Justices of the Supreme Court of Georgia and two former Mayors of the City of Atlanta received degrees from Atlanta Law School .	Plur
The janissaries revolted demanding a rise in their salary .	Plur
Unlike Northern California , the Californios were in the majority in Southern California and especially in Santa Barbara County , and controlled the local courts .	Plur
" Actinus imperialis " can reach a length of about .	Plur
Ceroplesis militaris is a species of flat-faced longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family , Lamiinae subfamily .	Plur
Pine martens sometimes come into the town at night , from the mountains , to raid bins .	Plur
Mithridates had found refuge in Armenian land after confronting Rome , considering the fact that Tigranes was his ally and relative .	Plur
The syphilis severely disfigured his nose , resulting in damage that is discreetly depicted in John Greenhill 's portrait .	Plur
The fledglings were canary chicks . "	Plur
Limoges is a city in central France .	Plur
National Amusements has agreed to make no proposal of a CBS-Viacom merger for at least two years after the date of the settlement .	Plur
There are also some anticoagulants that come from animals that work by dissolving fibrin .	Plur
Cantemir composed his " Description of Moldavia " ( ) in 1714 at the request of the Royal Academy in Berlin .	Plur
Black-backed jackals lick humidity from stones .	Plur
The red and white checked fess refers to the coat of arms of the Counts of the Mark .	Plur
These fluid inclusions provide direct information about the composition of the fluid and the pressure-temperature conditions that existed during diagenesis of the sediments .	Plur
Frigatebirds remain in the air and do not settle on the ocean .	Plur
Having the largest wing-area-to-body-weight ratio of any bird , frigatebirds are essentially aerial .	Plur
Conversely , frigatebirds do not swim and with their short legs cannot walk well or take off from the sea easily .	Plur
Frigatebirds typically breed on remote oceanic islands , generally in colonies of up to 5000 birds .	Plur
Frigatebirds prefer to nest in trees or bushes , though when these are not available they will nest on the ground .	Plur
Frigatebirds take many years to reach sexual maturity .	Plur
Frigatebirds have learned to follow fishing vessels and take fish from holding areas .	Plur
Unlike most other seabirds , frigatebirds drink freshwater when they come across it , by swooping down and gulping with their bills .	Plur
Frigatebirds are unusual among seabirds in that they often carry blood parasites .	Plur
Frigatebirds tended to have more parasitic lice than did boobies analysed in the same study .	Plur
In Nauru , catching frigatebirds was an important tradition still practised to some degree .	Plur
Sacrifices could also consist grain , meal , wine , or incense .	Plur
From west to east , the quays on the north bank are :	Plur
From west to east , the quays on the south bank are :	Plur
These suffix designators initially referred to these complete kits and their " bare " engine counterparts almost interchangeably .	Plur
Counties mainly serve administrative purposes in Sweden .	Plur
Ladies ' hats were not forgotten either and at least one works specialised in making these and the hat master 's wife designed them at home .	Plur
Algerian corsairs also used three-lateen-sail xebecs in their raids on Mediterranean trade .	Plur
Many motherboards allow the user to manually set the clock multiplier and FSB settings by changing jumpers or BIOS settings .	Plur
School chaplains are a fixture in religious and , more recently , secular schools .	Plur
Many chaplains run programs to promote the welfare of students , staff and parents including programs to help students deal with grief , anger or depression .	Plur
School chaplains can also liaise with external organisations providing support services for the school .	Plur
Australian chaplains assist school communities to support the spiritual , social , and emotional well-being of their students .	Plur
there are 2339 chaplains working in Australian secular schools , along with 512 student welfare workers .	Plur
Most chaplains are uniformed and some may have a rank .	Plur
Military chaplains have a long history ; the first English military-oriented chaplains , for instance , were priests on board proto-naval vessels during the 8th century .	Plur
Land-based chaplains appeared during the reign of King Edward I .	Plur
Naval chaplains called to service with the Royal Marines undertake a grueling five-month-long Commando Course and , if successful , wear the commandos ' Green Beret .	Plur
British Army chaplains undertake seven weeks training at the Armed Forces Chaplaincy Centre Amport House and the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst .	Plur
Military chaplains are normally accorded officer status , although Sierra Leone had a Naval Lance Corporal chaplain in 2001 .	Plur
However , United States military chaplains in every branch carry both rank and Chaplain Corps insignia .	Plur
Some chaplains use live music as a therapeutic tool .	Plur
Prison chaplains can be a " safety valve , through listening and pro-social intervention " in potentially explosive situations .	Plur
Most commonly , the chaplains are ministers or full-time Christian workers but occasionally , chaplaincy work is done without charge or any financial remuneration .	Plur
Veterinary chaplains serve people and their animals , ministering with regards to the spirituality associated with animals and their connections with humans .	Plur
Environmental chaplains hold many roles .	Plur
Environmental chaplains may also bear witness to the Earth itself and represent the merging of science and spirituality .	Plur
Working on board cruise ships , cruise chaplains provide pastoral and spiritual support to both passengers and crew members .	Plur
High-end modems also incorporate some additional features :	Plur
There are also industrial satellite modems intended to provide a permanent link .	Plur
Sediments that are formed or deposited in a perennial stream or river are typically not referred to as alluvial .	Plur
Occasionally the half-lives are far longer than this and can last minutes , hours , or years .	Plur
Modern Zoroastrians believe they are living currently in the final age .	Plur
Sculley had little control over the Macintosh division where Jobs was the general manager .	Plur
In the early 1990s , Sculley led Apple to port its operating system to run on a new microprocessor , the PowerPC .	Plur
Sculley had become acquainted with Hillary Clinton , serving with her on a national education council .	Plur
In 1997 , Sculley co-founded PopTech with Bob Metcalfe and several other dignitaries from the technology industry .	Plur
In 2014 , Sculley co-founded Obi Mobiles , a smartphone brand aimed at the emerging markets .	Plur
In 2013 , Sculley married Diane Gibbs Poli , vice president and design coordinator for Wittman Building Corporation , and they live in Palm Beach , Florida .	Plur
Respighi 's " Ancient Airs and Dances " ( 1917 ) led the way for the sort of sound the Neoclassicists aspired to .	Plur
But in 1783 dissensions arose between Knigge and Weishaupt , which resulted in Knigge 's final withdrawal from the group on 1 July 1784 .	Plur
Some typewriters in the pre-computer era even conflated the ell and the one ; users had to type a lowercase L when the number one was needed .	Plur
Fonts that are in italic type will feature Greek alpha " α " looking like a Latin " a " .	Plur
Symbols like ա can resemble Cyrillic ш . Beside that , there are symbols which look alike .	Plur
Connectors use either T568A or T568B pin assignments ; performance is comparable provided both ends of a cable are terminated identically .	Plur
The Marathas under Raghunathrao Ballal Peshwa and Maharaja Tukojirao Holkar Bahadur were victorious in the battle and Attock was captured .	Plur
On 8 May 1758 , the Marathas defeated Durrani forces in the Battle of Peshawar and captured the city of Peshawar .	Plur
There are echoes of the theme of abandoned women throughout the novel .	Plur
Compilers often issue a warning when comparisons are made between signed and unsigned numbers or when one is cast to the other .	Plur
Given our technical expertise , are the project deadlines reasonable ?	Plur
The dugouts were radiocarbon dated 3641-3378 BC and 3700-3382 BC .	Plur
The USFS issued its final decision in January 2012 .	Plur
The Mains nursing home in Redmarshall is a privately owned nursing home for elderly residents .	Plur
The Sweets had a total of ten children ; they lived in cramped quarters and on what little money they could earn through their farm .	Plur
By June 21 , 1924 , the Sweets returned to Detroit .	Plur
The Sweets had a difficult time finding a realtor , followed by difficulty finding a family who would sell them a house .	Plur
According to Kevin Boyle 's account , the Sweets were less than impressed with the house they were shown on Garland .	Plur
The Sweets moved into the house on September 8 , 1925 .	Plur
Ailerons were capable of rotating through + 13 / -26 ° , and were used together with the flaps in low-speed flight and in takeoff .	Plur
Subir falls in love with Uma and marries her .	Plur
Subir continues as a singer and also fosters Uma 's singing career .	Plur
Puttur is a city in Dakshina Kannada district , in Karnataka state of India .	Plur
Only Clerics in high favor may join .	Plur
Paladins may join this guild after squirehood .	Plur
The orthographies of Turkic languages are largely phonetic , meaning that the pronunciation of a word can usually be determined from its spelling .	Plur
Woolen vests are compulsory in cold areas whose colour varies khaki for army , dark blue for navy , and black for air .	Plur
There are Three Certificates in NCC .	Plur
During the Panic of 1907 , Bankers Trust worked closely with J.P. Morgan to help avoid a general financial collapse by lending money to sound banks .	Plur
In 1980 , Bankers Trust exited retail banking under the direction of its CEO , Alfred Brittain III .	Plur
The Christies claim that Agatha suffered from amnesia from the accident and remembers nothing .	Plur
Distances on these signs are in miles .	Plur
During the summer months , two blesbok antelopes share the outdoor grass paddock with the giraffes .	Plur
Some archeologists believe that the Barsils lived near the Volga delta , which would explain the Armenian reference to them as island-dwellers .	Plur
The Champs and Demarests were among Malba 's first families to own homes in Malba .	Plur
Bases within Hong Kong are former British facilities namely from the British Army :	Plur
Suffragan bishoprics subordinate to Riga included Dorpat , Ösel-Wiek , Courland , Sambia , Pomesania , Warmia ( Ermland ) , and Culmerland .	Plur
The Losers may refer to :	Plur
The KGB respects only the strong .	Plur
The torturers requested a ransom from Rosita 's relatives , who negotiated a smaller amount that they were able to pay .	Plur
The game features nine dungeons — large , contained areas where Link battles enemies , collects items , and solves puzzles .	Plur
" GameTrailers " in their review called it one of the greatest games ever created .	Plur
Beyond negative health outcomes due to pollution and toxic waste , illegal dumps pose a physical threat .	Plur
Corticosteroids inhibit phospholipase A production by boosting production of lipocortin , an inhibitor protein .	Plur
The Blossoms are an American girl-group that originated from California .	Plur
The Dreamers joined Richard Berry in the studio and during 1955 and 1956 made several recordings for Flair and RPM Records .	Plur
The Blossoms also underwent significant changes at this time .	Plur
The Blossoms appeared in 1964 's " The T.A.M.I .	Plur
The Blossoms also provided backing vocals to Doris Day 's " Move Over , Darling " from the film of the same name .	Plur
Factions of the Turkish Army in discontent with his policies attempted to oust him in a failed military coup d 'état attempt on 15 July 2016 .	Plur
İzmir obtained new car and passenger ferries in 2013 and 2014 , while a new ferry terminal was opened at Tuzla for İDO ferry services to Yalova .	Plur
Ambulances and other emergency forces gradually arrived .	Plur
Sheep are no longer farmed primarily for their wool ; however , they need to be clipped annually to protect the health of the animal .	Plur
All plasters and stuccos have several common features : they all contain a structural component , a binding element , and some form of fiber .	Plur
Earthen plasters are less toxic and energy intensive than many other wall coverings , which makes them appealing to the environmentally conscious .	Plur
However , earthen plasters are often more labor-intensive than other forms of wall covering .	Plur
The resulting beehive shaped structures employs corbelled arches , corbelled domes , and vaults to create sturdy single and double-curved shells .	Plur
The metamorphic facies , which is described as lower to upper amphibolite facies , implies a moderate to high metamorphic temperature and a moderate pressure .	Plur
The Carpenters performed a variety of sketches with guest stars Victor Borge and John Denver .	Plur
Of the rock crevices or rock ledges it does grow on , " S. paniculata " prefers the shady ones .	Plur
National Track quizzes have a direct bearing on Nationals competitions , and Non-National Track do not have a direct bearing on Nationals qualification .	Plur
Non-National Track quizzes are of two styles :	Plur
His sufferings were the penal effects of our sins .	Plur
The Antiquities and Monuments Office , part of the LCSD , is responsible for heritage conservation and education in Hong Kong .	Plur
There are 142 guestrooms available including doubles , twins and suites .	Plur
Freshmen and sophomores focus on drawing and quick sketching .	Plur
Keith Bernard Askins ( born December 15 , 1967 ) is a retired American professional basketball player .	Plur
The lemmas show that language membership of a language in BPP can be expressed as a Σ expression , as follows .	Plur
Niclosamide inhibits glucose uptake , oxidative phosphorylation , and anaerobic metabolism in the tapeworm .	Plur
On 16 April , his sentinels spotted Guichen on the leeward side of Martinique , beating against the wind .	Plur
Clays and silts react with the water and thus change sizes and have varying shear strengths .	Plur
The mummies in KV 40 come from both the 18th and the 22nd dynasty .	Plur
Its pulsations cause its radius to vary by 1.0 % to 1.5 % .	Plur
Two further cassettes came to light through being offered on eBay .	Plur
Cleomenes informed the people of Canopus , then the chief emporium of Egypt , that he must move them to the new city .	Plur
Late model Model 10s are capable of handling any .38 Special cartridge produced today up to and including + P + rounds .	Plur
Her realistic portrayals of the poor may have drawn on her experience as a workhouse visitor in Marylebone .	Plur
The hostages exited the aircraft unharmed once the shooting was over .	Plur
During the 1450 jubilee , balustrades of the bridge yielded , due to the great crowds of the pilgrims , and many drowned in the river .	Plur
In 2002 , The Yardbirds re-emerged and a new album , " Birdland " , was released .	Plur
British and foreign aristocrats and royalty frequently stayed at the house throughout the 18th and 19th centuries .	Plur
320,000 tonnes of silt had to be removed .	Plur
Stowe began to evolve into a series of natural views to be appreciated from a perambulation rather than from a well-chosen central point .	Plur
Within the pronaos and cella are 16 terracotta medallions commemorating British Victories .	Plur
Stowe has one of the largest concentrations of grade I listed buildings in England .	Plur
33 tankettes in the ČKD ( Praga ) works ; the original British construction was evaluated as unusable in modern warfare .	Plur
The five Dutch tankettes were involved in fighting German paratroopers during the May 1940 invasion of the Netherlands .	Plur
On October 15 , 2008 , Judge Robert L. Echols of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee dismissed her complaint .	Plur
General Atomics of La Jolla , CA manufactures TRIGA reactor fuel elements in France for the majority of these types of reactors around the world .	Plur
These edits to the shows enabled it to be broadcast at 7 pm ( pre-watershed ) .	Plur
The guarantors assisted the parties in ministerial level discussions aimed at identifying the significant claims and disagreements of each side .	Plur
Each year thereafter , strange ripples disturbed the otherwise placid lake .	Plur
Higher resonances correspond to wavelengths that are integer divisions of the fundamental wavelength .	Plur
Nodes tend to form inside the cylinder , away from the ends .	Plur
Zach helps deliver the new child into the world .	Plur
From the Congress side six Pallars took part .	Plur
Sievers categorized three basic types of half-line that were used .	Plur
" Landmines , just by their sheer number alone in a particular area , can influence the population 's behaviour .	Plur
Many onlookers believed that Milošević 's intentions for supporting such reforms had more to do with holding power than with improving democracy .	Plur
The landlords were afraid that the tax breaks for the new skyscrapers would attract their existing tenants to the new buildings .	Plur
The awns may be quite long ; in " A. purpurea " var .	Plur
Tracey drove around and sold the boards out of his Honda Civic while Tim was the creator and designer .	Plur
There were many different moulds including character dolls modelled after real children and dolls designed by French artists .	Plur
On two separate occasions , the Gunfighters flew four UH-1Ns from Hong Kong across the Red Chinese border to the cities Guangzhou and Shenzhen .	Plur
Throughout the war , the Gunfighters distinguished themselves both in the planning and execution phases of the air and ground wars .	Plur
On 10 March 1991 , the Gunfighters departed Saudi Arabia , returning to Camp Pendleton .	Plur
In November , the Gunfighters received the MCAA Squadron of the Year Award .	Plur
The Gunfighters returned to Camp Pendleton in April 1993 .	Plur
Amassing over 600 mishap free hours , the Gunfighters directly supported the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force .	Plur
The Gunfighters flew over 1,300 mishap free flight hours while performing offensive air and utility support missions .	Plur
From June 27 to July 1 , the Gunfighters flew air support for British allies in southeastern Iraq .	Plur
The Gunfighters concluded flight operations in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom on July 12 .	Plur
The Gunfighters finished up their second rotation in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and are based at Forward Operating Base , Al Taqaddum , Iraq .	Plur
The Gunfighters then deployed to Camp Leatherneck , Afghanistan from April 2010 to November 2010 .	Plur
In 2013 , the Jags won the Bell Game vs Stuart 35-13 .	Plur
The Jags won 24-23 by a missed field goal from Ablemarle within the last few minutes of the game .	Plur
The Jags then advanced to the second round of playoffs away at Massaponax down in Fredericksburg .	Plur
The Jags went on to compete in regionals where they placed fifth .	Plur
Tendrils were an irregular collaboration between two Australian guitarists , Joel Silbersher ( of Hoss ) and Charlie Owen ( of Beasts of Bourbon ) .	Plur
Herbs were the mainstay of Mongolian medicine ; legend had it that any plant could be used as a medicine .	Plur
Plaintiffs contend that the number of class members is around 500,000 , while defendants maintain it is closer to 250,000 .	Plur
As late as 1928 , the overseers were extremely reluctant to grant fee patents to Indians .	Plur
Plaintiffs seek relief in the form of a complete historical accounting of all Individual Indian Monies ( IIM ) accounts .	Plur
The Astral Drops are doppelgangers , summoned when the Guardians have to go on a mission and need doubles so their absence is not felt .	Plur
Ice Cycles is the second album by the progressive metal group Platypus , released in 2000 .	Plur
Gerard Seghers ( or " Segers " ; 1589 – 1651 ) was one of his pupils .	Plur
However , the Sundarbans is one-hour away by speed boat . )	Plur
Liners will typically range in size from a 36 cell tray up to a 288 cell tray .	Plur
There are great differences between the deciduous ( baby ) mandibular molars and those of the permanent mandibular molars , even though their function are similar .	Plur
The mandibular first molars are the most common carious teeth and the most common teeth to undergo endodontic treatment or extraction .	Plur
Volcanoes appeared in central Queensland forming the Lizzie Creek Volcanics and the Camboon Volcanics .	Plur
Arizona Desert hairy scorpions are a warm-desert species , specially adapted to hot and dry conditions .	Plur
Certainly the physical evidence confirms that there was a significant fire and that the damage caused to the transepts were never restored points to dwindling resources .	Plur
There are great differences between the deciduous ( baby ) mandibular molars and those of the permanent mandibular molars , even though their function are similar .	Plur
The blankets used as stretchers were sodden with blood . < br >	Plur
The ventral surface possesses faint bands and the throat is unpatterned .	Plur
Dental caries may result from improper care of cheek teeth which is a prominent problem across the globe .	Plur
Mathematicians will sometimes restrict a variable to be a single alphabetic character .	Plur
The band Inspiral Carpets used the photograph for the cover of their 1992 album , also titled " Revenge of the Goldfish " .	Plur
Excerpts of a summary include :	Plur
Honour is a 2014 British contemporary thriller film focusing on " honour killings " .	Plur
To continue MLRS support to the division , the DIVARTY reactivated Battery A , 94th Field Artillery in May 1995 .	Plur
Notable Blue Grits include John Manley , Martha Hall Findlay , Paul Martin , Frank McKenna , and Roy MacLaren .	Plur
The sub-populations of the species also face threat from fire .	Plur
In the 1st century AD , the Alans achieved a dominant position among the Sarmatians living between the Don River and the Caspian Sea .	Plur
The Alans were a people from the east closely related to the Aorsi , whom they either absorbed or conquered .	Plur
ISO / IEC 20248 digital signatures , including the data , are typically smaller than 512 bits .	Plur
In the following days , a dozen Antonov An-124 rotations ferried the logistical and support matériel for their installation .	Plur
V Coronae Borealis ( V CrB ) is a Mira-type long period variable star and carbon star in the constellation Corona Borealis .	Plur
Wardens on the school premises and at the school ’ s front door provide security .	Plur
At the east end there are late 14th or early 15th century windows in the north and south walls .	Plur
The reredos is by Ninian Comper .	Plur
The mediators glossed over GVN non-cooperation and the Viet Cong attempt to undercut its own side .	Plur
This second edition corrects mistakes made in the first edition , and lists 66,000 names collected up to 1994 and is 557 pages long .	Plur
Tilley challenged James R. Carr , the incumbent Republican Representative for Kentucky 's 8th State House district , in the 2006 elections .	Plur
Tilley defeated Carr in the election .	Plur
During a pause in their fight Lamar arrogantly interrupts ; Chris shoots him , ending the battle .	Plur
The 16th-century Spanish " conquistadores " were armed with broadswords , rapiers , crossbows , matchlocks and light artillery .	Plur
" Conquistadores " often went without metal armour , or only donned it immediately prior to battle .	Plur
Glacial striations in the boulder surface may also be confused for pecking .	Plur
6,200 re-enactors , 330 horses , and 120 cannons took part in actions in an arena area close to La Haye Sainte .	Plur
Antenatal corticosteroids , latency antibiotics , magnesium sulfate , and tocolytic medications are not recommended until the fetus reaches viability ( 24 weeks ) .	Plur
These jewelers would form the foundation of the Gemological Institute of America ( GIA ) , and later the AGS .	Plur
Jewelers are able to have their diamonds scientifically evaluated according to the Four Cs : Color , Clarity , Cut , and Carat Weight .	Plur
At the time of Conan , the Picts are more or less stagnant culturally and have not significantly advanced in millennia .	Plur
The Cimmerians are descendants of the people of Atlantis who managed to survive the cataclysm .	Plur
The Cimmerians are consistent of various warlike tribes .	Plur
The barbarians swept out of the hills in a ravening horde , without warning , and stormed Venarium with such fury none could stand before them .	Plur
The Picts , however , aiming to reclaim their territory , posed a constant threat .	Plur
Gigantic happenings are forming in the web and the womb of Fate , and a blood-mad sorcerer shall not stand in the path of imperial destiny .	Plur
Today , no Aquilonian noble dares maltreat the humblest of my subjects and the taxes of the people are lighter than anywhere else in the world .	Plur
The Picts were undergoing changes themselves at the time .	Plur
The Picts now travel freely across the Aquilonian Empire , and start joining the Aquilonian army as mercenaries in ever increasing numbers .	Plur
Their forges were building steel weapons and preparing for eventual conflict with their former masters .	Plur
The Picts enter the mainland of Aquilonia , pillaging and burning in every step of their way .	Plur
The Cimmerians find the opportunity to also invade amidst this chaotic state of affairs .	Plur
The Picts end up settling in the areas of their conquest .	Plur
The Picts inherit the traditional Aquilonian enmity with the Hyrkanians .	Plur
The Picts remain barbarians and are only interested in the more practical aspects of civilization , such as warfare .	Plur
The Picts survive , but the cataclysm brings them back to the Stone Age .	Plur
Two years later Swallows won the Nedbank Cup , the club 's first piece of silverware for five years .	Plur
Silicone greases generally have an operating temperature range of approximately with some high-temperature versions extending that range slightly .	Plur
Dielectric greases such as silicone grease are electrically insulating and does not break down when high voltage is applied .	Plur
In January 2015 The Aristocrats released their second live CD / DVD Culture Clash Live !	Plur
In March 2019 The Aristocrats will record their 4th studio album to be released late Summer 2019 .	Plur
( These hats are a modification of a traditional white yarmulke that has been worn in Jerusalem for centuries .	Plur
Without [ Project 21 , its ] cadres would probably be at home screaming at the TV .	Plur
The mylohyoid may be united to or replaced by the anterior belly of the digastric muscle ; accessory slips to other hyoid muscles are frequent .	Plur
The stylohyoid muscle elevates and retracts hyoid bone.Initiates a swallowing action by pulling the hyoid bone in a posterior and superior direction .	Plur
In the early to mid-1980s , hobbyists began creating their own garage kits of movie monsters .	Plur
Cults of goddess worship are ancient in India .	Plur
Sandals ended its policy of refusing service to gay couples in August 2004 after further protest .	Plur
The .17 caliber wildcats not only met , but far exceeded the 5mm RMR 's velocities and flat trajectory .	Plur
The terminal ballistics of the lightweight expanding bullets limit the .17 HMR to small game animals and varmints .	Plur
The Ghurids were patrons of Persian culture and heritage .	Plur
Before the mid-12th century , the Ghurids had been bound to the Ghaznavids and Seljuks for about 150 years .	Plur
The Ghurids were great patrons of Persian culture and literature and lay the basis for a Persianized state in India .	Plur
Heublein pre-mixed bottled cocktails were fairly inexpensive and provided a portable alternative to regular mixed drinks .	Plur
These inducements to foster colonization and settlement ( also known as the " Rights and Exemptions " ) are the basis for the patroon system .	Plur
The Chetniks successfully withdrew from the German-Bulgarian ring to territory that was beyond the reach of the occupation forces .	Plur
Bey joined the Kaiserliche Marine on 13 June 1916 and served in its destroyer arm .	Plur
Bey guessed correctly and " Scharnhorst " then managed to locate the convoy by herself .	Plur
Yugoslavs from Slovenia repeated this ascent in 1969 , also climbing Annapurna IV .	Plur
Wildlife watchers can observe Wood Duck , painted turtles , beavers , otters , elk , deer and bears .	Plur
Cleveland Metroparks will replace the concrete and gravel on their land and replace it with grass , trees and other park amenities .	Plur
HSCs possess the ability to self-renew and differentiate into all types of blood cells , especially those involved in the human immune system .	Plur
Blamey superseded Rowell in command of New Guinea Force on 23 September .	Plur
Convoys to New Guinea did not commence until December 1942 .	Plur
Another pre-war wharf had existed at Bootless Inlet but in the panic , had been demolished and the inlet mined without recording the location of the mines .	Plur
The jetties , one stone and one timber , were just long , and could only be used by lighters and shallow draft vessels .	Plur
At this point the route Owers surveyed departed from the mule track .	Plur
However , atrocities committed by the Japanese against Papuan and New Guinea civilians proved a persuasive recruiting tool .	Plur
Parachutes for air dropping were in short supply .	Plur
Planes might return with some or all of their load , or not take off at all .	Plur
Army stretchers rotted and fell apart ; the Papuans improvised stretchers from blankets , copra bags and timber cut along the track .	Plur
This rhetoric proves as effective , because only under difficult circumstances can factual matters be discussed analytically .	Plur
In this way , the pizzas on the top would have ruined the surface of the others .	Plur
The windings of the upper layer need to be placed into the grooves provided by the lower layer .	Plur
Conical windings are only possible and beneficial , if the plug-in direction is from the outside to the inside .	Plur
Slugs ( ) is a 2004 Austrian comedy film directed by Michael Glawogger .	Plur
Slowly Saba soften ups and starts going out with irtiza for outings .	Plur
The Suns emerged victorious in Game 4 , but Parker came back in Game 5 with a 31-point performance to win the series 4 – 1 .	Plur
The police inspector asks who hit Mohan on the head last .	Plur
Far from being distributed around the other cold-storage warehouses ( there being no others in the city at that time ) the kittens did not thrive .	Plur
When Germany invaded Lithuania , Gens headed the Jewish hospital in Vilnius before the formation of the ghetto in September 1941 .	Plur
Gens , backed by the Jewish police force , was responsible for deciding who was to be sent for resettlement and execution .	Plur
Gens urged them to keep quiet , and some of the wounded were kept in the hospital to prevent them from repeating their stories .	Plur
During early 1942 , Gens became involved in a power struggle with the head of the Judenrat , Anatol Friend .	Plur
Gens promised to provide aid to the resistance groups and may have promised to join them in a revolt if the time was right .	Plur
Gens provided funds to another resistance group , the " Struggle Group " established by Boris ' Borka ' Fridman .	Plur
On 26 June 1943 , Gens ordered the arrest of Josef Glazman , who had previously worked for Gens but now was a leader of the FPO .	Plur
In May 1942 , Gens secured German permission for residents of the ghetto to sell belongings or property they left with gentiles outside the ghetto .	Plur
In the same month Gens set up a program to collect , repair , and redistribute winter clothing .	Plur
Above the furrows are broader and fewer .	Plur
Some Protestant ratepayers were very concerned that the Catholic administrators of the Bathurst Grammar School had infringed them , especially the non-denominational nature of the School Law .	Plur
Irises generally require a period of cold , then a period of warmth and heat , also they need some moisture .	Plur
His half-brothers were Uaithne and Niall .	Plur
Doyle surmises she was murdered by the same parties that killed his partner and sister due to similar wounds on their backs carved with a knife .	Plur
Lincoln Red Imps have represented Gibraltar in four seasons of the Champions League , twice reaching the second qualifying round .	Plur
Ipswitch Analytics can access data from MOVEit file transfer and automation servers .	Plur
The Tams hired Butch Van Breda Kolff to coach on September 11 , two days before the Tams ' first pre-season game .	Plur
Following the 2011 Libyan Civil War , Tuaregs fighting in the Libyan Arab Republic 's Libyan Army fled to northern Mali with large stockpiles of heavy weapons .	Plur
Flows dry up in tributaries during summer months , with the only surface water present derived from springs .	Plur
The reptiles generally inhabit drier upland habitat and are likely to be found in montane hardwood forest and grassland .	Plur
Tentacles are the major organs used by squid for defending and hunting .	Plur
All octopuses have venom , but few are fatally dangerous .	Plur
There are syringes infrequently , which allow Lana to heal without returning to Amy .	Plur
Sawyers left the fort and followed the military road recently blazed by General Connor ’ s troops until it intersected with the Bozeman Trail .	Plur
Sawyers was in desperate measures by nightfall .	Plur
After perhaps two minutes , woodwinds introduce a new , less fierce theme which leads into a slightly varied recapitulation of the first statement .	Plur
According to 1925 police report , there were 16,652 adult Nazarenes in 352 settlements in Bačka , Banat , Syrmia and Baranja .	Plur
According to 1953 census , there were 15,650 Nazarenes in Yugoslavia .	Plur
Jokers have neither suit nor rank .	Plur
Despite using Italian suits , the trumps labelled in French .	Plur
He chuckles and the screen fades to black .	Plur
In addition to hamburgers and hot dogs , Finnish meat pastries with sausages are available at kiosks , especially a sausage sandwich called a " porilainen " .	Plur
Hamburgers and kebab are also popular street food ; occasionally ( up north , or at festivals / events elsewhere ) with moose or reindeer meat .	Plur
In terms of desserts , butter tarts are extremely popular , as are nanaimo bars .	Plur
Meat patties in a yeast bread called " coco bread " are the most popular street food .	Plur
There are no trumps , and tens rank low in trick-play .	Plur
The Wilts & Berks Canal Trust is currently restoring the canal .	Plur
After Kazan fell to Ivan IV in October 1552 , the Bashkirs joined the Russian Empire .	Plur
By accepting the Russian citizenship , the Bashkirs confirmed their patrimonial rights to the land , and ensured protection from the Nogay trespassers .	Plur
Laois , after losing all of their group stage games , eventually lost a play-off to Down and faced relegation for the following season .	Plur
Coordinates of Confusion is the second album by Slovenian Thrash metal band Negligence .	Plur
The Flying Hendersons were contemplating a comeback gig in 2017 to mark their 30th anniversary .	Plur
The DRS allows the flap to lift a maximum of 50 mm from the fixed main plane .	Plur
Some hens deprived of litter until they had developed sham dustbathing and then given access to litter , showed sham dustbathing although litter was available .	Plur
The brothers Koen Wauters and Kris Wauters returned as a host for the fourth times while of the former judges only Jean Blaunt remained at the panel .	Plur
Berkeley preferred to live onshore , meaning that for much of the time " Leopard " acted as a private ship .	Plur
Berkeley directed that in return , the American captain was permitted to search British vessels for American deserters .	Plur
Specialized macromolecules may provide materials for use in surgery and regenerative medicine .	Plur
In general , the IQs of organized serial killers tend to be near normal range , with a mean of 94.7 .	Plur
When the Yippies paraded Pigasus at the Civic Center , ten policemen arrested Ochs , Rubin , Pigasus , and six others .	Plur
Grandmasters and endgame specialists have since grappled with the problem , with most concluding that there is no solution .	Plur
Forest supervisors are line officers and report to regional foresters .	Plur
Certain mycotoxins can be harmful or lethal to humans and animals when exposure is high enough .	Plur
The 1630s BC was a decade lasting from January 1 , 1639 BC to December 31 , 1630 BC .	Plur
The 1690s BC was a decade lasting from January 1 , 1699 BC to December 31 , 1690 BC .	Plur
The 1680s BC was a decade lasting from January 1 , 1689 BC to December 31 , 1680 BC .	Plur
The 1670s BC was a decade lasting from January 1 , 1679 BC to December 31 , 1670 BC .	Plur
The 1660s BC was a decade lasting from January 1 , 1669 BC to December 31 , 1660 BC .	Plur
The 1620s BC was a decade lasting from January 1 , 1629 BC to December 31 , 1620 BC .	Plur
The 1600s BC was a decade lasting from January 1 , 1609 BC to December 31 , 1600 BC .	Plur
The 1650s BC was a decade lasting from January 1 , 1659 BC to December 31 , 1650 BC .	Plur
New , longer nacelles not only cured some of the compressibility problems but added at altitude , even without upgraded powerplants .	Plur
Hives agreed to supply key parts to help the project .	Plur
Real pendulums are subject to friction and air drag , so the amplitude of their swings declines .	Plur
Successive swings of the pendulum , even if changing in amplitude , take the same amount of time .	Plur
In 1656 the Dutch scientist Christiaan Huygens built the first pendulum clock .	Plur
Mercury pendulums were the standard used in precision regulator clocks into the 20th century .	Plur
However Huygens had also proved that in any pendulum , the pivot point and the center of oscillation were interchangeable .	Plur
Penn Symons immediately counter-attacked : his infantry drove the Boers from the hill , for the loss of 446 British casualties , including Penn Symons .	Plur
Some burghers joined the British in their fight against the Boers .	Plur
From then until the end of the war , Smuts increased his forces from among Cape rebels until they numbered 3,000 .	Plur
The unusual off-axis slit and annular pupil shapes in cephalopods enhance this ability .	Plur
Most octopuses mimic select structures in their field of view rather than becoming a composite color of their full background .	Plur
These juices separate the flesh of their prey from the bone or shell .	Plur
Several outgrowths of the lateral vena cava project into the renal sac , continuously inflating and deflating as the branchial hearts beat .	Plur
These forward echoes strike the receiver at different intervals making it difficult for the receiver to accurately detect data values on the signal .	Plur
The Cambodians defeated the VOC in the Cambodian – Dutch War from 1643 to 1644 on the Mekong River .	Plur
Besides the diverse north-west European workforce recruited by the VOC in the Dutch Republic , the VOC made extensive use of local Asian labour markets .	Plur
The VOC undertook the world 's first recorded IPO in the same year .	Plur
van der Merwe were Secretary and Chairman of this show for twelve years , which covered this period of change .	Plur
The Pearsons were members of the Society of Friends .	Plur
Both rewrites took about one or two days , and Sparks found them relatively simple .	Plur
" , After visiting the set and watching Cyrus film , Sparks ' worries abated .	Plur
In the year 2018 , Go Nuts Donuts rebranded and is now called as GoNuts .	Plur
Among the trees there are several strange monoliths bearing messages , and at one tree there is a small plaque commemorating its planting by Prince Charles .	Plur
Three sand spits enclose a large salt marsh known as ' The Gut ' .	Plur
Nacogdoches and Natchitoches both received their names from Caddo place names .	Plur
The Picks drew the fire of university administration for years , and was eventually eliminated in the early 2000s .	Plur
1st century BCE bas-reliefs in the hills of Udaygiri ( near god hanuman ) testify to its antiquity .	Plur
Major handicrafts in Odisha include applique work , brass and bell metal , silver filigree and stone carving .	Plur
Odisha sarees are also available in other colors like cream , maroon , brown and rust .	Plur
Aars married Sophie Stabell , and the couple had several children , including the writer Sophus Christian Munk Aars .	Plur
Kristian Birch-Reichenwald Aars ( 25 September 1868 – 4 August 1917 ) was a Norwegian academic .	Plur
Aars finished his secondary education in 1887 , and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the degree cand.theol .	Plur
Broadlands converted to an academy with the Academies Enterprise Trust in December 2012 .	Plur
The subsequent chapter headings are all the names of months , beginning with January .	Plur
Ceres ( also , Hopewell ) is an unincorporated community in Crawford County , Georgia , United States .	Plur
Spencers Wharf ( also , Town Point and Hopewell ) is an unincorporated community in St. Mary 's County , Maryland , United States .	Plur
Hallucinations or delusions occur in approximately 50 % of people with PD over the course of the illness , and may herald the emergence of dementia .	Plur
Neurofibrillary tangles and senile plaques , characteristic of Alzheimer 's disease , are not common unless the person is demented .	Plur
Seen as a limited overs specialist , Hockley made 81 one-day appearances for the county .	Plur
Soviet sympathizers attempted unsuccessfully to disrupt location shooting in Ottawa , where Fox captured exteriors during a cold Canadian winter .	Plur
These interferons regulate the transcription of approximately 2000 genes in an interferon subtype , dose , cell type and stimulus dependent manner .	Plur
Air pollutants are atmospheric substances — both naturally occurring and anthropogenic — which may potentially have a negative impact on the environment and organism health .	Plur
Both inorganic and organic pollutants may make their way to the soil , having a wide variety of detrimental effects .	Plur
In July 2008 , several Norwegian webpages announced that she was in the studio recording her fourth album .	Plur
Veins 6 and 7 stalked or from cell .	Plur
In the male , the palpi are extremely minute .	Plur
Veins 4 and 5 stalked and vein 6 absent .	Plur
However , various analogies to pangrams are feasible , including traditional pangrams in a romanization .	Plur
In late 2011 , illegal loggers burned an 8-year-old Awá girl alive after she wandered out of her village .	Plur
Skeptics suggest that the bodies of children found in Carthaginian and Phoenician cemeteries were merely the cremated remains of children that died naturally .	Plur
Lenders had no power over the King and could not force him to repay his loans .	Plur
The inefficiencies of the Spanish state and the restrictively regulated industry under his rule were common to many contemporary countries .	Plur
The tubers have an unpleasant smell when raw which disappears on cooking .	Plur
In the Eastern Orthodox Church Mondays are days on which the Angels are commemorated .	Plur
Most jazz bassists specialize in either the double bass or the electric bass .	Plur
Jazz pianists also make extensive use of chord " extensions " , such as adding the sixth , ninth , or thirteenth scale degree to the chord .	Plur
The tyrannosaurids from the formation are " Nanotyrannus " and " Tyrannosaurus " , although the former might be a junior synonym of the latter .	Plur
Trolleybuses are quieter than internal combustion engine vehicles .	Plur
The Babylonian Chronicles and Astronomical Diaries record several attempts to rebuild the Etemenanki , which were always preceded by removing the last debris of the original ziggurat .	Plur
Psychiatrists and psychologists use thorough history , physical examinations , laboratory tests , imagery , and psychological testing to evaluate a person for physical and mental conditions .	Plur
The falcons are the largest genus in the Falconinae subfamily of Falconidae , which itself also includes another subfamily comprising caracaras and a few other species .	Plur
The smallest falcons are the kestrels , of which the Seychelles kestrel measures just 25 cm .	Plur
Kestrels feed chiefly on terrestrial vertebrates and invertebrates of appropriate size , such as rodents , reptiles , or insects .	Plur
Their undersides have a lengthwise pattern of blotches , lines , or arrowhead marks .	Plur
In this species , the smaller the kestrels are , the less food is needed and thus , they can survive in environments that are harsher .	Plur
with sweetened beverages , contributes to insulin resistance and has been linked to weight gain and obesity .	Plur
Commonly used tracers are 3-H glucose ( radioactive ) , 6,6 H-glucose ( stable ) and 1-C Glucose ( stable ) .	Plur
Both metformin and thiazolidinediones improve insulin resistance , but are approved therapies only for type 2 diabetes , not for insulin resistance .	Plur
Clementi 's symphonies are less well known .	Plur
There are several campgrounds around the region including Hearthstone Point on Route 9N and Lake George Battleground south of the village .	Plur
There are also several campgrounds on islands on the lake .	Plur
Many homemakers use a microwave oven , a dishwasher and other electric appliances like blender and convection cooker and automatic appliances like rotimatic and automatic cookers .	Plur
Most dryers consist of a rotating drum called a tumbler through which heated air is circulated to evaporate the moisture from the load .	Plur
In spring or early summer , homemakers seed , sod , or sprig a yard when the ground is warmer .	Plur
While the area was predominantly a farming and fishing community , some visionaries saw its potential as a resort for vacationers .	Plur
Ricketts was closer , but had Longstreet following far behind .	Plur
Probes of the Confederate line on Stony Ridge around 10 a.m. indicated that Stonewall Jackson 's men were still firmly in their defensive positions .	Plur
Sur mers sauvages ou glaciers durs ,	Plur
Triplet opals therefore have a more artificial appearance , and are not classed as precious opal .	Plur
Opals which have weathered out of the in-place deposits are alluvial and considered placer deposits .	Plur
Furthermore , synthetic opals do not fluoresce under ultraviolet light .	Plur
The imitation opals seen in vintage jewelry are often foiled glass , glass-based " Slocum stone " , or later plastic materials .	Plur
MacArthur recommended Johnson for the Silver Star for gallantry in action : the only member of the crew to receive a decoration .	Plur
Abe Fortas in particular was the individual that Johnson thought could fill the bill .	Plur
The chest pains hit him nearly every afternoon — a series of sharp , jolting pains that left him scared and breathless .	Plur
His 112 strikeouts led Richmond , as did his 232 hits allowed .	Plur
As a branch of philosophy , metaphysics is concerned with the first principles of things , including abstract concepts such as being and knowing .	Plur
Impairments must be significant , and must affect important areas of function , and the diagnosis is excluded if criteria are also met for autism .	Plur
The Ontario Stock Yards were also nearby .	Plur
His Silesian protégés included Zacharias Ursinus , Jakob Monau , Peter Monau , and Lorenz Scholz von Rosenau .	Plur
Fractures begin appearing in the early stages of the marriage , with Marks becoming despondent , apathetic and suspecting Kadegis of having an affair .	Plur
Under his direction , the KS made a change towards playing new works by Canadian composers .	Plur
German Bolivians are Bolivians of full , partial , or predominantly German descent , or German-born people residing in Bolivia .	Plur
Boulton compliments Dr. Adams on the timber he is stealing from the logging company ; Dr. Adams asserts that the logs are driftwood .	Plur
As a result , collagen fibrils are not assembled properly ; they appear ribbon-like and disorganized under the microscope .	Plur
Planets with no defense were only worth 10 points and were mostly captured out of spite .	Plur
There are wet and dry slips available for members for a monthly fee .	Plur
( 2002 ) Mechanisms regulating the copy numbers of six LTR retrotransposons in the genome of Drosophila melanogaster .	Plur
The complex photophores will frequently appear to be blue depending on their physiological state .	Plur
Dorsey attended St. Augustine High .	Plur
Dorsey played college football at Georgia Tech .	Plur
Well known pastille type candies include :	Plur
The Beards have also created the Beard Industrial Park where the MET 's customers are located .	Plur
Nuchal cords occur in about a quarter of deliveries .	Plur
Sagres was the first Portuguese brand to launch the Mini version ( 20cl ) , a success among consumers because of it small size and constant freshness .	Plur
Lapis lazuli trade , in the form of beads , from its only known prehistoric source – Badakshan , in northeastern Afghanistan – reached ancient Gerzeh .	Plur
Though his own father and uncles renounced Emperor Dom Pedro I during the protests of 1831 , Caxias remained loyal .	Plur
In 1825 , secessionists in the province rebelled .	Plur
Caxias had made a short trip to Rio Grande do Sul in 1839 to inspect the troops fighting the Ragamuffins .	Plur
Caxias and Paraná had known each other since 1831 and had formed a deep friendship and strong bond based on trust and views in common .	Plur
Caxias , witnessing the unfolding disaster , unsheathed his sword and charged on horseback toward the bridge , followed by his staff .	Plur
Paranhos , now Viscount of Rio Branco , led a cabinet from 1871 to 1875 .	Plur
Minute altercations in performance change the sound produced by the instrument .	Plur
Spaces for eating , sleeping and studying are essential , particularly in those temples that serve as monasteries .	Plur
In addition , there are six mega-yacht berths located on the offshore breakwater .	Plur
Silvers worked as press secretary to Connecticut Governor Chester Bowles in 1950 , who was campaigning for reelection .	Plur
Silvers continued his studies at the same time .	Plur
Silvers never married or had children .	Plur
Silvers commented that Dudley 's " fineness of mind and spirit has been the center of my life . "	Plur
Silvers died on March 20 , 2017 , at the age of 87 , at his Manhattan home " after a brief illness " .	Plur
" Bob 's edits are scrupulous , comprehensive , and precise .	Plur
Silvers said : " The great political issues of power and its abuses have always been natural questions for us " .	Plur
Silvers had a reputation for hiring and developing assistants who later became prominent in journalism , academia and literature .	Plur
Silvers described some of the diplomatic aspects of the job : " The act of reviewing can have a deep emotional effect .	Plur
Silvers was a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Century Association .	Plur
DFM will allow potential problems to be fixed in the design phase which is the least expensive place to address them .	Plur
These DFM methodologies worked primarily at the full chip level .	Plur
Some ecologists suggested that the situation highlighted the importance of keeping a population in balance with its environment 's carrying capacity .	Plur
The ' Crows ' joined the AFL in 1991 to represent the South Australian Football League on the national stage .	Plur
" Crisis " hotlines also provide telephone support services , known as helplines .	Plur
Technicians become familiar with the newest aerial weapons and equipment-torpedoes , bombs , machine guns , cameras , and communications gear .	Plur
Holden concludes , " But with all its charms , " Songs From Liquid Days " is still minor Glass . "	Plur
Loyalists in nearby Ballymena counter protested to this by holding weekly protests at a Catholic church situated in the predominantly loyalist Harryville area of Ballymena .	Plur
Wireless LANs send system management information in unprotected frames , which makes them vulnerable .	Plur
However , there are repressors that bind to the trait switch and prevent it from doing so .	Plur
Crops modified to produce non-food products could be armed with GURT technology to prevent accidental transmission of these traits into crops meant for foods .	Plur
Jeeps have the ability to over-inflate their tires and travel across deep water .	Plur
Subsequent deans were Prof. Janaka de Silva and Prof. Rajitha Wickremasinghe .	Plur
His ironic TV monologues , delivered at a fast pace , became a reference point for generations of Argentines .	Plur
Viscounts also served the airline 's scheduled routes to the Canary Islands and Continental Europe .	Plur
For example , if the opponent cooperates in the first 100 rounds , defects for the next 200 , then cooperate in the following 300 , etc .	Plur
The samurai jump in the lake and keep fighting , swimming closer to the three as they go .	Plur
The young woman leaps over the pit , and as the older woman leaps after her the film ends .	Plur
Some enterprise-grade APs use band steering to send 802.11n clients to the 5 GHz band , leaving the 2.4 GHz band for legacy clients .	Plur
For example , Channels 12 and 13 are normally unavailable for use as either a primary or secondary channel in North America .	Plur
" The Bathers " , or in French " Les Baigneuses " , can refer to the following artworks :	Plur
His co-presenters included Anita McVeigh and Joanna Gosling .	Plur
Prefixes carry additional meaning , such as " new " ; many of these can stand alone as a given name .	Plur
In 1693 , his senior retainers had enough , and through senior clan members issued a petition to Tsunamura warning against rule by tyranny .	Plur
In these conditions , many herbicides break down over time and Palmer pigweed will keep thrusting .	Plur
Kames are small hills that consist of sediments ranging from sands to gravels .	Plur
Some bodybuilders use topical vasodilators to increase blood flow to the skin as well .	Plur
Depletion-mode n-type MOSFETs as load transistors allow single voltage operation and achieve greater speed than possible with pure enhancement-load devices .	Plur
The jeepneys then were on strike , paralyzing the transport system of the city for three days , as the drivers ' against tong-collecting traffic policemen .	Plur
Whenever violence erupts in a demonstration participated in by the KM , the military authorities are quick in pinpointing the KM as the instigator of violence .	Plur
On Labor Day , his college friend Trivers invited him to perform in Clayton , New York the next night .	Plur
With issue 11 Niles and Templesmith took over as the comic 's regular writer / artist team .	Plur
Unlike the other preserved " King " class locomotives , the GWS decided to restore 6023 to its as-built single-chimney configuration .	Plur
Documentaries , short films and TV episodes are not currently included .	Plur
Each summer , bluebirds sit perched atop the nest boxes , watching for their insect prey .	Plur
Ferns and wildflowers carpet the ground .	Plur
Other amphibians that breed in this area include spring peepers , wood frogs , American toads and green frogs .	Plur
Ralf Scheepers ( born 5 February 1965 ) is the vocalist for German heavy metal band Primal Fear .	Plur
Some neonates present with cholestasis .	Plur
Fortifications included a casemate wall and a four-room city gate .	Plur
Weather beacons were most popular during the 1950s and 1960s .	Plur
These pineapples are rarely in commercial use any longer since they are soft and do not travel well .	Plur
Photons are part of family of particles known as bosons , particles that follow Bose-Einstein statistics and with integer spin .	Plur
All commercial process simulators use a combination of the finite element analysis ( FE ) and / or finite volume methods ( FV ) methods .	Plur
Raffles hoped to challenge the Dutch by establishing a new port along the Straits of Malacca , the main ship passageway for the India-China trade .	Plur
All the existing Oxford churchyards were overcrowded after many hundreds of years of burials , and two other cemeteries Osney Cemetery and Holywell Cemetery .	Plur
Tracy Scoggins played her in the series " " .	Plur
The culprits apparently drove away in a Chrysler convertible .	Plur
The stipules are noteworthy in that they are fused together and leaf like .	Plur
The Gunns have had three children : Francesca , Melissa and Angus Gunn .	Plur
In March 2005 , after four years of campaigning , farmworkers from the CIW and their allies scored a decisive victory in their national Taco Bell boycott .	Plur
By 2002 , there were 1,100 tearooms with sit-down service .	Plur
The mils were in aluminium , the 1 cent in bronze , and the rest in cupro-nickel .	Plur
Japanese kamikazes and suicide motorboats flung themselves at the American ships ; but , in three days , the fury had largely spent itself .	Plur
Identical Remote Controlled Reactions is the second studio album by Australian nu metal group Superheist .	Plur
Synonyms include " H. asiatica " , " H. japonica " , " H. lithuanica " , and " H. ovalifolica " .	Plur
Parcells cites Testaverde 's presence in Dallas as having been important to the development of their former starter Tony Romo .	Plur
On the Keio Inokashira Line , both all-stations " Local " services and limited-stop " Express " services stop at this station .	Plur
The American train whistles are long perfect intervals of fourths and fifths , while the European train whistles are mostly short triadic shrieks .	Plur
Signatures were to be gathered by January 4 , 2010 .	Plur
Weeds is an American dark comedy-drama television series created by Jenji Kohan for Showtime .	Plur
In its first year , " Weeds " was the highest rated series for Showtime .	Plur
However , the ejidos did not provide enough natural resources to support the Ch 'ol people .	Plur
Parables for Wooden Ears was the first studio album released by the Australian band Powderfinger .	Plur
" Parables for Wooden Ears " received a moderate response from reviewers .	Plur
Unarmed warders , Wallis , Mitchinson and Paterson , came running out of the prison 's main gate and onto the street .	Plur
The chilis are most commonly either red chili peppers or cayenne peppers , which are both of the species " Capsicum annuum " .	Plur
Officer Service Dress Uniforms have a shoulder flash reading NEW ZEALAND CADET FORCES , rather than ROYAL NEW ZEALAND AIR FORCE for the same reason .	Plur
Metal anklets are of two types : " flexible " and " inflexible " .	Plur
Although the CiU lost seats to the ERC , Mas remained in power .	Plur
In about 1917 , all 18-pounders began to be fitted with a new calibrating range scale .	Plur
18-pounders were to fire 50 % -50 % shrapnel and HE with 25 % of the HE fuzes set to delay .	Plur
At the Armistice , there were 3,162 18-pounders in service on the Western Front and it had fired approximately 99,397,670 rounds .	Plur
An ambush awaits Hon as he meets Ngai 's contact in Thailand .	Plur
In 1960 , two river barges hit one of the piers on the bridge , causing two spans to collapse into the river .	Plur
Under this scheme , SUVs use the base name " GL " , followed by the model 's placement in Mercedes-Benz hierarchy .	Plur
Edmunds later moved to Cleveland , Ohio , where he worked as a medical doctor .	Plur
Olympiakos have put a minimum clause fee in the loan move of Maniatis to Standard Liège .	Plur
Olympiakos have included a clause Maniatis contract if the Belgian club wishes to make the move permanent over the summer .	Plur
The Mannings operated the theatrer as a cinema until the 1960s .	Plur
Other PGF analogues with the same mechanism include latanoprost and travoprost .	Plur
Fahey attended Marist Brothers College , Kogarah for secondary education ; initially he worked for ad agencies and as a youth worker .	Plur
More recent evaluations have put the population of the urban agglomeration encompassing Naples at between 3,700,000 and 4,250,000 .	Plur
Coutts was important to the careers of Coutts ' friends Whistler and George Frederic Watts in providing a sympathetic venue for the display of their work .	Plur
Preis ran unsuccessfully for governor as a Democrat in both 1995 and 1999 .	Plur
In the gubernatorial election of October 23 , 1999 , Preis ran fourth among eleven candidates , having polled 1.81 percent of the statewide vote .	Plur
There are 9 inflectional affixes in the English language .	Plur
Traditional grammars have specific terms for inflections of nouns and verbs but not for those of adpositions .	Plur
There are though no verbal inflections for person or number , and all verbs are regular .	Plur
Encroaching development puts this function at risk .	Plur
Prairies may be an important sink of carbon dioxide , which is of growing importance in light of concern over global climate changes .	Plur
Texas marshlands have yielded up to 500,000 muskrat pelts a year alone .	Plur
Wood storks visit the lake in the summer and flocks of American white pelicans can be seen there in the winter .	Plur
Electors : Three ( all at-large ) , pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden :	Plur
Ordinances are a vital part of the theology of the church , which teaches that they were practiced by the Lord 's covenant people in all dispensations .	Plur
Ordinances performed in the temple include :	Plur
Trunks commonly reach in diameter near the base of the tree .	Plur
Some woodworkers take advantage of this by making the color change a feature of their work .	Plur
If a node doesn 't have a route to destination then the node rebroadcasts depend on the algorithm .	Plur
The uppersides of the wings are black with a broad submarginal band formed by large yellow spots .	Plur
The undersides of the forewings have the same pattern , while the hindwings have a submarginal row of red lunules .	Plur
Although technically the diet allows unlimited banana consumption , nutritionists suggest that more than 400 bananas a day will " cause your heart to stop beating . "	Plur
The battle cries of the Bihar Regiment , consisting of 17 battalions , are " Jai Bajrang Bali " ( " Victory to Lord Hanuman " ) .	Plur
Agnès gave him two sons :	Plur
Rainbow Crafts operated under the McVickers from 1956 until 1965 when it was sold to General Mills with all rights to Play-Doh .	Plur
In 1971 , Rainbow Crafts and Kenner Products ( both subsidiaries of General Mills ) merged , and , in 1987 , Tonka Corporation bought both subsidiaries .	Plur
Tactics are very important during penalty shots and overtime shootouts for both the shooter and the goalie .	Plur
Goaltenders often consider the shooter 's shot preference , expected angle of attack , a patented move a shooter commonly uses and even handedness of the shooter .	Plur
Posey made her film debut in " Joey Breaker " ( 1993 ) .	Plur
Posey attended the State University of New York at Purchase , where she studied drama and roomed with actresses Sherry Stringfield and Orlagh Cassidy .	Plur
Posey got her first break in television with the role of Tess Shelby on the daytime soap opera " As the World Turns " .	Plur
In 2012 , Posey starred in four episodes of the third season of " Louie " as Liz , Louis C.K .	Plur
Posey made her stage debut in 2001 .	Plur
Many Irishmen enlisted voluntarily in Irish regiments of the New British Army , forming part of the 10th ( Irish ) and 16th ( Irish ) Divisions .	Plur
" Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung " was a 1971 essay by Lester Bangs , later collected in a ( ) .	Plur
There are no utterances or speech signals that lack paralinguistic properties , since speech requires the presence of a voice that can be modulated .	Plur
apneusis ) , are gasps related to the brain damage associated with a stroke or other trauma .	Plur
Spectators laughed , and soon the senator was " sputtering mad " .	Plur
Dean concludes that conservatism must regenerate itself to remain true to its core ideals of limited government and the rule of law .	Plur
In addition , there are four preschools and four kindergartens :	Plur
There , gusts reached , while sustained winds officially peaked around .	Plur
On nearby St. John , wind gusts reached , and sustained hurricane-force winds of were reported on Maria Hill .	Plur
In this battle the Venezuelan patriots , led by Manuel Piar , obtained a great victory against the Spanish general Juan Domingo de Monteverde .	Plur
The western boundary veers more than four degrees from a meridian to maintain the 120-mile width , due to convergence .	Plur
In reference to this story , the real-life remote manipulators that were later developed also came to be called waldoes , some even by NASA .	Plur
Atoms with one or two more valence electrons than are needed for a " closed " shell are highly reactive due to the following reasons :	Plur
The typical elemental semiconductors are silicon and germanium , each atom of which has four valence electrons .	Plur
Shipments of hazardous materials or dangerous goods have special information and symbols ( labels , placards , etc . )	Plur
Stamps printed in large quantities may have multiple plate numbers so the next plate combination might be identified as " 22222 " and so on .	Plur
Textual overlaps exist between the material common to certain Messianic-apocalyptic material in the Mingana and Grebaut manuscripts , and material published by Ismail Poonawalla .	Plur
Sexes are similar , but juveniles are a duller version of the adult and show streaks on the throat .	Plur
Sexes are similar , but juveniles are a duller version of the adult .	Plur
Sexes are similar , but juveniles are duller than adults .	Plur
Ives was the first dean of the school .	Plur
Though generally inactive , they are aggressive eaters , and are capable of leaping for several body lengths to capture prey .	Plur
There are relatively low precipitations , nearly all in form of rain or mist ( 843 mm / annum ) .	Plur
The Pequots greatly outnumbered the Colonial forces , but the English had superior weapons and tactics .	Plur
His brochures are very numerous and on a great variety of subjects , medical , historical , political , philosophical , etc .	Plur
Subsidiaries include St. Lawrence Cement ( Canada ) , Aggregate Industries ( the UK ) , and Holcim Apasco ( Mexico ) .	Plur
Ergotelis were ahead by one goal , when the game had to be abandoned after violence between the players broke out .	Plur
Promis said that the relative low placement was due to the CD singles not being released .	Plur
The Western Fells occupy a triangular sector of the Lake District , bordered by the River Cocker to the north-east and Wasdale to the south-east .	Plur
The main fells in this section are Kirk Fell , Pillar , Scoat Fell , Haycock and Caw Fell , followed by the lower Lank Rigg group .	Plur
The northern crags expose some granophyric granite of the Ennerdale Intrusion , together with the bedded breccias , sandstones and tuffs of the Round How Member .	Plur
There are also more distant glimpses of the Skiddaw and Helvellyn ranges .	Plur
1560s ) , at the time thought to be by Bruegel , but now usually regarded as an early copy of a lost work .	Plur
The upper catchments of Periyar extend as a wedge deep into the northeastern corner of the neighboring Pandalam Hills .	Plur
Towards north , the Lower Periyar Valleys and the Periyar Basin extend up to the Idamala gorge cut by Periyar ’ s northernmost tributary – Idamalayar .	Plur
On the other hand , big rigs have great durability , medium speed , but poor acceleration and handling .	Plur
Extreme chills and uncontrollable shivering are common .	Plur
The Army Signal Corps Engineering Laboratories at Fort Monmouth , New Jersey , hired Barr as an electrical engineer in July 1940 .	Plur
Mages have the ability to use spells up to level 7 , while clerics can reach level 6 spells .	Plur
The dogmatics of Francis Turretin , a Reformed scholastic of the 17th century , was the primary textbook of theology at Princeton .	Plur
Orchards and vineyards used to cover Monta Vista .	Plur
Careers and as minister of War and Navy was Benigno Ferreira .	Plur
The stairwells look like their corners were chopped off as an afterthought , and none of the halls are perfectly straight .	Plur
Because of this , many residents of Lothlorien are vegetarians and vegans , but diet is not a condition of residence and meat-eating members are quite common .	Plur
Nearby co-ops include Davis ( next-door ) , Castro , Afro , and Loth .	Plur
When Ayala exiled Franco to Argentina , Franco 's sympathizers toppled Ayala 's government , and Colonel Franco returned to Paraguay as interim president .	Plur
Bricks were coming loose and wood rot was everywhere .	Plur
The Zutons " spent a total of 36 weeks in the UK Albums Chart , peaking at number 9 on 15 January 2005 .	Plur
The Churchill Barriers are a series of four causeways in the Orkney Islands with a total length of 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) .	Plur
Tŷ Croes ( ) is a small settlement two miles east of Rhosneigr , Anglesey , north Wales .	Plur
In his childhood , Kuriakose attended the village school .	Plur
The Chronicles ( Nalagamangal ) narrates the daily events not only of the monastery but also of the society .	Plur
There are two sub-systems identified :	Plur
Upshur was active in Virginia state politics and later served as Secretary of the Navy and Secretary of State during the administration of President John Tyler .	Plur
Upshur attended Princeton University and Yale College ; he was expelled from the former for participating in a student rebellion .	Plur
Upshur married Elizabeth Dennis on February 26 , 1817 ; she died in childbirth on November 28 , 1817 .	Plur
Upshur sought the United States Navy to be at least half the size of the British Royal Navy .	Plur
On February 28 , 1844 , Upshur joined the President and other dignitaries for a Potomac River cruise on the new steamship .	Plur
Conversely , Anglo-Normans regarded themselves as religious reformers , and sought to impose their own standards and practices upon the Welsh .	Plur
The madmen ( who are imprisoned in a different enclosure from the fools ) begin shouting for food , and Alibius leaves to attend to them .	Plur
Since gravestones and a plot in a cemetery or churchyard cost money , they are also a symbol of wealth or prominence in a community .	Plur
Simple curb surrounds , sometimes filled with glass chippings , were popular during the mid-20th century .	Plur
The Pas and Thompson , the Central Time Zone portion of Northern Ontario ( e.g .	Plur
The nanowires are sensitive to detect trace biomarkers that diffuse into the IV line through blood which can monitor kidney or organ failure .	Plur
These nanowires would allow for continuous biomarker measurement , which provides some benefits in terms of temporal sensitivity over traditional biomarker quantification assays such as ELISA .	Plur
Roddick 's original brochures were word-for-word copies of material produced by the Berkeley-based Body Shop .	Plur
Under Thompson 's leadership , the Socreds returned to the Commons in the 1962 federal election .	Plur
Sediments of the Eder contain a proportion of gold .	Plur
The Whigs believed that the king 's ministers , and in particular Lord Sandwich , then First Lord of the Admiralty , were capable of any villainy .	Plur
There are two bassists playing as members of Soulfly on " Prophecy " – David Ellefson of Megadeth and Bobby Burns of Primer 55 .	Plur
Daniel Coats may refer to :	Plur
Comedians who performed at the 2012 Festival of New Comedy included Billy Gardell , Paula Poundstone and Tammy Pescatelli .	Plur
Note that this sequence tells us that formula _ 33 is the conormal sheaf of formula _ 34 in formula _ 35 .	Plur
Leo Matthew Abrahams ( born 1977 in Camden , London ) is an English musician , composer and producer .	Plur
During his studies Abrahams got a call from Mickey Modern , a manager to whom he 'd sent a demo years before .	Plur
After Abrahams confirmed to Harcourt that he liked Tom Waits , Harcourt agreed to take Abrahams on as a guitarist .	Plur
Abrahams played lead guitar and scored the instrumental parts on Harcourt 's 2001 album " Here Be Monsters " , as well as Harcourt 's subsequent albums .	Plur
A couple of years later Abrahams had a fortuitous meeting with producer and ambient music pioneer Brian Eno in a Notting Hill guitar shop .	Plur
Nodes and internodes are prominent on the stem .	Plur
The three pallets and eight shells indicate the numerical designation and character of the organization , while the peak of Mt .	Plur
The three pallets and eight shells indicate the numerical designation and character of the organization .	Plur
The four arrowheads are for four assault landings .	Plur
Among the Anglos the family befriended was Stephen F. Austin , who took young José María under his mentorship .	Plur
In return , the Federalists only offered to retain the status quo situation of the Nueces Strip being open for negotiation .	Plur
Avalos and reinforcements put up a fierce resistance .	Plur
Three-in-a-row hopefuls Galway provided the opposition , however , Tipp powered to 2 – 18 to 2 – 7 victory .	Plur
The RMS graduated about 100 men per year , usually with a rating of Petty Officer First Class .	Plur
As of 2014 there were 345 enrollments in Nhill College , with 130 primary students and 215 secondary students .	Plur
The Smurfs quickly hand the baby to one another until he ends up with Smurfette .	Plur
The Smurfs seek for Grouchy and Baby throughout the forest .	Plur
The Smurfs try to paint the village to restore it , and some of them add their " personal touch " to the labor .	Plur
The Smurfs immediately recognise Gargamel , but bring him ( blindfolded ) to the village to give him a lesson .	Plur
Towards the end of the first round , Aerts violently knocked Leuyer out with a right high kick .	Plur
Plugins extend monitoring to new types of applications and services , and many extension scripts for Big Brother will run unchanged on Xymon .	Plur
HP Discover 2011 Americas took place June 6 – 10 , in Las Vegas at the Venetian / Palazzo .	Plur
Keir published articles in the Auckland Astronomical Society journal that examine and critique Ring 's theories .	Plur
Dennet 's theory raises two relevant questions : 1 ) How does the visual system detect change in the environment ?	Plur
How and where Govinda avenges form the climax .	Plur
The second and more popular hypothesis puts forward is the idea that the perspective is derived from the gaze line of Justice .	Plur
On the less frequented lines , tramcars also operate without trailers .	Plur
Treatments for pulmonary cysts include :	Plur
Isidore-Alexandre-Augustin Pils ( 19 July 1813 / 15 , Paris – 3 December 1875 , Paris ) was a French painter .	Plur
Three other prefectures — Fukushima , Ibaraki and Tochigi — recorded an upper 6 on the JMA scale .	Plur
There were no derailments of Shinkansen bullet train services in and out of Tokyo , but their services were also suspended .	Plur
Wildflowers is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Cassandra Vasik .	Plur
The Roosters came out crowing , scoring two tries in 13 minutes over the wounded Tigers outfit .	Plur
The Roosters went on to score two minutes later through fullback Anthony Minichiello .	Plur
The Roosters came away with the points with a 24-6 win .	Plur
The Rabbitohs got on the board early with some good footwork and passing from Chris Sandow and running by Roy Asotasi .	Plur
In May 1995 , the AUC had $ 6.2 million in debt .	Plur
During the winter , icicles may form on the ceiling .	Plur
In 986 the Saracens briefly conquered the city , but it returned to Byzantine control until the Norman conquest in 1059 .	Plur
Among the fifties and sixties was particularly busy city life .	Plur
The Regina Pats won the President 's Cup before going on to win the Memorial Cup .	Plur
Runnels attended the University of Oklahoma .	Plur
" Spades only multi " also presumably exists .	Plur
Once again , however , the insurrectionists paused and allowed the momentum to pass from them and their enemies to regroup .	Plur
Chartiers Creek was determined to be the easiest route , but enough financial support was not gathered .	Plur
According to Chogyam Trungpa the realms of samsara can refer to both " psychological states of mind and physical cosmological realms " .	Plur
The realms in Buddhist cosmology are indeed realms of rebirths .	Plur
Under his leadership , FCB New York 's billings doubled to surpass $ 1 billion .	Plur
The legionaries wore their " gladii " on their right hips .	Plur
Lighter , shorter javelins existed , such as those used by the " velites " and the early legions .	Plur
Entrances from above can also access the silo .	Plur
Trophies and prizes became more prominent in the Jones era , and School uniform became prominent at this time .	Plur
The force call-ups became more and more regular , and the names of the dead were read at morning assembly .	Plur
Their most immediate foes are a father and son team of Morgukai assassins , who have the training and the weapons to go toe-to-toe with Jedi .	Plur
Many Naked juices contain more sugar per ounce than soft drinks .	Plur
The juices are a combination of flash pasteurized fruits , vegetable juices and purees .	Plur
Centronuclear myopathies ( CNM ) are a group of congenital myopathies where cell nuclei are abnormally located in skeletal muscle cells .	Plur
However , some centronuclear myopathies may present later in life .	Plur
Centronuclear myopathies typically have a milder presentation and a better prognosis .	Plur
Centronuclear myopathies involve pathology at the skeletal muscles , generally without brain involvement or cognitive deficits .	Plur
Inspections suggested that continued use of the lift span could harm the structural integrity of the bridge .	Plur
In addition to the performances , some pianists also taught master classes for those who wanted to develop their skill in improvising for films .	Plur
There are several hundred ragas in present use , and thousands are possible in theory . "	Plur
On December 19 , Maryse pinned Maria to become the number one contender for Michelle McCool 's Divas Championship .	Plur
Maryse made her last appearance on " SmackDown " on April 24 , retaining her championship against Gail Kim .	Plur
At Night of Champions on July 26 , Maryse lost the Divas Championship to James .	Plur
Maryse entered the tournament , and defeated Brie Bella and Eve Torres in the first round and semi-finals , respectively , to advance to the finals .	Plur
Following this match , Maryse would again stop appearing on television as Miz began a storyline with Shane McMahon .	Plur
Other refurbishments took place in 1991 – 3 , despite opposition from traders who objected to changes that might take the centre ' up-market ' .	Plur
The onlookers , enraged about Radio Raheem 's death , blame Sal and his sons .	Plur
" The Docks of New York " was one of the last films of the silent era .	Plur
Mangroves are salt-tolerant trees , also called halophytes , and are adapted to life in harsh coastal conditions .	Plur
Mangroves are an important source of blue carbon .	Plur
Oil spills and leaks have destroyed many in the last 50 years , damaging the local fishing economy and water quality .	Plur
Mangroves live in many parts of the tropical and subtropical coastal zones of North and South America .	Plur
The Sundarbans in the Ganges-Brahmaputra delta extend from the Hooghly River in West Bengal to the Baleswar River in Bangladesh , covering an area of about .	Plur
The deltas of the Ganges , Mahanadi , Krishna , Godavari , and Kaveri rivers contain mangrove forests .	Plur
The Sundarbans is the largest mangrove forest in the world , located in the Ganges River delta in Bangladesh and West Bengal , India .	Plur
Mangroves occur in certain muddy swampy islands of the Maldives .	Plur
Mangroves are also present extensively in neighbouring Yemen .	Plur
Mangroves also appear in home aquariums , and as ornamental plants , such as in Japan .	Plur
In the last scene , Smithers converses with Lem , the leader of the rebellion .	Plur
The Exploits of Elaine is a 1914 American film serial in the damsel in distress genre of " The Perils of Pauline " ( 1914 ) .	Plur
Tracts of older forest are uncommon , and hence they are considered of considerable importance for conservation .	Plur
The edits have been in place in all subsequent theatrical and home video reissues .	Plur
The progressives divided into monarchists and constitutionalists , which made the instability worse , and in 1872 a violent outburst of interparty conflicts hit a peak .	Plur
When the door is unlocked the creature lunges at Frankenstein as Waldman injects the drug into the creature 's back .	Plur
In the film 's climax , the freaks attack the evil pair during a storm , wielding guns , knives , and other sharp-edged weapons .	Plur
" Freaks " began principal photography in October 1931 and was completed in December .	Plur
" Freaks " became the only MGM film ever to be pulled from release before completing its domestic engagements .	Plur
Nicknames are not very common .	Plur
Uyghur is notable for using four different forms , to distinguish both singular and plural in both formal and informal registers .	Plur
Christian Marian perspectives include a great deal of diversity .	Plur
Prayers and venerative practices vary a great deal .	Plur
Botticelli 's Virgins are always beautiful , in the same idealized way as his mythological figures , and often richly dressed in contemporary style .	Plur
Bonheur exhibited her work at the Palace of Fine Arts and The Woman 's Building at the 1893 World 's Columbian Exposition in Chicago , Illinois .	Plur
Bonheur never explicitly said she was a lesbian but her lifestyle and the way she talked about her female partners suggests this .	Plur
Andronikos attempted to flee by boat but was apprehended .	Plur
Several pretenders rose up and attempted to wrest the throne from Isaac during his reign .	Plur
Some medieval Chinese ballads like the " Liu chih-yuan chu-kung-tiao " ended each chapter on a cliffhanger to keep the audience in suspense .	Plur
Prior to the early 1980s , season-ending cliffhangers were rare on U.S. television .	Plur
Pareles also described other " Big Four " thrash metal bands Metallica and Megadeth as speed metal bands .	Plur
Other wide avenues in the area include Carrer d 'Aragó , Carrer de Balmes and Passeig de Sant Joan .	Plur
The ethnically and culturally Netherlandish duchies of Cleves and Julich did not join either .	Plur
The Moluccas are a group of islands west of New Guinea .	Plur
The oocysts are not infective when excreted .	Plur
However , these oocysts get buried in the soil , sporulate and remain infectious for periods ranging from several months to more than a year .	Plur
Australian marsupials are particularly susceptible to toxoplasmosis .	Plur
Balloons cannot reach it because the air is too thin , but satellites cannot orbit there because the air is too thick .	Plur
Ness had started the North Central Bible Institute , now North Central University , four years before moving to Seattle .	Plur
The seven original Gresham College Professorships that date back to the origins of the college are as follows :	Plur
The maintainers of the DOI system have deliberately not registered a DOI namespace for URNs , stating that :	Plur
Typical RTP set-ups allow multiple models to fly simultaneously on the same pole .	Plur
Contacts with the SD-HA and the editorial team of the SS weekly " Das schwarze Korps " intensified .	Plur
While much of the staff was not ecstatic about the primitive conditions , Sievers seemed to have embraced the isolation .	Plur
Some agnostics , however , are not nontheists but rather agnostic theists .	Plur
The Vosges is a region in north-eastern France close to the German border .	Plur
The Jeeps , armed with Vickers K and Browning machine guns , allowed the SAS to change their tactics .	Plur
Quarles was wounded in the left arm and at the end of the battle the highest-ranking officer standing in his brigade was a captain .	Plur
The dismounted cavalrymen of Hatch 's division charged the Confederate cavalrymen , also dismounted , and drove them back across the river .	Plur
There are some modellers in Great Britain who use HO scale , and the British 1 : 87 Scale Society was formed in 1994 .	Plur
Uniforms differ depending on the story .	Plur
Metaphors provide a model of abstract concepts in terms of familiar , concrete objects and experiences .	Plur
As a part of the company 's continued expansion efforts , Wegmans opened its fifth Maryland location in Columbia on June 17 , 2012 .	Plur
In late 2016 , Wegmans opened Virginia stores in Short Pump ( August ) , Midlothian , and Charlottesville ( November ) .	Plur
In June 2017 , Wegmans partnered with Instacart to provide home delivery service .	Plur
On January 30 , 2016 , Wegmans celebrated its 100th anniversary .	Plur
Wegmans was the parent company of Chase-Pitkin , a regional home improvement retailer .	Plur
On October 4 , 2005 , Wegmans announced that it would close all Chase-Pitkin stores by early 2006 and focus on its supermarket operations .	Plur
Wegmans began branding some products in 1979 , offering basic commodities at a lower price than national brands .	Plur
In 2002 , Wegmans launched a line of organic products .	Plur
Arctic breeding waders are a good example , with species such as little stint and curlew sandpiper usually being fairly common on passage .	Plur
Later biblical citation indexes are in the order of the canonical text .	Plur
Unlike modern scholarly citation indexes , only references to one work , the Bible , were indexed .	Plur
General-purpose , subscription-based academic citation indexes include :	Plur
Several open-access , subject-specific citation indexing services also exist , such as :	Plur
During the latest assault , Valkyrie pilot Hikaru Ichijyo rescues pop idol Lynn Minmay , but are both trapped in a section of the fortress for days .	Plur
Sea ravens , smelt , and herring are quite divergent lineages of teleost .	Plur
Motorways and expressways are part of the national road ( DK ) network .	Plur
Motorways are the only roads in Poland which use blue background on road signs - others use green road signs .	Plur
Expressways are different from motorways mainly in that they :	Plur
The standard bindings were ( with Microsoft Windows equivalents in parentheses ) :	Plur
But under pressure from Kalmyk warriors , the Nogais fled to the Crimea and the Kuban River .	Plur
The Kalmyks became Russian ally and a treaty to protect southern Russian borders was signed between the Kalmyk Khanate and Russia .	Plur
In 1724 the Kalmyks came under control of Russia .	Plur
By the early 18th century , there were approximately 300-350,000 Kalmyks and 15,000,000 Russians .	Plur
The Kalmyks revolted against Russia in 1926 , 1930 and 1942-1943 .	Plur
The Kalmyks founded sovereign Republic of Oirat-Kalmyk on March 22 , 1930 .	Plur
Several observatories existed on Cornell 's Central Campus in the later part of the 19th century and first decade of the 20th century .	Plur
The glass blanks were ground and polished into a 12-inch achromatic lens by Brashear & Co in 1920 .	Plur
“ The Joys of Life ” ( translation of Jinsei no kōfuku , three-act play , by Masamune Hakuchō ) .	Plur
In this city there are five mathas :	Plur
The Blondes lost the championship to The Super Destroyers ( Super Destroyer # 1 and Super Destroyer # 2 ) , but regained them the same night .	Plur
Stable vices are stereotypies of equines , especially horses .	Plur
Carols of All Seasons is a 1959 studio album by American folk singer Jean Ritchie .	Plur
Typically , however , Unit Colour Patches , consist of a red feature on a purple field .	Plur
In February 1944 , the Marauders began their four-month march over the Himalayas and through the Burmese jungle .	Plur
The pints also have a layer of chocolate ganache on the top , containing an impression of the Dove logo .	Plur
Natsir could reportedly speak numerous languages , including English , Dutch , French , German , and Arabic ; he was also capable of understanding Esperanto .	Plur
By 1832 , the Marshalls were members of the Church of England , and Marshall 's father had been Sheriff of Cumberland and MP for Yorkshire .	Plur
Traineeships and school based apprenticeships are also available . "	Plur
Production packers are those that remain in the well during well production .	Plur
In general , well completions may not incorporate a packer when the annular space is used as a production conduit .	Plur
Most packers are " permanent " and require milling in order to remove them from the casing .	Plur
Retrievable packers have a more complicated design and generally lower sealing and gripping capabilities , but after removal and subsequent servicing , they can be reused .	Plur
All packers fall into one or a combination of these .	Plur
Hydraulic-set packers use fluid pressure to drive the cone behind the slips .	Plur
Inflatable packers - use fluid pressure to inflate a long cylindrical tube of reinforced rubber to set the packer .	Plur
Pottery shards discovered at the site indicate that a first settlement there dates back to the Iron Age .	Plur
The colonels of the regiment were as follows :	Plur
To do this , the colonial Governors had the authority from the British crown to raise military and naval forces .	Plur
Another 303 Tasmanians served as part of Commonwealth units .	Plur
Following Federation , a further 736 Queenslanders would serve in Commonwealth units .	Plur
Some Vim and Emacs packages provide Brief functionality .	Plur
Guptas have 59.2 % family holding in Jagran Group.The late Narendra Mohan 's eldest son Sanjay Gupta is editor and CEO of " Jagran " .	Plur
Higgs spent most of her childhood in Lesotho , her adolescence and young adulthood in Johannesburg , and more recently lived for five years in Grahamstown .	Plur
Advertisers have full control of the message being sent to their audience .	Plur
Advertisers have full control of the message being sent to their audience .	Plur
The squires are slain , and the Champion defeats the Herald .	Plur
Here are some perspectives from participators when they recall the struggles of " Womanhouse " after 25 years later .	Plur
Folded towels sit on the shelves .	Plur
Another woman irons identical sheets over and over .	Plur
The slow pack mules , carrying reserve ammunition and guarded by Company B , had reached the marsh and were slaking their thirst .	Plur
The new banknotes each feature a portrait of a former president .	Plur
Taxpayers save additional money as prisoners who find employment post-release are less reliant on public financial assistance .	Plur
Every Cummins powered Dodge Pickup ( since initial production in 1989 ) has come equipped with a turbocharger .	Plur
Spectators could get very close to the balloons , as there was no fixed barricades separating the launch area .	Plur
The Terriers lost the series , but laid claim to the Turnbull Cup and ANAVET Cup titles the following season .	Plur
The Terriers capped off their dream season by winning the 2015 Royal Bank Cup on home ice in Portage la Prairie .	Plur
The Terriers dominated again the following season , putting up an impressive 31-game winning streak on their way to a second consecutive Turnbull Cup .	Plur
and certain sedatives that reduce intestinal movement may cause fecal matter to become too large , hard and / or dry to expel .	Plur
Osmotic laxatives can cause cramping and even severe pain as the patient 's attempts to evacuate the contents of the rectum are blocked by the fecal mass .	Plur
Mineral oil enemas can assist by lubricating the stool for easier passage .	Plur
Previous lecturers include Atlanta author Margaret Mitchell and Scottish entertainer and goodwill ambassador , Sir Henry Lauder .	Plur
The ben represents the combined living room and dormitory for the large Burns family .	Plur
Only on the eastern side , there are a few sand cays above the water .	Plur
Veterinarians also use xylazine as an emetic , especially in cats .	Plur
Xylazine overdose is usually fatal in humans .	Plur
If matches get + 1 , mismatches get -1 , then the substitution matrix is :	Plur
Performance benchmarks of this software package show up to 10 fold speed acceleration relative to standard software implementation on the same processor .	Plur
Fonts is a Canadian born musician while Sonnier hails from Vinton , Louisiana .	Plur
Fonts has spurred controversy for his political views , particularly his opposition to abortion and view that transgenderism is a mental illness .	Plur
Synthetic detergents represented an improvement in laundry washing because these synthetic materials are less susceptible to hard water .	Plur
Younkers also assumed about $ 9 million in liabilities of the division .	Plur
Thiès is the third largest city in Senegal with a population officially estimated at 320,000 in 2005 .	Plur
The continents featured are North America , South America , Eurasia , Europe , Africa , Australia , and Asia .	Plur
Many city-dwellers lead a fast-paced life with very little time for other activities owing to a significant amount of time spent on daily commuting .	Plur
Suffixes on nouns serve to mark singulative ( " -tic , -təs " ) , generic , and plural forms .	Plur
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas ( formerly Aladdin ) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada .	Plur
Hilton Grand Vacations operates the timeshare portion of the property , known as Elara .	Plur
Caesars does not own Prive Nightclub , nor some restaurants in the hotel .	Plur
Through a licensing agreement , Caesars now has the right to use the Planet Hollywood trademark at other properties worldwide .	Plur
The TLC show " Trading Spaces " took place at the Aladdin in a 2004 episode .	Plur
Nicknames and cognomen include Gogi , Gogo .	Plur
Labels may include images of works by Picasso , Chagall , and other artists , and these may be collector 's pieces .	Plur
Labels may include terms that may be perceived as misleading .	Plur
Labels of Vin de pays never include the word château .	Plur
Royalties meant that he did not have to work , and EA eventually gave up asking Budge for another project .	Plur
But by the mid-1970s recorded work became rarer and stage work took preference .	Plur
Three dips in the village green mark the site where as many as 1,500 people were buried in massive lime pits .	Plur
Savage Orcs are a sub-breed of Orc from Games Workshop 's " Warhammer Fantasy " setting for their games .	Plur
Savage orcs use weapons made of stone or bone and do not wear armour , though their bodies are marked with ritual tattoos .	Plur
As part of an Orc & Goblin army , Savage Orcs are berserker troops , who fight with little regard to their own personal safety .	Plur
There are many indices available on issues such as corruption , development , and freedom .	Plur
Taxpayers can only claim the exemption once every two years .	Plur
Statues of Stjepan Radić are also common .	Plur
Unlike psoriatic arthritis , osteoarthritis does not typically involve inflammation of the sacroiliac joint .	Plur
Biologics may increase the risk of minor and serious infections .	Plur
These civitates went all the way around Scandinavia to the Arctic , or at least to regions of very long days , where they stopped .	Plur
Surveyors studied the area in 1832 followed by squatters who settled the region .	Plur
British Insulated Cables had founded Automatic Telephone Manufacturing Company in November 1911 to manufacture the Strowger system under licence from the Automatic Electric Company of Chicago .	Plur
Wayans later claimed that he wanted to be fired due to lack of creative freedom and screen time .	Plur
With his brother Keenen , Wayans created the Fox sketch comedy series " In Living Color " , which had a mostly African-American cast .	Plur
In September 2015 , Wayans defended American comedian Bill Cosby from his sexual assault accusations , stating , " It 's a money hustle " .	Plur
Tolstoy contends that works marked by such techniques " do not convey any feeling , but only affect the nerves " .	Plur
Local watersheds contribute the remaining 18 % .	Plur
Northern caracaras inhabit various types of open and semi-open country .	Plur
Indian folklorists during the last thirty years have substantially contributed to the study of folklore .	Plur
These two folklorists conducted their field work on Epic of Siri and led the Indian folklorists to the new folklore study .	Plur
Gonds have their folk hero Chital Singh Chhatti .	Plur
Concerned for the urban poor , the Populares supported laws regarding the provision of a grain dole for the poor by the state at a subsidized price .	Plur
At times , the Populares also supported the extension of Roman citizenship to Rome 's Italic allies .	Plur
The Populares reached the height of their ascendancy four times .	Plur
During the time of Augustus , a " nobilis " enjoyed easier access to the consulship , with a lowered age requirement perhaps set at 32 .	Plur
Loos had worked as a carpenter in the USA .	Plur
Fiennes inherited his father 's baronetcy , becoming the 3rd Baronet of Banbury , at his birth .	Plur
Fiennes then returned to be educated at Sandroyd School , Wiltshire and then at Eton College .	Plur
Originally Fiennes had planned to run the first marathon on King George Island , Antarctica .	Plur
Fiennes later said that he forgot to pack his heart-rate monitor , and therefore did not know how fast his heart was beating .	Plur
Fiennes had to pull out of The Coldest Journey expedition on 25 February 2013 because of frostbite and was evacuated from Antarctica .	Plur
Fiennes married his childhood sweetheart Virginia ( " Ginny " ) Pepper on 9 September 1970 .	Plur
Fiennes later received the Royal Geographical Society 's Founder 's Medal .	Plur
Most modern Linux distributions turn this back on .	Plur
Some LCDs compensate the inter-pixel color mix effect by having borders between pixels slightly larger than borders between subpixels .	Plur
The Grasshoppers were also the house band on the " Big 5 Show " , a musical variety TV show produced by WEWS-TV in Cleveland .	Plur
Androcles also became a sculptural subject .	Plur
S / MIME signatures are usually " detached signatures " : the signature information is separate from the text being signed .	Plur
In April 2007 , the wharf reopened for a three-month trial coinciding with the reopening of the island as a tourist attraction .	Plur
Rickshaws , known as " Raksha " in Sudan , is the most common mean of transportation followed by the bus in the capital Khartoum .	Plur
Rickshaws are forbidden in the capital , Islamabad .	Plur
Sri Lankan three-wheelers are of the style of the light Phnom Penh-type .	Plur
Most three-wheelers are available as hired vehicles , with few being used to haul goods or as private company or advertising vehicles .	Plur
Rods respond only to faint levels of light and are very light sensitive , therefore , completely useless in daylight because bright light bleaches them .	Plur
Cables had previously been laid on the floor of the harbour , but damaged by ships dragging their anchors .	Plur
Robots are usually anthropomorphic , to the point of being divided into sexes .	Plur
Fittings include the 28 lever frame , key box , 1927 Indicator board , 1969 indicator board , original timber desk and bells .	Plur
Markings of imported British steel manufacturers are visible , both Lanarkshire , and Dorman Long & Co . , Middlesbrough .	Plur
In 1930 , the first meatworks opened .	Plur
Longboard surfers arrived in the 1960s and used natural breaks at The Pass , Watego 's , and Cosy Corner .	Plur
Beneath the Cascades , a dense oceanic plate plunges beneath the North American Plate ; a process known as subduction .	Plur
The steaming fumaroles and explosive geysers are ample evidence of a concentration of heat beneath the surface .	Plur
Great accumulations of dune sand hardened to form sweeping arcs in cross-bedded sandstone .	Plur
Eruptions from volcanic mountain ranges to the west buried vast regions beneath ashy debris .	Plur
Sediments eroding from the rising Rocky Mountains to the west washed into the sea and deposited as layered wedges of fine debris .	Plur
The Appalachians started to uplift , while the Ouachita and Ozarks did not .	Plur
The ' quickies ' also serve to produce material goods necessary to maintain a high standard of living .	Plur
Compounds adopting the NiAs structure are generally the chalcogenides , arsenides , antimonides and bismuthides of transition metals .	Plur
Channels with strong tidal currents , known locally as " holes " , separate the islands from each other and the mainland .	Plur
Some overlaps between the different methods exist as they all share the system approach and to some extent the mass balance principle .	Plur
Ruská Nová Ves ( ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .	Plur
Next came a series " Barriers , " in which cropped , abstracted imagery of road barriers were superimposed over the one-point perspectival highway vistas .	Plur
Loons belong to the family " Gaviidae " , hence the shopping center 's namesake .	Plur
Saks Off Fifth closed on January 17 , 2015 , and relocated across the street to Minneapolis City Center .	Plur
Loons belong to the family " Gaviidae " , hence the shopping center 's namesake .	Plur
The five grocers joined together to keep advertising costs low and pool their purchasing power .	Plur
Peebles and Southern Midlothian was a county constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom ( Westminster ) from 1918 to 1950 .	Plur
The Iowa Caucuses have historically been the first held in the United States .	Plur
Therefore , the Iowa Caucuses have always been traditionally the leading state in the nominating process .	Plur
At that caucus , Edwards 's aides claimed that this request helped put him in second place .	Plur
Still , oldies would dominate his playlist .	Plur
The Wellington Barracks are to the north-east .	Plur
In 1978 , " Mamas Don 't Let Your Babies Grow up to Be Cowboys " was recorded by Willie Nelson and Waylon Jennings .	Plur
Among the staple foodstuffs of the Native Americans was the acorn .	Plur
Gittings later said of it : " His speech shook up psychiatry .	Plur
The waterworks opened in 1912 , and the Kinder Reservoir had a capacity of and covered .	Plur
Cornelis ' Kees ' Dopper ( 7 February 1870 , Stadskanaal – 19 September 1939 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch composer , conductor and teacher .	Plur
The glen runs from the bottom of the main street through to neighbouring Steelend .	Plur
Additional alter egos included the adventurer " Hugh Gilmore . "	Plur
Reprints of the Green Lama stories from the eight-issue Spark series are available in two hardcover archive volumes produced by Dark Horse Comics in 2008 .	Plur
Castor 's closest confidants , lost without their supply of the drug , make at attempt to rescue Castor but capture Janet instead , kidnapping her .	Plur
At the moment of victory , however , the drug addicts make one final revenge attempt , killing Castor and Lariarty , although Janet and Barbara survive .	Plur
Such polysaccharides include pectin , dextran , agar , and xanthan .	Plur
Some lipids are linear aliphatic molecules , while others have ring structures .	Plur
Most lipids have some polar character in addition to being largely nonpolar .	Plur
Nuts , grains and legumes provide vegetable sources of protein , and protein combining of vegetable sources is used to achieve complete protein nutritional quotas from vegetables .	Plur
Vitamins are nutrients required in small amounts for essential metabolic reactions in the body .	Plur
Wilts & Dorset received 9 Visionaires for use on the Purbeck Breezer services linking Swanage with Wareham , Poole and Bournemouth .	Plur
Redwings and cormorants are common visitors to the island in winter .	Plur
London Derbies are the various football local derbies between the teams in London , England .	Plur
Being epiphytic , bromeliads can grow almost anywhere - on the side of a tree or planted in the ground .	Plur
The Jackals is a 1967 DeLuxe Color Western film from 20th Century Fox filmed at Killarney Film Studios South Africa .	Plur
Werewolves in either form have only a hazy recollection of events in their other form .	Plur
The main cargoes were coal , which was brought to the villages served by the canal , and grain , which was exported via the canal .	Plur
Other cargoes included incoming timber , which was stored in one of the warehouses for seasoning , together with outgoing stone and reeds .	Plur
Macduff swears revenge and joins forces with Malcolm to overthrow Macbeth .	Plur
One kanji in each of the five Go-ongers ' given names contains a variation of the radical for .	Plur
Drinks are available for purchase .	Plur
Javelins are long tubes built using foam and adhesive , containing a ½ " PVC or hollow fiberglass core .	Plur
Together with his father , the concertizing child prodigy had died .	Plur
Fétis , director of the Conservatoire in Brussels , organized a private concert on February 11 at which Liszt performed to an audience of 150 .	Plur
Many aldehydes are toxic to living cells .	Plur
These beacons provide this lighting by glowing red , the standard colour used in aviation for warning beacons .	Plur
Draws take place on Tuesdays and Fridays on E.tv at 21 : 00 .	Plur
Draws take place on Tuesdays and Fridays on E.tv at 21 : 00 .	Plur
Here several Legion-of-Frontiersmen and Samoan interpreters joined the SEF and it then sailed for Samoa on 27 August .	Plur
Upon receiving this news , the troopships began transferring the New Zealand soldiers into launches and shuttling them to shore .	Plur
The 40 botanicals that make up Amaro Montenegro come from four continents .	Plur
All telegrams begin and end at the master .	Plur
Processes exist that configure the new device , and announce its availability to the master control .	Plur
There were no wholesalers or resellers .	Plur
Since the molar fractions satisfy the relation	Plur
In some areas , the Chichimecas cultivated maize and calabash .	Plur
From the mesquite , the Chichimecas made white bread and wine .	Plur
There are several accesses , with a main access on the west side .	Plur
Academicians include Basil Blackshaw , Victor Sloan , TP Flanagan , Graham Gingles , Jean Duncan , Neil Shawcross and Jack Pakenham .	Plur
Additionally , small eggars ’ tents are bright white and not well-concealed , so they are easily located and damaged by predators like birds .	Plur
Reactions vary in severity , but typically present as an itchy rash that spreads from the area of contact and can develop red bumps and papules .	Plur
Faroese Paralympians have won a total of thirteen medals , of which one gold , seven silver and five bronze .	Plur
Orchestral Manoeuvres in Belfast is a 2008 Duke Special live album .	Plur
The Smithies Peak , sometimes incorrectly called Smithies Towers , is a mountain in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania , Australia .	Plur
Havers carded a third consecutive 73 on Friday morning to carry a two-stroke lead over Hagen into the final round that afternoon .	Plur
Havers , however , chipped in from the bunker to post a 76 for 295 .	Plur
After his win , Havers made a tour of the United States and defeated both Bobby Jones and Gene Sarazen in match play contests .	Plur
Amateurs and a U.S. Open , Jones played steady golf and carded two rounds of 72 to co-lead with Bill Mehlhorn at the midway point .	Plur
Havers , playing well behind Sarazen , needed a 69 to win , but made the turn in 37 and could not close the gap .	Plur
The Luminous Fairies and Mothra ( 発光妖精とモスラ ) is a serialized novel written by Takehiko Fukunaga , Shinichiro Nakamura , and Yoshie Hotta .	Plur
Downloadable audiobooks and Ebooks are available for cardholders through the NH Downloadable Book Consortium website .	Plur
Most salons are 800 – 1000 square feet , with a minimum frontage of 15 feet .	Plur
The salons operate primarily on a " walk-in " or no appointment necessary basis .	Plur
Harries had been looking for television scripts that would reflect the lives of people from his generation — people in their 30s who were under-represented on television .	Plur
While SR 38 terminates here , US 11 follows the highway east into downtown Chattanooga .	Plur
Sogdians and Chinese engaged in extensive commercial activities with each other under Tang rule .	Plur
The Sogdians were mostly Mazdaist at this time .	Plur
The Tibetans took control of Turfan in 792 .	Plur
In 803 , the Uyghurs of the Uyghur Khaganate seized Turfan from the Tibetans .	Plur
The Uyghurs established a Kingdom in the Turpan region with its capital in Gaochang or Kara-Khoja .	Plur
The Uyghurs were Manichaean but later converted to Buddhism and funded the construction the cave temples in the Bezeklik Caves .	Plur
The Uyghurs formed an alliance with the rulers of Dunhuang .	Plur
Extremes have ranged from to , although a reading of in July 1975 is regarded as dubious .	Plur
Preferences from the Fishing Party kept the National Party 's Barnaby Joyce ahead of Family First and Pauline Hanson .	Plur
Experiences are almost all virtual , and anything deemed authentic ( such as coffee and cigarettes ) has either been banned or replaced by synthetic substitutes .	Plur
The Lebanese and Syrian currencies split in 1948 .	Plur
Orbiting geodesics with some angular momentum perpendicular to the axis of rotation of the black hole will orbit on photon spheres between these two extremes .	Plur
In this sense , the Kerr vacuums are the simplest stationary axisymmetric asymptotically flat vacuum solutions in general relativity .	Plur
French parterres originated in the gardens of the French Renaissance of the 15th century and often had the form of knot gardens .	Plur
In the UK , modern parterres exist at Trereife Park in Penzance ( Cornwall ) , at Drumlanrig Castle in Dumfriesshire and at Bodysgallen Hall near Llandudno .	Plur
In some versions his mother faints in shock upon seeing her son leave .	Plur
Falling cherry blossoms are a common symbol of impermanence , a prevalent theme of the novel .	Plur
String literals may not contain embedded newlines ; this proscription somewhat simplifies parsing of the language .	Plur
Brackets define their own scope , and variables defined inside those brackets will be automatically	Plur
YDS or yds may refer to :	Plur
By about 250 BC , the Seleucids lost their territories to Parthians , an Iranian tribe from Central Asia .	Plur
OCM provides matching funds to states for CZMP ( 1 : 1 ) .	Plur
Liabilities of the village were not clearly stated in the village 's financial statements .	Plur
Furthermore , these dialogs are primitive , mostly unchanged since 1984 .	Plur
Ancient Greek mathematicians were among the earliest to make a distinction between pure and applied mathematics .	Plur
At the start of the twentieth century mathematicians took up the axiomatic method , strongly influenced by David Hilbert 's example .	Plur
The Saffarids rose to power in 867 AD in Zaranj and made Farah part of their empire .	Plur
The Shias are mainly the ethnic Hazaras .	Plur
The sluices play a major role in the drainage of the fens , being at the confluence of five watercourses .	Plur
On overcast days , the blossoms may remain open for longer .	Plur
There are four major builds of each version of Stata :	Plur
Two different radiators were available , with a larger version for tropical climes .	Plur
Publication bias refers to the fact that studies with null results are often not written up for publication or accepted for publication ( Begg , 1994 ) .	Plur
By 1969 , no new Westerns were debuting .	Plur
Circle Square Ranches , founded by Crossroads , are Christian-based non-profit camps welcoming children of any faith and race .	Plur
Smith 's fractures are less common than Colles ' fractures .	Plur
Its signature confections are Champagne Truffles , the first of its kind .	Plur
There are several anachronisms in the picture .	Plur
4 Academic Board reps - who alongside attending and representing students at Council , also represent students at the College 's 4 Academic Boards .	Plur
These tricycles usually are the mode of transport when night falls .	Plur
5-MeO-DET inhibits serotonin reuptake with an IC value of 2.4 µM and activates 5-HT receptors with an EC value of 8.11 nM .	Plur
Petals are small , very fine pubescent .	Plur
From 1840 to 1846 , Alexandrians petitioned Congress and the Virginian legislature to approve retrocession .	Plur
Ataşehir separated from Kadıköy in 2009 elections .	Plur
Two jockeys have won the race twice :	Plur
Liners generally have a pore structure that is designed to retain the majority of cement and other small fines .	Plur
When the animal matures , the yellow coloration changes to a bright reddish orange color in contrast to the animals darker striped body and black feet .	Plur
" Making Fiends " carries a rating of TV-Y7 ( FV ( fantasy violence for some episodes . ) .	Plur
If that were so , these immunities could be much older than they are generally thought to be .	Plur
The other aides were Tsarong and Kunpella , who were both from peasant stock .	Plur
During the Great Famine , workhouses became so overwhelmed that large numbers of paupers were assisted to emigrate .	Plur
" Promises , Promises " was Anderson 's second major hit .	Plur
" Andenes " is a village in Norway .	Plur
Coach Stallings elected to go for it , but Derrick Lassic was tackled for a 1-yard loss .	Plur
Youngsters living outside Reykjavík can take the course in an intensive two-week version .	Plur
Nagas are children of Kashyapa and Kadru .	Plur
The Nairs of Kerala are clans which are believed to have originated from the serpent dynasty .	Plur
Nagas are snakes that may take human form .	Plur
The audience roars with laughter at Jerry 's fumbling attempts to climb a rope ladder while holding the bike .	Plur
Forms of rudeness include acting inconsiderate , insensitive , deliberately offensive , impolite , a faux pas , obscenity , profanity and violating taboos such as deviancy .	Plur
Many behaviours can be rude .	Plur
Similarly , poor table manners can disturb or disgust nearby people , as can yawning , coughing , farting or sneezing without covering the mouth .	Plur
Other rude behaviours have the effect of communicating disrespect for other people .	Plur
During an emergency that would require a response from multiple agencies , dispatchers are quickly able to identify what county a particular piece of apparatus came from .	Plur
Some web widgets though serve as user-selectable customizations of the host page itself ( My Yahoo !	Plur
Web widgets can affect page rank in two ways .	Plur
Detectable Warnings shall consist of a surface of truncated domes and shall comply with 705 .	Plur
Detectable Warning Surfaces shall contrast visually with adjacent walking surfaces either light-on-dark , or dark-on-light .	Plur
Therme Vals is the hotel / spa complex in Vals , built over the only thermal springs in the Graubünden canton in Switzerland .	Plur
Two mobiles using the same pESN within the same base-station area ( operating on the same frequency ) can result in call setup and page failures .	Plur
Local VJs and hosts who have appeared on MTV Adria over the years include :	Plur
Most important Bosnian overlords - Hrvoje Vukcic , Sandalj Hranic , Pavao Radenovic , and Vuk Zlatonosovic from Usora Bannate were present with their contingents .	Plur
The two other lecturers were Ricardo Puno , justice minister of the Philippines and Dr. Apirat Petchsiri of Thailand .	Plur
Indeed , " Celebrity Duets " was meant to be transmitted in the UK first , under the title " Star Duets . "	Plur
Thales supplies the Head-up display ( HUD ) , navigational forward-looking IR system NAVFLIR and the Damocles targeting pod .	Plur
Cash 's autobiographies were the basis for the biopic " Walk the Line " in 2005 .	Plur
Olives may appear , along with rucola or romaine lettuce to augment the basil .	Plur
Spell checkers and grammar checkers are two applications that aid in the automatic proofreading process of written work .	Plur
In general , spell checkers can operate one of two modes , the interactive spell checking mode or the batch spell checking .	Plur
Grammar checkers are a type of computerised application which non-native speakers can make use of to proofread their writings as such programs endeavor to identify syntactical errors .	Plur
Currently , grammar checkers are incapable of inspecting the linguistic or even syntactic correctness of text as a whole .	Plur
Grammar checkers are unable to detect semantic errors in a correctly structured syntax order ; i.e .	Plur
grammar checkers do not register the error when the sentence structure is syntactically correct but semantically meaningless .	Plur
Theatres and festivals she visited include : the Dance Theatre Workshop and Serious Fun !	Plur
A single-piston pump delivers liquid to the outlet only during the discharge stroke .	Plur
Liquids are only very slightly compressible .	Plur
Gases are much more compressible .	Plur
The only confirmations particularly relevant are those of risky predictions , such as ones conventionally predicted to fail .	Plur
The debuts of the two characters were so close that it is impossible to say which came first .	Plur
The MacDonalds kept a number of servants , including grooms to look after the many horses and carriages owned by the family .	Plur
The MacDonalds enjoyed the house for over a decade , but by 1909 he was not in good health .	Plur
Dicks renovated the house , intending to turn it into a hotel .	Plur
The following subchannels are broadcasting since June 1 , 2018 .	Plur
In the German states and Bohemia , gowns remained short-waisted , tight-laced but without corsets .	Plur
These hoods became more complex and structured over time .	Plur
First-time brides wore their hair loose , in token of virginity , and a wreath or chaplet of orange blossoms was traditional .	Plur
Portraits produced during the Renaissance provide an invaluable resource for visualizing and understanding the beauty ideals of the period .	Plur
Shoulders lost their padding and developed a slight slope .	Plur
Odeh wrestles several men and wins in all the fights ; King Oche , the King of Otukpo and Inale 's father declares Odeh the winner .	Plur
The show 's stylists commented that Morello 's look is also inspired by bridal make-up .	Plur
In the melodramatic video , non-actors " deliver an amusingly fraught dialogue reflecting on the hubris of the haute bourgeoisie . "	Plur
Total calories can vary depending on ingredients used .	Plur
Several rustic or equipment campgrounds are available in the zec .	Plur
The genealogists even went so far as to try tracing origins to personages and events in the Old Testament .	Plur
The exonyms used by other tribes for the Pochury include :	Plur
All dowries have to be clear before marriage ceremony .	Plur
The Playboys returned to Australia with Rowe in July 1967 .	Plur
Additionally , chipmunks and red-spotted newts inhabit the stream 's watershed .	Plur
Following his release by Barnsley , Oates find it strange to leave Barnsley for fourteen years , but accepted the knowledge of moving on .	Plur
The Grahams expanded the operation , but sold the northern of the property to John R. Daniels and Mary Coe Daniels of Presidio in 1937 .	Plur
There were prebends of Coppenhall , Stretton , Shareshill , Dunston , Penkridge , Congreve , and Longridge .	Plur
Once the deanery became fixed on the archbishops of Dublin , the deans were almost always absentees .	Plur
Land leases - typically of twenty years - gave them effective management of larger and larger estates .	Plur
There were quarrymen , traders , and many others .	Plur
The Growlers are an American band formed in Dana Point , California in 2006 , now based in Costa Mesa .	Plur
The Growlers have toured with artists such as The Black Keys , Devendra Banhart , Julian Casablancas , Night Beats , and Jonathan Richman .	Plur
The Growlers have headlined both Saturday and Sunday night of the annual Beach Goth festival since its inception .	Plur
The Terriers play their home games at Brooklyn Bridge Park on Pier 5 , which is also located in Brooklyn Heights .	Plur
The Terriers play their home games at Brooklyn Bridge Park on Pier 5 , which is also located in Brooklyn Heights .	Plur
Prior to 2007 , the Terriers played their home games at Belson Stadium , on the St. John 's University campus in Queens .	Plur
Since joining the NEC in 1985 , the Terriers have compiled a 124 – 108 – 24 record in conference play .	Plur
The Terriers have appeared in 8 NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Championships and in 3 play-ins .	Plur
Localities on the lagoon include Kaliningrad , Baltiysk , and Primorsk in Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast and Elbląg , Tolkmicko , Frombork , Krynica Morska in Poland .	Plur
The Delaware Sportswriters and Broadcasters Association named him Delaware 's Outstanding Athlete of 2011 .	Plur
As he ran out of money again , Doyle pawns a police revolver he was given after he helped the police solve a case .	Plur
Outsiders should be able to see the cultural from a neutral perspective and not judge the culture before understanding it .	Plur
During the mid-1880s , Joseph Fahys & Co marketed a range of Dust Proof Cases which were resistant to dirt and water .	Plur
The Contras had financial and military support from the Central Intelligence Agency of the U.S .	Plur
Some Sandinistas had earlier endorsed the Communist crack-down on Poland 's labor movement , Solidarity .	Plur
From 2006 , the SPC had players from at least 15 countries in the field each year held .	Plur
The tubers get dormant if temperature gets too low .	Plur
These emulsions would come with smaller particles , are expected to have a longer shelf life and an give off an enhanced appearance when sold at retailers .	Plur
Conjunctival concretions are generally asymptomatic .	Plur
Conjunctival concretions can be single , also multiple , less confluent .	Plur
When playing khuru , heavy wooden darts pointed with a nail are thrown at a paperback-sized target to away .	Plur
There are dog waste bins throughout the trail where owners can dispose of garbage .	Plur
The spiny phyllaries along the sides of the flower head are green with brownish tips .	Plur
From his interviews with Edwards , Stowe wrote a biography called " Crusoe of Lonesome Lake " ( 1957 ) .	Plur
Stowe saw Edwards as a modern-day Robinson Crusoe , self-sufficiently carving a bountiful existence out of harsh but beautiful land .	Plur
Trans-Love Energies may refer to :	Plur
Currently , no cultured isolates of CAP exist , so the phylogeny of CAP strains is based purely of molecular biology techniques .	Plur
" There [ are ] aisles and clerestory windows without those divisional units which usually separate aisles from the central part of the church .	Plur
Notably , the work Perl Best Practices provides a set of PerlTidy configurations to match the syntax prescriptions in that book .	Plur
Gustavo Nascimento Bastos ( born 15 July 1983 in Pelotas ) , or simply Gustavo Bastos , is a Brazilian football Centre back .	Plur
The many cow pastures give the area an Alpine character .	Plur
Among the first registrants was the Viennese Volksoper .	Plur
U.S. stock indices also fell as a result .	Plur
Upstairs were the Costume Gallery and the Pharmacy Gallery .	Plur
" Habits of the Heart " received general acclaim from music critics .	Plur
Notable larger toolkits that are used ( and often created by ) creative coders are :	Plur
Cyclical economic downturns routinely dissolved worker collective actions , and wage reductions , though resisted , were common during downturns in the economy .	Plur
The first steam railmotors in South Africa were the Cape Government Railways steam railmotor no .	Plur
Crimmins founded two comedy clubs , The Ding Ho and Stitches , in the 1980s in Boston .	Plur
On June 4 , 2016 , Crimmins shot a special , " Whatever Threatens You " , in Lawrence , Kansas for Louis C.K .	Plur
In 2016 , Crimmins endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States during the 2016 presidential election .	Plur
Powys is the largest administrative county in Wales .	Plur
There are 52 Iron Age hillforts , defensive and other enclosures including settlements and hut sites .	Plur
The Barangays of Marikina , city in Metro Manila , Philippines include :	Plur
Workers are around 12-15 millimetres long , queens are 22 millimetres and males are only 14 millimetres .	Plur
Drones are smaller at 15.5 millimetres .	Plur
Miriam Pires ( April 20 , 1926 – September 7 , 2004 ) was a Brazilian actress .	Plur
Some cuckoos eat the larvae too .	Plur
Henley proposed that the case be brought before the House of Lords , but Osborne and Millar refused , fearing a decisive rejection of their position .	Plur
Scaptesyle mirabilis is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae .	Plur
Their head is black , the mandibles and anterior coxae is a brown colour .	Plur
Helsingfors IFK ( HIFK ) has won the most titles as of 2014 .	Plur
The mandibles are the same colour as the legs and antennae .	Plur
Tomkins had played just 17 games for her local club , Penrith Ramettes , prior to being drafted by the GWS Giants .	Plur
Nevertheless , the smears and suspicion continued unabated and Tange maintained a correspondence with ASIO about Throssell .	Plur
The Upanishads have given four Mahāvākyas or grand proclamations corresponding to four prescribed practices viz .	Plur
Several obituaries of Kermode took the same title , including those that appeared in " The Daily Telegraph " and the journal " Common Knowledge " .	Plur
On 16 February 2014 , Meneses made his professional debut with Oliveirense in a 2013 – 14 Segunda Liga match against Sporting Covilhã .	Plur
Rõivas speaks Estonian , English , Russian , Ukrainian and Finnish .	Plur
Hamlets include Riverston and Knockmacart .	Plur
Militias were indiscriminate about the ages of those assaulted , and there was a marked tendency towards younger women and girls believed to be virgins .	Plur
In 1998 the Boston Women Communicators honored her with its Legacy Award in recognition of her impact as a role model and successful career woman in communications .	Plur
True oysters are members of the family Ostreidae .	Plur
Pearls can form in both saltwater and freshwater environments .	Plur
Pearl oysters are not closely related to true oysters , being members of a distinct family , the feathered oysters ( Pteriidae ) .	Plur
Oysters are filter feeders , drawing water in over their gills through the beating of cilia .	Plur
Oysters feed most actively at temperatures above .	Plur
While some oysters have two sexes ( European oyster and Olympia oyster ) , their reproductive organs contain both eggs and sperm .	Plur
As a keystone species , oysters provide habitat for many marine species .	Plur
Oysters usually reach maturity in one year .	Plur
Bay oysters usually spawn from the end of June until mid-August .	Plur
Some tropical oysters , such as the mangrove oyster in the family Ostreidae , grow best on mangrove roots .	Plur
Oysters influence nutrient cycling , water filtration , habitat structure , biodiversity , and food web dynamics .	Plur
In the early 19th century , oysters were cheap and mainly eaten by the working class .	Plur
Oysters were an important food source in all coastal areas where they could be found , and oyster fisheries were an important industry where they were plentiful .	Plur
Unlike most shellfish , oysters can have a fairly long shelf life of up to four weeks .	Plur
Oysters can contain harmful bacteria .	Plur
Oysters are filter feeders , so will naturally concentrate anything present in the surrounding water .	Plur
Fresh oysters must be alive just before consumption or cooking .	Plur
Oysters which are open and unresponsive are dead and must be discarded .	Plur
Opening oysters , referred to as " oyster-shucking " , requires skill .	Plur
Oysters are subject to various diseases which can reduce harvests and severely deplete local populations .	Plur
Fifteen revelations now found in the Doctrine and Covenants were received in Harmony .	Plur
His moral justifications disintegrate completely as he struggles with guilt and horror , and confronts the real world consequences of his deed .	Plur
Pre-orders of the EP came with the instant-grat track " Dreamer " .	Plur
Paramedics come and wheel Jesse away to the hospital as Hank stares in awe .	Plur
In the Old Kingdom , there was the office ' overseer of the house of eternity ' .	Plur
Diggings and research allowed to reconstruct the habits of the populations from the Upper Paleolithic and the subsequent historical periods who inhabited them .	Plur
Riyaz eavesdrops and hears his sister-in-law quarrel with his brother on Riyaz 's accommodation at their house .	Plur
The Ismailis then proclaimed Ridwan as ruler of Apamea .	Plur
Ley exhibited her work at the Woman 's Building at the 1893 World 's Columbian Exposition in Chicago , Illinois .	Plur
College esports began around 2010 as different schools began forming esports clubs that play any of the variety of esports games in college tournaments .	Plur
The three bandmembers bonded over their mutual tastes of music , specifically musicians such as McLusky , Pavement , Television and Kraftwerk .	Plur
Stone obelisks mark the spot .	Plur
From the start of 1947 , ingots of uranium irradiated at the F-1 reactor had begun to arrive at the Institute to extract the plutonium .	Plur
Hambone 's Meditations was a comic strip produced from 1916 to 1968 , and syndicated initially by the McClure Newspaper Syndicate and later by the Bell Syndicate .	Plur
Bailey Sweets are for eating , not cooking .	Plur
Predictably , ms / LCI requires high signal sensitivity in order to detect high-depth multiply scattered photons .	Plur
The arrears were so great that they impeded the ability of the state to receive future IMF resources .	Plur
Daggers is the plural of dagger .	Plur
MNS may encode the " concept " of an action , not just the sensory and motor information associated with an action .	Plur
There are two groups , participations , which are held on behalf of the city , and participations , which are held in connection with promotion tasks .	Plur
The seat aligns between the back supports .	Plur
Mechanisms vary , but the supports for the back and the front feet are invariably the same part .	Plur
Plymouth Pavilions is one of the only indoor centres with an Ice rink in Devon .	Plur
Algiers also has a significant Kabyle population , where they make up more than half of the capital 's population .	Plur
But there are fools and scoundrels still today .	Plur
Other ICES subsystems included STRUDL , BRIDGE , LEASE , PROJECT , ROADS and TRANSET , and the internal languages ICETRAN and CDL .	Plur
Flers is a commune near the northern edge of the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France .	Plur
There are also the traditional underground dungeons and a tunnel that leads to the Church of San Francesco .	Plur
After Cable battles Omega Red , the Acolytes offer Cable a truce and help in defeating their mutal enemy .	Plur
Milan ponders doubts that Exodus might not be the best leader .	Plur
Graphs and charts help the gamer to select the strongest team possible against particular opposition .	Plur
Media bias can cause misunderstandings and cultural divide by controlling the information and perceptions of other cultures .	Plur
For example , media bias in the United States can exacerbate the political divide between the liberals and the conservatives .	Plur
The twin mountings were not ready in time and so singles were first used , and the twins fitted later .	Plur
The sentinels also declared that they had heard strange sounds , and the Commissioners decided to retire to the village inn .	Plur
Seminars and courses in several western universities examine the events .	Plur
With the adoption of the Space Shuttle design , these avenues appear to have been abandoned .	Plur
Rags to Riches is a side-scrolling action-adventure game released in 1985 for the Commodore 64 , developed by Bob Keener and published by Melody Hall Publishing Corp .	Plur
The lithologies found are halite ( " rock salt " ) , anhydrite , dolostone , and shale .	Plur
Microphones , amplifiers and recording systems all add some electronic noise to the signals passing through them , generally described as hum , buzz or hiss .	Plur
The eighteen who were awarded this distinction were :	Plur
The species reproduces aseasonally ( throughout the year ) and synchronously in response to food abundance .	Plur
" The Yavanas are omniscient ; the Suras are particularly so .	Plur
" The Panchalas observe the duties enjoined in the Vedas ; the Kauravas observe truth ; the Matsyas and the Surasenas perform sacrifices .	Plur
When the Pandavas were exiled by Duryodhana , both the Panchalas and Yadavas visited them along with other cousins like the Chedis and Kekeyas .	Plur
Panchalas were the closest among all the allies of the Pandavas in the Kurukshetra War .	Plur
The Panchalas and Srinjayas attacked Arjuna when he tried to make Drupada captive for the sake of Drona .	Plur
Along the island , wind gusts reached , and wave heights peaked at 13.7 m ( 45 ft ) .	Plur
Power outages and landslides affected much of Honshu , while strong winds damaged many fields .	Plur
Over the rationals Michael Atiyah and Graeme Segal have shown that all of the differentials reduce to Massey products of formula _ 3 .	Plur
Two Sufis whose shrines receive much national attention are Ali Hajweri in Lahore ( ca .	Plur
Ahmadis believe in Muhammad as the best and the last law bearing prophet and Mirza Ghulam Ahmad as the Messiah of Muslims .	Plur
The late nineties marked a turning point for Dunning when he began in-depth research into immersive environments in virtual reality .	Plur
Yet the excess signifiers do not negate the narrative structure woven between all the elements " .	Plur
The jingles made the station sound as if it were embarrassed to say who it was .	Plur
At the end of 2000 , the fan club CD " Alles muss raus - Die zähe Pampe aus drei Jahren Hirnforschung " was released .	Plur
Volunteer laborers would construct simple , decent houses along with the families who would eventually own the houses .	Plur
The Carters participated all week at these events which came to attract thousands of volunteers each year .	Plur
Foresters have counted more than 300 climax trees with trunks of greater than diameter at breast i.e .	Plur
Bors returns to Arthur 's kingdom to tell the tale .	Plur
The Notables adopted an intermediate position — New Spain would recognize no authority above the king of Spain .	Plur
Alisia " Lisa " Salters ( born March 6 , 1966 ) is an American journalist and former collegiate women 's basketball player .	Plur
Ossified tendons stiffened the tail along its length .	Plur
AMNH 3035 preserves the cervical armor and most of a skull , missing only the end of the snout .	Plur
( At the time , saves were not a regularly calculated statistic . )	Plur
Solid film lubricants are paint-like coatings of very fine particles of lubricating pigment blended with a binder and other additives .	Plur
Certain film lubricants also offer additional properties such as corrosion inhibition .	Plur
Most other hadrosaurs lived in the northern supercontinent of Laurasia , so it was separated from its relatives .	Plur
Digital SLRs supporting live view or video will use the read out of the image sensor itself for exposure metering in these modes .	Plur
Turley attended Valley View High School in Moreno Valley , California .	Plur
One day , some noblemen break down the door to Sir Isumbras ’ room and find the gold lying beneath the bed .	Plur
After the breakthrough Russian galleys were gradually pushing Ehrenskjöld 's detachment back who in turn ordered his vessels to form a defensive line between two islands .	Plur
Russian galleys made use of the opening and were quickly able to start boarding the rest of the Swedish ships .	Plur
Conversely , left-handed throwers are almost completely absent at the highest level at the other infield positions and at catcher .	Plur
The geyser erupts sometimes to a height of or more .	Plur
Their superpowers result from their parents ' exposure to atomic radiation .	Plur
Babur had resented this backsliding ; in his autobiography , Babur accuses Rana Sanga of breach of agreement .	Plur
Before the battle Babur had carefully inspected the site .	Plur
Corporal punishment involved beatings with a birch for even minor offences , and bullying of younger students by their seniors was common .	Plur
On the other hand , there can be extensive downsides that can come along with focusing entirely on out-performing others .	Plur
Fluid statics or hydrostatics is the branch of fluid mechanics that studies fluids at rest .	Plur
Shoulders were wide and padded ; waists were wasp-like .	Plur
The duke officiates at degree ceremonies , attends major events ( including the Duke of Gloucester Lecture Series ) and promotes the University overseas .	Plur
In 2013 , UNAM honored her for her professional career in human rights .	Plur
McKay swings trapeze-like on a rope , catching her hands in mid-fall and depositing her safely on a ledge .	Plur
Worried depositors started to withdraw savings , so the money multiplier worked in reverse .	Plur
There are globular beakers , small flasks , tall vases , cups and dishes .	Plur
The Freshmen are in their own orchestra , and the Sophomore , Junior , and Senior students are in another .	Plur
Public Charters temporarily suspended service in October 2012 when Aerodynamics announced that it would no longer operate the flights .	Plur
" GameTrailers " and " GamesRadar " considered " Sonic the Hedgehog " one of the most disappointing games of 2006 .	Plur
Factions were attempting this in different areas of the territory .	Plur
Many Latinas perceive that " keeping things inside " causes their depression .	Plur
Commercials reflect cultural views , and these may show understandings on women 's expected roles .	Plur
Many implements have a cutting edge which is essentially straight .	Plur
Knives , chisels , straight-edge razors , and scissors are examples .	Plur
Nodes with different Network IDs cannot communicate with each other .	Plur
There are several watercourses in England with the name ' Greet ' , all from this origin .	Plur
Although they tend to be close to square in shape , some metopes are noticeably larger in height or in width .	Plur
The formula Cons ( " F " ) from the second incompleteness theorem is a particular expression of consistency .	Plur
Those cuttings did not survive , but later the thorny Osage orange tree was widely naturalized throughout the United States .	Plur
The Comanches also used this wood for their bows .	Plur
Cedars are very popular ornamental trees , widely used in horticulture in temperate climates where winter temperatures do not fall below about − 25 ° C .	Plur
New freeways encouraged massive suburban sprawl to the north of the city .	Plur
High blood glucose releases insulin , stimulating the trans location of specific glucose transporters to the cell membrane .	Plur
Fructose consumed in the diet is converted to F1P in the liver .	Plur
Antibodies bind to and detect phosphorylation-induced conformational changes in the protein .	Plur
Civilian UAVs now vastly outnumber military UAVs , with estimates of over a million sold by 2015 .	Plur
UAVs may or may not include model aircraft .	Plur
UAVs demonstrated the possibility of cheaper , more capable fighting machines , deployable without risk to aircrews .	Plur
UAVs typically fall into one of six functional categories ( although multi-role airframe platforms are becoming more prevalent ) :	Plur
Classifications according to aircraft weight are quite simpler :	Plur
Though they carry heavy payloads , weaponized military UAVs are lighter than their manned counterparts with comparable armaments .	Plur
UAVs are real-time systems that require rapid response to changing sensor data .	Plur
Some UAVs can control flight with varying flight modelisation , such as VTOL designs .	Plur
UAVs can also implement perching on a flat vertical surface .	Plur
Most UAVs use a radio for remote control and exchange of video and other data .	Plur
Early UAVs had only narrowband uplink .	Plur
In cases when video transmission was required , the UAVs will implement a separate analog video radio link .	Plur
Actual UAVs may offer intermediate degrees of autonomy .	Plur
General Atomics is the dominant manufacturer with the Global Hawk and Predator / Mariner systems product-line .	Plur
Solar-electric UAVs , a concept originally championed by the AstroFlight Sunrise in 1974 , have achieved flight times of several weeks .	Plur
Electric UAVs powered by microwave power transmission or laser power beaming are other potential endurance solutions .	Plur
Drones caused significant disruption at Gatwick Airport during December 2018 , needing the deployment of the British Army .	Plur
In built up areas , UAVs must be away from people and cannot be flown over large crowds or built up areas .	Plur
The constellation Serpens represents a snake being tamed by Ophiuchus the snake-handler , another constellation .	Plur
The Gorgons wore a belt of two intertwined serpents in the same configuration of the caduceus .	Plur
Less commonly seizures , blindness , or inflammation of the brain may occur .	Plur
Acute measles encephalitis is another serious risk of measles virus infection .	Plur
Calais would remain under English rule for over two centuries , falling in 1558 .	Plur
In subsequent engagements , French men-at-arms would dismount to assail English longbowmen rather than stay mounted , as was advised to John II at Poitiers .	Plur
Volcanoes can cause widespread destruction and consequent disaster in several ways .	Plur
Blizzards are severe winter storms characterized by heavy snow and strong winds .	Plur
Blizzards can impact local economic activities , especially in regions where snowfall is rare .	Plur
The bushfires , collectively known as " Black Saturday " , were partly the act of arsonists .	Plur
Droughts result in crop failure and shortages of water .	Plur
The presbyteries are responsible for the ordination of the ministers .	Plur
Presbyteries meet at a regularity between monthly and quarterly , some half-yearly .	Plur
On many different occasions , ecclesiastics who spoke with authority did their best to disabuse the people of their superstitious belief in witchcraft .	Plur
These witches would then have to " yield up his horns " ; i.e .	Plur
The lynchings are particularly common in the poor northern states of Jharkhand , Bihar and the central state of Chhattisgarh .	Plur
The oldest true observatories , in the sense of a specialized research institute , include :	Plur
Space-based observatories are telescopes or other instruments that are located in outer space , many in orbit around the Earth .	Plur
Airborne observatories have the advantage of height over ground installations , putting them above most of the Earth 's atmosphere .	Plur
Mobile volcano observatories exist with the USGS VDAP ( Volcano Disaster Assistance Program ) , to be deployed on demand .	Plur
Tobacco smoke aerosols generated at temperatures below 400 ℃ did not test positive in the Ames assay .	Plur
Tobacco polyphenols ( e. g . , caffeic acid , chlorogenic acid , scopoletin , rutin ) determine the taste and quality of the smoke .	Plur
At pH 8 , the two fractions are present in equal parts .	Plur
Reeds designed for the same instrument may look identical to each other , but may vary in thickness ( " hardness " or " strength " ) .	Plur
Localities in the town 's suburbs include Gallows Bank and Sandpits .	Plur
The 13th Floor Elevators , a band from Austin , Texas , formed as an electric jug band , featuring Tommy Hall as electric jug player .	Plur
The Tennessee-based Jake Leg Stompers continue the traditional Memphis style .	Plur
Major redevelopments are also occurring at Johnstone Park , with a new raingarden installation , and Lt Malop Street is seeing more upgrades .	Plur
where formula _ 98 are integers and formula _ 99 are three linearly independent vectors .	Plur
Indeed , the sines and cosines form an orthogonal set :	Plur
furthermore , the sines and cosines are orthogonal to the constant function formula _ 165 .	Plur
Botanists in the past , including Ferdinand von Mueller and Lyndley Craven have proposed uniting the two genera but the matter is not decided .	Plur
Gong Ji-young ( the romanization preferred by the author according to LTI Korea ; ; born January 31 , 1963 ) is a South Korean novelist .	Plur
Forms of the personal names first appear on record in the tenth century .	Plur
There have been at least two reprints , with the original being heavier than the reprints at 130 grams and the inside advert for Player 's No .	Plur
In particular , the ironworks at Bærums Verk grew to be the largest of its kind in Norway during her time .	Plur
In the 2009 Inside Soap Awards , the McQueens won the award for ' Best Family ' .	Plur
His most notable feuds during his tenure in WWP were against Tornado , Dameon Duke , Mikey Whiplash , and Joe E. Legend .	Plur
At the 23 July 2009 tapings of FCW 's television show , Angel and Logan defeated Barreta and Croft to become the Florida Tag Team Champions .	Plur
Aldis had issued an open challenge offering to give any competitor lasting five minutes in the ring with him a future title opportunity .	Plur
The echoes produced by each of these spoken letters is a time where the yogi should immerse herself and rest .	Plur
Female catkins are 3 – 7 mm long , contain 1 to 5 flowers , and are usually axillary on young shoots .	Plur
Buds are dark red-brown , somewhat spherical , about 2 mm long , and sparsely pubescent .	Plur
Kinsale RFC is also home to Europe 's largest Rugby Sevens event , The Heineken Kinsale Sevens , which is held at its Snugmore grounds every May .	Plur
The seers told him that a son whose birth coincided with three victories would always be victorious .	Plur
X-ray and electron microscopes typically have a large depth of field ( poor optical sectioning ) and so thin sectioning of samples is still widely used .	Plur
Firearms are readily available , though expensive and unreliable , and a growing mercantile middle class challenges the supremacy of the nobility .	Plur
There are multiple " Party Sheets " included in the core set and supplements .	Plur
The Evens are more populous in Bilibinsky District but are also found in the west and northwest of Anadyrsky District .	Plur
There are 22 subdistricts ( ) and 4 towns ( ) in the district :	Plur
There are both indoor and outdoor souks in Dubai , mostly located in Deira and Bur Dubai .	Plur
Tells are detectable changes in opponents ' behavior or demeanor which provide clues about their hands or their intentions .	Plur
Otherwise , the text threatens , cosmic collapse and evil catastrophic events would occur . "	Plur
Several Chinese classics are comparable with the Chu Silk Manuscript .	Plur
Casimir had planned to found a University in Kraków and already started to construct the building , but his sudden death balked his plans .	Plur
The Playmates appeared on the " Milton Berle Show " televised December 3 , 1958 , at the height of the song 's popularity .	Plur
Split sharps served two distinct purposes .	Plur
The chloroplasts became smaller and the amount of lipids that are characteristic of the photosynthetic membranes decrease significantly .	Plur
" Borophagus littoralis " existed for approximately .	Plur
" Borophagus littoralis " possibly led a hyena-like lifestyle scavenging carcasses of recently dead animals .	Plur
But some Bf 109s from Erprobungsgruppe had not received the order either and Fink failed to turn back as he was not disobeying the directive .	Plur
The page flips are the only thing that consumes battery .	Plur
Family Plots is an American reality series that followed the ongoing events and employees at the family-run Poway Bernardo Mortuary in Poway , California .	Plur
Their subgenres are identifiable by the characteristics they use .	Plur
The tortures are often sexual , and the prisoners , who are often female , are nude .	Plur
PBS had avoided adding 30-second advertisements before programming blocks , despite underwriters ’ requests for more robust representation on the channel .	Plur
Water dispensers commonly have the water supply vessel mounted at the top of the unit .	Plur
Bottom-load water dispensers have the vessel mounted at the bottom of the unit to make loading easier .	Plur
Water dispensers can be directly connected to the in-house water source for continuous dispensing of hot and cold drinking water .	Plur
Eales received this honour in 2007 .	Plur
These plutons slowly cooled to form the Zoroaster Granite ; part of which would later be metamorphosed into gneiss .	Plur
Basins ( grabens ) dropped down and mountain ranges ( horsts ) rose up between old and new north – south – trending faults .	Plur
Dams on the Colorado River have also changed the character of the river water .	Plur
Spellings used in English works circa 1900 include " Banka " , " Manka " and " Bang-kah " .	Plur
In some cases safety goggles have to be worn due to extreme weather conditions and debris that can fall from containers .	Plur
Advertisers paid $ 61,315 per 30-second slot during the 2011 – 12 television seasons , the highest of any series on The CW .	Plur
Symbols take on great meaning .	Plur
Classical theists do not believe that God can be completely defined .	Plur
Agnostic theists may also insist on ignorance regarding the properties of the gods they believe in .	Plur
Logical positivists such as Rudolf Carnap and A. J. Ayer viewed any talk of gods as literal nonsense .	Plur
Berkeley considered this proof of the existence of the Christian god .	Plur
The Sutras of Samkhya endeavor to prove that the idea of God is inconceivable and self-contradictory , and some commentaries speak plainly on this subject .	Plur
Reference ellipsoids are also useful for geodetic mapping of other planetary bodies including planets , their satellites , asteroids and comet nuclei .	Plur
Two retail builds ( retail versions releases ) existed ; the English / USA version is commonly known as " Trainz 1.0 " .	Plur
In the same five-year period , Train simulators have moved to pad computer and phone platforms .	Plur
Driver simulators include those produced by :	Plur
There are five small return rollers .	Plur
Ranges of hundreds of gigabytes per second of pipeline bandwidth for texture rendering operations is not unusual where anisotropic filtering operations are involved .	Plur
Other zoologists honored him by naming several taxa after him :	Plur
In the first vertebrae there are very large secondary protuberances on both sides of the hyposphene .	Plur
The Sardinians attributed the storm to St Thomas the Apostle , on whose feast day it occurred .	Plur
Markers for CAFs are notably similar to those of surrounding tumour-associated cells but at the same time , display massive heterogeneity of behaviour , appearance and genotype .	Plur
Hence , when Foxl2 is removed , the primordial follicles are unable to develop into secondary follicles .	Plur
Hesse has also contributed art to " Dream Daddy " and " The Amazing World of Gumball " .	Plur
Etchells holds a copy of the first issue of the Vorticist magazine " Blast " .	Plur
Ferro-concrete supports hold up pre-stressed , single-span concrete girders 20 metres wide and 1.4 metres high .	Plur
Asian local theologies include Dalit theology in South Asia , Minjung theology in South Korea , and Burakumin theology in Japan .	Plur
Mathematical exactness or precision is hardly a workable constitutional requirement .	Plur
There were 605 microscopic confirmations of the disease .	Plur
All vertices are ultra-ideal ( existing beyond the ideal boundary ) with infinitely many hexagonal tilings existing around each vertex in an order-6 hexagonal tiling vertex arrangement .	Plur
All vertices are ultra-ideal ( existing beyond the ideal boundary ) with infinitely many triangular tilings existing around each vertex in an octagonal tiling vertex figure .	Plur
All vertices are ultra-ideal ( existing beyond the ideal boundary ) with infinitely many hexagonal tilings existing around each vertex in an order-6 octagonal tiling vertex arrangement .	Plur
All vertices are ultra-ideal ( existing beyond the ideal boundary ) with infinitely many triangular tilings existing around each vertex in an order-3 apeirogonal tiling vertex figure .	Plur
All vertices are ultra-ideal ( existing beyond the ideal boundary ) with infinitely many hexagonal tilings existing around each vertex in an order-6 apeirogonal tiling vertex figure .	Plur
All vertices are ultra-ideal ( existing beyond the ideal boundary ) with infinitely many heptagonal tilings existing around each vertex in an order-7 apeirogonal tiling vertex figure .	Plur
Gaps in the bars indicate a change in franchises ; for example , there were three different franchises known as the Kansas City Cowboys .	Plur
Eggsy marries Princess Tilde after he and Harry save the world from the Golden Circle 's virus outbreak .	Plur
Before escaping with the antidote sample , Eggsy lets slip to Charlie that he and Clara almost slept together .	Plur
Ethnic Moldovans accounted for less than 40 % of Transnistria 's population in 1989 .	Plur
Cantonese folktales are folktales associated with the Cantonese people , the dominant Han Chinese subgroup in the Southern Chinese twin provinces of Guangdong and Guangxi .	Plur
The synergy that he saw was that both people went into diaspora and their lands were forcefully taken away from them .	Plur
" My wife was important , " Howley said , " mostly because she trusted me to take the risks necessary to open a store . "	Plur
Four Japanese racing stallions had arrived at Eastern Creek Quarantine Station earlier in August 2007 , soon after an outbreak of EI in Japan .	Plur
These harvestmen feed on small insects and other small arthropods .	Plur
DTIC Embedded Librarians provide onsite , direct support to COCOMs during major exercises .	Plur
Casares ran for 108 yards , kicked a field goal , and made all the extra points .	Plur
Heat cramps , a type of heat illness , are muscle spasms that result from loss of large amount of salt and water through exercise .	Plur
Heat cramps can indicate a more severe problem in someone with heart disease or if they last for longer than an hour .	Plur
American white pelicans and double-crested cormorants often forage on this large prairie reservoir from April to September .	Plur
Bumps can come from any direction and are often unexpected by a recipient .	Plur
Three different neurological syndromes carry the name of Ramsay Hunt syndrome .	Plur
The sufferings of Israel then caused God to appear to Moses in a flame bursting forth from the earth [ not from the bush !	Plur
Generally , actual product lifetimes refer to the actual time that a product exists in a particular state .	Plur
In contrast , expected product lifetimes refer to users ' expectations for the lifetime of a product .	Plur
Reaves threw 5 touchdowns and Alvarez had 11 catches for 112 yards .	Plur
At the end of the second day , the Seimas adopted a four-paragraph resolution .	Plur
Such judgements , though , grew up in the wake of the new taste for Romanticism at the end of the 18th century .	Plur
Shifts in tense are often a characteristic of prospect poems .	Plur
His numerous and loved still lifes still enjoy a high reputation today .	Plur
The two former Greyhounds both started two seasons for the Spartans .	Plur
These jellyfish do not have a digestive system , a respiratory system , a circulatory system or a central nervous system .	Plur
The American Leaguers came right back in their half of the first inning .	Plur
Speers Point A branch to Speers Point was added to the West Wallsend line in an attempt to reduce the losses expected on the line .	Plur
Provincial tramways also operated within Morpeth , Toronto and Maitland .	Plur
There are several cuttings and causeways once used by the tramways that are still visible .	Plur
Offerings include high roller games as well as penny slots .	Plur
Picks and Pans ( " People " magazine ) reviewed the movie upon release , giving an A grade and writing :	Plur
Such unfairness ought never to have happened to such a sweetheart .	Plur
Commercials in Japan used Kuniko Yamada , a Japanese comedian .	Plur
In the past , cavers were reluctant to redraw complex cave maps after detecting survey errors .	Plur
Spiranthes spiralis , commonly known as autumn lady 's-tresses , is an orchid that grows in Europe and adjacent North Africa and Asia .	Plur
Autumn lady 's tresses is a polycarp , perennial , herbaceous plant that remains underground during its dormancy in summer with tubers .	Plur
These tubers , as in many orchids , have an earthy musty smell , originating from the mycorrhiza .	Plur
Autumn lady 's tresses spreads primarily through sexual reproduction .	Plur
The species name " spiralis " also refers to the placement of the flowers in a spiral .	Plur
Like most other species of orchids , autumn lady 's tresses needs a root fungus ( or mycorrhiza ) for its seed to germinate under field conditions .	Plur
Autumn lady 's tresses can accommodate at least types of fungus in its roots .	Plur
Most bumblebees have a strong preference for counterclockwise arrangement , fewer for clockwise .	Plur
Autumn lady 's tresses grow best in a soil that is not acid .	Plur
Blizzards were runners-up in the only Bergen Bowl final .	Plur
In 1951 , the IOC made the same switch at its Vienna conference , after IOC member Lord Burghley had consulted the British Foreign Office .	Plur
The Exiles later visited the Marvel 2099 universe .	Plur
The Romulans ask for permission to join the Federation / Klingon fleet , and Sisko grants it .	Plur
As the tone grew more controversial , the tapings gradually turned into protests against the government .	Plur
The Hittites held it as sacred to a Storm-god who was the son of Wurušemu , Sun-goddess of Arinna .	Plur
In it , the celebrants recited the myth of the slaying of Illuyanka .	Plur
Underwater acoustics is another area where NPOL is looking at .	Plur
Missiles and supersonic aircraft are very difficult targets to hit and even the most advanced systems cannot provide certainty of interception .	Plur
Bashir flirts for her , and she slips him a key and hurries out .	Plur
In retaliation for the execution of the hostages , the Freikorps captured and killed some 700 men and women .	Plur
As with all such restrictions , there were loopholes .	Plur
Pruning shears , also called hand pruners ( in American English ) , or secateurs , are a type of scissors for use on plants .	Plur
In addition there are pruning shears that have titanium coating .	Plur
The Finnish Wobblies were also able to pay off the mortgage on the building .	Plur
In 1139 , Lothair died and Waleran supported Conrad of Hohenstaufen , who was elected .	Plur
On finding that her Mum has just won the lottery , Rose decides to visit Earth .	Plur
However , in 2014 the evolutionary ecologists A. J. Crean and colleagues reported a seemingly telegonic phenomenon in a fly , " Telostylinus angusticollis " .	Plur
The Shankill Butchers split off from the UVF in the mid-1970s and carried out a series of grisly murders .	Plur
The Butchers abducted seven random Catholic citizens of Northern Ireland and killed them in the middle of the night by slashing their throats .	Plur
The sophomores attended in the afternoon while the upperclassman took their classes in the morning .	Plur
The Boxers have had exponential success since they first fielded a team in 1897 .	Plur
Beginnings is the debut album by the British rock band Ambrose Slade , who later achieved fame as Slade .	Plur
" Beginnings " is a mixture of self-penned songs and cover versions including two tracks by Steppenwolf .	Plur
The " Lord Clyde " -class ironclads were a pair of wooden-hulled armoured frigates built for the Royal Navy in the 1860s .	Plur
On April 2008 , Komiks resumed airing for sixth season with the collection of Mars Ravelo 's works , with as its initial offering .	Plur
If it had been released in 1973 , the classic " Nuts , Bolts and Screws " would 've easily topped the UK charts .	Plur
Conversions of Muslims to Christianity ( either proselytization or apostasy ) often occurred during the colonial period , when laws against such conversions did not then exist .	Plur
Apple dumplings are a native food in the northeastern United States , around Pennsylvania .	Plur
Most modern infrared spectrometers can be converted to characterise samples via ATR by mounting the ATR accessory in the spectrometer 's sample compartment .	Plur
These commemoratives were similar in appearance to the British crown coins , but featured Bermudian designs on their reverses .	Plur
As the events of early-World War II unfolded in Europe , the Sharps began an " International Relations Club " .	Plur
Instead , the Sharps set up an office in neutral Portugal .	Plur
Philatelists discovered and studied the machine and its twin cancellations in the 1950s .	Plur
When going down , the piston , that was at 35 millimeters from the datestamps ' centers , touched the mail and deposed a blur of ink .	Plur
The first two co-directors were Tom Barry and Martha Honey .	Plur
In the basement four full-scale dioramas familiarise visitors with every day life in early 20th century Macedonia .	Plur
Their wallpapers effected the appearance of fabric including silk moirée , velvet , fringe , and tassels .	Plur
Memory dividers are only applicable to those chipsets in which memory speed is dependent on FSB speeds .	Plur
High end motherboards meant for overclocking provide facilities to change memory dividers ( if chipset support memory dividers ) .	Plur
Amorphous brazing foils are compositionally much more uniform even after crystallization , they melt over a narrow temperature range under transient heating .	Plur
These refurbishments generally took place in the 1950s .	Plur
Triglyceride lipases are lipases that hydrolyse ester linkages of triglycerides .	Plur
Grinding erases saw marks , coarsely smooths the surface , and removes stock to a desired depth .	Plur
The adhesives , such as epoxy or Canada balsam resin , must have approximately the same refractive index ( η ≈ 1.54 ) as glass .	Plur
Multi-phase microstructures do not require etching if the contrast between phases is adequate , as is usually the case .	Plur
The toughness of most ceramics is 2 – 4 MPa , but toughened zirconia is as much as 13 , and cemented carbides are often over 20 .	Plur
GameTrailers praised the same version by calling it " a well-rounded package in fighting shape " , while keeping its paces with plenty of gaming modes .	Plur
The Californians is a 2005 American independent drama film from Hart Sharp Films starring Noah Wyle .	Plur
" The Californians " is the second film adaptation of " The Bostonians " , after the 1984 film " The Bostonians " .	Plur
From 1951 to 1955 , the roadsters and midget cars shared the track equally , with occasional rodeos and circuses .	Plur
Smugglers were buying it in Cuba for a mere seventeen cents per gallon , only to sell it in the blockaded state for twenty-five dollars per gallon .	Plur
Instead , the Bezirksligas took the place of the Bezirksoberligas once more at the level below the Landesligas .	Plur
Luke Xavier Linton Simpkins ( born 8 June 1964 ) is a former Australian politician .	Plur
Clarence Childs ( born January 13 , 1938 ) is a former American football defensive back and halfback .	Plur
The starting line-ups for both teams were identical to those fielded in the semi-finals .	Plur
Moreover , on the Japan Sea side , in recent years there have been torrential rainstorms at a scale never seen before .	Plur
Hayley confides in Jean about being pregnant after the lack of trust towards her to look after Hope and Jean insists that the father shares responsibility .	Plur
Keanu undertakes work on Mitch 's van and warns him to keep away from his family , lying that they do not live on Albert Square .	Plur
Ted decides he wants to show Judith off to the neighbours so takes her to the café , where he sits with Bernadette to play chess .	Plur
Videos also serve as authentication and archive , as they preserve live footage of actual damage and they validate terrorist performance acts .	Plur
The discourses seem to be less aggressive , even condemning violence and refusing to resort to an incendiary rhetoric .	Plur
Two smaller bastions protected the northwest and southwest corners .	Plur
" C. vulgaris " is a green eukaryotic microalgae in the genus " Chlorella " , which has been present on earth since the Precambrian period .	Plur
" C. vulgaris " constitutes an excellent candidate for production due to its high resistance against rough conditions and invading organisms .	Plur
However , microalgal biofuels are still far from being competitive with fossil fuels , regarding their high production costs and controversial sustainability .	Plur
" C. vulgaris " contains also some minerals and vitamins important for human nutrition .	Plur
Catalogues , directories and portals are consolidated resources which are kept by individual institutions , and are associated with data archives and holdings .	Plur
Repositories are places where data archives and holdings can be accessed and stored .	Plur
The Swallows defeated the Braves in seven games to claim their first championship .	Plur
The WRNS provided the navy with personnel for its shore establishments .	Plur
There are active beehives and the village produces its own honey which is sold to the public .	Plur
The interpreters stated that if migrants spoke ill of the government of Eritrea their relatives still in country might suffer reprisals .	Plur
From the heavens above , Christ , saints and angels gaze upon the scene .	Plur
The Yazidis were facing persecution from the terrorist group , so-called Islamic State .	Plur
Verichev made Spinks submit to a cross armbar in the third round to win the match .	Plur
Immediately after the match , The Usos chose The New Day as their first pick .	Plur
Flair positioned Rousey 's neck in the chair and stomped on it before departing backstage .	Plur
There are several folktales about the building of this flood reduction setup that included controlled canal water drainage and bridge systems .	Plur
The Chippewas finished the 2016 – 17 season 16 – 16 , 6 – 12 in MAC play to finish in last place in the West Division .	Plur
All cultivators , from the village chiefs to the peasants , had to remit half of their revenues to the crown .	Plur
Two different recensions of Barani 's " Tarikh-i-Firuz Shahi " name the minister differently as Malik Yaklakhi and Sharaf al-Din Qa 'ini .	Plur
The centerboard version displaces and also carries of water ballast in a separate double bottom hull tank .	Plur
The Rays added him to their 40-man roster after the season .	Plur
On March 25 , 2018 , the Rays announced that Chirinos had made the Opening Day roster .	Plur
On July 24 , the Rays recalled Chirinos to start against the New York Yankees .	Plur
The hearts pump hemolymph into the sinuses of the hemocoel where exchanges of materials take place .	Plur
Free lipids are present and are used as fuel for flight .	Plur
Alternative conceptualizations are that of knowledge industry and information-related occupation .	Plur
Convair began development of a medium-range commercial jet in April 1956 , to compete with announced products from Boeing and Douglas .	Plur
Nodes on the network remained in sync using clock recovery .	Plur
Tibbets enlisted in the United States Army in 1937 and qualified as a pilot in 1938 .	Plur
Tibbets returned to the United States in February 1943 to help with the development of the Boeing B-29 Superfortress .	Plur
During that time , Tibbets took private flying lessons at Miami 's Opa-locka Airport with Rusty Heard , who later became a captain at Eastern Airlines .	Plur
After his undergraduate work , Tibbets had planned on becoming an abdominal surgeon .	Plur
Tibbets did not inform his family or his commanding officer , and the couple arranged for the notice to be kept out of the local newspaper .	Plur
On 7 December 1941 , Tibbets heard about the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor while listening to the radio during a routine flight .	Plur
On that first mission , Tibbets saw in real-time that his bombs were falling on innocent civilians .	Plur
Tibbets flew Major General Mark W. Clark from Polebrook to Gibraltar while Connors flew Clark 's chief of staff , Brigadier General Lyman Lemnitzer .	Plur
A few weeks later Tibbets flew the Supreme Allied Commander , Lieutenant General Dwight D. Eisenhower , there .	Plur
Tibbets did not get along well with Norstad , or with Doolittle 's chief of staff , Brigadier General Hoyt Vandenberg .	Plur
Tibbets protested that flak would be most effective at that altitude .	Plur
When challenged by Norstad , Tibbets said he would lead the mission himself at 6,000 feet if Norstad would fly as his co-pilot .	Plur
Tibbets returned to the United States in February 1943 .	Plur
Tibbets was considerably younger than both men and had experience in both staff and command duties in heavy bomber combat operations .	Plur
At one point , Tibbets found that Lucy had co-opted a scientist to unplug a drain .	Plur
Tibbets later received an invitation from President Harry S. Truman to visit the White House .	Plur
Tibbets then attended the Air Command and Staff School at Maxwell Air Force Base , Alabama .	Plur
Tibbets was convinced that the bombers of the future would be jet aircraft and thus became involved in the Boeing B-47 Stratojet program .	Plur
Tibbets returned to Maxwell Air Force Base , where he attended the Air War College .	Plur
In January 1958 , Tibbets became commander of the 6th Air Division at MacDill Air Force Base , Florida .	Plur
Tibbets succeeded Sundlun as president on 21 April 1976 , and remained in the role until 1986 .	Plur
Tibbets died in his Columbus , Ohio , home on 1 November 2007 , at the age of 92 .	Plur
Tibbets had asked for no funeral or headstone , because he feared that opponents of the bombing might use it as a place of protest or destruction .	Plur
Beta vulgaris ( beet ) is a plant which is included in Betoideae subfamily in the Amaranthaceae family .	Plur
Vineyards and cotton replaced the cereal crops used by the wintering geese .	Plur
On July 2 , 1997 , Counting Crows kicked off a co-headlining tour with The Wallflowers that continued through September .	Plur
Vickrey stated that " the idea at the moment is to have kind of a rocking side and then an acoustic-y , maybe country-ish side .	Plur
Counting Crows turned out to be near the top , along with such artists as Sufjan Stevens , Guster and U2 .	Plur
Counting Crows , and Adam Duritz in particular , have become renowned for the energetic , passionate nature of their live performances .	Plur
After its release , the Sugarcubes disbanded and lead singer Björk went on to have a successful solo career .	Plur
Previews began on 12 March 2012 with the official opening on 5 April 2012 .	Plur
With their love of the Beach Boys and late 1960s bubblegum pop , the Ramones paved the way to what became known as pop punk .	Plur
The ammunition hoists did not have power making it nearly impossible to get more ammunition topside to the gun crews .	Plur
The rollers keep the boiling of rock round and the heaters keep it just soft enough to work .	Plur
The Spencers ate their regular meals in the Tapestry Dining Room , an inner room of the east side to the east of the Wooton Hall .	Plur
After Teulon 's additions , the Spencers began growing its own fruit and vegetables and flowers .	Plur
In many languages , string literals can contain literal newlines , spanning several lines .	Plur
Coincidentally , major famines also increased the price of food drastically .	Plur
Many loanwords entered into Korean from Japan , especially during the Japanese forced occupation , when the teaching and speaking of Korean was prohibited .	Plur
Lumbricus terrestris is a large , reddish worm species widely distributed around the world ( along with several other lumbricids ) .	Plur
" L. terrestris " is an anecic worm .	Plur
truths for which natural reason is inadequate .	Plur
Current ( 2011 ) registrations show the date of birth .	Plur
In 1988 , Soviet archeologists exhumed Ilya Chobotok 's remains , stored in Kiev Pechersk Lavra , and studied them .	Plur
Mixture distributions arise in many contexts in the literature and arise naturally where a statistical population contains two or more subpopulations .	Plur
About 3,300 motorists a day used the bridge that connected Chuckatuck and Driver .	Plur
The Lunatics moved to Harrisonburg in July 1914 , just before the league disbanded .	Plur
Praxis may also refer to proper religious etiquette .	Plur
Parkins plays standard harps , as well as several custom electric harps ; she also plays piano and accordion .	Plur
) , where " x , y , z " are the exponents of " A , B , C , " respectively , and " ! "	Plur
The multipliers ( 1 4 6 4 1 ) compose Line 4 of Pascal 's triangle .	Plur
Shechem offered Jacob and his sons any bride-price they named .	Plur
Three national forest campgrounds — Sunshine Bar and Butler Bar near the main stem and Laird Lake near the south fork — are along Forest Road 5325 .	Plur
Later Indian mathematicians such as Aryabhata made references to this text , while later Arabic and Latin translations were very influential in Europe and the Middle East .	Plur
Developing lubricants able to withstand the higher temperatures involved has been a major barrier to commercialization .	Plur
Moraes ended his writing career , writing books in collaboration with Sarayu Srivatsa .	Plur
Recommendations may resemble those for coeliac disease , for the diet to be strict and maintained , with no transgression .	Plur
Labels for all food products sold in Canada must clearly identify the presence of gluten if it is present at a level greater than 10 ppm .	Plur
In 2008 , Wellshire Farms chicken nuggets labelled gluten-free were purchased and samples were sent to a food allergy laboratory where they were found to contain gluten .	Plur
" Hippies " sought to expand their minds with the use of hallucinogens like LSD , whilst many soldiers returned from the Vietnam War with heroin habits .	Plur
Ricotta curds are creamy white in appearance , and slightly sweet in taste .	Plur
Thirteen Senses are a post-Britpop band from Penzance , Cornwall .	Plur
Thirteen Senses are the only Cornish band to have a Top 20 single .	Plur
Silverchair went on to release five No .	Plur
On the surface Niles is the dominant of the two .	Plur
When it burnt down in 1904 , St Vincents became the replacement , taking on the name of the newly built church next door .	Plur
The co-heirs pledged themselves henceforth only to transfer their share of the estate to one another , not to anyone outside the community .	Plur
As the company grew , the Andersons undertook philanthropic efforts , sponsoring a wide variety of health and youth initiatives and giving millions to local organizations .	Plur
Three purebred Arabians have held this role since 1993 , all gray horses whose coats lightened with age until they turned completely white .	Plur
Thunder 's helpers also remove any manure that he might drop while on the field .	Plur
Firearms were also part of military propaganda , such as in the case of the famous Soviet sniper Vasily Zaytsev .	Plur
Firearms are very popular predominantly among the rural communities .	Plur
The Sycamores finished as the National Third Place team , with their victory over East Texas State and finished with a record of 23 – 8 .	Plur
Most swimsuits are one-piece suits , with distinctions between five different forms : the , , , , and .	Plur
The supports extend laterally and upwards at the shoulders , whereby a significant portion of the back is left uncovered .	Plur
Since the start , there had been numerous bad hops and infielders were visibly shying away from ground balls , resulting in high scoring games .	Plur
Dormitories were to be redesigned into small 6-8 bed sleeping units , a former house was to be renovated , and ground improvements were to be made .	Plur
The Steins split into two lines around 1200 .	Plur
Recurring nightmares had him reliving the war , repeatedly calling out to individual soldiers .	Plur
After becoming a First Soloist with the National Ballet of Canada , Staines later joined The Dutch National Ballet where original work was created for her .	Plur
In February 2013 , Staines received the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal for her contributions to dance and education .	Plur
Buds are dark brown and have an alternating arrangement .	Plur
The Sycamores finished as the National 4th place team with record of 24 – 8 .	Plur
After reaching the Hallowed Ravine and discovering a group of Tangents controlled by Kaine , the VNS sends agents to his location to attack .	Plur
Its vertices and edges form a formula _ 1 rook 's graph .	Plur
Chivas USA U23s & Corinthians USA from the SoCal Premier League have already signed up .	Plur
Although Hindus and Sikhs have been living peacefully for centuries , apostates are not seen kindly .	Plur
The Singing Stewarts were the first major British Gospel group .	Plur
Curtains , carpets , pillows , cushions and dresses are also on display .	Plur
Sievers performed a reconstruction of the system , adding two minor water reservoirs .	Plur
Azerbaijani saboteurs attacked in a large group of about 30 soldiers .	Plur
Other focusses include anti-class and anti-corporate ideals , including a rejection of corporate culture and gay commercial culture .	Plur
Mats played the saxophone ; as a jazz specialist , he used this knowledge while composing for the new band .	Plur
Mats and Johan Folke , keyboard specialists , used their years of exposure to the different genres of music on the synthesizer .	Plur
But now the dauphin 's torturers recognise they have been deceived .	Plur
Tons of Trouble is a 1956 black and white British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Richard Hearne , William Hartnell and Austin Trevor .	Plur
There is a rest area 23 km N of town near the Newcastle Waters / Marlinja turnoff .	Plur
The MDC had accused the state media of " gutter journalism " and biased reporting against the party .	Plur
PBEX validates use of lightweight , flexible battery technology to decrease cost and weight for future military and commercial space systems .	Plur
Other candies they produced were Welch 's Fudge , Pom Poms , and Sugar Mamas .	Plur
Smells like whiskey , tastes like wine .	Plur
Sweet pancakes in Green bean soup for example are the cause of many jokes .	Plur
The besiegers suffered 147 killed and wounded , of whom sixteen were officers .	Plur
Crops currently grown within the Irrigation District vary widely ; one estimate claims over 60 different crops are grown annually .	Plur
The Terps climbed to a # 2 national ranking by early December .	Plur
Shoots grow rapidly in warmer months .	Plur
Constructions had begun in 1806 , but the unfinished town was levelled by the French forces already in the following year .	Plur
in 1905 , Kashubians numbered about 72,500 .	Plur
Women , minors and POWs partially replaced the drafted men .	Plur
There is a large recess near floor level which , according to legend , was used by Wilson and others as a ' natural fireplace ' .	Plur
Lamentations states that " The Lord 's mercies are not consumed , surely His compassions do not fail .	Plur
The force measuring setups have ranged from various load cell devices to ballistic pendulums to multiple torsion arm pendulums , in which movement is actually observed .	Plur
For this reason , when the field exchange is ignored , a propellantless thruster behaves locally like a free energy device .	Plur
The molds then languished for years in Nova Scotia fields , occasionally being visited by sailors who yearned to have their own Cabot 36 .	Plur
The crags of Dove Crag are the fell 's finest feature .	Plur
Bushes and grasses such as " Cortaderia selloana " and " Verbesina glabrata " surround the grazing grounds and supply protection and shelter to these insular cavies .	Plur
To make things worse for Scrooge , Flintheart pours syrup on Scrooge 's ball , attracting more ants .	Plur
Litters size ranges from one to five , with an average of three .	Plur
From the Iron Age there were four Illyrian fortresses : Lokardenik , Gračina , Straža and Knežak .	Plur
For the first 250 years , the lessees changed relatively often .	Plur
According to the Israelite roll-calls , the Israelites did not lose a man in the expedition .	Plur
Lichens cover the bare , wave-washed rocks while the herbs are restricted to cracks and crevices in the rocks where soil has been able to accumulate .	Plur
Park Naturalists theorise that these trees were planted by the Boy Scouts of Canada in the early-mid 1960s .	Plur
The loggers would work all day in woods cutting and felling trees .	Plur
Once the rivers path was totally thawed , the loggers would begin the log drive .	Plur
Unlike most bats , " T. tricolor " clings head-up from its roost .	Plur
Experienced arcade thrashers will wonder what the fuss is about . "	Plur
Bassey would later return for a third performance for 1979 's " Moonraker " .	Plur
In the Gods ' absence , the Amazons began to revert to clay .	Plur
When arrested , Coutts , who was her best friend 's boyfriend , admitted causing her death .	Plur
At his murder trial , Coutts confessed to a long-standing neck fetish and obsession with strangulation .	Plur
Secondly , did Coutts have a motive for causing injury or death ?	Plur
During the trial , Coutts claimed that the death was an accident that occurred during consensual sex .	Plur
Coutts said he had had murderous thoughts about women since he was 15 .	Plur
German Cardinal Josef Frings seconded that proposal , and the vote was postponed .	Plur
Direct ascents up the eastern face from the summit of Dunmail Raise are also possible .	Plur
With estrogen deficiency , the osteoclasts live longer and are therefore able to resorb more bone .	Plur
Fractures also occur in the setting of nutritional deficits and low BMD .	Plur
In addition to providing showers to hikers , the front desk rents out linens and sells some basic hiking supplies .	Plur
The southern crags reveal andesite sills and the pebbly sandstone and breccia of the Pavey Ark Member .	Plur
According to the 2001 Census , there are about 40,620 Yazidis in Armenia .	Plur
Although the parade permit was delivered only two hours before the start of the march , the marchers encountered little resistance from onlookers .	Plur
Budgets in subsequent series have varied , depending on the target vehicle .	Plur
Other prominent Mas included Ma Anliang , Ma Qi , Ma Lin , Ma Hu-shan , and Ma Zhongying .	Plur
Drifters have access only to the basic 16 classes , but unique / plot-critical characters also have personal classes .	Plur
The “ FeS-free ” hydrogenases have an undetermined active site containing an Fe ( CO ) center .	Plur
Reactions to Barker 's presentations on comedy and cancer were overwhelmingly positive .	Plur
Casares had taken an active part in the Morisco rebellion , put down by Don John of Austria .	Plur
At a later period , Casares was the only town , apart from Cádiz , that the Napoleonic troops has not been able to take .	Plur
When breeding , the wing sacs of other emballonurids become enlarged to attract females .	Plur
Finally , however , the ogress realized they had fled .	Plur
This time the ogress came after them .	Plur
When compared to early manuscripts and the audio recording , the published version omits several lines of verse .	Plur
Sundays not excepted , from 10 in the morning ' til 5 in the afternoon .	Plur
After initial assignment , there are four dispositions that result only from a full investigation : Substantiated , Unsubstantiated , Exonerated , and Unfounded .	Plur
There are five other " miscellaneous , " or inconclusive dispositions : Complainant Uncooperative , Complainant Unavailable , Officer Unidentified , Miscellaneous ( i.e .	Plur
The Pharaohs disbanded in 1962 .	Plur
These leaps end with the long beak buried in the ground , as the secondary function of this beak is to stop the creature .	Plur
Any possible linkages to this data element ( possibly in other areas of the relational schema or even in distant federated databases ) are by reference only .	Plur
The Ganges is a long river carrying a huge discharge of 70,000 m / s .	Plur
22 mouzas in Manickchak , Kaliachak I and Kaliachak II CD Blocks have gone into the river .	Plur
In the remote past , the Ganges used to flow past Gauda , 40 km downstream from Rajmahal .	Plur
The Ganges has numerous abandoned channels in the area .	Plur
From a little above Nimtita , about 20 km downstream from Farakka , the Ganges flows along the international boundary with Bangladesh in the left bank .	Plur
As these droplets increase in size , the two monolayers separate further and eventually pinch off .	Plur
" Seven Sonnets & amp ; a Song	Plur
By the early 2000s , Commands were no longer responsible for individual recruitment , making Reception Depots essentially redundant .	Plur
15 Reception Depots heraldic interpretation was :	Plur
The mandibles scythe shaped in general outline , curving out and upwards from the head towards the clypeal horn .	Plur
Emanuel M. Abrahams ( July 7 , 1866 – July 1 , 1913 ) was an American businessman and politician .	Plur
Abrahams served in the Illinois House of Representatives from 1907 to 1911 and was a Democrat .	Plur
Abrahams died at a hospital in Chicago , Illinois after suffering a stroke at the Chicago City Hall .	Plur
The proboscis winds around the prey and mucus and toxic secretions immobilise it .	Plur
The eastern scarps falls on the Vjosë river , 2000 metres down .	Plur
The Snowden revelations on the National Security Agency ( NSA ) ’ s PRISM program provided a catalyst for global data sovereignty discussions .	Plur
These overlaps exist in between other data categories too , for example , location data , Internet browsing data , tax data are essentially all about individuals .	Plur
The Edward Snowden revelations on June 5 , 2013 marked a turning point in the data ethics public debate .	Plur
There are several manifestos concerning data ethics collecting signatures from supporters .	Plur
More bushfires broke out across southern Italy and Sicily , as temperatures hit 40 ° C in the week leading up to July 13 .	Plur
Désiré Pierre-Louis ( born 5 March 1973 ) is a Mauritian sprinter .	Plur
Crafts served in the Maine House of Representatives from 2009 to 2017 .	Plur
The " Bracket Position Pots " ( Pot A and Pot B ) contained the bracket positions numbered 1 through 8 corresponding to each tie .	Plur
In the quarter-finals , the matchups are determined as follows :	Plur
In the semi-finals , the matchups are determined as follows :	Plur
Islamic State jihadists reportedly abducted these women when they entered the Sinjar region in 2014 .	Plur
Their newfound superpowers garnered the attention of Jonathan Rook , the CEO of Rook Unlimited and benefactor to Charter City himself .	Plur
At the beginning of November , right before the PBR World Finals , Bruiser 's hocks swelled up , and Page became very concerned .	Plur
The Shoppes at Parma , formerly Parmatown Mall , is a commercial shopping district that totals approximately 800,000 square feet .	Plur
The two " Solons " are approximately 170 miles apart .	Plur
In its early stage , called gingivitis , the gums become swollen , red , and may bleed .	Plur
In the early stages , periodontitis has very few symptoms , and in many individuals the disease has progressed significantly before they seek treatment .	Plur
Ehlers – Danlos syndrome is a periodontitis risk factor and so is the Papillon – Lefèvre syndrome also known as palmoplantar keratoderma .	Plur
Diabetes appears to exacerbates the onset , progression , and severity of periodontitis .	Plur
Dentists and dental hygienists measure periodontal disease using a device called a periodontal probe .	Plur
Chronic periodontitis affects about 750 million people or about 10.8 % of the population as of 2010 .	Plur
The glacial striations are the largest and most easily accessible remains of glacial grooves in the world .	Plur
Wardour sold the house to Robert Carr , 1st Earl of Somerset in 1624 .	Plur
The original restrictive covenants included King Thompson 's housing deeds which prevented people who were African-American and Jewish from purchasing homes in the development .	Plur
The covenants did , however , allow for colored servants to reside in the homes in which they served .	Plur
Three freeways run through Worthington : I-270 , I-71 , and SR 315 .	Plur
Land speculators bought 160 acres of land , which would become the City of Wauseon .	Plur
Campuses serving the village include Rio Grande Elementary School , Gallia Academy Middle School , and Gallia Academy High School .	Plur
Directs inventory and review all Corps activities that are not inherently governmental in nature in accordance with the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act of 1998 .	Plur
Directs a plan for a project to protect and enhance fish and wildlife habitat of the Missouri River and middle Mississippi River .	Plur
Directs real estate transactions in Kansas , Maryland , Missouri , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Carolina , Washington , and West Virginia .	Plur
Directs transfer to the South Dakota Department of Game , Fish , and Parks specified Federal lands for fish and wildlife or public recreation purposes .	Plur
The Mackenzies were a clan from Ross-shire that had risen to prominence in the 15th century during the disintegration of the Lordship of the Isles .	Plur
The earliest contras inside Nicaragua were the MILPAS ( " Milicias Populares Anti-Sandinistas " ) , peasant militias led by disillusioned Sandinistas .	Plur
As recently as 2014 , FIR had only two employees .	Plur
In 2005 , FIR reported a single Highway-Rail Crossing incident , no other accidents , and no one killed or injured .	Plur
In 2004 , FIR did not report any accidents ( train , highway-rail crossing , other incidents ) .	Plur
Lucid dreamers may experience primary consciousness ( the dream ) and secondary consciousness ( the waking ) separately but simultaneously .	Plur
The Georgia Yellow Hammers and the Baxters traveled to Charlotte , North Carolina to record for Victor in the summer of 1927 .	Plur
Because of the Jim Crow laws , the Baxters had to ride several cars behind the Yellow Hammers on the train ride to Charlotte .	Plur
Notably , many early pacifists had argued against the excessively harsh terms of the Treaty of Versailles from its inception .	Plur
Various car moldings must have high scratch resistance , weather resistance and gloss matching that of the car body .	Plur
The 97,551 Taoists had 124 temples and 12 clerics .	Plur
These Huguenots helped to develop the economy and culture of the Uckermark .	Plur
There are also " collectables " , star-shaped pickups , hidden in each mission .	Plur
Dawkins participates in a bombing mission .	Plur
In the next mission Dawkins commands the tank as it destroys the German resistance in the town .	Plur
Building diagnostics go beyond FCAs to determine solutions to the problems found and predict outcomes of the solutions .	Plur
With Their Backs to The World : Portraits of Serbia is a book by Norwegian journalist Åsne Seierstad .	Plur
The Carpenters included this pneumatic system in their house .	Plur
Balfour had been out of Parliament following his defeat at Manchester East in the 1906 general election .	Plur
Both revolvers have a rubberized finger grove grip and adjustable rear sight ( both windage and elevation ) .	Plur
VideoRay ROVs are a series of inspection class underwater submersible remotely operated underwater vehicles ( ROV ) .	Plur
Unlike Johnson 's other podcasts , " Diary of a Cartoonist " does not have other co-hosts , though his family occasionally make minor appearances .	Plur
The French naturalist Pierre Belon du Mans mentions visiting Mataria in his 1547 journey to Egypt .	Plur
Roitman 's obsessions with asymmetry and the ludico whimsical also found their way into MADI new concepts that he kept mastering .	Plur
On the femur , the femoral condyles have a large articulated range , which helps them to extend their posture vertically from their normal quadrupedal position .	Plur
Band saws came into use after 1880 , making possible the construction of huge mills capable of sawing or more of lumber per day .	Plur
Foresters deal with challenges like deer , insects , disease , drought and competing vegetation such as fern through research and careful management .	Plur
Charters from Beorthwulf 's reign show a strained relationship with the church , as Beorhtwulf seized land and subsequently returned it .	Plur
Some folktales may have arrived from Germany ; others have no known western counterparts , but are widespread throughout East Asia .	Plur
Chinese folktales include a vast variety of forms such as myths , legends , fables , etc .	Plur
Chinese-educated Malaysians are those who attended Chinese schools for at least the primary school level who can at least read and write Chinese simplified characters .	Plur
In terms of housing affordability , Chinese Malaysians could afford houses priced between RM120,000 and RM180,000 .	Plur
Norse sagas record traditions of a Danish king Knútr , who briefly ruled Northumbria around 900 .	Plur
Their hearts lack coronary arteries , and the ventricle muscles are very spongy , enabling them to absorb oxygen directly from the blood they pump .	Plur
For a year and a half the two fractions supported their team separately , often going into battle across the city .	Plur
Tails manages to rescue Sonic just in time , while Robotnik falls into the volcano , which sinks into the ocean and explodes .	Plur
If the tilt shake is used too often , however , all flippers will lock out , leaving the ball to fall down the drain .	Plur
Most social foragers must search for food while also avoiding predators .	Plur
At equilibrium , individual payoffs should be independent of the pattern of specialization .	Plur
If unstable altocumulus castellanus accompanies or takes the place of the main altostratus layer , cumulus congestus or cumulonimbus producing showers or thunderstorms may follow .	Plur
Norths went on to make the finals again in 1953 & 1954 losing to Souths and St George respectively .	Plur
In 1998 , Norths finished 5th on the table and qualified for the finals .	Plur
Under the trimester system , there were three trimesters in a year instead of two semesters , and only five classes per day rather than six .	Plur
In contrast , eukaryotic algae have over 10,000 genes .	Plur
Trusts have no legal personality and companies acquire their legal status through the Company law and the required documents of incorporation .	Plur
After graduating from high school , Hinchey enlisted in the U.S. Navy , and served in the Pacific on the destroyer USS " Marshall " .	Plur
In 1994 , Hinchey faced Moppert again ; in that year 's Republican Revolution wave election , Hinchey won by only 1,200 votes .	Plur
In the intense political infighting over the redistricting , however , Hinchey emerged as one of the winners .	Plur
Hinchey wrote the Carmelo Rodriguez Military Medical Accountability Act , which would provide the opportunity for veterans to hold the military accountable for insufficient healthcare .	Plur
Hinchey supported the Home Star Energy Retrofit Act .	Plur
In 2010 midterm elections , Hinchey clashed with his opponent over shale gas drilling and hydraulic fracturing in upstate New York .	Plur
Hinchey appeared in the 2010 documentary " Gasland " , discussing the FRAC Act , which he co-sponsored .	Plur
Hinchey wrote a letter to President Barack Obama in October 2010 regarding Social Security .	Plur
Hinchey pleaded no contest and was fined .	Plur
Hinchey died from the disease on November 22 , 2017 in Saugerties at the age of 79 .	Plur
In 2014 , Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines had a population of 231,057 .	Plur
Every four years , Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines serves as the start and finish point of the famous Paris – Brest – Paris bicycling endurance event .	Plur
The two Horsa gliders , each carrying 15 sappers , and one of the Halifax tug aircraft crashed in Norway due to bad weather .	Plur
Any two simple " A " -modules are isomorphic and formula _ 3 are finite direct sums of simple " A " -modules .	Plur
There are similar earlier toponyms but the first documentation of Latin " navarros " appears in Eginhard 's chronicle of the feats of Charles the Great .	Plur
However , object lifetimes are not necessarily bound to any scope , and objects may be destroyed non-deterministically or not at all .	Plur
Some Okinawans believe the male has his mouth closed to keep bad out of the home , while the female has her mouth open to share goodness .	Plur
When O 'Donnell appeared with a second division , the French heavy cavalrymen overran his rear guard .	Plur
There are two to several contractile vacuoles .	Plur
Curiously the algae remain viable at least for a while after being engulfed .	Plur
Daur lies approximately west of India , east of Iran and south of Afghanistan .	Plur
Along with the ' steals ' in the Battles , the Knockouts was a new addition to the format of the show starting from the second season .	Plur
Electors went to the polls on 20 May 1914 .	Plur
Hosts included Robert De Niro , Michael Douglas , Morgan Freeman and Quincy Jones .	Plur
The karts accelerate automatically and are controlled by tilting the device .	Plur
In 2010 , Key answered a number of questions posed by registered members of " The Icon Bar " forum .	Plur
The Sufis introduced the festival to the Muslim community in India .	Plur
In 1951 , the Ranas were overthrown and democracy was established in Nepal .	Plur
Whatley served with the British in South Africa from 1900 to 1901 .	Plur
In 1912 , Whatley married Agnes Ellen Lawrence .	Plur
The single-seater tunnel-hull catamarans are capable of breathtaking acceleration , high speeds and exceptional manoeuvrability .	Plur
His never-ending feuds eventually caused the downfall of his dynasty .	Plur
Newlands / Auldburn is one of the 23 wards of Glasgow City Council .	Plur
Pollokshields is one of the 21 wards of Glasgow City Council .	Plur
Ambroise Chevreux ( 13 February 1728 , Orléans – 2 September 1792 , Paris ) was a French Benedictine .	Plur
The Wonderful Worlds of Wally McDoogle is a book series written by American Christian author Bill Myers .	Plur
A burglar steals two gold plated eggs from a laboratory not knowing that they contain a deadly virus .	Plur
Additionally , American Eagle Outfitters and aerie merchandise are available at 82 licensed international franchise stores in 13 countries .	Plur
After retiring from boxing , Cummins went on to become a bodybuilder , debt collector and a bodyguard for pop star Lee Ryan .	Plur
According to " TechCrunch " , there were 279 unicorns .	Plur
The largest unicorns included Ant Financial , Didi Chuxing , Uber , Xiaomi , Airbnb , Palantir , and Pinterest .	Plur
IPOs also run the risk of devaluation of a company if the public market thinks a company is worth less than its investors .	Plur
The valuations that lead these start-up companies to become unicorns and decacorns are unique compared to more established companies .	Plur
Competitor financials and past transactions also play an important part when providing a basis for valuing a startup and finding a correct valuation for these companies .	Plur
The economic downturns of recent years have powered consumers to learn to be more conservative spending and the sharing economy supports this trend .	Plur
Moise put $ 1 million of his own funds into his campaign .	Plur
Moise said he was approached by organizers about completing Savannah 's Haitian memorial after a campaign to collect small donations for it had stalled .	Plur
In the early 1900s Fitts served on the Vermont Library Commission , including service as the commission ’ s Chairman .	Plur
Fitts , then a member of the Vermont House of Representatives and chairman of its Judiciary Committee , won the legislative election to the office .	Plur
Fitts was President of the Vermont Bar Association in 1912 and 1913 , and also served as a Vice President of the American Bar Association .	Plur
Fitts died at the home of relatives in Watertown , Massachusetts on December 20 , 1916 , following an illness and unsuccessful surgery .	Plur
The legal quays had not added any more frontage since 1666 and warehouse space was very limited .	Plur
Trueperella pyogenes is a species of bacteria that are nonmotile , facultatively anaerobic , and gram-positive .	Plur
Eighty-nine Queenslanders died during the war .	Plur
The uhlans then marched eastwards , to Pinsk and Łuniniec .	Plur
But later , Uyghurs broke their alliance and turn to China .	Plur
The siRNAs that targeted RhoA had no effect on other members of the Rho family .	Plur
There are always pollutants in the air of museums located in a cityscape , but for rural museums , the amount could be less .	Plur
With their own agendas set , they kidnap the minister 's daughter Yazhini ( Pavani Reddy ) and take her hostage in a forest .	Plur
There are specific rationales which are driving the internationalisation and strategies which are being used in the internationalisation of the high education institutions ( HEIs ) .	Plur
There are three rationales of internationalization : " idealism , instrumentalism and educationalism " .	Plur
Currently local trans only stop here towards Raxaul- Narkatiaganj and Sitamarhi- Darbhanga route .	Plur
There were around 60 Thracian fortresses in Strandzha , many of which were used in the Middle Ages when churches were constructed in their inner yards .	Plur
Balfour died 21 March 1875 .	Plur
Babos chose to play in Monterrey , but lost in the first round .	Plur
Through the next decades Panathinaikos became one of the best table tennis teams in Greece with a lot of successes in both men and women .	Plur
Smaller umbels may develop from the sides of the stem which usually contains only stamens .	Plur
These umbels wither away quickly .	Plur
Holidays include from the Western Calendar , Jordanian Islamic and Public holidays , and Eastern Orthodox Easter .	Plur
Chiang Rung may refer to :	Plur
Dale Collings ( born 16 December 1955 ) is a former professional tennis player from Australia .	Plur
Collings , who was known for his fast serves , won the Wimbledon Plate in 1978 .	Plur
Se 'i or sei is a typical smoked meat from Kupang , Timor island , East Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia .	Plur
The Cumans only became receptive to the idea of conversion after 1223 .	Plur
When morphine levels are high in the fly 's food source there are more secretions from the larva .	Plur
Since methamphetamines are toxic to " C. stygia " most flies die in the pupal stage , it is difficult to make proper identifications .	Plur
Most entomologists wait until the adult emerges to identify the species .	Plur
Female flies on high fat diets lived longer than males on the same food , and the reverse happened with low fat diets .	Plur
During spring their maggots develop from carcasses , but over summer their numbers drop as temperatures rise and other species such as " C. albifrontalis " dominate .	Plur
Other admissible triples include ( 3,5,7 ) and ( 10 , 10 , 16 ) .	Plur
Wood-framed ells extend to the rear , which are finished in weatherboard .	Plur
The woodlands are diverse in their species , and the grasslands are typical of unimproved calcareous pastures well known for the area .	Plur
Later in the same year , the Iberians fight a battle against Pompeys main force over the Aragvi river near Mtskheta , the capital of Iberia .	Plur
There were an estimated 1000 date palms , 8 donkey and 2 cows in the village .	Plur
Crumbled House 's rock masonry style and keyhole shaped kivas suggest a relation to Mesa Verde masonry traditions .	Plur
On June 1 , 2015 , the SaberCats placed Nelson on reassignment .	Plur
Southside kingpins St. Finbarr 's provided the opposition , however , the game ended level .	Plur
There are no visible inflows , but there is a drain at the eastern end which keeps the water level constant .	Plur
Pawns of appropriated armies do not change their direction of movement toward promotion .	Plur
In 1981 the Danube floodplains became an independent preserve .	Plur
Rituals , teachings , and many other aspects of Aztec society helped to reinforce this worldview .	Plur
Forward of the bunks was the crew 's head complete with a compact sink , shower and commode .	Plur
The Umbrellas may refer to :	Plur
In Saxony-Anhalt , the species forages deep in valleys when temperatures are above , but on warmer slopes or rocky areas when it is colder .	Plur
There are no clasps for this medal	Plur
S & H Green Stamps , as the company was commonly called , opened its first redemption center in 1897 .	Plur
Starting from humble beginnings Palmers was originally a family business .	Plur
Under the Childers Reforms , the Tower Hamlets militia became the 7th Battalion of the Rifle Brigade in 1881 .	Plur
When the pre-dreadnoughts began to be relegated to training duties in 1916 .	Plur
Leclair met his wife Sarah Healey in nearby Rochester , Alberta , where he began employment as an auctioneer .	Plur
The 1982 Montreal Concordes finished the season in 4th place in the East Division with a 2 – 14 – 0 record and missed the playoffs .	Plur
MacArthur called the Labuan air offensive " flawless " .	Plur
Outbuildings included 70 cottages , 30 barns , and a horse-racing track .	Plur
Videos he 's written or co-written for TMS have appeared on SportsIllustrated.com , USAToday.com , Comedy Central Insider , and The Huffington Post .	Plur
On April 24 , 2010 Avalos stopped the veteran John Alberto Molina to win the WBO NABO Bantamweight Championship .	Plur
During the 1920s , rivalries , bitterness and escalating feuds appear to have developed between the white officials on Palm Island .	Plur
Aphids are often also present on citrus and psyllids can be distinguished from them by being more active , jumping insects , whereas aphids are sedentary .	Plur
Most aphids have cornicles on the abdomen and psyllids lack these .	Plur
Yohan Tavares ( born 2 March 1988 ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for French club Troyes AC as a central defender .	Plur
On 21 November 2016 , free agent Tavares moved to the Thai League 1 with Bangkok United FC .	Plur
Early Cambrian trilobites belonging to the suborder Olenellina ( like " Fallotaspis " ) lacked facial sutures .	Plur
In the original description , the vagus and glossopharyngeal nerves were involved ; concomitant involvement of the neighbouring cranial nerves was observed later .	Plur
The Semantics were a band from Nashville , Tennessee , formed by Jody Spence , Millard Powers and Will Owsley .	Plur
In 1999 , Owsley re-recorded the " Coming Up Roses " for his eponymous first solo album Owsley .	Plur
Chronic bronchitis and emphysema are older terms used for different types of COPD .	Plur
Chest tightness may occur , but is not common and may be caused by another problem .	Plur
Environmental pollutants include both poor indoor and outdoor air quality .	Plur
Chronic bronchitis may occur with normal airflow and in this situation it is not classified as COPD .	Plur
Proper stoves may improve indoor air quality by 85 % .	Plur
In 2011 , there were approximately 730,000 hospitalizations in the United States for COPD .	Plur
The term chronic bronchitis came into use in 1808 while the term COPD is believed to have first been used in 1965 .	Plur
The Altos 586 was a multi-user microcomputer intended for the business market .	Plur
All recitatives are secco , but the full orchestra plays for the opening chorus , the last aria and the closing chorale .	Plur
The Outsiders of Uskoken Castle is a children 's novel written by Kurt Kläber .	Plur
Although still relatively uncommon , the cowbirds regularly parasitize the nests of orioles in developed habitats .	Plur
Knives come in many varieties .	Plur
The cameramen , Siddharth , shows Ramesh that the Everest mission has become the love story of Aakash and Anjali .	Plur
Her daughter chats away to the android while Martha stands at the bottom of the attic steps , and forces herself to join them .	Plur
Heyns moved to Zwolle in 1606 , where he opened a publishing company located behind what is now the Vrouwenhuis .	Plur
Fifties from captain Angelo Mathews and Lahiru Thirimanne only delayed the inevitable as India took a 4 – 0 lead in the series .	Plur
Later the duchies of Schleswig and Holstein arose .	Plur
His character speaks very little for most of the episode before his stream of consciousness-style rant at the judges .	Plur
[ ... ] ' 15 Million Merits ' wants you to look in the mirror and do something about it . "	Plur
Nellie McClung and Lillian Thomas spoke at the Liberal convention , the first time in Canada women had spoken at such an important political event .	Plur
The robustness of the basic satellite itself will allow ESA flight control teams to upload and try out new , innovative control software submitted by experimenters .	Plur
The Zamindars of Udayarpalayam have contributed to the temple by offering costly jewels and commissioned additional structures , notably Udayavar Mandapam .	Plur
Then there are the blinkered sceptics standing firm against overwhelming evidence , and contrived deaths galore .	Plur
Amendments to electoral laws increased the number of seats by four from 89 to 93 and changed the optional preferential voting system to compulsory full-preferential voting .	Plur
Wasps that build their nests on the underside of leaves will add an ant guard to the stem to prevent ants from attacking the nest .	Plur
The Sumter County Does , murdered in South Carolina , may have been Canadian .	Plur
If a skeletonized body is found , fingerprints and toeprints are impossible to recover , unless they have survived the initial decomposition of the remains .	Plur
" B. scutellaris " is most commonly found in Bolivia , Costa Rica , and Peru ranging in altitudes from 175m – 700m .	Plur
Wasps of the " Brachygastra " genus create nests in trees .	Plur
Consequently , " B. scutellaris " will display mostly polygynous behavior .	Plur
" B. scutellaris " are honey wasps and will thus display honey storing behavior characteristic of its genus " Brachygastra " .	Plur
Guard " B. scutellaris " will position strategically on the edges of the entrance .	Plur
Wasps belong to the order Hymenoptera , making them relatives of ants , bees , and sawflies .	Plur
Wasps can sting repeatedly unlike their close relative , the bee .	Plur
Wasps are adroit at controlling pest populations , so much so that recently the agriculture industry has started to regularly use them to protect crops .	Plur
In 1889 , the graziers banded together in response to union demands and moved to reduce pay rates .	Plur
In Coutts and Grey applied to purchase the freehold on a block comprising the homestead and woolshed .	Plur
All sashes have four lights .	Plur
The fascias are simply scalloped timber .	Plur
Economic Corridors of India or Industrial Corridors of India include :	Plur
The pulleys drive a large metal winding drum .	Plur
After crossing the weighbridge , the tramlines enter two tipplers .	Plur
Corridors exist in Asia , Africa , and other areas .	Plur
The pediments are plain except for the front one which displays a relief carved wreath and ribbon design .	Plur
46 , YY ( diploid ) is not observed .	Plur
At the moment , the two bypasses do not form a complete ring road .	Plur
By 1015 hrs " Greif " was badly afire by her bridge and seemed to have stopped .	Plur
" Andes " and " Comus " reopened fire on " Greif " .	Plur
Dignitaries from all over the world attended her funeral service .	Plur
The webs occur due to sub-epithelial fibrosis .	Plur
Crates are distinct from wooden boxes .	Plur
When overriding one method with another , the signatures of the two methods must be identical ( and with same visibility ) .	Plur
Garowe has a hot desert climate ( Köppen climate classification " BWh " ) .	Plur
Garowe is the third largest city in Puntland after Bosaso and Galkayo .	Plur
Garowe has a number of academic institutions .	Plur
Garowe is region to Mire Aware Stadium , a sporting facility with a crowd capacity of over 15,000 spectators .	Plur
Additionally , Garowe has various places of accommodation .	Plur
Only last year the top earners had to sign up for pay cuts or face the chop themselves .	Plur
Extras include deleted and extended scenes plus behind the scenes footage .	Plur
The Reels however never got to reunite as a six-piece group .	Plur
Since Newham retired , original bassist Abrahams has rejoined the band after twenty-three years .	Plur
The Mount Albert Taylors became known as the Kerr Taylors or Kerr-Taylors – apparently adopting Allan 's middle name as part of their surname .	Plur
During the 18th century , Acadians settled along the coast near the mouth of the river ; the French name for this river was St. Marguerite .	Plur
Scottish Highlanders began to settle in the Margaree Valley at the beginning of the 19th century .	Plur
The demon pats Glen on the head and touches his hand before returning to the hole .	Plur
The 4 arrondissements of the Ain department are :	Plur
Themselves , their blood relatives and descendants took Wu as their clan name in honor of their fallen kingdom .	Plur
In those instances , sleepers from eastern connections would take the place of " Regal " – or " Pine " – series cars :	Plur
Legendary Jazz Pianist Fats Waller died of pneumonia at the age of 39 on board the Santa Fe Super Chief on December 15 , 1943 .	Plur
This information confirms that Kamose confined his activities to this Egyptian nome and never approached the city of Avaris itself in his Year 3 .	Plur
The LCS comprises the American League Championship Series ( ALCS ) and National League Championship Series ( NLCS ) .	Plur
Weekday mornings on WMAL-FM-AM starts with " Mornings on the Mall " with Vince Coglianese and Mary Walter .	Plur
Vickers Valiants , modified for reconnaissance , moved there in 1955 and a Handley Page Victor in 1959 .	Plur
Also based at RAF Wyton were the T17 and T17A Canberras of 360 Sqn , the only joint RAF and RN Squadron specialising in ECM training .	Plur
The Yugoslavs , understandably , put their feet up .	Plur
The Serbians then failed to convert numerous chances that they had in the second half , notably Nemanja Vidić 's penalty miss midway through the second half .	Plur
He is second in Cowboys ' history with his 17 fumbles recovered .	Plur
Howley suffered a left knee injury from a crackback block by Charley Taylor in the win over rival Redskins late in the 1972 regular season .	Plur
In 1969 , Parrish joined many in an effort to remove Los Angeles mayor Samuel William " Sam " Yorty from office .	Plur
With the castings of Dennis Quaid as Bowen and Dina Meyer as Kara , Johnson said	Plur
In 1960 , the IOC had almost no funds .	Plur
Dicks qualified for the general election via the blanket primary and won the general election with 74 % of the vote against Republican nominee Rob Reynolds .	Plur
When deciding to retire from Congress in 2012 , Dicks said his biggest regret was voting for the Iraq War .	Plur
These Gurjars ( Gujars or Gujjars ) migrated from the Arbuda mountain region .	Plur
However , restlessness or akathisia can also be a side effect made worse by increased levels of diphenhydramine , especially with recreational dosages .	Plur
These four helices combine to form a heterodimerization interface and stabilize the BRCA1-BARD1 heterodimer complex .	Plur
Hesse originally used the term " functional determinants " .	Plur
Victories over Steve Goodwin and in 1994 Kevin Adamson followed , with Honeyghan retaining the Commonwealth Title in the latter fight .	Plur
At the age of nine , Scoggins won a diving championship ; by 13 she was accumulating swimming medals .	Plur
After graduation , Scoggins briefly taught physical education before being recruited by John Casablancas of the Elite Model Management agency .	Plur
Following the cancellation of " The Colbys " after two seasons , Scoggins reprised the role in the final season of " Dynasty " .	Plur
In 2005 , Scoggins landed a role as a main character , Grace Neville , on the gay supernatural series " Dante 's Cove " .	Plur
In 1998 , write-ins received 2 votes .	Plur
As of the end of 2008 , annual fundraising golf outings had raised more than $ 880,000 for the foundation .	Plur
Malaysians voted on 8 March 2008 in parliamentary elections .	Plur
In July 1848 , Aguascalientes accepted the peaceful annexation to Zacatecas ; but continued making efforts to separate through Miguel García Rojas .	Plur
In addition , the haciendas and baths around the state have historic and recreational importance .	Plur
The haciendas , hot springs , and baths scattered around the state are also of historical and recreational relevance .	Plur
Aguascalientes hosts the Panteras de Aguascalientes headquarters .	Plur
The MoveOn Petitions campaigning platform competes with other , similar hosts such as Change.org , Avaaz and PetitionOnline .	Plur
The Pequots assaulted a tribe of Indians who had tried to trade in the area of Hartford .	Plur
The Pequots attempted to get their allies to join their cause , some 36 tributary villages , but were only partly effective .	Plur
The Narragansetts had warred with and lost territory to the Pequots in 1622 .	Plur
As spring arrived in 1637 , the Pequots stepped up their raids on Connecticut towns .	Plur
About 200 Pequots survived the war ; they finally gave up and submitted themselves under the authority of the sachem of the Mohegans or Naragansetts :	Plur
A reredos ( IPA / ˈrɪɚdɒs / ) or raredos is a large altarpiece , a screen , or decoration placed behind the altar in a church .	Plur
Used in the 14th and 15th centuries , " reredos " had become nearly obsolete until revived in the 19th century .	Plur
Democratic dyads have a 55 % reduced chance .	Plur
To summarize a rather complex picture , there are no less than four possible stances on the value of this criticism :	Plur
Coors was also a semi-professional baseball player .	Plur
Coors married Mary Urquhart Grant in November 1940 .	Plur
Drummers can play accompaniment by following the lead sheet , a sheet music part in music notation , or by playing by ear .	Plur
Northlands decided not to release the 2008 attendance numbers due to an agreement with the Indy Racing League .	Plur
However , Northlands changed its decision and released the attendance figures showing a total of 743,374 attendees , a drop of almost 30,000 from the previous year .	Plur
Meteorologists distinguish between three basic types of ice forming on vertical and horizontal surfaces by deposition of supercooled water droplets .	Plur
Notable organists of Norwich Cathedral have included composers Thomas Morley , Heathcote Dicken Statham , Alfred R. Gaul and Arthur Henry Mann .	Plur
Because they are scavengers , the hornets may also serve as a transmitter of disease following consumption of infected plants .	Plur
The hornets are a primary pest to honey bees , attacking bee colonies to obtain honey and animal proteins .	Plur
Drones ( males ) can be distinguished from workers ( females ) by the number of segments on their antenna .	Plur
Drones have 13 segments while workers only have 12 .	Plur
Oriental hornets live in seasonal colonies which are formed every year in the spring by a single queen who mated during the previous fall .	Plur
Oriental hornets communicate through sound vibrations .	Plur
Oriental hornets capture other insects such as grasshoppers , flies , honey bees , and yellowjackets with which they feed the colony 's brood .	Plur
Since they are scavengers , the hornets can also transmit some serious diseases .	Plur
The hornets may also have harmful effects on plants and crops by transmitting fungi and bacteria from infected plants to healthy plants .	Plur
During the launch 202 hornets died as a result of a malfunction in the water system that caused an abnormal increase in humidity .	Plur
The surviving hornets lost their sense of direction and , unlike the control unit hornets , were unable to climb on the walls or stay in clusters .	Plur
Roughly 3 to 4 days upon returning to earth , the hornets started climbing on the walls again and building a nest .	Plur
The surviving hornets lived for an average of 23 days , compared to an average survival of 43 days for the control group hornets .	Plur
There were also intact fur hats , silk clothes , and footwear ( now in the Hermitage Museum , St. Petersburg ) .	Plur
Oddfellows were friendly or mutual societies , set up and organised by people from different guilds representing various trades .	Plur
The Loftus Oddfellows would raise money for their members .	Plur
Sumners balanced her athleticism and artistry which always gave her that competitive edge .	Plur
Sumners first emerged when she won the World Junior title in 1980 .	Plur
Sumners lent three of her world figure skating medals to an Edmonds bank for display in 1984 .	Plur
The plastic grips are in fact unnecessary and the device could still be operated without them .	Plur
The ditches are significant as they are examples of a disappearing habitat .	Plur
Multiply alkylated cyclopentane ( MAC ) lubricants have low volatility and are used in some specialty applications .	Plur
Divis ( ; ) is a large mountain and area of sprawling moorland to the north-west of Belfast in County Antrim , Northern Ireland .	Plur
The facies of the Lower Jurassic in this area are predominantly of clays , thin limestones and siltstones , deposited under fully marine conditions .	Plur
All these plesiosaurs had medium-sized necks and large heads .	Plur
Aims of the North Wales Wildlife Trust are :	Plur
Forms like and instead of or are frequently encountered but do not technically belong to the standard language .	Plur
Medications such as antihistamines and diuretics can be predisposing factors .	Plur
Routine vaccinations have dropped the incidence of mumps to a very low level .	Plur
In the narrowest part of the Passage , Dealey spotted what appeared to be two more patrolling Japanese destroyers and made an undetected approach .	Plur
Dealey thought he had scored a hit and sunk another destroyer also , but ( notoriously inaccurate ) postwar records failed to confirm it .	Plur
After a two-week rest at " Bend of the Elbow " , Dealey considered himself sufficiently rested .	Plur
At first light , Dealey finished off " Matsuwa " and Nimitz " Sado " ; when Nimitz missed " Hiburi " , Dealey finished her off .	Plur
Caron 's nightmares disappeared and he continued to wear the medallion through adulthood .	Plur
There are two triptychs in the chapel .	Plur
Since at least the early 1900s zoologists commonly recognized this as the last edition belonging to this series .	Plur
Samaras had been backing a " Yes " vote , together with his party , before the referendum .	Plur
Only large starships and jumpgates can create jumppoints , as well as the Vorlon-enhanced Whitestar ship .	Plur
Andalites , Yeerks and Pemalites alike all use z-space as a means of travel and communication .	Plur
Instead of breaking the barrier of the speed of light , spaceships in Primary Inversion go around it .	Plur
Existing in hyperspace , mass shadows are the hyperspace signatures created by gravity wells of large objects existing in normal space .	Plur
Mass shadows occur naturally , caused by the gravity wells of large celestial bodies such as , planets , stars , or gas giants .	Plur
The Terrans use warp drives in their spacecrafts , which allow faster-than-light travel .	Plur
As well , Nodespace fractures form naturally and somewhat randomly , meaning that the shortest path between stars may still be somewhat circuitous .	Plur
However , these artificial fractures are unstable and must be continually reinforced or they will collapse , destroying any matter in them at the time .	Plur
Imperial starships require a special force shield known as the , that creates a " realspace bubble " around the ship when in warpspace .	Plur
Only spaceships equipped with a special force field can enter hyperspace , because exposure to hyperspace even for short period of time is hazardous to unprotected humans .	Plur
Parcells replied to being asked about the rookie 's condition , saying : " She 's making progress . " .	Plur
Parcells later admitted he was wrong and that Glenn was a winner .	Plur
Parcells left New England and Glenn went into a four-year stretch of personal difficulties and inconsistent play .	Plur
These reads and writes logically occur at a single instant in time ; intermediate states are not visible to other ( successful ) transactions .	Plur
As with peer-to-peer , the downsides are lack of off-site backup , possible inhibition by some ISPs , and limitations in speed of serving .	Plur
These are powerboats described as " luxury motor cruisers " by Beneteau .	Plur
These are powerboats described as " sport cruisers " by Beneteau .	Plur
The current tiebreakers are as follows , with coin tosses used if all of the criteria fail :	Plur
Due to the heavy fogs often encountered on this river , she was fitted with radar becoming one of the first civilian ships to have this facility .	Plur
Since 1989 , the Middle Mountain Foundation ( which outgrew the Sutter Buttes Naturalists ) organizes guided hikes in the Sutter Buttes .	Plur
" Bloodlines " was an " instant hit " upon release .	Plur
Body Worlds is a series of exhibitions of real human bodies which have been “ plastified ” for display .	Plur
Most encyclopedias and similar sources estimate between 5 and 6 million Bahá 'ís in the world in the early 21st century .	Plur
Most encyclopedias and similar sources estimate between 5 and 6 million Bahá 'ís in the world in the early 21st century .	Plur
Most encyclopedias and similar sources estimate between 5 and 6 million Bahá 'ís in the world in the early 21st century .	Plur
Thales gave control of the system to the City of Edmonton in March 2015 , but failed to provide adequate documentation to place the line into service .	Plur
Flavin reductases are responsible for the conversion of FAD to FADH .	Plur
The offering 's lead underwriters were JPMorgan Chase , Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley .	Plur
The first two archivists were Dimas Gilas and Enrique León .	Plur
" Suicides " is a short story by French writer Guy de Maupassant .	Plur
Dykes had cleared a path on his property for school buses to take , and he had started speaking to Charles Poland weeks prior to the incident .	Plur
Langlois won the second prize at the Prix de Rome in 1805 and the first prize in 1809 , moving to Rome in the 1810s .	Plur
A possessed Jerry lunges at McBride then runs off when he tries to shoot her .	Plur
Most encyclopedias and similar sources estimate between 5 and 6 million Bahá 'ís in the world in the early 21st century .	Plur
For " Freakum Dress " two ballerinas appeared on stage and performed a choreography along with a video projection on the screen .	Plur
20 Puppis ( 20 Pup ) is a class G5II ( yellow bright giant ) star in the constellation Puppis .	Plur
The banknotes of the Sri Lankan rupee are part of the physical form of Sri Lanka 's currency .	Plur
Sri Lankan banknotes are unusual in that they are printed vertically on the reverse .	Plur
The woodcuts are certainly by a number of different artists ; many are unsigned , but figures 5 and 26 are signed " E.A .	Plur
At that time , most zoologists felt that natural selection could not be the main cause of biological adaptation , and sought alternative explanations .	Plur
The American evolutionary zoologists Jane Van Zandt Brower and Lincoln Pierson Brower followed up the experiments described in the book ( pp .	Plur
The Kauravas take their revenge when the eldest Pandava Yudhishthira loses her to Kauravas in a game of dice .	Plur
Although the approximate variance estimator of the ratio given below is biased , if the sample size is large , the bias in this estimator is negligible .	Plur
However , from the month of September , the atrocities of the Pakistani occupation army subsided a bit .	Plur
On 17 September , the Razakars arrived at the dead of the night in country boats and encircled the entire village .	Plur
At this time , the Razakars too began to fire as they entered the village and started looting .	Plur
The tramcars is in length , and will be able to transport a total of 250 passengers ( seated , and standing ) .	Plur
Most encyclopedias and similar sources estimate between 5 and 6 million Bahá 'ís in the world in the early 21st century .	Plur
But his dispatches show that he was afraid of the movement spreading into the Caucasus .	Plur
All this contradicts the communist thesis about the backwardness of all religions . "	Plur
Psychiatrists believed that his relationship with Adri would prevent him from reoffending , but warned that subsequent female rejections could trigger a relapse .	Plur
Israeli aeronautics expert Tal Inbar claimed " It ’ s not a plane , because that ’ s not how a real plane looks .	Plur
Hockley surrendered to an air raid warden who took him to the local civil defence HQ .	Plur
characterises PWV in terms of the incremental elastic modulus formula _ 15of the vessel wall , the wall thickness , formula _ 16and the radius .	Plur
Due to various sicknesses among the crew Arteaga decided to return south .	Plur
Festivities took place in all municipalities throughout the country , as well as in the Free City of Danzig .	Plur
The Danbury Whalers were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the Federal Hockey League that began play in the 2010 – 11 season .	Plur
Based in Danbury , Connecticut , the Whalers played at the Danbury Ice Arena , located in CityCenter Danbury .	Plur
Until the 2014 – 15 season , the Danbury Whalers were an affiliate of the Evansville IceMen of the ECHL .	Plur
Prior to their eviction , the Whalers led the FHL home attendance for the league 's first five seasons .	Plur
Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving is the third book of non-fiction by Bram Stoker ( the author of " Dracula " ) , published in 1906 .	Plur
Thorns are modified branches or stems .	Plur
Nicknames for the bike include " Indianapolis 500 Cycle-Scoot " , The " 500 " , & " Skirvin Deluxe " .	Plur
Each supports note on and note off instructions similar to MIDI .	Plur
At about 50 millimeters " Minytrema " begins to feed on the substrate and benthos and sand become part of the stomach contents .	Plur
Wiese also served as the team 's captain , and fullback Don Lund received the team 's Most Valuable Player award .	Plur
Wiese was also the team 's leading scorer with 42 points on seven touchdowns .	Plur
Figs are also an important food for the turtle .	Plur
These justifications for the legislation in question were not , perhaps , compelling .	Plur
Paphos was the capital of the island of Cyprus during the Roman years and seat of a Roman commander .	Plur
Johnny Smithers scored three plays later on a short run .	Plur
Tuba Fats made many important jazz recordings ; notably those under his own name on the Jazz Crusade label .	Plur
Because of coquina 's softness , cannonballs would sink into , rather than shatter or puncture the walls .	Plur
In Robert Sawyer 's Neanderthal Parallax trilogy , the Homo neanderthalensis occupying a parallel universe have what are called companion implants .	Plur
Landings at Warsai in the Cape Sansapor area 30 July followed further patrol and escort duty , and 15 September found " Herbert " off Morotai .	Plur
The cloisters display some antique Roman artefacts .	Plur
Destinations as of April 2015 are Rijeka , the island of Rab and Mali Losinj .	Plur
Over the fraternity 's history , philanthropies have included education , literacy , and the preservation of regional arts and crafts .	Plur
Brothers Keepers is a German-based transnational anti-racism project , bringing together hip hop , reggae and soul musicians , headed primarily by Afro-Germans .	Plur
Sisters Keepers later diverged from Brother Keepers , renaming themselves to “ Sisters ” and releasing the more radical record “ Gender Riots ” in 2008 .	Plur
In practice , but not in theory , precedents of the higher courts are becoming an important Russian law .	Plur
Traditions may establish rules of decision where there is no dispositive language in statute or other written law .	Plur
In 2011 , Soles started voicing the recurring character Maxwell Finnwich on " Detentionaire " .	Plur
Soles and his wife Lucy have several children and grandchildren .	Plur
The Marauders kidnapped homeless and neglected people off the streets of London and used them as test subjects for Essex 's experiments .	Plur
Nur met Essex and became interested in Essex 's work .	Plur
Nur offered an alliance with Essex in continuing his research .	Plur
Nur defeated Cyclops and Phoenix and leaves them for Essex to experiment on .	Plur
By the early 19th century , Anglo-Americans in the area used the term " Calusa " for the people .	Plur
Paleo-Indians entered what is now Florida at least 12,000 years ago .	Plur
Smells Like Children is an EP by American rock band Marilyn Manson , released on October 24 , 1995 by Nothing and Interscope Records .	Plur
The skates were different due to their unique colours and design , and he promoted it through a series of commercials for Nike .	Plur
Early 2002 Kaos departed from the band and was replaced by Makro .	Plur
Newer CPUs use more effective strategies marking which process an entry is for .	Plur
Along with mass-marketed informal wear in general , blue jeans are arguably one of US culture 's primary contributions to global fashion .	Plur
Lacrosse is most popular in the East Coast area .	Plur
Headstones , mausoleums , statuary or simple plaques typically mark off the individual graves .	Plur
Many Internet memes have originated there , including lolcats , rickrolling and Pedobear .	Plur
Bows are the ranged weapon of the game , best used by rogues .	Plur
Many potions are available for use , including health and mana restoration , and elixirs that increase statistics .	Plur
His " Epistles , Philosophical and Moral " promised seriousness or rather profound gravity ; and many of his other writings promised acrimony to a high degree .	Plur
" The Hounds " is a provocative investigate show with reality reports , comments , discussions and social experiments .	Plur
Explosives rigged in vital areas destroy almost all on board weapons , ammunition , and vehicles , in addition to severely compromising the vessel 's integrity .	Plur
" ortho " -Vanillin possesses moderate antifungal and antibacterial properties .	Plur
The series unfolds as the team takes on gargantuan creatures and protects the planet while also having to deal with the latest incarnation of Intelligencia .	Plur
pubescens " ( 茅竹 , 江南竹 ) since this species produces thick wood and easily burns to ashes in the incense stick .	Plur
The resulting merged arterials will continue on Southeast to Capitol Parkway end ( at 48th Street ) .	Plur
Waved pebbles overlaied with leaves and shells sculpt curved wall faces .	Plur
Pixies are very easy to maintain and can be worn casually , or dressed up for special occasions .	Plur
The Steelworkers won the right to represent Inco workers in 1962 , and Solski reluctantly joined the rival union .	Plur
Revelations is the third studio album by American country music artist Wynonna Judd , released in 1996 on MCA Records in association with Curb Records .	Plur
The skyscrapers of " Abraj Al Lulu " is one of the many tall buildings of the Manama skyline .	Plur
The Taylors were closely involved in the movement for Italian unification and Giuseppe Mazzini was a frequent visitor to Aubrey House .	Plur
Other global superpowers are the French Empire , People 's Republic of China and Free ( Black ) Africa .	Plur
Satires on the defeated , accounts of attacks , and praise for the fallen all were useful for Nazis .	Plur
Textbooks would often show that the birth rate amongst Slavs was prolific compared to Germans .	Plur
All mouldings such as skirtings , architrave and cornices are in keeping with the age of the building .	Plur
There are security grilles covering the openings to the outside .	Plur
There is modern lighting and service conduits and pipes face fixed to the walls .	Plur
Fruit pastes , popular in Latin American countries , are similar but more highly sweetened and jelled .	Plur
HMS Ulysses was the debut novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean .	Plur
Extra-cellular antigens primarily trigger the TH2 response , as observed with allergies , while intracellular antigens trigger a TH1 response .	Plur
As keynote organisms , helminths are central to correcting immune dysregulation , and their replenishment may be a disease preventative .	Plur
During this time , helminths compete with the host organism 's cells for nutrient resources and thus possess the potential to cause harm .	Plur
" He gave the impression he could gallop those horses to death , " McGaughey said .	Plur
McGaughey decided to wait and have Easy Goer 's legs further treated after the Breeders ' Cup that November .	Plur
Inquiries made in 1937 about the whereabouts of the remains of Sawyl were inconclusive .	Plur
Even the corrected MUAMA formulae are not valid for people who are obese or for older people .	Plur
The consortia are responsible for major international projects in Bucharest , Buenos Aires , Cairo , Istanbul ( Galatasaray ) , and Moscow .	Plur
By controlling the mouthpieces of the KMT , the BSS openly expressed advocacy of fascism in its publications .	Plur
Overall , three to eight steppe lemmings in one cage or aquarium is ideal , with no more than one male for every two or three females .	Plur
Additionally , steppe lemmings need grass and other leafy greens , such as alfalfa , to thrive .	Plur
Lemmings can drink from a shallow dish , but since they typically track their bedding into the water , a bottle with a ball valve is better .	Plur
In general , steppe lemmings are friendly animals and prefer to live in colonies .	Plur
Lemmings hurt in a fight should be placed in terraria or cages separate from the aggressor as soon as possible .	Plur
Two homeomorphisms of the " n " -dimensional ball formula _ 1 which agree on the boundary sphere formula _ 2 are isotopic .	Plur
More generally , two homeomorphisms of " D " that are isotopic on the boundary are isotopic .	Plur
Lian prays to the tree , and a projection of his mother appeared , who are supposed to be dead .	Plur
The overprints are just as for the Spanish currency , but fewer types were produced .	Plur
The third verse dwells on Christ 's birth and describes the simple surroundings , in a humble stable and watched by beasts of burden .	Plur
The heavens , even the highest heaven , cannot contain you . "	Plur
The rigors of individual games , held only once per week , also preclude the possibility of longer playoff series .	Plur
Many esports , most notably Counter-Strike and StarCraft , use a double-elimination bracket to determine the top two teams in a four team group .	Plur
Commercials often ran several minutes .	Plur
Flying saucers were in the news regularly throughout the 1950s and 1960s and were a frequent topic on Nebel 's show .	Plur
The cloisters are also notable for the 18th century tiles that recount fables of La Fontaine , among other themes .	Plur
The Maharajas of Mysore during these 650 years were :	Plur
The Battle Robots look like humans and transforming animals .	Plur
His 8 sacrifice flies were fifth in the league as well .	Plur
Most installments revolve around the students ' everyday lives , but the show puts emphasis on their personal , rather than academic , lives .	Plur
Treatises appeared on the best practices , but the growth of per-acre productivity was small .	Plur
Potatoes were just arriving at the end of the period , and became increasingly important .	Plur
and bread crumbs served to thicken soups , stews , and sauces .	Plur
In local government elections , single women ratepayers received the right to vote in the Municipal Franchise Act 1869 .	Plur
American-style dry cereals began to challenge the porridge and bacon and eggs of the middle classes , and the bread and margarine of the poor .	Plur
Youth-based subcultures such as the mods , rockers , hippies and skinheads became more visible .	Plur
In the 1650s after Portugal achieved its independence from Spain , Spain denied the asiento to the Portuguese , whom they considered rebels .	Plur
Spock concurs , stating National Socialism enabled a defeated and bankrupt Germany almost immediate governmental recovery to the level of near global domination .	Plur
Rominger 's strengths were time-trialling , climbing and recuperation .	Plur
Pins are available for a limited time ; the base price for a pin is US $ 7.95 .	Plur
DLR Lanyard Pin Collections have fewer styles than the WDW series , with most DLR series consisting of around 50 pins .	Plur
Pins have been available as merchandise at WDW and DLR hard ticket events since the late 1990s .	Plur
Were the beatings that the students from India sustained in Ukraine 's Metalist stadium somehow " exaggerated " ?	Plur
The muddy wastelands of the east are great places to make shocking documentaries .	Plur
Neapolitans such as Conforti , Catterina and Amedeo Salsi were also involved , the latter of whom was the club 's first president .	Plur
These cavities are actually artificial gaps formed from the shrinking of the cells during the staining and setting of the tissue for examination .	Plur
There are seven Vice-Presidents and the most senior is Catherine Ashton .	Plur
However , there are pros and cons to both classified and unclassified choropleth maps .	Plur
There are three abattoirs in the region .	Plur
Archivists are now using digital technology to preserve items that were once only preserved by things like microfiche .	Plur
Archivists now use things like digital imaging which make it possible for researchers to see historical items online .	Plur
These graziers have been monitoring and providing conservation works on their property for the benefit of the Golden shouldered parrot since the 1970s .	Plur
The ASI will be the right authority to ascertain the truth if they take interest .	Plur
Elektra lets go all of her rage and performs Kimagure on her , succeeding in resurrecting Abby .	Plur
In the 14th century BC , Thutmose IV hunted lions in the hills near Memphis .	Plur
Many Cambodians learned Vietnamese as a result .	Plur
Audio-Animatronic Munchkins began to appear from various places and sang as they welcomed guests to their home .	Plur
In November they supported David Bowie on his first Australian tour , however Crofts felt that at their Canberra gig they " played disappointingly .	Plur
Eccles explained to Pollyanna Sutton of " The Canberra Times " how the group 's sound had developed : " The change started when John Brewster left .	Plur
Compilers and producers of " Lost & Found " were Bill McDonough and Peter Blyton .	Plur
The winglets provide yaw stability .	Plur
These early diapers were bulky , heavy products composed of fluff pulp with a rayon topsheet , polyethylene backsheet .	Plur
The wipes launched with the new collection contain 99 % water and premium cotton .	Plur
These mailings can include Pampers samples or Pampers Coupons .	Plur
Dundas co-wrote the score for the film , considered " one of Britain 's biggest cult films " .	Plur
The Atlantic Revolutions were a revolutionary wave in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .	Plur
In long-term perspective , the revolutions were mostly successful .	Plur
Stratfor e-books and long form analyses are now available through a dedicated , on-site store .	Plur
The Texians immediately formed a hollow square with their wagons and cannon placed in each corner for defense as Gen. Urrea 's forces attacked .	Plur
The Texians soon learned that Cos and his men had already departed for San Antonio de Béxar but continued their march .	Plur
By afternoon , 50 Texians were ready to march from Matagorda .	Plur
The Texians allegedly planned a dance in Goliad on October 9 and invited the Mexican officers .	Plur
The Texians divided themselves into four groups , each assigned a different approach to the presidio .	Plur
In the pre-dawn hours of October 10 , the Texians attacked .	Plur
The Texians quickly hacked through a door on the north wall of the fortress and ran to the interior courtyard .	Plur
The Texians also gained control of several cannons .	Plur
The Chumash considered Lower Topanga a sacred , economic , and cultural meeting place for tribes all along the coast .	Plur
An off-axis 1.3-meter primary mirror focuses the microwaves onto the focal plane , which consist of 16 horns .	Plur
After Shapiro repeatedly referred to Tur with male pronouns , Tur grabbed his neck and threatened on air to " send him home in an ambulance " .	Plur
Drummers of this drum typically uses two kinds of sticks .	Plur
Daisy Fuentes ( born November 17 , 1966 ) is a Cuban-American television host , comedian and model .	Plur
The traditional Appalachian folk ballads brought by new settlers from the South infused Oklahoma with a music about the lives of everyday people .	Plur
Potatoes were particularly popular as they were grown in a similar way to kūmara but produced a much higher yield with less effort .	Plur
In flats ( households shared by a group of unrelated young people ) , flatmates will generally either take turns cooking or each cook and eat individually .	Plur
At this time Burne-Jones discovered Thomas Malory 's " Le Morte d 'Arthur " which was to be so influential in his life .	Plur
In 1870 , Burne-Jones resigned his membership following a controversy over his painting " Phyllis and Demophoön " .	Plur
Filmmakers come to the city for the unique European looking buildings and proximity to Toronto .	Plur
The Winterhawks have been the winners of the 2006 and 2007 Sutherland Cup .	Plur
The warheads possess key signature software that would disguise them as American-made and therefore bypass the American missile defense system .	Plur
British sitcoms usually cannot afford to occupy a studio facility for the entire run , meaning that they are unable to rehearse in the studio .	Plur
At this point there were few Marylanders yet in residence .	Plur
In 2004 , there were 185,415 abortions in England and Wales .	Plur
Canoes , kayaks and paddle boat are available for rental .	Plur
These molds occur predominantly in the skin of salami .	Plur
Yeolmu radishes and cucumbers are summer vegetables made into kimchi , " yeolmu-kimchi " ( ) which is eaten in several bites .	Plur
Rods have a very high spectral sensitivity to blue energy , whereas cones have varying spectral sensitivities to reds , greens and blues .	Plur
Then the punters will realise the team is going to be punished . "	Plur
Of the woodlands affected , ( 60.0 % ) was part of the Fort Apache Indian Reservation .	Plur
In 3D benchmarks and gaming applications , the GeForce 2 GTS outperforms its predecessor by up to 40 % .	Plur
Together , Chatham – Kent and Essex Counties make up one of the concentrations of Franco-Ontarians in the province of Ontario .	Plur
The 1957 – 58 Packards were little more than Studebakers badged as Packards ( also known as " Packardbakers " ) .	Plur
Fox 's Biscuits ( previously Elkes and Adams ) has a factory in Uttoxeter .	Plur
The RCS operated at a lower pressure than designed due to the leak .	Plur
Thus , hermeneutics is a cyclical task , but for Schleiermacher it is not viciously circular because of the role of intuition .	Plur
Amanda Pays ( born 6 June 1959 ) is an English actress .	Plur
Videos featuring Maru have an average of 800,000 views each and he is mentioned often in print and televised media discussing Internet celebrities .	Plur
Beams worked as a teaching assistant at the Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts , and her work has been collected by the Museum of Modern Art .	Plur
There are divergences on the location where he was sent .	Plur
In each city vying for state capital , lopsided majorities voted for their hometowns .	Plur
Green onions with large white sections is appropriate in making different kinds of kimchi due to their high sweetness .	Plur
Defenses are also able to substitute players that will allow them to match up more favorably against the personnel group that is used by the offense .	Plur
Birks observes that Mansfield 's classification of unjust factors , " was endowed with the authority of scripture and broadcast to the world by Blackstone .	Plur
Two rookie policewomen investigate a woman 's apparent suicide attempt .	Plur
Asian cosmetics are gaining an increasing amount of success in the beauty industry .	Plur
Most tattoo parlors are in apartment buildings .	Plur
Woodie Smalls ( born 18 June 1996 ) is a Belgian singer born and raised in Sint-Niklaas , Belgium .	Plur
At flowering time , the spathes become brown and papery , or fully scarious .	Plur
The lower spathes are green and leaf-like .	Plur
The irises are planted shallow , leaving the tops of the rhizomes exposed , to the sun .	Plur
UGUI-FLIF supports preview and converting PNG file to FLIF .	Plur
Corporate memberships are also available , as well as Honorary and Distinguished Fellow status , which are conferred by an act of Council .	Plur
After college Bars went and trained with THE GREAT Kevin Fitzgerald at The 615 Sports Training .	Plur
Eventually , the TARDIS began to malfunction due to Brewster 's meddling .	Plur
The Hobbs Pirates was the final name of a minor league baseball club based in Hobbs , New Mexico from 1955 through 1961 .	Plur
Under the Pirates , Hobbs won league titles in 1960 and 1961 .	Plur
As of the end of the 2015 – 16 season , the Terriers have an all-time record of 354 – 633 .	Plur
The Paladins began play in 1969 .	Plur
Going out further from the track along the Tigris , there were marshlands which would flood , especially during the Spring thaw .	Plur
The closings of Media Play , OfficeMax , and Price Chopper supermarket in 2006 did not bode well for the mall .	Plur
The Shoppes at South Hills was among those closing .	Plur
Britishers used to call this vis-a-vis and locals gave it the name Visava .	Plur
Virtual reality headsets known as " Dreamasks " are also popular since they enable wearers to escape their harsh reality .	Plur
The prehnite-pumpellyite facies is a metamorphic facies typical of subseafloor alteration of the oceanic crust around mid-ocean ridge spreading centres .	Plur
Vets at the LSU Veterinarian School announced that he had one to two months to live .	Plur
Initially , the Freikorps captured the town of Straupe and continued their advance toward the town of Limbaži .	Plur
Once the Omizutori is completed , the cherry blossoms have started blooming and spring has arrived .	Plur
Their calm and gentle natures also make them delightfully tame pets .	Plur
Cheeks should be plump , and the beak should be " broad and stout and rather blunt at the tip . "	Plur
The garments in question included " literal copies " of the plaintiff 's work , according to the original complaint filed .	Plur
Dresses featured shards of mirrors , a fallen grand chandelier , and the innards of a destroyed grand piano .	Plur
Peeples appeared in the music video for his song " Show Me . "	Plur
Most Shi 'ite Muslim Chileans are of Iranian blood , they may still speak Persian and / or other Iranian language , aside from Arabic and Spanish .	Plur
Tumors from midgut cells , such as ileal carcinoid usually contain and release large quantities of serotonin .	Plur
In 1987 , the Regents removed " Junior " from the college 's name but Macon College remained a two-year school .	Plur
The Mahayoga tantras will fall onto the palace of King Ja .	Plur
The Anuyoga tantras will emerge in the forests of Singhala [ Dudjom " et al . "	Plur
Iolaus persuades Hercules to let him go along for one last adventure before he is married , Hercules reluctantly relents and says that he can come along .	Plur
The Amazons return to their city and both men and women reminisce about the night before .	Plur
There are , however , wooden grips available which can serve in place of the common gray plastic version .	Plur
However , the front and rear pistol grips and sheet metal handguard are similar to those of the AMD-65 .	Plur
Marlowe learns that Linda Conquest had two friends : Lois Magic and a Mr. Vannier ; Magic is now married to Morny .	Plur
Marlowe visits Mrs. Morny at home and finds her with Vannier , who acts suspiciously .	Plur
Marlowe agrees to meet him at his apartment later .	Plur
Marlowe visits a rare coin dealer , Mr. Morningstar , who confirms that someone tried to sell him a Brasher Doubloon .	Plur
Marlowe agrees to buy it back the next day , and after leaving overhears the dealer trying to call Phillips .	Plur
Marlowe keeps his appointment with Phillips but finds him dead .	Plur
Marlowe receives an unaddressed package containing the coin .	Plur
Marlowe returns to the coin dealer and finds him dead .	Plur
Marlowe also talks to Linda and decides she is probably not involved in the theft .	Plur
Marlowe visits Vannier 's home , finds him dead , and discovers a photo of a man falling from a window with a woman behind him .	Plur
Marlowe confronts Leslie Murdock , revealing that he knew Murdock and Vannier had a plot to duplicate the coin using dental technology .	Plur
Marlowe tells Merle it was Mrs. Murdock who pushed her husband out of the window and then blamed Merle for it .	Plur
Marlowe drives her cross country , to the home of her parents , safely away from Mrs. Murdock .	Plur
Kākāriki parakeets ( " Cyanoramphus " ) use the leaves and bark of kānuka and the related mānuka tea trees to rid themselves of parasites .	Plur
Article III vests executive power in a governor elected for four years .	Plur
Amendments can originate either with the legislature or at a constitutional convention , and are voted on at the next general election .	Plur
His Sixteen Irish Sermons ( 1736 ) is the major Irish language theological work of the age and has gone through 14 editions by 1820 .	Plur
Modern and successful pranks often take advantage of the modernization of tools and techniques .	Plur
Invitations to conduct leading Russian orchestras followed , including the Leningrad Philharmonic and the Bolshoi Theatre .	Plur
Meanwhile , the two warring superpowers draw closer and closer to a confrontation .	Plur
Musk lorikeets are one of the few animals with the plasticity to survive and thrive in rapid urbanization .	Plur
Among the all-time greats he faced were the legendary Jack Dempsey , Harry Greb , Sam Langford , and Georges Carpentier .	Plur
Due to continuing cooperation between the two groups , the Chetniks also shared control of the towns of Rogatica , Olovo and Han Pijesak with the Partisans .	Plur
In 2002 , Smithies worked with his wife , Nobuyo Maeda , studying high blood pressure using genetically altered mice .	Plur
Smithies died on 10 January 2017 at the age of 91 .	Plur
The stranger confirms or denies his or her identity .	Plur
Regulators examine the genetic modification , related protein products and any changes that those proteins make to the food .	Plur
Regulators check that GM foods are " substantially equivalent " to their conventional counterparts , to detect any negative unintended consequences .	Plur
The AAAS stated that mandatory labeling " can only serve to mislead and falsely alarm consumers " .	Plur
At the outset of WWII most Soviet musical collectives continued to function giving concerts for the Soviet armed forces .	Plur
As the Warriors folded for good at the end of the season , the Platers came within arm 's reach of winning the National Title .	Plur
Inside these coffins are inscribed octagons with a central flower of curly leaf that finish in large hanging pine cones that symbolize fertility and immortality .	Plur
Boundaries are an integral part of the nurse-client relationship .	Plur
Nurses assist clients to achieve their health related goals including improving their relationship with others .	Plur
Nurses need self-awareness in this relationship to be able to relate to the patient 's experiences to develop empathy .	Plur
These behaviours are effective for communication skills , and are useful for thinking about how to listen to another person .	Plur
Nurses need to know the outcome of social , cultural , and racial differences , and how they can affect the therapeutic relationship .	Plur
Nurses need to acknowledge the impact of culture in order to practice health in a way that respects a person 's beliefs and values .	Plur
Nurses must intervene and report any abusive situations observed that might be seen as violent , threatening , or intended to inflict harm .	Plur
Nurses must also report any health care provider 's behaviors or remarks towards clients that are perceived as romantic , or sexually abusive .	Plur
Tires and braking capacity are also two important factors when determining maximum payload .	Plur
The loins are long and wide , well-muscled and slightly arched .	Plur
Such enhancers include medium chain fatty acids ( e.g .	Plur
Then the barangays want him to run for mayor of Vigan .	Plur
With no yellows , pitstops became the key as Waltrip stretch his fuel mileage for the win .	Plur
Junior Johnson 's Chevrolets led 305 of 400 laps as Darrell Waltrip took his seventh win of the season and Neil Bonnett finished fifth .	Plur
Most fetuses with triploidy do not survive to birth , and those that do usually die within days .	Plur
Treatments may include braces or wheelchairs , pacemakers and non-invasive positive pressure ventilation .	Plur
The Wilts & Berks Canal continued to fall out of use , with the last passing vessel being recorded in this year .	Plur
The 30s also saw more motor cars in private hands , with the town 's purpose built car park erected behind the Town Hall .	Plur
As in the two previous induction cycles , the 2012 inductions had an overriding theme ; " Rugby - A Global Game " .	Plur
In July 2015 , " Innocents Lost " won the Gold Medal for Public Service of the Florida Society of News Editors ( FSNE ) journalism contest .	Plur
Jefferies had gained his reputation through observations at Sacramento Peak Observatory .	Plur
Jefferies would build a 2.24 meter telescope with the State of Hawaii agreeing to build a reliable , all weather roadway to the summit .	Plur
Observatories have succeeded in being built , but only after protracted and expensive litigation and effort .	Plur
Tweets and news articles comparing " H. dianae " to Kermit helped images of the frog go viral .	Plur
There are three fables of ancient Greek origin that refer to hare chasing , each of which also exemplifies a popular idiom or proverb .	Plur
MediaWorks hopes the Magic network will increase its market share of the one million New Zealanders aged 50 to 74 .	Plur
MediaWorks secured a network of new frequencies in the 2014 radio spectrum auction in markets with large baby boomer populations .	Plur
Turkmen beys formed a coalition to recapture Ani .	Plur
The exact relatedness of these concurrent species is generally impossible to determine , as seen in the evolution of modern humans .	Plur
The cloisters are twelfth century and were modified in the sixteenth century by Andrea Doria .	Plur
Tonks found himself in the bottom two in Week 7 after his performance of " Billie Jean " failed to impress .	Plur
Tonks found himself in the bottom two again in week 8 against Steve Broad .	Plur
Edmunds and Faires both filed to run for the seat on March 16 .	Plur
Valls started his career as a designer for Ramon Sunyer , a jeweller .	Plur
A day later the Bantams announced they will play host to Carlisle United on 25 July 2015 .	Plur
On 30 June 2015 , the Bantams confirmed their second friendly during the week-long stay in Scotland .	Plur
On 15 June 2015 , the Posh added three more confirmed fixtures to the pre-season schedule .	Plur
Golden , erect setae are present under the head and on the mesosoma .	Plur
In early 1992 mobs began attacking book stores stocking her work .	Plur
Lanois helped him get notoriety , mainly due to some of his own collaborations , such as with Brian Eno , Emmylou Harris and Bob Dylan .	Plur
In 1992 , Lycée Français Prins Henrik moved to the former premises of Schneekloth 's School at Frederiksberg Allé 22 .	Plur
Menderes reached the fourth time the recall .	Plur
Throughout the years , Ghanaians have believed that both physical and spiritual ailments are the cause of infertility .	Plur
Barriers to obtaining professional health care include high costs , inadequate transportation , long distances to health care facilities , and poor road conditions .	Plur
After the naming concludes , friends and relatives give gifts to the family , and feasting and dancing follows .	Plur
Ghanaians believe that the circumcision represents cleanliness and the pain will make the boys physically and mentally stronger .	Plur
Armes was the son of James Armes , Jr . ( 1916-1992 ) and Verna Louise Armes ( 1920-1971 ) .	Plur
Sushama prays very ardently and suddenly Chandran hears a baby crying and remembers his son and goes back to his home .	Plur
Hudsons moved forward into the South Pacific while No .	Plur
Since 2001 , RNZAF P-3K Orions and C-130 Hercules have made periodic deployments in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan .	Plur
In the run-up to the Contest , bookmakers Ladbrokes had the lowest odds on songs from Ireland , Italy , and the United Kingdom .	Plur
Sunsets occur almost exactly due west on the equinoxes for all viewers on Earth .	Plur
Sunsets on other planets appear different because of differences in the distance of the planet from the Sun and non-existent or differing atmospheric compositions .	Plur
Fluids is typically the cornerstone of initial management .	Plur
Additional screenplays based on original work included " Beautiful View , " " Once Again for Zelda " , and " Under Heaven " .	Plur
Innovators and originators in the field include W. W. Greg , Fredson Bowers , Philip Gaskell , G. Thomas Tanselle .	Plur
Descriptive bibliographies as a scholarly product usually include information on the following aspect of a given book as a material object :	Plur
The former tends to be more prevalent in conifers and the latter in hardwoods .	Plur
Three monolignol monomers are precursors , all of which are methoxylated to various degrees : " p " -coumaryl alcohol , coniferyl alcohol , and sinapyl alcohol .	Plur
Low molecular weight oxidants might also be involved .	Plur
Deficiencies of the hippocampus may reduce the memory resources available to help a body formulate appropriate reactions to stress .	Plur
Deficiencies in the HPA axis may play a role in allergies and inflammatory / autoimmune diseases , such as rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis .	Plur
Several monoamine neurotransmitters are important in regulating the HPA axis , especially dopamine , serotonin and norepinephrine ( noradrenaline ) .	Plur
The heartlands of Ångermanland lie in today 's Västernorrland County , with the remainder of the traditional province now forming part of Västerbotten and Jämtland Counties .	Plur
From the age of 14 , Nazir began reading poetry and he wrote many poems himself , especially between 1946 and 1962 .	Plur
Nazir with others laboured for several years to establish a strong Sunday School and youth group at St Anthony 's Church in Shubra .	Plur
There were also dialogues with various Protestant churches worldwide .	Plur
Between the spandrels is the keystone , on which there stands a female on the East side and a male on the West side .	Plur
These spoils were likely originally colored gold , with the background in blue .	Plur
Two simple attractors are a fixed point and the limit cycle .	Plur
Forms on the left are most often encountered in experimental fields , while those on the right are most often encountered in theoretical fields .	Plur
These distributions have units of energy per volume per spectral unit .	Plur
The two distributions differ because multiple bosons can occupy the same quantum state , while multiple fermions cannot .	Plur
Cazares created , wrote and recorded all the music on the album .	Plur
Cazares was then permanently out of the band .	Plur
Later printings dropped the illustrations , used a smaller typeface , and switched from bold to italics for emphasis .	Plur
Like all ciliates , " Paramecium " has a dual nuclear apparatus , consisting of a polyploid macronucleus , and one or more diploid micronuclei .	Plur
In the last group , rhizoids of compatible strains meet and fuse .	Plur
Among the microfossils are chytrids preserved as parasites on rhyniophytes .	Plur
2 ) The globules migrate to the columella when the sporangium is formed .	Plur
Ralphs played lead guitar and the Thunderthighs provided female vocal backing and a bridge .	Plur
In contrast to the tendency to associate Polynesia with lush tropical vegetation , the Marquesas are remarkably dry islands .	Plur
Except for Motu One , all the Marquesas are high islands .	Plur
Droughts , sometimes lasting several years , are frequent and seem to be associated with the phenomena .	Plur
Of all major island groups in the Pacific , the Marquesas suffered the greatest population decline in Polynesia from endemic diseases carried by Western explorers .	Plur
Cuts occurred every year between 2000 and 2007 , leaving a much-depleted work force to carry out the duties of maintaining a large encyclopedia database .	Plur
SSRIs , including sertraline , reduce the symptoms of premenstrual syndrome .	Plur
Throughout the 1620s , French Huguenots fled France and founded colonies in the New World much like their English counterparts .	Plur
The ambitious Huguenots had also claimed the island of Tortuga off the northwest coast of Hispaniola and had established the settlement of Petit-Goâve on the island itself .	Plur
The two new Airbus A320s , V8-RBW and V8-RBX , have three rows of seats with extra legroom compared to ordinary economy class seats .	Plur
Genealogical antiquaries recognised the evidential value for their researches of non-textual sources , including seals and church monuments .	Plur
Many early modern antiquaries were also chorographers : that is to say , they recorded landscapes and monuments within regional or national descriptions .	Plur
Nevertheless , many practising antiquaries continue to claim the title with pride .	Plur
The word 's resonances were close to those of modern terms for individuals with obsessive interests in technical minutiae , such as nerd , trainspotter or anorak .	Plur
The Marbles were a British rock duo consisting of Graham Bonnet and Trevor Gordon .	Plur
Blended winglets are in production on 737 NG aircraft and are available for retrofit on 737 Classic models .	Plur
These winglets stand approximately tall and are installed at the wing tips .	Plur
Owing to the 737 's long production history and popularity , many older 737s have found use in museums after reaching the end of useful service .	Plur
Of all the Idylls , “ Gareth and Lynette ” is sweetest and most innocent .	Plur
His worries begin to plague him and he finally asks Arthur 's permission to return to Devon .	Plur
A few stalwarts were later able to realise Top 40 chart success , but the moment was gone .	Plur
The Pistols played support slots for the Blockheads and the 101ers at the Nashville .	Plur
By the time the Year Zero of punk ( 1976 ) was over , punks wanted nothing to do with pub rockers .	Plur
In 1961 , actual benchmarks indicated that the performance of the IBM 7030 was only about 30 times the IBM 704 ( i.e .	Plur
In 1994 , highway patrolmen found marijuana in his car near Waco , Texas .	Plur
However , there are usually two primary temperaments that are displayed at a significantly higher level .	Plur
Shipments did not start until later that summer .	Plur
There are over 1 million nephrons in each kidney ; these nephrons act as filters inside the kidneys .	Plur
In some cases , excess wastes crystallize as kidney stones .	Plur
The ureters are muscular ducts that propel urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder .	Plur
The ureters run posteriorly on the lateral walls of the pelvis .	Plur
In the female , the ureters pass through the mesometrium on the way to the bladder .	Plur
the skin excretes sweat through sweat glands throughout the body .	Plur
Then handkerchiefs and daggers rule his mind .	Plur
The Raptors then bought out Camby 's contract .	Plur
Shortly afterward , the HUAC closed its investigation of John Garfield , leaving him in the clear .	Plur
As Japan plunged deeper into World War II , banknotes became more poorly made .	Plur
Townships ( ; ) are the third-level administrative divisions of Myanmar .	Plur
The workbooks produced in the school became a base for syllabi created at other such facilities in the country .	Plur
Parishioners included Peter Faneuil , Charles Apthorp , Philip Dumaresq , William Coffin , Thomas Aston Coffin , Leonard Vassall , Samuel Hale Parker .	Plur
In 1983 , there were 150 churchgoers in Besançon ; in 1989 , the number rose to between 400 and 600 .	Plur
Sutures form lobes across the ventral side but go transversely straight across the dorsum .	Plur
Lastly , Bluewater secures financing early on in the development process to see the project through from concept to decommissioning .	Plur
Meers raised $ 13,799 and spent $ 12,896 .	Plur
As the fossil footprint collections grew , Lockley created the Dinosaur Tracks Museum acting as Curator / Director there from 1966 until 2012 .	Plur
The Dunlap coke ovens are the remnants of a coke production facility near Dunlap , in the U.S. state of Tennessee .	Plur
The ovens themselves are in diameter , with sandstone exteriors and firebrick interiors .	Plur
The coke ovens required a crew of 85 to remain in full operation .	Plur
Corrections for relative effect of front and rear tyres and steering forces are available in the main article .	Plur
These rotations are intrinsic rotations and the calculus behind them is similar to the Frenet-Serret formulas .	Plur
Thus , the following four stereoisomers may exist :	Plur
Some foresters surrendered 4,526 NZUs for emissions from deforestation .	Plur
Due to the two tonnes for one NZU arrangement , emitters surrendered 8,303,660 NZUs for their emissions .	Plur
Due to the two tonnes for one NZU arrangement , emitters surrendered 16,381,479 units for their emissions .	Plur
In the 2011 calendar year , NZ emitters made a large switch from domestic NZUs to cheaper international units .	Plur
The Painters defeated the Kansas City Athletic Club 25-23 in 1928 and Henry Clothiers of Wichita , Kansas 51-35 in 1929 .	Plur
Cook Paints bought WHB radio in Kansas City in 1930 .	Plur
The next day 200 state constables and 300 deputy sheriffs insured the safety of the strikebreakers and also began evicting strikers from company houses .	Plur
Then there were omens and rumors that there would be two kings in Burma .	Plur
Spellings are almost identical to other dialects of British English .	Plur
Entrances have bronze doors with pediments decorated with eagles and floral scrolls .	Plur
The macOS doesn 't include it , so it has to be downloaded and installed separately .	Plur
Scoring overlays are amongst others used in practical shooting within the International Practical Shooting Confederation .	Plur
The Jolas believe in a god called " Ata Emit " .	Plur
The last four matchups between the squads had national championship implications and have greatly intensified the rivalry .	Plur
Videos on social media showed protests in Ahvaz , Mahshahr , and Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni .	Plur
Lectures on the building 's historic roots have also taken place here .	Plur
Announcers were Del Sharbutt , Carlton KaDell , Howard Petrie , Hy Averback , and Bob Stewart .	Plur
Announcers were Bud Heistand and Ed Peck .	Plur
Verandah balustrading and stair handrails require restoration otherwise building is in near original condition .	Plur
Canes sailed from Portsmouth on the 20 October 1801 for the Mediterranean with details of the preliminaries of the peace treaty .	Plur
Queensland motorists have a choice of nearly 100 different types of personalised plates .	Plur
Prior to 2017 season , the Governors had just one win in four seasons .	Plur
The Governors finished 8-1 in FCS play , 8-4 overall , tying the school record for eight wins in one season .	Plur
The volcanic activity produced breccia and lava flows , probably first generating a shield volcano .	Plur
In addition there were bivalves ( inoceramids and pycnodonts ) , bryozoans , corals , gastropods , echinoderms , echinoids , ostracods and sponges .	Plur
Its cognates include " səlambaw " in Iban and Malay .	Plur
The sheriffs had to provide oxen to haul the guns to Duchal and the king obtained at Paisley who came to the castle with mattocks and spades .	Plur
Higher vacuums require more sophisticated equipment , and higher operation costs , while higher pressures yield faster growth .	Plur
The Mikes were already Christians at the time , making a marriage impossible .	Plur
Several op-eds ran throughout the month , including the following :	Plur
" HM hired armed cutter Duchess of York	Plur
In 1983 , Dillons merged into Kroger .	Plur
Training raptors ( birds of prey ) is a complex undertaking .	Plur
Since using mews jesses in the field is dangerous to the bird , educated falconers no longer risk them .	Plur
Mews in the US have to be inspected for compliance with federal and state laws .	Plur
Some falconers feed meat based on its nutritional value to control how hungry the bird is .	Plur
Alternatively , falconers feed their birds whole food such as mouse or quail , reducing the need for supplements and additional roughage .	Plur
Most falconers only have one or two birds , as they each require much effort .	Plur
Some falconers do not recommend that beginners start with a kestrel , a tiny species of falcon .	Plur
" Limnonectes " is a sister group of " Nanorana " .	Plur
" Traditional " two-party matchups between the Nationals and Labor during Oakeshott and Besseling 's tenures had always shown Port Macquarie as a comfortably safe National seat .	Plur
Northern Tablelands is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales .	Plur
The caches are two-way set-associative , have a 32-byte line size , and are virtually indexed , physically tagged .	Plur
64-bit multiplies have an extra four cycles of latency and half the throughput .	Plur
Playing against crowd-favorite Ginebra San Miguel , the Milkmen finally won their first PBA title , winning the best of five series , three games to one .	Plur
The Milkmen in the middle of last year acquired forward Bong Hawkins from Sta .	Plur
The Milkmen were in their seventh straight finals appearance when they go up against surprise finalist Formula Shell for the Commissioner 's Cup title .	Plur
The Milkmen won their 9th PBA title , tying the famed Toyota Super Corollas as the third winningest ball club .	Plur
The Realtors swept the depleted-lineup of the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Quarterfinals .	Plur
Mirex induces pervasive chronic physiological and biochemical disorders in various vertebrates .	Plur
Substances that inhibit the enzymatic activity of MAO-A include :	Plur
The nearest railheads are at Guruvayoor and Thrissur .	Plur
Two Cops ( ) is a 1993 South Korean action / comedy film directed by Kang Woo-suk .	Plur
Swings in Australian parliaments are more commonly associated with the TPP vote .	Plur
The Puranas tell us that he placed his son at Varanasi and himself ruled from Girivraja ( Rajagriha ) .	Plur
The Puranas tell us that he placed his son at Varanasi and himself ruled from Girivraja ( Rajagriha ) .	Plur
Judging from mtDNA sequence analysis , several clades seem to exist .	Plur
Atlantic Tanners were fine tanners of local cow hides shipped world wide .	Plur
More Kalmyks fought in the Kalmykian Cavalry Corps than in comparable units of the Soviet army .	Plur
The Colchis used gold and mined other materials .	Plur
Cones generally do not show a visual difference ; however , cone intervals can be used to determine the sex of the plant .	Plur
Junkers abandoned the design when Müller left , choosing to develop the Jumo team 's simpler design instead .	Plur
The reds and blues pick their new teams and explore the new bases and equipment ( Valhalla ) .	Plur
Caboose says that the alien likes puzzles and wants to play a game like Duck , Duck , Goose except that it involves shooting the characters .	Plur
His 14 touchbacks put him behind only Pro Bowler Neil Rackers .	Plur
One of the Ball State Cardinals ' all-time greats Timmy Brown starred in the ICC before moving on to a ten-year career in the NFL .	Plur
The Indiana State Sycamores were also dominant in ICC baseball , winning titles in 1957 , 1958 , 1964 , 1966 under Coach Paul Wolf .	Plur
The Sycamores hosted the NAIA National meet in 1964-65 .	Plur
The Sycamores subsequently produced 2 NCAA All-Americans and participated in the NCAA National Championships before withdrawing from the conference following the 1967-68 season .	Plur
" nigra " Bankes is unicolorous blackish except a very small patch of white distally to the cell .	Plur
The Lancken-Granitz dolmens are a group of seven megalith tombs in the Lancken-Granitz municipality on Rügen , northern Germany .	Plur
The dolmens are part of a series built between 3,500 and 3,200 BC , during the Neolithic .	Plur
In an effort to save the floundering family store in Brimley , the Sugars returned in 1906 .	Plur
About 36 MiG-15s from the 4th Aviation Division were involved in the engagement in which Davis was killed , and Zhang was among the group .	Plur
All currencies are US dollars unless otherwise stated .	Plur
4 IIMs were supposed to be set up in 2009 in the first phase with the rest 3 being set up in 2010 in the second phase .	Plur
The specialisations offered are Business Environment , Finance , General Management , Human Resources , Information Technology , Marketing , Operations and Strategy .	Plur
New enrollees would not receive subsidies .	Plur
The avocets have long legs and long up-curved bills .	Plur
The stilts have extremely long legs and long , thin , straight bills .	Plur
Loons are aquatic birds the size of a large duck , to which they are unrelated .	Plur
Loons swim well and fly adequately , but are almost hopeless on land , because their legs are placed towards the rear of the body .	Plur
The sulids comprise the gannets and boobies .	Plur
Parrots are small to large birds with a characteristic curved beak .	Plur
Their upper mandibles have slight mobility in the joint with the skull and they have a generally erect stance .	Plur
All parrots are zygodactyl , having the four toes on each foot placed two at the front and two to the back .	Plur
The vireos are a group of small to medium-sized passerine birds restricted to the New World .	Plur
The kinglets are a small family of birds which resemble the titmice .	Plur
The mimids are a family of passerine birds which includes thrashers , mockingbirds , tremblers and the New World catbirds .	Plur
The waxwings are a group of passerine birds with soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers .	Plur
Forward of the bunks was the crew 's head complete with a compact sink , shower and commode .	Plur
Both junks had arms , ammunition , and documents on board .	Plur
Plugins are available for WordPress , Drupal , Codelgniter , vBulletin , and phpBB .	Plur
Intruders is a 2011 Spanish supernatural horror film directed by Juan Carlos Fresnadillo and written by the Spanish duo Nicolás Casariego and Jaime Marques .	Plur
The castings with which to machine and build these designs are in many cases still available from commercial suppliers such as Reeves 2000 ( formerly A.J .	Plur
Several other influential Sufis have claimed the title of " qayyum " .	Plur
ESM would instead use their ARX-03bs for the opening round at Silverstone , before switching to the Ligier JS P2 platform for the rest of the season .	Plur
There are vets of the same name at this cemetery in DC but NOT the Medal of Honor recipient .	Plur
" On Parables " ( German : " Von den Gleichnissen " ) is a short story fragment by Franz Kafka .	Plur
Kafka 's The Blue Octavo Notebooks are full of parables , many observations about daily life intertwined with poignant twists .	Plur
Depths reached 48 inches across the area , with reports from isolated areas reaching depths of 60 inches in the middle of February .	Plur
The selectmen elect from among their membership the positions of chairman , vice-chairman , and clerk of the Board .	Plur
Hoose reaped many honors for several of his books .	Plur
Moslems were the highest in Sub Siak Hulu as many as 63 511 people .	Plur
" Snowflakes and Sunshine " marked the introduction of his unconventional violin and trumpet playing .	Plur
The lumbermen took the logs to the sawmill where they were cut into lumber .	Plur
Other changes will be purely cosmetic : hubcaps on cars will spin and twinkle to the beat of each song .	Plur
Deckers went public in October 1993 and in 1995 acquired UGG Australia .	Plur
The re-releases included live material and the compilation " Slip Backwards " .	Plur
Skeptics against the received dogma , known as Descensionists or Anti-Evolutionists , are more open to the spaceflight theory , which the Church views as heresy .	Plur
The Ailerons were an indie rock band featuring Charity Hair , Daniel Beattie , Dave Rowntree , Grog Prebble and Mike Smith .	Plur
Lycidas appears , saying he will live in Arcadia , and he asks to be left alone with Chloe .	Plur
The ready ammunition bins fastened to the side and rear panels ( four on each side and two in the rear ) contained one 20-round magazine each .	Plur
Oil syringes are another means of obtaining an oil sample from a transformer .	Plur
The VFF would hold a 36 % stake in the new corporation , and the rest would be held by clubs .	Plur
Envoys from other kingdoms , merchants , pilgrims , soldiers and ordinary people all travelled about in the great city through an extensive network of roads .	Plur
While today the environs of the metropolitan city appear to be barren , evidence of extensive deforestation and numerous agricultural sites have been recorded .	Plur
Tombs associated with the Muslim inhabitants of the city are also present .	Plur
Bathers formed a club , ‘ Companions of the Baths ’ .	Plur
KFJZ is simulcast 24-hours a day on K273CS at 102.5 MHz .	Plur
There were trestles spanning Chandlers Run and Rouges Harbor Branch and an excavation at Magazine Hill , just east of Waterbury .	Plur
The codenames listed under Character are those used during the time frame of the particular iteration .	Plur
After a poor start to the 1961 – 62 campaign , Stoke 's attendances at the Victoria Ground dropped alarmingly below the 10,000 mark .	Plur
There were many popular portrayals of the Ōoku .	Plur
Garrels worked for the U.S. Geological Survey during World War II and returned to teach at Northwestern until 1952 .	Plur
Garrels had broad interests beyond geology .	Plur
Ralphs returned later on during the tour and Whitehorn joined Procol Harum where he still plays to this day .	Plur
As a result , plows could not get through to clear the snow and the whole region was " stranded in place " .	Plur
Local mayors and town supervisors also declared states of emergency in their respective municipalities .	Plur
'We cannot exist here after the British leave .	Plur
Under British protection , the Assyrian Levies did not become Iraqi citizens after until 1924 .	Plur
In 2006 , the Regents of the University of California began considering a major renovation of Memorial Stadium .	Plur
Ancient immortals are almost completely unaffected by the sun .	Plur
Many Canadian sportswriters had predicted an overwhelming victory for Canada in the series .	Plur
Military and marching fifes have metal reinforcing bands around the ends to protect them from damage .	Plur
Modern fifes are two or three piece constructions , and incorporate a sliding tuning joint made of metal or cork .	Plur
These flutes are unable to play all chromatic pitches , while many of the chromatic pitches they can play are grossly out of tune .	Plur
These fifes were one piece , cylindrical bore instruments with six irregularly sized and placed tone-holes .	Plur
These fifes were not otherwise available to the public .	Plur
The cone flutes had fallen out of favor to the cylindrical flutes designed by Boehm , though fifes and piccolos remained popular among folk music performers .	Plur
His fifes are two-piece , six or ten hole instruments with a Boehm style bore ( cylindrical foot and truncated parabolic head ) and huge tone holes .	Plur
The one- and two-piece fifes produced there rival both the revised McDonagh fife and the Healy fife for intonation , pitch , and ease of playing .	Plur
Ewa Paradies ( 17 December 1920 – 4 July 1946 ) was a Nazi concentration camp overseer .	Plur
When the women moved , Paradies beat them .	Plur
Well-developed sandhills are the dominant features along the southern boundary of the reservation , which extend into the sandhills region of Nebraska .	Plur
Small miscalculations result in failure or , in rare cases , death .	Plur
The chloroplasts found in " Euglena " contain chlorophyll which aids in the synthesis of carbohydrates to be stored as starch granules and paramylon .	Plur
Therefore , semiconductors are ideal thermoelectric materials .	Plur
Some possible dopants are halogens and group IV and V atoms .	Plur
Most animal caches are of food .	Plur
Possessions will take on a sentimental value that outweighs their functional value .	Plur
Although partly functional , weather vanes are generally decorative , often featuring the traditional cockerel design with letters indicating the points of the compass .	Plur
Not all weather vanes have pointers .	Plur
G5 Macs draw all power from the finger connector and therefore are 8x compatible .	Plur
Southern Right Whales possibly frequented the bay historically , prior to significant depletion of the species caused by commercial and illegal hunting .	Plur
Many anniversaries have special names .	Plur
The initial pandas released from captivity all died quickly after reintroduction .	Plur
Population ecologists should therefore collaborate with biologists , ecologists , and wildlife management to improve reintroduction programs .	Plur
By 1953 , redesigns led to a completely new aircraft bearing no more than a familial resemblance to the Cougar .	Plur
Originally published in Herwarth Walden 's " Der Sturm " magazine in August 1919 , the poem made Schwitters famous almost overnight .	Plur
The same year , Schwitters also published " Memoiren Anna Blumes in Bleie " , a book that chronicled and parodied reactions to the original book .	Plur
25,000 workers in the Union Stockyards struck for an 8-hour day in 1886 and to rescind a wage reduction .	Plur
Other notable Ashton ballets include :	Plur
Christian hermits originally gathered at Mount Serbal , believing it to be the biblical Mount Sinai .	Plur
Two other copper sulfates comprise the remaining of these rare minerals : bonattite ( trihydrate ) and boothite ( heptahydrate ) .	Plur
The exponents of Bajjika have unsuccessfully demanded an official language status for Bajjika from the federal and the state governments .	Plur
After a series of events , the CAS finally decided in February 2012 that Contador lost his results from 2010 , declaring Andy Schleck the new winner .	Plur
The major ethnicities living there are Rajbanshi , Rai , Limbu , Newar , Chhettri , Brahmins , Marwaris and various others .	Plur
Major ethnicities includes Brahmin and Chhetri and Nepali is a major language spoken by the people here .	Plur
Out of all the ethnicities , Satar and Rajbanshi are underprivileged in Surunga .	Plur
These syntheses use as a starting material , obtained from and concentrated hydrochloric acid and ammonium chloride .	Plur
Recent masterclasses have included ‘ medical treatment for urological cancer ’ and ‘ female and functional urology ’ .	Plur
Other posthumous inductions include Canada 's Sports Hall of Fame in 1971 and the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 1972 .	Plur
There are 42 folios ; the manuscript begins with a short note by its creator , one Vitale ( Vidal ) , pupil of Capirola 's .	Plur
These dresses were available at major chain outlets , including Sears .	Plur
The Endeavor Hydrothermal Vents are a group of hydrothermal vents in the northeastern Pacific Ocean , located southwest of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .	Plur
The surf sardines are a small family , Notocheiridae , of saltwater atheriniform fish found in tropical and temperate seas in the Pacific and Indian Oceans .	Plur
Hauser collected signatures for petitions , represented the public interest at hundreds of commission meetings and other events .	Plur
AFA teaches kindergarten through high-school ( K – 12 ) classes .	Plur
The first inductions to the Hall of Fame were in 2004 .	Plur
As of 2014 , there had been 93 inductions to the Hall of Fame .	Plur
Taxpayers do not provide any funds for C-PACE loans , but the local government facilitates the loans by using property tax assessment to guarantee repayment .	Plur
" When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloom 'd ( Hindemith )	Plur
Duets are not infrequently heard at the onset of breeding .	Plur
These electrolyte imbalances induce nerve and muscle issues .	Plur
" Desperados Under the Eaves " is a song written and performed by Warren Zevon from his eponymous 1976 album .	Plur
In addition , the woodblocks used to print the Illustrated Parental Benevolence Sutra ( Treasure No .	Plur
The Minnesotans gained the time necessary for the Union line to reform , thoroughly demoralising the Confederates .	Plur
Extension cords and power strips are in nearly every modern home .	Plur
Mullens granted those shareholders options allowing them to buy the Vamgas shares , if they wished , for the issue price ( i.e .	Plur
what Mullens had paid ) , any time until 15 May 1969 ( that being a few months after the issue ) .	Plur
Many other marathons adopted that distance , including the important Polytechnic Marathon .	Plur
Cereals and legumes ( mainly barley and rye ) take up 41 % of sown area and another 43 % is under crops used for animal feed .	Plur
Potatoes and vegetables take up 11 % of sown area and industrial crops ( sugarbeets , flax , and some rapeseed ) the remaining 4 % .	Plur
Crispus Attucks had good success in basketball during the 1950s producing two Indiana Mr.Basketballs .	Plur
Attucks began admitting white students in 1967 .	Plur
The social divides are due to a system where the families with most defects are classed as Fifth Tiers .	Plur
There are other striking resemblances that may be seen in Drews .	Plur
In the Gelasian Sacramentary they occur ( " ut " nobis corpus et sanguis fiat dilectissimi filii tui Domini Dei nostri Iesu Christi " " , ed .	Plur
Drews then proposes to divide the " " Hanc igitur " " into two separate parts .	Plur
Drews thinks that we can go farther and ascribe the change to Pope Gelasius I ( 492-96 ) .	Plur
The remainders of SR 35 and SR 43 became parts of SR 22 and SR 18 .	Plur
Further evaluations completed by the Ministry of Social Development and Inland Revenue include :	Plur
The " mutates " ( as the astronauts label them ) are violent , primitive surface dwellers .	Plur
Fleeing the deadly bazooka fire , the mutates take shelter in caves .	Plur
In some higher fungi such as ergot , sclerotia become detached and remain dormant until favorable growth conditions return .	Plur
In favorable conditions , sclerotia germinate to form fruiting bodies ( Basidiomycetes ) or mycelium with conidia ( in imperfect fungi ) .	Plur
The JAMs took their name from a fictional subversive cult from the 1970s conspiratorial novels " The Illuminatus !	Plur
Just as the fictional JAMs made it their remit to propagate chaos and confusion , so too did the real JAMs and the KLF .	Plur
The attractiveness or exciting qualities of a singer or recording are subjective and vary between listeners , cultures , and time periods .	Plur
Animators touched up film frames by hand , creating an effect different from cel-shaded animation .	Plur
Animators also touched up or enhanced by hand , sequences involving the models .	Plur
Animators drew out action scenes based on their feelings , inspirations , and observations .	Plur
War scythes were a popular weapon of choice and opportunity of many peasant uprisings throughout history .	Plur
Adjustments with Lemhi in 1903 and 1911 and the creation of Valley County in 1918 brought the county to its present boundary .	Plur
The weekly Bonners Ferry Herald , owned by Hagadone Publishing is the official paper of record .	Plur
The assailants ' girlfriends testified that neither McKinney nor Henderson was under the influence of alcohol or other drugs at the time of the attack .	Plur
Over the years , Paisley would write numerous books and pamphlets on his religious and political views , including a commentary on the Epistle to the Romans .	Plur
Paisley would later establish two other paramilitary groups : Third Force in 1981 and Ulster Resistance in 1986 .	Plur
On the night of 6 February 1981 , Paisley summoned journalists to a hillside in County Antrim , where he had gathered 500 men .	Plur
Loyalists threw missiles at the police and tried to break through the blockade ; police responded with plastic bullets .	Plur
There are slash roleplaying based on Dungeons and Dragons , Supernatural , Naruto , World of Warcraft and Dragon Age , among others .	Plur
The Burgundians settled in Vienne .	Plur
St Mary 's Almshouses in Chichester , which are linked to the cathedral , are a Christian charity dating from the 13th century .	Plur
Seahorses swim upright , another characteristic not shared by their close pipefish relatives , which swim horizontally .	Plur
Before breeding , seahorses may court for several days .	Plur
During the first bout , following the facing behaviour , the seahorses will rise upward together anywhere from 2 to 13 cm in a water column .	Plur
Like almost all other fish species , seahorses do not nurture their young after birth .	Plur
Male seahorses are more aggressive and sometimes “ fight ” for female attention .	Plur
The daily greetings help to cement the bond between the pair .	Plur
Seahorses use their long snout in order to eat their food with ease .	Plur
Seahorses feed on small crustaceans floating in the water or crawling on the bottom .	Plur
Seahorses have three distinctive feeding phases : preparatory , expansive , and recovery .	Plur
While many aquarium hobbyists keep them as pets , seahorses collected from the wild tend to fare poorly in home aquaria .	Plur
Such seahorses survive better in captivity , and are less likely to carry diseases .	Plur
Seahorses can coexist with many species of shrimp and other bottom-feeding creatures .	Plur
Pills are cheaper and more available than traditional , individually tailored prescriptions of whole seahorses , but the contents are harder to track .	Plur
Seahorses once had to be of a certain size and quality before they were accepted by TCM practitioners and consumers .	Plur
Pygmy seahorses are those members of the genus that are less than tall and wide .	Plur
The Oslo Accords established access to the sea for Gaza within 20 nautical miles from the shore .	Plur
The PCBS estimated that about 564,000 Israeli settlers lived in the West Bank in 2012 .	Plur
The Oslo Accords of the early 1990s between the Palestine Liberation Organization and Israel led to the creation of the Palestinian Authority .	Plur
Orchard laborers found work in the mills .	Plur
Conyers , Rockdale 's only incorporated town and urban center , became the county seat .	Plur
The epiphytes create a significantly cooler and moister environment in the host plant canopy , potentially greatly reducing water loss by the host through transpiration .	Plur
Corticosteroids are a class of steroid hormones that are produced in the adrenal cortex of vertebrates , as well as the synthetic analogues of these hormones .	Plur
The main corticosteroids produced by the adrenal cortex are cortisol and aldosterone .	Plur
Heavy snowstorms engulfed parts of the Ardennes area .	Plur
Following this , 60 grenadiers advanced forward but were stopped by concentrated American defensive fire .	Plur
Semi-rigid airships maintain the envelope shape by internal pressure , but have some form of supporting structure , such as a fixed keel , attached to it .	Plur
Rigid airships are typically unpressurised and can be made to virtually any size .	Plur
Most , but not all , of the German Zeppelin airships have been of this type .	Plur
Most , but not all , of the American Goodyear airships have been blimps .	Plur
Thermal airships use a heated lifting gas , usually air , in a fashion similar to hot air balloons .	Plur
Early gondolas were open structures slung beneath the envelope , while later ones were enclosed and hung directly from the internal framing .	Plur
Rigid airships may have further passenger or cargo space inside the envelope .	Plur
Small airships carry their engine ( s ) in their gondola .	Plur
Large airships typically carried several water tanks fore and aft , allowing them to adjust longitudinal trim as well as height .	Plur
The Zeppelin airships had a framework composed of triangular lattice girders covered with fabric that contained separate gas cells .	Plur
Zeppelins proved to be terrifying but inaccurate weapons .	Plur
When the " Los Angeles " was delivered , the two airships had to share the limited supply of helium , and thus alternated operating and overhauls .	Plur
In the 1930s the German Zeppelins successfully competed with other means of transport .	Plur
Zeppelins were also faster than ocean liners .	Plur
On the other hand , operating airships was quite involved .	Plur
Some Navy blimps saw action in the European war theater .	Plur
Their airships include many innovative features such as water ballast take-off and landing systems , variable geometry envelopes and thrust – vectoring systems .	Plur
Hot-air airships typically cost less to buy and maintain than modern helium-based blimps , and can be quickly deflated after flights .	Plur
In both cases , the airships are heavy haulers .	Plur
Modern airships use dynamic helium volume .	Plur
Bachem stated clearly in the initial proposal that the Natter was not a suicide weapon and much effort went into designing safety features for the pilot .	Plur
Bachem surmised Sieber had involuntarily pulled back on the control column under the effect of the 3 G acceleration .	Plur
Bachem reported further that there were 14 more finished or almost finished aircraft in April 1945 .	Plur
The only sacraments celebrated during this time are Baptism ( for those in danger of death ) , Penance , and Anointing of the Sick .	Plur
The vestments used are red ( more commonly ) or black ( more traditionally ) .	Plur
Before 1970 , vestments were black except for the Communion part of the rite when violet was used .	Plur
The Holy Week commemorations reach their peak on Good Friday as the Roman Catholic Church celebrates the passion of Jesus .	Plur
Processions in Gozo will be in Nadur , Victoria ( St. George and Cathedral ) , Xagħra and Żebbuġ , Gozo .	Plur
Microwave ovens are a common kitchen appliance and are popular for reheating previously cooked foods and cooking a variety of foods .	Plur
However , microwave ovens are gaining popularity .	Plur
As noted microwave ovens can operate at many frequencies .	Plur
Sugars and triglycerides ( fats and oils ) absorb microwaves due to the dipole moments of their hydroxyl groups or ester groups .	Plur
Additionally , microwaves can melt certain types of rocks , producing small quantities of molten rock .	Plur
Convection microwaves are more expensive than conventional microwave ovens .	Plur
There are microwave ovens on the market that allow full-power defrosting .	Plur
Microwave ovens heat food without getting hot themselves .	Plur
Forks are a good example : the tines of the fork respond to the electric field by producing high concentrations of electric charge at the tips .	Plur
Some magnetrons have ceramic insulators with beryllium oxide ( beryllia ) added .	Plur
Microwave ovens , although shielded for safety purposes , still emit low levels of microwave radiation .	Plur
Four cinematographers were involved in the main photography : Charles F. Wheeler , Sinsaku Himeda , Masamichi Satoh , and Osami Furuya .	Plur
Aircraft Specialties of Mesa , Arizona performed maintenance on the aircraft while in Hawaii .	Plur
The stuntmen involved in the scene were actually running for their lives .	Plur
was " one of the deadest , dullest blockbusters ever made " and suffered from not having " some characters to identify with . "	Plur
In addition , CPUs often have write buffers which let CPUs proceed after writes to non-cached regions .	Plur
The Hopi are a Native American tribe , often recognized for populating the North American continent and in particular , Arizona .	Plur
The Hopi observe their traditional ceremonies for the benefit of the entire world .	Plur
The Hopi have always viewed their land as sacred .	Plur
The Hopi are caretakers of the land that they inherited from their ancestors .	Plur
The " hostiles " refused to let their children attend school .	Plur
The conservative hostiles left and formed a new village , known as " Hotevilla " .	Plur
The Hopi tribe earns most of its income from natural resources .	Plur
The Hopi observe their traditional ceremonies for the benefit of the entire world .	Plur
The first one was " The Stuckists " , consisting of 20 points starting with " Stuckism is a quest for authenticity " .	Plur
In " Anti-anti-art " , the Stuckists outlined their opposition to what is known as " anti-art " .	Plur
Stuckists claim that conceptual art is justified by the work of Marcel Duchamp , but that Duchamp 's work is " anti-art by intent and effect " .	Plur
In 2005 the Stuckists offered a donation of 175 paintings from the Walker show to the Tate , but it was rejected by the Tate 's trustees .	Plur
The Stuckists considered legal action , and protested with emails to the gallery .	Plur
US Stuckists include Ron Throop , Jeffrey Scott Holland , Tony Juliano , Frank Kozik and Terry Marks .	Plur
These inferior ovaries characterize the Bromelioideae , a subfamily of the Bromeliaceae .	Plur
Many bromeliads are able to store water in a structure formed by their tightly-overlapping leaf bases .	Plur
Some bromeliads even form homes for other species of bromeliads .	Plur
Many other bromeliads are popular ornamental plants , grown as both garden and houseplants .	Plur
The number of LL ( " k " ) grammars increases with " k " .	Plur
Landings from Alaskan waters represents half the U.S. catch of fish and shellfish .	Plur
His two duchies became the Cispadane Republic which one year later was merged into the Cisalpine Republic and then into the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy .	Plur
The Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period was an era of political upheaval in 10th-century Imperial China .	Plur
In 943 , the Khitans declared war and within three years seized the capital , Kaifeng , marking the end of Later Jin .	Plur
Between 1848 and 1902 , American whaleships hunted whales off Sakhalin .	Plur
Geddes ( 1908 ) is an early example for the description of the morphology of a maritime dialect .	Plur
For example , the Office québécois de la langue française recommends the spelling " tofou " for what is in France " tofu " " tofu " .	Plur
In September 1774 , Pugachev 's own Cossack lieutenants turned him over to the government troops .	Plur
War brides brought from distant lands were also common in Cossack families .	Plur
In the late 1800s to the mid-1900s , pantomime dames became a popular form of female impersonation in Europe .	Plur
The broad comedic stylings of the minstrel shows helped develop the vaudeville shows of the late 1800s to the early 1900s .	Plur
The marchers convened on McCadden Place in Hollywood , marched north and turned east onto Hollywood Boulevard .	Plur
Grupo Reforma 's dailies have an open journalism model that is very different from any newspaper in the world .	Plur
Frontiers is a music album released by the Japanese music group Psycho le Cému by Nippon Crown .	Plur
Biscuits and gravy is a popular breakfast dish in the United States , especially in the South .	Plur
Aerotolerant anaerobes use fermentation to produce ATP .	Plur
And facultative anaerobes can grow without oxygen but use oxygen if it is present .	Plur
Constructors in bold have competed in the 2018 World Championship .	Plur
Stages on Life 's Way ( ; historical orthography : " Stadier paa Livets Vej " ) is a philosophical work by Søren Kierkegaard written in 1845 .	Plur
While " Either / Or " is about the aesthetic and ethical realms , " Stages " continues onward to the consideration of the religious realms .	Plur
There was also a cavalry force of about 600 , about 300 Cretan archers , and at least 400 Marganian , Letrinian and Amphidolian slingers .	Plur
Some archeologists believe that the site was settled by immigrants from Chaco Canyon , or the Chuska Mountains .	Plur
" Note : " Constructors in bold have competed in the 2018 World Championship .	Plur
Mares had been throwing dirty punches the entire fight , however , and continued to do so , being warned 16 more times after the point deduction .	Plur
The BLS noted that almost 100 percent of STEM jobs require postsecondary education , while only 36 percent of other jobs call for that same degree .	Plur
Spanish era periodicals record that as much as one third of the inhabitants of the island of Luzon possess varying degrees of Spanish admixture .	Plur
Unbaptised Austronesians and Aetas who lived in the towns were classified as " salvajes " ( savages ) or " infieles " ( infidels ) .	Plur
The Playwrights ’ Unit is a year-long residency program to nurture promising playwrights .	Plur
On December 2 , 2005 NetJets signed an order for 50 of the new aircraft , the largest single commercial order in the history of Raytheon Aircraft .	Plur
Due to their crystalline structure austenitic steels are not hardenable by heat treatment and are essentially non-magnetic .	Plur
300 series stainless steels are the larger subgroup .	Plur
Other notable austenitic stainless steels are Type 309 and 310 , which are utilized in high temperature applications greater than 800 ° C .	Plur
After " Deathbots " , Odyssey went on to produce " Solitaire " and " Blackjack " , which American Video Entertainment subsequently published .	Plur
The Frontenacs improved to a 27-35-6 record in 2012-13 , earning 60 points , and seventh place in the Eastern Conference .	Plur
On May 5 , 2014 , the Frontenacs announced that Gill would not be returning as head coach as his contract was not extended .	Plur
The tugboats " Sea Wolf " , " Sea Bear " and " Miss Yvette " assisted .	Plur
Various lightships held this station from 1823 until its replacement in 1967 .	Plur
Coast Guard Lighthouse Technicians verified that the light was functioning properly when the tanker hit the tower .	Plur
Several e-books exist of " Being Digital " making the quote rather prophetic .	Plur
Atoms make up physical tangible objects such as CDs , books and letters .	Plur
The templates include a set background , font , color and set up of the slide .	Plur
LeConte 's thrashers are nonmigratory birds that reside in the same territory annually .	Plur
Bundle rafts have bundles of logs that are tightly fastened together and some logs are well below the water line .	Plur
Thus , restite inclusions in S-type granites will be a recrystallised granoblastic textured inclusion of biotite-muscovite-feldspar-quartz .	Plur
Phobos is the ninth studio album released by Canadian thrash metal / progressive metal band Voivod .	Plur
The downloads are untitled , unlike the " Budhill Singles Club " .	Plur
Though Lester has got legal custody of his son , the fosters outnumber him .	Plur
The folksongs appear in ethnographic monographs and the work as a whole is viewed as one of the most important folk song collections ever published .	Plur
Llanelli were the ninth opponents , and the game was played at Stradey Park on 17 October .	Plur
" Smash Bros. " also implements blocking and dodging mechanics .	Plur
Stages are dynamic , ranging from simple moving platforms to dramatic alterations of the entire stage .	Plur
The Apaches retreated to their usual strongholds in northern Mexico .	Plur
Isaacs initially started out playing with drummer Rob Brown , playing their first show on October 31 , 1995 .	Plur
Among the prairie " potholes ' , which hold water most of the year , there will be reptiles and amphibians .	Plur
These savannas can survive through droughts because the oaks and the prairie plants have taproots that reach down to the water table .	Plur
Beyond the oaks is an open ' wet prairie ' which includes a variety species that are more common in wetlands than prairies .	Plur
Tuineau 's strong showings with Southland earned him a contract with the Highlanders for the 2010 Super 14 season .	Plur
The Los Dos Bros are an American rock band from San Diego , California and Big Sur , California .	Plur
Other involvements included the Delhi Development Authority and the Siri Fort Sports Complex in New Delhi .	Plur
" Twisted Scriptures " has an intended audience of people stuck in manipulative religious organizations .	Plur
The Carpenters joined the new federation as well .	Plur
The Italian legionaries played a small but important role during parts of Siberian Intervention , fighting alongside the Czechoslovak Legion .	Plur
Dyess outlived all of his siblings .	Plur
The Paks batted for only 43.2 overs .	Plur
The Apaches withdrew out of close range but continued to lay siege by stopping the ability of the militia to escape .	Plur
The dozen Confederate cavalrymen had attempted to rout the Union army with the cover of nightfall but failed due to the lack of firepower .	Plur
The old hens also have little commercial value .	Plur
Eight Charts ( Chinese : 八阵图 ) is a Chinese television series .	Plur
Wickens , however , said he " expected more " from Rossi , and proceeded to call his move " desperate . "	Plur
There are several Jewish and Hebrew greetings , farewells , and phrases that are used in Judaism , and in Jewish and Hebrew-speaking communities around the world .	Plur
For the Sabbath , there are several greetings that Jews use to greet one another .	Plur
There are several greetings and good-byes used in Hebrew to say hello and farewell to someone .	Plur
Zoroastrians from Pakistan consisting of both Parsis and Iranis use both terms .	Plur
The latter considers such a thing to be a service to demons ( the " daeva " s ) .	Plur
Dean Timmins ( born 11 August 1986 in Wolverhampton , England ) is an English-Australian former figure skater .	Plur
Using only metal punches , wedges and hammers to split the rock into workable blocks , the quarrymen mined the stone horizontally out of the cliff face .	Plur
The quarrymen were also skilled stonemasons .	Plur
His great-grandsons , John S. McCain IV and James McCain , currently serve in the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps , respectively .	Plur
Two cosmonauts , commander Sergei Zalyotin and Alexander Kalery traveled to the dormant space station Mir , opened it up and returned the station to normal life .	Plur
As designs have become more sophisticated , the virtues and weaknesses of the buttress type dams have become apparent .	Plur
In its time , the Oklahoma City stockyards and its related suppliers became one of the largest industries in the city .	Plur
In 1958 , the Steelworkers hired him to be director of the USW Sub-District based in Granite City , Illinois .	Plur
During his presidency , the Steelworkers lost nearly half its 1.4 million members due to offshoring and plant closings .	Plur
Lignite coals are more active than bituminous coals , which are more active than anthracite coals .	Plur
Realized Fantasies is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian hard rock band TNT .	Plur
Two alternate ( higher and lower ) PRF are available to deal with the extended mission orbit range .	Plur
The FirstVoices Language Tutor delivers graduated language exercises in vocabulary development , reading comprehension , listening and speaking .	Plur
Key argued to continue the protest , because the LCC and government had failed to fund promised schemes in the borough .	Plur
On the outbreak of war in 1939 , Key left teaching to become a civil defence worker in London and deputy controller of civil defence in Poplar .	Plur
Key had announced his retirement in December 1961 .	Plur
These antigens persist in the circulating blood after the parasitaemia has cleared or has been greatly reduced .	Plur
" Research Fellowships will begin pending completion of GHS Research Center renovations .	Plur
Research Fellowships will support scholars from outside the Savannah area engaged in graduate-level , post-doctoral , and independent research .	Plur
Headlines is the biweekly newsletter of the Georgia Historical Society and can be subscribed to through the website at www.georgiahistory.com	Plur
Near 1204 Constantinople began to decline in power .	Plur
Many Frenchmen died trying to swim across to Oslon and the free zone .	Plur
Nerve impulses increase the synthesis of PNMT mRNA by affecting certain promoter sequences .	Plur
There are several Spalding lineage mottos and arms ; however , the principal branch were the Spaldings of Ashintully .	Plur
On the left are " three archangels " by Clerici ; on the cupola are frescoes by G.B .	Plur
The high viscosities allow the polymeric liquid crystals to be used in complex structures , but they are harder to align , limiting their usefulness .	Plur
The reredos designed and by Harold Rathbone at his Della Robbia Pottery , in Birkenhead .	Plur
The Burghers lost the game 16-4 .	Plur
Lactarius pubescens , commonly known as the downy milk cap , is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family .	Plur
There are several tiers of lamellulae ( short gills that do not reach the stem ) interspersed among the full-length gills .	Plur
The mushroom " bleeds " a milky white acrid latex when it is cut or injured .	Plur
The prominences are up to 1.5 µm high , and amyloid , meaning they absorb iodine when stained with Melzer 's reagent .	Plur
That is the mistake realists make .	Plur
Additionally , Semechkin shuts off the water supply as the crew approaches the record again citing the need to “ maintain cost accounting ” with a meter .	Plur
Other cryptocurrencies also have similar features .	Plur
Felipe professes his love for Jill , and the two begin a relationship .	Plur
Sweets , ice cream , and breakfast food makers often aim their promotion at children and adolescents .	Plur
The short tragus ( a projection in the outer ear ) is an important distinguishing feature .	Plur
The short tragus easily distinguishes " M. brachytragos " from other Malagasy " Miniopterus " .	Plur
The tragus ( a projection inside the ear ) is narrow and ends in a rounded tip .	Plur
The tragus ( a projection on the inner side of the outer ear ) is straight and narrow and ends in a rounded tip .	Plur
Tapestries at Stirling included four pieces of the " Hunts of the Unicorn " .	Plur
However , there are other tapestries with the subject " Siege of a Town " in late medieval style which answer the description .	Plur
James V 's other named tapestries included the six Great and eight Little " Unicorn " pieces .	Plur
" Satin Sheets " contained ten tracks of newly recorded material .	Plur
Sediments brought from Magdalena River by the channel is having a negative effect of the park , as it deteriorates the reef .	Plur
Amphibians are significantly diverse due to the variety of ecosystems in the area .	Plur
Peccaries , pumas , jaguars inhabit the woodlands .	Plur
The tragus ( a projection in the outer ear ) is thick and blunt-tipped .	Plur
A stochastic neural network introduces random variations into the network .	Plur
The pass completions , passing yards and touchdowns were all Clemson freshman records .	Plur
These SNPs appear to be " parallel " to M346 .	Plur
On April 16 , 2012 , the Raptors announced they had signed Ben Uzoh for the remainder of the 2011-2012 season .	Plur
Descendents of former residents often come to their houses in the summer by boat .	Plur
The Serbians were to deliver the main attack in the direction of Malka Nidzhe and Gornichevo .	Plur
Lindemans ' early denunciations created a Domino effect resulting in the arrest of 267 Dutch and Belgians resistance fighters .	Plur
The girders span the Up and Down lines supported on concrete and brick abutment walls .	Plur
Therefore , the Javanese considered the " Mahabharata " epic happened in Java .	Plur
The second and third riddles reinforce the expectation for this logically absurd structure .	Plur
Astyages succeeded his father in 585 BCE , following the Battle of Halys , which ended a five-year war between the Lydians and the Medes .	Plur
When a second dream warned Astyages of the dangers of Mandane 's offspring , Astyages sent his general Harpagus to kill the child Cyrus .	Plur
When Cyrus was found alive at age ten , Astyages spared the boy on the advice of his Magi , returning him to his parents in Anshan .	Plur
Gorillas and chimpanzees use this style of locomotion as do anteaters and platypuses .	Plur
Chimpanzees and gorillas engage in knuckle-walking .	Plur
Gorillas use a form of knuckle-walking which is " columnar " .	Plur
Giant anteaters and platypuses are also knuckle-walkers .	Plur
The ground sloths may have also walked on their knuckles .	Plur
Adjustments made for terrestrial locomotion early on may have involved fist-walking , later evolving into knuckle-walking .	Plur
Arguments for the independent evolution of knuckle-walking have not gone without criticism , however .	Plur
Then the resulting high energy protons can capture electrons from electron emitter electrodes , and be thus electrically neutralized .	Plur
These flies are ferocious biters with a seemingly insatiable thirst for blood .	Plur
Standard mosquito repellents do not appear to be particularly effective on them .	Plur
His 18 WSOP cashes account for $ 707,537 of his live tournament winnings .	Plur
In addition , the IUCN Redlist predicts increased population reduction , in the immediate future .	Plur
The sweetness of Manischewitz wine and other kosher wines is often the fodder of jokes .	Plur
The Nerys lived in Europe from 1927 to 1929 , where they met the artist Marc Chagall and the Brazilian composer Heitor Villa-Lobos .	Plur
As of August 2014 , his 55 cashes including his five bracelets have netted him $ 7,097,407 in WSOP earnings .	Plur
There are many sub-dialects of Guyanese Creole based on geographical location , urban - rural location , and race of the speakers .	Plur
The first single extracted from the album was " J 'en ai marre !	Plur
Stacks are significantly more expensive than other four-way interchanges , due to the design of the four levels .	Plur
Freeways in the Phoenix , Arizona metropolitan area are great examples of the utilization of SPUI interchanges .	Plur
There are two major recensions for the text - the Madhyandina and the Kanva recensions .	Plur
Wishing for that world , mendicants leave their homes . "	Plur
The metaphysics of " Brihadaranyaka Upanishad " is non-dualism ( Advaita ) .	Plur
By that time Cortés had a nephew , Paquito Cordero , who would become a famed actor and producer in Puerto Rico .	Plur
What film qualifies as the first true midnight movie in the sense of the term that emerged in the 1970s remains an open question .	Plur
Its subsystems support the payload and helps in pointing the payload correctly .	Plur
The De Morgans were involved in the social issues of the day such as women 's suffrage , and this engagement was covered by the museum .	Plur
After an exhaustive review of files , the study recommended that ten black Distinguished Service Cross recipients have their military awards upgraded to the Medal of Honor .	Plur
Higgs returned to live in London aged 16 , in 1977 .	Plur
On 15 July 2000 , Higgs joined The Freedom To Be Yourself in a Naked Protest outside New Scotland Yard .	Plur
The Pascua Yaquis have a status similar to other Native American tribes of the United States .	Plur
The French-Canadians were hostile to the British expansion , and by 1915 , were largely refusing to volunteer for military service and the First World War .	Plur
Venables would however eventually win the trophy himself with Tottenham in 1991 .	Plur
Forks shows children what he does in the car scrap yard .	Plur
In the late 1990s , the expellees erected a memorial in the ruins of the church .	Plur
Mayor Hynes and the BHA stated that the project would be beneficial to the neighborhood .	Plur
Transcendent truths are those unaffected by time or space .	Plur
Both the hashes produce 16-byte quantities .	Plur
Other electives include Outdoor Education , Foods , Textiles , Drama , English Literature , Dynamics , Psychology , Law , History , and First Nations studies .	Plur
FES is the oldest variant of Guinness that is still available , although its ingredients and production methods have varied over time .	Plur
In the same article Lummis attributed the plan of the Bradbury building to Hunt .	Plur
In some cases these vanes can have variable length and / or be tensioned to maintain contact with the walls as the pump rotates .	Plur
Pumps for mid-range pressures include applications such as carbonators for fountain soft-drink dispensers and espresso coffee machines .	Plur
Gases will now either condense or be adsorbed by the large surface of the molecular sieve .	Plur
Genetic relatedness may be an important moderator of conflict and homicide among family members , including siblings .	Plur
Standard tunings in plucked string instruments cover many different instruments which are plucked either by the fingers or with a plectrum .	Plur
Indeed , the integers are the substructure of the real numbers generated by the empty set , using this signature .	Plur
The strong homomorphisms give rise to a subcategory of σ-Hom .	Plur
Many-sorted signatures also prescribe on which sorts the functions and relations of a many-sorted structure are defined .	Plur
From that point forward , The Cathedrals would balance their albums with a combination of different styles that gave them popularity they enjoyed until the group retired .	Plur
The Cathedrals hired tenor Kurt Young to fill Funderburk 's place , but left the quartet after only two months with the group .	Plur
The Cathedrals soon became one of the most popular groups to be featured on the Homecoming videos .	Plur
The Cathedrals are still seen on reruns of old Homecoming videos , and their albums are still selling and are popular recordings , especially on vinyl .	Plur
Chefs that stay longer than the initial 2.5 years of training then go on to learn the management side of the business .	Plur
In cooler regions the larva overwinters and the adults emerge the following summer .	Plur
The privileged octaves were of three " ranks " .	Plur
Three main collectibles were available in the Cartoon Orbit game : cToons , cRings , and gToons .	Plur
Radical abolitionists led by Garrison refused to serve on juries , join the military , or vote .	Plur
Holley aspired to become a minister and prepared by completing his education at Pennsylvania 's Lincoln University .	Plur
Fall 2013 enrollments were 6,195 for Darton State College and 4,260 for Albany State University .	Plur
Whereas Fall 2017 enrollments for the new combined Albany State University is 6,615 .	Plur
The reshoots included all of the new scenes , with screenwriter Buck Henry joining the cast as a divorce mediator .	Plur
Whales such as Bowhead and Gray may appear close to shores .	Plur
The Anglo-Americans called it " The Devil 's Hole Massacre " .	Plur
Raids against American settlers in Illinois increased after the Shawnee brothers ' loss at the Battle of Tippecanoe in the Indiana Territory in 1811 .	Plur
The Bretons ( , ) are a Celtic ethnic group located in the region of Brittany in France .	Plur
Ethnically , along with the Cornish and Welsh , the Bretons are Celtic Britons .	Plur
Bretons were the most prominent of the non-Norman forces in the Norman conquest of England .	Plur
The three most famous " pardons " are :	Plur
PricewaterhouseCoopers settled with the SEC and agreed to pay a $ 2.4 million penalty .	Plur
In the 2009-2010 season the Cowgirls went to a 20-6 final record winning the Piedmont Triad 4-A Conference Championship as well as the Conference Tournament Title .	Plur
Substances that are ionic or polar are more soluble in water than in non-polar organic solvents and vice versa .	Plur
The 2d Bomb Wing KC-135s and KC-10s provided more than 1,000 of the 13,700 coalition refueling missions .	Plur
Some workarounds include using little-finger-shift and ring-finger-control or thumb-control presses .	Plur
Meneses started XEJ-TV in 1951 .	Plur
Yockey began her television weather forecasting career before stations required a formal meteorology degree .	Plur
Des hommes de tout temps fut le grand magister ,	Plur
De nous tant agiter pour nos seuls intestins !	Plur
When Christafalos emerged from the club and got in his car , the two masked hitmen went over to him carrying shotguns .	Plur
Scarpelli and others buried a still masked Oliver in an area from which law enforcement were later to recover five bodies .	Plur
Parcels with no building improvements would pay a minimum $ 299 / year .	Plur
The moderates eventually won and this prevented post-revolutionary Portugal from becoming a communist or right wing-ruled regime .	Plur
The Pinkerton Thugs are a punk band from Kennebunk , Maine .	Plur
Monoicous bryophytes can easily reproduce sexually , since both sexes can be found on the same organism .	Plur
Worshippers include barbarians , fighters , druids , and half-orcs .	Plur
Clerics of Talos celebrate Talassan festivals with ceremonies that summon lightning and storms .	Plur
These crayons remained steady until 1990 , when all eight were renamed , and eight more were added , for a total of sixteen fluorescent crayons .	Plur
The hex triplets below are representative of the colors produced by the named crayons .	Plur
The hex triplets below are representative of the colors produced by the named crayons .	Plur
The hex triplets below are representative of the colors produced by the named crayons .	Plur
The hex triplets below are representative of the colors produced by the named crayons .	Plur
Yee 's elder half-brothers Paul Chun and David Chiang , and elder half-sister Yim Wai were also actors .	Plur
Therefore , Einer 's favours for development of Estonian language and grammar are remarkable .	Plur
Guy Elmes ( 22 July , 1920- December 1998 ) was a British screenwriter .	Plur
In 1860 the Chandlers returned to Hubbardston , where they spent the rest of their lives .	Plur
In the mid-1960s , nightclubs and discothèques continued to grow in Europe and the United States .	Plur
During the mid-1970s , Hip-hop music and culture began to emerge , originating among urban African Americans and Latinos in New York City .	Plur
Unlike many late-1960s clubs , which featured live bands , discothèques used the DJ 's selection and mixing of records as the entertainment .	Plur
There were so many repetitions of the egg in later works by Sooster that his grave has a stone egg on it .	Plur
Townley may also refer to :	Plur
Hargreaves had previously been a councilor on the Shire of Cook and was its Mayor from 1901 until 1904 .	Plur
The collagen fibre bundles in cattle hide are arranged in a complex weaving pattern .	Plur
Some vaccinations may also decrease the risk of certain infections including hepatitis B and some types of HPV .	Plur
Vaccines are available that protect against some viral STIs , such as Hepatitis A , Hepatitis B , and some types of HPV .	Plur
Condoms and female condoms only provide protection when used properly as a barrier , and only to and from the area that they cover .	Plur
Beechey held the lead under increasing pressure from Geoghegan , who was able to take the lead on lap 43 .	Plur
Aerts eschewed a match-up with Bonjasky , instead of still-empty first bout .	Plur
Cisneros had been universally respected , and William was an unknown foreign boy .	Plur
After it had burned , the castellans moved their residence to the Zamczysko gord , which also burned after some time .	Plur
Philatelists have so far not recorded any genuinely used postmarks or other postal material for these postal facilities :	Plur
Tim Smits ( born 11 April 1986 in Brisbane , Australia ) is an Australian footballer who plays for Grange Thistle .	Plur
Smits began his career with North Pine SC , he then moved to Albany Creek and then to the QAS .	Plur
Regal Cinemas across the street opened November 20 , 1998 as City Park 20 by Regal Entertainment .	Plur
Wiles spent almost a year trying to repair his proof , initially by himself and then in collaboration with his former student Richard Taylor , without success .	Plur
Wiles collected the Wolfskehl prize money , then worth $ 50,000 , on 27 June 1997 .	Plur
" Scrambled Squares " began on November 5 , 1999 as a brief series airing in the Greensboro market .	Plur
Firearms are much more strictly controlled in Canada than in the U.S .	Plur
Smugglers risk substantial fines , a permanent bar from Canada , and imprisonment .	Plur
Suspicious looking or unidentifiable pills found during a search can be tested for narcotics .	Plur
Emir played for OK Zenica in Division 2 1994 – 1998 before moving to OK Kakanj .	Plur
The LCMs beached shortly before 08 : 30 and the LSTs soon after .	Plur
MacArthur announced the landing in his communiqué the next day :	Plur
Lyles went on to win the general election against Republican Kenny Smith .	Plur
Greitens discusses how his friend 's story is unique , but that many people deal with loss , fear , and a loss of purpose .	Plur
These diverse mammal faunas offer a transition from dominant taxa in the Early Cretaceous and the multituberculate and therian dominated laurasian mammalian faunas of the Late Cretaceous .	Plur
Christopher Bevans ( born 22 December 1972 ) is an American fashion designer and creative director .	Plur
Additionally , Bevans created his own line of custom menswear for celebrities , including Prince , Jay Z , John Legend and LeBron James .	Plur
In 2012 , Bevans became creative director of Billionaire Boys Club , the clothing line established by Pharrell Williams and Nigo .	Plur
In 2017 , Bevans won International Woolmark Prize regional final .	Plur
Some introverts are less sensitive than others and feel more comfortable in social situations and vice versa .	Plur
Personality bias has also reinvigorated the study of personality and temperament by psychologists .	Plur
Arguments based upon suggestions of public policy not recognized in the patent laws are not relevant .	Plur
The Mycenaeans invested in the development of military infrastructure with military production and logistics being supervised directly from the palatial centres .	Plur
This militaristic ethos inspired later Ancient Greek tradition , and especially Homer 's epics , which are focused on the heroic nature of the Mycenaean-era warrior élite .	Plur
Thus , the Mycenaeans began to build up their maritime power in the Aegean Sea , expanding towards the Aegean Islands and Anatolian coast .	Plur
Smashing Anthems is the eleventh studio album released by Japanese voice actress and pop singer Nana Mizuki on November 11 , 2015 .	Plur
Aseem entered the Bollywood arena as a model .	Plur
In 1920 , Kurt Schwitters created a Merz Picture collage based on him .	Plur
Henry Bull Strangways ( 1779 – 1829 ) married Elisheba Bewes ( c . 1782 – 29 October 1858 ) in 1807 .	Plur
Making the event a fun one , Auctions would provide a break to the participants as they would be participating in mock bidding of the players .	Plur
The Terriers finished their season at 15 – 12 overall and 10 – 6 in conference play .	Plur
Within 24 hours , Venetian Snares had every top-selling album on Bandcamp .	Plur
The Catamounts , led by 11th year head coach Larry Hunter , played their home games at the Ramsey Center and were members of the Southern Conference .	Plur
There are also several Queen Anne Victorians in the area , the most notable of which stands at 524 Whittington .	Plur
Carothers thought the young gelding had potential , bought him for $ 350 and took him into training .	Plur
Hobbs responded to the hype around Tennessee as being " outside .	Plur
The toughness that 's involved day-to-day , week-to-week — the grind — and we have to get better in a hurry because we 've got the No .	Plur
Etymologically , the cognates of " Devi " are Latin " dea " and Greek " thea " .	Plur
Two odes use " xiao " 嘯 along with " gē " 歌 " sing ; song " .	Plur
Mumps were a popular band at clubs such as Max 's Kansas City and CBGB .	Plur
The crust-like fruitbodies are yellow with a chrome yellow pore surface .	Plur
Adampur is a city and municipal council in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab .	Plur
Adampur may also refer to :	Plur
These Registers indicate that Paul was the sole proprietor of Windera and Clement the sole proprietor of Booubyjan run and both brothers oversaw the Boonimba run .	Plur
The various accretions , dating from the 1860s , demonstrate the growth of the Lawless family .	Plur
The remixers were Tom Swoon , Low Steppa and Transcode .	Plur
Adampur is a village in Varanasi tehsil of Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .	Plur
The MS & E department moved to downtown Portland and became part of PSU 's mechanical engineering department in 2001 .	Plur
The Colonials were members of the Atlantic 10 Conference and play their home games at the Charles E. Smith Center .	Plur
Breese began training MMA at the age of 16 and skipped college to train full-time .	Plur
Breese successfully made his professional debut for the promotion BAMMA in 2010 .	Plur
Breese made his promotional debut against Luiz Dutra Jr. on 30 May 2015 at UFC Fight Night 67 .	Plur
Breese won the fight via TKO in the first round after dropping his opponent with a straight left and following up with ground and pound .	Plur
Breese faced Cathal Pendred on 24 October 2015 at UFC Fight Night 76 .	Plur
Breese dominated the fight with striking exchanges en route to another TKO victory in the first round .	Plur
Breese faced Dan Kelly on 27 May 2018 at UFC Fight Night 130 .	Plur
Streptomyces ambofaciens is a bacterium species from the genus of " Streptomyces " which has been isolated from soil from France .	Plur
The Fosters were socially eminent public figures and entertained on a large scale .	Plur
The AIS ( Automatic Identification System ) is an automated tracking system which is extensively used in the maritime world .	Plur
Mobile Apps consists of two distinct mobile offerings , MarineTraffic and OnCourse .	Plur
The tibiae have long spines .	Plur
Eppley berthed her at Newport , and sold her in 1928 to Robert Benedict .	Plur
There are deliberate dissonances and harmonic ambiguities that Pinkas describes as " taking tonality to its limit while still maintaining a single key . "	Plur
The building program envisions a class size of over thirty ships .	Plur
In 1847 , monies apportioned to operate the school in the district totaled $ 221 .	Plur
Gary Sheets to Eglin for the 4410th Combat Crew Training Squadron , 4410th Combat Crew Training Wing , designated as the first Air Force OV-10A unit .	Plur
Recent lecturers have included Tracy K. Smith , Terrance Hayes , Richard Wilbur , Paul Muldoon , Stanley Plumly , Edward Mendelson , and Edna Longley .	Plur
With all this allegations and conviction , the supports of Dr P Mohamed Ali have recently created a website in his support .	Plur
There was an inferred 370,000 tonnes of ore at 1.0 % copper and 0.5 % cobalt .	Plur
There was an inferred 14.7 million tonnes of ore at 1.1 % copper and 0.3 % cobalt , giving 161,700 tonnes of contained copper metal and	Plur
His father Demosthenes set up a company importing dried fruit .	Plur
The “ Ruth Quinn Marionettes ” performed variety acts and she and also created marionettes for other puppeteers across the country .	Plur
Arm miseries curtailed his career , however , and he retired after the 1973 minor league season .	Plur
The Roosters finished the regular season 13th ( out of 16 ) , failing to reach the finals for the second consecutive year .	Plur
Both Pavilions and the Auditorium will connect through covered archways on the first floor and enclosed walkways on the second floor .	Plur
The deadlines are that each periodic process must complete within its period .	Plur
The Parliamentarians also took the small fort to the north of the bridge .	Plur
By comparison , the Parliamentarian besiegers numbered some 740 men in total .	Plur
The Parliamentarians opened fire on the city with two cannons from the works on 20 August ; counter-battery fire from Portsmouth 's guns again had little effect .	Plur
Contacts with Europeans may have brought new world infections such as venereal disease and influenza causing high mortality .	Plur
Goats , fish and , more rarely , pigs , are the main sources of meat but there is a growing amount of local beef available .	Plur
Two local bakeries produce baguettes , another cheap staple .	Plur
After a little while of waiting , the hostiles seemed to ignore the demands so the expedition advanced .	Plur
There are other top-level namespaces as well , such as Accessibility and Windows .	Plur
The runtime compiles and executes .NET applications .	Plur
Nathan Chivers ( born 18 July 1976 ) is an Australian guide skier and skis with Bart Bunting , whom he met in high school .	Plur
There were rockfalls at Bratton Valley , Tierra Blanca Canyon , Storm Canyon and Whale Peak and landslides at Dulzura Canyon and Devil 's Canyon .	Plur
Among the curios of anomalous gifts was St Tyriocs chapelry in another diocese on Beachley Point .	Plur
Both clades crossed the Jurassic-Cretaceous boundary and lasted at least until the Albian of the early Cretaceous .	Plur
There were some outside hires to fill positions on the staff as well .	Plur
Demonstrators showed up to its meetings and fighting was common .	Plur
Royalties from sales of the CD go to the Gyuto Tantric University in India .	Plur
In 1898 , at the age of seventeen , Barns went to Africa as an assistant manager to the Nyasaland Coffee Company .	Plur
Early newspaper clippings suggest Frank Blattner was " full-blooded Indian , " however , more research will need to be done to discover his true heritage .	Plur
The Tibetans demanded the extradition of Rapga to Tibet .	Plur
The Tibetans demanded that he be extradited to Tibet , however , it was not possible , due to Rapga possessing a Chinese passport .	Plur
The SDS used the names of 80 dead children to create false identities for its operatives .	Plur
Deserts include flan , tres leches cake , fruit sherbets , and pralines .	Plur
After collapse of the Communist system , Katowice Steelworks lost its Eastern markets and the plant had financial problems .	Plur
Large flakes , picks , large scrapers and choppers made on discoid cores were found , most frequently in chert-like flint or silicious grey limestone .	Plur
Most industrial couplings use what is called a single flux , two pole design ( A-2 ) .	Plur
EM couplings are similar ; they use a copper wire coil ( sometimes aluminum ) to create a magnetic field .	Plur
Zero gap or auto wear armatures can wear to the point of less than one half of its original thickness , which will eventually cause missed engagements .	Plur
Gino replies determined that he wouldn 't stop till he succeeds in his mission .	Plur
Voltigeur was never as good again , winning once from his remaining five races , but went on to have a successful stud career .	Plur
Voltigeur ran once as a two-year-old , appearing in the Wright Stakes at Richmond , North Yorkshire on 31 October 1849 .	Plur
Rage City Rollergirls ( RCR ) is a women 's flat track roller derby league based in Anchorage , Alaska .	Plur
Subsidiaries include Ignite , AlwaysOn , VAST and MWEB .	Plur
His choreographies were at the city of his directorship .	Plur
Navicular bursitis ( inflammation of the navicular bursa ) may occur , even if cartilage damage is not severe .	Plur
The lameness may switch from one leg to another , and may not be consistent .	Plur
Oral glycosaminoglycans may have a similar effect .	Plur
• Therese ( Tay ) Hohoff , American Literary Editor , edited To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee	Plur
Today , there are seven large beer tents on the Cannstatter Wasen for people to celebrate in .	Plur
Hervey intimated to the Minneapolis-Minnesota Trustees that he could ensure ABA approval so long as the school agreed to merge with the St. Paul College of Law .	Plur
Conversely , Hervey hinted to the St. Paul Trustees that their school could lose ABA approval if they didn 't agree to move forward with the merger .	Plur
Rusyns in Pannonia mostly live in the autonomous province of Vojvodina in Serbia .	Plur
Later , Rusyns settled in Šid and Vajska , and in the early 19th century in Vukovar and Ilok , now in modern-day Croatia .	Plur
Pannonian Rusyns consider their Rusyn variety to be a distinct language .	Plur
The distinctive yellow cabs became popular in his home city and were quickly franchised throughout the United States .	Plur
Some optometrists take a slightly different view .	Plur
Labels for specific associated issues include visual-spatial deficit , dyscalculia , dysgraphia , as well as dyspraxia .	Plur
Realms of Despair ( RoD ) is a MUD hosted in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada using the SMAUG MUD codebase .	Plur
" Realms of Despair " has several in-game organizations that players may join .	Plur
Its main avenues – La Marina , Universitaria and Elmer Faucett – are important economic centres .	Plur
Many large foundries and glassworks attracted workers from all areas of Britain .	Plur
According to the Birmingham Directory of 1780 , there were 26 jewellers at the time .	Plur
Most jewellers still worked in small workshops that would employ between five and fifty people .	Plur
In 1943 , the Birmingham Jewellers ' and Silversmiths ' Association created a committee to discuss the regeneration of the industry in the Quarter .	Plur
Holidays in the Danger Zone is a series of documentaries , produced by the BBC This World and originally broadcast on BBC Four in the UK .	Plur
Swift 's first international call-ups came in the Second World War ; he made 14 wartime appearances for England .	Plur
Hues reflected the merger , as Sports-Gymnastics Club players wore red – blue jerseys , and Lechita 's footballers white – red .	Plur
South African Second World War ex-servicemen referred to the ribbon of this medal as " Ouma 's Garter " .	Plur
Cereals , dates , and esparto grass ( used to make cordage , shoes , and paper ) are local products .	Plur
West of the center of town , NH 119 veers east away from the Connecticut River and becomes the town 's Main Street .	Plur
Coachbuilders for these chassis included Plaxton and a number of smaller concerns , Seddon also built their own coachwork for these models , mainly for export .	Plur
The Cummins was not originally available .	Plur
The avocets have long legs and long up-curved bills .	Plur
The stilts have extremely long legs and long , thin , straight bills .	Plur
Loons are aquatic birds the size of a large duck , to which they are unrelated .	Plur
Loons swim well and fly adequately , but are almost hopeless on land , because their legs are placed towards the rear of the body .	Plur
Barn-owls are medium to large owls with large heads and characteristic heart-shaped faces .	Plur
The vireos are a group of small to medium-sized passerine birds restricted to the New World .	Plur
The kinglets are a small family of birds which resemble the titmice .	Plur
The mimids are a family of passerine birds that includes thrashers , mockingbirds , tremblers , and the New World catbirds .	Plur
The waxwings are a group of birds with soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers .	Plur
The wood-warblers are a group of small , often colorful , passerine birds restricted to the New World .	Plur
The most abundant pinnipeds in the Southern California Bight are the California sea lions .	Plur
Charaxes despises his progeny , but is unable to destroy them .	Plur
Charaxes secretes a sticky acidic substance that can trap the strongest of men and dissolve their bodies .	Plur
The assailant slaps and hits her repeatedly , and she explains that she no longer has the diary and had in fact burned it in the fireplace .	Plur
Galactic Civilizations II : Dread Lords is a 4X turn-based strategy by Stardock for Microsoft Windows .	Plur
" Galactic Civilizations II " includes a highly configurable 3D ship design editor .	Plur
Defenses work best against the offensive weapon with which they are matched .	Plur
" Galactic Civilizations II " adds another layer of complexity by requiring that the income of an empire is used to pay for all forms of production .	Plur
Upon release , " Galactic Civilizations II " received positive reviews from GameSpot , GameSpy , and IGN .	Plur
Ten days after its launch , " Galactic Civilizations II " had matched the lifetime sales of its predecessor , with 75,000 copies sold .	Plur
Some guesses have included locations in France , England , Switzerland , the North Otago region of New Zealand , and southeastern Washington .	Plur
In the following years , looters and vandals damaged the other parts of the Monastery .	Plur
Mentions of demons and angels , also derived from extra-biblical sources , were discarded .	Plur
In 2008 , New Directions , New York , published Firefly under the Tongue translated by poet Forrest Gander .	Plur
The two British sloops left all 15 merchantmen in flames .	Plur
In 2008 , New Directions published a Special 50th Anniversary Edition with a CD of the author reading his work .	Plur
As soon as Betty is out the door , the kittens begin to make mischief , turning the house into shambles .	Plur
The guilty kittens emerge from hiding and confess by singing the title song .	Plur
Most thistles produce a large quantity of nectar and pollen .	Plur
In pathology , trained pathologists look at tissue slides under a microscope .	Plur
Native caciques ( leaders ) , such as Guaicaipuro and Tamanaco , attempted to resist Spanish incursions , but the newcomers ultimately subdued them .	Plur
In the east , the royalists started recovering territory .	Plur
Remedies announced by the government never included a believable basis for monetary stability .	Plur
There are also two large impoundments on Dell Creek .	Plur
Armas may also refer to :	Plur
On 1 May 2012 , Mészáros won the Hungarian Cup with Debrecen by beating MTK Budapest on a penalty shoot-out in the 2011 – 12 season .	Plur
On 12 May 2012 , Mészáros won another Hungarian League title with Debrecen after beating Pécsi MFC 4-0 at the Stadion Oláh Gábor Út .	Plur
Student lounges are rooms located within thousands of schools , colleges and universities , designed to give students a space for relaxation and study .	Plur
The local Dames had been administering the site since 1917 .	Plur
Three-in-a-row hopefuls Galway provided the opposition , however , Tipp powered to 2 – 18 to 2 – 7 victory .	Plur
Dickins grew up in East Ham and in the surrounding suburbs .	Plur
In 1983 , Dickins became the Chairman of Warner Music UK ( a division of Warner Music Group ) , remained in that role until December 1998 .	Plur
Dickins worked closely with Enya , and was involved in the studio during the recording process .	Plur
Dickins served on the BPI Council from 1983 to 2002 , their longest-serving member .	Plur
Dickins accompanied the then Secretary of State for DCMS , Chris Smith , on his 1999 fact-finding mission to China .	Plur
Other lineups for this band included Tony Petri from Twisted Sister and Albert Bouchard of Blue Öyster Cult .	Plur
Protagoras may also refer to :	Plur
Parmenides may also refer to :	Plur
Empedocles may also refer to :	Plur
" Husbands and Wives " is a single written and recorded by American country music singer Roger Miller .	Plur
" Husbands and Wives " is a mid-tempo waltz in the key of F major .	Plur
To maximize the output from their holdings , the Bradleys lease their lands during hunting season .	Plur
" Rifts " is not related to the " Rift " MMORPG from Trion Worlds , though both games share similar many elements .	Plur
Dams , weirs and other instream barriers block the migration of adult and juvenile Murray cod and prevent recolonisation of habitats and maintenance of isolated populations .	Plur
Early models in " Feminine Intuition " were " female caricatures " , used to highlight their human creators ' reactions to the idea of female robots .	Plur
Smith 's metallurgists found ways of fabricating boron , producing beryllium bricks , and heat-treating steel .	Plur
The metallurgists found that at around 125 ° C , plutonium expanded in volume by 20 percent , which is unusual .	Plur
In a race against the clock , the metallurgists produced plutonium spheres for the Trinity nuclear test by 23 July 1945 .	Plur
for post-nominals ) is a public research university in Dundee , Scotland .	Plur
For example , mathematicians enjoy simple proofs with a short description in their formal language ( sometimes called mathematical beauty ) .	Plur
These O-rings provided the gas-tight seal needed between the vertically stacked cylindrical sections that made up the solid fuel booster .	Plur
Attenborough ’ s opening statement alludes to the annual spawning of the Christmas Island red crab , of which there are estimated to be some 120 million .	Plur
Meanwhile , parrots and macaws take kaolin as an antidote to their diet of toxic seeds .	Plur
Fleas , lice and mites are parasites : they share no mutual partnership and instead take advantage of creatures for food or shelter .	Plur
Dwarf mongooses live in family groups of around a dozen .	Plur
Vervet monkeys ' cries are among the most complex .	Plur
Their utterances are effectively words : a vocabulary that defines each of their predators , so an alarm call is specific to a particular threat .	Plur
Whales sing to their prospective partners , and the female 's calls can be heard by suitors for over eight kilometres .	Plur
Lichens grow even further south than moss , and algae populate some of the snow .	Plur
However , the true specialists in this regard are the hummingbirds , whose wings beat at the rate of 25 times a second .	Plur
Blue tits and goldfinches have beaks akin to tweezers , with which to extract seeds , while the hawfinch 's razor-like bill can deal with a cherry-stone .	Plur
hummingbirds eat little else , and the sword-bill 's beak is the longest of any bird in relation to its body .	Plur
Skimmers have different-sized mandibles , the lower one being used to skim the water 's surface for small fish .	Plur
Coots and pelicans are among those that turn on their own and force death by starvation if there is insufficient food .	Plur
In North America , purple martins have become totally dependent on humans for their nest sites .	Plur
In doing so , the Speaker consults and receives advice from the Parliamentary Service Commission , which comprises MPs from across the House .	Plur
The W bosons have either a positive or negative electric charge of 1 elementary charge and are each other 's antiparticles .	Plur
The W bosons have a magnetic moment , but the Z has none .	Plur
These bosons are among the heavyweights of the elementary particles .	Plur
All three bosons have particle spin " s " = 1 .	Plur
The W and Z bosons are carrier particles that mediate the weak nuclear force , much as the photon is the carrier particle for the electromagnetic force .	Plur
The W and Z bosons decay to fermion – antifermion pairs but neither the W nor the Z bosons can decay into the higher-mass top quark .	Plur
W bosons can decay to a lepton and neutrino or to an up-type quark and a down-type quark .	Plur
Z bosons decay into a fermion and its antiparticle .	Plur
In water or very loose mud , caecilians instead swim in an eel-like fashion .	Plur
All caecilians possess a pair of tentacles located between their eyes and nostrils .	Plur
Except for one lungless species , " Atretochoana eiselti " , all caecilians have lungs , but also use their skin or mouths for oxygen absorption .	Plur
The male caecilians have a long tube-like organ , the phallodeum , which is inserted into the cloaca of the female for two to three hours .	Plur
Mature caecilians seem to feed mostly on insects and other invertebrates found in the habitat of the respective species .	Plur
Several Hindu rajas , Sikh rulers and Muslim Nawabs visited the fair .	Plur
Frames are necessary for agents to feel " ontological security , the trust that everyday actions have some degree of predictability .	Plur
" Appropriations " are the immediate , visible actions that reveal deeper structuration processes and are enacted with " moves " .	Plur
Appropriations may be faithful or unfaithful , be instrumental and be used with various attitudes .	Plur
In addition there were 670 non-combatants including 100 men too old to serve , 520 women and 50 children .	Plur
Euros Childs ' sister Megan Childs ( violin ) subsequently joined the group and the band signed to the Welsh record label Ankst .	Plur
In September 2016 , the Chainsmokers shared two short clips of an upcoming song featuring vocals from Martin .	Plur
There are two encodings defined for WFS operations :	Plur
The Stoics identified Zeus with an alternately expanding and contracting fire constituting the universe .	Plur
Chants told the stories of creation , mythology , royalty , and other significant events and people .	Plur
Some important Patriotes voted against this idea , including Louis-Joseph Papineau .	Plur
For the particular choice of " r " , the bounds produce a contradiction unless " n " is prime or a power of a prime .	Plur
Dulles was only willing to offer Britain " moral " support against Nasser .	Plur
Dulles visited London on 31 July , and commented that " a way had to be found to make Nasser disgorge " .	Plur
There were two Cabinets on Friday 2 November .	Plur
British and French paratroops landed at dawn on 5 November .	Plur
Lloyd 's obituaries concentrated on his role in Suez .	Plur
These escarpments generally have their high sides to the south and their low sides ( dip slopes ) to the north .	Plur
In latitudes where there are continents , winds blowing on light surface water can simply pile up light water against these continents .	Plur
As the sea ice recedes epontic algae dominate the first phase of the bloom , and a strong bloom dominate by diatoms follows the ice melt south .	Plur
Another phytoplankton bloom occurs more to the north near the antarctic convergence , here nutrients are present from thermohaline circulation .	Plur
3.5 million tonnes of carbon taken from the ocean and atmosphere is equivalent to 12.8 million tonnes of carbon dioxide .	Plur
In 510 BC , when Aeschylus was 15 years old , Cleomenes I expelled the sons of Peisistratus from Athens , and Cleisthenes came to power .	Plur
Hugh Lloyd-Jones draws attention to Richard Wagner 's reverence of Aeschylus .	Plur
Wiles states that he came across Fermat 's Last Theorem on his way home from school when he was 10 years old .	Plur
The bleak moors surrounding Haworth became their playground .	Plur
The hermits did not believe so ; the canons affirmed that they were .	Plur
However , peacefulness in the face of a grave wrong that could only be stopped by violence would be a sin .	Plur
Conservatories and drama schools typically offer two- to four-year training on all aspects of acting .	Plur
Thucydides describes how Athens 's control over the League grew :	Plur
Avionics are the electronic systems used on aircraft , artificial satellites , and spacecraft .	Plur
The term " avionics " is a portmanteau of the words " aviation " and " electronics " .	Plur
Many modern avionics have their origins in World War II wartime developments .	Plur
Modern avionics is a substantial portion of military aircraft spending .	Plur
Glass cockpits started to come into being with the Gulfstream G ‑ IV private jet in 1985 .	Plur
Common avionics databus protocols , with their primary application , include :	Plur
From archaic times , the Areopagus , the " mount of Ares " at some distance from the Acropolis , was a site of trials .	Plur
Helios discovered the two and alerted Hephaestus .	Plur
Schemes have become the basic objects of study for practitioners of modern algebraic geometry .	Plur
The Traditions recommend that members remain anonymous in public media , altruistically help other alcoholics , and that AA groups avoid official affiliations with other organizations .	Plur
The Twelve Traditions informally guide how individual AA groups function , and the Twelve Concepts for World Service guide how the organization is structured globally .	Plur
Arrays are among the oldest and most important data structures , and are used by almost every program .	Plur
Arrays are useful mostly because the element indices can be computed at run time .	Plur
Arrays have better cache locality as compared to linked lists .	Plur
In C + + ( 1983 ) , class templates exist for multi-dimensional arrays whose dimension is fixed at runtime as well as for runtime-flexible arrays .	Plur
Arrays can have multiple dimensions , thus it is not uncommon to access an array using multiple indices .	Plur
In C , the array element indices are 0-9 inclusive in this case .	Plur
Our lives a sacrifice of love ,	Plur
Throughout the 1840s and the 1850s settlers continued to come to Ann Arbor .	Plur
Most hijackings will involve the plane landing at a certain destination , followed by the hijackers making negotiable demands .	Plur
Disks had to be manually mounted and dismounted using the * MOUNT / * DISMOUNT commands , or using the CTRL-A + BREAK key combination .	Plur
The Lumières held their first private screening of projected motion pictures in 1895 .	Plur
The Lumières gave their first paid public screening on 28 December 1895 , at Salon Indien du Grand Café in Paris .	Plur
The Hurrians spoke a language isolate , i.e .	Plur
The Hittites , having failed to save Mitanni , allied with Babylon in an unsuccessful economic war against Assyria for many years .	Plur
The patriarchs of this line requested and obtained confirmation from Rome only until 1583 .	Plur
All amniotes have a broadly similar arrangement to that of humans , albeit with a number of individual variations .	Plur
Amphibians also retain the fifth connecting vessel , so that the aorta has two parallel arches .	Plur
( Macs without TOPS installed could use the same network but only to communicate with other Apple machines . )	Plur
Later , Apple IIs were able to use 3.5-inch disks with a total capacity of 800 kB and hard disks .	Plur
ProDOS became the Apple II DOS of choice ; AppleWorks and other newer programs required it .	Plur
Specialty peripherals kept the Apple II in use in industry and education environments for many years after Apple Computer stopped supporting the Apple II .	Plur
Most planetariums used Apple IIs to control their projectors and other equipment .	Plur
Cameras followed him as he coped with survival , plus learning skills with a different member of the public each week .	Plur
Chiklis had been developing the project since February 2008 after he and his wife became victims of a Ponzi scheme themselves .	Plur
Because his parents refused to complete financial aid papers , Smiley entered the university with only $ 50 and a small suitcase .	Plur
Smiley wrote letters to local residents , researched for Mayor Allison , and helped write position papers on local issues .	Plur
Psychiatrists , called in at the mother 's request , determined that the boy had a form of photographic memory which they called " photographic reflexes " .	Plur
2 # 3 ( 1989 ) , the Taskmaster trained the Super-Patriot and the Buckies to replace Captain America .	Plur
For Test cricket , the " Wisden Cricketers ' Almanack " sets this as 75 wickets , while ESPNcricinfo requires 2,000 deliveries .	Plur
Procedures using Intravascular Antimicrobial Lock Therapy can reduce infections that are unexposed to blood-borne antibiotics .	Plur
Gloves are worn for three important reasons in hospitals .	Plur
Tributes from the motorsport world included Nigel Mansell , Jenson Button and Dario Franchitti .	Plur
Similarly , most harbors are naturally occurring bays , but some harbors have been created through construction .	Plur
Fleeing the Mongols , at least 40,000 Cumans approached the eastern borders of the Kingdom of Hungary and demanded admission in 1239 .	Plur
On hearing about Köten 's fate , his Cumans decided to leave Hungary and destroyed many villages on their way towards the Balkan Peninsula .	Plur
The Styrian noblemen rose up in rebellion against Béla 's governor Stephen Gutkeled and routed him in early 1258 .	Plur
Even though the penny stock companies are small , the scams that involve them can be for tens of millions of dollars .	Plur
These manipulators first purchase large quantities of stock , then artificially inflate the share price through false and misleading positive statements .	Plur
Eventually the manipulators doing the " pumping " end up " dumping , " when they sell their holdings .	Plur
The tithes and glebe lands at Knighton were thus in the hands of the vicar of St Margaret 's .	Plur
The simulators include basic training devices CAE 400XR and CAE 500XR , and full-motion products such as the CAE 3000 , CAE 5000 and CAE 7000XR .	Plur
These simulators are available for commercial use .	Plur
In 1971 , Cascades began its expansion in Kingsey Falls with the creation of Cascades Forma-Pak , its first moulded-pulp mill to use 100 % recycled fibres .	Plur
" Two Virgins " , while failing to chart in the UK , reached number 124 in the US .	Plur
Golders Green is a London Underground station in Golders Green , north London .	Plur
Golders Green was the last station on the Northern line to retain semaphore signals , replaced in 1950 .	Plur
Symbols for representing these rules are as follows , based on examples :	Plur
As sports writers Daniel Okrent and Steve Wulf observed , " roughness on the field seemed to elicit the same in the stands " .	Plur
These countermeasures significantly reduced the effectiveness of radar-directed anti-aircraft fire .	Plur
Early genre stalwarts like Entombed , Dismember , Gorefest , Immolation , Cannibal Corpse and Deicide have all credited Autopsy as an influence in their sound .	Plur
Shem added four more " Laws " in his reflection of " The House of God " 34 years later .	Plur
Universal pragmatics , a term coined by Jürgen Habermas , suggests that human conflict arises from miscommunication , so communicative competence is needed to reduce conflict .	Plur
The rights Hogg identifies include language rights .	Plur
Te Māri Craters erupted in 2012 , for the first time since 1897 .	Plur
VIPs may also occasionally ask to tour the hospital ; if impressed , the player is granted a cash bonus , a reputation increase , or both .	Plur
Realizing that such priests risked their lives day by day , Vianney began to look upon them as heroes .	Plur
Since the harsh weather isolated the town during the winter , the deserters were safe from gendarmes .	Plur
Vianney regarded her as his guardian and erected a chapel and shrine in honor of the saint .	Plur
The Audio Visuals were an unlicensed series of " Doctor Who " audio dramas made by British fans in the 1980s .	Plur
His 248 strikeouts currently remain a franchise record for most strikeouts notched by a pitcher in a single season .	Plur
With increasing technology in the 20th century and the popularity of conceptual art over technical mastery , more sculptors turned to art fabricators to produce their artworks .	Plur
Dive Deep is the third studio album by the English group Quintessence .	Plur
" Fighting Suspicions " was the most risky song and unusual song that Ferguson had written , she explained .	Plur
The specific name " mirabilis " is from Latin for " wondrous " or " amazing " .	Plur
Lever arm shock absorbers were the first form of hydraulic shock absorber or damper used for car suspension .	Plur
Hydraulic shock absorbers appeared as a development to replace the previous friction disks .	Plur
The first hydraulic shock absorbers were of the " rotary vane pattern " .	Plur
Billiards and snooker , equestrian , sepak takraw , taekwondo , and artistic gymnastics have sold about half their tickets .	Plur
Over the next decade and a half , the victories and the " first female to ... " milestones began to accumulate rapidly .	Plur
Rezan Has , spouse of the wealthy Turkish businessman Kadir Has , founded the museum in May 2007 .	Plur
Starting in the mid-2000s , factor oracles have found application in computer music , as well .	Plur
Sediments accumulate at the lowest elevation possible , in accommodation spaces .	Plur
These dislocations concentrate into walls , forming new grain boundaries .	Plur
Subsequently , invitations began coming to him to perform in every nook and corner of the state .	Plur
Gaps or GAPs may also refer to :	Plur
Ananias and his wife Sapphira were , according to the Acts of the Apostles chapter 5 , members of the early Christian church in Jerusalem .	Plur
The Adolescents ( ) is a 1968 Mexican drama film directed by Abel Salazar .	Plur
River anticlines form around large highly erosive rivers where crustal strength is relatively low .	Plur
River anticlines form when huge amounts of material are removed by river erosion in an area with low crustal rigidity .	Plur
These Are My Favourites is the fourth and final studio album released by English TV personality , Bruce Forsyth .	Plur
In May 2016 , McKelvey joined the Board of Directors of MoneyOnMobile , Inc . , which offers mobile money solutions through its Indian subsidiary MoneyOnMobile .	Plur
In September 2013 , McKelvey co-founded LaunchCode , a non-profit organization that aims to grow new talent and create pathways to on-the-job training and employment .	Plur
Breeds said that there was " a lot of love between them " and that they had a beautiful relationship .	Plur
Breeds thought Geoff and Ruby were a great couple and commented that Geoff had a level of maturity that Ruby 's ex-boyfriend did not have .	Plur
Pryse died in 1623 , and was buried in Llanbadarnfawr Church .	Plur
Pryse married Gwenllian Pryse daughter of Thomas Pryse ap Morris ap Owain ap Evan Blaney or Blaen of Aberbychan , Montgomeryshire .	Plur
The 35.6 million tonnes of ore contains 427,000 tonnes of nickel metal .	Plur
Rose strolls around the streets , unaware that a seemingly distraught woman is taking pictures of her .	Plur
The 30 million tonnes of ore contains 390,000 tonnes of nickel metal .	Plur
The 33.2 million tonnes of ore contains 375,000 tonnes of nickel metal .	Plur
The 100 million tonnes of ore contains 55 million tonnes of iron metal .	Plur
These rationales were not always included in the wording of the actual laws .	Plur
Even then , the Stoics believed the child is neither rational being nor moral agent until 14 years of age .	Plur
Two-hundred tonnes of artificial snow was laid on the layered flooring which was specially prepared to avoid seepage or melting .	Plur
Shigatse is also the name of the surrounding county , whose population is approximately 94,000 .	Plur
Shigatse was previously the seat of the kings of Ü-Tsang and the capital of the province of Ü-Tsang or Tsang .	Plur
Shigatse was also the traditional seat of the Panchen Lamas .	Plur
In the 1960s many senior lamas and monastics left Tibet and established new monasteries in India , Nepal and Bhutan .	Plur
All non-actors participated in an acting workshop which lasted several months , during which Aladag helped them learn from her experience in front of the camera .	Plur
The 50 million tonnes of ore contains 27.5 million tonnes of iron metal .	Plur
Critchley grew up in Northfield , Birmingham .	Plur
Hoof trimmers trim and care for bovine hooves , principally those of dairy cows .	Plur
The 40 million tonnes of ore contains 500,000 tonnes of copper metal .	Plur
The 100 million tonnes of ore contains 800,000 tonnes of copper metal .	Plur
The 15 million tonnes of ore contains 167,000 tonnes of copper metal .	Plur
The 13.6 million tonnes of ore contains 7.34 million tonnes of iron metal .	Plur
After Saladin overthrew the Fatimids in 1171 , the Ayyubids aspired to establishing their sovereignty over Mecca .	Plur
The Wahhabis started to be a threat on the Hejaz from the 1750s onwards .	Plur
In 1803 the Wahhabis , led by Abdul-Aziz Al Saud , attacked Mecca .	Plur
The Emirs of Mecca continued to have a say in the administration of the Hejaz alongside the governors .	Plur
The 70 million tonnes of ore contains 28 million tonnes of iron metal .	Plur
The Serbians did not give up and managed to cut their opponent 's comfortable lead to only one goal with a 4 – 0 series .	Plur
The 20 million tonnes of ore contains 500,000 tonnes of copper metal .	Plur
The 20 million tonnes of ore contains 10.8 million tonnes of iron metal .	Plur
The 104 million tonnes of ore contains 43.7 million tonnes of iron metal .	Plur
But as every night has a day , Harijans got their rightful place in the society & Odhavram won his battle for humanism with pride and dignity .	Plur
The 1 million tonnes of ore contains 480,000 tonnes of chromium metal .	Plur
The 8.6 million tonnes of ore contains 260,000 tonnes of copper metal and 172,000 tonnes of zinc metal .	Plur
In 2010 there were 85 seminarians .	Plur
With bodies ( ascocarps ) from to in diameter , burgundy truffles are relatively large .	Plur
Generally , the extensors lie on anterior of the thigh and flexors lie on the posterior .	Plur
The biceps femoris has two heads : The long head has its origin on the ischial tuberosity together with the semitendinosus and acts on two joints .	Plur
The Sex Pistols lived beneath No .	Plur
During the 1950s , the cheap rents on Gerrard Street attracted Chinese Londoners , many who moved from Poplar .	Plur
Other Commonwealth realms have continued to apply the imperial honours system together with their own honours systems .	Plur
Honorary knighthoods arise from Orders of Chivalry rather than as Knights Bachelor as the latter confers no postnominal letters .	Plur
Four gentlemen ushers are on duty to help look after the recipients and their guests .	Plur
Identities may be unaware of each other and compartmentalize knowledge and memories , resulting in chaotic personal lives .	Plur
Skeptics note that a small subset of doctors are responsible for diagnosing the majority of individuals with DID .	Plur
The DSM-III grouped the diagnosis with the other four major dissociative disorders using the term " multiple personality disorder " .	Plur
Different alters may appear based on their greater ability to deal with specific situational stresses or threats .	Plur
In late November 2006 Vatican insiders told the international press that the Pope had had a routine examination of the heart .	Plur
These mosquitos usually live between the latitudes of 35 ° North and 35 ° South below an elevation of .	Plur
Some serotypes of dengue virus appear to have mechanisms to slow down this process .	Plur
IgM becomes undetectable 30 – 90 days after a primary infection , but earlier following re-infections .	Plur
Weeds are the major biotic stresses for finger millet cultivation .	Plur
Important finger millet pests are bird predators , such as quelea in East Africa .	Plur
Dams on rivers had decreased the fish populations that could get upstream to spawn , and water quality in the rivers had declined .	Plur
Infrequent bushfires at expected intervals pose no threat , and are in fact beneficial for regeneration of " banksia " populations .	Plur
However , too frequent bushfires can seriously reduce or even eliminate populations from certain areas , by killing seedlings and young plants before they reach fruiting age .	Plur
Sequences are worth 80 % of what the same jumps executed in combination would be worth .	Plur
Jumps are classified as either " edge jumps " or " toe jumps " .	Plur
Three revolutions ( three and a half for the Axel ) is a " triple " jump .	Plur
Growth spurts sometimes affect a skater 's jumping ability .	Plur
Loops are more likely to be judged as under-rotated or downgraded .	Plur
Sequences often include " decorative " jumps like toe loop " " .	Plur
Spins are a required element in most figure skating competitions .	Plur
The chorus alludes to the boredom which band members experienced when the program wasn 't on .	Plur
The original wooden sleds gave way to streamlined fiberglass and metal ones .	Plur
Modern day sleighs combine light metals , steel runners , and an aerodynamic composite body .	Plur
Competition sleighs must be a maximum of long ( 4-crew ) or long ( 2-crew ) .	Plur
The live oaks are distinguished for being evergreen , but are not actually a distinct group and instead are dispersed across the genus .	Plur
White oaks are unable to discriminate against pollination by other species in the same section .	Plur
Their ghosts return in one more scene ( Act 5 Scene 3 ) to haunt their uncle 's dreams and promise success to his rival , Richmond .	Plur
Instead , the Narragansetts allied themselves with the Colonists and helped to crush the Pequots in 1637 – 38 .	Plur
The Narragansetts thus became the most powerful Indian tribe in southern New England .	Plur
Other English prelates followed his example .	Plur
Numerous slag inclusions found in the steel are typical for medieval iron smelting technology .	Plur
The distributions of these glands vary between species , and do not always correspond with the same regions as in humans .	Plur
Forms may be linear , curvilinear , or scatter .	Plur
But the Amazons emerge as a kind of terrorist branch of NOW , and Antiope 's decline into All-for-Love milque-toastery is truly tedious . "	Plur
Bombings in Homs in January 2016 had killed 22 people .	Plur
In short , his choreographies are more sculptural and painterly than those of his colleague .	Plur
Led by head coach Joe Brannen , the Barnstormers play their home games at the Wells Fargo Arena in the Des Moines , Iowa .	Plur
The Tritons have the most CCAA Tournament titles of any current CCAA member school , with three .	Plur
Lutyens originally designed a cenotaph for Southend , following his example of the Cenotaph on Whitehall in London , arguably his most famous memorial .	Plur
Lutyens originally planned a cenotaph for Southend , a design for which is held by the Royal Institute of British Architects .	Plur
According to a study in Artvin Çoruh University , the sulfides in the mine bring the danger of acidic water being released from the mine .	Plur
Relics may be things such as the bones of saints or holy soil .	Plur
Cairene mobs formed demanding Qawsun 's ouster and Qawsun 's personal " mamluks " were attacked .	Plur
The pathos attributed to this piece may have been intended to serve as a form of worship in which Christians create an emotional connection with Christ .	Plur
There are more than ten trailheads to access the open-space area , and some of the flora includes oak woodlands , coastal sage scrub and chaparral .	Plur
Dues are $ 150 a year , and membership applications require the signatures of two existing members .	Plur
His retractions came amid mounting pressure from fellow North Korean escapees and the South Korean news media to clarify suspicions about his background .	Plur
Charters served two terms as Worshipful Master of this first lodge which was known as the Charters Towers Lodge No.1546EC .	Plur
The gutters have acroteria , decorative rainwater heads and moulded soffit brackets .	Plur
Other grammarians soon thereafter pronounced their disapproval , including Noah Webster in 1798 .	Plur
More grammarians continued such disapproval into the 19th century .	Plur
In 2008 , 32,000 Fijians were members of a union affiliated with the Congress .	Plur
By the mid 1920s , there were six Lodges that met in Cairns , in a building in Lake Street .	Plur
Prior to the destruction of this building by a cyclone in 1927 , the Lodges moved to a building adjoining the site of the present Temple .	Plur
The rendered arch mouldings contain a large keystone and surround a circular window above a row of four small square windows .	Plur
In the mid 2010s , kidnap scams were more proliferate in Singapore than the actual act of kidnapping itself .	Plur
The Plagues opened for the Young Rascals when they came to Lansing .	Plur
In some cases , the phalanges were either placed in seashells near the body or scattered around the head .	Plur
Some sleepers disintegrated during the use and some sections needed to be supported by broken branches rammed into cavities under the track .	Plur
There are a few black and brown speckles and a broad brown streak which extends from near the tip of the white mark to the interior angle .	Plur
Only two further rescues took place , with one resident being rescued at 06 : 05 and the last being rescued at 08 : 07 .	Plur
The bandmembers took no money individually , pooling their earnings to pay their instructor Mundy .	Plur
Volts started out as a dancer and a commercial model before learning how to play the guitar and composing songs .	Plur
Volts started his musical career on YouTube , posting vlogs and song covers on his own channel .	Plur
Volts became the first signed artist of One Music PH .	Plur
At age 12 , Genovese moved to Berkeley Heights , New Jersey .	Plur
Genovese joined the Women ’ s Tennis Association circuit in 1980 .	Plur
In 1983 , Genovese opened Gina 's Tennis World in Berkeley Heights .	Plur
In April 2017 , Genovese announced an Independent bid for New Jersey governor , dedicating her candidacy to property tax reform .	Plur
On July 25 , Genovese selected political operative Derel Stroud of Plainfield as her running mate .	Plur
Late morning on 12 December , bookmakers gave May an 80 % chance of winning the vote .	Plur
Bookmakers had Johnson as most likely to succeed May on the morning of 12 December confidence vote .	Plur
An implicit racial bias refers to unintentional judgments a person makes of a group ( e.g .	Plur
Racial bias can be contagious within a social group or neighborhood .	Plur
DeSantis later told reporters that both he and Duncan believe that the man was the perpetrator of the shooting , James Hodgkinson .	Plur
Reactions to the shooting among political activists were split .	Plur
Endangered amphibians include the horned marsupial frog ( " Gastrotheca cornuta " ) .	Plur
The Israelites refused to take part in the census claiming that God knew their numbers .	Plur
By now the Israelites had exhausted their supplies and began stealing cattle from the local farmers .	Plur
By 1921 , there were about 3000 Israelites from all over the country living at Ntabelanga .	Plur
At the end of the 20-minute battle , an estimated 163 Israelites died , 129 were wounded and 95 were taken prisoner including Enoch Mgijima .	Plur
That night , the black costume slips over Spider-Man and takes him out for exercise while he continues to sleep .	Plur
The main determinants of affective well-being , by correlation and effect size are :	Plur
Adolescents recognize their passions , abilities and talents and aim to fulfill their goals and behave in a way that appeases their true self .	Plur
PPIs studied included producing gratitude letters , performing optimistic thinking , replaying positive life experiences , and socializing with people .	Plur
Mindfulness to Kashdan is very resource-intensive processing ; he warned it is not simply better at all times .	Plur
The four eudaimonic pursuits as described by Huta & Ryan are :	Plur
In one study both Californians and Midwesterners expected the former 's happiness ratings to be higher due to a sunnier environment .	Plur
Norman testifies , explaining that what he mainly wants is his National Insurance card and to have his story acknowledged .	Plur
Here were the ghosts of all Shakespearean critics whose fine old volumes were gathered on the commodious shelves .	Plur
" 2009 Rugby World Cup Sevens qualifying – Men	Plur
Miraculously , the executioners called a halt to the proceedings at sunset and led the remaining 200 men back to prison .	Plur
The pandas went on public exhibit at the zoo on March 12 2016 .	Plur
The two pandas now reside with the mother and other adult panda at the Calgary Zoo until 2022 and likely will return to China thereafter .	Plur
Caffey intended to retire in 1953 , but withdrew his request after receiving promotion to brigadier general and assignment as Assistant Judge Advocate General for Civil Law .	Plur
" The Beasts Are on the Streets	Plur
Pitches are often overcrowded and facilities are well below the standard expected of social housing . "	Plur
Earlier demolitions had taken place in the mid-1960s and in 1982 when the old core of Sulukule was torn down .	Plur
The Waffen-SS ( " Armed SS " ) was the armed wing of the Nazi Party 's SS organisation .	Plur
The Waffen-SS grew from three regiments to over 38 divisions during World War II , with approximately 900,000 personnel going through its ranks .	Plur
There are smooth limestone window sills and lintels , and some simple decorative patterns in the brickwork .	Plur
When converted into bomb vessels , the 60-foot lighters were armed with a single mortar and had a complement of 17 – 18 crewmen .	Plur
Pursuits he followed afterwards include shoemaking .	Plur
VP1 monomers assemble into a closed icosahedral structure .	Plur
During his verse , Future raps about lavish vacations and late-night endeavors , describing himself as a bad guy ideally suited to Grande 's needs .	Plur
The aisles have a 17th-century Via Crucis .	Plur
The Coras have been for centuries related to the province of Lugo and the comarca of Viveiro .	Plur
Some waterbodies indexed under this classification system have un-indexed headstreams or lateral tributaries in the form of very small streams or ditches .	Plur
There are three different rock facies in the El Toro volcanic field .	Plur
These tuffs lie directly on the basement rocks .	Plur
There is one causeways connecting South Nurana with Bahrain Island :	Plur
These gentlemen were called knights banderesi ( chevaliers bannerets ) .	Plur
Earlier dressings are mostly in red sandstone , while nineteenth century dressings are in Bath stone .	Plur
The boldness of these routes showed that he excelled at difficult mountain routes as well as one-pitch sports climbs .	Plur
Before the Robots is the studio follow-up album to Better Than Ezra 's 2001 studio release " Closer " and debut album on Artemis Records .	Plur
Purchasers included CSXT , New York Susquehanna & Western ( NYSW ; part of EMDX order no .	Plur
Devens carried out Stone 's orders and made the difficult crossing on three small 10-man boats , taking him four hours to accomplish .	Plur
Devens determined to hold there , waiting several hours for reinforcements , when skirmishing began at 7 a.m. , before Baker had arrived .	Plur
Divine Comedies is the seventh book of poetry by James Merrill ( 1926 – 1995 ) .	Plur
Each RD will report to the Senior RD for any matters regarding the region and / or sub-regions themselves .	Plur
The backdrops display silhouettes of burning trees against racing , blood-red clouds .	Plur
Droughts are not uncommon and may occur at any time of the year , lasting sometimes for months or even several years .	Plur
Referendums in Australia are polls held in Australia to approve parliament-proposed changes to the Constitution of Australia or to the constitutions of states and territories .	Plur
In addition to this , all Club Cabins and Suites received new carpets and textiles as well as having their en-suites remodelled and refurbished .	Plur
Woodlands stud was later bought out by HH Sheikh Mohammad bin Rashid Al Maktoum 's Darley Stud .	Plur
Leif Larsen ( 9 January 1906 – 12 October 1990 ) nicknamed " Shetlands Larsen " , was perhaps the most famous of the Shetland Bus men .	Plur
In October 1943 , the new submarine chasers arrived and Larsen became commander of " Vigra " , with the rank of Sub-Lieutenant .	Plur
Iwerks was directing the Silly Symphonies shorts , and Gillett the Mickey Mouse ones .	Plur
Sexes are similar , but immature birds have white-streaked grey upperparts and dark-streaked whitish underparts .	Plur
There are 26 divisional secretariats divided in Uva Province , which are listed below , by district .	Plur
" The Curtains in the House of the Metaphysician " is as good an example as any .	Plur
The bucks are spinning planets and the firecat is the Sun — so the poem 's title is a pun .	Plur
Pitchers often marked the ball , scuffed it , spat on it — anything they could to influence the ball 's motion .	Plur
Trends show that English is becoming the language of choice for more and more people , and is transforming the Maltese language .	Plur
of their parent languages , whereas creoles begin as simple languages and then develop in complexity more independently .	Plur
Chimneys were a larger version of the copper-capped type of the first batch .	Plur
The 4-4-0 Counties were in effect a shortened GWR 2900 Class , providing engines powerful enough for the trains but with the requisite four-coupled wheels .	Plur
Amphibex excavator icebreakers were at work breaking up ice flows on the Red River in 2009 .	Plur
The Notre Dame Hounds defeated the Calgary Buffaloes 4 – 0 in the gold medal game , which was broadcast live from Selkirk on TSN .	Plur
Two concubines bore Prince Hiroyasu and Princess Sachiko respectively .	Plur
The rounded pebbles and the sharp contrast in color gives this type of conglomerate the appearance of a raisin or Christmas pudding .	Plur
Five gallon buckets were the favorite of many early adopters of the system as they were readily available at hardware stores .	Plur
As a player , Commins represented Western Province as a scrumhalf .	Plur
Upon Verdi 's death , along his funeral 's cortege in the streets of Milan , bystanders started spontaneous choruses of " Va , pensiero " .	Plur
His 46 WSOP cashes account for $ 1,165,960 of his total winnings .	Plur
Inputs to the method are numeric factors which indicate Size ( S ) , Familiarity ( F ) and Complexity ( C ) .	Plur
MVM continues work on these contracts as well as contracts with agencies incorporated into the Department of Homeland Security .	Plur
However , by the end of World War I , enrollments began to decline , and financial problems continued to plague the college .	Plur
In the " Dungeons & Dragons " role-playing game , the duergar ( ) , or gray dwarves are a cruel and evil subrace of dwarves .	Plur
The core " Expanded Psionics Handbook " and the open System Reference Document identify Duergar as naturally psionic , with a racial bonus to power points .	Plur
Like other Bantu languages , Tetela grammar arranges nouns into a number of classes .	Plur
Other running gags were the " terrible childhood " of Mike Krüger .	Plur
Loops implemented using a counter variable as typically found in data processing algorithms will usually terminate , demonstrated by the pseudocode example below :	Plur
Laurens designed the fountain , Csaky designed Doucet 's staircase , Lipchitz made the fireplace mantel and Marcoussis created a Cubist rug .	Plur
At the same time the leases had expired for Lord Donegall 's south County Antrim estate .	Plur
Hobbs made his début for Featherstone Rovers on Monday 27 March 1978 , he later played left- , i.e .	Plur
Hobbs was the coach , played left- , i.e .	Plur
Hobbs became coach at Bradford Northern until he left for Wakefield Trinity in 1994 .	Plur
Contacts of every kind with his homeland continued undiminished .	Plur
There are short but deep furrows at the corners of the mouth on both jaws .	Plur
Brooklands , Greater Manchester may refer to :	Plur
The fleeces are not very heavy , only weighing .	Plur
Short furrows are present at the corners of the mouth .	Plur
The large dermal denticles are overlapping and bear three to five horizontal ridges each .	Plur
The embryos develop a placenta after around four months of gestation , when they still possess vestiges of external gills .	Plur
The RedHawks had to fill several holes in the starting line up , due to the Graduation of 19 seniors , including eight all-MAC selections .	Plur
The RedHawks moved the ball well in the first half but failed to score a touchdown .	Plur
The RedHawks and Boilermakers traded touchdowns the rest of the game to finish regulation tied at 31 .	Plur
For the third straight game the RedHawks did not cross the goal line in the first half .	Plur
The RedHawks did have a Miami 's Ryne Robinson returned a punt 80 yards for a touchdown midway through the third quarter .	Plur
The RedHawks out gained the Huskies by 129 yards and even with Garrett Wolfe running for 162 yards .	Plur
Solar eclipses may occur more than once a year across the Earth .	Plur
Total eclipses may occur multiple times every few years .	Plur
Ecosystems in covenanted areas include grasslands , woodlands , heath and saltmarsh .	Plur
His forefathers had migrated to Travancore kingdom from Kumbakonam ( Tanjore kingdom ) during the early decades of the 19th century .	Plur
Despres continued co-promoting NWA Liberty States with Joey Eastman for another year .	Plur
In the twelfth episode " Over My Dead Body " , the liars receive a large box with chucky dolls inside .	Plur
Regent airways codeshares with the following airlines :	Plur
The Britishers also transferred the capital from Calcutta to New Delhi .	Plur
Little Revolutions is a 2009 compilation album by Duke Special , collecting 18 rarities , including b-sides , covers and live recordings .	Plur
Balfour died in the Oxfordshire town of Witney nine-and-a-half weeks before his 87th birthday .	Plur
His scruples about accepting the Westminster Confession of Faith prevented him from doing so although he remained within the Free Church communion .	Plur
Sadid al-Din Muhammad ibn Mas ‘ ud al-Kazaruni was a 14th-century Persian physician from Kazerun , Fars , Iran .	Plur
Coles is then completely bewildered when Mildred mentions that her husband also used to date Myra .	Plur
Coles is able to persuade Arthur to show wife Mildred the affection she wants .	Plur
Coles tosses him down the gangplank .	Plur
The flagstones show a marked cyclicity in their sedimentation , which is interpreted as representing regular climatically driven changes in lake level caused by Milankovitch cyclicity .	Plur
Magnets on the bottom of the vehicles relayed information about the vehicle location and speed , which was received at the central control station .	Plur
ICTS 's initial installs had problems , but they were solved and the system quickly proved itself .	Plur
Lubbers is a former aide and close friend of former governor Mitch Daniels .	Plur
Entertainers , religious ministers , professors and other professionals , and domestics were exempt .	Plur
There are two subscales , the Higher Cognitive Abilities and Frequent Cognitive Abilities , and also a measure of self-reported maintenance of cognitive activity .	Plur
In their annual concert tour the choirboys also perform abroad .	Plur
With their visit the choirboys could contribute to strengthen the partnership between Guernsey and Biberach .	Plur
Beginnings is the debut studio album by South African musician and singer-songwriter Trevor Rabin , released in 1977 on RPM Records .	Plur
He harbors love for Asha and tries to win her , but she rejects him for his arrogance .	Plur
In 2015 , Valls had his biggest victory to date by winning the Tour of Oman and its fourth stage .	Plur
By the nineteenth century , Northern Paiutes had migrated north from the Great Basin and were also using portions of the upper John Day watershed .	Plur
Stone anvils , hammerstones , manos , mortars were also unearthed , as well as fragments of cut mica and elbow-shared clay smoking pipes .	Plur
The Research Laboratories of Anthropology at the University of North Carolina excavated Garden Creek from 1965 to 1967 .	Plur
For 15 years , VSU Theatre reps travelled to Jekyll Island to present three musicals during a 9-week period .	Plur
The asterisks in the exponent indicates that the variable represent a more perceptually uniform color space than its predecessor ( compare with CIELAB ) .	Plur
MicroRNAs regulate protein coding gene expression by binding to 3 ' UTRs , there are tools specifically designed for predicting these interactions .	Plur
Madame Loewe says this sentence to reassure Hélène .	Plur
In other traditions , there are also monthly or bimonthly , weekly or daily observances .	Plur
The Abbess of Sainte-Odile , Herrad of Landsberg , mentions the commune in his writings .	Plur
Around the village cross-roads and War Memorial are grouped other cottages and the ' new ' 19th-century church , All Saints , East Stratton and farm .	Plur
The male palps are similar to that of " A. similus " but , from above , the thin apophysis is longer .	Plur
The red wattles are long and thin and the neck is long and well feathered .	Plur
So , while the traditions may well be rooted in ancient pagan winter solstice rituals , the local celebrants do not seem to know it .	Plur
The shepherds are wearing loincloths , and everybody speaks perfect German .	Plur
LaDou 's pizzas were highly popular , making reservations at Spago 's very hard to get .	Plur
The Hounds of Notre Dame is a 1980 Canadian drama film directed by Zale Dalen .	Plur
" The Orchids of Thailand – A Preliminary List " ( with T. Smitinand ) and " Orchid Genera in Thailand " vol .	Plur
Adjoint functors between locally presentable categories have a particularly simple characterization .	Plur
Forest Knolls may refer to :	Plur
The Fantasticks is a 1995 American musical romantic comedy film directed by Michael Ritchie .	Plur
These boas have a reputation for being " nippy " , with some individuals being quick to bite in self-defense .	Plur
On 19 December Syder Sides left the group and Faultsz also subsequently announced his departure on Boxing Day .	Plur
More massive exoplanets would tend to have a regular surface gravity , which can mean shallower — and more hospitable — ocean basins .	Plur
Matthew Colin " Matty " Foulds ( born 1 February 1998 ) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Everton .	Plur
Foulds is currently a regular starter for Everton U23 's .	Plur
The Catamounts , led by fifth year head coach John Becker , played their home games at Patrick Gym and were members of the America East Conference .	Plur
Lukens left the Chester County Historical Society in 2003 to join the Chemical Heritage Foundation in Philadelphia as the foundation 's Chief Curator .	Plur
In 2011 , Lukens became the President of the Chester County Historical Society .	Plur
After the ship hits Earth 's surface , the Crystal Gems emerge from the wreckage , having been protected by Steven 's magic bubble .	Plur
Thorns is the second studio album by Portuguese band Icon & The Black Roses .	Plur
Madhopur is a village in Barharia block of Siwan district in the Indian state of Bihar .	Plur
Les amies de ma femme or My Wife 's Girlfriends is a 1992 French-Belgium comedy film directed by Didier Van Cauwelaert .	Plur
" The Husbands of River Song " is an episode of the British science fiction television series " Doctor Who " .	Plur
Detainees from the Roman prison " Rebibbia Nuovo Complesso " and the Milanese prison of " Bollate " participate to the broadcast .	Plur
The colonnades had mosaic pavements with Greek ( and a few latin ) letters marking the address of each shop .	Plur
The colonnades had mosaic pavements with Greek letters marking the address of each shop .	Plur
British indie rock band The Charlatans headlined the pre-match and half-time entertainment .	Plur
Its tailplanes were triangular and the elevators balanced .	Plur
Seeing the smoke from Concord , the colonials believed the town was being burned , and attempted to cross the bridge to succor it .	Plur
Girdle alternates pale stripes of grayish white and grayish green .	Plur
These chitons occur in rocky coasts , in the zones of sweeping of the waves , at a depth of 0 – 3 meters .	Plur
Caregivers are all persons who support and help a person in need of care regularly because of personal – not professional – reasons .	Plur
Caregivers are typically not trained .	Plur
Basaltic andesites and in lesser measure andesites contain olivine , hornblende and orthopyroxene are found in andesites and biotite only in evolved dacites .	Plur
Geoff Foulds ( born 20 November 1939 ) is an English former professional snooker player .	Plur
Internet addicts wander the streets talking to themselves , the economy crashes and the government authorizes the NET Recovery Act .	Plur
The " mediastinal pleura " attaches to the other organs in the mediastinum and forms the separating lateral wall .	Plur
Destinations seen in the installation include Bhutan ; Dubai ; Split , Croatia ; and Seychelles .	Plur
The 2013 World Draughts Championship was an international draughts tournament held in Ufa , Russia .	Plur
Other sportsmen played in final B .	Plur
After a time , HiRISE saw the ice deposit disappear .	Plur
These million-selling classics are still in production today .	Plur
The veneers are still wet when they come out and run through the " drying area " .	Plur
The three-dimensionally shaped molded plywood blanks for seats , shells and backrests are contour milled with multi-axis CNC milling machines and bored if needed .	Plur
The westerners came back strongly and a goal from Kerrill Wade before the interval ensured a 4-6 to 0-8 interval lead .	Plur
The attributions of the National Assembly are :	Plur
Speaks lists her religious affiliation as Baptist .	Plur
Speaks ran without opposition in the Republican primary held on May 20 , 2014 .	Plur
Representative Speaks holds these committee assignments : ( 1 ) City , County and Local Affairs and ( 2 ) Revenue and Taxation .	Plur
Former Congressman Norm Dicks joined the firm in 2013 as Senior Policy Advisor .	Plur
Commands are all responsive enough to provide instantaneous updates .	Plur
Mouse drags allow the user to change the order of arguments to a function .	Plur
There are no count outs and no disqualifications .	Plur
Peas Creek is a stream in Boone County , Iowa , in the United States .	Plur
There is a very large tuft above the dorsum at one-third of the wing and one at the disc at three-fourths .	Plur
Quandre Diggs ( born January 22 , 1993 ) is an American football cornerback for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	Plur
Diggs ' older brother , Quentin Jammer , also played the cornerback position in the NFL but has since retired .	Plur
Diggs played college football at Texas from 2011-2014 under head coaches Mack Brown ( 2011-2013 ) and Charlie Strong ( 2014 ) .	Plur
Diggs made his first career tackle on Keenan Allen , stopping a five-yard reception in the fourth quarter .	Plur
Diggs finished the season with 44 combined tackles ( 40 solo ) and a pass deflections in 12 games and four starts .	Plur
During training camp , Diggs competed to be the starting nickelback against D. J. Hayden and Jamal Agnew .	Plur
Diggs is the younger brother of former Longhorns and NFL defensive back Quentin Jammer .	Plur
Binns did not have the authority to require the Mine Manager to take any action .	Plur
Statements appearing in letters or on Facebook have become far more violent .	Plur
The linings to the stand are recent and the shaped ends to the main beams project through the linings .	Plur
The local Bedouins sell souvenirs and snacks in the small parking lot , which also serves Beidha .	Plur
The earliest tetrapods thrived in aquatic environments prior to making their initial transition to land .	Plur
Correspondingly , modern amphibians too began in water before emerging on land as adults .	Plur
These telemetric loci are evidence for OR gene expansion where genes were duplicated quickly .	Plur
Among amniotes , mammals were the first to evolve a complex system of nasal turbinates , which augment the surface area for olfactory epithelium .	Plur
Conversely , human embryos possess a vomeronasal organ that persists , although this feature is vestigial throughout their lifetime .	Plur
These ORs constitute 17 gene families , of which only 4 contain more than 100 members each .	Plur
There are Class I ORs , Fish-like , which form 10 % of the human repertoire all on one cluster on chromosome 11 .	Plur
Cetaceans do not depend on terrestrial environments , and have thusly lost a large fraction of their OR repertoire .	Plur
The PHS temporarily used the old buildings of the Puerto Princesa Elementary School .	Plur
Tavares started his career at Renault in 1981 .	Plur
Tavares had much in common with Ghosn , as both were " raised in Portuguese-speaking environments .	Plur
1408 Vytautas built the church of the Holy Spirit that was later expanded .	Plur
There were snippets of Stevie Wonder and , more surprisingly , Eric Clapton . "	Plur
Another faux pas happened during Episode 9 .	Plur
Many onlookers were sure this would be Manifesto ’ s last appearance in the race .	Plur
Latour discusses the relationship between the social realm and the technological realm .	Plur
The player earns fame by driving well and completing challenges .	Plur
The first Urbos 3s entered service in July 2014 , with the final vehicle delivered by the end of June 2015 .	Plur
The Du Roc Crips are a street gang in Monrovia and Duarte , California .	Plur
During the 1980s , heroin addicts would frequently gather at the park , and attempts to disperse them merely resulted in them regrouping elsewhere .	Plur
The Indios were active for several years in the league , winning the championship in 1983 and 1984 .	Plur
The rinks and restaurants opened on October 31 and November 6 , 2014 .	Plur
Gaps remain in terms of resource allocation , legislative and policy development , and systems and mechanisms for coordinated and sustained action .	Plur
Pocock writes that Scottish conjectural history was " of considerable importance to Gibbon and the creation of philosophical historiography " .	Plur
Apart from international products like Doner Kebab , Asian cuisine , or pizza , there are some snacks with a local or regional tradition .	Plur
Other popular snacks are " Currywurst " which comes in different styles made with different kind of sausages , or Knackwurst .	Plur
These animalistic characterisations reflect the nature of each soul 's sin ; plaques at the feet of each feature inscriptions such as :	Plur
Airey left the band before the recording of the third Empire album , " The Raven Ride " ( 2006 ) .	Plur
Twin lambs will average 13 pounds each at birth with a growth rate that enables ram lambs to reach 160 lbs .	Plur
Detainees have a right to prompt judicial determination .	Plur
There were serious backlogs in the judicial system .	Plur
Saint-Saëns thought highly enough of Marie to introduce her to the Society of Music Composers — a great honor for women in those days .	Plur
These posets will collapse various cardinals , in other words force them to be equal in size to smaller cardinals .	Plur
Their fleeces are mostly white , but some colored sheep are known among the breed .	Plur
Earlier in 1883 , Fairbanks had been among those called by John Taylor to start a new settlement in the Sevier Valley .	Plur
Screams in the Night may refer to :	Plur
Buzzards can often be see soaring high above , kestrels hover above the hedgerows , and skylarks can be heard in summer months .	Plur
Hawise succeeded her older brother , Conan II , who was assassinated by poisoning on 11 December 1066 .	Plur
Hosts pay for their time on the station and may ask for donations while on the air .	Plur
In practice , however , [ in Ireland ] there were restraints .	Plur
WES advances the global mobility and integration of people into academic and professional settings .	Plur
There were many pleas and petitions for clemency by various institutes and Jewish leaders , which were not effective .	Plur
The two sergeants had decided to walk Weinberg home before returning to camp .	Plur
The gallows will not be all of one color ... Their price will be paid in full .	Plur
At the east end are two lancets separated by a large shaft .	Plur
In the Semifinals , the directly-qualified Semifinalists faced the winners from the Quarterfinals .	Plur
The 12-pounders fired , projectiles at a muzzle velocity of .	Plur
Attracted by the firing , American P-38s soon showed up and downed two of the " Zekes . "	Plur
The Warlocks is the debut EP by American neo-psychedelic rock band The Warlocks , released in 2000 by record label Bomp ! .	Plur
Reveley continued to work on the project with Bentham for the rest of the 1790s .	Plur
The SPS formed a government with Vojislav Šešelj 's Serbian Radical Party .	Plur
Her girlfriends manage to keep their I-told-you-so ’ s to themselves .	Plur
The second single was " Es tut immer noch weh " , which was released a few months after the album came out and reached No .	Plur
His forenames appear to have been given after Bishop Reginald Heber ( 1783-1826 ) , also an earlier rector of Hodnet .	Plur
The Old Etonians were able to prevent Blackburn from scoring in the second half , thus claiming the cup for the second time in three years .	Plur
Facets maintains facilities in Chicago , where it was founded by Milos Stehlik as a non-profit film organization .	Plur
Facets is a nationally-recognized conservator , publisher and distributor of films on DVD , including independent , art-house , classics , documentaries , and experimental films .	Plur
The Seven Sacraments refers to two series of paintings of the seven sacraments by the French painter Nicholas Poussin .	Plur
The Seven Sacraments of Nicolas Poussin is a play by Neil Bartlett inspired by the " Seven Sacraments " series of paintings by Nicolas Poussin .	Plur
Beams made his debut against Fremantle in Round 1 at the Gabba , with 13 disposals .	Plur
Villers sold the Manor of South Frith to one Dekins .	Plur
His strengths include his ability to attack from the wing with the ball creating shots for himself or teammates .	Plur
There are often significant hailstorms in Nepal at this time of year and on this occasion large hail began to lash the crowd causing some panic .	Plur
Eventually these dislocations will overcome these obstacles with sufficient stress and will quickly move to the next obstacle where they are stopped and the process can repeat .	Plur
Tolpia mons is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family .	Plur
" An Excellent Mystery " concludes : September was again September , mellowed and fruitful after the summer heat and drought .	Plur
The Crusades form an important part of the backdrop to the books .	Plur
Unlocked customizations can either allow for changes to be made in character appearance , such as clothing and skin tone , or upgrading weapon attributes .	Plur
Nate deduces that clues to Ubar 's location lie in Crusader crypts in a French chateau and a Syrian citadel .	Plur
Marlowe threatens Nate for the Ubar location .	Plur
Marlowe will still take any opportunity to belittle Drake and others that get in her way on a personal level on top of taking violent action . "	Plur
Instinctive or veteran DMs don 't usually have the problems this book tries to solve .	Plur
The Chichimecas came to rule here under King Xolotl ( Chichimec ruler ) starting around 1120 .	Plur
There are approximately 28 knolls : small pyramids buried , in which no archaeological work has been made .	Plur
The Tahitians lost the " French Tahitian War " making Tahiti and all the other islands belong to France .	Plur
Ballads is a compilation album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem that was released in Japan in 1999 .	Plur
The next day , Kearns scored his first NHL goal in the San Jose Sharks 3-1 victory over the Anaheim Ducks against goaltender Frederik Andersen .	Plur
As part of the agreement , Omega Advisers admitted no wrongdoing .	Plur
Spherical finials flank the bell tower at the corners of the building .	Plur
The shales and siltstones are grey in colour , and exhibit occasional bands of calcareous or sideritic nodules , shell-beds and cross-bedding .	Plur
Mascal Gyles ( died 1652 ) , was an English polemic .	Plur
Gyles was vicar of Ditchling , Sussex , from 1621 till about 1644 .	Plur
In 1941 , Odeon Theatres of Canada opened a new cinema chain to compete with Famous Players .	Plur
In 1939 there were about 3200 commercial bakeries across the country but by 1973 the figure stood at 1700 , while in 1981 there were 1400 .	Plur
By 1930 , " The Big Three " , meat packers in Canada were Canada Packers , Swift Canadian and P.Burns and Company in Calgary , Alberta .	Plur
To this day , snowmobiles remain popular in Canada and other regions with snowy winters .	Plur
Connaught Laboratories of Toronto developed a synthetic culture known as " medium 199 " , which enabled the mass production of this polio vaccine beginning in 1952 .	Plur
Microelectronics became a part of everyday life during this period .	Plur
Youth Speaks had worked with HBO ’ s Def Poetry for a few years , but the 2008 docu-series was the first direct relationship with HBO .	Plur
In 2009 , Youth Speaks and Young Chicago Authors created the MC Olympics " as a model to engage rappers in the poet community " .	Plur
Detectors like CDMS and similar experiments measure huge numbers of interactions within their detector volume in order to find the extremely rare WIMP events .	Plur
Neutrons would be able to interact with both silicon and germanium detectors with similar probability .	Plur
There are seven , 5-story atrium lobbies spaced throughout the tower with glass windows at each end .	Plur
Greater efficiencies and more modern equipment made it practical to close many of the 21 breweries shortly after the incorporation without relinquishing capacities .	Plur
The cameramen were Dal Clawson and Joseph B. Walker , who later gained fame as Hollywood director , Frank Capra 's main cinematographer .	Plur
Turns are on a side-by-side basis ; the player moves all of their characters before the AI is allowed to take its turn .	Plur
In addition , Mages are also most effective against Armor .	Plur
By AD 300 the Baths of Diocletian would cover , its soaring granite and porphyry sheltering 3,000 bathers a day .	Plur
Finnish saunas remain an integral and ancient part of the way of life there .	Plur
After a period of campaigning by many committees , the Public Baths and Wash-houses Act received royal assent on 26 August 1846 .	Plur
As with first class , all alcoholic beverages are complimentary and meals are of higher quality than economy class .	Plur
Samurai falconers also began to write falconry texts in the 16th century .	Plur
On January 4 , 1960 , Mathias declared his candidacy for the House seat of .	Plur
In the primary elections of May 1960 , Mathias handily defeated his two rivals , garnering a 3 – 1 margin of victory .	Plur
On the latter subcommittee , Mathias had more seniority than any other member .	Plur
All the peas produced in the second or hybrid generation were round .	Plur
All the peas of this F1 generation have an Rr genotype .	Plur
All the zygotes received one R allele ( from the round seed parent ) and one r allele ( from the wrinkled seed parent ) .	Plur
Full time 4WD , Anti-lock brakes and driver side airbag were available in TX trim .	Plur
Prior to the advent of mechanical refrigeration , brewers would dig cellars for lagering .	Plur
Missouri Fox Trotters stand high , and weigh between .	Plur
Fox Trotters may be any solid color or pinto .	Plur
Breeds that contributed to the Fox Trotter included the Arabian , Morgan , American Saddlebred , Tennessee Walking Horse and Standardbred .	Plur
As of 2009 there were approximately 600 Missouri Fox Trotters in Europe , with around 350 of these living in Germany .	Plur
The three best-known playwrights belonging to this genre are Menander , Philemon and Diphilus .	Plur
Some dramatists overlap into more than one period .	Plur
The officer 's jackets were unlaced , with 10 twist buttonholes placed in pairs .	Plur
A bachelors in biomedical sciences is available for undergraduate students .	Plur
His Harlem Globetrotters had strong NBA ties .	Plur
According to the memoirs of Bonch-Bruyevich , the mariners came by a barrel of pure alcohol and consumed it .	Plur
Even if this were not the case , the consuls chosen at the very birth of the Roman Republic may have been exceptions .	Plur
Gases are more difficult to measure than liquids , because measured volumes are highly affected by temperature and pressure .	Plur
The Cirencester & Stratton Bypass opened on 9 December 1997 .	Plur
There are three main paddocks , four feeding yards , five horse troughs , and a number of sandpits for the horses to roll in .	Plur
Contains assorted playing fields and changing rooms .	Plur
Bottomley had been the MP for abolished Woolwich West before 1983 .	Plur
Twelve different civilisations are available , which are each represented as they were at their apex .	Plur
According to the common and traditional judgement , new classical macroeconomics brought the inefficiency of economic policy into the limelight .	Plur
Most conceptions of the tunnel envision it between the United States and the United Kingdom ‒ or more specifically between New York City and London .	Plur
Professional APCs specialize in presenting antigen to T cells .	Plur
These peptides originate within the cell itself , in contrast to the exogenous antigen displayed by professional APCs using MHC class II molecules .	Plur
Pits normally pair up between adjacent cells .	Plur
Each possesses a unique weapon / tool in addition to a projectile launcher .	Plur
Among the mythologies stressed in the book is that of Fuxi , the emperor-god .	Plur
In 1914 , Henriques founded the Oxford and St George 's Club ; this later developed into the Bernhard Baron St George 's Jewish Settlement .	Plur
During his time as a magistrate , Henriques criticised the work of the NSPCC on a number occasions .	Plur
Basil Henriques was the author of several books , mostly concerned with the care of youth , including :	Plur
Henriques died on 2 December 1961 , aged 71 .	Plur
However , kudos should go to the Americans of KDS for , without their expertise , the dam would never have left the drawing board .	Plur
These industrial conglomerates have an important role in Brazilian exports of iron ore , steel , and cellulose ( Cenibra ) .	Plur
Toxic brown mudflows reached the Atlantic Ocean 17 days later .	Plur
Conners has announced two more novels following the success of Tesla Effect .	Plur
The BrahMos ( designated PJ-10 ) is a medium-range ramjet supersonic cruise missile that can be launched from submarine , ships , aircraft , or land .	Plur
Currently available microATX motherboards support CPUs from VIA , Intel or AMD .	Plur
Furthermore , most microATX motherboards generally use the same power connectors as ATX motherboards , thus permitting the use of full-size ATX power supplies with microATX boards .	Plur
The extensive shallows support a good crop of aquatic plants and invertebrates .	Plur
Within the bounds of Frankford exists an enclave known as Northwood .	Plur
Their kittens were more energetic and their post-operative death rate was lower .	Plur
As this process continues over many years ice wedges can grow , up to the size of a swimming pool .	Plur
Ice wedges usually appear in a polygonal pattern known as ice wedge polygons .	Plur
Active ice wedges are those that are still evolving and growing .	Plur
Inactive ice wedges are wedges that are no longer cracking and growing .	Plur
In areas of past permafrost , ice wedges have melted and are no longer filled with ice .	Plur
Syngenetic ice wedges may only form if the thermal contraction and subsequent ice-veinlet growth can keep pace with the addition of new material .	Plur
Anti-syngenetic ice wedges only form on slopes , where there is a net loss of materials erosion .	Plur
Anti-syngenetic ice wedges therefore only grow downwards , penetrating deeper into the soil only as the upper layers are removed by mass wasting and erosion .	Plur
On the " handle " part there are many upper-class condominiums , built in 2001 .	Plur
The sixteen consisted of four chief priests and their assistants .	Plur
The newly arrived and grateful Cumans gave the king more power ( and increased prestige with the Church for converting them ) but also caused more friction .	Plur
The nomadic Cumans did not easily integrate with the settled Hungarians and the nobles were shocked that the king supported the Cumans in quarrels between the two .	Plur
The Cumans believed that they had been betrayed , and left the country to the south , pillaging all the way .	Plur
Cortés immediately chose Andrés de Tapia Motelchiuh as his successor .	Plur
After on the right , there is the cross-roads that after will bring to the town of Iliochori .	Plur
Besides the above waggons , 3 were burnt after taking out the horses ; also all the huts and what baggage could not be brought off .	Plur
As the decades pass , old acquaintances comment that Felix has not aged a day .	Plur
The chasers can step out of the ground as long as they keep on one foot .	Plur
Over the following two days , however , the tropical cyclone 's rainbands were able to fully enclose the center of circulation .	Plur
Meteorologists indicated that the storm would be a threat to shipping in the immediate regions .	Plur
Drewe and Baker separated in 2006 .	Plur
The poachers were Private George E. Smith of Pittsburgh and Private Leonard S. Wijpacha of Detroit who were trespassing in the grounds of his estate .	Plur
Also according to plan , the Katipuneros would be spreading false news to create confusion among the Manila population .	Plur
The Katipuneros did not even reach the plant .	Plur
Face Facts is a 1980 album from glam rock band T. Roth and Another Pretty Face .	Plur
Bahrainis in London organized a small , but vocal protest starting from the Bahraini embassy to Downing Street .	Plur
However , the intermediaries proved to be con men who defrauded the cardinal and the jewelers .	Plur
By 2003 , Joost Mertens , a Dutch historian of science , had verified many of the findings that Ms. Ambrière-Fargeaud had made about Thilorier .	Plur
Developer Red Barrels have pointed to the survival-focused gameplay in " " as a primary influence on the combat-free narrative style of " Outlast " .	Plur
Goiás were the champion by the 24th time .	Plur
Specific affixes listed hereafter will list there variants .	Plur
If the verb is a compound , the infixes only go in the head	Plur
There are two future intent infixes .	Plur
There are also a few subjunctive infixes	Plur
As the fairies fly away , Hook swears revenge on them and is attacked by the baby crocodile , who has swallowed a clock .	Plur
Seychelles competed at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics from August 10 to August 18 in Moscow , Russia .	Plur
Religious and secular correspondents noted that only 3 women appeared at Lambeth Palace to support the ordination of women .	Plur
The Stewarts attempted to follow France and England in building up an artillery train .	Plur
At the 2004 census , these subdistricts had a total population of 91,124 .	Plur
Some sellers wish to have the opportunity to size up potential buyers and find out how keen they are and how much they are able to afford .	Plur
Often , high-end jewelers do not have price tags so that sales representatives can pitch items before the customer finds out the price .	Plur
In the 2012 – 13 season , Forney led the Eagles in scoring , finishing second in the league , with 79 points in 71 games .	Plur
The Heart Beats were an American all-female garage rock band , based in Lubbock , Texas , and founded around 1966 .	Plur
The Heart Beats were at the time one of just a few all-female rock and roll bands anywhere in the world .	Plur
Although they never signed a national recording contract , the Heart Beats became a popular regional attraction , and they stayed together until the 1980s .	Plur
The Warrens of Virginia is a 1924 drama film directed by Elmer Clifton .	Plur
In Belize , seaports secured their supplies and halted operations to ensure the safety of seafaring vessels and marine workers .	Plur
Further inland in Campeche , maximum 24-hour rainfall accumulations totaled no more than 0.95 inches ( 24 mm ) , and little damage was reported .	Plur
Karlite possesses moderate optical relief , the degree to which the mineral grains stand out from the mounting medium .	Plur
These flakes can get up to 0.2 mm across and around 5-10 µm thick .	Plur
In 2015 , the Clarkes moved back to Hopkins County to be closer to their children and grandchildren .	Plur
Refractive indices are a ratio of the speed of light in a median with respect to the speed of light passing through the mineral .	Plur
Later , Strickland discards Blanche ( he only accepted her because he wanted to study the female form ) , and she commits suicide .	Plur
The flies often feed on the spider 's catches before the spider wraps them .	Plur
The Warrens of Virginia can refer to :	Plur
Short term grand viziers were ineffective in solving the problems of the empire .	Plur
Khanapur is nearest town to Karambal which is approximately 3km away .	Plur
These dresses are usually worn to special occasions and weddings .	Plur
The brewers from 1882 remained , but as Coleclough & Palmer .	Plur
According to her , white-on-black hoaxes are the most likely to receive media attention and to cause social and economics problems .	Plur
CIM Banks ' private bankers speak 18 languages :	Plur
Pencils were of made candle wax , the satchels were made of cloth or nylon .	Plur
Graphs that contain cycles may represent recursive expressions which are commonly used to express iteration in functional programming languages without looping constructs .	Plur
To this day , caretakers remain due to the historical significance of the town .	Plur
Clips are usually metal or plastic and similar to the clips found on pens except thicker .	Plur
Clips allow the knife to be easily accessible , while keeping it lint-free and unscathed by pocket items such as coins .	Plur
Some angiosperms were also present .	Plur
These pitfalls have led to the development of antisense RNA therapies that target the DNMTs by degrading their mRNAs and preventing their translation .	Plur
In " E. coli " , these pilus operons have important roles in virulence in urinary tract infections .	Plur
Slim skirts were economical because they used less fabric .	Plur
Hobble skirts were directly responsible for several deaths .	Plur
Over time , money market fund " depositors " felt more and more secure , and not really at risk .	Plur
Regis later gave this weapon to Catti-brie to assist her in her search for Drizzt in the Underdark .	Plur
Regis hoped to slow their travels enough so that his companions , who were pursuing , might catch up .	Plur
The Deer Park ratepayers objected on the increases of taxation .	Plur
The baffles is the area in the water directly behind a submarine or ship through which a hull-mounted sonar cannot hear .	Plur
Loricariid catfishes have evolved several modifications of their digestive tracts that function as accessory respiratory organs or hydrostatic organs .	Plur
Two prefectures — Miyazaki and Tokushima — do not have any National Treasures .	Plur
Following the September 11 attacks , caretakers of the shrine denounced extremist and exclusivist interpretations of Islam .	Plur
The shrine 's hereditary caretakers , or " diwan " , eventually began to assert themselves as political administrators by operating a network of forts and devotee-soldiers .	Plur
Henry Ferrers , 2nd Baron Ferrers ( c.1303-15 Sep 1343 ) was the son of William Ferrers , 1st Baron Ferrers of Groby and his wife Ellen .	Plur
Henry Ferrers was active in royal service from early on .	Plur
Fownes died on 4 October 1731 and was buried at Brixham .	Plur
Since the 1430s , Ladislaus Szécsényi gradually gained his inheritance .	Plur
Three cinematographers worked in " Kayamkulam Kochunni " — Binod Pradhan , Nirav Shah , and Sudheer Palsane .	Plur
The Mapuches may have buried the body and then made up an accusation about an alleged forced disappearance in order to advance their political agenda .	Plur
The eversible proboscis bears a pair of large jaws and is about a quarter of the length of the whole organism .	Plur
During the Bronze Age , the Minoans practiced several sports , including wrestling , bull jumping , acrobatics , and boxing .	Plur
Wrestlers from New Japan Pro-Wrestling ( NJPW ) — with which ROH has a partnership — also will appear on the card .	Plur
Wrestlers portrayed villains or heroes as they followed a series of events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches .	Plur
The Taínos , natives of the Greater Antilles , built their lives around the seasonality , frequency and power of storms .	Plur
Celismar dos Santos Marins ( born 1 January 1986 ) , commonly known as Preto , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Santos .	Plur
This reissued collection assembles 25 tracks cut by three pre-Slade acts to provide what is , undoubtedly , an essential document for Slade obsessives .	Plur
His pleas fell on deaf ears : " he was grabbed , kicked in the stomach , and thrown down the stairs . "	Plur
The Tritons were also in their second final , having also been the national runners up in 2010 .	Plur
In 2014 Ak Bars became the first bank in Russia to apply Sharia banking .	Plur
Wildflowers are abundant , with more than 50-types found within the boundaries of Rock Glen Conservation Area .	Plur
Multiple roof tiers are important element of the Thai temple .	Plur
There are three primitive campgrounds .	Plur
The Demon Sorcerers are a group of ancient demons who once ruled the Earth in ancient times .	Plur
His roars also sound similar to the roars of the Tyrannosaurus of the Jurassic Park films .	Plur
The TVs would show various programs and advertisements .	Plur
Passing freighters in the river come very close to the light .	Plur
In September 2013 , Conestoga Wood Specialties successfully appealed the ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court , which consolidated the case with Burwell v. Hobby Lobby .	Plur
His 155 strikeouts were a new career high .	Plur
After coming up from Lisbon , the Anglo-Portuguese fought a skirmish with the French at the Battle of Grijó on 11 May .	Plur
But after the start of the second half , Veres only could manage to finish 12th .	Plur
Dawe was a founding member of Breakwater Books , the province 's first publishing house .	Plur
Dawe also taught English at Memorial University of Newfoundland .	Plur
Keyboards , strings and acoustic guitars abound , and even a pedal steel makes an appearance on " Phone Sex " .	Plur
Past jackpots have included a truck and cash prizes up to $ 20,000 .	Plur
But it is the shadows created by her works that reveal the integral connection between the sculpture and the room it occupies .	Plur
His four shutouts in a single playoff season in 1937 is a Rangers record ( since tied by Mike Richter ) .	Plur
The S3-S4 linkers of Cav1.2 determine the gating phenotype and modulated gating kinetics of the channel .	Plur
Eleven years after the attacks , Corrections announced it would be offering Susan Couch $ 300,000 in punitive damages .	Plur
How accidental are our existences are really , and how full of influence by circumstance . ”	Plur
Bermudians had also provided important cadres of skilled settlers to the settlement of other southern colonies , including Georgia and Florida .	Plur
Many Bermudians earned fortunes handling supplies to the South , or , like Thomas Leslie Outerbridge , crewing blockade runners .	Plur
beta blockers and nifedipine ) have developed minor transient conduction defects when given Prajmaline .	Plur
[ 5 ] Untreated arrhythmias may progress to atrial fibrillation or ventricular fibrillation .	Plur
Made-to-order garments require measurements to be taken , but these do not need to be converted into national standard form .	Plur
flavorings and seasonings between 1889 / rebuilt 1922 to 1989 was located facing Light Street at Conway Street , opposite the Inner Harbor .	Plur
If the young fascists seem absurd with their chanting of ' Duce !	Plur
Gimbels emulated other holiday parades already in existence .	Plur
As a consequence when an acute ischemic event happens during the active phase , monocytes are more susceptible to invade the heart .	Plur
Emily Jayne Cummins ( born 11 February 1987 ) is an English inventor and entrepreneur .	Plur
Filmmakers made films like " Posti " , " Do Lachhian " and " Bhangra " with some success but were not able to revive Punjabi cinema .	Plur
Dedicated Work Surfaces , the sequence , organization and ergonomic order in kitchen planning into limited task-driven areas , developed this understanding further .	Plur
Premises are not in short supply .	Plur
Ballistics is a futuristic racing computer game developed by Grin and published by Xicat Interactive in 2001 .	Plur
Heat builds up from acceleration and from collisions .	Plur
" Ballistics " supports multiplayer gameplay for up to eight players across a LAN or internet .	Plur
Ballistics 2003 , launched in early 2003 , incorporated Triotech 's MadWave Motion motion simulator technology into the cabinet .	Plur
Ils ( born Illian Walker ) is an English musician and producer , who has released records on labels including Marine Parade and Distinct 'ive Records .	Plur
Ils started his production career on LTJ Bukem 's drum and bass label , Good Looking Records .	Plur
Ils album " Soul Trader " represented a more even sound , with few particularly energetic or downbeat tracks .	Plur
The first vacationing noblemen visited the local beaches in 1814 .	Plur
Retro Slashers wrote , " The film has heart .	Plur
The Western Fells are a group of hills in the English Lake District .	Plur
The Western Fells are one of these divisions , covered by volume 7 of Wainwright 's work .	Plur
The Western Fells rise gradually from the Cumbrian coastal plain , Wainwright excluding some of the lower specimens nearest the sea .	Plur
The Western Fells form the southern wall of the Buttermere valley and the northern fence of Wasdale .	Plur
Certain distributions like Mandriva have included this software in their commercial Linux distributions , and Dell is now preinstalling it on their Ubuntu systems .	Plur
The Norwegian thriller TV-series " Taxi ( " 2011 ) has been Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen ’ s most noted international success .	Plur
The TV-series won " Best TV-drama " in Norway 2012 , in Gullruten .	Plur
Pyrocystis fusiformis is a non-motile , tropical , epipelagic , marine dinoflagellate ( flagellate microorganisms ) , reaching lengths of up to 1 mm .	Plur
P. fusiformis is non-motile , which is a characteristic of all members of family Pyrocystaceae , which lose their flagellum by the time these organisms are adults .	Plur
" P. fusiformis " is autotrophic , deriving their energy from the sun through photosynthesis .	Plur
" P. fusiformis " will only photosynthesize during daylight hours and mostly produce bioluminescence during night because of their circadian rhythm which controls both processes .	Plur
" P. fusiformis " has a full life cycle of approximately 5 – 7 days and reproduces asexually .	Plur
" P. fusiformis " occurs most frequently at a depth of 60 and 100 meters in marine waters , tropical and subtropical bays and also oligotrophic waters .	Plur
Disciplines include orchestra , choir , jazz band , modern dance , and visual arts .	Plur
Port-Louis ( ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France .	Plur
CDPs are geographical areas designated by the U.S. Census Bureau for the purposes of compiling demographic data .	Plur
Neither CDPs nor villages are actual jurisdictions under Pennsylvania law and their territory is legally part of the township ( s ) where they are located .	Plur
Prosecutions under the Act are rare .	Plur
Ahmadis denounce the usage of a sword or any other form of coercion as a method of the propagation of the Islamic faith .	Plur
These recognitions include annual awards and election to Fellow membership .	Plur
By the 1950s , Olympic skiers like Stein Erickson were performing front and back aerial somersaults during professional ski shows in Vermont and Colorado .	Plur
Acrobatics were key to the success of the first extreme skiing movies , produced for Hart by Summit Films .	Plur
In the late 1990s , Eatons closed .	Plur
Medical regimens have included tamoxifen , progesterone , bromocriptine , the gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist leuprorelin , and testosterone .	Plur
Also , larger bras are more costly , challenging to find , and unflattering to the wearer .	Plur
Ill-fitting bras with narrow straps can cause chronic irritation , redness , and indentations in the shoulders .	Plur
Mac confirms this , but says that Peyton was on call & he is with her .	Plur
Mac asks for Flack 's memo book to determine which officer was the culprit .	Plur
Atrocitus locates and attacks Hand , believing the black power literally lies within his body .	Plur
There are crossbands on the legs , this may cause confusion with similar looking " Mixophyes " frogs .	Plur
The Palas appear to have posed no resistance either .	Plur
The Thrashers opted not to re-sign him , and Berkhoel signed with the Buffalo Sabres during the offseason preceding the 2006 – 07 season .	Plur
Technicians involved in system administration might also work with networking hardware , including routers , switches , fiber optics , and wireless networks .	Plur
Yellow-green vireos feed on insects gleaned from tree foliage , favoring caterpillars and beetles .	Plur
After two strikeouts , Ryan Klesko 's home run made it 3 – 0 .	Plur
The Federalists argued for a constitutional convention to examine the state 's grievances but was unable to counter the grassroots campaign of the Dominion League .	Plur
Salt crusts form from the repeated capillary rise of salty groundwater , followed by evaporation .	Plur
Besides apple and pear orchards , there are vineyards and other establishments producing peaches and a variety of other fruits and vegetables .	Plur
154 junk-copper U.S. pennies contain a full pound of .950 fine copper .	Plur
These ballrooms continued a national tradition of sponsoring contests where dancers invented , tested and displayed new steps for prizes .	Plur
In January 1984 , the Jiving Lindy Hoppers started teaching Lindy Hop in London .	Plur
In 1999 , Talley released his first Christmas album called " Talley Ho , Ho , Ho ! " .	Plur
Talley refused to do so , and contacted the FBI and they collaborated to arrest Farmer .	Plur
Heart malformations also result from the loss of cardiac neural crest cells , which normally contribute to the cardiac outflow tract and innervation of the heart .	Plur
His blunders are many and varied .	Plur
The Wallachians had the Turks surrounded and fired with their handgunners until the entire expedition-force was killed .	Plur
The Wallachians rushed to the scene with 7,000 men and managed to defend the town , while wounding Stephen in his foot by artillery fire .	Plur
The torturers hacked off limbs joint by joint , tore flesh with red hot tongs , and used drugs to enslave the minds of the victims .	Plur
Converts began to be harassed without official edicts in the late 1820s , by local governments .	Plur
Pewsey attended Southend High School for Boys and was a founder member of Southend Action Group for the Arts .	Plur
Rooks said he used testosterone and amphetamines during his 13-year career .	Plur
Simões is the author of ten books in power electronics , renewable energy , microgrids and smartgrids .	Plur
All wet wipes sold as " flushable " in the UK have so far failed the water industry 's disintegration tests , the BBC has found .	Plur
Synonymous substitutions lead to amino acid preservation or conservative mutations with similar physico-chemical properties such as size and hydrophobicity are strongly prevalent .	Plur
The Grasshoppers have appeared in 21 grand finals , winning twelve ; the most recent in 2008 .	Plur
Liquid crystalline elastomers ( LCEs ) are slightly crosslinked liquid crystalline polymer networks .	Plur
Due to their actuation properties , liquid crystalline elastomers are attractive candidates for the use as artificial muscles in microrobots .	Plur
The Bloods have appeared in 14 grand finals , winning six ; the most recent in 2007 .	Plur
Endangered reptiles include green sea turtle ( " Chelonia mydas " ) and hawksbill sea turtle ( " Eretmochelys imbricata " ) .	Plur
Most Triassic pterosaurs are small .	Plur
The earliest known pterosaurs are from the late Triassic Period and provide insights into the origin and diversification of the group .	Plur
206 Crores and the area of the campus is 133 acres .	Plur
Endangered amphibians include blunt-headed salamander ( " Ambystoma amblycephalum " ) and red-spotted Argentina frog ( " Argenteohyla siemersi " ) .	Plur
Portfolios of her original designs in watercolors from the 1720s through 1756 have survived and are now in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum .	Plur
Announcers were Charles O 'Connor and Paul Douglas .	Plur
The Marshes of Glynn Libraries is a public library system consisting of two branches serving Glynn County , Georgia .	Plur
Adolescents who have greater future orientation are less likely to be delinquent , use drugs , or have school-related problems .	Plur
As an indicator of emotional health , self-esteem allows people to pay attention to current and future-oriented tasks .	Plur
Ross 's triplets develop an interest in soccer .	Plur
United States Virgin Islands Mangroves are flowering trees that occupy the majority of the wetlands in the Virgin Islands .	Plur
" Myrcianthes fragrans " can grow up to 6.096 m ( 20 ft ) in length , the plant may grow as a shrub or small tree .	Plur
Stadiums must have a capacity of at least 40,000 for group-round matches and at least 80,000 for the opening match and the final .	Plur
PMCs contain about 60 percent reinforcing fiber by volume .	Plur
The Levellers included a cover of the song on their 1994 EP , " Julie " .	Plur
In 2004 , Poley rejoined the band .	Plur
Destinations included the Wiltern in Los Angeles , The Warfield in San Francisco , and other cities and venues .	Plur
By this time , rival FC Malines , later called KV Mechelen , was playing in second division .	Plur
In May 2018 , the author Zinzi Clemmons publicly confronted Díaz , alleging that he had once forcibly cornered and kissed her .	Plur
Pocket-coil mattresses are generally higher in quality than spring or foam mattresses .	Plur
Pocket-coil mattresses are thicker than standard sofa bed mattresses , starting from 7 " and going up to 10 " for a premium product .	Plur
Charters learned about Lightnin 's whereabouts from a cousin in New Orleans and was told to look for him in Houston .	Plur
Charters also wrote the sleeve notes for the CD at the Mansfield Centre , Conn . 1990 .	Plur
Arguments begin , as everybody has been encouraged to always say exactly what is on their mind , and soon a riot starts .	Plur
The Stylistics is the debut album recorded by American R & B group The Stylistics , released in November 1971 on the Avco record label .	Plur
The Sprites do their best to help them , but Johnny , however , finds a way to bring his song together by integrating Root 's dadoots .	Plur
The Sprites and the What ? / Doctor Basil-Johnny is cooking dinner for Gwen , but then he loses his colander .	Plur
Then , watermelons go missing from Johnny 's garden and Seymour unravels the mystery with the help of Johnny and the Sprites .	Plur
The Sprites decide to make rules to keep the Grove running smoothly .	Plur
The Sprites hurry to find a cure in time for Johnny to attend a formal dance with his friend Gwen .	Plur
With Sage 's permission , the Sprites give Johnny a gift and learn the true meaning of the holiday season .	Plur
On their way to a picnic , Johnny , the Sprites and Gwen encounter a Bridge Troll ( Christian Borle ) .	Plur
At the 2015 arrondissements reform it was expanded with several communes from the arrondissements of Guebwiller and Thann .	Plur
Other McMurdo Station airfields include the Ice Runway ( October to December ) and Pegasus Field used in August and December through to February of each season .	Plur
The Coffins were the parents of Lucretia Coffin Mott .	Plur
School socials were a regular event and , on 8 December 1975 Australian band Cold Chisel performed at the school .	Plur
These large shearwaters are among those that have been separated into the genus " Ardenna " .	Plur
The Undertones is the 1979 debut album by The Undertones .	Plur
The prisoner functionaries sometimes numbered as high as 10 % of the inmates .	Plur
These functionaries pushed their fellow prisoners , hitting and beating them , even killing them .	Plur
Prisoner functionaries could often help other prisoners by getting them into better barracks or getting them assigned to lighter work .	Plur
On occasion , the functionaries could effect other prisoners ' removal from transport lists or even secure new identities in order to protect them from persecution .	Plur
The prisoner functionaries were in a precarious hierarchy between their fellow inmates and the SS .	Plur
If a player swings at the ball while driving and misses it does not count as a stroke .	Plur
Guitarists typically toggle the device with the picking hand while sustaining the last note or chord of a passage .	Plur
Guitarists nicknamed the device “ whammy bar ” in honor of Mack 's early demonstration of skill with it in " Wham !	Plur
In 1642 , three lamas , from the north , west , and south went in search for the chosen person .	Plur
Mints in territories conquered by Alexander the Great struck coins with the types he used in Macedon but marked with a local symbol .	Plur
The electronic leanings do remain on the album , however , alongside other styles such as funk , ambient and the band 's ongoing krautrock influence .	Plur
Tortoise showcased their musicians ' talents with an improviser 's bent . "	Plur
Our glimpses of Apu ’ s sleaziness and culture are entertaining , and the ' Who Needs the Kwik-E-Mart ? '	Plur
Poley joined the group Danger Danger as its lead vocalist and bandleader .	Plur
Some drifts may linger into summer .	Plur
Due to harsh winters and a relative dearth of food sources , the subalpine harbors limited native animal species .	Plur
However , efficiencies of some systems may reach above 95 % .	Plur
Gloves should be worn while examining it .	Plur
66 diverges carrying the former alignment of I-40 BL , before intersecting US 89 .	Plur
Emir makes straw yellow color wines with green reflections that has a green apple , kiwi , lemon and orange aroma on the nose .	Plur
Emir doesn 't match with oak barrel and generally should be consumed in 1 – 2 years .	Plur
In 1956 , Salinas and spouse Pedro Plascencia gave birth to a son , Pedro Plascencia Salinas .	Plur
The Monkees : Original Album Series is a CD set by The Monkees which includes the first five albums by The Monkees .	Plur
Active influencers include tech blogger , Chris Pirillo , professional surfer , Anastasia Ashley , and American Idol star , Kayden Stephenson .	Plur
Until 2003 , most musicologists believed that Bach wrote the Magnificat for his first Christmas in Leipzig .	Plur
The sopranos sing it twice , reaching first E-flat , then G. The interplay of the fanfare and the melismas shapes the movement .	Plur
Nature adepts can participate in recreative fishing with or without guide .	Plur
In 1990 , The Rhinos opened the clubhouse at White Hart Lane .	Plur
The cannibals ambush them at the church while Rick and a small group try to find them at the school .	Plur
The bullpen allowed some runs but the team held on for a 4 – 3 win .	Plur
The bullpen finished with an MLB-best 1.52 ERA for the month of June .	Plur
Pujols provided levity when he then joined in the booing .	Plur
Lackey gave up just one run with eight strikeouts while allowing one walk and two hits .	Plur
