" The New York Times " described the first Kishinev pogrom :	4
3rd place match Best of 21 legs	5
It included territories of eastern Polesia and consisted of 15 raions .	4
The fundamental divergence between politics proper and the police , says Rancière , is their respective representations of the common .	6
In 2006 Arad released his fifth solo album , " Good Friends " ( Birdsong , Israel ) .	3
Ahmed Sofa ( , ; 30 June 194328 July 2001 ) was a Bangladeshi writer , thinker , novelist , poet , and public intellectual .	4
She also acted opposite M. G. Ramachandran for the first time in " Baghdad Thirudan " .	3
Parnell decides to go back to the lab to see if he can work on improving their relationship .	7
The Late Late Bus is a weekend night transport service between Nelson and Richmond .	4
On the morning of the 27th , Captain James using his spy glass spotted a predetermined distress signal at Boston Light on Little Brewster Island .	7
Mxyzptlk 's disappointment is short-lived , as he then comes up with a plan to cause chaos in the DC Universe by sending the Looney Tunes there .	7
Saravanan enters as the cook appointed by Madhava Gounder ( Ilavarasu ) .	6
Major airports are : Kiev Boryspil Airport , Dnipropetrovsk Airport , Kharkiv Airport , Lviv Airport , Donetsk Airport , Odessa Airport , and Simferopol Airport .	3
In an agricultural-warrior society , the genre is the epic , an " Iliad " .	3
Muslims constitute a majority in Northern Region and a large minority in Upper West Region and Upper East Region .	6
It lies approximately north-east of Świątki and north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
His mother was , in many ways , instrumental in his ability to pursue art as a vocation .	6
Zabrodzie ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Because of this , employers not only need to be aware , but also need to establish and follow a formal written policy for paid time off .	7
She is totally dependent on him as he himself was once totally dependent on her .	4
" Fuerzas Armadas de la Resistencia Nacional	6
It was founded by Grace Communications , a consortium of members of Peoria 's Grace Presbyterian Church .	7
The film stars Maika Monroe , Maggie Grace , Justin Chatwin , Mark Webber , Logan Miller , Will Patton , and Brad Carter .	3
The report issued by UN Women found 24.1 % of , or 7 out of the 29 Australian ministers were women .	7
Anqi holds an important place in the Taiqing and Shangqing Schools .	6
He married his wife , the former Joan Roth , in a Jewish ceremony on November 21 , 1942 .	3
Gen. John Adams were ordered to chase down a Union cavalry raid that eventually ran lengthwise through the center of Mississippi .	7
He then got the name of Islam Sultan Abdullah al-Islam Awwal .	7
The novel follows the young Fergus O 'Brien , who lives and works with his tenant family on a potato farm in Ireland .	7
The percentage pie chart on the lower right gives a visual view and specific numbers for the partisan divide in each House .	6
The cover art and internal illustrations were drawn by Asuka Pyon , the artist who drew the artwork in the visual novel .	6
He published 1846 in the Bulletin of the Proceedings of the National Institute for the Promotion of Science a treatise “ On the Chinese language ” .	5
Schmidhuber explicitly distinguishes between beauty and interestingness .	5
She swam for Finland at the 1996 and 2000 Olympics .	6
The origin of the ' Pixie ' series is a mystery .	5
The tour was to promote " Big Brain Academy Wii " .	5
) , " Handbook of evolutionary psychology " ( pp .	4
In a beautiful hidden meadow , they fly the kites that day in the clear winter sky , while eating the older cousin 's Christmas oranges .	7
He shared design formulas , however , and acted as a consultant throughout development .	5
Pobórze ( ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Otry ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
1 ) Individuals from Iowa and many other states had completed Ashford 's online Bachelor of Arts in Social Science with a Concentration in Education .	5
In an interview , John Szarkowski describes his first encounter with the young Eggleston in 1969 as being " absolutely out of the blue " .	3
Pupation takes place in a green pupa with white stripes , which is attached to a twig or leaf of the host plant .	7
It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Silver St. George .	5
He later re-signed with the Taipans on 23 June 2015 to a three-year deal .	3
" Eremophila obovata " is a compact shrub growing to a height of between with many branches arising from ground level .	7
( Lance Archer and Davey Boy Smith , Jr . ) , Manabu Nakanishi and Strongman and finally Shelton Benjamin and MVP .	3
Several encyclicals addressed the Eastern Catholic Churches .	4
On 5 July 1948 , three prisoners were killed by prison authorities after a failed escape attempt .	3
In California , fox squirrels feed on English walnuts ( " J. regia " ) , oranges , avocados , strawberries , and tomatoes .	3
She hears the helicopter from the game flying pass .	3
Leon believes that he is the prophesied one .	3
In 120 BC , Marius was returned as plebeian tribune for the following year .	3
He also continued to release singles on mostly small record labels .	6
He posted his own online cooking show titled " Action in the Kitchen " .	4
( The two volumes were subsequently published together by Bloomsbury Publishing in 2003 , as " Both " . )	3
Tsung Yeh was awarded the Cultural Medallion 2013 , the highest award given in the field of the arts in Singapore .	7
The original score displays used a rotating designation for " One Hundred " , " Two Hundred " , etc .	3
The Naudari is used as a bridge .	3
The film stars Johnny Mack Brown , Claire Rochelle , Dick Curtis , Horace Murphy , Frank LaRue and Ed Cassidy .	3
Klinger vociferously denied , " I ain 't any of those things !	5
According to director Vern Gillum , " J. August Richards is terrified by rats , just like his character .	3
The Ciyou Temple is just past the east end of the market .	3
The winner of the quarter-finals qualified .	3
He reigned from February 12 , 1874 , until his death in San Francisco , California , on January 20 , 1891 .	3
Thirteen species have been recorded in North Dakota .	3
There lived a brother and sister who loved to play with balloons .	6
The three were connected by their experimental , entertaining , and innovative art .	5
" Ministry of National Education ( France )	3
Beginning in the 1960s , the company began to secure contracts to provide parts for jet engines .	7
He was a significant contributor to the Dada and Surrealist movements , although his ties to each were informal .	5
" Lakshmi Vilasam Renuka Makan Raghuram	5
Information is encoded to give meaning and compared with stored information .	6
He had four sons : Lucius , the father of the emperor , had a distinguished military career , and was consul in AD 34 .	6
For every 100 females , there were 99.3 males .	3
Louis University for purpose of rooms housing the Vatican Film Library and for conferences .	7
The result is referred to as a inbred hybrid strain .	3
No points are awarded for a loss .	3
In a 2007 NPR interview , band members Jiro Yamaguchi and Ulises Bella describe Ozomatli :	5
The merger closed two days later , with the company becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of AT & T under the renamed parent company WarnerMedia .	7
It is this that makes their fine and shining ink .	7
The drawings are estimated to be between 500 and 800 years old , and portray animals , people and fantastic creatures , possibly stylised reptiles .	5
It lies approximately south of Przystajń , south-west of Kłobuck , and north of the regional capital Katowice .	7
During these three conflicts , the Fairford was the home to B-52s , along with the B-1 Lancer , and KC-135 aircraft , and their support personnel .	3
At its core is a large " podium " containing the academic and administrative buildings .	6
She rose to fame becoming an independent director with " Slum Bala " ( 2008 ) .	7
Among numerous company towns planned and built for these purposes were Corner Brook and Grand Falls in Newfoundland , Témiscaming and Fermont in Quebec .	6
The capacitor stores a larger amount of charge on the device for a given voltage on the electrode .	7
This included equipment acquired from the private companies that built the first railways in Victoria .	7
The film stars Michael Whalen , Jean Muir , Slim Summerville , Charles Winninger , John Carradine and Jane Darwell .	3
According to the pact , the True Cross would be given back to Heraclius , and all Byzantine territory that the Persians had captured would be evacuated .	4
For " The Third Man " , Karas tuned the zither a semi-tone lower , giving a particularly distinctive tone to the contrabass strings .	5
The film was advertised in numerous states , including theaters in Indiana , Kansas , and New York ,	6
Right from the definition of the differential , all boundaries are cycles .	5
There are a few cases where Finnish collation is different from the rules applied in English :	6
Jens completed successfully his education as in actor in the Center for Film and Television in Cologne .	7
Coley was known as a mixologist who enjoyed creating new drinks .	6
For example , the equation for the invariant interval formula _ 18 в in the Schwarzschild solution has the form	3
No one knows the meaning of ' fairness ' .	4
The Canada Council for the Arts funds and administers the awards .	4
It was founded in 1949 and brings together French and Tunisian Muslims , Christians and Jews .	3
Just what exactly was entailed in this primacy , and its being exercised , would become a matter of controversy at certain later times .	5
She was on the Connecticut Women Suffrage Association 's Executive Board in 1918 .	3
Socks : Sky Blue / Green / Red	6
Related to the moment-generating function are a number of other transforms that are common in probability theory :	5
They lived in sedentary towns , so pottery , used to store water and grain , was ubiquitous .	7
In the Riemannian case one uses " F " ( " x " , ξ ) = " g " ( " x " ) ξξ .	3
Each left-handed tertiary supertwist removes a single , now " undesirable " right-handed Watson-Crick secondary twist .	3
She won also the title Best Promising in Best Model of Turkey pageant in 2005 .	7
In 2003 , Lo left TVB and started to focusing on acting and making commercials in Mainland China .	7
The Medikidz Foundation is now due to increase the work they are doing in poorer countries , funded by the commercial arm of the business .	6
The larvae feed on " Carya " species , including " Carya illinoinensis " , but also on " Diospyros " and " Quercus " species .	3
It was Lapalme 's second ( and final ) loss in a row as Liberal leader .	3
Night hawks , purple martins , wild waterfowl , fledgling gulls , etc .	3
The larvae feed on " Clausena anisata " , " Fagaropsis " species , Rutaceaea , " Teclea " species , and " Fagara macrophylla " .	3
" The Rescuers " 35th Anniversary Edition ( " The Rescuers " / " The Rescuers Down Under " ) 2012	3
The population density was .	3
Part of the city inhabitants works in agriculture and bovine growth .	4
" State Records of South Australia	3
In the Nile Valley , Sudan used its MiG-19S fighters against separatists in southern Sudan .	3
After her death , he married Rachel Britton , and they raised nine children .	4
Transformers cannot be used to probe direct currents ( DC ) .	5
The Grijalva and Cortés expeditions were both received peacefully by the Maya of Cozumel , unlike the expeditions ’ experiences on other parts of the mainland .	5
In " The Grudge 2 , " he is briefly seen in a video Eason is watching .	3
Developers acquire new plots of land from local governments and are mandated to construct something more or less immediately .	7
The village has a population of 1,150 .	4
The Yesha Council is the umbrella organization of the various municipal councils ( local , regional , and cities ) which represent Jews in the area .	6
Vinpearl Land lies on the Hòn Tre island which was originally used as a jail in the past .	6
The college merged with Cricklade College , Andover in 2007 .	6
A sparse ruler is called " optimal " if it is both minimal and maximal .	4
In the new century , Adventists membership continued to increase , and worldwide , members began to use YouTube and other Internet media to communicate .	7
Treisman used failures of binding to shed light on its underlying mechanisms .	7
He became known as a popular sympathizer of spiritism in Italy .	5
He also won the European Madison Championships in 1981 and 1983 ( with Hans Henrik Ørsted ) and in 1985 ( with René Pijnen ) .	4
Characters in Avernum have access to over 60 different spells and battle disciplines .	5
Adams played 28 games with the Lions from 1954 to 1955 , catching 53 receptions for 834 yards .	4
She is the first Church of England diocesan bishop to have been trained on a part-time course rather than at a residential theological college .	7
Other Scouting organizations were established by the " Indonesia Scouts " in 1916 .	3
The Hamptons got their first win in franchise history at home against the Delaware Smash , 22 – 21 , on July 14 , 2000 .	3
He finished his collegiate career as the leader in Georgetown history in assists , with 671 .	3
Many of the individual ethnic groups also considered itself the progeny of its national gods .	4
Oscaro.com specialises in the sale of new and genuine automotive parts from manufacturers and wholesalers .	6
Malinowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Large wheels combined with a short wheelbase allowed for a tight turning circle and good ground clearance .	7
By the time the riots were over , 19 Jews had been killed and 56 were injured .	3
Ledda is captured by the police , and between his worsening mental condition , and his gunshot wound , is bed-ridden and in poor health .	3
The section awards the Marian Mięsowicz Prize for outstanding achievements in the field of physics .	4
In a 1995 letter to " New Scientist " , J.A .	3
In Worksop , the river was used to power mills for centuries .	3
and using formula _ 17 one can write	7
Gertrude Stein 's personality has dominated the provenance of the Stein art legacy .	5
The game also emphasized storytelling , with plot twists and extensive character dialogues , taking place in a futuristic science fiction setting .	6
The wing replaced its propeller-driven RB-29s with new Boeing B-47E Stratojet swept-wing medium bombers in October 1953 and was redesignated as the 68th Bombardment Wing .	5
Nunez , Neyrat , Alocco , Asis , Belleudy , Blaine , Bory , Chubac , Fejer , Monticelli and Vardánega .	3
He received his BS and MS at Emory University in 1972 and 1973 and his Ph.D. at Stanford University in 1976 under advisor Donald	4
Soon afterwards , on 23 December 1798 , Ferdinand fled Naples to Palermo , Sicily as a French army closed in .	3
The median age was 36 years .	3
Bieber premiered an acoustic version of the song on MuchMusic .	5
2008 : VP Bank receives banking licence in Singapore	5
Zwierzyniec ( ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Two centres were given special prominence : Parramatta , in the geographic centre of the Sydney Basin , and Campbelltown , in the south-west .	4
The conflict dealt with the practice of Tayammum .	5
The film stars Cameron Palatas , Dalpre Grayer , Alexandria DeBerry , Milena Govich , Colby French , Lawrence Saint-Victor , Jon Gries , and Anne Winters .	3
Oterki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The film gained mostly positive reviews .	5
The population was 968 at the 2010 census .	3
Melampus also figures in the tale of King Midas , the pleasure-loving King of Phrygia .	6
One species has been recorded in North Dakota .	3
Bulgaria , Belarus , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland , Romania , Russia , Ukraine and Yugoslavia each fielded contingents .	3
Her age was not known .	3
Gardner originally suggested the title " Tomorrow Always Comes " .	3
He currently plays for CA Batna in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .	4
In May 1988 , the Senate voted 93-to-5 in favor of ratifying the INF Treaty .	5
The Cardinals then lost Game Seven the very next day , and with it the Series , which they had been leading three games to one .	6
On 27 February 2014 , Lingard joined another Championship club , Brighton & Hove Albion , on a 93-day loan .	3
The article focuses on work done with a number of local bands and artists .	7
The castle is open to visitors year round .	3
In 2017 Heather was awarded the Jellinek Memorial Award .	4
The ceremony was produced by Antonio Guzmán , while Mexican singer Ninel Conde and Cuban American actor William Levy hosted the show .	6
Ricinuleid pedipalps are complex appendages .	3
Her fiance is David Gubser , a Swiss kayaker .	3
He is one of the inventors of the board game Blitzkrieg .	5
It took place at the Madrid Arena in Madrid , Spain , from October 16 through October 23 , 2006 .	3
It was discovered at the Bluff Downs fossil site in northern Queensland .	4
Numenera is an award-winning science fantasy tabletop role-playing game ( RPG ) set in the far distant future , written by Monte Cook .	4
He would score three more victories in his new unit as the Russian Revolution sapped the will to fight from the IRAS .	6
However , Scott saw Henley pointing a pistol toward him and Brooks claimed , Scott " just gave up . "	7
In 1666 , he was consecrated archbishop of Caesarea Palestinae ( now Ḥorbat Qesari , Israel ) .	3
There was an explosion of activity in this field after 1945 , including prominent work by Edgar Charles Bate-Smith and Tony Swain at Cambridge University .	5
The Government changed the structure and portfolios of a number of agencies .	5
Surveys involve walking around analyzing the land looking for artifacts .	7
The population was 778 at the 2010 census .	3
Approximately half of the lake 's shoreline consists of private homes , a mixture of seasonal and year-round residents .	6
The building houses a large recital hall with recording facilities , a recording studio , individual specialised teaching and practice rooms , and a rock music studio .	5
The leaves are slender linear , 10 – 30 cm long and 1.5 – 3 mm broad .	5
The classic negative externality is environmental degradation , which reduces the value of natural resources without increasing the price of the product that has caused them harm .	7
Rooms arranged on either side of central corridors through the wings .	5
Young Michael started school in Gstaad , where classes were taught in French and German .	6
The mean monthly temperature ranges from in August ( the coolest ) to in March ( the hottest ) , with an annual average of .	3
If cared for properly , metal furniture can last up to 30 years .	3
A few days after arriving in Los Angeles , Man Ray met Juliet Browner , a first-generation American of Romanian-Jewish lineage .	6
Rosatello has won 17 ITF doubles titles .	5
Upcoming roles include Ang Lee 's " Taking Woodstock " and " Last Night " with Keira Knightley and " The Harvest " in post production .	5
Kręsk ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
In that movie and proposed series , the O 'Reilly family farm had failed and Radar had moved to St. Louis and become a police officer .	4
" Primal Massacre " followed in 2004 , the final release to feature guitarist Dalegren , who left in 1995 , to be replaced by Peter Östlund .	6
Planned to be published in a black and white magazine , the art is a study in various methods of adding texture with pen and ink .	7
Xanthus was credited to be the father of Eurythemista who bore Pelops and Niobe to Tantalus .	7
During the Crimean War , the regiment took part in the Battle of Alma in September 1854 and the Battle of Inkerman in November 1854 .	5
As with other updates it was unofficially ported to some other devices .	3
Fenton has been a frequent contributor to " The Guardian " , " The Independent " and " The New York Review of Books " .	5
A 1929 earthquake destroyed Lobo 's hotel .	5
The 1 ½ -story frame house features a vernacular Classical cornice , symmetrical plan , a gable roof , and a limestone basement .	3
Her only recourse is to kill him .	3
Since 1980 when the club left no .	4
In the front hall of the building was the fourth skeleton , too poorly preserved to allow determination of age or gender .	7
1011 , Ex-Union Pacific EMD NW2 No .	6
Caesar stopped his march on Rome and claimed that he was fighting against his opponents and in defence of Rome .	7
After alerting Appleton to Springfield 's plight , his troops marched to Springfield and raised the siege .	5
They took the second place , the Audience Choice Award and awards for " best guitarist " , " best drummer " and " best bassist " .	3
It was released in 1994 .	3
He was also a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1988 and 1992 .	4
Uniquely , this league was played on weekdays in a time when floodlights were not available .	3
For the premiere in 1892 , there were reviews in 27 newspapers , 18 in Boston and 9 " out of town " .	4
In Greece , Elisabeth had great difficulty integrating into the royal family , and her relationship with Queen Sophia was particularly awkward .	5
An argument ensued between Carey and Stevens and both subsequently failed to attend football training .	7
It lies approximately west of Jeziorany and north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Walk a quarter mile up the trail to see the remains of the old lower Railhead .	7
Napoleonite is a variety of diorite ( also called corsite because the stone is found in the island of Corsica ) .	6
It does not take into account the fact that agreement may happen solely based on chance .	6
She later served as a ferry and is currently being renovated into a mobile clinic at Monkey Bay .	5
Each approver group has a set quorum for which can be set to 0 to 16 .	6
It is ruled by the Elemental Blobbies ; Blobbie Fire , Blobbie Earth , Blobbie Water , Blobbie Air , and Blobbie Void .	3
The series aired 48 episodes on Fuji TV in Japan from April 2 , 2006 to March 25 , 2007 .	3
The APG system ( 1998 ) and APG II system ( 2003 ) assign Drosophyllaceae to the order Caryophyllales in the clade core eudicots .	5
A number of opposition parties and civil society groups challenged the constitutionality of the decree .	6
There were 609 housing units at an average density of 72.1 / km ² ( 187.0 / mi ² ) .	6
The angonoka tortoise has been observed feeding on grasses found in open rocky areas of bamboo scrub .	7
It lies approximately north-west of Biskupiec and north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
In doing so , Bieber became the youngest solo male artist to top the chart since Stevie Wonder in 1963 .	5
It was described by Miwa and Mitono in 1933 .	4
He breaks the seal to release the power of his predecessors .	6
Reviglio resigned from office on 30 March 1993 due to his alleged involvement in bribery scandal .	5
The Puqian Bridge is being constructed at the mouth of the harbor to connect the administrative divisions of Haikou at the west and Wenchang at the east .	5
These defects meant that the bills failed to record approximately a third of deaths in the Metropolis .	7
Collection classes are used as data storage structures .	4
Unlike most municipal halls , the office of the Tourism officer is not located within but is stationed at the Pila Museum .	4
Normally , groundwater is utilized where surface sources are unavailable or when surface supply distribution is limited .	5
It has four bays , and contains mullioned and transomed windows .	6
Voter approval is required ( either at the county , county precinct , or city level ) to approve sales .	4
Jun Okano joined J2 League club JEF United Chiba in 2016 .	6
Kraplewo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
In the interior , there are five tombs without inscriptions .	4
The band also played regularly in London , with a few appearances at The Fan Club at The Verge in Kentish Town .	3
The Jumble of Growth " , Today Art Museum , Beijing , December 10 , 2016 ( with Huang Du ) .	3
Erven Warnink B.V. v. J. Townend & Sons ( Hull ) Ltd . , [ 1979 ] AC 731 , [ 1980 ] R.P.C .	6
Agdam ( ) is a rayon in southwestern Azerbaijan .	3
His work often was characterized by simplicity .	3
494 on the " Rolling Stone " s list of " The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time " in 2004 .	6
" NSW Central Coast Rugby League Reserve Grade Grand Finals	7
The district is almost entirely offshore , touching land only at the former United States Coast Guard station .	6
His last teams were SC Menen , Eendracht Wervik and Club Roeselare .	3
He was buried with honors due a crown prince and given the posthumous name of " Zhuangke " ( meaning " unsuccessful and respectful " ) .	6
Corral and Chardy were awarded first place in the Sunshine State awards for their reporting on the Posada story .	5
Conversely , mixture models can be thought of as compositional models , where the total size reading population has been normalized to 1 .	7
आ भी गयी वस्ल कि रात	6
Otherwise , video is captured from the perspectives of one or more puppeteers who serve as camera operators .	6
The 1950s brought improvement of sorts , at least when compared to the 1940s , but St Kilda could still hardly be regarded as a glamorous club .	4
This was found via studies using imino exchange and NMR spectroscopy .	7
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 , at which time it was used for storage .	4
The song reached number-one on the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs chart and number 4 on the Canadian " RPM " Country Tracks chart .	6
The 25km solo swim across Lake Malawi between Cape Ngomba and Senga Bay has been accomplished on 4 occasions by 12 swimmers	6
It helps research to understand the breadth of the subject .	5
Mentally exhausted , Collignon no longer abuses his meek but good-natured assistant Lucien ( Jamel Debbouze ) .	7
On 11 April 1907 , " Colne " and the destroyer collided in the Channel , badly damaging both ships .	6
He played college football at the University of Montana .	4
Boloria improba , the dingy fritillary , is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae .	4
The Roman Catholic and the Church of Uganda ( or Anglican Church ) are the two largest denominations among the Baruuli .	6
He will be long remembered for his nobled deeds	4
They continued to improve finishing third in 2016 and 2017 .	7
These higher-level areas create the attentive , repetition , and arousal modulations upon the sensory area processing reflected in N100 .	7
James married firstly , Susanna Strangways , daughter of leading civil war politician Colonel Sir Giles Strangways of Melbury , Dorset , a wealthy neighbour at Athelhampton .	7
In 1874 , mine owners had a narrow-gauge railroad built from Hawk 's Nest Station up the ravine of Mill Creek .	6
The western façade is a very close copy of that of the Basilica of St. Zeno , Bishop of Verona , in Verona , Italy .	5
She was raised in Westchester County , New York , and on a farm in Greenwich , Connecticut .	4
His half-brother was obligated to keep and maintain the agreement made between them .	7
During the first attempt , Faro successfully lifted 132.5 kilograms ; on the next , 137 kilograms ; and on the final , 140 kilograms .	3
However , rust bluing small areas will often match and blend better and wear better than any cold bluing process .	6
" The Source " celebrated Trina 's career for the 2012 Women 's History Month .	5
He studied filmmaking at San Francisco State University .	5
A police helicopter was used throughout the bank holiday weekend to monitor the actions on the ground .	4
Originally a modest-sized airport , the facility grew considerably in size in the post-independence period after numerous successive renovation projects .	3
The next day Pompey heard the claims of father and son .	5
He was then reinstated in the rank of major and given command of No .	7
Private companies were forbidden to employ more than 12 % Jews .	7
He was a son of priest and politician Peter Holm .	4
1966 : 3rd 880y Commonwealth Games	5
Ocean Sky UK was liquidated in 2012 .	3
On June 6 , 2013 , a short preview of the full PV is shown on the official YouTube account along with two behind the scenes videos .	4
These include Mari , Altay and the Keräşen Tatar alphabet .	5
" BRP General Mariano Alvarez ( PS-38 )	5
In 2011 he made an artwork that consisted on 64 drawn self-portraits drawn in one single 24 hour sitting .	7
It was awarded sparingly to retain a high level of prestige and honour .	6
" ( Korean : 패션 NO.5 ; Starring : Jang Doyeon , Heo Anna , Park Narae , Jeong Eunseon , Park Sora ) "	3
In the 1970s , Centronics formed a relationship with Canon to develop non-impact printers .	5
While with Mallinson Denny , he was a member of the National Board for Prices and Incomes between 1965 and 1967 .	6
It was described by Breuning in 1940 .	3
The colleges offers 13 undergraduate and 3 postgraduate courses .	4
College education is associated with an increase in variety of sexual behaviours in both men and women .	7
The site was an area of granted by the U.S. Government for use as a train terminal .	6
I was putting in screws .	3
" Army Air Forces Eastern Flying Training Command	6
Disturbed and enraged , Brian vows to avenge Lois ’ death .	5
Lake Gairdner is located just north west of Moina , part of the Mersey-Forth Hydro electric Scheme .	7
Final – 3 October 14 : 15h	3
The picker then has to decide whether they like the look and dress sense of the selected person , this sometimes involves audience participation .	7
( originally from its armadas ) was also the Portuguese traditional term ( now alternative , but in common use ) of the Portuguese Navy .	3
It lies approximately south-east of Ostróda and south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
According to the preface of his 1571 publication of organ tablature he traveled to foreign lands to study , but he gave no specifics .	5
Jones was born and raised in Scotland and has lost her Scottish accent while living and filming in Australia .	6
The park has views overlooking Lake of the Isles .	6
Other notable figures were Pekka Halonen , Albert Edelfelt , Jean Sibelius , Eino Leino , Helene Schjerfbeck , Eero Järnefelt , Emil Wikström and Eliel Saarinen .	3
Street teams managed volunteer engagement for various organizations including multiple government departments , Civil Defence , and Christchurch City Council .	6
" Is There Anybody Out There ? "	3
Stanić was banned from playing for two years ( 2006 – 08 ) , following testing positive for cocaine .	7
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions	5
He was the first captain of Lucky-Goldstar Hwangso , and was honoured with the " K-League MVP Award " in 1985 .	4
Haren was born in San Bernardino County , California .	3
And just as the previous three Bachman – Turner Overdrive albums , it failed to break any charts nationally or internationally .	4
This involved keeping its aircraft on 24 / 7 alert .	7
Jobs gave her $ 500 a month at the time when Apple went public , and Jobs became a millionaire .	5
In 1985 , however , it was decided a new municipal use for Virreina and the Museum of Decorative Arts had to shut the doors again .	7
Alongside the CHU , there are three private clinics , resulting from the consolidation of old clinics in the city .	7
Marx refers to the Inclosure Act 1489 , the Inclosure Act 1533 , and the Poor Relief Act 1601 .	3
Liberty Junior High School Student .	3
Rossignol was a driver for the French Lorraine-Dietrich automobile company , and had been on their driving team since the inaugural Le Mans in .	3
The experienced Japanese carrier aircrews performed better than those of the U.S. , achieving greater results with an equivalent number of aircraft .	5
Eight of his cousins played first-class cricket .	4
" United Nations Security Council Resolution 176	4
" The Time That Remains " was also screened at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival .	4
In that same year she was named " Explorer Scientist " among 100 leading UK scientists by The Science Council .	3
Although closely pursued , they escaped .	3
Robert Jones appeared in only one of the 22 League matches played by Everton in season 1888 – 89 .	5
And this is necessary because it is the absolute price differences that determine the international flow of goods .	6
It is also found in the Eastern Pacific coasts of Washington State .	4
That year also marked his Music , Magic & Make Peace Tour with Bushwalla , The Makepeace Brothers , and magician Justin Willman .	3
Division 3 - one section	5
Dikiciyan has also produced independent music albums .	3
It received a 10-minute standing ovation at the world premiere at Venice Film Festival .	7
In 1943 , the MED created the Special Engineer Detachment ( SED ) , with an authorized strength of 675 .	4
" North Dundas District High School	4
Wólka ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Ulpiano Colóm y Ferrer ( b .	3
We skated , went swimming , and played sports !	5
Pressure can be applied constantly or intermittently .	4
The fort was built in 1695 .	3
Okafor was drafted 40th overall by Chivas USA in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft .	4
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Jackson 's Mill State 4-H Camp Historic District .	4
Admission to a hospital is rarely necessary .	4
The event that led to the founding of DGUF lay elsewhere , however .	6
Some languages , like Perl and Common Lisp , allow the programmer to choose static or dynamic scoping when defining or redefining a variable .	7
" Orto Botanico dell 'Università di Cagliari	6
" Col de la Madone transmitter	5
This turns " T " into a metric space ( " T " , " d " ) which is a real tree .	3
The stage props are more literal than those used in most Graham works .	6
He then served as chief of the Management and Coordination Agency .	5
Joey + Rory released their first Christmas album , " A Farmhouse Christmas " , on October 11 , 2011 .	3
Samuel Akeroyde ( also " Ackroyd " , " Ackroyde " , " Acroyd " ; fl .	3
Using Iverson bracket notation this is written	5
The authors retained this synonymy in their 2001 monograph , " Nepenthaceae " .	3
In 1857 , he and several others formed the West Union Institute to serve as a Baptist school .	5
He will collaborate with the MIT community in research , seminars , conferences and other intellectual projects .	4
– 1728 ) served as Ecumenical Patriarch during the period 1711 – 1713 .	3
In 2009 , El Phantasmo finally won the Pacific Cup by beating Rick The Weapon X and Azeem The Dream in the finals .	7
He started his legal career working as a lawyer on land and civic matters .	7
This road was included in the 1999 Tour .	3
Mahesh ended up marrying Payal , Kajal 's younger sister .	6
In 1457 he was appointed commendatory Rector ( " Rettore commendatario " ) of S. Quirico in Legania , from which institutions he occasionally made considerable profits .	6
From 2012 – 14 , Southfork was once again used as a filming location , for the new " Dallas " series .	3
In response , Jobs then developed a plan to get rid of Sculley and take over Apple .	5
Miss Mei Sim Lai OBE DL 2011-12	6
Three of the five artists charted within the iTunes top 10 .	5
In most later handwritings these bars in turn nearly became dots .	4
He is a model professional , but maybe it is not our time yet to secure his service , " conceded the chairman .	5
Today Wyllys works in the opposition to Michel Temer 's government .	5
However , despite his powers threatening to go out of control , he escaped from Croit 's attempts to cure him and fled .	6
Orzyny ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Similar application can also be found in chromatography , or separation of various ingredients in the solution .	6
Shalivahana was an alien Nastika Shramana ( possibly a Jain ) , and persecuted all those who refused to convert to his faith .	7
" Statewide opinion polling for the January 2012 Republican Party presidential primaries	6
As they arrive the house is destroyed in a gas explosion .	6
She would sometimes ask Jobs for money but he always refused .	3
Allured owns a nightclub called MFN at Shipley Gate , Eastwood , Nottinghamshire , and still plays live in local bands .	6
The film stars Lou Tellegen , Cleo Ridgely , Sessue Hayakawa , Ernest Joy , Mabel Van Buren and Frank Lanning .	3
Their head coach was Ewald O. Stiehm , who was in his 1st and only year .	3
The 1929 Railway Cup Hurling Championship was the third series of the inter-provincial hurling Railway Cup .	5
There are no recorded public rights of way on the hill .	6
The region was invaded around 1485 by Sultan Bolkiah and became a part of the Sultanate of Brunei .	6
Rallidae is a large family of small to medium-sized birds which includes the rails , crakes , coots , and gallinules .	7
Authors who made more specialized contributions to Hispanic philology include the following :	6
United Arab Republic / Egypt	3
Columbia Pictures was the first movie studio to offer for one of her novels , purchasing the rights to " The Ghost " in 1998 .	5
It was used mostly on the Fairey Gannet anti-submarine aircraft developed for the Fleet Air Arm of the Royal Navy .	6
They mock her and roll their eyes at what they view as her hysterics and spread rumors that she is a lesbian .	7
No compensation has been giving to the local residents for the damage they have done to their water and environment .	7
Saito began a computer security venture while in junior high school , and incorporated the firm as I / O Software in 1991 while attending university .	5
In 93 Marcoz left the band , being replaced by Federico Arana , on the bass and vocals .	4
Examples include ARA for Arabic , ESP for Spanish , HYE for Armenian , etc .	5
Passion generated from the introduction of football brought the	7
As a result , Pocket PC 2000 was released on multiple CPU architectures ; SH-3 , MIPS , and ARM .	4
Al-Dajani was branded a conspirator by E. Quigley , assistant director of Public Security during the British Mandate .	6
Three people were killed and two others critically injured in a workplace shooting at a truck rental business located near the city of Kennesaw , Georgia .	7
Two singles were released from the album : " On the Way Up " and " Oooh This I Need " .	3
He spent two winter , indoor seasons with the Terror .	5
In that year Clegg left for Portugal , where he was pursuing his career in the gas industry .	4
She decides to poison him .	3
Round 19 saw Hawthorn 7.7 ( 49 ) defeated by St Kilda 10.14 ( 74 ) at Aurora Stadium .	6
In 1651 and 1653 the river Segura overflowed , forcing the community of nuns to abandon their convent and take refuge on Monte de los Ermitas .	5
If the independent agency exercises any executive powers like enforcement , and most of them do , Congress cannot participate in the regular removal process of commissioners .	6
When Jackson County was formed in 1831 , the residents of the county could not decide where to locate the county seat .	4
Adapted versions of Circle of Friends exist .	6
The purpose designed flat / apartment building emerged as a new form of residential accommodation in Brisbane during the 1920s .	5
A four-week vacation for all employees over 40 years of age was introduced in 1947 , while the working week was reduced to 39 hours in 1948 .	5
She began " Three Lives " during the spring of 1905 and finished it the following year .	4
Bagahalanda bowled four overs in the match , conceding 33 runs .	4
" Clepsis consimilana " has a wingspan of 13 – 19 mm .	4
Whilst in training for the Prix Jacques Le Marois , Niche unseated her rider on the gallops , running into the road and collided with a van .	5
He has acted as a hero in 3 movies : " Kaiyodu Kai " , " Ulla Kadathal " and " Pachai Nirame " .	3
It lies approximately east of Biała Piska , east of Pisz , and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
The VPAF claimed 12 enemy aircraft were shot down by MiG-19s , at a cost of 8 MiG-19s lost in air combat	7
Show that the polynomial remainder theorem holds for an arbitrary second degree polynomial formula _ 13 by using algebraic manipulation :	4
Daniella and Alexander Perls wrote the melody and lyrics with music by Ercola .	5
Bye to round 2 : Rotation Berlin , FC Carl Zeiss Jena , Wismut Aue Amateure	6
He played CIS football at Queen 's University .	4
The ceremonial ball was kicked by Kris Aquino and Asian Ladies Football Federation vice president Cristy Ramos .	7
Just outside the limits of Ranson , but extremely important to the community 's economy , is Hollywood Casino at Charles Town Races .	6
It may be prepared by heating alloxantin in ammonia gas to 100 ° C , or by boiling uramil ( 5-aminobarbituric acid ) with mercury oxide .	6
On Broadway , he performed in " A Taste of Honey " which received two Tony Award nominations .	7
Mickey and his friends enter their world again and dance for a moment while Oswald briefly peeks out from the side of the screen .	5
It also airs news and highlights shows .	5
" En helt vanlig dag på jobben	5
Sumerian Records is an American independent record label based in Washington D.C. and Los Angeles .	5
The population density was .	3
Johnny Clark , Benjamin L. Jones , Robert J. Swain , Robert Landstra , Royce Hobby , Alan Campbell , John Thompson , and Frank Fazio .	3
Chancellor moved between those two cities depending on his partner for the evening .	4
Out of the forested land , all the forested land area is covered with heavy forests .	3
As well as evidence of controlled drinking in some formerly dependent drinkers , a wide variety of other evidence is set out to contest the disease model .	7
The stair-light extends from the first to the second floor .	3
Causing bodily harm by wanton or furious driving	5
AA Brigade ( Thames and Medway South ) Gun Defended Area .	6
Boon co-wrote the series with Frans Ceusters .	4
In 1980 , this government agency became the " Departamento de Recreación y Deportes " ( Department of Recreation and Sports ) .	6
The single reached # 7 and gave the group their third Top 10 success .	3
1684 ) , introduced on May 23 , 1995 , by Representative Thomas J. Bliley , Jr . ( R-Virginia ) .	3
FScan is a disk scheduling algorithm to determine the motion of the disk 's arm and head in servicing read and write requests .	7
John Bonamy Challen was born in Ruthin , Denbighshire , Wales , on 26 March 1863 .	4
" No longer did the Court have to hear almost every case an unhappy litigant presented to it .	7
During these exercises rammed and sank , then damaged .	3
It is also found in northeastern Russia .	3
cAMP is the second messenger that controls the level of calcium available to allow the heart to contract .	7
During this period , the architect Benjamin Mountfort designed many civic and ecclesiastical buildings in the Gothic Revival style .	5
CNN began broadcasting in the high definition 1080i resolution format in September 2007 .	5
Her 2008 and 2010 campaigns won the support of the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund .	7
As during the Soviet era , cotton is the dominant agricultural commodity because it is an export staple .	3
The fourth two-hour show aired on Tuesday , October 1 , 2013 .	4
The production also won the coveted Peabody Award .	3
The British Hedgehog Preservation Society advises that :	5
She plays the female lead , the chief 's blind daughter and love interest to Joaquin Phoenix 's part .	6
It merged with Vincom in 2007 .	3
The school was housed in an old Forest Service building and three modular buildings that were built by the school .	6
Sofa reminded the intellectuals of their true responsibility in the newly independent country and warned about the grim future of fascism unless they performed their responsibility properly .	6
World number one Phil Taylor successfully defended his title , defeating Steve Beaton 11 – 3 in the final with a tournament average of 111.54 .	5
It is one of only six butterfly species found on Canada 's Ellesmere Island .	4
The settlement has a population of 15 .	4
He said : " I didn 't sing my best ...	5
A loose adaptation with sans-serif companion by Christian Schwartz is the corporate font of Deutsche Bahn .	4
The pendant portraits of Joseph and Dorothea were painted by Frans Hals in 1644 , when their daughter Isabella was married .	5
wrote a monograph summing up his work .	5
Although not a technical Garrisonian abolitionist , he was an early pioneer in Anti-Slavery movement first as a Whig , then as a Free Soiler .	3
Swansea competed in the 2013 – 14 UEFA Europa League , their first European competition since the 1991 – 92 European Cup Winners ' Cup .	7
They helped organise and lead a national group of medical professionals concerned with health-care quality and delivery .	7
The building was destroyed by fire .	3
For every 100 females , there were 82.4 males .	3
A transposing structure may be a standard structure with special cross arms , or may be a dead-end structure .	3
Therefore , there is an urgent need to translate material in all fields like literary , technical , scientific and business etc .	7
Louis Marcorelles called " His Girl Friday " , " le film américain par excellence " .	3
Before opening his own mill in Salem , he helped to set up only the second mill in Oregon at Brownsville .	4
The defeat at Brindisi put an end to the restored Byzantine reign in Italy , and by 1158 the Byzantine Army had left Italy .	4
He lost the doubles final to Talbert and partner Alvin Bunis .	7
Battle royale between the forces of Durapasya and Bala 's hordes begin .	7
The world wars of the 20th Century were resolved differently , leaving the British Empire and the European powers largely intact .	4
One of the first religious decrees comes from the two highest dignitaries of the Hanafi and Maliki rites in the Ottoman Empire .	6
Electors vote by indicating their choice for Mayor by placing a tick beside one of the names and the person who receives the most votes becomes Mayor .	7
Polyradiculoneuropathy describes a condition in which polyneuropathy and polyradiculopathy occur together .	7
It is available on jw.org , Watchtower Online Library and through " JW Library " application in App stores .	7
This pathway creates inosine monophosphate ( IMP ) , a precursor to adenosine monophosphate ( AMP ) and guanosine monophosphate ( GMP ) .	7
The Albion Precinct is a now-defunct precinct in Edwards County , Illinois .	3
The Dublin Division comprises the following counties : Dodge , Jeff Davis , Johnson , Laurens , Montgomery , Telfair , Treutlen , and Wheeler .	3
The village has a population of 1,464 .	4
On July 26 , Tsubaki Factory released their second major single , " Shuukatsu Sensation / Waratte / Hana Moyou " .	3
Sources : The Renick Ruritan club , Former Mayor David Ramsey	5
2001-2004 - Minister for Fuel and Energy of the Republic of Azerbaijan	7
The Hartman House is located about a mile north of Linesville .	4
He joined Glostrup FK for the 2016 / 17 season	6
In 1884 the company built the Ripley Street Pumping Station No .	7
The series has installments featuring both two and three-dimensional gameplay .	7
At each of their brief stops on the journey is a moment of contemplation , caresses , and tender murmurs .	5
" , was released on standard DVD by Vinegar Syndrome , in a triple feature with " Evil Come , Evil Go " and " Oh !	4
Ambassador Sarna speaks English , Hindi , Punjabi and has knowledge of Russian and Polish languages also .	7
The album was certified gold .	3
When Bob confronts Nadia , she admits that she and Deeds used to date .	5
This was apparently used to measure the aircraft 's altitude more accurately .	5
The Rebels Motorcycle Club also have a presence in the wider Nelson-Tasman area .	4
Jim Lewis , Jeremy Gilbert-Rolfe , Klauss Kertess , G. Roger Denson , T. J. Clark , Hans-Ulrich Obrist , Norman Bryson , and Laura Cottingham .	3
A number of financial operations such as interest compounding and amortization are also provided .	6
Szałsza ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice , within Tarnowskie Góry County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
Descendants of them were the founders of the Bank Sarasin & Cie. in Basel .	4
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .	7
He credited the " kuttab " with having provided him " a strong foundation of language " .	5
The RL.21 had a tailwheel undercarriage with spatted main wheels on cantilever legs , mounted on the wings approximately below the ends of the wing struts .	6
Musyoka campaigned for the ODM-Kenya ticket , facing a number of other contenders .	5
His diaries were published posthumously in 1953 , in two volumes , as " Dagbøker 1900-1917 " .	3
The woodlands of Asia , including China and Japan , are home to bulbous plants such as arisaemas and the giant cardiocrinums .	5
A subsequent search using the Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 failed to locate any companions .	6
Beginning on 7 May , the carrier forces from the two sides engaged in airstrikes over two consecutive days .	7
The Cincinnati – Toledo route of Cincinnati and Lake Erie Railroad was .	7
The title track was originally entitled " Down the Road I Go " and was first recorded in 1981 with guitarist Mark Knopfler .	4
" New South Wales 86 class locomotive	6
Illegal dumping also negatively affects surrounding property values .	6
He wrote more than 100 songs .	5
The regiment constitutes the fire support unit of the 9th Marine Infantry Brigade .	4
She has danced with Jennifer Lopez and her choreographies have won her numerous awards .	4
Gilbert commented on this : " Her body had time to cool down completely before the heart stopped .	7
Cyclooctatetraene , for example , possesses alternating single and double bonds .	7
Hansen won the European title for the third time when he knocked out British European champion Dave Boy Green in the third round .	6
The population was 1,048 at the 2010 census .	3
When faced with the allegation , O 'Connell held a press conference to admit his wrongdoing and publicly apologized to the man .	6
To promote the film , a two-and-a-half-minute-long trailer was finished in 1998 and was shown at American anime fan conventions .	5
" Association of Saône and Madon Country communes	5
Lübbow is a municipality in the district Lüchow-Dannenberg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .	3
Amelia Earhart Peak is a summit in Tuolumne County , California , in the United States .	3
Beech Bottom is located at ( 40.224276 , -80.652181 ) .	3
The city co-hosted the Juno Awards of 2013 .	4
Throughout the game , the player encounters CG artwork at certain points in the story , which take the place of the background art and character sprites .	7
In both plays the four main characters are the Young Man , the Young Girl , a Knight , and a Nurse .	3
" Discovery " during the " Discovery " Expedition of 1901 – 1904 , known by the nickname " Muggins " .	5
The 2nd Pan American Junior Athletics Championships were held in Barquisimeto , Venezuela , on July 30-August 1 , 1982 .	3
He also tested a BSB Motorpoint Yamaha in April 2010 , as a potential short-term replacement for the injured Neil Hodgson .	3
Her first love was actually painting and sculpting .	3
The payload increased to more than 1,000 kg .	6
This is unrelated to the PSA DW12 2.2 unit used in Peugeot and Citroën applications .	7
" Five Pieces " is also a character suite , though the subject matter is abstract , and focuses on the textural aspects of the piano .	5
They are bounded by security " walls " to keep out intruders .	3
CapitaLand 's residential developments include The Interlace , d ’ Leedon , Sky Vue and Sky Habitat .	7
In a review of volume one , Yamamoto was viewed by manganews.com to be just as " crazy " as Reborn , Gokudera or Lambo .	4
These organizations are supposed Maoists who claimed that Singhaniya displayed misleading information about them and their Madhes movement .	7
says that Johnny was the one who told them to get rid of Tank .	7
Chamber is mentioned by the Stepford Cuckoos as responding to a Sentinel threat in Berlin alongside Warpath .	6
After this chamber , three portcullis stones are still anchored in the ceiling .	3
Karanvir got in-depth knowledge in public-private partnership demonstration and implementation as well as in tech domain with diversified experience in a corporate and startup ecosystem .	7
It is located east of Kungsträdgården .	4
Małdaniec ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The governor also became the first in the nation to sign a same-sex marriage bill that was not the result of a court decision .	7
Palethorpe made a single first-class appearance for the side , during the 1879-80 season , against Nelson .	4
European wildcats do not appear in the Netherlands in great numbers , but occasionally they can be seen .	3
He failed to dissuade Pompey and verbally abused him .	5
We only express the opinion , in which we are not alone , that New Creek is not one of them ...	4
At 34 stories , for many years it was the tallest building in the British Empire .	3
A notable feature of the shrine is it houses a Muslim saint 's tomb and a Hindu Shiva temple .	5
Airport shuttle vans typically travel non-stop to or from the airport and about the city and suburbs picking up or dropping passengers at each address .	6
The office was empowered to engage in large engineering projects in addition to research .	6
Edward William Cornelius Humphrey 's son Edward Porter Humphrey ( 1873 – 1955 ) eventually became a member of the law firm headed by Judge A .	6
Popular tourist activities include sightseeing , adventure tourism , such as glacier climbing and Bungee jumping , tramping ( hiking ) , kayaking , and camping .	4
Apartheid Museum October 2006 / Nelson Mandela Foundation / Parliament Cape Town / Slave Lodge Cape Town / Rwanda 2013	7
damali ayo ( born February 26 , 1972 ) is an American conceptual artist , performance artist , and author .	3
The first such program was piloted with Novartis in 2011 , and by 2018 , the company had more than 30 partnerships .	4
The Ninja-controlled districts of Brazzaville , Bacongo and Makélékélé therefore suffered far less casualties than the rest of the city during the first months of the war .	5
" Tillichery " enters " Lloyd 's Register " in 1796 with S. Baker , master , and St Barbe , owner , in 1796 .	3
It is easy to see that relational databases satisfy the axioms of a labeled	6
The Canadienne breed is small to medium-sized ; cows weigh between 400 and 500 kg and bulls weigh on average 800 kg .	7
They need them so badly . "	3
one that incorporated primary and infants departments .	6
The difficulty is that the establishing of a titer for tannin is not always convenient since it is extremely difficult to obtain the pure tannin .	6
He had suffered from similar health problems during other trainings sessions , a week before his death .	3
He was portrayed by André Falcon in 1972 and by Jean-Claude Drouot in 2005 .	5
" M. limbatus " occurs with " Tannudiscus tannuolaicus " , " Menneraspis striata " , " Beldirella pulchra " and " Cheiruroides maslovi " .	3
There are two known subspecies :	3
He moved to Mumbai in the early 1950s in pursuit of higher education at Grant Medical College , Mumbai .	6
It lies approximately west of Jonkowo and west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
His first album , " Peanut Butter Blues & Melancholy Jam " , was shortlisted for the 2011 Mercury Prize .	5
Wintjiya Napaltjarri ( born between ca .	4
She arrived in Hong Kong as " Faith Power " in 1994 and was renamed " Fairy Princess " in 1995 and then " Zenith " .	3
The Sicangu divided into the Lower Brulé and the " Heyata Wicasa " , or Upper Brulé , in the late 18th century .	3
Neighboring districts are ( from west clockwise ) Wernigerode , Halberstadt , Bördekreis , Aschersleben-Staßfurt , Mansfelder Land , Sangerhausen and the district Nordhausen in Thuringia .	3
He also defeated Russell Kokubun , who had also served on the county council , in the 1992 mayoral election .	7
He played for the at the 2010 Under-18 Academy Week , advancing to Under-21 level in 2012 .	5
Music composed by K. V. Mahadevan .	5
The Playback singers were T. M. Soundararajan , S. P. Balasubramanyam , L. R. Eswari , Vani Jayaram , L. R. Anjali and B. S. Sasirekha .	3
It included parts of former Volkhovsky and Leningradsky Uyezds .	6
He died from injuries sustained in a car crash at the age of 42 .	6
Usefulness as a short-term antimicrobial and disinfecting expectorant , e.g .	6
hǎo yī duǒ měi lì de mò li huā < br >	7
Laynce Nix scored another run in the top of the second inning on two throwing errors and a wild pitch .	4
The unity did not survive engrossing controversies over slavery and the ensuing Civil War .	4
Tieton is located at ( 46.703160 , -120.755824 ) .	3
" Ore Mountain / Krušné hory Ski Trail	6
Walter Granger , superintendent of the canal company , chose the town site in 1892 .	5
Thompson then begins a discussion of physical attributes of the graphic style used in the four manuscripts .	7
He also called the track " Like My Dog " " The only real misstep " .	3
1-A which delineated the composition of the National Economic Development Authority .	7
Additionally , she also does various of editorial work for magazines and is mostly involved with ramp shows for all the major designers throughout the country .	6
The village has a population of 60 .	4
She was fluent in several languages and has authored more than 200 poems .	6
" List of Rhode Island companies	4
Inaugurated in 1937 for 1936 publications in two categories , the Governor General 's Literary Awards have become one of Canada 's most prestigious prizes .	6
However , journalist Nicolas Rothwell in 2006 stated that Napaltjarri 's husband was named Kenny Williams Tjampitjinpa .	5
This is the main reason why " O. viciifolia " came back to the scientific agenda during the last years .	4
It was produced by Chitrabeekshan Audio Visual PVT LTD . , and is 126 minutes long .	5
Anderlecht won the title of the 1992 / 93 season .	7
Its short-term activities could not be continued due to the lack of financial support .	4
" Florence Lake National Wildlife Refuge	3
Sturgeon Lake Indian Reserve No .	4
It became a manifesto for dissent in Czechoslovakia , Poland and other communist regimes .	6
Kohnak ( ) is a village in Senderk Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .	3
" Sri Lanka Navy 25th Anniversary Medal	6
Molokai developed from two distinct shield volcanoes known as East Molokai and the much smaller West Molokai .	6
With its avant-garde , artistic , yet timeless designs , the Wiener-Werkstaette-Stil influenced generations of architects and designers in the 20th century .	5
Lindbergh , despite his Nazi sympathies and racist proclivities , was a great aviation hero ... Trump is just a con artist . "	3
The village has a population of 8 .	4
Stops are placed approximately every 500m and passengers pay for tickets on-board from a conductor rather than from the driver .	5
This spoon-like structure secretes a nectar-like substance , which serves as a lure for insects and small animals .	7
Radicals are important in combustion , atmospheric chemistry , polymerization , plasma chemistry , biochemistry , and many other chemical processes .	3
The creek has been the subject of a flood protection project .	4
Stein did not see Leo Stein again until after World War I , and then through only a brief greeting on the street in Paris .	4
The number of legal East German border-crossers rose from 66,000 in 1985 to 573,000 in 1986 , 1.2 million in 1987 and 2.2 million in 1988 .	4
To expand the collapsed table , click on " show " in the Year column header ; to collapse again , choose " hide " .	4
From 1995 to 2001 he worked as the managing director of the Hungarian National Bank , since that he served as an advisor there .	4
However , as of 2016 , Tidwell 's plans have not been fulfilled .	4
Bernbach 's campaign for Avis Rent-a-Car effectively pioneered " underdog advertising " and was an instant hit with the market .	4
" Sing Along With Skankin ' Pickle	5
The school was ranked 75th in the magazine 's September 2006 issue , which included 316 schools across the state .	7
Sinatra renamed the group " the Summit " .	4
The village has a population of 10 .	4
In 1996 , Lauryn Hill met Rohan Marley while touring as a member of the Fugees .	5
In addition to the proboscis , there is a change in the scales among these basal lineages , with later lineages showing more complex perforated scales .	6
A crowd of between 20,000 and 30,000 spectators witnessed the duel .	6
New material for the album was largely recorded in sessions at a rented villa named Nellcôte in the south of France .	6
" Ringwood Library : Edmond and Corrigan	3
Toppenish is located at ( 46.378880 , -120.311823 ) .	3
Most of the action in this book takes place in Unwharrie National Forest , North Carolina .	5
So the choice of valuation method can change depending upon the circumstances , even if the property being valued does not change much .	5
The next day that man comes to the house .	3
Another application is in assessing the optimal level of sedation in intensive critical care .	5
" The Guardian " also questioned the film 's comedic aspect combined with the issue of Obree 's condition .	7
Wine sales are generally permitted at the same time as beer sales .	3
Lebanese women have legal protection that varies depending on their religion .	5
" Numenera 2 " has two core rule books titled , " Numenera : Discovery " and " Numenera : Destiny " .	5
Aircraft have been put in " active " storage .	3
Ethiopian MiG-21s were deployed largely in the ground attack role , and proved instrumental during the final offensive against Somali ground forces .	6
Abdul Rahim Rasheed was born in Fiji in 1938 .	3
" Delta Force 3 : The Killing Game	4
This song was the summer anthem of 2003 in France , Belgium ( where it was a number-one hit ) , Africa , and the Caribbean .	3
He made his first appearance in the Daily News in the " Annie " strip on September 27 , 1924 .	3
Martha Coffin Wright was the youngest of eight children some of her well-known siblings names were Sarah , Lucretia , Eliza , Mary , and Thomas .	7
Debate ensued over whether Piedmont or New Creek should be the county seat .	5
All forensic photography must consider three elements at a crime scene : the subject , the scale , and a reference object .	3
Attractions include Schloss Eschelberg , a stately home built in 1596 , and the ruined 13th century Rottenegg Castle .	6
The village has a population of 68 .	4
Seddon 's railway station is on the Werribee and Williamstown railway lines of the Melbourne train network .	4
The paper has been digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Program of the National Library of Australia .	6
acetyl-CoA + phosphate → acetyl-phosphate + CoA	3
He spent three weeks talking to anti-market groups in England .	6
The official report recorded , " " no determined opposition " " .	3
The Americans also founded the first school under the new government , the Manila High School , on June 11 , 1906 along Victoria Street .	4
The village has a population of 10 .	4
Subcutaneous vaccination with adult excretory – secretory products ( ES ) protects susceptible mouse strains from " T. muris " .	5
One such example is the rivalry between author Itsuki and his friend Haruto .	3
Note : Based on 2001-2002 school year data	6
Two species have been recorded in North Dakota .	3
The South Woods Switchback Trails are groomed in the winter for cross country skiing .	4
Ovation Pharmaceuticals is an American manufacturer and distributor of pharmaceuticals products .	4
In 2008 Cunningham travelled to Chad to film a series of reports on the country for RTÉ .	7
Nebraska 's fortunes were much the same when they were repelled with 1st and goal at the Oklahoma 5-yard line later in the game .	4
Bledsoe has two children : son Ethan and daughter Ariana .	6
Hamburger SV would not play in a final again until 1957 and win its next championship three years later , in 1960 .	5
They pass by the islands of the Bailiffs , whose peasants charge to be beaten .	4
Neem oil varies in color ; it can be golden yellow , yellowish brown , reddish brown , dark brown , greenish brown , or bright red .	3
In 2005 , he pushed the Chen Shui-bian administration to adopt less demeaning Chinese translations of the words " Jew " and " Islam " .	7
Magik teleports in to find him chained to the throne .	5
The remainder transferred from Junior College / Community College programs .	7
Similar to other courtroom dramas of the time , the defendants and witnesses were actors .	5
De Beauvoir published her first novel " She Came to Stay " in 1943 .	5
The concept of observability was introduced by Hungarian-American engineer Rudolf E. Kálmán for linear dynamic systems .	4
The company was founded in 1822 by " Johann Andreas Mollenhauer " ( 1798 – 1871 ) in Fulda .	3
He first fights Spider-Man and escapes .	4
It requires a stable and undisturbed habitat .	5
Titles published by various British and American publishers include :	7
On 9 January Rovers announced that striker Adam Armstrong has joined on loan for the remainder of the season from Newcastle United .	7
There are two populated places in Alabama named Pinedale Shores :	6
Mette Lisby hosted the show .	3
< nowiki > # Michael Sim received a battlefield promotion to the PGA Tour in 2009 by winning three tournaments on the Nationwide Tour in 2009 .	5
" Prosser 's Plains " Post Office opened on 19 October 1838 , was renamed " Buckland " around 1884 and closed in 1981 .	5
It is believed to follow an old native trail along the foot of the scarp of the old shoreline of glacial Lake Iroquois .	7
On 9 November 1989 the Berlin Wall was breached .	3
It is located at Brgy .	3
The Cleveland metropolitan area is the metropolitan area encompassing Cleveland , Ohio , United States .	6
In February 2017 , he was bought by the Sunrisers Hyderabad team for the 2017 Indian Premier League for 2.6 crores .	3
Cram missed the subsequent penalty , but West Bromwich scored three minutes later through Jeff Astle .	5
" 1900 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season	6
The film stars Hugh Herbert , Patricia Ellis , Warren Hull , Hobart Cavanaugh , Dorothy Vaughan and Clarence Wilson .	3
All " Heliamphora " species are endemic to the tepuis of the Guiana Highlands and their surrounding uplands .	4
However , the majority are deciduous , dying down to the storage organ for part of the year .	5
The main characters are " R. Amora " ( or " Amorai " ) , and " R. Rahamai " ( or " Rehumai " ) .	3
Convergent approaches can also be used to make dendrimers with peripheral ferrocene .	4
William F. Friedman attacked the Hebern machine soon after it came on the market in the 1920s .	5
After the operation 's flagship , minelayer , was sunk by the U.S. submarine on 12 May ( ) , the landings were postponed until 17 May .	5
He has coached Haverford 's cricket team since 1974 .	4
He produced and acted in " Hum Tum Aur Ghost " .	6
This would have left the states free to adopt their own interpretations of the Constitution .	7
" All compositions by Harold Vick except as indicated "	4
He played his first MLB game on June 8 , 1934 with the Chicago White Sox .	3
" Erzherzog Albrecht " was long at the waterline and long overall .	3
The larvae feed on " Chromolaena odorata " and " Eupatorium glabratum " .	3
The bridge added two rail tracks for the trams which use had been spread within Buenos Aires .	7
Alonso , running lighter again , needed to pit earlier than the rest of this pack .	7
" Publicity " is the twelfth episode of the American television series , " Smash " .	3
The concerto was played a second time on 26 May 1944 , with the horn played by Max Zimolong and Karl Elmendorff conducting the Staatskapelle Dresden .	6
Prototyped only - Bill Atwood - pictured in 1969 Dealer Catalog	6
" List of female United States Cabinet Secretaries	5
Both were also among the pioneering families that founded Sunnyside .	3
The female version is Kumari .	3
Compaoré has been in power since October 1987 , was first elected in 1991 , and was re-elected in 1998 .	4
However , Werth hit an RBI single to left field to score Utley .	6
One was " Slagsmål i Gamla Stockholm " and was filmed by Promio with Florman as an assistant .	4
Gąsiorowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The boundary line between Itasca and Koochiching counties is nearby .	5
All of the people killed were local people , there were a few Indians injured in the attack .	7
These included royal portraits and family portraits by Lely and van Dyck ( such as the double portrait of Philadelphia and Elisabeth Wharton ) .	5
Many accusations of treason were raised , notably against the commander , Colonel de Maillardoz , who had to flee into exile to Neuchâtel .	6
The show changed production facilities again in 1989 during its fourth season , this time at the Culver Studios , also in Los Angeles .	3
In 1912 , he moved to Ponce , Puerto Rico and began studying again , receiving his law degree .	6
Below is a list of models informally classified for convenience :	6
Unlike other mayoral replacements , French never served as Mayor in his own right .	3
He complained that the novel was both familiar and confusing .	4
It is monotypic , having no described or known subspecies .	6
Rollins refers to secret codes used by Thomas Jefferson and Lewis .	7
Arts College for Women ( P.K.R. )	4
Wells is the son of former England player Alan Wells , and the nephew of Colin Wells , both of whom also played for Sussex .	5
Thomson replied on the 27th , revealing that he was planning his own experiments and hoping for a reconciliation of their two views .	7
This season premiered on August 3 , 2015 , with " The Greater Hater " , a special half-hour episode .	3
The quarter-finals , played on 2 and 16 May 1909 :	5
Rabbi Alter became known as a Talmudic gaon .	4
It fell out the top ten in its third week , placed at number 11 and shifted over 11,000 units in that region .	7
Speaking outside the store , Murray Worthy , from campaign group War on Want , said :	5
Ma 'mun I ibn Muhammad 385 / 995	6
A single volume of " Ben-To A La Carte " was released on November 22 , 2013 .	5
Classic : Season 4 " , was released on March 25 , 2014 , on DVD .	5
The aircraft was flown from RAF Lossiemouth into Hawarden Airport in 1971 and was then towed to the college using an agricultural tractor !	5
The school participates in the CBSE youth festivals held under the banner of Sahodaya Association .	6
It stars Sanjeev Kumar , Zeenat Aman , Jackie Shroff Yashodhan Pandit	6
These were Presley 's first appearances on national TV .	3
The village has a population of 1,700 .	4
In other words , they turned their coats ( of arms ) from one lord to another , hence turncoat .	3
It lies approximately south-west of Szczytno and south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
The school conducts resident courses for enlisted , warrant officer , and commissioned officer personnel , as well as for international military students in military exchange programs .	4
Gold was discovered in the rural community in 1911 and was a steady industry for many years until closure of the mine in 1983 .	4
Hyrcanus ordered Antipater to supply corn and other provisions from Judea .	5
Etoile pulled out of the S.League prior to the 2012 season to focus on grassroots football and youth development .	5
I hadn 't seen anyone quite like him " .	6
The field only has dark rocks in it , so the darker the rabbit , the more effectively it can hide from predators .	4
The Commission found that Maladina negotiated this reduction by bribing the chairman of the Lands Board , Ralph Guise , and the Lands Minister , Viviso Seravo .	7
It is one of two high schools on the western side of the island .	5
2017 — Opened School of Global Governance and Collaboration ( the Department of Global Governance and Collaboration ) .	7
Chimpanzee , mountain monkey , owl-faced monkey , and more than 400 Angolan colobus have also been reported .	7
One True Voice released a further single in 2003 before acrimoniously splitting in August without having released an album .	5
Brlog ( ) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .	4
Various state governments in India enacted laws to ban this practice both prior to India 's independence and more recently .	4
Various jurisdictions phased them out at different times .	4
When available , seat projections are also displayed below the voting estimates in a smaller font .	3
Charles Tully 's " Tutor for the French Horn " , published in London , recommended this system for beginners as late as 1840 .	4
1992 New York Film Critics Circle Awards	6
The Savu River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania .	3
This meeting to place on the sidelines of the larger BRIC gathering also in Brasilia .	7
Seeking to not play just commercial roles , Fonseka appeared as Jinadasa in the groundbreaking " Gamperaliya " ( 1964 ) working again with Peries .	6
" Barasat Peary Charan Sarkar Government High School	6
The motivation for this violent rejection of his earlier self is the subject of considerable speculation .	5
Additionally , the Western United Life Assurance Company hired him as project manager to promote its planned residential development in Hilo .	4
Its boundaries are Avenida San Martín , Campana , Avenida Salvador María del Carril , Avenida de los Constituyentes , and Avenida Chorroarín .	3
" Last of the Good Straight Girls	4
On 17 March 2011 the MiG-21UM suffered a technical fault and crashed after takeoff from Benina airport .	6
Female emergence is spread over several weeks .	3
Bluefield is located at ( 37.262219 , -81.218674 ) in the Appalachian Mountains of West Virginia across the state border from Bluefield , Virginia .	6
After the conquest of Jalula , a Muslim force under Qa 'qa marched in pursuit of the Persians .	5
" The Courier-Journal " added that " he served on the Revision Committee with Mr. Justice John M. Harlan , of the United States Supreme Court .	7
There is a single fuscous spot at the end of the cell , beyond which the veins are traceable to the apical margin .	7
There was a military fort at the place in the 1860s .	3
Statistics exclude qualifying rounds and play-off round .	5
In 2000 , there were 1,659 newborns when in 2009 there were 2,377 .	4
Mayonnaise is very popular in Russia , where it is made with sunflower oil and soybean oil .	6
Bengaluru FC took the lead just before half time through John Johnson .	3
Andy Andrews ( born January 1 , 1959 ) is a former professional tennis player from the United States .	5
There are exceptions to the doctrine of sovereign immunities derived from the 11th amendment :	7
These were : Endeavour , Newtown Orlando , Redfern Waratah , Forest Lodge Cambridge , Waverley , Homebush , University II , Glebe and Gladesville .	3
For one thing , the impact factor might not be consistently reproduced in an independent audit .	3
They are monuments commemorating soldiers fallen in World War II .	7
They kick him out of the store , believing him to be just a small-time hood .	4
Ninewells is also now home to many of the commemorative plaques from Dundee Royal Infirmary .	5
In the following match Adisak scored two goals for Thailand .	4
Alice has second thoughts and tells Janine of Michael 's plans .	6
Four days after the veto , supporters of the proposal failed to override it when the City Council voted in favor of the Mayor 's decision .	7
Leftover items from these newsletters went to the " Last Harvest " list , from where Vine members could choose an unlimited amount of products .	5
Such subjects were simple for a lad who started learning the German language at the age of five years .	7
Until the Homestead Act of 1862 permitted formal settlement , there were conflicts between settlers and squatters .	5
On September 1 , 2016 , it was announced that this would be the final season for the show .	4
The book tries to help us understand what the many rituals and traditions say about people 's psyche .	7
The area was traditionally part of Lower Carniola .	3
The other sites were the Mars Train Station in Mars , Pennsylvania and the Strand Theater in Zelienople , Pennsylvania .	3
It is considered the “ crown jewel ” of the parks because it 's the smallest of the Utica Parks and Parkway system .	6
" White Liars & Black Comedy " was revived at Criterion Center Stage Right by The Roundabout Theatre Company directed by Gerald Gutierrez with the following cast :	5
The optimates tried to persuade the other nine plebeian tribunes to oppose the bill .	6
She was a rank-and-file member of the Australian Labor Party until the early 1980s and a trade unionist , currently in the National Tertiary Education Union .	3
He was appointed as the Montenegrin Minister of Finance in 1998 .	5
It features a feather motif to represent Lightning 's light , delicate side and her growing powers .	6
Other notable extinct Cenozoic aulopiforms include :	5
On 11 March 2005 , Brideson became the second Liberal frontbencher to announce publicly that he would not be contesting his seat at the 2006 state election .	6
Its aim was to explore properties of charm and bottom quarks .	6
In 1999 she received the Ingeborg Bachmann Prize for " Der Fall Ophelia " , part of her first collection of short stories " Seltsame Materie " .	7
An adjacent satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male offenders .	7
In 1969 , it was recorded by country music artist Jack Greene , released as a single and became a number 1 hit .	5
49 councillors were elected from electoral divisions which returned one county councillor each by first-past-the-post voting for a four-year term of office .	7
Also , in her spare time , she enjoys playing the flute , the piano , reading , walking , biking and many other outdoor activities .	6
He is a Hockey player and also played an important role in Hockey match by making Bheem win .	5
Thompson currently resides in Portland , Maine .	3
Interment in Mount Olivet Cemetery .	4
A chimney was provided to allow the house to be heated sufficiently to avoid freezing the stored crop .	7
His nickname " Marathon Man " was a reference to his ability to make a comeback when behind in a match .	5
" The Guardian " summarised it in 2010 as " suburban south-east London , with a large Afro-Caribbean population . "	3
Beauxart Gardens is an Unincorporated community in eastern Jefferson County , Texas .	3
This village is located near the border of India and Nepal .	5
John Wilson may refer to :	3
The district is noncompliant with state law , due to failing to post its Interscholastic Athletic Opportunities Disclosure Form on its website .	6
n ' roll band founded in Bristol 2010 / 2011 .	7
The minister is always attached to a ministry or state secretary bureau , today attached to the Ministry of the Armed Forces .	5
On 9 August 2018 , Atlético Madrid signed Kalinić on a three-year contract .	3
Such is the intent of the Hindu axiom , " Atman is Brahman , " and the Vedic lesson , " That thou art . "	3
By default , ' Loop = infinite ' so it is not needed to code the attribute ' Loop ' if you want a non-stop scroll .	7
It lies approximately east of Lubliniec and north of the regional capital Katowice .	6
He died at the château de Rochefort-en-Beauce aged seventy two .	6
" Note : G = Games pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts "	3
He was involved in the relocation of Yoruba recaptives to their homeland where the CMS was to set up missions at Abeokuta and Ibadan .	7
On 12 April " The Wanderer " was released as the second single from the album .	3
The Top 10 performed on Monday , November 18 , with results following on Tuesday , November 19 .	5
The village has a population of 1,201 .	4
She is set to reprise role again in an unnamed science thriller sixth installment of the " Jurassic Park " franchise in 2021 .	7
There are competent entomologists from recognised research establishments and universities of Russia , Belarus , Ukraine and the United Kingdom in the Journal editorial board .	6
The area of the future Żywiec County belonged to the Komorowski family , then it was divided among other families , such as the Wielopolskis .	4
Marigny founded the collegiate church of Nôtre Dame d 'Ecouis near Rouen in 1313 .	5
It was opened in November 1946 .	3
< nowiki > * < / nowiki > Party did not nominate candidates in the previous election .	3
Strategy revolves around decisions of whether to discard cards or not .	6
Greenberg 's death resulted from complications of Parkinson 's disease .	7
They walk off together , followed by a vehicle convoy carrying Malik 's new associates .	7
The George Grantham Bain Collection at the Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Division comprises approximately 40,000 glass plate negatives and 50,000 photographic prints .	6
Mulroney retired as prime minister and party leader in 1993 , and the Progressive Conservatives collapsed in the election held later that year winning only two seats .	7
The team which finishes 9th , will face the 2nd-placed 2014 – 15 SVB Eerste Klasse side for a two-legged play-off .	4
" St. Georg Church ( Reichenau Island )	3
In the confusion , Kemper tries to escape with his two gold bars and is shot dead by the posse .	4
It is located within both the Virginia and Monticello viticultural areas .	5
Custer is portrayed as a fun-loving , dashing figure who chooses honor and glory over money and corruption .	7
It has its own church , dedicated to St James the Less , although the benefice is combined with Maresfield .	5
Before this emergence , logic was studied with rhetoric , with " calculationes " , through the syllogism , and with philosophy .	4
Filtered vodka is pumped to the bottling line , where 5,000 bottles of Wyborowa are filled per hour .	6
Roseway was a brown mare bred and owned by the newspaper proprietor Edward Hulton .	7
Though Mars performs primarily as a one-man band , as he did on his previous album " Horseshoes and Hand Grenades " his work also contains J.D .	4
The Navy calculated a $ 450 million price for the arsenal ship , but Congress scrapped funding for the project in 1998 .	6
He has also served on the Military Child Education Coalition board of directors and the U.S.-India Business Council board of directors .	6
For his leadership in Murder , Inc . , Anastasia was nicknamed the " Mad Hatter " and the " Lord High Executioner " .	4
Hamburger SV was initially awarded the title because the other finalist , 1 .	3
It is also possible to achieve analysis in an array , which further speeds up processes and increases throughput of analysis .	7
David Longfen Ji is an American businessman who co-founded Apex Digital , an electronics manufacturer .	5
He considered it appropriate to derive the name from the unique three-lobed character of the central axis and a pleural zone to each side .	7
It was recorded around February 1978 same month as Barry recorded " Grease " performed by Frankie Valli with Peter Frampton on guitar .	7
His influences included the surrealists – he exhibited some surrelaist paintings .	4
He has also received the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal .	7
It was revived by the Gahadavalas , coming to power in the 11th century A.D .	4
The employee escaped out the back door when gunshots first rang out ; after getting outside , he called 911 .	3
Christian Markle Straub ( 1804 – 1860 ) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .	4
In 1997 , Karl Paranya ' 97 became the first ( and only ) Division III athlete to run a four-minute mile , clocking 3 : 57.6 .	5
" Pinus radiata " tannins has been investigated for the production of wood adhesives .	4
Xochiquetzal was worshiped as goddess of sexual power , patroness of prostitutes and artisans involved in the manufacture of luxury items .	6
By the 18th century , the city was totally enclosed .	3
Many of the references were a result of Robert California bemoaning his position in life .	6
Book One continues with a lecture given by economics professor Dr .	7
Newman was liable to maximum sentence of an unlimited fine or a year 's imprisonment .	7
" Rounds that were rescheduled are listed in the order in which they were played . "	5
pottian ( girls ) , choran ( thieves ) , machcharan ( mosquitoes ) , naaman ( names ) , kitaban ( books ) etc .	3
The white pines are tolerant of extreme environmental conditions and can be important postfire successional species .	3
Rather , Bridgepoint published a summary of responses called Bridgepoint Education Transparency .	7
There 's also a recreation of DONKEY.BAS for Apple 's iOS .	6
These are the Kanthiwala Bhand , Mole Bhand , Gandhiwala Bhand , Jumarwala , Jilpatia , Pathlerde , Juni , Mat and Bardika clans .	3
This was particularly true for the eastern parts of the country , for regions like Khorasan and Transoxiana .	5
It was described by Vives in 2009 .	3
NASA craftsmen and engineers built the tubular steel interior frame .	4
The expectation of " g " above would therefore be a constant times	4
He narrates that he is among the people responsible for the death of his parents .	6
DHNetwork also makes it simpler for organizations to define collaborative projects with the V & TCs .	6
The Marinetta was a concept trailer made by Toyota and shown during the 1971 Tokyo Motor Show behind the RV-1 concept car .	6
Three British submarines were sunk by the Japanese during the war : , , and ( which was mined ) .	3
Aeromak was founded in 2009 by Jat Airways now Air Serbia to replace the now-defunct airline , MAT Macedonian Airlines .	4
In light of the fraud , SEBI requested sweeping powers to investigate and prosecute fraudulent CISs .	6
This is played like a traditional poker game .	3
As Prime Minister , Sir John A. Macdonald " constantly made use of it " , promoting it " by precept and example . "	6
There she teaches the course Sociology II .	5
When the Federal Diet on October 30 formally requested Neuchâtel to supply its contingent of troops , the Principality refused .	6
The first six of these were to serve as pre-production models and were to be delivered by 30 September 1933 .	6
William Richard Arthur Pole-Tylney-Long-Wellesley , 5th Earl of Mornington ( 7 October 1813 – 25 July 1863 ) was a British nobleman .	7
During the 2012-13 season , whilst amongst the ECHL top scorers , Marshall was loaned to the Binghamton Senators on February 14 , 2013 .	3
As such he worked for major reforms in telecommunications , shipping , civil aviation , and insurance industries .	3
He became Director of Research in 2007 .	5
Like Adley , the industrialist Don Jones also headed the Louisiana Jaycees and was thereafter the national president as well .	4
The damage caused by this collision destroyed the submarine 's periscope .	7
Sulejki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Olecko County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Fans attending the event received an exclusive IMAX poster for the film .	7
Heraclius 's Imperial army was routed .	4
During this time , an Austrian raiding party attacked Berlin and almost captured the Prussian royal family .	4
Since Reagan left office in 1989 , substantial debate has occurred among scholars , historians , and the general public surrounding his legacy .	6
Therefore , prior to 1994 , when both Perserikatan and Galatama were merged into a new system called Liga Indonesia , both competitions existed in parallel .	6
The 2017 UCI Women 's Teams are :	5
Janardhana Iyengar and his wife , Indiramma Iyengar , had five sons — B.K .	4
In October 2011 , the video reached number one on their weekly video countdown , where it held that spot for a few weeks .	5
The album has sold 368,000 copies in the United Kingdom alone .	3
He was also one of the founding members of the Chavosh Artistic and Cultural Foundation .	6
Each of the hosts then comes up with a renovation plan to improve the functionality of the home , which are presented to the homeowners .	6
While at Bennington she became interested in avant-garde jazz , which she incorporated into her vocal style .	7
( Thus , a Lie algebroid can be thought of as ' a " Lie algebra with many objects " ' ) .	3
They usually are a few millimeters to a centimeter in length and under a millimeter thick .	4
Mycielin ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
SR 124 turns east and leaves Bluffton .	4
Majdalani ’ s work focuses on the theoretical and computational modeling of solid , liquid and hybrid rockets .	6
An anal claw is present with a single row of comb-shaped accessory hooks .	4
Nonetheless , production soon resumed , though without Kandel , as " Nu , pogodi ! "	3
No motors are allowed on this lake .	3
There was no promotion at the end of 2013 .	5
The group also created several maps .	3
It is widely used to cut moldings to create coped rather than mitre joints .	7
While some reports maintain that he beat Sultan " with difficulty " , others claim that his victory was relatively easy .	7
Vergne responded by expressing his surprise at the contact and Bird 's manoeuvres .	7
It operated for years between 1876 and 1955 .	4
Such profits would justify even the highest per acre prices reported around Huntsville .	5
On 25 October 1915 the battalion was transferred to 8th Brigade in 3rd Division .	3
The main objectives were Kolašin , Mojkovac , Mioče , Donja Morača , Gornja Morača , Boan , Đurđevića Tara , Nikšić , Šavnik and Žabljak .	3
The original IBM PC serial port card had provisions for a 20 mA current loop .	6
Giving children football training with proper education and shelter .	5
The last element of the name , " mark " or plural " mǫrk " , " forest " or " March " , i.e .	3
In this book , Schulman presents humorous summaries of what he claims are the fifty-three most important events since the beginning of time .	7
This process , together with conditions inside the camps and the slow progress of resettlement attracted much concern and criticism from inside and outside Sri Lanka .	7
The American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology provides certification examination in clinical neurophysiology .	5
agents sent in by the city to investigate the murders .	5
In a 1 – 1 draw against Southend United on 22 November 2016 , Vigouroux made a number of saves to keep the score down .	4
the UK Teks seemed to be gathering pace in 2010 mainly due to the increasing pressure on legal festivals for policing costs and licensing restrictions .	5
The settlement has a population of 23 .	4
In recent branding campaigns , the company has referred to itself as " the original Merck " and " the real Merck . "	3
" Drum Corps Associates Class A World Champions	6
A similar situation arises from codominance , in which the phenotypes produced by both alleles are clearly expressed .	6
The district of Annaberg became a part of the new district Erzgebirgskreis on 1 August 2008 .	5
( The antipope Felix V also made him a cardinal on 20 January 1440 . ) .	3
There is currently controversy regarding the ethnic identification of the Vlach community .	5
McCrone , Walter C. and John Gustav Delly , The Particle Atlas , Ann Arbor Scientific Publishers , Inc . , Ann Arbor , Michigan , 1973 .	3
With the threat of a mandated 30-hour work week , businesses " fell into line . "	5
Talented actor , director , and musician , Ashot Adamyan , is known not only in Armenia , but also in many other countries .	4
They have medium-sized and muscular bodies .	5
Why we have caused Books of Grammar to be so diligently prepared	4
The reasons for finding these people are still unknown .	5
The youth felt triumphant at this exhibition .	3
Sabbath Schools , health reform and medical work , printing , distribution of literature , religious liberty , missions , etc .	4
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	6
The newspaper was founded by David Johnson , who served as its editor and publisher .	6
When this term was attached to newspaper headlines in Western countries , it conjured the wrong image , bringing scrutiny to the project .	4
" Psycho " has been rated and re-rated several times over the years by the MPAA .	3
An experimental procedure was said to have restored most of his hearing .	5
He spent some time playing in Venezuela .	5
The village has a population of 3,214 .	4
In 2010 , at the Sandy Point High School , 85 students sat exams in 26 subjects .	4
" Lackawanna County District Attorney v. Coss	6
According to " The Times " , " The Model 800 represents what some believe to be the pinnacle in audio and video processing technologies . "	7
The form used by the Armenian Apostolic Church , which is part of Oriental Orthodoxy , has many more additions .	7
This project ended in 2010 .	3
In 1887 , Clarksburg laid its first six miles of water lines ; downtown streets were lit by electricity in 1889 .	4
This Largeness regress is commonly known under the name given to it by Aristotle , the famous Third Man Argument ( TMA ) .	5
Mufti also stated that the death penalty would be made mandatory for individuals convicted of raping a minor .	7
Often this is instead rewritten using multiple assignment , initializing the variable to a default value .	4
He received his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1990 , after studying there with Michael Artin .	5
Humboldt Coastal Nature Center of Friends of the Dunes on Stamps Lane includes the Stamps Dune House and surrounding dune landscape .	5
During this album , I turned to the Bible and wrote songs that I drew comfort from . "	4
Management relies on aggressive treatment of the factors that precipitated ATN ( e.g .	7
Bob leaves the dog in her care until he can decide whether to adopt him .	4
In the final scene of the movie , D arrives at Leila 's funeral , watching her loved ones mourn from a distance .	6
Rudava is a 45 km long river in western Slovakia , Záhorie region .	3
It generates more than 1million hit daily .	6
It is known that the Beatles performed by themselves before Gentle came on the stage .	5
9 with the Orchestra Sinfonica di Milano Giuseppe Verdi .	7
During the 1897 Exhibition two Swedish feature films were made .	4
Burkert suggests that useful parallels will be found in the relations between Etruscan and Archaic Greek culture and religion , or between Roman and Hellenistic culture .	7
The lower eight floors are for commercial use and the upper twelve floors are for residential use .	3
16 on the German Media Control Charts .	5
The only way to interrupt the proceeding is if Armand dies .	5
The ancient monuments discovered on the territory of Aghjabadi rayon attest to human habitation dating to the Eneolithic , Bronze Age periods .	5
" , her first novel , on October 24 , 1903 .	4
A longitudinal study shows that 6 hours after cells are infected with the Zika virus , the vacuoles and mitochondria in the cells begin to swell .	6
Additionally , the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students .	5
It is his first single to achieve mainstream airplay .	4
On January 13 , 1892 , the institution opened with 59 students under the name Washington Agricultural College and School of Science .	6
Aspect ratios up to several 10 can be reached .	5
The staff at Dundee Royal Infirmary included several notable academics .	4
It could cross a ditch wide , climb an obstacle high and ford a stream 80 cm deep .	4
The racial makeup of the village was 99.07 % White , 0.46 % Native American , and 0.46 % from two or more races .	4
The data synthesized from wind direction and speed is very useful to meteorological forecasting and timely reporting for flight planning .	7
Ultimate " , and a downloadable Mii costume in " Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS " and " Wii U " .	3
Bir Kasd Ali is a well known football club in the NRBK .	3
Its status as an open cross-platform API enables developers to port the same source across multiple devices with minimal effort .	5
Stand-by time : up to 450 hours	5
Gaines attended Florida High School which is a developmental school associated with Florida State University	6
Cryptanthus argyrophyllus is a species in the genus " Cryptanthus " .	4
When Kaiser Aluminum planned a new facility with 12,000 workers , Bill Finley was hired planned " Company Town " of 25,000 .	4
There are outdoor restrooms with plumbing adjacent to the picnic shelter .	5
First Epistle of Clement 1 : 1-26 : 2 ; John 10 : 1-12.20 ; 13 : 1-2.11-12 ; James 1 : 13-5 : 20 .	3
Duane Poole , who had written the original teleplay starring Patty Duke , wrote the musical 's book .	7
Rodell began studying martial arts at the age of nine .	5
McCaffrey alone wrote one Doona novel that was published in 1969 .	5
The median age was 36 years .	3
Moreover , Muslim missionaries did not encounter difficulty in explaining Islamic tenets to Zoroastrians , as there were many similarities between the faiths .	5
It was at this time that Ong entered as a consultant and purchased a stake in the company and reformatted the food chain 's entire marketing plan .	5
Dog units , mounted police , and police in full riot gear attended .	3
Orissa 2 1 1 0 04-01 + 3 4	7
Nguyễn Văn Cốc of the VPAF , who scored nine kills in MiG-21s is regarded as the most successful .	5
His responsa are held in high esteem .	3
One of his results was a 1901 theorem proving that the Riemann hypothesis is equivalent to a stronger form of the prime number theorem .	6
An African American private with a mustache who is occasionally seen in group shots in early seasons .	6
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation 's poetry or literature ( for instance , Irish or France ) .	7
" Ong Ah Chuan v Public Prosecutor	6
There was no way to console the child .	5
After recovering its aircraft late in the evening of 4 May , TF 17 retired towards the south .	7
BusinessNZ wish list targets tax and local government	4
Let 's put it on as a B-side , [ an ] hour long . '	4
Threats to this species include pollution via runoff of fertilizers , pesticides , oil , and other materials .	4
However , trade imbalances are the norm and balanced trade is in practice only an exception .	4
CÓDIGO DEONTOLÓGICO DE LA ASOCIACIÓN PSIQUIÁTRICA MEXICANA .	6
The built-in range types available include ranges of integers , big integers , decimal numbers , time stamps ( with and without time zone ) and dates .	4
At one blast it disposed of oceans of romance and blather .	7
In terms of the vulva , the labia majora is the site that is most often involved , followed by labia minora , clitoris and perineum .	5
Support a Safe House in Armenia	4
Wojciechy ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Telephonetics VIP was a software company that develops speech recognition and voice automation solutions .	7
The RC time constant matching method works as long as the transit time of the shielded cable is much less than the time scale of interest .	7
New re-releases of the film now remove Salvador 's directional credit and only bear Conde 's name in the posters .	4
In astronomy , a tetrad is a set of four total lunar eclipses within two years .	3
This streak included seven straight preliminary finals , three grand finals and two premierships ( 1996 and 1999 ) .	7
Rock from a borehole deep at Olkaria is around 450,000 years old . , but the surface features are no more than 20,000 years old .	7
" Tamshiyacu Tahuayo Regional Conservation Area	5
Ikrimah had insufficient forces to attack the overwhelmingly more numerous foe .	7
1947 EuroBasket : finished 3rd among 14 teams	5
Her formula is fairly consistent , often involving rich families facing a crisis , threatened by dark elements such as prison , fraud , blackmail and suicide .	7
The album is presented in a Mixtape format with nearly all of the songs edited for time length .	7
A new facility was built for CRPL in Boulder , Colorado , and dedicated by President Eisenhower in September 1954 .	4
This disguised character is placed in the stocks for an overnight and laments this turn of events at the end of Act II , Scene 2 :	6
Both these and other early prototypes featured swept wings .	4
His plan was first to clear the way to the north before taking any decisive action against Tikrit and Mosul .	7
is the most popular brand of Japanese mayonnaise , advertised with a Kewpie doll logo .	5
This patent was granted by the U.S. Supreme Court ( " Diamond v. Chakrabarty " ) , in a 5-4 decision , when it determined :	3
She made Galveston , Texas , on the 28 February and stayed there until 11 April 1946 , when she moved to Orange , Texas .	4
He participated at the 2017 IIHF World Championship .	5
In 1920 , during Japanese rule , the place was renamed , under , Shinchiku Prefecture .	3
Giovanni Sanfelice was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Muro Lucano ( 1423 – 1443 )	6
Seeds smaller than about in diameter were swallowed .	6
" Airborne Real-time Cueing Hyperspectral Enhanced Reconnaissance	6
In 2015 , the jury was expanded from three to five people .	3
There were calls to jail those responsible for the fire .	7
During this period ( 1947 to 1952 ) he was attached to 21 SAS TA .	5
It used the third-party Gamebryo game engine .	5
" Remittance man " is first attested in 1874 , as a colonial term .	3
Penyberth lies within its confines .	3
Many South Island bird species are now extinct , mainly due to hunting by humans and predation by cats and rats introduced by humans .	5
Nominated for the Ralph Waldo Emerson award given by the Phi Beta Kappa Society .	7
– Geography , Visual Arts , Psychology , Travel and Tourism , Mathematics , Physics , Chemistry , Biology , Health & Social Care and Performance Studies .	3
As the social standing of those buried in the cemetery rose , numerous famous 19th-century artists and architects designed grave markers .	6
They published their results with a geological map in 1930 .	3
Neighbouring municipalities are Kannonkoski , Karstula , Multia , Soini , Uurainen , Ähtäri and Äänekoski .	3
The major performances and a season ending gala take place in and around Houghton and Marquette between early June and mid July .	4
Legend has it that in the 7th century C.E .	5
He also played a prominent role in the civic affairs of Ravenshoe and the surrounding district .	4
The fund was praised by Peter Thiel , who invested in it and expressed enthusiasm for Palihapitiya 's approach .	7
Kaler published over 120 papers .	4
The two forces were about apart .	3
A plan and transcript of headstone inscriptions is available there also .	5
Use of BioCyc Database Collection in Research :	4
The band competed in the Western Australia final of the Australian National Campus Band Competition at the Planet Nightclub in North Perth in 1997 .	7
And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven .	6
Wan Mat Saman Aqueduct is the longest aqueduct in Malaysia .	3
At Universal Donlevy was in " When the Daltons Rode " ( 1940 ) then he went into Fox 's " " ( 1940 ) .	5
He received the formal commission three days after Kenny died .	6
Public fears of a Māori attack on Nelson lead to the formation of the Nelson Battalion of Militia in 1845 .	5
IDLCIL started as the merchant banking division of IDLC in 1999 .	6
He also played for Chesterfield Town and St Helens Recreation .	5
See 1931 college football season < br >	6
Lutek ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Front-page articles on Stein appeared in almost every New York City newspaper .	5
As the market stabilized and improved , the company refocused its efforts back to custom homebuilding .	4
An avid gamer since the days of the NES and GEnie , she reviews various tabletop games in her weekly column , " Monday Night Gaming . "	6
He was a member of the " Anthropocene " Working Group from 2010 to 2016 .	5
The village has a population of 675 .	4
He competed in the A.M.A .	3
Some cars had the bodywork done by other Italian coachbuilders .	4
source code , outside all functions , while a local variable is one declared within the body of a function or a block .	6
He decided to pass down his mantle as Ninja Master M to Morikawa sometime before the second qualifier Card Capital tournament .	6
The village has a population of 90 .	4
This is limited to those boxers weighing less than 48 kilograms .	7
MacCaffrey served as the Harvard History chair twice , and presided over a period of turmoil in the department .	6
However , this species has white flowers , and those in the frescos are red , which suggests they may be " Lilium chalcedonicum " .	5
The song has since been covered by artists such as Gracie Fields , Cleo Laine , and Donald Peers .	5
In the 1830s Kidd seemed to be perpetually moving and unsettled even though he was still quite prolific .	4
The new motorway overpass consisted of two spans , and carrying the main carriageways of the M7 over the existing M4 .	6
Falls Creek is impassable for boats .	3
" ( It ) was getting the two track and - and just basically switching it off , y 'know , the motors off .	3
Once inside , the insect finds the footing very slippery with a waxy surface covering the walls of the pitcher .	6
The Mexican vessels pursued the Texans , eventually the two brigs came within cannons range several hours later at 9 : 30 am .	5
Winning Appliances sells cooktops , ovens & uprights , rangehoods , dishwashers , refrigeration , microwaves , sinks , taps , washing machines , dryers and BBQs .	3
Its headquarters are in Daytona Beach , Florida .	3
You can call her " Aunt " if you want to but she " isn 't " your aunt ! "	3
The hindwings are ochreous-grey-whitish , towards the tornus sprinkled with grey .	5
Stosz has three siblings , all brothers .	4
He invented the SALT Cellular Automata family .	5
The boy attempts to run away , crossing the bridge to the other half of the town with the street children .	7
It moved to Marckebeke and Harlebeke airfields .	5
Of all households , 48.1 % were made up of individuals and 24.6 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
The result is a heavier gun , for its size , that is bulkier and may be less aesthetically appealing than designs employing recoil operation .	7
Under new management , Mullin played in his natural attacking role through the middle .	4
Two sides of the building envelope were clad in hinged slats of wood , which could be opened or closed depending on the weather .	7
The adoption of the Islamic form of dress did not signify a return to segregation of the sexes or female seclusion .	5
By the time South Carolina got its first 1st down , late in the second quarter , Alabama was ahead 38 – 0 .	3
Cover art was again by Tony Fitzpatrick with additional art by Reneé French .	3
After 1824 , the area was included in Logan County .	3
In the 1970s , Rame began writing plays ( often stage monologues ) of her own , such as " Grasso è bello ! "	4
All members sing , with Eric Miller taking most lead vocals .	6
The settlement has a population of 2 .	4
All habitats have capacity for both space and resources .	5
Four armchairs with built-in speakers play nine hours of Handel 's music .	5
Zhang Chunhua was from Pinggao County ( 平臯縣 ) , Henei Commandery ( 河內郡 ) , which is present-day Wen County , Henan .	3
Hartlepool retired Maidens ' number 25 shirt .	5
Some of the work performed by Infinity includes :	6
The median age was 44 years .	3
There are noises and rumbling disturbing the silence of his domain .	7
It was here John began playing like a true legend .	4
His full name was never mentioned in the series .	3
Simply known as " Chris " to his friends , he is the best cardfighter at SIT , making him the leader of Team SIT Genius .	5
17.0 % of all households were made up of individuals and 8.6 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
For the Swedish long work hours have been replaced with 6-hour workdays with 1 % of the population working more than 50 hours a week .	7
Each track on the song was recorded and overdubbed separately .	4
South Africa played 2 two-day day / night warm-up fixtures at the Adelaide Oval and the Melbourne Cricket Ground in preparation for the day-night Test match .	7
The wings are generally positioned on the outside of the backline with the number 11 on the left and the number 14 on the right .	5
Charlotte , a young woman , is abducted by Baron Meier Link , a vampire nobleman who is known not to harm humans needlessly .	6
Amateurliga Saar , Gruppe West ( IV ) and in 1964 slipped to lower-tier play .	4
Among the last holdouts was Jones ' former adoptive father , Captain Jim , and his family .	3
The magazine was , however , highly controversial .	3
Dear friend , I write to pour myself out to you and to affirm myself to myself .	6
They built several Vishnu temples in Ayodhya , five of which survived till Aurangzeb 's reign .	5
The song was released as the lead single from their debut self-titled EP .	6
Aleema Khanum is an entrepreneur and philanthropist who is the founder of a Lahore-based textile buying house , CotCom Sourcing ( Pvt. )	7
Negotiations with the alternative investor , a consortium led by SK Engineering of South Korea also broke down .	7
Josef Bonelly was financially ruined by the raid on his property , and there is no evidence of how he supported himself after selling his farm .	7
He moved to Texas A & M University Texarkana in 2005 .	5
She also lived in Washington , D.C. where she performed in many plays and musicals at various theaters .	5
Maladjusted and a born loser , Phoring fights the voices in his head which he calls God .	4
Singapore – World Bank Third Country Training Programme	6
Also , certain dealers will not provide this information as they may not be aware themselves .	3
After his desertion , however , Henry finds some comfort in the laws of nature , which seem to briefly affirm his previous cowardice :	6
The organization also plans to review its collective relationship to Russia .	5
Some virtual firewalls integrate additional networking functions such as site-to-site and remote access VPN , QoS , URL filtering and more .	7
He made his Prva HNL debut in the 2005 – 06 season at age 17 .	6
King Constantine I , Queen Sophia and " Diadochos " George therefore returned to Athens on 19 December .	4
He later played for Taranaki in the Hawke Cup .	3
Pinharanda , Joao Adraga - Solo Exhibition - Galeria Luis Serpa , Lisbon , Portugal , Publico , Review , 2 February 1995 .	3
Initially the Glasgow club was open five nights a week and by 2003 it had joined the Edinburgh club opening 7 nights a week .	5
Yrjö Kokko illustrated several of his books with nature photographs taken by himself .	6
Listed in order of publication year	5
The new qualification comprises six units and can be taken either in stages ( see Advanced Subsidiary below ) or as a terminal examination .	6
He started painting in 1967 , while attending the College of Textile - Chemical School in Zagreb , from which he graduated in 1972 .	7
He claims to be from the father 's city and is responsible for locating and accounting for its inhabitants .	7
Moriarty stated that the " show seemed to take an interesting and much-desired turn for the better " .	7
At age 11 , Hardwick was admitted to boarding school with a scholarship .	3
First and foremost , he is a soldier on the frontline of Earth 's defences .	6
It is 41 minutes in length , and is arguably not an EP , but rather a short LP , and thus a proper album .	3
A bloody battle was fought and Hamadan was recaptured by the Muslims .	4
The " Kuznetsov " -class is the first Soviet carrier to be designed with a full-length flight deck .	4
For the 1979 coaster , Kings Island set its sights on a record-breaking ride that would transcend nostalgia and appeal to a wider audience .	6
The team behind the Merregnon CD project is also responsible for producing the European Symphonic Game Music Concert-series and furthermore was participating in the world-tour of PLAY !	5
2010 – current Motorcycles : 1A-2BC – 1F- ( 1-9 ) CK , 1I- ( 1-9 ) II , 1O- ( 1-9 ) OO .	3
Zalewo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Before 1876 the Prime Minister for Justice had in practice been granted exclusively to members of the most prominent noble families .	5
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	6
Diesel engines produced by the General Motors Cleveland Diesel and Detroit Diesel Engine Divisions	7
There were protests coming from some Buddhists who considered the name of the bar insulting .	7
" Nintendo Power " nominated it for " best puzzle game " and " best " Pokémon " game " .	3
He later enrolled in the University of Mississippi School of Law to become a tax lawyer , but his interest shifted to general civil litigation .	6
A Fenwick tree is most easily understood by considering a one-based array .	4
11 ( Scottish ) Commando in 1940-1941 .	3
The other models were Naomi Campbell , Kate Moss , David Gandy , Karen Elson , Jourdan Dunn , Georgia May Jagger and Stella Tennant .	3
Teams are scored on role-playing and achieving personal and team goals .	7
She qualified for that race as the new junior World Champion but only finished 25th in last place .	4
I wanted a place where there was good vibes , where I was among family , and it was Tuff Gong . "	6
The population density was .	3
Town artists appointed in Glenrothes include David Harding and Malcolm Robertson .	5
" North Carolina Tar Heels men 's lacrosse	6
The Palliative Care Unit ( inpatient and home care team ) serves patients referred from hospitals of the Kowloon West Cluster .	7
39.2 % of all households were made up of individuals and 22.4 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
Being neutral , Mexico could not be cut off by Lincoln 's Federal blockade .	4
Prost then drew closer to Vergne and the pressure put onto Vergne caused him to hit the bollards at the chicane .	7
As of January 2015 the following working groups were in operation :	6
In North America the food plants are " Salix arctica " and " Salix reticulata nivalis " .	3
The game represented the final game of Southern Miss quarterback Brett Favre 's collegiate career .	7
It turns east and crosses US Route 11 .	4
Austria is investigating the possibility of banning headscarves for women employed in public service .	7
Megatron demanded Starscream to hand over the Negavator to him , and the latter agreed hastily , with the purpose of avoiding his leader 's wrath .	7
In this case , again , the Biot number will be greater than one .	3
It was a critical failure received negative reviews of the presentation and the jury and had a small number of audience reached 1 % .	7
At 06 : 25 on 7 May , TF 17 was south of Rossel Island ( ) .	6
In 2013 , the Supervisors are : George Bowen ( Chair ) , G. Allen Miller , and Paul Pritchard .	3
He shared the popular odium which Philip incurred by debasing the coinage .	7
In 1962 , however , these departmental lawyers were brought together in a common legal service .	3
In 1971 , Corrie became the sole coach after Skinner retired .	5
The dam was built by WV Hall and Elliott on behalf of the New South Wales Department of Land and Water Conservation for industrial purposes .	6
Next day the British were in Roubaix and Tourcoing and by the evening of 22 October , the British had reached the Scheldt from Valenciennes to Avelghem .	5
Over one kilogramme of grain is used in every one-litre bottle .	4
African-American musical talent was frequently highlighted in Allen 's television programs , especially in the 1960s .	4
Contracts remain valid and third parties will be unaffected by this alone .	6
Saturday Night Fever is the soundtrack album from the 1977 film " Saturday Night Fever " starring John Travolta .	5
" Turn the Clock Around " is a teen dance-pop song that lasts for three minutes and thirty seconds .	6
The frequent pain from mastitis forced me to release the milk trapped in my body .	7
Whitstable has no parish or town council .	5
Passenger traffic carried by road in Lyman and Astrakhan .	6
During the Truman administration , Nash served directly for the president as his Special Assistant from 1946-1952 , and as his Administrative Assistant 1952-1953 .	3
He finds some scenes not convincing , " including the feel-good ending . "	3
The median age was 38 years .	3
A fusion of bass-heavy electronic style reggae incorporating elements of metal , rock and funk .	7
എന്റെ നാടിന്റെയും നാട്ടുകാരുടെയും ക്ഷേമത്തിലും അഭിവൃദ്ധിയിലുമാണ് എന്റെ ആനന്ദം .	7
Glenville has a golf club and recreation center , among several other facilities built at the old county poor farm .	7
The semi-finals , played on 29 May 1927 :	4
These branches were in Blackburn , Burnley , Bury , Colne and Nelson , Great Harwood and Padiham .	3
Schalke equalised in the 87th and scored the winning goal three minutes later through Ernst Kuzorra .	7
This is in contrast to fixed block architecture ( FBA ) CCWs which are used to access FBA DASD subsystems .	7
Full-grown larvae can be found from April to June .	3
The term record album originated from the fact that 78 RPM Phonograph disc records were kept together in a book resembling a photo album .	7
Many of the farms surrounding the historic site are large .	6
" Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum	3
Øksendal Church ( ) is a parish church in the municipality of Sunndal in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .	7
This generating set is equivalent to [ " x " , " y " ] via the complicated :	3
The film stars William Boyd , Andy Clyde , Rand Brooks , Virginia Belmont , Earle Hodgins and James Harrison .	3
The McNeil River is a river on the eastern drainage of the Alaska Peninsula near its base and conjunction with the Alaska mainland .	6
Gundis sleep in piles to stay warm during the winter .	5
He was an adopted son and successor of the Wu regent Xu Wen who usurped power from the Wu emperor Yang Pu .	7
She " resets " and leaves the game , narrowly avoiding losing her avatar .	6
" List of Washington State Cougars football seasons	5
The merger took place on 5 February 1967 .	3
It has 531 students enrolled as of 2017 .	6
One person was killed and three others were critically injured on Sunday when a ladder on which they were working inside a shopping mall here collapsed .	7
Each year elections are held to choose 4 new Board members in place of those whose term expired .	7
The manga has also been licensed and translated into multiple languages throughout Europe and other parts of Asia .	7
He also enjoys a very respected status in the Bahawalpur region .	4
Protected by limited liability , their shareholders put profit above risk .	6
The dialects are Pasè , Peusangan , Matang , Pidië , Buëng , Banda , Daya , Meulabôh , Seunagan and Tunong .	3
In 1939 , a priest sued Wegrocki for failing to repay a personal loan he made to help set up a medical practice .	6
According to Population Census 2011 performed by Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics , The total population of Duptiair union is 26,336.There are 5,677 households in total .	7
For example , the convent prior exclaims against Friar John when the latter bursts into the chapel ,	4
The series concluded on November 23 , 2012 with a two-part special episode titled " iGoodbye . "	6
Events from the year 1972 in Michigan .	5
Hearing of the miracles and good works performed by Christian disciples , he writes to Pope Eleutherius asking for assistance in his conversion .	7
In the 1995 World championships , she again received a bronze medal in " relay " , with the same Czech team .	3
He trained to become a carpenter at Ongwediva Industrial School between 1939 and 1942 .	7
The 1934 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska in the 1934 college football season .	5
The village has a population of 345 .	4
The handle of a handpump is often used as a symbol of cask ale .	4
A significant box-office success , it was followed in 2017 by " The Lego Batman Movie " .	4
Though initially episodic in nature , it becomes apparent as the series progresses that Munsu 's travels are not random .	7
" Honeywill and Stein Ltd v Larkin Brothers Ltd	7
As she rode through Manhattan to her hotel , she was able to get a sense of the publicity that would hallmark her US tour .	7
The boisterousness of the crowds in Albert Square meant the Lord Mayor struggled to make his speech heard above chants of " We want Bert " .	7
House is very adept at structuring conversations to be informative and humorous at the same time .	4
" Jacob Blessing the Sons of Joseph	4
Finally , in 1854 , Airy got the value by measurements in a coal mine in Harton , Sunderland .	3
He commanded Wing 4 and Wing 7 in succession .	7
34s ( including 9 LT vz .	4
The restaurants are operated by Japanese expatriates and are run as private businesses , but they must pay a fee to the state .	5
Mohammed Fuzuli , Bayandur khan , Dede Gorgud belong to Bayat tribe .	4
with Rufus Hound , Joe Swash and Sara Cox on Watch .	3
Japan 's Naval General Staff estimated that it would take two to three months to repair " Shōkaku " and replenish the carriers ' air groups .	7
It is a mixture of 2x2 and 2x3 lane road , with recent construction work to widen some of the 2x2 lane sections ( 2018 ) .	7
As BC 610A retreated , the Communists turned captured howitzers on Skyline Ridge despite being struck by four flights of tactical air .	7
Disc 2 ( only CD / DVD release )	5
21 SEP 1985 Argentina 102 - 3 Paraguay	6
In September 2008 , his M.Phil dissertation was published as a book , " " From Varna to Jati " " .	3
The shortest-lived Prime Minister was Sanetomi Sanjō , who died at the age of 53 years and 352 days .	6
For the actual calculation the cavity surface is approximated by segments , e.g. , hexagons , pentagons , or triangles .	3
Lobster Brown scored Tech 's points .	4
A functional receptor for IL-23 ( the IL-23 receptor ) has been identified and is composed of IL-12R β1 and IL-23R .	5
Bordj Ghedir District is a district of Bordj Bou Arréridj Province , Algeria .	4
It was abolished in 1979 when it was merged into Guelph riding .	4
It comes under Coimbatore Municipal Corporation .	3
Welthauptstadt Germania was the projected renewal of Berlin as a planned city , although only a small portion was constructed between 1937 and 1943 .	5
The lead vocalist is inclined to shout too much , but then , maybe that is the appeal of the group . "	4
The myth tells how Patmos existed as an island at the bottom of the sea .	6
With the outbreak of war , " Defender " was assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet and arrived in Alexandria on 19 September .	4
Angelo uncovers Jack 's cousin Hugo Austin ( Bernard Curry ) is the mastermind behind the operation .	4
The system reportedly generates up to 60 % more energy per roof .	5
purchases and distributes VLB-36 LED red and green lanterns .	6
He had a very good forehand and backhand .	4
" List of caves in Somaliland	3
An exhibition tournament was held at the 1936 Berlin Games , with France , Germany , Italy and Romania competing .	6
Take your skirrets and boil them , skin them , then cut them to lengths about two or three inches .	7
This led to an eight-member band , with the unusual feature of having two vocalists , two drummers , two guitarists , and two bassists .	5
It was sort of how he looked to me , with the 8 , obviously , and then the two B 's . "	3
" N-prop-2-enyldecan-1-amine ; trimethyl- [ 6- ( prop-2-enylamino ) hexyl ] azanium ; prop-2-en-1-amine ; 2- ( chloromethyl ) oxirane ; hydrogen chloride ; chloride . "	3
" , " The Completionist " , " Indie Games Searchlight " , and " Continue ? "	3
The party has 62 members in 20 of the 31 Frisian municipal councils .	4
The village has a population of 255 .	4
Examples of plastics used in building are :	6
The LPC archive now forms part of the collection of the National Railway Museum .	6
It was commenced in Sibsagar and was pushed on vigorously , but it was not completed until after his death .	4
For every 100 females , there were 84.2 males .	3
It won the 1933 and 1935 premierships .	5
The world big year record of 6,833 species was set in 2016 by Arjan Dwarshuis of the Netherlands .	4
The water distilling plant and the refrigeration system were damaged , but there were no casualties amongst the crew .	5
Changes made from C & S RB Chimera :	6
He went on to finish eighth and scored a point .	5
Founded in 1552 , it is the oldest of four independent schools in Bedford run by the Harpur Trust .	6
He spent a period at the All One Farm , a commune in Oregon that was owned by Robert Friedland .	6
The buildings and the spaces between them contribute to the industrial aesthetic of the place .	6
South and East Falkland Basin	5
Ornowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Forty-three ships initially went to the British Royal Navy and seven to the Royal Canadian Navy .	6
He reached his career high ranking of World No .	5
In 2007 , total output of the district was 55879.9 thousand manats , and 36685.8 thousand manats or 66 per cent falls to agriculture 's share .	5
Consequently , both England and Portugal can consume more wine and cloth under free trade than in autarky .	4
24.3 % of all households were made up of individuals and 12.5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
Since 2007 , the global Making Commitments Matter Initiative is concerned with the creation of a searchable database of UN resolutions and conventions ( UN-informed.org ) .	7
Jurgen wrote and self-published several books during his career , including :	5
In 1734 followers of what would become the Schwenkfelder Church arrived in Philadelphia and settled in the region .	7
The LRC is still currently on the air and was the subject of a 2004 documentary by filmmaker Marissa Acosta .	4
His influences are Zigaboo , Buddy Rich , Louis Bellson , Billy Cobham , James Brown , Stevie Wonder and other drummers , primarily from New Orleans .	3
On 23 November " Druid " brought a French brig , that may or may not have been " Basque " , into Cork .	3
Smith states that cultivated gentlemen developed more than one script .	6
Under Denis L. Feron , Chemetco had been a major producer of high-purity copper derived from secondary sources – recycled and residual materials .	4
Nashville architect P. J. Williamson designed the building , which was completed at a cost of $ 1,800 .	7
There was a mutiny by the soldiers .	4
The ground squirrels will go back into their burrows in the afternoon .	3
Reviews were mixed , but the CD ranked as number 14 on the World Music Charts Europe by September 2007 .	7
" Karl Klaus von der Decken	5
The British passed the message to the U.S. , along with their conclusion that Port Moresby was the likely target of " MO " .	4
Stryn 22 16 2 4 82 – 33 50 Play-off	6
Characters encountered in gamebooks who appear in " Titan " include :	7
By the end of their practice , 28 percent of Paul and Thomson 's time was devoted to pro bono work .	5
In an attempt to scotch this myth , James published the testimonies of over seventy witnesses to the birth .	5
Klebark Mały ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
ग्रामो रामो रम इह मतो विग्रहैर्वेदसञ्ज्ञैः ॥	6
The six neighborhood schools are Boyd E. Smith , Meadowview , McCormick , John Pattison , Mulberry , and Charles Seipelt .	3
" Colombia at the 2011 Parapan American Games	5
For example , the melody pitches in mm .	3
Sophie began communicating through drawings and revealed she knew more about her mother 's death than anyone else .	7
It was the 68th test series between the two sides with Australia finally winning 4-1 .	4
Microsoft also distributes Visual Studio 2008 / 2005 Professional Editions , and server / database counterparts to students as downloads free of charge via its DreamSpark program .	6
The communion rail with twisted balusters dates from the late 17th century .	3
Naval airship based at Seddin .	4
Practically every single department and course of study available at Texas tech University is represented in the Goin ' Band 's membership .	7
" Sophia of Saxe-Weissenfels , Princess of Anhalt-Zerbst	4
Page with information and link to the sound of the coqui frog	6
It was also the birthplace famous Ming dynasty writer Gu Yanwu .	7
A " Jasta 39 " pilot was shot down and killed and a balloon of " BK 10 " destroyed on 3 December .	6
On August 26 , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) began monitoring a tropical wave between the western coast of Africa and the Cape Verde Islands .	6
The first season of the anime show Yu-Gi-Oh !	3
Lotus poolbuilt in the Song dynasty Pu Dong Thap , carvings .	7
One is that Ellicott 's original rock was upstream .	5
He is best known for developing the theory underlying the literacy philosophy of whole language .	7
Disease and starvation killed thousands .	5
For reasons begging further research , in 1913 difficulties arose .	5
The song became a modest hit in Romania and Bulgaria .	5
He soon took up residence and called it " New Barbadoes , " having previously resided on the island of Barbados .	6
competed in the Football League First Division .	4
Wheeler was born in Walnut , Kansas .	3
Certain infectious and parasitic diseases ( A00-B99 )	5
Four years later in Beijing , Lespoir was eliminated in the heats in both the K-1 500 m and the K-1 1000 m events .	5
During most of her convoys , " Sigourney " was the flagship of the screen commander but did not herself have any confirmed submarine contacts .	4
The memoir explores what it means to be female and describes Prince 's struggle with gender issues .	7
NIRMAN provides guidance , expertise and environment to inculcate self learning and encourages youth for social action .	6
Three separate original video animations ( OVAs ) totaling 30 episodes were subsequently produced by Nippon Animation and released in Japan from 2002 to 2004 .	5
She would often go on excursions with her brother , Leo , with whom she developed a close relationship .	5
During the period often termed the " Scramble for Africa " , in 1884 Spain acquired what is now Western Sahara .	3
At the 1997 Canadian Juniors , the team finished the round robin with a 7-5 record , in a 5-way tie for 3rd place .	3
It was released once again in 2011 by Universal Music Enterprises in a Japanese-only SHM-SACD version .	4
OMZ manufactures a wide range of steel , custom and industrial components for nuclear power plants , petrochemical and mining operations and utilities .	5
It fought mostly with the Army of Northern Virginia and was a unit in A.P .	4
Sex , Drugs and Self-Control is the sixth album by rapper John Reuben , released on December 22 , 2009 .	4
That same cartoon has appeared in virtually every issue published since , always with a different caption .	3
Prior restraint laws have never fared well in courts since , including the case of the Pentagon Papers .	4
The site is on an eminence overlooking the village of Trysull .	5
Following the German Empire 's defeat in the war his brother King Frederick Augustus III was forced to abdicate as the monarchy was abolished .	7
He had visited the Dalkey line and he had been impressed with the capabilities of the atmospheric system on that line .	6
The film ends with Dai running towards a billboard memorializing Shingo .	6
Emigration continued well into the 20th century .	3
However , should there be an unexpected vacancy within the District Courts , the Commission may provide the same serve as it does for the higher courts .	3
Born in Troy , New York , Wilson got into still photography as a boy and graduated from Rochester Institute of Technology and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .	7
While for Rajasthan Legislative Assembly , he fought his first election in 1980 and held this post till 2003 .	4
They return to the hotel and find information about the ritual from Lorne 's research .	7
It included areas formerly belonging to Strugo-Krasnensky and Porkhovsky Districts .	6
Another function of these spines was protection from predators .	4
Therefore , sum _ of _ squares can call square without its own n being altered .	5
Stats reflect time with the Flames only .	4
The adventurers have to defeat hostile vegetation and traps ( e.g .	6
Coop and Dennis see the other film reels to get a way out of this problem .	5
Just two years later Denmark became officially Lutheran .	5
Upon the completion of Tsing Yi Bridge , roads were built to various places including Tsing Yi Town .	5
Exit numbers on Autoroute 540 are numbered from north to south , unlike other Autoroutes which are numbered from south to north .	5
The academy is the first football academy to be run by a club itself in Nepal .	4
Since its announcement , the development has been plagued by many delays and setbacks including an endangered bat species being found on the property .	5
Together , Paul and his wife Hildegard raised their three children , Henry , Walter , and Cristel in the villa .	4
Loom , weaving , production of tans , arts , wood carving , making of masks and pottery are also developed .	6
The individual elements of the North Rügen Bodden chain comprise the :	7
He also learned a lot of Tommy Engstrand 's passion and the directness of Åke Strömmer .	6
Salo , J. , R. Kalliola , I. Hakkinen , Y. Makinen , P. Niemela , M. Puhakka , and P.D .	3
She has numerous stakes-winning descendants worldwide , including Encosta de Lago and Holy Roman Emperor .	5
In 1885 Merrill earned his Bachelor of Science in physics .	5
A TORP replaces the entire ossicular chain while a PORP replaces only the incus and malleus but not the stapes .	5
However , she considers herself to be truly a product of Eastern and Western culture .	6
Reacting to the verdict , all the three parties announced that they would appeal against the division of disputed land in the Supreme Court of India .	5
со своја волја судба и сева ,	6
Such modifications usually consist of grafting armour plating and weapon systems onto a vehicle .	6
He was a paternal great-great-grandson of politician Hans Riddervold , He was a nephew of editor Henrik Jørgen Schibsted Huitfeldt .	5
US 63 / I-555 serves as a by-pass for southern Jonesboro .	5
Bishop Sales attended all the sessions of the Second Vatican Council between 1962 and 1965 .	6
We don 't ever want to go back and be beholden to the big mining companies again . "	7
The cenotes are deep water filled sinkholes formed by water percolating through the soft limestone soil for thousands of years .	7
The homeowner vacancy rate was 1.2 % ; the rental vacancy rate was 3.6 % .	4
Saturday , October 26 , 2013 – 8 : 07 p.m. ( EDT ) at Busch Stadium in St. Louis , Missouri	3
Jono was a member of the X-Men 's junior team Generation X , although he was sullen and moody and had difficulty bonding with teammates .	4
1996 ) and Marcos Alejandro ( b .	5
The National Centre of Social Republicans ( " Centre national des républicains sociaux " , CNRS ) was a French Gaullist political party founded in 1954 .	5
And , with the reduction in transport and communication costs , capital has become increasingly mobile and frequently moves from one country to another .	5
In December 2011 , Sathe won the Creative Innovation Award at the Women in TV & Film Awards for her work on " E20 " .	4
The Philippines now supports the lifting of western sanctions against Burma .	4
He resigned around 1958 and founded a company which dealt in Building and Civil Engineering .	7
All songs written by Peter Gabriel , except where indicated .	4
These are scientific meetings open for public .	4
Ushenko sometimes uses herself as a model , as do many artists ; she has stated that this is mostly out of convenience , not autobiography .	5
Addison , who freed the slaves he inherited , publicly advocated the abolition of slavery as well as the practice of dueling .	6
Only seniors with expiring eligibility are eligible to be drafted by MLL teams in the annual January drafts .	5
Jim Easton , Dave Harkison , Lindsay Henderson , Dave Porter , Frank Fiddler , Steve Brown , Kevin Moye , John	3
reunited and started life anew when peace settled back in the province .	6
In 2011 Šigauskas won a bronze medal at the European Grand Prix in Antalya , Turkey .	3
Keyser 's government is headed by a mayor and five-member city council .	5
West points out a conversation in this episode that illuminates Lindsey 's character .	7
Of 99 human sera tested , 6.1 % had neutralizing antibodies .	3
By 1950 , only 4,353 Mozambicans out of 5,733,000 had been granted the right to vote by the Portuguese colonial government .	5
The team played its home games in Bramlage Coliseum in Manhattan , Kansas , its home court since 1988 .	3
GAC built three types of aircraft during the First World War and operated a flying school .	5
" Good Fortune ( 78 Saab album )	3
As mentioned above , the WA Nationals , unlike their federal counterparts , were not bound by any federal Coalition agreement .	3
This was a vision cherished by Dr Haydn Williams .	4
This is a complete list of ice hockey players who played for the Adirondack Phantoms of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .	7
" We are just blessed and grateful to have you in our lives . "	5
It 's a camp extravaganza of such exquisite awfulness , such unembarrassable silliness , that you watch it hypnotised . "	4
Nimiaghat is a railway station on the Asansol-Gaya section of Grand Chord .	4
In addition to their autographs , the soldiers drew elaborate pictures of men and women , and wrote inscriptions commemorating their units and their battles .	6
St. John is located at ( 47.090403 , -117.582085 ) .	3
The success of the re-issue of " West with the Night " provided enough income for Markham to finish her life in relative comfort .	5
On 1 June 1908 , " Onward " was involved in a head-on collision with the steamer , killing the bow lookout man .	5
He continued to travel and lecture after retirement .	5
In 2002 , he joined the London office of Deutsche Bank AG as a Director , heading up the Department of Transactions on Eastern European Markets .	7
He won scholarships to the North Carolina school of the Arts located in Winston-Salem .	7
" Peru at the 2011 Parapan American Games	5
His research has been covered by David Attenborough , " Discover Magazine " , and other media outlets .	3
By 2010 the grape was officially recognized by the Spanish government as a commercial wine grape .	3
In 2002 Halifax Court was made a full College of the University and was renamed as Halifax College , York .	5
Brett married Henrietta Colby ; the couple had two sons , who died in infancy , and a daughter .	6
At Bechly 's funeral , Iowa Judge William Robinson Lewis read a tribute for Fred Bechly that was published in the Poweshiek County Palladium .	6
Three weeks later , Sakata died .	4
In 1937 , they were affiliated with the St. Louis Browns .	3
The Longman-NTM-CIIL English English [ Indian Languages ] Dictionary Series has been published by Pearson Education India	5
D strikes this vision of his mother down with his sword and returns to a normal state .	4
Before 1945 , the area was part of Germany ( East Prussia ) .	3
Previously , the Elite Choir performed at the well-known Carnegie Hall with multiple other choirs .	3
Stephen Kalonzo Musyoka ( born 24 December 1953 ) is a Kenyan politician who was the tenth Vice-President of Kenya from 2008 to 2013 .	5
Eighth graders are tested in : reading , writing , mathematics and Science .	5
• Smith BD , Wilson HN , Clark M. Creating and Using Customer Insight : 12 Rules of Best Practice .	7
Originally , there were no criteria beyond those implied by the award 's name .	7
He belonged to the Qasimid family that was descended from Muhammad .	5
Holcocera mortis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica .	4
Across the top is inscribed “ Vermont National Defense , ” uniting the interests of our state with our nation .	7
Several sets of remains had to be reinterred to accommodate the new construction .	7
Written by Greg Lake when he was 12 years old and recorded by the trio using improvised arrangements ,	7
In September 2012 , Seeed released their fourth studio album , " Seeed " , their first release in six years .	3
She purchases a ticket on a ship while the Regents ' assassins follow closely behind .	5
The children of Mrs. Carphin were merchant ship masters and the family had some financial resources .	4
Bill McKell who would later become Australia 's Governor General also played for Balmain in 1909-10 .	6
In 2007 Llop was signed as the new manager of Club Atlético Banfield in the Primera Division , he was replaced by Miguel Jerez in 2008 .	5
King Albert himself was kept imprisoned in the castle of Lindholm in Skaane .	6
The number of cases of emotional depression in the United States was believed to have doubled between 1970 and 1990 .	6
In mid-2003 , CART president Chris Pook hinted at dropping Mid-Ohio from the CART schedule going forward , citing various issues .	4
The main favourite was ( then ) six-time winner Armstrong ( now stripped of all his victories ) .	4
About the only area around Rivesville where the coal has not been mined out is directly under the older portion of the town and under the riverbed .	6
Htun and Weldon also bring up the point of democracy and its effects on the level of equality it brings .	7
Virtually nothing is known of her life ; both her given name and its geographical specification come from her manuscripts .	6
Råå IF 18 16 0 2 83-25 32 Promoted	7
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 101.6 males .	5
The relationship with Brother continued with several of the PrintStation models being produced from rebadged Brother products .	7
1 " and " Skulaner Nigunim 2 " , and of the Bobover Rebbe , Rabbi Shlomo Halberstam , on " Bobover Niggunim " .	3
Base also offers Apollo , a sales science platform that collects and analyzes sales activity data to generate insights for sales leaders .	7
If they agreed to the marriage , the girl 's father would set a bride price .	4
The companies that comprise the Union Bank of Nigeria Plc include :	7
A single " tankōbon " volume was released on October 25 , 2011 .	3
International Journal of Medical Marketing 2000 ; 1 ( 2 ) : 148-60 .	3
The American flag was raised at Fort Santiago on August 13 , 1898 indicating the start of American rule over the city .	7
It is the second largest library in the Yakima Valley Libraries and has one of the largest Spanish language collections in the system .	6
The Julius Street frontage has rows of ornamental planting .	4
The 2010 " Castillo del Terror " show was the sixth year in a row that IWRG promoted a show under that name .	6
Cara Baker , Lauren Boyle , Amaka Gessler , Tash Hind , Melissa Ingram , Penelope Marshall , Hayley Palmer , Emily Thomas & Natalie Wiegersma .	3
Jawornica ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kochanowice , within Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
The school has a swim centre located in La Consolacion School - Gardenville .	7
The 2006 – 07 WNBL season was the 27th season of competition since its establishment in 1981 .	4
His first novel , " A Time to Kill , " was published in June 1989 , four years after he began writing it .	4
The company made available the opportunity to Franchise with a startup fee of $ 12,500 and with a total capital expenditure of $ 250,000 .	6
Her biological grandfather was Dr. Andre Galiber of St. Croix .	3
Nadia offers to take a walk with him and Rocco and goes to get her coat , while Bob waits outside .	6
Subsequently , focus moved to higher performance systems – the " Grand Vision " and the " Master Vision " series .	5
Sophie then reveals that she thinks Kate left because of her , despite Paul reassuring her that that is not true .	6
The delegates were first trimmed down to 10 in the semi-final portion , which included Stucan .	6
These overhead factors become increasingly difficult to mitigate as the number of CPUs increases .	7
One of these six housemates was a replacement housemate Sorella , who was introduced to the housemates on Day 21 , after the departure of Henri .	6
Monday , October 28 , 2013 – 8 : 07 p.m. ( EDT ) at Busch Stadium in St. Louis , Missouri	3
She worked as the Curator at the MacKenzie Art Gallery in Regina , Saskatchewan from 2007 to 2017 .	3
Linyi ( ) is a town in Linyi County , Dezhou , in northwestern Shandong province , China .	3
The population density was 917.3 inhabitants per square mile ( 355.8 / km ² ) .	3
Full-grown larvae reach a length of about 20 mm .	5
He successfully defended his title in the challenge round in the following year , 1914 , against George Church , also in four sets .	3
Most wines aged in charred oak barrels possess tannins absorbed from the wood .	6
" , " Bones " , " NCIS " , " Human Target " , " The Secret Circle " , " Supernatural " .	3
" 2010 Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference football season	6
ERC was to be a hub to train , fund and mentor entrepreneurs in Singapore .	5
Core members of the district 's administration are :	5
It was opened in 1977 by Dr Toh Chin Chye , then Deputy Prime Minister and Member of Parliament of Rochor district .	7
According to Welmers : " " I had never played music with anyone .	3
A native of New York , Chesbro attended Colgate University .	4
It occurs more commonly in women who are Rh D negative .	6
The Pacific War ( 1937 – 1943 in this timeline ) is similar to World War Two .	6
He completely subordinates the architectural setting to his sculpture and makes architecture , so to speak , its handmaid .	4
Nomadic-culture graves are predominantly of the inhumation type , found , by 1976 , in 38 places in Moldavia .	3
Similar to " The Source " , " XXL " magazine gave the album a classic rating of " XXL " in its retrospective 2007 issue .	5
He was recalled to replace Vernon Philander , who suffered back spasm in the buildup to the final Test .	6
The village has a population of 175 .	4
The village has a population of 456 .	4
" Jamaica at the 2011 Parapan American Games	5
The film has some focus on Netero , the chairman of the Hunter Association as Gon and his friends discover the dark secrets behind his past .	7
Rita Moreno , Cristóbal Díaz-Ayala , Rudy Mangual , Chata Gutiérrez , Chico Álvarez , Vicki Sola , Martin Cohen , and Ernie Ensley	3
Theodolphus Alexander Cox ( 1855 – 1908 ) was a New Zealand cricketer who played four first-class matches for Wellington in the 1880s .	5
It is also found in Australia and Lord Howe Island .	4
At the end of the 1950s she returned to London permanently .	4
Back in the UK , 63 Medium Rgt served in home defence with Southern Command until 1944 .	3
A perfect timing to start a week believing that happiness exists , in spite of your boss ” .	7
Previously Walayar Dam was as famous as Malampuzha Dam .	3
Children less than 5 years old can have atypical presentations .	7
It features a parking lot , snack kiosks and souvenir shops .	4
The group has also asked that April 24 be declared Labor Safety Day in the country .	5
The film was directed by Jack Hannah and features the voices of Dessie Flynn as Chip and Dale , and Pinto Colvig as Pluto .	5
His father lived in Le Raincy and visited his wife and children once a week at boulevard de Magenta .	5
In the process , 900 former employees were laid off in both counties , of whom 400 were in Uganda .	3
It spent a total of nine weeks in the top 10 and ( as of February 10 ) 35 weeks in the top 100 .	4
Windows Mobile for Automotive and Windows Mobile software for Portable Media Centers are among some specialty versions of the platform .	7
During this time , she appeared alongside Kate Hudson in the movie , " Raising Helen " .	3
By 1855 , Cudworth started to introduce more conventional steam locomotives .	5
Prime reveals that the Shalka are 2000 strong and will be invading the surface soon .	5
VSP 8284XSQ Ethernet Switch base hardware configuration :	6
The placekicker was openly gay to his teammates .	3
His wife Rose , sister of Aaron Director , with whom he initiated the Friedman Foundation for Educational Choice , served on the international selection committee .	7
Świętajno ( ) is a village in Olecko County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	3
Types controlled by Endevor generally include COBOL , Assembler , JCL , REXX , ISPF Panels , ISPF Skeletons and parms .	5
A wise-cracking teenager who attends Hitsue High School , the same as Kai .	6
was the national center of the 1980s glam metal movement that spawned dozens of MTV bands and radio hits .	7
Venevision International released " Acorralada " on DVD in the United States on December 2 , 2008 , a week before its debut on Venezuelan television .	3
They also feed the scrum .	3
However , the Western German football championship was not contested in 1923 and a qualifying competition for the German football championship was held instead .	5
Recreating a Lake Malawi biotope to host cichlids became quite popular in the aquarium hobby .	5
Always Audacious is a 1920 American silent romance film directed by James Cruze and written by Thomas J. Geraghty .	6
There are also testers for checking high transistor and rectifiers .	6
Alfonso M. Bax Sean A. Edwards	5
He was a pupil of Lorenzo Ghiberti in his early years and later collaborated with Donatello .	4
The Juno-I had its origins in the United States Army 's Project Orbiter in 1954 .	6
As a result , the match taking place four years after the war was emotionally charged .	7
Once more the radio took the front lead among community radios in the finals for best programmes in the Maltese islands .	4
" Duke Blue Devils men 's lacrosse	5
Michael Kavanagh may also refer to :	3
Its verbs make a distinction of active and passive voices .	6
It is a prostrate shrub with small , dense heads of blue , rarely pink flowers and usually grows in heavy soils subject to flooding .	6
There is fishing allowed all year round .	5
The " Sampo " has a long and distinguished service record .	6
Garcia was born on December 2 , 1977 in Lima , Peru .	3
Port Kenyon is an unincorporated community in Humboldt County , California .	3
ସେମାନଙ୍କ କଲ୍ୟାଣ ଓ ସମୃଦ୍ଧିରେ ମୋର ସୁଖ ନିହିତ ।	7
He sponsored legislation referring to HIV and AIDS cases .	7
Wrap versions of the sandwich can also be made , in which the ingredients are rolled up inside a flatbread , such as a tortilla .	6
Uses for mobile forms include :	4
The cave establishes a microclimatic area with its local set of atmospheric conditions .	5
John Gillespie , the lead detective who requested the nude photos of Lafave , was arrested before the trial in an unrelated prostitution sting .	7
It was recognized at the event but then ruled invalid three weeks later due to a touchdown with his free foot .	5
The building establishes Romberg ’ s curiosity in medieval and classical form which is further developed in his later institutional architecture .	6
Reagan prioritized tax cuts over spending cuts , arguing that lower revenue would eventually require lower spending .	5
Peter Feltus was born in New Orleans , scion of an old Southern landowning family .	7
come oh come Lord of Radha .	5
People with this name include :	4
Quill described its accuracy as " 99 % to the original prototype " , although it is non-flying .	3
From the 1960s onward , economic gains allowed more Italians to afford a red meat diet .	7
Chris ends up killing Sean , while Matt flees to Richie 's hangout .	6
The park features the Randall Museum , which focuses on science , nature and the arts and features live animals , and is operated by the Department .	6
This year they took the bridge to the island .	3
The Z650 was the epitome of the " Universal Japanese Motorcycle " , or " UJM " .	3
It was contested by Leinster and Munster .	4
Sterically induced reductions commonly involve metals found in the lanthanoid and actinoid series .	6
In 2002 Ibrahim Sundiata noted in the " American Historical Review " that	3
He was succeeded by his eldest son , the second Marquess .	3
George Anderson & Co . Ltd. produced for example , quarrying equipment such as channelling machines .	6
Qala has always been renewed for having high quality fireworks and this is what the group strive to achieve year after year .	6
It serves the Upper Squaw Creek Valley .	4
" The RAF pilots were trained in methods that were excellent against German and Italian equipment but suicide against the acrobatic Japs " , as Lt.Gen .	7
Barney vows to repay his friend Fred for his debt of gratitude .	6
Every year at region and state competitions , teams compete in military and dance , and every other year , compete in kick or character .	5
There he struggled with the British which prevented the entry of illegal immigrants to Israel .	7
The company has sold over 500,000 games worldwide .	4
This involves the use of audio equipment such as microphones , recording devices , and loudspeakers .	6
Haradanahalli Ramaswamy Janardhana Iyengar ( 8 September 1908 – 6 February 1991 ) was an eminent engineer in Mysore , India .	5
The firm also has offices in other US cities including Cambridge , Massachusetts , Chicago , Houston and Los Angeles .	6
Kenji is not only a strong cardfighter , but he is also an enthusiast of ancient Roman history .	4
The event took place on February 19 , 1995 from the Baltimore Arena in Baltimore , Maryland .	3
They would come on the show and share their stories of overcoming adversity with the audience , inspiring viewers to do the same in their own lives .	5
The population was 289 at the 2010 census .	3
Colwell-Winfield Blues Band , SRC , Blues Image , Screaming Lord Sutch & the Mighty Fat , Fields , Illinois Speed Press , Linn County , C.K .	3
Burrumbuttock is a town in the central southern part of the Riverina region of the Australian state of New South Wales .	7
He and his associates paid less than one million Irish pounds while the jackpot stood at 1.7 million pounds .	5
The 2-in-1 features two types of detachable keyboards : " Type Cover " and " Touch Cover " , both with the integrated touchpad .	3
The reference room is used by researchers wishing to consult the library and archives , and volunteers and staff are available to assist with reference inquiries .	7
Music composed by K. V. Mahadevan .	5
Gordon played minor counties cricket for Herefordshire in 2011 , making a single appearance for the county in the MCCA Knockout Trophy against Bedfordshire .	6
The tournament took place from April 9 through April 15 , 1990 , and Andrés Gómez won the singles title .	4
Union Cabinet has approved 10 new NITs in India .	3
He was found not guilty on the charge of embezzling from an employee benefit plan .	7
Rappelling from the cliff face , once a popular activity , is no longer permitted .	5
By the 1920s , the average work week was fifty hours and was considered a great stride and well-earned award for America 's working man .	6
The film stars Viola Dana and is preserved in the George Eastman House Motion Picture Collection .	7
In Sayda it joined the so-called salt road that ran from Halle via Oederan and onto Prague .	6
She composed music for theatre plays and participated also in other musical activities .	4
He tampers with the ordinary until it becomes unlikely but not entirely impossible .	3
The construction budget for the new palace was set at $ 350,000 and work began in May 1914 .	4
Today , the keep houses the Noirmoutier Museum .	3
She is very physically capable and almost fearless , often rushing into things without giving them a second thought .	5
However , she later calls it off when Lin Jing tells Wei about another girl that loved him during their time apart .	7
Taw9eel.com ( Tawseel General Tranding W.L.L. )	5
In the October 20 , open primary , Odom led Strain , 505,466 ( 41 percent ) to 494,726 ( 40 percent ) .	3
Edakkara , Nilambur , Pookkottumpadam , and Vaniyambalam are the nearest towns .	3
The win enabled to reach a new men 's singles high ranking of 44 .	6
Kikuyu hosts a Sub-County Administration which is the administrative division in Kiambu County .	5
Beck died after sustaining injuries in a skiing accident in 1965 .	4
Eleanor Perry ( née Rosenfeld ; nom-de-plume Oliver Weld Bayer , October 13 , 1914 – March 14 , 1981 ) was an American screenwriter and author .	5
Among those attending were his cricketing colleagues Brian Close , Ray Illingworth , Martyn Moxon , Dickie Bird , Graham Gooch , Mike Gatting and John Emburey .	3
Under Kunal Ghosh , the group acquired and established local television channels and newspapers , investing around in the media group .	6
Joel Beinin , who has often been criticized by Campus Watch , has accused Daniel Pipes of being " beholden to Israeli right wing politics . "	5
On the way to Edinburgh the army burnt numerous towns and castles .	5
Neuberg , S. L. , Smith , D. , Hoffman , J. C. , & Russell , F. J .	4
It is situated amidst wheat-covered hills in a valley at the confluence of the north and south forks of the Palouse River .	7
Landmark cases affecting tribal criminal law include :	5
He finished his playing career playing back with FK Novi Pazar .	7
" Lower Long Cane Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church	6
Better yet , several rotors can be placed such that the output of the first is connected to the input of the next .	5
Martinů commenced on writing both the music and the libretto .	6
He was arrested and jailed for ten months .	4
DeVita 's results , presented in 1965 and 1970 were initially viewed with considerable disbelief .	6
" , " Redbook " , " Ladies ' Home Journal " , " Glamour " , " Time " , and many others .	3
See Deployments and attempted deployments below .	4
The third , and although the safest from the German shore batteries , was through a heavily mined portion of the English Channel .	6
He lives in Phoenix , Arizona .	3
That developed into a career as a design engineer in Syracuse , New York during the 1930s .	6
It was his third straight 30-point game , thus becoming the first Suns player with three straight since Amar 'e Stoudemire in March 2010 .	5
At the 2011 Pan-American Games in Guadalajara , Mexico during October , Zetlin captured gold medals in the all-around , ball and ribbon .	5
The South Island covers , making it the world 's 12th-largest island .	4
Steel has been criticized for making her books overly redundant and detailed , explicitly telling the story to readers instead of showing it to them .	5
Because of her understanding of issues facing the populations of the Caribbean , she was hired to work as an area specialist at the United Nations .	7
was transferred to and ( " Doodia australis " ) was transferred to .	4
Cristina is a young woman who moves to the city away from her remote village searching fora better life .	7
He made his debut on the professional league level in the 2 .	3
Including ' iriskumaonin ' methyl ether , iriskumaonin ( CHO , ) , irisflorentin , junipegenin-A , irigenin and iridin .	3
From 1979 to 1982 , the number of talabehs in Qom more than tripled from 6,500 .	4
The following month , Lundstram was called up to England U19 by Noel Blake once again .	3
Growth far outpaced the existing infrastructure .	3
The contractor was Mr S Conwell of Holland Park , and the building was constructed at a cost of .	4
" Florida State Seminoles men 's golf	5
Despite all these hurdles , the Royal Theatre will finally open ten days after the Bronx Opera House on September 8 , 1913 .	3
His kin , the Soryu , was once a strong family that ruled over the seven seas because it wielded the power of the Aqua Force clan .	6
-the Dixy Lee Ray Award by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers ( 2004 )	5
MLB sought cities that had received interest from the Continental League .	7
The population density was 3,487.3 inhabitants per square mile ( 1,349.7 / km ² ) .	3
In recent years , Welch has attracted the construction of new state and federal prisons which are creating some sources of economic renewal .	6
Teachers where astonished at the rapidity of her learning the language .	7
The finish line was once again in Annapolis , Maryland .	3
The album was released on July 22 , 2008 by Facedown Records .	3
" Men 's gymnastics NCAA championship appearances ( 8 ) : 1956 , 1957 , 1958 , 1959 , 1960 , 1961 , 1962 , 1963 "	3
These facts may account for this sudden lull in killings .	3
Bordj Ghédir is a town and commune in Bordj Bou Arréridj Province , Algeria .	4
He was educated at Marlborough College and Trinity College , Cambridge , where he was a member of the Hawks ' Club .	6
The actor found the scenes where he had to pretend to be drunk a challenge .	7
It took her a few days to tell Jobs , whose face , according to Brennan " turned ugly " at the news .	6
However , this track does not appear on the movie 's soundtrack .	4
" MIAA Division IA Baseball Championships recent history	6
The village has a population of 211 .	4
F1000 Specialists – An affiliate program aimed at experienced users and advocates of F1000 services .	7
In the summer of 1942 Strauss had become involved in the unsuccessful attempts of his son Franz and Alice to help her relatives emigrate to Switzerland .	7
They were previously invited in 2001 .	3
The winners of each of the 4 regional tournaments qualify to the Final Four qualification tournament .	7
They hear wave two getting ready to come and attack .	7
Suddenly , and tragically , the storms worsened ; ice formed on the sodden trees and winds battered the hull .	7
Ricardo Omar Giusti ( born 11 December 1956 in Arroyo Seco ) is an Argentine former footballer .	6
Jacobz received a nomination for ' Most Popular Actor ' at the 2010 Logie Awards for his portrayal of Angelo .	4
The United Kingdom also received Buffalos , which eventually ended up in the Far East .	5
See also : Category : SVG coats of arms of Luxembourg	7
Hillier and AC1 F.G. Moller were killed .	5
The church is located on two campuses in Gardendale .	4
In addition , the race takes place on open roads , forcing participants to deal with sometimes dangerous traffic conditions .	6
Another watchtower found in Nadur is Ta ' Kenuna Tower built by the British towards the middle of the 19th century .	7
The song was featured on their 1972 album , " You Want It , You Got It " .	3
There was no evidence that the victim had been sexually abused .	5
Based on the Köppen climate classification , Mount Lawrence Grassi is located in a subarctic climate with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers .	3
Medtral is a New Zealand based medical travel company that provides private medical care to overseas patients .	4
Proceedings of the case began on 1 August 2012 .	4
There was lots of controversy surrounding Eric Wynalda and Laurie Calloway .	7
He was awarded the Anson Marston Medal for Achievement in the Field of Engineering in 2000 from Iowa State University .	4
The magazine maintains a website which features content from the magazine and also online exclusive articles .	7
Occasionally , especially in females and younger individuals , these colors may be somewhat muted , though still quite gaudy .	4
This was not supported in the Professional edition .	3
Vázquez received a knockdown the second round , before scoring one in the fourth round .	4
Ben Jonson refers to the play in " The Alchemist " in 1610 . )	3
Lebor na Cert , or the Book of Rights , is a book of early laws , from medieval Ireland .	5
There is evidence the earliest settlements in New Zealand are around the Nelson-Marlborough regions .	5
Tauranga is located on the East Coast Main Trunk Railway .	6
Compared to most contemporary Danish love poets he is much more sensual , material and audacious though still respecting decorum .	3
In addition to his work in film and television , Fowkes did some stage acting .	6
Murphy was active in Republican politics .	3
On 23 July 2011 he was signed by third-tier club Siracusa in a 1-year loan .	3
Cryptococcosis is most common in dogs and cats but cattle , sheep , goats , horses , wild animals , and birds can also be infected .	3
Evelyn Court contains six two bedroom flats , each with a kitchen , bathroom , living room , dining room and enclosed sleep-out .	5
The railway lasted a long time for a logging line , until a major flood destroyed all but 4 miles in 1927 .	4
All sets of mixture weights share common hyperparameters .	4
Hossack 's last bike conversion was a Triumph Trident 900 in 1994 , commissioned by Formula 1 entrepreneur Keith Duckworth .	6
Eighteen percent of the South Island 's population was born overseas , compared to 27.5 percent in the North Island .	5
I was showing my niece Alicia , here from Florida , around . "	3
Nottoway , as a Level 3 security facility , has inmates serving long term sentences , including single , multiple , and life sentences .	5
This causes increased inflammation , an effect known as rhinitis medicamentosa or the rebound effect .	7
The South West division contained 415 buses .	4
Nowe Gizewo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Like its anime counterpart , the toy could transform from robot to Tranzer mode .	3
Their names were all chosen from villages ending in " -ham " .	5
Christianity began to spread initially from Roman Judaea without state support or endorsement .	5
Following his father 's death the family returned to England .	6
Within days , the New York State Legislature established the Joint Legislative Committee to Investigate Seditious Activities by Concurrent Resolution on March 26 , 1919 .	4
He attended one of the groups of Zemlya i volya .	6
1 by the Russian composer Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov .	5
The educational benefit of I.C.T .	3
The 2 / 14 Field Regiment A.I.F .	5
These Orwellian animals , often dressed in generals ' uniforms , heave their obese bulk through page after page .	6
Bruchwałd ( ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The village has a population of 280 .	4
Mountain : Life at the Extreme ( BBC2 2017 ) – delivered	7
As I grow older , the place is no longer a little , abandoned landing switch on a railroad in Hickman County .	4
This gives access to multiple sources of support	5
A second use of the term " open pollination " refers to pollination by insects , birds , wind , or other natural mechanisms .	4
After the Franco-German War Mützel started illustrating some of the more important encyclopedias of the time .	6
The family consists of two genera , containing around 13 species .	6
James still has feelings for Kath .	4
" Glossary of library and information science	5
Although " Venango " sighted no Japanese planes , enemy raiders hit numerous nearby land targets as the cargo ship lay at anchor off Okinawa .	4
He co-starred with Claire Bloom in " 80,000 Suspects " ( 1963 ) for Val Guest .	3
After being placed into voluntary administration in 2012 , the Longreach mill was reopened and began exporting woodchips once again .	5
Markowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
As a child , Louisa lived around Ngarrupalya , west of Yuendumu and over three hundred kilometres north-west of Alice Springs .	7
He married Patricia Milburn in 1942 , whom he had met whilst studying at Cambridge .	5
The timing between the conditioned and unconditioned stimulus is important .	6
Card Sound Road became State Road 905A , a FDOT designation which was modified to SR S-905A in the mid-1970s .	7
The 2006 Pennsylvania 10th congressional district election was held on November 7 to elect a representative from the .	6
The first time was the fire of 1537 , after which it was reconstructed by Sultan Suleyman in 1539 .	4
Kennedy began his sporting career playing for local club Tullaroan .	5
The company was established to provide consulting services in the mechanical and electrical engineering disciplines .	6
Russia finished in second place , with Serbia finishing in third .	4
Maria Luise Thurmair wrote " " in Innsbruck in 1941 , the year of her marriage to the hymnwriter Georg Thurmair .	4
" American Dream " was included on the 2004 compilation album " Dove Hits 2004 " and the 2005 compilation album " Pure Hits " .	4
There are some ideas / virtues countries assume as property .	6
It has pedicels that are terete and long and cylindrical buds .	7
The filaments are usually separate from one another .	3
" For the Beauty of the Earth " is a Christian hymn by Folliott S. Pierpoint ( 1835-1917 ) .	4
Two hours later , his watch captain reported the French approaching .	4
Hejdyk ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Chang Yun-cheng ( ) is a politician in the Republic of China .	4
In 1973 , Steve Wozniak designed his own version of the classic video game " Pong " .	5
The Germans controlled the Ukrainian police , who took part in the hunt for Bolsheviks and Jews .	7
The foundation and steps to the house is of stone .	5
The southern part of Keyser was known as South Keyser , a town unto itself .	5
Construction , which started in late 2008 , was completed in late 2012 .	5
" Placar " magazine reported that one of the players , Marcinha , had accused Lira of embarking upon a sexual affair with another player .	7
Today there is no toll charged for crossing the bridge .	6
The man was a public hero .	3
In others the ribs are flexious and curve forward from the umbilical shoulder and lap onto either side of the venter .	7
In the January 2007 issue of " Alternative Press " , the group confirmed their new album would be released 2008 .	4
Scott was tied to the torture board and suffered the same fate as Aguirre : rape , torture , strangulation and burial at High Island Beach .	6
Emmanuel joined Rotherham United on a season-long loan deal on 13 July 2017 .	3
There is a suggestion that the names ' Dayani ' and ' Nayani ' are from the same root .	6
Consider a smooth hypersurface formula _ 72 of degree formula _ 73 .	7
His speeches given in the 10th and 11th congresses appear in :	7
In both wars , the " Hyperion " class was the primary ship of the line , alongside the " Nova " -class dreadnought .	3
Atrotus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :	4
He is on the advisory board of OMFIF where he is regularly involved in meetings regarding the financial and monetary system .	7
The yellow / green flowers form around September to November .	5
When submerged , the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced , she could travel at .	3
The demesne where the story takes place is Willowlands .	5
In 1974 , the company was sold to Zondervan , which became part of the Benson Company in 1986 .	6
The branch has been considered to be part of the Taracahitic languages , but this is no longer considered a valid genetic unit .	4
Hitler presented the couple with a silver framed picture of himself .	7
He throws his lighter at the hay in retaliation , igniting it , and drives ahead .	3
The game was first released in North America on November 4 , 2002 , and then in Australia on November 6 , 2002 .	3
Cordless drills designed to use as screwdrivers often have such a clutch .	6
The media is used to promote contrasting domestic and international agendas .	7
In September 2005 , Cisco Systems officially launched the Cisco 7985G , a Cisco-Tandberg co-branded desktop videophone .	4
Pronotum has a pair of oblong central warts .	4
It was changed to " Pakil " by Executive Order No .	3
He developed apparatus for repeated loading of railway axles , mainly because many accidents were caused by sudden fatigue fracture .	5
Round 6 saw the Western Bulldogs 11.10 ( 76 ) lose to St Kilda 14.20 ( 104 ) in front of 36,302 at Docklands Stadium .	5
" List of things named after W. V. D. Hodge	6
Their current roster consists of Regis Iandiorio , first violin , Abe Appleman , second violin , Richard Maximoff , viola and John Reed , cello .	3
For most of its established time in Ghana , Sunni Islam was propagated across the country in Dagbanli - the mother tongue of Afa Ajura .	5
The distinctive sound of " Enter the Wu-Tang " has been credited with creating a blueprint for hardcore hip hop in the mid-1990s .	6
According to a preliminary autopsy , Sovine sustained massive abdominal bleeding caused by a lacerated spleen and liver , and fractured ribs and sternum .	6
They were able to detect an activity assigned to Lr .	6
In the climax , Manik and Chand rescue Rahul , Madhuri and Madhabi from Nagraj and the police arrest Nagraj .	3
When DX enters the ring they do a pyro routine .	6
Another distinctive feature is the flecked , speckled ( often pink ) vein markings on the leaf faces .	4
" Kansas City Southern Railway Locomotive No .	5
The film was written and directed by Greg Whiteley of New York Doll fame .	7
The second and the largest Jewish cemetery is situated in the residential Žaliakalnis elderate , near the Ąžuolynas park .	4
It covered most justifications for the delays , and explained why they were unacceptable .	4
FC Nürnberg , defeating Hertha BSC 2 – 0 in the final .	4
In nature , acetate is the most common building block for biosynthesis .	3
This syndrome has a large range of outcomes depending on how much chromosomal material is involved .	6
The Vinpearl Land Cable Car System is a gondola lift built April 2006 and opening in March 2007 .	5
The 2017 – 18 Rugby Pro D2 is the second-level French rugby union club competition , behind the Top 14 , for the 2017 – 18 season .	6
After he died , his brow was ritually tapped to see if he was dead , and those with him in the room said prayers .	7
At Oxford John Fuller , who happened to be writing " A Reader 's Guide to W.H .	6
Parking was also opened to Metro and ATC customers .	5
" Eng Foong Ho v Attorney-General	5
Genetics plays a role in having a baby born with LGA .	7
IMD focuses on training and developing general management and leadership skills .	7
The characteristics of spoilage caused by " Z. bailli " are product separation and a " yeasty " odor .	5
It results from the taxing nature of showing compassion for someone whose suffering is continuous and unresolvable .	7
In 1928 , Emani began pursuing theological studies at the United Theological College , Bengaluru earning a graduate degree ( BD ) in 1932 .	7
A paperback edition was published the following year .	3
Phanom Thuan ( , ) is a district ( " amphoe " ) in the eastern part of Kanchanaburi Province , central Thailand .	4
They are connected by hand pressure but often need a pair of needle-nosed pliers for removal .	5
She becomes friends with Emi and Mai , forming a club with them called the Cardfight Group .	5
Though horseshoe crabs are often cited as their closest living relatives , they are no closer evolutionarily than other cheliceratans .	4
The municipal seat is the town of Platón Sánchez .	3
Cotton was the " white gold " that would sustain the Confederacy during the Civil War , and cotton was literally " King " in south Texas .	6
" Kirakira " is the second visual novel production by Overdrive after " Edelweiss " .	3
A single tombstone honors them both .	3
From 1999-2003 , member of the French Speaking Parliamentarians Assembly .	6
He played four first-class games in 1910 .	3
It went through at least 21 drafts .	6
The capital of Flevoland is Lelystad , but the biggest city is Almere ( pop .	4
Nearby settlements include the commuter village of Houghton and the hamlets of Brunstock , Walby and Linstock .	6
Qamarzeh ( ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr-e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .	3
Dolichoderus sulcaticeps is a species of ant in the genus " Dolichoderus " .	5
His father was Muslim ulema , Syekh Muhammad Amarullah Tuanku Kisai and his mother Andung Tarawas .	5
Blair Donald Marie Furlong ( born 10 March 1945 ) is a former New Zealand cricketer and rugby player .	6
The club was founded in 1986 and started to compete in the Kyoto Prefecture Division 4 .	6
Italian Boy Scouts ( IBS ) was the first Scouting association in Italy founded by Francis Vane and Remo Molinari lasting from 1910 to 1914 .	7
The main electricity producing company of Cape Verde is Electra .	6
The main thrust had been to study problems of national relevance , such as environmental pollution , pesticide neurotoxicity , heavy metal neurotoxicity and hydrocephalus .	4
He also served as High Sheriff of Glamorgan , in 1943 / 44 .	4
The Bethany Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .	5
In 1997 , " The Guardian " ranked the album number one on its list of the 100 Best Albums Ever .	4
The international trade in cut flowers has a worldwide value of approximately 11,000 million Euros , which gives an idea of the economic importance of this activity .	7
March on Yellowstone River in Montana Territory to Fort Union , Dakota Territory .	3
In September 2016 , an English translation beta patch was released through ROM hacking , followed by a complete translation patch in November 2016 .	4
Currently , PICA staff tracks overtime usage and management across City departments , issuing a quarterly Staff Report on City of Philadelphia Overtime .	6
This feature also takes advantage of the Wii Remote pointer in the Wii version to control Player 2 's reticule .	7
Costumes for this film were created by French costume / fashion designer Jean Louis .	5
These 300 Tempest Is were intended to replace an order for a similar quantity of Typhoons for the Gloster Aircraft Company .	6
Pallas is often compared to the Rutulian Lausus , son of Mezentius , who also dies young in battle .	5
Among his students were Joseph Haas , Sándor Jemnitz , Jaroslav Kvapil , Ruben Liljefors , Rudolf Serkin , George Szell and Cristòfor Taltabull .	3
Day care facilities have often been successful with maturing the patient ’ s physical and emotional state , as well as helping them with socialization .	6
In the table below , teams are sorted by best performance , then winning percentage , then ( if equal ) by alphabetical order .	3
Also in 2004 , Soto sang " The Star-Spangled Banner " for President George W. Bush at the Memorial Coliseum in Phoenix , Arizona .	3
Lohari hits Rajveer with an axe so he loses his memory .	4
Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town .	6
She notes this is consistent for the Fitzwilliam Virginal Book and Christ Church MSS 510 – 14 .	7
The earliest test of the Ricardian model was performed by G.D.A MacDougall , which was published in " Economic Journal " of 1951 and 1952 .	7
The games used in GVGP are , for now , often 2 dimensional arcade games , as they are the simplest and easiest to quantify .	5
TBN returned KPAZ-TV to the air later that year as its second station , after flagship KTBN-TV in Santa Ana , California .	3
1914 : Fauji Akhbar leaps into limelight by publishing news about the First World War .	7
Puerto Rico is the only current U.S. possession whose legal system operates primarily in a language other than American English : namely , Spanish .	7
On 22 September 1812 , the Cortes named Wellington " generalissimo " ( supreme commander ) of the Spanish armies .	3
The third international Volapük convention was held in Paris in 1889 , with all proceedings held in Volapük .	4
The organization of the 32nd Division was similar to the earlier battles , except that each regiment had only one battalion .	4
Also in February 2008 , Jackson won an Image Award for " Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture " for the role .	3
In addition , it always tops album charts during Christmas season .	3
Attendance was estimated at 8,000 by the Shomrim civilian patrol , and 10,000 by Arutz Sheva .	5
scientist there to disable the bomb implanted in Harley 's neck .	7
The town is known as the site of an incident known as the " Frankenburger Würfelspiel " ( Frankenburg Dice Game ) .	7
During World War II , Malinosky was drafted by the United States Army , with which he saw combat in the Battle of the Bulge .	6
The village has a population of 863 .	4
In June 1937 , he was appointed as assistant to the secretary in Latvia 's New York consulate and promoted to attaché in September of that year .	7
The gallery is showing 6 exhibitions per year and participates in a number of International Art Fairs .	6
Other hills are Aguanoso , Pico del Águila , El Cable , El Chicó , El Chiscal , La Laguna , Pan de Azúcar and La Teta .	3
The Carroll Building is located on a triangular tract created by the intersection of Main and Water Streets .	7
Sokolov was born in Manhasset , New York in 1954 to Bernard and Helen Sokolov and was raised in nearby Roslyn .	4
The handle and shaft of screwdrivers have changed considerably over time .	4
He was a member of the first Gambia contingent of the ECOWAS peacekeeping mission in Liberia ( ECOMOG ) .	6
The population density was 380.1 people per square mile ( 146.4 / km ² ) .	3
In 2001 , ETPS was included with those research departments sold off by the Government to Carlyle Group during the formation of QinetiQ .	6
And as the environmental sphere has been a particularly privileged site for experimentation in neoliberal governance , so too is it particularly vulnerable to the post-political tendency .	4
She however neglected the affairs of the state and led an amoral life , having illicit affairs with many men .	4
For example , the thin walls of standard moving boxes cannot withstand the multiple transfers , stacking and other rigors of the shipping / mailing process .	7
" Discovery " is essentially a revision of the original " Numenera " core book .	3
It is located at the north / northwest portion of the state , and has an area of 29,394.7 km ² .	5
The population was 2,423 at the 2010 census .	3
It publishes news and regional news about Kosovo and the Balkans , and provides interviews and analyses on Kosovo .	5
In April 2012 , James released his third album , " Pictures in the Morning " , also on Gwymon Records .	3
He then served in the U.S. Army .	3
Major editions of the Exeter Book riddles are :	5
The Romans dictated a treaty which ultimately made Aetolia a Roman puppet state .	7
" 2004 – 05 New York Rangers season	5
The 2015 Richmond Kickers season is the club 's twenty-third season of existence .	5
He was a close supporter of the president there , Alf Whist .	3
In general SOBT personnel served previously in the Bulgarian Armed Forces , usually in the Land Forces .	3
Defencemen : Kimmo Timonen , Jere Karalahti , Marko Kiprusoff , Toni Lydman , Janne Laukkanen , Petteri Nummelin , Antti-Jussi Niemi , Kaj Linna .	3
Redford also owned a restaurant called Zoom , located on Main Street in the former mining town of Park City , until its closure in May 2017 .	5
In August 2010 , over 22,000 original songs had been written for Hatsune Miku .	3
The infantry brigade combat team consists of seven battalions : one cavalry , one brigade support , one engineer , three infantry and one field artillery .	3
The couple had eight children , four of whom survived infancy .	6
The aisles and clerestory are also castellated .	4
Inspired and coached by Tom Campbell Black , Beryl learned to fly .	5
There are several inconsistencies in the video .	3
He often worked with the producer John Porter .	3
" P. orbitospinus " ) , is the only crab in the lake and it is not endemic .	3
Wieszowa ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice , within Tarnowskie Góry County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
Gramercy Park Hotel is currently owned by the real estate firm RFR Holding LLC , and operated by Manhattan Hospitality Advisors .	4
Nominated for Best South African Play - Fleur du Cap Awards .	6
The length of the forewings is .	4
The film stars Brit Marling , Hailee Steinfeld , Muna Otaru , Sam Worthington , Amy Nuttall , and Ned Dennehy .	3
In modern languages , macro expansion in a preprocessor is a key example of de facto dynamic scope .	4
It lost to the Mikoyan MiG-29 .	3
The toxin responsible for this is amatoxin , which inhibits RNA polymerase II and III .	5
Below is an " incomplete " list of fully and partially mutually intelligible varieties sometimes considered languages .	5
It was the first institution to get the ' Deemed University status ' in Tamil Nadu .	5
These postcards acted as a tourism mechanism to present the country to a wider audience .	4
On 15 August 2008 , she was awarded an honorary medal in Beirut , Lebanon by the World Lebanese Cultural Union ( WLCU ) .	3
" 1966 British Saloon Car Championship	4
Anton writes " NO " ( нет ; pronounced " nyet " ) on a wall in this house .	3
Upon the intervention of the Soviet Union against Japan in World War II in 1945 , USSR forces invaded the Japanese client state of Manchukuo .	4
featuring members of the Deviants and Pink Fairies	6
Thus , the combination of the two make up for the lack of attention each level gives to the other .	4
These polyps are more difficult to remove endoscopically , and polypectomy in these cases has a higher risk of complication .	5
In spring , the ibex would migrate to more elevated parts of mountains where females and males would mate .	7
Using whatever he needed to get the feeling right .	6
After the creation of a new island assembly in Gran Canaria the group became increasingly leftist , adding the socialist red star to its symbol .	5
While at Pan American , White led the Broncs to their first ( and to this day only ) post-season tournament play at the Division I level .	3
The direction of the film illustrated Kaufman 's mastery of genre quite different than his previous films .	7
This week the designers were split into pairs and tasked with renovating an old , grungy caravan for specific clients .	5
The population according to the 1901 census of India was 9,799 .	5
இருக்காலே ஏத்தி இறைஞ்ச இயலாது இருந்தாலும்	5
" All the Young Dudes " has been covered by many artists as album tracks , B-sides and in live performances .	3
Although RTÉ Lyric FM has traditionally been a classical music station " The JK Ensemble " covers everything from J.S .	5
Reflects the world view of mysticism .	4
The Japanese Group ( ) was an unofficial name for a political grouping in the Hellenic Parliament in 1906 – 08 .	3
The 2008 Rabo Ster Zeeuwsche Eilanden was the 11th edition of the Ster Zeeuwsche Eilanden , a women 's cycling stage race in the Netherlands .	4
In 2001 jurisdiction over offences relating to corporations was transferred from the States to the Commonwealth .	6
In 1957 the circulation of the magazine was 850,000 copies .	4
In a two-day battle , the two frigates severely damaged " Hector " and only failed to captured her when a British squadron appeared on the horizon .	6
She appeared in many films between 1932 and 1980 .	5
Thus , money is not only a means of exchange .	3
These powers included : convoking the Senate and " Comitia Curiata " , and , in times of war , levying and commanding legions .	6
The hospital has 10 modern dialysis machines to cater to the needs of patients with kidney diseases .	7
His first recordings were made for Long John Baldry in 1972 on the " Everything Stops for Tea " album .	4
Shake exposed its node graph architecture graphically .	5
President Kirchner reversed her initial statement and declared on 22 January 2015 that she believed that it was not a case of suicide .	6
Wallstreet Voodoo is a blues album made by Roine Stolt ( The Flower Kings , Transatlantic , The Tangent , Kaipa , Fantasia ) .	4
The film starred Ingrid Rubio and Miguel Ángel Solá .	5
The " New 52 " version of Jean-Paul wears a similar costume , and his weapon is a flaming knight sword called Murasame .	4
The film features Charles Carson , Geraldo , Fred Groves , Gordon Harker and Leslie Perrins in the lead roles .	3
Also on the property are the contributing barn ( c . 1835 ) , ice house , stone dam , and garage .	3
Chhotalal Rukhdev Sharma had adapted it into a play produced by Aryanitidarshak Natak Samaj which premiered on 11 March 1912 .	7
mein Herz mit neuer Regung füllt .	6
She reported that every day , " there are 11 women dying while giving birth in the Philippines .	7
Numerous patents and publications resulted .	4
Abutting the front of the main building and extending to the east is a two storeyed building of brick construction with an awning to the southern elevation .	5
He also began to teach in the Scuola Superiore di Architettura .	6
Turkish junior men 's and junior women 's teams took the gold medals in team ranking .	5
She explains that care work is risky because it is done for people who are not obligated to return the favor .	7
4th Brigade , 2nd Division , I Corps , Army of the Ohio , to November 1862 .	6
In March 1944 , both the War Production Board and the War Manpower Commission gave the project their highest priority .	4
He is also well known for his frequent , and often obscure , allusions to athletes and sports teams .	5
He was the first Chalcedonian Christian ( Catholic ) Germanic king in Europe and one of the most innovative and belligerent of the Suevi monarchs .	6
Pernell and his first wife later divorced .	5
" Enter the Wu-Tang " has been recognized by critics as a landmark album in the movement .	4
Students are taught within the framework of studio projects rather than traditional subjects .	6
Karu-Sil wields a yellow power ring with powers comparable to that of a Green Lantern .	7
Ellerman 's tufted-tailed rat ( " Eliurus ellermani " ) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .	4
The Shree Mulam Thirunal Shashtiabdapoorthy Memorial Institute ( S.M.S.M .	6
CKD CCWs are the specific set of CCWs used to access CKD DASD subsystems .	6
In 2006 West Virginia hosted the first match-up of the new series and won 42 – 10 .	7
While at Hamburg , Addo revealed his Hamburger goals in an interview with HSVLIVE , also addressing other topics .	7
He is remembered for his experiments involving contagiousness of leprosy .	6
It lies approximately south-east of Biała Piska , east of Pisz , and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
Ingo & Silli Gerdal play as guests in track 9 " Heim "	4
The key hole for the hatch was on the beaver panel ( it was on the hatch on production liftbacks ) .	4
It is also possible for a student to choose both técnico and científico schooling .	7
She was depicted as having transcended her human limits , making it difficult to depict her as a normal person .	7
John Elmsley Jr . , a member of the Family Compact .	4
He was the inventor of the system of communication for the deaf known as Cued Speech .	7
She worked with this experimental process for more than 20 years .	6
Kearley-Pope , RNR , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal .	5
On 26 July 2018 , Smith joined National League side Aldershot Town on a short-term loan deal until December 2018 .	3
He has been called the scourge of Gin Lane or of Drury Lane , and wrote , in 1728 ,	6
Chochół ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Corll , however , reportedly hated military service ; he applied for a hardship discharge on the grounds that he was needed in his family 's business .	7
These Vietnamese were resettled in the United Kingdom ( there are several Vietnamese businesses in London 's Chinatown ) .	6
Modal logics include additional modal operators , such as an operator which states that a particular formula is not only true , but necessarily true .	7
In the 18th century , it was a French-language institution , and its most active members were Huguenots who had fled religious persecution in France .	5
Specifically , in many navies , one-star officers are not considered to be flag officers , although this is not always the case .	3
He resumed his former business pursuits in Cincinnati , Ohio , until his death there on July 4 , 1942 .	3
The breaking point came with the difficult pregnancy of Gabriel 's wife , Jill and the subsequent birth of their first child , Anna .	6
What does a pair of orthonormal vectors in 2-D Euclidean space look like ?	5
1966 : Θπησκεια αγαπις και κατασκευης , Ατηενς < br >	6
Beginning in 1838 , midshipmen approaching examinations for promotion were assigned to the school for eight months of study .	7
CBC Television shot scenes at James Gardens for the program " This is the Law " , with Paul Soles .	3
The " Rudraksha Jabala Upanishad " is given as an example of a sectarian and Tantric Upanishad .	6
Dr. Samuel Adams of Arlington , Arlington ] ] , [ [ New Hampshire Grants ] ]	3
Triune Group has been the prime contractor for the AFKN program since 2004 .	3
" Institute for Veterans and Military Families	5
The film stars Manoj Bajpayee , Ranvir Shorey , Neeraj Kabi , Shahana Goswami and debutant Om Singh .	3
" S. macrocarpon " is widely cultivated for its use as a food , its medicinal purposes , and as an ornamental plant .	3
As of the 2000 census , there were 616 people , 274 households , and 166 families residing in the town .	6
Ring and pinky fingers are straight .	5
Its meaning depends on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name .	7
Often she was helped by Eliza Corsey , a Boyd family slave whom Belle had taught to read and write .	7
The following year the prizes were handed out on 15 January in Stóra Pakkhús ( The Large Storage House ) in Vágur .	3
In a 1950 paper , Seifert asked if such a vector field exists , but did not phrase non-existence as a conjecture .	4
The clip was considered to be a further expression of his opinions regarding the network 's quality of coverage .	6
The Shade Room refers to readers as " roommates " , who often provide leads on celebrities to The Shade Room personnel .	7
Confederate defenders retired behind Swift Run Creek and awaited reinforcements .	6
Freedman 's first appearance was in the episode " Radar 's Report " .	4
Following the collapse of the Continental System and the final defeat of Napoleon in 1815 , demand for English textiles increased in Continental Europe .	7
AL East 2-1 2-1 4-2 < br >	6
The shears would then be moved along and an adjoining bay constructed .	3
In 1999 , when compiling all of O 'Flaherty 's short stories A .	7
The album contains 12 songs which include re-mixed / re-mastered versions of	7
There are 12 editions published each year .	5
" Barso Yaaron " by Vishal and Roop Kumar Rathod is a rock number that ends with " Hanuman Chalisa " .	4
Then , E [ " g ′ " ( " Z " ) ] is finite and	3
" Exidia thuretiana " is a wood-rotting species , typically found on dead attached or fallen branches .	6
She reached a career-high world ranking of World No .	4
" Kochuveli Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Garib Rath Express	6
The resident engineer for the project was Bland William Croker , who had assisted Clark with the construction of the Szechenyi suspension bridge in Budapest .	6
Values that work this way are :	5
Binkley therefore became interested in the problem of preserving perishable paper .	6
An authentic universality is therefore impossible .	3
There is also a largely equivalent version written in C – cdebootstrap , which is used in debian-installer .	7
She was also known for her lifelong relationship with French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre .	4
The Committee and the federal government 's Bureau of Investigation , forerunner of the FBI , cooperated by sharing information , interrogation expertise , and informants .	6
For high system spectrum efficiency , DCA should be performed on a packet-by-packet basis .	4
" Hatay Büyükşehir Belediye Gençlik ve Spor Kulübü	7
Scott Baldwin ( 19 November 1983 ) was a New Zealand cricketer .	4
Steele escaped from prison several times , to make high-profile demonstrations , including a rooftop protest and supergluing himself to the railings at Buckingham Palace .	7
The species of " Hypercallia " are :	4
This comprises a central recessed section containing the entrance stair and landings , with projecting wings , stepped in plan , to both sides .	6
There were 3,190 housing units at an average density of 384.4 per square mile ( 148.4 / km ² ) .	7
The boys may take advantage of many extra curricular opportunities and house competitions offered by the school .	5
It has also been reported at 26 million and 42 million a week ( 5.2 and 8.4 million a day ) .	6
It is an insectivore and eats most insects and arthropods that it comes across .	5
" Eclipse " was the fourth bestselling book of 2008 , only behind " Twilight " , " New Moon " , and " Breaking Dawn " .	3
Collier later went on to form Kubb , who released their debut album , " Mother " , in 2005 .	6
Philip Kerr also mentions the War Crimes Bureau in his third book ( chapter 10 ) about the German detective : " A German Requiem " .	3
In 2010 , the book underwent a third round of distribution , bring the total number of book published to 6,000 .	7
The presence of 40,000 students has had an undeniable and long lasting impact on the community .	5
The most noted examples are his 1965 number one hit " Giddyup Go " and his 1976 number one hit " Teddy Bear " .	4
In 1978 she starred in the musical " Sound of Music " along with the Mexican singer Lupita D 'Alessio .	4
During October 1917 the War Office decided to break up the three home service divisions .	6
Their names were all chosen from villages ending in " -ham " .	5
" Sittin ' Up in My Room	5
At present Srah Srang measures 700 by 350 m and is still partially flooded .	3
Since that mobilization , smaller numbers of wing personnel and aircraft have continually supported Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom .	7
It forced town residents to abandon ranches and successful pecan trees .	5
His older brother John and three nephews , Jack , Reginald , and Vivian , all played first-class cricket , with Jack playing Test cricket for England .	4
" Rusophycus " , the resting trace , are trilobite excavations involving little or no forward movement and ethological interpretations suggest resting , protection and hunting .	6
In 2011 , he co-founded the publishing project " K. Verlag | Press " based in Dawson City , Canada and Berlin , Germany .	4
The railway bought its first locomotive new in late 1876 .	4
The marriage coincided with a change in Surrey 's fortunes .	5
All the variables that we intend to use in a program must have been declared with its type specifier in an earlier	6
Starting with the 2020 – 21 season , LNR will create a third professional league , slotting between Pro D2 and Fédérale 1 in the league system .	6
The homesters getting the better of things 1-4 to 0-1 .	7
Vigneswaran joined Royal College , Colombo aged 11 .	5
Ironside seems to be winning , and Canutus yields , offering his hand to Ironside , who receives it honorably .	4
Onobrychis , the sainfoins , are Eurasian perennial herbs of the legume family ( Fabaceae ) .	4
She also released a song called Landline	4
" Burmah Oil Co Ltd v Lord Advocate	7
Families left homeless numbered in the thousands .	6
The Nationals rotated between several cities in the 1980s and 1990s .	5
Karnin is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district , in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .	3
Jobs 's design aesthetic was influenced by philosophies of Zen and Buddhism .	5
Wyse left the paper in 1880 and Leslie was the sole proprietor until his death on 20 February , 1907 .	3
The section of the main gallery between the entrance and the large collapse chamber varies from wide , and has a height of .	7
He is known to be one of the best skiers Montenegro has ever had in recent years , and of all time .	6
Talgje Church ( ) is a parish church in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .	3
One example of the hurdles women face in receiving good education comes from Beijing .	6
There are two living former Trinidadian Heads of State :	6
Ulotrichopus ochreipennis is a moth of the family Erebidae .	3
After that come the Remove and the Fifth Form .	4
A second appearance as in 2016 ensued .	5
The official schedule for the 2015 – 16 World Rugby Sevens Series is as follows :	7
By early April 1862 the party was on the Thomson River , which Landsborough had explored before , following this south .	3
prompt and displayed a Microsoft copyright notice .	5
The atmosphere of absolute freedom and sensuality that surrounds him little by little opens mind Rolondo 's mind .	7
They raided the offices of dozens of radical publications as well .	5
These changes appear to the observer changing greatly and irregularly .	6
Dolichoderus validus is a species of ant in the genus " Dolichoderus " .	3
It took three years beginning in 1866 to complete construction on the home , which they named the Gables .	7
Carlisle agreed , stating that he had only given permission for a head of Isabella .	7
The episode features the return of Justin Roiland , who voices the Earl of Lemongrab .	7
Metallurg Anosov , later renamed to Anosov - Soviet merchant freighter , tweendecker , one of the Leninsky Komsomol class of cargo ships .	5
The counties are Albany , Columbia , Dutchess , Greene , Orange , Putnam , Rensselaer , Rockland , Sullivan , Ulster , and Westchester .	3
Asteroid 1998 JK was named 17853 Kaler in honor of his outreach activities , and in 2008 he received the American Astronomical Society 's Education Prize .	6
Yinka Davies ( born July 16 , 1970 ) is a Nigerian vocalist , dancer , lyricist and judge of reality show , " Nigerian Idol . "	5
Nero was forced to choose sides and in his distrust of Octavian , he cast his lot with Mark Antony .	5
Males constitute 52 % of the population and females 48 % .	5
Van der Westhuizen subsequently committed suicide before a sentencing for his crimes .	4
Biostratigraphically , it ranges from the upper " Tapinocephalus " Assemblage Zone to the upper " Pristerognathus " Assemblage Zone , and is the oldest known gorgonopsian .	3
U.S. claimed 10 VPAF MiG-19s were lost in aerial combat .	4
The book published by Springer has 120 pages , measures 30 x 25 cm and is in full-colour .	6
When she is discovered , Andrew persuades Chris into letting her sit on Summer 's lap .	5
Named after William Meydenbauer , the park features paved and unpaved trails , picnic tables , a playground , a restroom facility and a beach .	7
The Umatilla National Wildlife Refuge is located on and around the Columbia River about northwest of Hermiston , Oregon and includes in Oregon , and in Washington .	6
Zimna Woda ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Brooks subsequently formed a long relationship with the poet Nicolette Stasko .	6
As little as half a mushroom cap can be fatal if the victim is not treated quickly enough .	4
Buffalo Bill 's is a hotel and casino in Primm , Nevada , United States , at the California state line .	4
The Democratic Party then initiated a publicity campaign to promote Yudhoyono as a candidate .	5
The Soviet Navy also launched nuclear attacks that destroyed about 90 % of the United States Navy .	7
" Candidis autem animis voluptatem praebuerint in "	5
Its men 's and women 's track and field and cross country teams are perennial powerhouses in their division .	5
He retired to Florida in 2005 , but a recording he had made before his retirement was used on the program until December 14 , 2007 .	6
Chep loved things military and would have approved of the arrangements .	7
Brennan speculated that the house was Jobs 's attempt to make their relationship monogamous again .	5
The " Jacob van Heemskerck " -class frigate was a class of frigates of the Royal Netherlands Navy .	5
Lev Rafailovich Zinder famous scientific proceedings :	5
Techniques used to study _ cells include :	6
" History of United States debt ceiling	5
In Australia , the Seven Network began airing Season One on Monday February 11 , 2008 at 9 : 30 P.M .	3
The song was also played to the crowd after Manly 's Grand Final wins in 2008 and 2011 .	6
Congress authorized the piece at the request of the Board of Lady Managers of the World 's Columbian Exposition .	7
Wójtówko ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
At the foot of the bridge is a signal-controlled intersection with 4th Street in Fulton , which is signed as the Lincoln Highway .	4
But black firefighters accused or convicted of similar crimes were punished .	6
Mudd died of a heart attack on April 12 , 1955 , at his home in Beverly Hills , California .	3
" Norholm " was a member of Convoy ON 219 , which departed from Liverpool on 8 January 1944 and arrived at New York on 27 January .	5
In 2002 , they represented almost 80 % of the population , which also included small numbers of Albanians and ethnic Macedonians .	7
Taking a broader perspective , there has been work about the benefits of international trade .	5
Meacham said that medical missionaries were able to go down into the deeper depths of sin and misery than other people could .	7
In June , they played the " BBC Introducing " stage at Glastonbury Festival .	4
Crew , Nanette Lepore , Alexandre Vauthier , Hervé Léger , bebe , Tracy Reese , Betsey Johnson , Anne Valérie Hash , and St. John .	3
Other festivals include the seed sowing festival called Linhut tangnit .	7
Competition for these resources , particularly where limited , have caused or been additive to conflicts in the past .	6
The music videos of " Bold & Delicious " and " Pride " were both filmed in New York and were both directed by Luis Hernandez .	4
The next quarter-reel comedy was " A Husband 's Jealous Wife " and it was split with " The Convict " .	4
Symantec 's shareholders voted to approve the merger on June 24 , 2005 .	4
The corps ' three tank brigades were battle-hardened , but the others were newly formed and had not yet seen combat .	4
In his last professional ring appearance , Toweel fought future World Welterweight and Middleweight champion Emile Griffith at Madison Square Garden on 22 October 1960 .	4
Whoever answers the most questions correctly wins .	4
Species accepted as of May 2014 are :	6
Szczerbice ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaszowice , within Rybnik County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
He was a professor of drawing , painting , sculpture , graphic art , composition , color theory , perspective , etc .	3
The Baku to Tehran bus stops in Astara .	4
Sunday , October 27 , 2013 – 8 : 15 p.m. ( EDT ) at Busch Stadium in St. Louis , Missouri	3
She has wispy blonde hair and very clear blue eyes .	4
Koch appealed to the Illinois Supreme Court and the Supreme Court of the United States , which both refused to grant him a hearing .	6
" Names have been changed to protect the innocent .	4
Went to Bnei Akiva seminary with Yifat .	5
b. to consign goods for the purposes of sale , or	7
The club was founded May 27 , 1935 , and plays its home games at the Estadio Félix Capriles .	6
On 19 November 1992 , the Government of Bangladesh issued a commemorative stamp honouring Titumir on the 161st anniversary of his death .	6
A prediction of a two-country Ricardian comparative advantage model is that countries will export goods where output per worker ( i.e .	6
1 mile ( 1.9 km ) to the east of the town lies the village of East Haven .	5
They may not say it , but they understand it – and we certainly do . ”	3
He started playing football at 9 years old in the football sportschool of Spartak Moscow , which he was a pupil of .	7
Twisted Pictures has since produced all installments in the " Saw " franchise .	3
There are 28 urban areas in the North Island with a population of 10,000 or more :	4
The following year he also became captain general of Peru .	5
She is known for her fondness for Cavalier King Charles Spaniels .	5
As a municipal division , the Town of Kurovskoye is incorporated within Orekhovo-Zuyevsky Municipal District as Kurovskoye Urban Settlement .	4
The quarter is crossed by " Fevzi Paşa Caddesi " , one of the most important roads of the historic part of Istanbul .	7
The manner of running a community game can be described as treating the community as an NPC in the game with stats that the player characters enhance .	6
By 1991 , The Genius and Prince Rakeem were signed to separate record labels .	4
Standard source control functions are supported for element control including ADD , UPDATE , DELETE , MOVE , TRANSFER , SIGNIN and SIGNOUT .	5
The European Pharmacopoeia Commission determines the general principles applicable to the elaboration of the European Pharmacopoeia .	6
I just didn 't want to do that . "	4
He supported Solidarity ( Solidarność ) founder and activist Lech Wałęsa .	7
Glasgow was incorporated on June 20 , 1920 .	3
In 1999 , Wilson released her first spoken word album , " The Elders Speak " .	3
It can reach a length of TL .	4
( Useful for virtual machines such as QEMU or VirtualBox . )	5
The LGUs have control of the executive and legislative branch .	6
39 " debuted on the " Billboard " 200 at number three with first week sales of 110,000 copies .	4
After the season , on October 14 , 1996 , the Boston Red Sox selected Trlicek off of waivers .	3
Iraqi government forces retreated after the U.S. intervened by launching missile strikes on southern Iraq in 1996 .	7
Arts : English , MIL ( Assamese ) Optional- Economics , Education , History , Logic & Philosophy , Mathematics , Political Science And Sociology	3
Głodowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Also a niece named Cheryl and a nephew named Delanzo Jr .	7
The village has a population of 2,338 .	4
He turned down a new contract offer from Tranmere and instead , on 1 July 2008 , signed a two-year deal with League Two club Bradford City .	6
Nearly 90 % of Iranians are Shi 'a and about 10 % are Sunni .	5
The releases created an interest in the dance community , and reached radio via John Peel .	4
Enrique Samaniego was a mid-20th century harpist and composer whose Paraguayan harp music achieved national and international recognition .	7
He is a regular visitor to local schools wherever he is performing .	3
Because Kalaupapa had a better climate and sea access , it developed as the main community .	5
" Jammu and Kashmir State Road Transport Corporation	5
This delivery system is called a " Trojan Horse " .	3
He sought to prove Goldbach 's conjecture .	5
The church seats about 260 people .	3
Overall was elected chairman of the meeting .	4
The Seminoles compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) .	7
It lies approximately west of Żywiec and south of the regional capital Katowice .	6
Corey Collymore was the standout bowler for the West Indies taking 4 for 72 .	6
LA 700 begins at a junction with LA 35 located about north of Kaplan .	7
In probability theory , an additive Markov chain is a Markov chain with an additive conditional probability function .	3
Marie 's heroines are often the instigators of events , but events that often end in suffering .	5
In the following year Hernán Cortés stopped by the island on his way to Veracruz .	5
“ Law indeed encourages rather than extinguishes the contentions of mankind . ”	4
It focused on publishing sets and series of books ( i.e .	7
This adds to the problem of finding available nutrients for plants .	6
From Manila via Calambâ , a bus will take you to Santa Cruz , Laguna .	4
showed that phyllotactic patterns emerge as self-organizing processes in dynamic systems .	6
The team initially competed in the Chester-le-Street & District Football League .	6
In 1901 , the established Church of Scotland built a new church , St Brides Chapel , on Carlogie Road for the burghal part of Panbride parish .	6
She later learns that Chris could play all along and that he was helping her instead .	4
1980 also saw the introduction of the E Series 900 and 1200 LPM band printers .	6
The meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the given name .	7
The village has a population of 370 .	4
When she was four years old , she moved with her father to Kenya , which was then colonial British East Africa .	5
In addition to replacing the St. Paul 's Avenue viaduct , the approaches to US 1-9 Truck between Route 7 and the Tonnele Circle were improved .	6
National Assembly elections were held in Bhutan on 31 May and 13 July 2013 .	4
Until 1937 he played for the Odessa 's local teams including FC Dynamo Odessa finishing his career in FC Traktor Kharkiv that year .	4
Glass-making was introduced into the region from the second half of the 13th century .	4
, the company was third-largest cinema chain in Malaysia and featured Hollywood as well as Chinese and Tamil films	5
The population density was .	3
In 1738 he was the speaker of the introduction ceremony Crown Prince Frederick of Prussia becoming a freemason .	6
The Law Society also regularly invites notable speakers to deliver individual addresses to the Society .	5
The Scouts have also offered considerable aid and assistance to other Scout organizations in the Persian Gulf area .	7
The district has a gymnasium called Nærum Gymnasium built in 2003 .	7
Following the election of the Turnbull Government , the Department of the Environment was renamed , with effect from 19 July 2016 :	4
This pregnancy , as well as other circumstances in her life , inspired Hill to make a solo album .	5
" Wipukepa " , " Tolkepaya " , and " Yavepé " ( four separate groups )	3
Litters contained two to three cubs .	6
Some of this work was submitted to the University of Aberdeen for his doctorate ( DSc ) , which was conferred on him in 1933 .	5
The vaqf is a traditional source of financial support for all religious institutions .	3
Silk-worm breeding is considered to be one of the ancient and traditional fields at the region .	6
He died in 1686 in Hamman Ali in the Anis region , possibly from poisoning .	3
The Battle of Göllheim was fought on 2 July 1298 between Albert I of Habsburg and Adolf of Nassau-Weilburg .	7
Park Broom is a hamlet in the Carlisle District , in the county of Cumbria , England .	4
Thus , NASACT 's technical network of government finance professionals	3
Tradition had it that a fire destroyed the barn at Shilton .	6
529 : Bolton - Astley Bridge - Eagley	5
It works with government , industry and other professional associations , education stakeholders and the media to promote its standards and views .	7
This injury lead him to miss the 2011 – 12 I-League season .	7
As a way to help manage large and complex software .	7
Scalia also rejected the " dignity " premise that supported the Court 's decision .	6
" Alger – Sullivan Lumber Company Residential Historic District	6
There are no documents or archaeological evidence which could shed light on the colonization of Nadur by its first inhabitants .	6
But even then , I just don ’ t ever feel like going back to that ... It ’ s got a good Joel Goldsmith score . "	6
There was also a network of canals supplying the Moorends Works .	5
Cyntia is an all-female Japanese rock band formed in 2011 .	4
She attended New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts , but left before graduating to take on roles on Broadway .	7
In 2012 the company acquired FerroKin BioSciences for $ 325 million along with FerroKins lead iron chelator - FBS0701 .	5
The racial makeup of the town was 88.9 % White , 9.3 % African American , and 1.8 % from two or more races .	6
But , the twist is that every week , one of the Final 14 may have to say goodbye until only four remain .	6
" Istituto Giuseppe Toniolo di Studi Superiori	6
In 2018 , he was hired by the Minnesota Wild as an assistant coach .	3
There were 194 housing units at an average density of 186.7 per square mile ( 72.0 / km ² ) .	7
نشست اندر آن نامور بیشه کرد	6
( See " Realization , or rather Biographie " . )	4
The single charted at # 88 on the UK Singles Chart .	6
He sorted all the letters and packages as the vessel moved along the river , picking up and dropping off the mail at each landing .	6
dissemination of data and information needed in legislation inclusive of facilitating real	5
He was responsible for all the blood service that includes technical and management issues .	7
Katrina currently resides in Santa Monica , California with her husband , , and her three children , Mackenzie , Alexander and Ruby Rose .	5
Conductive coupling passes the full spectrum of frequencies including direct current .	5
He was constantly sketching , making as many as a hundred drawings a day .	5
In the North Country , what had been an industrial area focused on mining and timber has largely been transformed into a vacation destination .	7
De Beauvoir remained an editor until her death .	3
Parechovirus is a genus of viruses in the family " Picornaviridae " .	3
The party failed to win any seats in the Senate or House of Representatives .	7
Verbs in Tiriyó distinguish between factual and non-factual moods .	7
Redford had long harbored ambitions to work on both sides of the camera .	5
Dimmock wrote a weekly gardening column in the " Mail on Sunday " for many years , until January 2008 .	3
He represented the constituency of Schwäbisch Hall – Hohenlohe , and was succeeded by his son Christian von Stetten .	4
On August 8 , 2006 , after two years of touring , Hellogoodbye released its first full-length record , " Zombies !	4
The series is set in the fictional Kingdom of Dholakpur , somewhere in rural India .	4
The population density was .	3
He was awarded the Military Cross and the Croix de Guerre three times , and the Légion d 'honneur .	5
Gunnar Gran ( 11 July 1931 – 12 June 2016 ) was a Norwegian media executive .	4
There were 171 cases reported in Colorado as of July 18 .	6
It lies approximately south-east of Barczewo and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
As well as a landscaped garden setting , the building comprises : a front portico ; tower ; service core ; rear podium ; and rear carpark .	3
His serving has been admired and praised by the likes of Liu Guoliang .	5
" South American Beach Soccer League	5
It lies approximately south-west of Barczewo and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Same schedule as the Asia feed , plus local advertisements .	3
After " The X Factor " , the duo released their debut single " Bubblegum " in July 2014 , written and produced by Maree Sheehan .	4
From 1999 to 2008 , he was an assistant professor and then an associate professor of English at Carnegie Mellon University .	4
The condiment quickly became so popular that Hellmann began selling it in " wooden boats " that were used for weighing butter .	6
He was succeeded as Gerrer Rebbe by his son , Rabbi Avraham Mordechai Alter .	7
Shares were issued at $ 20 .	3
For this performance he was named " honored sports master " ( ) .	3
He reorganized the artillery , with emphasis on its modernization and technical aspects .	5
But definitely I know he has connections with extremism and terrorists .	6
The film stars Sivaji Ganesan , K. R. Vijaya , Major Sundarrajan and Suruli Rajan in lead roles .	3
The same year , she traveled to Guadaloupe to deliver the presentation " Créole et interlingua " at the conference of the International Society of Functional Linguistics .	7
The Style Council released a cover of the song in 1989 .	5
Palermo also played in Argentina for Estudiantes de La Plata and in Spain for Villarreal , Real Betis , and Alavés .	6
The fifth and final season of " Yu-Gi-Oh !	3
Agapetus was elected pope on 10 May 946 after the death Pope Marinus II .	6
Police forces were supported by bulldozers ( to clear barricades ) , armored vehicles , and rooftop snipers .	3
Inflight steering is accomplished via handles that actuate the canopy brakes , creating roll and yaw .	7
Campbell 's business prospered steadily through the 1850s and 1860s .	4
Owner Scott Winner cited costs exceeds revenues for shutting it down .	5
Leading brands are Calvé ( marketed by Unilever ) and Sloboda ( marketed by Efko ) .	5
He died July 31 , 1901 of Bright 's disease .	5
Biddy Rockman Napaljarri is a Walpiri-speaking Indigenous artist from the Western Desert region .	3
In 1957 , he joined Arlington State College ( ASC ) as dean of the College .	4
At Quahog 's Ocean World , a seal named Bojangles threatens his trainer for her bucket of fish and forces her to rub his belly .	7
The riding 's boundaries were significantly redrawn in 1999 , taking in a considerable amount of territory which was previously a part of the now-defunct Inkster .	6
Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel took home a reported $ 100,000 for just two days work .	6
Kalmar Glasäpple is suitable for eating as is , as well as for cooking .	6
The village has a population of 3,074 .	4
Their house stood on the corner of Main and Elm Streets .	7
The documents of these activities have been preserved in the Kapad-Dwar collection in the City Palace Museum in Jaipur .	4
Within this group , there are variations , largely determined by how cold the winter is .	5
" Rakiura vernale " represent the most basal taxon within the Helicopsychidae .	5
He had a chequered career , owing to his independence of character .	6
As for the reluctant coalition partner , it may vote to support the motion while expressing reservations and criticisms .	6
Mexico City was erected on top of the ruins and , over the ensuing centuries , most of Lake Texcoco has gradually been drained .	5
" Shaheed Bhagat Singh State Technical Campus	5
With several people relocating , the remaining musicians agreed that it would be impossible to replicate the band 's unique dynamic by replacing them with new members .	6
An advantage of the comparatively high degree of standardization practiced by professional appraisers is the greater ability to check an appraisal for inconsistency , accuracy and transparency .	7
A UK version of the show hosted by Andrew O 'Connor ran for three years on ITV from 1990-1993 .	6
Youngest housemates : Olli & Kaarlo , both 22 years old .	5
Training initiated for reserve personnel in January 1925 at Sand Point Airport , Seattle , Washington .	3
On January 30 , 2013 , Wenger and Victorinox announced that the separate knife brands were going to be merged into one brand : Victorinox .	5
In October 1954 Laisant faced charges following the publication of a forceful poster calling for the ending of hostilities in Indo-China .	7
Around 14 : 42 , another large explosion occurred , starting a second severe fire .	5
Phadke 's plans to organize several simultaneous attacks against the British Raj nationwide were met with very limited success .	7
Sovine was pronounced dead at 11 : 47 a.m. , shortly after arriving at the hospital .	6
Neville and Clanvowe died on pilgrimage near Constantinople , Neville two days later than Clanvowe .	7
Pisarzowice ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek , within Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
Legal drama is distinct from police crime drama or detective fiction , which typically focus on police officers or detectives investigating and solving crimes .	6
The international versions of the album exclude the bonus tracks " Love Bomb " and " Everything You Ever Wanted " .	4
Sokolov 's " A Quiet Thing " featured a range of material : original compositions , jazz standards , Jewish liturgy , and some of her poetry .	5
Further sales took place in the 1930s .	3
Tabitha , born in Exeter , was descended from one of New England 's mainline families .	5
It was released on December 15 , 1992 , by his own record label Death Row Records and distributed by Interscope Records and Priority Records .	5
Monte Mammicomito is separated from Monte Consolino by a narrow valley , in which is the town of Pazzano .	5
The lake is accessible either through the Maharlika Highway up to the town of Irosin passing through the towns of Casiguran and Juban .	7
However , the mission suffered from lack of funds due to the closure of the Arbuthnot Bank .	7
Akatsi All Stars 1 - 0 Agbozume Weavers	5
Based in Erie , Pennsylvania throughout her career , the gunboat was commissioned on September 29 , 1844 under Commander William Inman .	4
2nd Minnesota Light Artillery Battery was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .	4
The particle is charged and is thought to have a quark content of , making it a tetraquark candidate .	6
Instead , Fürth won the Southern German Cup and qualified through this route for the Southern German finals where it than finished runners-up .	4
In December 2016 he was added to South Africa 's Test squad for their series against Sri Lanka .	4
Hookton is named for its founder , John Hookton .	4
The key states of Alabama and Mississippi have no such legislation at all , so that even plants on public land have no protection .	5
Rock music has been produced in Iberian America since the late 1950s .	3
Sui Southern Gas Company transmission system extends from Sui , Balochistan to Karachi , Sindh .	6
This design helps create a sort of option strategy that is independent of financial returns .	7
On April 2 , 2016 Duhaupas traveled to Finland to take on undefeated Robert Helenius .	7
Bramwell is located just .3 miles ( .5 km ) from an access point to the Pocohontas Trail system , a component of the Hatfield-McCoy trails .	6
Cudworth was one of these ; he designed a firebox which was able to burn coal with little smoke , patenting it in 1857 .	7
In the early fifteenth century , the Bible was translated into Catalan again by Bonifaci Ferrer .	3
Huff dated Sharon Stone and Tia Carrere .	5
At 10 : 12 , Fletcher received a report of an aircraft carrier , ten transports , and 16 warships south of Nielsen 's sighting at .	5
Passenger ferry services to and from Langkawi to Kuah Ferry Service are provided at Jeti Kuala Kedah , Alor Setar .	4
On that same day , Sarajevo became one of the first European cities to have electric tram trains installed , replacing horse-drawn vehicles .	7
Bishop has been married to his wife Melanie since 1993 , with an 18-month separation that began in 2000 .	5
" Medalla de la Campaña de Rusia	5
Berlin won World Bowl XII , 30 – 24 , over the Frankfurt Galaxy on June 12 , 2004 , in Gelsenkirchen , Germany .	3
( 5 ) Provide assistance for those with Mental retardation and / or developmental disabilities	7
Most of New Zealand 's glaciers are in the South Island .	5
Werner was born in 1965 and raised on her family 's farm near Manchester , Iowa , about an hour west of Dubuque .	6
Abacha instituted much more draconian measures .	5
They robbed and killed a wealthy Jew .	4
There were 39 ( 11.0 % ) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships , and 3 ( 0.8 % ) same-sex married couples or partnerships .	6
Reviews are commissioned to specialists and supplemented with glossary explanations for non-specialist readers and illustrated with figures drawn by Nature 's in-house art editors .	7
FlitWays also has an enterprise platform , which is used by corporations including Xerox and Megabus .	7
The population density was .	3
Economic models are often simplified by assuming that all agents ( decision makers ) are identical ; this is often called the representative agent assumption .	6
Following her husband 's death in 1562 , Jeanne became a lady-in-waiting to the Queen Mother of France , Catherine de Medici .	6
The reason for their choice of this area is still unclear .	5
Others also left the movement and created fresh languages such as Nal Bino .	6
He had lost consciousness the day before and died with his wife , children , and sisters at his side .	5
For a later duke , Robert Adam produced plans for the castle gatehouse and other garden buildings , including an orangery .	3
He won the special election and was re-elected in 1986 and served until January 1991 .	4
He worked for a variety of employers on commission , creating punches and selling matrices to publishers and the government .	5
The three friends come forward to unite these love birds against all odds .	3
Bagdad , Tamaulipas , Mexico was a town established in 1848 on the south bank of the mouth of the Río Grande .	6
In 2017 , Hazan started a line of Italian specialty foods called Guiliano 's Classic .	7
The network links Luton Airport , ( for Eurostar services ) and Gatwick Airport and London Blackfriars , London Bridge and Wimbledon .	3
" La heredera ( Venezuelan TV series )	3
The band summoned the guitar skills of Scott Matalon , and over the next few months the four piece developed their performance for their live debut .	5
It opened on June 1 , 2007 .	3
On 23 October 2016 the Los Angeles Rams hosted the New York Giants at Twickenham Stadium .	4
Numerous large homes were built in the town by wealthy coal operators .	3
Like the other Nieuport types , during its later life the 17 was operated in large numbers as an advanced trainer .	3
The conclusion of the arc begun in episode 10 .	5
In the above short exact sequence , where the sequence splits , it allows one to refine the first isomorphism theorem , which states that :	5
The specific " leucocephalos " is from Ancient Greek " leukos " , " whites " , and " kephalos " , " headed " .	3
However Kaikoura remains part of Marlborough in the minds of many people .	5
Incorrect repair of other damage induced by the highly reactive species can also lead to mutations .	6
A number of opposition parties and civil society groups challenged the constitutionality of the decree .	6
Strictly Slots is a monthly magazine aimed at slot machine and video poker players .	6
The engines were double framed , with 16 " x 24 " cylinders .	5
He also released several singles , including the hit " 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 " by five-year-old Lucky Peterson .	3
2008- 2nd , All Japan GPMono Championship # 51 Honda	5
The Chesapeake Beach Railway ( CBR ) , now defunct , was an American railroad of southern Maryland and Washington , DC built in the 19th century .	4
Later the service extended to Central , Victoria .	6
He was able to speak Greek , Arabic , Persian , French , Spanish , Italian , German , and English .	3
" a / rose is a rose / is a rose is / a rose is a / rose . "	5
Okafor signed his first professional contract in February 2013 , when he joined Finnish club MYPA .	4
These birds have very large powerful hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey , strong legs , powerful talons , and keen eyesight .	4
The single spent a total of 13 weeks in the Official Top 40 .	4
John Kelly ( born 31 May 1965 in Enniskillen ) is an award winning Irish broadcaster and writer .	6
In 1943 , he married Elizabeth Anne Gifford Lywood , the daughter of Air Vice-Marshal O. G. Lywood , CB , CBE .	4
Projects with which CPCS is associated include :	5
For every 100 females there were 100.8 males .	3
He was soon followed by a large number of Simcha Bunim 's followers .	5
Closures can be produced in JavaScript by using nested functions , as functions are first-class objects .	4
" No Good Advice " was labelled " a disco track with guitar – a cross between Blondie and The Bangles . "	6
12 Derana Private Sinhala October 11 , 2005	3
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .	7
The income from this customer alone amounted to DKK 30.000-40.000 per annum .	4
Over the last 250 years , the Kosi has shifted its course over from east to west .	3
The plant uses water from Melado River and produces of electricity .	5
In 1992 , " Irresistible " was released for the third and final time as a single .	3
The fruits are red and used to make jams , juice , and wine .	6
Jansa and Weksler ( 2004 ) noted that the Eumuroid ancestors likely had hamster-like ( cricetid ) molars as opposed to mouse-like molars ( murid ) .	6
In 1593 he participated in a synod in Constantinople which confirmed the establishment of the Patriarchate of Moscow .	7
Nonetheless , and excepting Mouffe , the philosophers associated with this critique are sometimes treated together , based on :	5
Fortunately he is rescued by Alwen , a vampire princess who performs a blood contract with him .	7
" Watch the Sun Come Up " is a song by British recording artist Example .	6
Kostiantyn Yelisieiev graduated from Institute of International relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv in 1992 .	6
On 11 July 1941 , " Defender " was returning from Tobruk in company with the Australian destroyer .	3
The region of Metta was settled by Yurok since about the 14th century .	4
Barwiny ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
" Atlantic Athletic Commission World Heavyweight Championship	5
by Wands follows it as the ending for episodes 28-49. by Manish replaces it during episodes 50-81 and by Zard in episodes 82-101 .	5
At the same time a new wing and stable blocks were added , and in the 1920s a laundry block was built .	4
He is also a designer , socialite , author , recording artist , actor , venture capitalist and philanthropist .	3
For every 100 females , there were 91.9 males .	3
Vamos hacia un nuevo capitalismo ( “ Towards a New Capitalism ” ) , " La Nación " , 2007 .	3
Buffalo grass may refer to	3
Katrina Laverne Taylor ( born December 3 , 1974 ) , better known by her stage name Trina , is an American rapper .	5
Brand communities are characterized in shared consciousness , rituals and traditions , and a sense of moral responsibility .	4
Hunnicutt resided in Mill Valley , California before he was drafted .	3
- Declared of Social Interest Declared by the Buenos Aires City Legislature	7
Abdus Sobhan Rahat Ali High School is a secondary school established in the zero point of Patiya City , Patiya , Chittagong in 1914 .	7
At the time , the band was refusing to re-sign with their then manager , Mickey Most , whom they had fired in 1965 .	4
It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1956 .	3
TEC Charleroi bus lines 4 , 7b , 11 , 12 , 12b , 14 , 17 , 37 , 155 , 156 , 722 .	3
Along with the 2nd and 3rd Infantry Brigades , the 1st Infantry Brigade was part of the Australian 1st Division .	3
He developed Australia 's first private farm known as Experiment Farm , which sowed the first wheat in Australia .	7
He gave the episode an overall 6.9 / 10 rating .	6
He is currently in inactive senior status and does not maintain chambers or perform judicial duties .	6
He was born in Breslau ( Silesia ) on 1 December 1925 , and his active career spanned more than 50 years between 1955 and 2006 .	7
French Foreign Legion units associated with Operation Vigipirate are also stationed at Fort de l 'Est .	5
The production commenced in 1985 .	4
And to the end , he suggests to Elinor that they pretend to marry to lure the killer out of hiding .	7
The reissues featured rare bonus tracks , B-sides and non-album singles .	3
During the weeks between the two tapings , changes were made to costuming , effects , performances , and scripts .	3
On January 7 , 1971 , they signed a political pact agreeing to establish a national-unity government after the March elections .	6
EESTEC has its own training system aiming at developing the soft skills of its members .	7
That choir vibe on chorus is beautiful .	4
The Ernest Baxter Fite House is a historic residence in Hamilton , Alabama .	3
She won the Newbery Medal once , the Newbery Honor twice , the Caldecott Honor once , and Lewis Carroll Shelf Award .	4
Harrisons continued to operate the night service until it ceased operating the service in the 1970s .	5
Poor Eumelus was thrown down and his elbows , mouth , and nostrils were all torn .	3
It has the world 's tallest anti-missile fence tall and long .	5
To carry out her projects , she mobilized her family and asked her mother , Queen Marie , to send wood and other materials .	5
The median age was 25 years .	3
In 1981 , Keith Bearden became the first Texas Tech alumnus to become director of the Goin ' Band .	7
There are 2 arrondissements , 13 cantons and 158 communes in Lozère .	4
It serves grades 9 - 12 .	5
Dick Bos was a Dutch detective comics series , published between 1940 and 1967 on irregular basis by Alfred Mazure .	7
They consult her in her small , well-ordered home .	3
He is said to have made a voyage to Greenland in 1750 .	5
Most possess large teeth used to tear flesh or grasp slippery prey items .	7
In middle Europe , it is in Austria , Belgium , the Czech Republic , Germany , Hungary , the Netherlands , Poland , Slovakia and Switzerland .	3
Traditionally , Texas high school drill teams have been all female , but males have auditioned and been selected to teams in recent years .	5
The performance consisted of Lena either sitting or standing on black platform and her dancing on the stage in front of audience .	7
There have been no reported deaths or hospitalizations from 2C-TFM .	5
He served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Boston until his retirement in 2010 .	5
Messages are routed by successively matching bits of the destination address .	5
An attack can cause serious damage to a critical infrastructure which may result in casualties .	5
I need to shoot a video !	4
Collins was performing at the Paléo Festival in Nyon , Switzerland , in July 1993 when he was taken ill .	3
Many believe that cyberterrorism is an extreme threat to countries ' economies , and fear an attack could potentially lead to another Great Depression .	5
The foundation stone for the new building was laid ( according to an inscription on the north eastern buttresses of the choir ) on 13 May 1474 .	5
The former favored open architecture computers like the Apple II , sold to education , small business , and home markets less vulnerable to IBM .	5
Deepa Soman of Times Of India praised the storyline of film and performances of actors .	6
The descendants of Gat Salyan were also regarded as the founders of the other towns of the present province of Rizal .	6
Pete Enders , who also built the local school , constructed and plastered the building , while I. Hainsworth completed the carpentry work .	5
" New York City Council Women 's Caucus	6
Lab offers post production and mastering services .	4
Layne Tom Jr . ( June 19 , 1927 – January 14 , 2015 ) was an American actor .	5
The more affirming essay " Miss Furr and Miss Skeene " is one of the first homosexual revelation stories to be published .	6
Agathla ( El Capitan ) in Monument Valley is another prominent volcanic neck in this volcanic field .	4
All of these cars are 30 years old or older .	4
Her papers are held at University of California Santa Barbara .	5
ASWaJ still draws inspiration from their parent Anbariyya leadership , headed by Afa Seidu in Tamale .	4
It is obvious that he himself has secret feelings for Brindsley .	5
The teams qualified through the regional championships :	3
A Stolen Life may refer to :	3
It was described by Fairmaire in 1884 .	3
He additionally recorded with former Sons of Champlin bandmember and solo recording artist Tim Cain .	6
when he was eighteen years old .	3
" Sweater Weather " started in a similar way to how many other songs do .	5
However , through merger and acquisition and in response to the increasing globalisation of world markets , many vendors now describe themselves as global .	6
Hansen Yuncken is a national Australian construction company , founded in 1918 .	4
The bridge spans the Baling River Valley and opened to public traffic on December 23 , 2009 .	4
The number of people living in New Zealand who were born overseas continued to climb .	6
The film stars Wally Brown , Alan Carney , Marcy McGuire , Virginia Mayo , Elaine Shepard , Gordon Oliver , Amelita Ward and Dooley Wilson .	3
In cup they reached another final , only to be defeated again , this time by Flamurtari Vlorë .	3
It was displayed at the Science Museum for 150 years , although in a form much modified from its state at the Rainhill Trials .	6
Alpine , Amber , Best Kits & Harnesses , Metra , PAC , Phoenix Gold , Sony , and Stinger .	3
In 1970 , owner Charlie Finley officially changed the team name from the Athletics to the " A 's " .	3
" See : List of Philippine television networks and "	5
Bromopyrogallol red forms blue to violet-blue complexes with yttrium and cerium .	6
Children with Mary Ann Sarah Saxon	3
In October , the test program started , and from December verification was initiated with the LTO Committee .	4
" The Set Up " also marked the first of several recurring appearances by Ben Schwartz as Tom 's friend Jean-Ralphio Saperstein .	4
In 1936 Walter Rosenberg secured a visa for Argentina and sailed there to live with Stern , who was then married to Horacio Coppola .	7
The larvae feed on " Arenaria " species and " Antennaria dioica " .	3
Carolina rose to national prominence in the late 1970s under Hall of Fame coach and former Johns Hopkins Blue Jay Willie Scroggs .	6
The positions are divided into two main categories ; forwards ( numbered 1 to 8 ) and backs ( numbered 9 to 15 ) .	6
The idea was that when one side had burnt down , it could be stoked whilst the other side was at peak temperature and consuming its smoke .	6
Fordham was a first-team 4A All-State selection at defensive endfrom Tift County High School in Tifton , Georgia .	6
Later in the war he would also win the Italy Star during the advance into Italy .	4
Cybereason offers endpoint detection and response software .	4
On the July 22 episode of " NXT " , Eva Marie defeated Cassie in her in – ring debut .	5
At the 1992 general election he re-gained his Dáil seat in Tipperary North .	3
In the 1998 Latin American literary classic " Yo-Yo Boing !	3
At first , David Brinkley , John Chancellor , and Frank McGee rotated duties as anchors .	4
An extract from the story appears in the paperback edition of " By Royal Command " .	4
The Mumbai Police detained several men for questioning .	3
Pompey , fearing that this might lead to an even greater war , had Perpenna executed and burned the letters without even reading them .	7
After graduating from Columbia University in 1985 , she began her career in journalism at the " Miami Herald " .	4
It lies approximately east of Gietrzwałd and south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
It was purchased by the same company in 2008 .	3
In music , the acoustic scale , overtone scale , Lydian dominant scale , or Lydian 7 scale , is a seven-note synthetic scale .	3
" Dorset Yacht Co Ltd v Home Office	6
The Uralic phonetic alphabet uses as in Finnish to denote the front vowel .	4
The dorms or units " R " , " S " , " T " , " W " , and " X " .	3
They find Kalishak , who denies that he knows anything about the professor .	7
Milton is a part of the Huntington-Ashland , WV-KY-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) .	5
The exact location is kept restricted to avoid damage to the site .	5
Even the United States , they are being attacked in Afghanistan . " .	3
During his PhD studies , Erwin Wagner joined the Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics in Berlin with a Max Planck Fellowship for one year in 1976 .	3
It 's still opening new doors to this day . "	3
Early criteria for observability in nonlinear dynamic systems were discovered by Griffith and Kumar , Kou , Elliot and Tarn , and Singh .	4
Lyn Scully ( Janet Andrewartha ) allows Sophie to babysit her grandson Charlie Hoyland ( Jacob Brito ) .	5
The company aims to promote sustainable agriculture and improve humanity .	4
It provides abstractions for routines that are especially useful for processing of audio , video , and still images .	6
His godparents were King George VI and the then-Princess Elizabeth ( now Queen Elizabeth II ) of the United Kingdom .	3
Trans-bay shipping suffered from increasing competition from roads and railroads .	7
in Leviticus 2 : 4 Turkish " tandır " , Uzbek " tandir " , Azerbaijani " təndir " and Kurdish " tendûr " .	3
David Clarke officially retired after the 2017 / 18 EIHL Season .	6
< br > · " White , " Stephen Bulger Gallery , Toronto , Ontario ( 2001 )	3
Robert Fitz Stephen and Richard , son of Gilbert , i.e .	5
At last he meets Doel in a jail .	3
Other crops are : corn , yuca , oranges , bananas , beans , sesame , sorghum , rice , tomatoes , and tobacco .	3
Funimation released the series in 2012 on DVD and Blu-ray .	5
March to Danville April 23-29 , and duty there until May 23 .	3
For a time Campanella provided the voice-over for BMW commercials in the United States , intoning , " BMW — the ultimate driving machine " .	3
On 7 March 1917 , they teamed up to down an enemy two-seater , attacking it eight times .	4
Puerto-Rican artist Luis Fonsi debuted his single " Corazón en La Maleta " , two years after his last appearance on the show .	4
Symptoms associated with high doses of caffeine include	6
Thorntonhall has a history reflecting the social changes of the last 400 years and in particular the last 120 years .	6
He is also the father of Late Lt .	3
Why Cyrus and his brothers came to Greenbrier County is not known .	5
At the time , he was reportedly almost heavier compared to his Tour weight of .	3
The soldiers go through basic military training as well as having to learn how to march , weapons drill , and how to perform synchronically .	6
" 2007 All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship Final	5
She currently sits on the National Board of Directors for the Producers Guild of America .	6
The village has a population of 1,191 .	4
Themes are structures consisting of unanalyzable root morphemes that form the basis of Quechan words .	7
Nicoletta is left wondering why Claudio really wears his wedding ring .	4
Roger Salazar , a California Democratic Party spokesman also was quoted as saying - " They want to put it off onto some massive conspiracy theory ...	7
Hydatius records opposition , possibly secret , to his succession , but the basis of this opposition he does not mention .	4
The host Thunder Bay Bearcats won the bronze medal .	4
It lies approximately north-east of Lubliniec and north of the regional capital Katowice .	6
The first recorded match on the Bedford School Cricket Ground was played in 1876 , between Bedfordshire and Huntingdonshire .	5
A native of the East Bay , Kelly now resides with his wife Sarah and two youngest children in the woods of Southern Oregon .	4
Moreover , the base is sculptured by irregular , radiating riblets and like the upper part , by microscopic striae .	3
Repaired and possibly enlarged before being decommissioned 6 March 1917 when the army terminated airship operations .	6
Its executive producers are Lauren Eskelin , Lorraine Haughton , Glenda Hersh , Carlos King , Steven Weinstock and Andy Cohen .	3
Edinaldo Batista Libânio ( born 2 April 1979 ) , commonly known as Grafite ( pronounced ) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a forward .	6
The education that does not further the ends of Universal peace and progress is not deserving of the name .	6
The activities extended to 60,000 victims providing food and shelter .	7
PostgreSQL is available for the following operating systems : Linux ( all recent distributions ) , Windows ( Windows 2000 SP4 and later ; compilable by e.g .	4
" Diablo " was followed by the " " expansion pack in 1997 , and a sequel , " Diablo II " , in 2000 .	3
Always Be My Maybe is a 2016 Philippine romantic-comedy film top-billed by Gerald Anderson and Arci Muñoz directed by Dan Villegas .	7
eMarketer was once quoted as saying ; " Put simply , eToys is the benchmark against which all other toy sites are measured " .	6
The racial makeup of the town was 98.46 % White , 1.03 % African American , and 0.51 % from two or more races .	6
In 2014 , ClassDojo added a messaging function to its platform , allowing teachers to communicate with parents as a group or directly .	7
" Enter the Wu-Tang ( 36 Chambers ) " was recorded at Firehouse Studio in New York City from 1992 to 1993 .	5
The membership , training and research organisation became CoramBAAF .	4
He was tall , had an arm span of and weighed .	6
Its totals sales in 2014 were 2,615 billion South Korean won .	6
The title of the album became a long lasting nickname for him .	4
Condoleezza Rice was appointed Secretary of State in 2005 , and thus became the highest-ranking woman in the United States presidential line of succession in history .	7
Of these , 72,496 ( 97 % ) lived in urban areas and 2,253 ( 3 % ) in rural areas .	4
Barra del Colorado Airport is an airport serving Barra del Colorado a town located in Pococí canton , Limón Province , Costa Rica .	7
More than 27,000 are buried at Novodevichy .	4
Conventional systems can generate both life-threatening shocks and arc flashes .	5
C is a driver who fails to see B on the road and by running over him , contributes to the cause of his death .	7
It develops with the soldier 's command over himself .	4
Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System 1189974 .	4
Non-Muslims can enter the mosque to watch prayers , discuss with others various Islamic and cultural issues , and collect introductory booklets on Islam .	7
The original innovator of multiple fire-tubes is unclear , between Stephenson and Marc Seguin .	4
" New York City LGBT Pride March	6
Wojtyła and the Polish bishops contributed a draft text to the Council for " Gaudium et spes " .	7
Berlin , Germany has two Chinatowns , one in the East and one in the West .	6
The Arena Coliseo 70th Anniversary Show marked the first time the two faced off since the " Apuestas " match .	4
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists	5
Compositions documented by academic database WorldCat :	5
They had brand association with many products such as a drink , soups , fans , stationary , bags , biscuits .	6
More powerful Conqueror engines were fitted , with all aircraft using geared engines as used on the XO-35 .	6
Rafighdoost said in a 2014 interview that he twice suggested to Khomeini that Iran develop weapons of mass destruction to counter their use by Saddam Hussein .	7
" Little-Sääksi " is a popular beach in the village ( Sääksi is Finland 's largest spring water lake ) .	4
An English translation premiered in London a year later , and that was followed by performances in other European countries .	4
The Garbha Griha is a wider structure compared to the Ardha Mantapa .	3
Cory has a 30-year-old daughter from her first marriage and a 10-year-old son with her current husband .	5
They performed the backing vocals on the Jimi Hendrix Experience 's first single , " Hey Joe " .	7
He was a great-uncle of the art potter Blanche Georgiana Vulliamy .	6
Beginning with " A Sun That Never Sets " , Neurosis began incorporating clean vocals and acoustic instrumentation into its sound .	6
" Sistema de Informações da República Portuguesa	6
DreamWorks launched a major campaign to promote the film five weeks before the ballots for the Academy Awards were due .	7
The village has a population of 190 .	4
When he was 17 he returned to London to play drums for The Freddie Mack Road Show .	4
During his partnership with Grounds this interest was intensified .	5
Two varieties are currently recognised in the genus : " H. minor " var .	3
The Department is responsible for ensuring that local schools comply with state and federal laws and regulations .	7
Parenting related to child development outcomes , and	6
if formula _ 8 and 0 otherwise .	4
Initially , thrombelastography was simply performed with whole blood without adding reagents ( except calcium when citrate anticoagulated blood was used ) .	5
These include the military and international relations .	5
Joyce quickly denied the reports and stated he had no intention in fighting in July .	7
" Statistics accurate as of match played 13 October 2018 . "	6
However , Winchester still has to adjust to the realities of field medicine .	5
He graduated in English Literature at the University of British Columbia .	5
Later that year , Dossow was the " Generaladjutant " to Leopold I of Anhalt-Dessau during the capture of Rügen and siege of Stralsund .	7
He wrote several biographical studies as well as several studies setting out an overview of the state of research of TB at particular points in time .	7
Here it can withstand temperatures as low as .	3
Stempel Garamond has relatively short descenders , allowing it to be particularly tightly linespaced .	4
The Tarawera River , nicknamed " the black drain " , has had a history of water pollution , predominantly due to industrial activity .	5
It was released in the United States on July 25 , 2003 by Dimension Films .	3
However , they are considered to be “ experimental , investigational , or unproven ” therapies .	3
He also participated in the 2009 CHL Top Prospects Game .	5
Thus puppetoon animation requires many separate figures .	4
Hulls were sickle shaped and often had masts and deck houses .	5
The plant captures small aquatic invertebrates using traps similar to those of the Venus flytrap .	7
The film stars Ray Winstone , Ian McShane , John Hurt , Tom Wilkinson , Stephen Dillane and Joanne Whalley .	3
The first building known to have been constructed on the city 's present location was a 1540 French fort .	7
He also appears in national commercials for McDonald 's and AFLAC .	5
The 2008 Feast was a memorable one not only for the group but for all the people of our village .	4
This was explained via an explosion made by Curio , which resulted in the Shaksters moving .	7
Yamashiro left Hawaii County with a budget surplus .	3
Final – 3 October 8 : 45h	3
As in the main game , the talking player had 20 seconds to say as many keywords as possible from a list of 10 .	6
The village has a population of 221 .	4
Hudes is a visiting professor in the theater department at Wesleyan University in Middletown , Connecticut .	3
Artists known for their use or advocacy of the technique include :	7
" Agreement for the Suppression of the Circulation of Obscene Publications	5
It covers the villages Funnefoss , Oppåkermoen and Vormsund in Nes , and the home ground is at Oppåkermoen .	4
His mother is deceased , and he is close to his father .	4
After only two seasons , as a high performance soccer player , he joined Esteghlal Tehran FC , one of the most famous clubs in Iran .	5
Sieve sizes used in combinations of four to eight sieves .	7
ne fia chi osi più Iddio sfidar .	6
The reverse depicts a kneeling woman with distaff and spindle .	5
Handicraft cooperatives also have been busy making hand-operated or animal-drawn implements .	6
Along an axial direction , called the easy axis , the magnetic moments tend to align .	5
The central area formed the Nock Mountains national park established by the Carinthian state government on 1 January 1987 .	5
At one time it was known as Jeanette .	3
It is a shrub sometimes as much as 5 meters ( 200 inches or 16.7 feet ) tall .	7
In December 2006 , Balder started a second webcomic , " Erfworld " , with artist Jamie Noguchi .	3
It is a part of the North East Delhi Lok Sabha constituency .	7
Interstate 77 is a short distance to the east .	3
Before completing the course she was awarded the prestigious Carleton Hobbs Radio Award .	7
On June 3 , 1862 , while in command of Capt .	3
One to whom a patent was granted .	5
With Édouard Guillaume Eugène Reuss , he edited the " Beiträge zu den theologischen Wissenschaften " ( 6 volumes , 1847 – 55 ) .	3
The atlas facilitates comparisons with the previous Seventy-ninth Congress , and subsequent Eighty-first Congress , and all other congresses , in both geographic pattern and partisan divide .	4
In the 2006 presidential election , the party supported the incumbent Eduard Kokoity .	3
Not less relevant a lively " barrio chino " can be found on Avenida Principal El Bosque in the El Bosque district of Caracas .	4
He also mentions that there are direct and indirect causes for decline .	6
After his service , he resumed agricultural pursuits .	3
She had three daughters ; all the men in their lives abandoned them .	5
for all values of " x " ( or equivalently " X " and " Y " have the same distribution ) .	5
This took effect on 1 January 1923 .	4
Scott M. Rodell is a martial artist , author , and teacher of Yang-style taijiquan .	4
The place was named after a building used to entertain drivers who stopped there .	6
Hann survived , but Flick was cornered and shot dead by other police in the early hours next morning .	3
In the episode " Old Enemies " , he returned and robbed the Treasury but was later caught by Bheem .	4
Modern LC shutter glasses are used for viewing projected 3D films in some theaters , as well as 3DTV video and stereoscopic computer graphics .	4
The Netherlands also produces 95 % of the international market in bulbs dedicated to the production of cut flowers .	6
PICA has made available $ 1.138 billion in direct assistance to the City through debt issuance and capital program earnings .	7
Retiready also gives users access to new pensions and savings products .	6
Neuberg , S. L. , & Newsom , J. T. ( 1993 ) .	4
Each flat contains two bedrooms , a living room , kitchen , bathroom , an enclosed front sleep-out , and an enclosed rear verandah .	5
One of her most notable accomplishment is the teaching and mentoring of numerous students .	5
Faced with seemingly endless legions of horrific creatures , Royce and Archie , helped by Mrs. Jennings ' cat , travel up and down the rows .	5
For the years 2008-2012 , the alcalde is Angel Castro Medina ( PDC ) , and the council members are :	3
She is a former president of the Greenfield Ranch Association .	3
" The Big O " Meleschuk ( born April 11 , 1940 ) is a Canadian former curler of Ukrainian descent .	4
It is part of the " Weirton-Steubenville , WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area " .	6
An abandoned airport is between Dhār Masala , Rajpur and Fahtepur , 16 km from Gaya by bus .	4
In October 1934 , Stein arrived in America after a 30-year absence .	3
He then became a barrister in London .	4
A Chinese translation of the latter was released in 1990 by Kiangsu jen-min ch 'u-pan-she in Nanking ( latest reprinting in 1996 ) .	6
In 2013 the Lina Nyberg Band made its first tour in the U.S. and Canada .	5
1994 - Class 6A Regional Playoffs Quarterfinals /	6
" January 2011 : " The company renews its longstanding contract with the European Space Agency	4
As an amateur , Vázquez fought 17 times , losing three contests .	4
The population density was .	3
The Consul-General was also able to secure the release of the other vessels some time later .	5
At the Brookhaven National Laboratory , Graham was a member of a team building an improved version of the Los Alamos MANIAC computer .	7
Immediate or short-term memory remains intact .	5
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .	7
The village has a population of 129 .	4
Leander received the pallium in August , 599 .	3
Ángel O. Berríos ( September 21 , 1940 – April 28 , 2006 ) was a native of Caguas , Puerto Rico .	5
Various groups have been formed to support keeping the area pristine and free from bear-hunting activity .	6
In June 2008 The Cansecos remixed Black Kids " Hurricane Jane " for the Hurricane Jane Single .	4
" Partial list from 1984 to 1998 "	4
The luck we 'd had with our first three films all hitting the jackpot was phenomenal .	7
Gustav Alexander ( 1873 – 12 April 1932 ) was an Austrian otolaryngologist remembered for describing Alexander 's law .	6
She catches Nate before he hits the ground , and together they fly off into the desert .	4
It lies approximately south of Małdyty , north-west of Ostróda , and west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
They have also continued to sell typical Filipino dishes in bulk such as lechon .	7
The population density was 3,352.4 people per square mile ( 1,289.4 / km ² ) .	3
At harvest time , large quantities of these fruits are sold in markets , as well as on the side of the roads into the town .	4
In Portugal , the term Cyber Monday was first used in 2009 .	3
Kruzy ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
No action was taken until after the fraud was uncovered , when many measures were announced .	5
Venice Biennale : Identity and Alterity-Figures of the Body 1895 / 1995	7
Latouche continued his mission and the French vessels successfully landed their passengers and funds in spite of British opposition .	5
His biggest Broadway success was as the stuffy newlywed husband of Elizabeth Ashley in Neil Simon 's " Barefoot in the Park " ( 1963 ) .	5
" " said " " Hardcore Zen " is " Be Here Now " for now . "	3
This year was significant because Mohun Bagan became the first club from India to go on a tour of East Africa .	7
Ripley is located at ( 38.821078 , -81.714264 ) , along Mill Creek .	3
Core members of the district 's administration are :	5
The propeller sounds heard by Gordon were actually from the U-Boat , nearly away , reaching Gordon 's sonobuoys through a " surface duct " .	6
" Redlands District Rugby League Football Club	6
Erik earned a degree in finance from the University of Southern California and an MBA from San Francisco State University .	7
The election campaign officially began on 25 April 2014 , one month before the election day .	3
Ships involved in Prime Chance include :	5
It lies approximately north-west of Szczytno and south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
The village has a population of 20 .	4
The press printed in 1613 , Philippines ’ oldest dictionary and the first book printed using the movable type , the " Vocabulario de Lengua Tagala " .	7
This subunit tends to associate with alpha 6 subunit and is likely to play a pivotal role in the biology of invasive carcinoma .	7
SEXPO was created in 1995 as a way of bringing adult health , sexuality and lifestyle products and services into a safe , secure and mainstream setting .	7
It is found in South America , including Brazil .	3
Source : Rosario Candela listing in Emporis Buildings	5
Sovine had two other Top Five singles that year and became a member of the Grand Ole Opry .	6
The size of a sediment trap can vary from a small lagoon to a large basin such as the Persian Gulf .	6
The population density was .	3
Its evaluations cover known or unrecognized hazards .	5
On the morning of October 23 , Edson , who lived in Port Gibson , New York was passing through his grain field with a friend .	6
26 machine guns so the contract was signed with no design work on the desired armament configuration .	5
Go is played with playing tokens known as " stones " .	6
After gaining viewership , Yoola shifted to become an MCN , working with and managing various other content channels .	7
Since then he has designed and authored dozens of books on typography and design .	7
Miyamoto began learning to skate in 1988 .	5
" Mojamaveh-ye Mowtowr Hay Chah-e Rihan	5
" He remained for his biographers a shadowy , active , competent , second-rate figure , circling around the glowing glory of the two dominant masters . "	6
" List of Panathinaikos AO presidents	4
In 2003 , the song won the Popjustice £ 20 Music Prize , awarded to the best British pop single of the past year .	5
A 5th Canadian division was broken up for reinforcements before being fully formed , and would have had a burgundy / purple colour patch .	7
While the settings are true to life , the lais often contain elements of folklore or of the supernatural , such as Bisclavret .	5
Core members of the district 's administration include :	5
He had at least two younger brothers .	5
Many counties are completely " wet " counties , where all alcoholic beverage sales are legal everywhere in the county :	4
It eventually appeared in nearly 400 newspapers .	4
Several subsequent fires destroyed most of the historic downtown .	5
All compositions by Pepper Adams except where noted	3
Therefore , " O. viciifolia " is a promising crop to enhance biodiversity within agro-ecosystems .	4
Lucas Conrad Elmendorf ( 1758 – August 17 , 1843 ) was a United States Representative from New York .	5
Shamlou devoted four decades of his life to collecting and organizing Iranian folklore .	6
As a cricketer , he made over 50 first-class appearances , all for Somerset County Cricket Club .	4
Units and jurisdiction of stations reassigned to Air Defense Command , 1957	7
The Space Shuttle main engines each had a damper in the LOX line , but not in the hydrogen fuel line .	3
The village has a population of 300 .	4
Nicanor served as Greek Patriarch of Alexandria between 1866 and 1869 .	6
Paranormal Containment Unit in its single other appearance , in " Blade " vol .	3
Éric Gélinas ( born May 8 , 1991 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for Slovan Bratislava of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .	5
Silk and porcelain , as well as tea were loaded here , where a Chinese community thrived near Canton Street in the Docklands .	6
The most likely explanation is that it resulted from the dissolution of underground salt deposits from an anticline , resulting in a kind of sinkhole .	6
At the event , Los Mochi Paco and Guerrero Azteca teamed with Konnan to face the heel faction of Blitz and JMB .	6
A " " review of a book containing her poems considers her position :	6
He is only the second U.S. citizen in the history of the country 's existence to ever be granted Angolan nationality .	5
There are nine player classes that a player can choose from .	5
It has also been determined that Hale – Bopp will not return to the inner solar system until approximately 4385 .	4
He next sent an army to Mosul which surrendered on the terms of the Jizya .	6
During February 1865 , the 47th and 55th Regiments were consolidated , but only 2 sergeants of the 47th surrendered on April 9 .	5
Among these are Vyond , Toon Boom , Xara Photo & Graphic Designer , Serif DrawPlus , Toufee , Express Animator , CelAction 2D and Anime Studio .	3
The Australian Record Industry Association has since certified " Tea & Sympathy " platinum five times over for sales in excess of 350,000 units .	6
He is last seen being carried away by Lily into the sky .	4
" Consulate General of the United States , Ho Chi Minh City	7
It is set in a wholly barbaric land , where the ruling Masters are truly masters of their art of inflicting suffering .	6
" 2001 Italy rugby union tour	5
" Henneke horse body condition scoring system	6
Australian band TISM parodied " Aerobics Oz Style " in their 1998 music video for " Whatareya ?	3
The royal inspection led to the patronage of the Italy King for the organization with the King becoming president of the Italian movement .	7
Based on the Köppen climate classification , Epaulette Mountain is located in a subarctic climate with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers .	3
The poem begins with a description of an urban environment that focuses on the bustle of the crowd :	7
The album cover is an homage to Zig-Zag rolling papers .	4
At that time , skiers used the ridges with their guaranteed snow .	3
Mutiusinazita High School was established in 1983 , three years after Zimbabwe gained its independence from British colonialism .	4
" Amphionotus " – " Anomalodermus " – " Desmelytrurus " – " Elytrurus " – " Epizorus " – " Gaynaria "	3
In fact , however , his only intention had been to use the device as a morale booster for himself and his fellow prisoner-slaves .	3
In the Indian subcontinent , Southeast Asia , and China , leopards are still relatively abundant .	3
At Lazio he would enjoy his most notable spell as a footballer , staying with them for a decade playing over 300 games for them .	7
The Cricket Green also lends its name to the nearby area , and is a Conservation area and council ward .	3
She lives in Fayetteville , Arkansas , with her husband , the poet / translator Geoffrey Brock , and their two children .	7
Michigan State 23 Penn State 0	6
In 2008 he wrote , produced , directed , and starred in a multimedia show , " HomeMade SuperHero " .	4
This work of Janardhana Iyengar , Ramaswamy and Thirumalachar was appreciated by the government and the Dewan , Sir Mirza Ismail .	5
The Missouri then passes through Canyon Ferry Lake , a reservoir west of the Big Belt Mountains .	6
The remaining three parganas of Básál , Bhocháli and Takroli were returned to Mahindar Singh .	5
Athletic clubs and the school band hold practice every third Sunday .	5
The developer , Janusz Marszałek , submitted " a proposal for a parking and retail development . "	5
" 1978 United Malays National Organisation leadership election	5
It is then fried in butter , and a slice of toast is then used to soak up the pan drippings .	5
Mostly seen wearing a blue underwear He is very good in archery and has won the " Arjuna Cup " .	5
Model 500s were also previously sold as law enforcement combos in 12 gauge with both and barrels , birch buttstock , pistol grip and sling .	5
The other TA battalions were all reconstituted as anti-aircraft ( AA ) units in Anti-Aircraft Command :	5
by several artists including Elvis Crespo , Chino & Nacho , Mané de la Parra , Alejandra Espinoza , Leslie Grace , Rigú , and Tommy Torres .	5
Rare minerals orickite and coyoteite were discovered at Coyote Peak near Orick .	5
The five new sides were Halifax Dukes , Liverpool Chads , Leicester Hunters , Rayleigh Rockets and Oxford Cheetahs	3
The brawls are governed by a set of unspoken rules among the brawlers , mainly to keep each brawl fair and even .	4
Given that the header precedes a packet , this implements wormhole routing	5
Deardorff argues that the insights of comparative advantage remain valid if the theory is restated in terms of averages across all commodities .	7
The district abuts the Mediterranean Sea to the north .	3
Much of this legend of the foundation of Tarsus , however , appeared in the Roman era , and none of it is reliable .	5
Shiflett performed at the opening rally at the one and a half mile march from Hollywood and Vine to Hollywood and Highland March 19 , 2011 .	6
Based on the life of legendary Mexican 's boxer Julio César Chávez .	6
The bid planned to use venues placed in Italy and Slovenia .	7
The eaves are supported by a series of decorative brackets .	4
He was the frontman of the ska punk band Lyapis Trubetskoy that he dissolved on 1 September 2014 .	6
[ T ] he use of information technology by terrorist groups and individuals to further their agenda .	7
Sidharth Malhotra is set to play Batra in a biopic produced by Dharma Productions and Pen India Limited .	7
This was followed by a second knockout against Roberto Mercedes , who debuted against Vázquez .	5
The N100 is 10 to 20 % larger than normal when the auditory stimulus is synchronized with the diastolic phase of the cardiac blood pressure pulse .	6
Work commenced in December 1942 .	4
Then each of the fore-parents goes forth and brings back another ler of the appropriate gender , the " after-parents " .	6
According to the charge , the banana firm carelessly exposed laborers at the Coyol plantation in Costa Rica to highly toxic pesticides on multiple occasions .	5
However , ejecting at low altitudes can cause the canopy to take too long to separate , sometimes resulting in pilot death .	5
Bartno ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Today , they are often casually referred to as United Brethren ( UB ) or the United Brethren Church ( UBC ) .	3
The film stars Joan Bennett , John Boles , Minna Gombell , Weldon Heyburn , Nora Lane and Raul Roulien .	3
He wants her to leave the house .	4
Walter Colton was born in Rutland County , Vermont , on May 9 , 1797 .	3
Signal deals with ephemeral and spiritual themes .	5
When the man came out , Kletzky followed him and appeared to get into his car .	5
While playing a successful engagement in New York City in 1915 the band was offered a chance to record for the Victor Talking Machine Company .	7
'Graduated Battalions ' of the Training Reserve were organised in four companies according to age , from 18 to 19 years .	5
All of his grandparents immigrated from Germany .	5
Repeated attacks followed from northwest and southwest .	5
The company was spun off from Tandberg Data in 2003 to focus exclusively on tape drives .	4
The oil production was a source of great potential importance .	3
The album debuted at number 1 on the Gaon and Oricon charts .	7
She was also the third wife of William Robert Daly , a fairly prolific silent film actor and director .	4
He joined the " Indianapolis News " in 1909 .	3
Notes on some of the war memorials involving work by Charpentier are shown below ,	7
In 2012 , he was awarded an honorary doctorate in theology from the University of Tübingen in Germany .	4
Borbaruas were mostly from different Kachari communities , while Borphukans were from the Chutia community .	3
He got his first hit for the Astros ( a two-run double ) on May 3 , 2011 .	3
I appreciated their loving hope that I 'd never need to know about prejudice and hate , but they were wrong .	6
His most influential work , the " Method , op .	3
These Specialties are psychiatry , nutritional support , oncology , pediatric , pharmacotherapy , nuclear pharmacy , and ambulatory care .	3
75.2 % or 76742 hectare of its territory is useful for agriculture , 46.3 % or 35550 hectare of it consists of arable land .	5
He also reiterated the need to expedite the procurement of police modernisation equipment and the installation of CCTV cameras at prominent places in the city .	7
Apparently due to unusually cold winters throughout the 1850s combined with the prevalence of subsistence agriculture , many Galician family farms went bankrupt .	7
On July 27 , 2004 , Nakamura surrendered Gary Sheffield 's 400th career home run .	5
O 'Dell also had a top 10 country hit on his own with " Let 's Shake Hands and Come Out Lovin ' " in 1978 .	4
At that time , members of the Adult Flight Team were hired by Omniflight while the Pediatric Flight Team continued employment with MUSC .	5
Roc Nation Sports , a division of Roc Nation , was launched by Jay Z in the spring of 2013 with his long-time business partner Juan Perez .	5
" If It Moves , Shoot It !	3
For this purpose , pyridine derivatives can be eliminated with good leaving groups using strong bases such as sodium and potassium tert-butoxide .	7
In January 2006 , Bello was the acting Oba of the Yoruba Community in Kano State for sixty days .	3
He also sponsored the Petworth Emigration Scheme , which sent thousands of working-class people from the south of England to Upper Canada between 1832 and 1837 .	6
The construction of Bahay Laguna was finished in December 1995 .	4
Twenty years later , the construction of a main road from Kraków to Warsaw bypassed Żarnowiec , which contributed to the town ’ s long-term decline .	7
in Optical Photography ( blue screen " travelling matte " composites ) and Farciot Edouart , A.S.C. , in Process Photography ( rear projection effects ) .	3
Doliops similis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	5
3 ) Ashford students were intending to complete student teaching through Rio Salado College and believed they would then automatically be eligible for an Iowa teaching license .	7
Thomas Dine developed a network to influence every member of congress .	6
She was a prolific reader and a keen student of both the writings of John Ruskin and the Whigs historian John Richard Green .	7
" Note : In events with two genders , the men 's tournament winners will be listed before the women 's tournament winners . "	5
The length of the filaments varies across the body .	3
This species occurs in the Indo-West Pacific , off the Philippines and Taiwan , and also off Papua New Guinea and Australia ( Queensland ) .	3
By 07 : 30 , the Zulus had fled and the grim task of killing Zulu wounded was undertaken .	7
There is an annual juvenile amateur wrestling tournament named after Hart .	7
At Shar Gaden monastery since 2009 , he is currently studying with tutors under the guidance of his guru Trijang Chocktrul Rinpoche .	7
She is also a published poet and spoken-word artist : performing at the inaugural event Poetic Fashion .	5
Below are top goal scorers against the Wellington Phoenix .	3
They also conduct press meets / releases to expose corruption regimes .	6
Rebekah Robertson began her career with an appearance in the television show , " Problem Creek " as Min , in 1988 .	4
This nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 15 , 2016 .	3
The cross is a Scheduled Ancient Monument and is Grade II listed .	4
This was closed in 1881 when his Coochin Creek Sawmill ( Campbellville ) was established .	5
The hindwings are blackish brown on the upperside and grey with black dots on the underside .	4
It was described by Francis Walker in 1859 and is found in the northeastern United States and adjoining Canada west to British Columbia .	7
The championship features students from international universities who debate predetermined topics .	5
Edward Maurice Besly ( 28 January 1888 - 12 April ( ?	6
Among his most important works are " The City of God " , " On Christian Doctrine " and " Confessions . "	3
There were 112 registered third parties in the 2015 federal election :	5
In 2002 , he became the president of Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics .	6
Silambarasan has regularly had differences of opinions with fellow actors in the Tamil film industry .	7
The veiny leaflets are pinnate 5 to 10 cm long .	4
He was survived by his wife , Goldie Stewart , two sons , Victor and James Jr , and three daughters , Anita , Donna and Roberta .	4
The squadron was shifted to INS Rajali , Arakkonam by April 1992 , and has been based there ever since .	3
don 't counting Outstanding Contribution to Music .	5
Jaggu has his own special way of solving problems , using tricks and his amazing sense of humour .	5
According to the , it has a population of people .	4
In the , the population of Nagcarlan , Laguna , was people , with a density of .	5
During the experiment , the spacecraft was tracked by the Institute of Solar-Terrestrial Physics , Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Irkutsk .	5
Construction of Kawerau began in 1953 .	4
The area was traditionally part of Lower Carniola .	3
Zaroślak ( ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
It is threatened by habitat degradation caused by smallholder agricultural activities and subsistence wood collection .	7
It offers programs identical to that of the Horn Lake Campus .	7
Despite setbacks , and problems with achieving all the projected outputs , the project was essentially successful , and the concept of the BCUF continues .	6
However , Mazyar managed to escape and reach the court of the Abbasid caliph al-Ma 'mun .	7
Estimates of the scale of the cull range from 800 to 2000 birds .	7
Stevens replied , " You might have something there , Tom . "	3
" , " Cubix " , " Sonic X " , " Chaotic " , " Dinosaur King " , " Viva Piñata " and many others .	3
French – Greek – English – German	5
On 5 August 2015 , Taylor signed on loan to Reading .	6
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists	5
The first five directors were :	3
The lake offers an eleven-site campground , administered by the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the State of Washington .	6
Maintenance cycling to maintain performance / life is unnecessary .	7
He won two events at the 1954-55 Four Hills Tournament , earning them at Innsbruck and Bischofshofen .	5
These are in addition to their primary functions of eliminating the need for human meter reading and measuring the time-of-use of electricity .	7
J. Lewis Officiating minister and Rev .	5
He won re-election to the council and remained in that office until January 4 , 1927 .	4
The southern edge of Keyser is not bound by geology , as the valley here stretches further south than the city limits .	4
Also present are locally important numbers of goldeneye , great crested grebe , mallard , pochard , teal , and wigeon .	3
The flocculus appears to be included a VOR pathway that aids in the adaptation to a repeated shift in the visual field .	7
There was also concern over undue police zeal in handling street demonstrations .	7
The Indian cricket team played a Test Match against the Pakistan cricket team on this ground on 24 September 1983 .	3
Nowe Kiejkuty ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
It also carries out community education , alternative livelihood development and outreach activities in Sarteneja , Corozal District , the largest fishing village in Belize .	5
When the school moves and reforms in Central Park , New York City , Chamber is again a teacher .	7
The established branches are : Dublin , Cork , Kerry , Midlands , Midwest , Western , North East , North West and South East .	3
In 1981 the Thai cabinet passed a resolution to bestow on him the honorary title of " the Great " .	5
There was a complex attack against the FOB in early June 2012 .	3
In this village there is a famous temple called Sri Abhayaanjaneya Swamy temple .	7
For every 100 females , there were 92.5 males .	3
" For the 2007 MMORPG , see "	3
The appearance of John Lennon , Yoko Ono and The Plastic Ono Band was not publicly known in advance .	5
Regional cooperation is progressing for Thailand in economic , trade , banking , political , and cultural matters .	3
Its length is estimated at and it fed on frogs , lizards , and small mammals .	5
It was last held in 1962 .	3
The village has a population of 110 .	4
" Cape Nome Mining District Discovery Sites	6
Notable musical groups are Los Kjarkas , Kala Marka , J 'acha Mallku , Savia Andina , Wayna Picchu , Wara and many others .	3
A correspondent of the " Ohio State Journal " described some details ; there seem to have been two tube sections :	5
Seddon is home to clubs for well-being , including My Mama Said and Westside Yoga , formally known as the Australian Yoga Academy Seddon .	6
In Danish and Norwegian , " ö " was previously used in place of " ø " in older texts to distinguish between open and closed ö-sounds .	6
Road route for tourist coming from Hazaribagh , Dhanbad and Bokaro :	6
There were three purposes for this conquest : 1 .	4
Delaware , Iowa , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Nebraska , Nevada , Ohio , South Dakota , West Virginia	3
The second season 's opening and ending themes are " Star " by 99RadioService and by Seto .	4
( CDCl / TMS ) : δ 25.50 , 70.56 , 123.9 , 124.1 , 126.5 , 126.8 , 128.2,128.9 , 132.6 , 134.0 ,	3
He was elected to the New Jersey State Assembly in 1937 , and was re-elected in 1938 , 1939 and 1940 .	6
Most of the main roads in central West Bridgford are named after wealthy families that dominated the town 's early history .	6
Nawab Salahuddin Ahmed Abbasi ( ) is a Member of Parliament in Pakistan .	4
In January 2008 , the duo got their big break when they were signed to the Universal Music Taiwan record label .	6
" New York County Lawyers ' Association Building	6
A Grand Final is held in the UCD Sutherland School of Law in February each year with senior members of the Irish Judiciary invited to adjudicate .	6
Nine species have been recorded in North Dakota .	3
The EP features four remixes by Dave Audé , Papercha $ er , DJ Escape & Tony Coluccio and Corbin Hayes .	3
Under the council-manager statutes , the city council is prohibited from interfering with the manager 's administration .	6
Head and body length is 7 cm .	5
The Allmusic site awarded the album 3 stars .	3
It is a 6 – 7-hour drive from Kuala Lumpur and 1.5-hour drive from Penang via expressway .	7
In each of the next four seasons , Maribor were eliminated in the second qualifying round of the Champions League .	3
They have mass and can have other attributes such as charge .	7
Six backpacks , three black and three red , were left .	7
From 1992 , varied line-ups of Chain or Matt Taylor 's Chain toured Australia irregularly .	7
The Japanese attack began at 11 : 13 as the carriers , stationed apart , and their escorts opened fire with anti-aircraft guns .	4
" , novelist Giannina Braschi pays homage to Stein as an imaginary mentor .	4
" 2017 – 18 Asseco Resovia Rzeszów season	5
It was released to manufacturers on May 11 , 2009 ; the first devices running the operating system appeared in late October 2009 .	6
This fuller creed may have existed before the Council and probably originated from the baptismal creed of Constantinople .	6
Lorenzo Bandini had led for a lap before Baghetti took over on lap 4 , and he held the lead until the chequered flag .	4
The East Campus occupies about one-third of the town proper , and the West Campus occupies a large area just northwest of the corporate limits .	5
Most wins in a season 30 / 1969 – 70	5
They went away and spoke about it and since then it 's been fine .	4
A motive has not been uncovered .	3
He lands on the floor , momentarily knocking him unconscious .	3
Adrian and his predecessors had to contend with periodic attempts by the Lombards to expand their holdings in Italy at the expense of the papacy .	7
Witnessing the relationship between the two women served for Stein as her " erotic awakening " .	5
Other critics contend that some Afrocentric historical research is grounded in identity politics and myth rather than scholarship .	5
Parwółki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The same name also belongs to a nearby railway station .	3
The companies purchased or merged with were :	5
† denotes people who died in office .	5
Marciniaki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The PUSD also hosted an " alternative " school in the early 1970s : the Evening High School .	3
Fox , Lorraine Bracco , Tyra Ferrell , Yancy Butler , Victoria Jackson , Saundra Santiago , George Hamilton , Frank Langella and Eli Wallach .	3
RAF Fighters claimed 16 Bf 109s destroyed and 13 damaged .	5
The Missouri then meanders east past Williston and into Lake Sakakawea , the reservoir formed by Garrison Dam .	6
Bernadette produced and directed her first documentary Made Over in America ( Icarusfilms ) about the television makeover show The Swan ( film ) in 2007 .	7
In the fully automatic mode all the users is required to do is paste his / her article 's URL into the converter .	5
This has objective and subjective components :	5
Pocket PC 2000 , originally codenamed " Rapier " , was released on April 19 , 2000 , and was based on the Windows CE 3.0 kernel .	5
63 percent of the industrial workforce is employed in the metalworking and electrical industry .	4
He was first at the seminary at Reims , then went to study under the Jesuits at Tournai ( 1582 – 1584 ) .	7
Ephraim Ruebush was born in Churchville , Virginia , the son of John Ruebush and Mary Huffman .	6
After Catherine Cornelia 's death his father subsequently married Martha Pope .	3
Thus , he and others arrived at the notion that their churches should bear simply the name of " Christian . "	6
There must be a balance between military and spice mining power .	7
In Indonesia , glove puppetry once popular throughout Chinese communities around Sumatra and Java .	6
In the medical profession , this is often described as " burnout " : the more specific terms secondary traumatic stress and vicarious trauma are also used .	7
Steinhagen is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district , in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .	3
There were 482 housing units at an average density of 623.0 per square mile ( 241.7 / km ² ) .	6
Colonel Ashby was later put in command of the fort and seems to have remained there until the Revolutionary War or after .	6
In October 2009 , Cailo travelled to Australia to attend a gathering of MPs from the Pacific Islands region for workshop on democracy .	7
Several of the cars were purchased by Americans ; some were heavily customized and received engine transplants .	4
He was a trade union committee secretary .	4
In many states , alcohol can only be sold by staff qualified to serve responsibly through alcohol server training .	7
Bond goes to Holland to kill an IRA hitman involved in drug smuggling .	7
A note-by-note analysis of the first nine measures reveals two such tone rows , the first beginning at measure one and the second at measure seven .	4
He became a Senior Attending Physician at Hutzel Hospital until his retirement in 1986 .	5
Concrete made from ordinary Portland cement without additives has a relatively impaired resistance to salt waters .	5
point in the code , like we did in the previous code at the beginning of the body of the function main when we	7
Many streams run through the village , joining into one larger one called Krolin Potok .	6
She and some helpers look through the files to try and understand why the board want the school demolished .	7
The larvae feed on " Yucca filamentosa " , " Yucca smalliana " , " Yucca flaccida " and possibly " Yucca aloifolia " .	3
In 2014 Evangelou won both bouts he contested , a points win 40-37 over journeyman Dan Carr and a first-round KO of Mick Mills .	7
On Monday , 29 June 1936 , she struck the Devil 's Rock in Balscadden Bay , but was able to reach Dublin safely .	4
By August , while Britain reached a low point , U.S .	3
The inspector dismisses the theory , so Paul requests that a toxicology test be made on Carl and Rico 's bodies .	7
No destroyers were received in exchange for the bases in Bermuda and Newfoundland .	6
The competing teams were Israel , Catalonia , Germany , Belgium , Austria , England , Sweden , Scotland , France and the Netherlands .	3
It also displays Hals ' talents as a painter : Portraiture , Still life , and Landscape .	3
" Siege of Santuario de Nuestra Señora de la Cabeza	7
Dynamic Rope UIAA fall count rating "	6
The atomic moments ' interactions with each other and with the externally applied field determine the behavior of the magnet .	5
This has resulted in an uncertainty among white Americans as to what the genuine nature of African-Americans really is .	6
The building is divided into two separate rooms by a central wall running east-west and has a corrugated iron roof .	4
Actual performance yielded about and a maximum speed of .	3
In response , the Warehouse 's owners renamed it the Music Box and hired a new DJ named Ron Hardy	6
It is supplied by international chemical producing companies such as ;	4
It was called " Junior Masterchef Swaad Ke Ustaad " .	6
Berkenthin is the seat of the " Amt " ( " collective municipality " ) Berkenthin .	3
Megan Hilty in Concert | Transcendence Artist Series	6
The L & CR had an Atmospheric Engineer , James Pearson .	4
He makes Smenhkara his co-regent , noting the boy to be " one with me in our hearts , bodies , and all things " .	4
From the start , the marriage was rocky .	3
On board the ship , the star possesses and attacks the " Pentallian " crewmembers one by one for doing this .	3
That 's why Heman Verbruggen got a new main role in the season : Gijs , a clumsy colleague of Jef .	4
Before 1945 , the area was part of Germany ( East Prussia ) .	3
Nivernais to the east , le Bourbonnais to the south , and Berry and is on the edge of the departements of Nièvre and Allier .	6
Traces of colouring can still be seen on some figures .	4
" Haugesund Kommune v DEPFA ACS Bank	6
The division of the Steins ' art collection was described in a letter by Leo :	6
Ridgeley is a town in Mineral County , West Virginia , United States , and part of the Cumberland Metropolitan Statistical Area .	6
The curriculum teaches pupils to be critical thinkers testing the validity of rules or expectations .	7
Zaslav stated that " Oprah " could potentially move to the new channel in some form following the end of the syndicated series .	5
Each of the different means of crossing the border had its own complications .	6
She dyed her natural brown hair bright red and adopted her ring name .	4
" Will " , a period drama about a young William Shakespeare , was also announced when the channel launched , but was later put on hold .	5
For almost 30 years , he was heavily involved in the CIM , especially as chair of its Levitt Group for senior and qualified marketers .	6
The video can be found on the Madonna compilations , " " ( 1999 ) and " " ( 2009 ) .	3
The nine cities shortlisted were : Chennai , Cuttack , Dharamshala , Indore , Nagpur , Pune , Rajkot , Ranchi and Visakhapatnam .	3
The intended use of the test stand is for compliance testing of predetermined desired values and fatigue testing .	4
The congregational prayer is led by an Imaam .	3
Akhran , the god of the desert nomads , mostly rides on his mighty horse in a desert he made himself .	4
He opposed slavery and supported the separation of church and state .	6
According to the " National Post " , Ben-Menashe suggested that " [ s ] omeone had been out to get him " .	4
" Eleven Year Olds Grow Up " .	5
Jobs continued to work for Apple until the day before his death six weeks later .	6
Professor Toma Macovei ( July 23 , 1911 – April 25 , 2003 ) was born in Ghergheasa , Romania , and lived in Mizil .	4
The Wheel of Fortune is featured in a " " card by that name that forces all players to discard their hands and draw new ones .	7
Nathan Phelps , son of Fred Phelps , founder of the Westboro Baptist Church , is one of the blog 's regular contributors .	5
She won 6 – 4 6 – 3 against world No.57 Danka Kovinic from Montenegro .	7
" Simon Bolivar Youth Symphonic Band	5
But once it is ' settled ' , it can develop into a large round clump .	3
Bond served as president of the board between 1971 and 1979 .	7
Battle of Crete in World War II .	5
Less frequently tiger salamander , bobcat and mountain lion are seen .	5
Select Reviews on Indian and Asian Art-History	5
AT & T Computer Systems is the generic name for American Telephone & Telegraph 's unsuccessful attempt to compete in the computer business .	4
According to the United States Census Bureau , the CDP has a total area of 9.2 km ² ( 3.6 mi ² ) .	6
The new website includes an often updated Photojournalistic photo gallery which displays photos of current and past events .	7
Under him , Kelantan have won eight , drawn six and lost five matches in all competitions .	4
v4.x.x of NoMachine supports VirtualGL to allow users to run 3D applications in NoMachine desktop sessions .	6
When available , seat projections are also displayed below the voting estimates in a smaller font .	3
The album featured session drummer Reno Kiilerich , formerly of Dimmu Borgir , and Sandee Chan , a Taiwanese singer , on female backing vocals .	3
Before 2003 , the entire 3rd Ring Road was very bumpy , and trips were very unpleasant .	3
The use of skillion roof for the front portion of the building is apparent on the overall form of the building .	5
" Un apprezzato professionista di sicuro avvenire	6
Skene IF 22 16 3 3 53-23 51 Promoted	7
In its original LP vinyl format , the album was issued in a gatefold sleeve which revealed a huge cartoon drawing on the inside .	7
The Eskimos were victorious in 1954 , 1955 , 1956 , 1975 , 1978 , 1979 , 2003 and 2005 .	3
More than half of all dietitians and nutritionists worked in hospitals , nursing homes , and physician 's offices and clinics .	4
His other noteworthy written efforts include :	4
Dr. Howell died of metastatic lung cancer on March 10 , 2007 at age 81 at his home in Berkeley , California .	3
The name honors William H. Seward , Secretary of State under President Abraham Lincoln .	4
The contest was for the International Boxing Federation 's Inter-Continental bantamweight championship , in twelve rounds , Vázquez earned a points victory .	4
Their elder son , Bertram E. Smythies , was known for his work in forestry and the study of birds in Burma , Borneo and Sarawak .	7
Tuntun is the mother of Chutki .	3
The gardens , amongst other things , possessed a peach house , an orangery , a vinery , a melon house and a mushroom house .	4
Ulan Istanbul was a Turkish drama TV series that was aired from June 23 , 2014 to March 23 , 2015 on the Kanal D network .	6
In the gemstone trade , first water means " highest quality " .	3
David Ned Blackmer Hossein Mahboubi , Teresa Taffa , Augusto Robiati , Heshmat Moayyad , Mario Fiorentini , Manutcher Majzub , Hossein Avaregan , and Mario Piarulli .	3
Additionally , the Duisburg Philharmonic performed nine arrangements from " Symphonic Shades " at their " 3 .	3
He has also been a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats , Toronto Argonauts , Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Saskatchewan Roughriders .	3
The population density was .	3
The region ’ s red hills with extremely fertile red clay soils enabled these inhabitants to grow bountiful crops .	7
Her motivational approach to fixing finances has led to her own financial advice empire .	4
Examples of metals used for diagnosis include :	6
After that , Frederick was offered another post doc at a prestigious Ivy League school , not in theoretical physics but in experimental infra-red astronomy .	3
This part of the Act also abolished the Quarter Sessions Appeal Committee , with appeal work being handled by the Quarter Sessions alone .	6
Squibb , with a market value of $ 100 million .	5
Umar appointed Saad ibn Abi Waqqas as commander for the campaign in Mesopotamia .	5
Ekiti East is a Local Government Area of Ekiti State , Nigeria .	3
More recently , smartphones and tablets are becoming mainstream platforms for EMS .	4
The Stars held open tryouts on September 29 , 2011 , at the Starfire Sports Complex .	3
It lies approximately west of Dywity and north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
The first festival included a march which drew more than 350 people .	7
Most importantly , the vertices of each solid are all equivalent under the action of the symmetry group , as are the edges and faces .	4
The Commission had to consider the needs of the Russian Empire and the means of satisfying them .	7
Although fiber-optic cables are used to transfer data , tasks such as signal routing are done electronically .	7
His first professional art instruction came from Karl Germann ( c.1790 / 93- ?	5
There are many factors which influence the strength of the response .	6
" New Fang " is the debut single by Los Angeles-based rock supergroup Them Crooked Vultures .	6
It features a sculpture of the Unknown Soldier by Thomas Beattie .	4
Lucius ( Welsh : " Lles ap Coel " ) is a legendary 2nd-century King of the Britons and saint traditionally credited with introducing Christianity into Britain .	6
By December , d-CON was spending $ 30,000 a week on coast-to-coast ads across 425 radio stations .	3
In the 1990s a local fisherman illegally introduced northern pike , though they are rarely caught .	3
The dam , built of rubble , concrete , and dressed with ashlar stones , dates to the first or second century AD .	7
CNN severed ties with Brazile three days later , on October 14 , 2016 .	4
The village has a population of 580 .	4
Endevor also has a function to allow approvers to be interactively dynamically added to an approver group after a package is successfully cast .	7
A2DP , the profile required for high quality stereo listening .	6
Family Voices is a radio play by Harold Pinter written in 1980 and first broadcast on BBC Radio 3 on 22 January 1981 .	6
It was recorded in 1983 and released on the Italian Soul Note label .	5
Chow soon invites Su to help him write a martial arts serial for the papers .	7
He was appointed to the post of Lt .	4
Room height was used to convey a sense of spatial compression and ensure occupants remained aware of the views to the outside world .	7
In 1912 , he played his first first-class match for the Army , scoring 117 in the second innings against the Royal Navy at Lord 's .	4
Kaufman recalled that Truffaut " leaped to his feet " in the middle of the screening and began applauding .	5
In 2000 , he became a member of the comic duo " Sasha i Sirozha " .	5
for what became known as the San Francisco Renaissance .	7
The university offers associate 's , bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees in more than 50 degree programs online .	6
man , having witnessed the meeting in question , comes to suspect the second C.I.D .	7
It was later reported that Barot was treated for burns after two attacks .	4
UE Engordany , who finished last season in 7th place , and Segona Divisió runners up Atlètic Club d 'Escaldes played a two-legged relegation play-off .	7
Schwalb was born in Vienna , Austria , in 1932 .	3
" Warner Robins , GA Metropolitan Statistical Area	5
Breaking his back resulted in Richard missing the opportunity to gain Welsh honours at an under 21 level .	7
The initial goal of the company was to develop a LTO-2 linear tape-open drive within a half-height form factor .	7
Honorees are presented with a globe and certificate .	4
This facilitates a second hydrogen bond interaction between the O4 carbonyl group of ubiquinone and Ser27 of SDHC .	6
He was returned to Parliament again in 1661 to represent Winchelsea until 1666 .	4
These trends are correlated with increasing income inequality and indicate significant structural issues face the U.S. labor market .	7
The construction of the M2-F1 was a joint effort by Dryden and a local glider manufacturer , the Briegleb Glider Company .	4
Additionally , he had the foresight to serve as Chairman of the Board for EuroSignCard , S.A. an Internet security start-up organization ( ESC ) .	7
Marek and Hanna went to Toronto ( living with Tadeusz Budzyński ) , but returned to Poland because his parents had problems with Natalia and Urszula .	7
Each year almost a million homes were built in Spain , more than in Germany , France , and England altogether .	4
It was broadcast live in the radio show P4 Extra with the host Lotta Bromé .	7
It lies approximately south-west of Ostróda and south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
The company owns the Altintel Port and Tank Terminal , with a capacity of 60,000 cubic meters of storage area in Kocaeli / Gebze , Dilovası area .	5
They don 't possess any materialistic things and also don 't use the basic services like that of a phone , electricity etc .	7
Drivers : Skid Parish ( captain ) , Tony Grant , Norman Crowe , Mike Read , John Biddle , Alan Cayzer .	4
The building was formerly Rose Elementary School .	3
Since 9 September 2013 , Malaysian Airline System connects Alor Setar with a direct flight to Madinah and Jeddah for the Hajj season .	5
Döbrentei does not appear to have taken any part in the revolutionary movement of 1848 .	7
By applying an additional electrode on a nanochannel as the gate electrode , it is possible to adjust the electrical potential inside the channel .	5
He attended Elmer L. Meyers Junior / Senior High School .	5
These books provided researchers , teachers and students with an additional critical dimension for examining and understanding the American experience .	5
Independente Futebol Clube was founded on January 19 , 1944 .	3
On 18 February 2016 , Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari appointed Ogunlesi as his Special Assistant on Digital / New Media .	3
Platyny ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Its overseas Chinese also migrated to France .	3
However , in the 2005 Galician elections , the People 's Party lost its overall majority , while just remaining the largest party in the parliament .	4
Sports included are badminton , squash , cricket , table tennis , rowing , snooker , and billiards .	3
We were alone there with those men who did everything they wanted to do " .	7
The game makes extensive use of cutscenes that utilize a mixture of both hand drawn and 3D animations .	7
Leyte Island is the birthplace of the Tinikling dance , popular throughout the Philippines .	4
The provisional species for 2018 is House Crow .	4
The elections took place alongside general elections .	4
Its location is : Latitude : 373700N , Longitude : 1222412W ; Decimal Degrees : Latitude : 37.61667 , Longitude : -122.40333 .	3
" Caan became a great Axel Freed , although obviously different from the character De Niro would have created , " wrote Toback later .	7
The 2014 – 15 Hertha BSC season is the 122nd season in club history .	7
" 1974 – 75 St. Louis Blues season	5
The village has a population of 468 .	4
It lies approximately south-west of Pszczyna and south-west of the regional capital Katowice .	6
This encourages Thangam to fix his marriage with her childhood friend 's daughter .	5
" Haines House Haulage Co Ltd v Gamble	7
In 1994 , nearly 20 years after the original song was released , an official accompanying music video was released .	6
Parasnath Hill , Rajrappa , Medininagar , Patratu , Chaibasa , Panchet , Betla , Deoghar , Sahebganj , Pakur , Kodarma and McCluskieganj , Gumla .	3
The player with the most Victory Points wins .	5
Although he was allegedly a good swimmer , the currents of the river took him and he could not get back to the shore .	4
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of , all of it land .	6
Nowadays replacing with a is considered rustic , for example instead of ' now we could use a new directive ' .	5
The Lindholmen district area is 104 hectares .	4
The nickname gained popularity among his followers .	4
Mariner models use the black composite stocks .	3
Zelem made her youth debut for England as she played in a dual-game versus Netherlands in March 2010 , scoring her debut goal in the same game .	5
M & S Bank provides services including current accounts , savings and credit products , as well as insurance .	4
In 1957 he practiced with Bror Hjorth in Uppsala .	4
Claims directed towards the banks included :	5
In a statement , he said " We are saddened by the huge loss of life in the Mumbai blasts and condemn it .	6
The Wiener Werkstatte had about 100 employees in 1905 , of whom 37 were masters of their trade .	5
On 31 October 2007 , the definition of the physical extent of the Shebaa Farms area by former UN cartographer Miklos Pinther was released by the UN .	6
" Eurocup Basketball 2012 – 13 Regular Season Group A	7
Jackson was the recipient of a Chicago Cares " Power of One " Leadership Award and the 2003 Illinois Fatherhood Initiative 's Father of the Year .	7
The 5th-placed team advanced to the CONMEBOL / OFC Intercontinental Play-off .	7
Bank : Karnataka Vikas Grameena Bank	5
Internet service is monitored by the government , which censors pornography and other materials deemed inappropriate .	6
When in 1633 Duke John Casimir died without issue , the Wettin line in Saxe-Coburg died out , and John Ernest inherited it .	4
In 1996 , it generated only 10.6 million euros turnover with 120 stores .	5
The film was directed by Ulli Lommel and premiered at the Munich Film Festival in 2001 under its original name " Boots " .	7
Architectural styles used were mainly Georgian Revival , Dutch Colonial , Spanish , Cottage and Bungalow .	3
Since then , the Flanders area has been a quiet rural residential village .	3
Notable people with the surname include :	4
The village has a population of 513 .	4
However , these two groups are not as separate as was once understood .	3
Bronze medals were not awarded to the losing semi finalists in any of the events , they were instead given diplomas of merit .	4
In Year 5 this will be either English or Mathematics and in Year 6 either English , History or Geography .	4
In the " Sadhanamala " this form of Hevajra is single " ( ekavira ) " - without a consort .	4
Left-leaning Efimerida ton Syntakton said the big loser was the government , and criticised Prime Minister Antonis Samaras for being more critical of SYRIZA than Golden Dawn .	7
Chi-Lan Lieu is a Chinese-American author and television presenter .	4
See 1930 college football season < br >	6
She has stated that corruption should be known as “ stealing ” and pointed out that it is a scourge on progress for any country .	7
Most of the products sold by Manufrance were made by third party manufacturers , then labeled and retailed by Manufrance .	6
Odoje ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
He played an active role in the Saint Dumitru Romanian Orthodox parish .	7
Hypsideroides junodi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Hypsideroides .	4
This bridge is at least the second bridge across the Flat at this location , although records are unclear .	3
is a feature-length documentary film by French director Yolande Zauberman .	4
El Main is a town and commune in Bordj Bou Arréridj Province , Algeria .	4
These facilities included water and oil tanks for SP & S steam locomotives , and a 6 pocket coal dock for Northern Pacific Rwy steam locomotives .	5
At this point , however , they still documented gameplay without a narrative .	3
The table shows the most significant results ( podium ) obtained in the national and international Duathlon circuit .	7
Before 1945 the area was a part of Germany ( East Prussia ) .	3
It received a nomination a Latin Rhythm Airplay Song of the Year at the 2010 Latin Billboard Music Awards .	7
Only two other servicemen in the history of the Commonwealth or Empire have received as many British medals for gallantry .	6
There are rare exceptions to the requirement of molecule having a positive bond order .	6
South Presbyterian continues an activist tradition that dates to Livingston 's stand against liquor .	6
Puis la tombe a été refermée et scellée à nouveau .	7
Shortly thereafter , on 18 August , she was arrested by the Guardia Civil .	3
Gordon died in Boston on May 8 , 1802 ( age 39 years , 26 days ) .	4
The current voting Board members are	4
There is a memorial plaque set into the rocks of Sker Point .	6
Her work is featured in the collections of The National Gallery of Art , Yale University Art Gallery , Fogg Museum , and Indianapolis Museum of Art .	7
Julius Frederick was the third son of the Duke Frederick I of Württemberg and his wife Sibylla of Anhalt .	6
S = standard name of the result of the situation denoted by L .	7
Likewise an increase in energy production would cause the star to expand , lowering the pressure at the core .	6
He became a dedicated harpist , which gave him his nickname .	5
That summer was known as the peak of the punk rock genre since many punk bands were offered recording contracts .	4
The next day , the robots descend on the community seeking Sean , who is quickly discovered to be missing .	7
He showed promise in preseason playing at safety and nickel corner .	6
This finally gave Meadow Bridge a path to the western part of Fayette County .	5
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , of which , is land and is water .	5
" Summit County Fairgrounds Arena Complex	5
games and re-enactment are practised .	4
Work , study and prayer are the main activities , with prayer being the most important .	3
" East Avenue Tabernacle Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church	6
Stare Guty ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
He served twice as Solicitor-General , in 1834-5 and 1841 and as Attorney-General in 1844 .	5
Songs featured in the film include :	5
" Aldehyde dehydrogenase 6 family , member A1	6
In 2011 Abdul Azeez became a director of Tabung Haji , a Malaysian fund for Muslims to save for the " hajj " pilgrimage .	6
This ceased when the eldest sister made her professional debut at the age of fifteen .	5
Since 2005 until 2007 , he worked also in FK Viktoria Žižkov as a sports director .	4
At this stage , the railway was powered by rope hauling , until around 1857 , when locomotives were first used .	3
However , as he was only seventeen years old at that time , later covers of the song gave writing credits to Jan Crutchfield .	5
The village has a population of 180 .	4
He was living in New York 's Westchester County at the time of his death at age 72 .	4
The Hillside facility was built between 1984 and 1991 on the grounds of a section of Holban Yard , a railroad freight yard .	7
He believed that the concepts of nationalism and socialism are complementary .	6
There had also been participation from Dutch and Greek publishers .	6
A chain of intrigues ensued .	3
Ulven er Løs ( " Cry Wolf " ) , " Interpresse ( 1979 ) " .	3
Between 1459 and 1462 the most famous architects of Italy worked there for the Pope Pius II and built the city centre of the small town .	5
The gameplay involves running across New York City chasing supervillains to locate Mary Jane Watson .	7
Meanwhile , the Forge was overthrown by his second in command , Captain Aristedes , who implemented " Project : Destiny " .	6
She subsequently served as minister of state planning and development affairs and State Assembly affairs .	7
He was referring to the Turkish repulsions in Suez Canal zone .	5
He was the leader of student youth organization , and had contributed in the formation of political organizations on panchayat , block and district level .	7
Morgan taught at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City .	6
When playing on the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection , the Nintendo DS nickname , rank and score of each player are tracked .	7
She was carrying a cargo of kerosene and petrol .	5
Another important way of demonstrating the validity of comparative advantage has consisted in ' structural estimation ' approaches .	6
New environmental regulations forced the company to shut down the plant in 2012 , along with two others elsewhere in the state .	6
Thomas Gill had been Chairman of the South Devon board and wished to continue with the atmospheric system .	5
Kristie recently completed the comedy " love is ... " ( 2011 ) director by award-winning director Allison Beda .	4
As construction on the Deepwater Railway continued , William Page 's continued efforts to establish reasonable joint rates with the big railroads continued to prove fruitless .	6
Companies D and F charged across the creek , temporarily taking the enemy works and suffering over thirty casualties .	7
Facilities include 10 research labs , cabins , dormitories , a dining hall , and lecture rooms .	4
At a hospital in Rouen , France , Barker clung to life until mid-January 1919 , and then was transported back to England .	4
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Cuneiform block :	6
Her relationship with Stewart , though , has the expected narrative ups and downs .	4
42 Squadron led by W.H Cliff took off .	5
" Dalinghosaurus " was probably a fast-running lizard adapted to living in open habitats , much like " Sinosauropteryx " itself .	4
Glaznoty ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Interaction Sphere , an exchange network the spanned the Arabian Sea .	5
His regular position is scrum-half .	3
During Soviet times , it was called Krasny Tkach ( , lit .	3
A 2018 poll of the American Political Science Association ’ s Presidents and Executive Politics section also ranked Reagan as the ninth greatest president .	5
Therefore , the provisions are not severable from one another , and holding one unconstitutional requires invalidating the other .	5
Whitley got a job buying corporate art .	5
In the 1950s a large part of the Deutsche Bundesbahn 's vehicle fleet underwent modernisation .	6
Prosecution of criminal offences is subject to the Law Enforcement ( Powers and Responsibilities ) Act 2002 , which sets out the limits of police powers .	6
The former produced four charting singles on Hot Country Songs , including " Til I See You Again , " which reached No .	4
Eventually , Harte was given a similar role in Glasgow in 1880 .	4
The stress gets to Briggs , who collapses after a confrontation with Ramsey and later dies .	6
The racial makeup of the town was 98.82 % White , 0.17 % Native American , and 1.01 % from two or more races .	4
By 1996 , the company had sales of $ 100 million .	5
Length overall was 414.22 m , beam 80.0 m , draft 28.50 m , deadweight tonnage 553.662 , and gross tonnage 275.276 .	3
After getting sufficient reinforcements , he re-entered the fray and camped at the western bank of Euphrates , where a Persian force intercepted him and was defeated .	7
There were two rest days , in Grenoble and in Pau .	4
The river is known today as Osun Gborowo in honour of the mother of Obanta .	6
The Naas River , a perennial stream of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin , is located in the Australian Capital Territory , Australia .	5
Different quiz are played with special kids invited in the show .	5
Hess joined the faculty at the University of Virginia in 1997 , teaching as an assistant professor of education and politics until 2002 .	6
On his return , he was assigned to 4 Squadron and on 7 July transferred to 15 Squadron , still flying in the B.E.2 .	6
Effort to clear the city of mines started in controlled area .	7
Barker fell in love with aviation after watching pioneer aviators flying Curtiss and Wright Flyer aircraft at farm exhibitions between 1910 and 1914 .	7
Other towns are Bekwae , Mamponten , Bogyae , Dadieso , Obogu , Asaaman Adubiase , Pampaso , Kontanase , Kenyase , and Ntonso .	3
Brian Hall , along with the other petitioners , had made full payments into Social Security accounts .	3
Seongnam FC participated under the name of Ilhwa chunma from 1993 – 94 Asian Club Championship and won the title in their second season in the Asia .	5
fancy dresses to worship Kulasai Shri Mutharamman .	5
Consider a mixture of parametric distributions of the same class .	5
He competed at the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics .	6
There are various views as to what happened during the visit .	6
" Trial by Fire : Greatest and Latest	4
As of 1730 , the Dutch Republic had just experienced an epizootic disease in its cattle population , while its dikes were threatened by shipworm .	4
He was a panelist on Fox Footy 's " Fox League Teams " and is now a television and radio commentator .	4
The number of people who gathered to welcome the King was estimated at 30,000 .	7
In 1947 the vine-growers themselves created SODAP , a co-operative to " protect the rights of the growers " .	7
During his childhood , Patroclus had killed another child in anger over a game .	3
He was 62 years of age .	3
In addition , the troops on the outer flank of the wheel found themselves unable to keep up with the overly rapid movement of the inner pivot .	6
Saint John 's main music festival is Area 506 where each summer East Coast musicians gather dock side at Long Wharf along the city 's harbour .	5
" When It Hurts So Bad " is musically old roots reggae mixed with soul .	6
The last volcanic activity on the island occurred about one million years ago .	5
It lies approximately south-west of Białogard and north-east of the regional capital Szczecin .	6
Pieter Otter , Jan Camiel Willems , and Dirk T. Tempelaar .	4
Carmen notices their grandfather is with them and tells Juni that the Toymaker is the reason their grandfather uses a wheelchair .	6
The evolutionary stages vary depending primarily on the mass of the star , but also on its metallicity .	4
In partnership with Dr Karl Lanz , an industrialist and wood products manufacturer , he started constructing the " Schütte-Lanz Luftschiffbau " on 22 April 1909 .	7
Currently Sascha collaborates with Cris Velasco who is responsible for orchestral moods in their music .	6
Ecological economics is a transdisciplinary field of academic research that addresses the dynamic and spatial interdependence between human economies and natural ecosystems .	6
It terminates at a junction with US 395 Alt .	5
More recently , Fredkin has been a Distinguished Career Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University ( CMU ) .	3
At the 2006 census , its population was 889 , in 246 families .	3
Studies have revealed that myelinogenesis is controlled by the synthesis of proteins P1 , P2 , and P0 .	7
François Truffaut , another leading French director , was visiting Chicago when the film premiered and he came to the opening .	4
He is then defeated by Spider-Man .	3
But ∀ ( ∀ " x " ) = ∀ " x " can be proved from ( 1 ) – ( 4 ) .	3
She first gained notoriety in 1998 with her appearance on Trick Daddy 's second studio album " www.thug.com " on the single " Nann Nigga " .	5
This episode guest stars Nora Kirkpatrick , Aaron Rodgers , Clay Aiken , Mark McGrath , Santigold , Jessica St. Clair , and Rachel Crow .	3
Though Lieutenant Ransom felt the ramming was deliberate , Commander Bigelow thought it must have been an accident .	5
Born in Prostějov , Czechoslovakia , Porizkova was a toddler when her parents fled Czechoslovakia to Lund , Sweden , to escape the 1968 Warsaw Pact invasion .	6
Prince Henry 's infantry advanced , still firing .	3
Beneath these depictions are a row of six animals : a blackbird , a dormouse , a hedgehog , an owl , a tortoise and a raven .	3
It was re-established in the Soviet Union in 1923 by Mikhail Koltsov .	3
This quantity is widely used in designing large industrial distillation processes .	5
The station will serve the neighbourhoods of Egmore and Purasawalkam .	5
Skeptical investigator Joe Nickell says that claimed poltergeist incidents typically originate from " an individual who is motivated to cause mischief " .	7
2000- date President , Royal African Society	5
John Ramm , ‘ Out of Oblivion ’ , " Antique Dealer & Collectors Guide " , August 1990 , Vol .	3
Among many other examinees , Gon continuously encounters Hisoka , a mysterious and deadly transmuter who takes an interest in him .	7
This latter case is sometimes called " fossil water " , and is realistically non-renewable .	3
There are no bonus balls in the 10th frame , and a " perfect " score would be 10 .	4
He allowed her to exercise more and more influence over him .	6
The film stars Bryan Cranston , Diane Kruger , Benjamin Bratt , John Leguizamo , Said Taghmaoui , Joseph Gilgun and Amy Ryan .	3
" ( Korean : 사랑이 팍팍 ; Starring : Lee Seungyun , Lee Sangho , Lee Sangmin , Han Mingwan , Jang Doyeon ) "	3
The Marmot 's Hole was a weblog by American writer Robert J Koehler dealing with Korean politics and society .	7
At the end of season Rimini was expelled from professional league due to financial difficulties .	4
A shopping center was built off I-79 , which includes a new La Quinta Inns and Suites , Kroger , K-Mart , and several fast food restaurants .	6
He was head of the department of health care education at the University of Liverpool .	6
The journalist had also speculated that the cache might be used to trigger terror attacks in the city .	5
When built , the front sleep-outs had roll down slat blinds .	4
This Commission , reactivated in 1995 , is the successor to a Commission that was an active part of the Academy prior to the year 1952 .	6
The wallpaper that still covers the walls dates to that renovation .	6
Waste ( hazardous waste and other waste defined in environmental legislation ) is only an intermediate step and the final emissions to the environment ( e.g .	7
The suppliers are Argentina , Brazil , Uruguay , Paraguay , USA , Canada , Australia and New Zealand .	3
This comprised part of the North and South Western Junction Railway .	7
A thick ice sheet more likely in the south polar region than in the north pole because the south pole is higher in altitude .	4
At last , and inside of just two minutes , Nebraska punched in a couple of touchdowns to gain the edge .	4
They purify themselves with months of fasting and meditation to make themselves suitable receptacles for receiving the oracles spirits .	7
Mariano Fernández may refer to :	3
On 28 August 2006 , Hezbollah fighters withdrew from positions facing Israeli occupation lines in the Shebaa Farms area .	6
The collapsed figure also hit a woman in her early 60s on the back of the head ; no serious injuries were sustained in the process .	4
He still claims to this day he is still being " persecuted . "	3
Crane 's contract with Appleton allowed him to receive a flat ten percent royalty of all copies sold .	5
In November 2007 , Sfakianakis released a new album , " Mnimes " ( Memories ) .	3
The 503d Army Air Forces Base Unit was responsible for the operation of Presidential Aircraft until 27 September 1947 when the United States Air Force was created .	5
The 3rd Section stationed at Fort Ridgely until May 1864 , and the 1st Section was at Fort Snelling until May 1864 .	5
The children speak at least three languages .	5
In 1889 , the couple built this Queen Anne house for their family .	3
Additionally , a labor dispute erupted over a disparity in pay scales between deck officers and nuclear engineering officers .	7
From 1914 – 1915 her Moscow home became the meeting-place for artists and writers .	5
However , on a low-definition display , such a form can be confused with a numeral 8 .	3
Krul are created by binding the spirit of demons known as Strangers into human bones .	7
Notable people with the name include :	4
After this , other parts were also reclaimed : the eastern part in 1957 ( Oost-Flevoland ) and the southern part ( Zuid-Flevoland ) in 1968 .	4
Evron was born in Jerusalem .	3
Students raft the Main Payette River and Main Salmon River and backpack through the White Cloud and Sawtooth Mountains .	6
The Byzantine Empire at times intervened in the political scene , and at times Serbia had Hungary as its main ally .	5
Torquay also made a good showing in the Western League , finishing in 3rd place .	4
Slot machines include a currency detector that validates the coin or money inserted to play .	7
The population was 630 at the 2010 census .	3
The Minnesota Vikings signed him to a 3-year minimum rookie contract in 2003 , but he was released on September 3 , 2005 .	4
They serve to strengthen already existing networks of political and social relationships among activists offline .	7
Jeffrey had agreed a move to Manchester United when he sustained a badly broken leg playing for England U23 v France in October 1956 .	7
On June 11 , Manson was honored with a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2015 Kerrang !	3
It also published " Sheffield Forward " , and provided a twenty-four-hour Central Committee to organise the city 's workers during the General Strike .	7
The competition takes place in pubs in the host city with teams dancing in front of two judges .	7
Accounts vary as to what kind of controller technology was involved .	6
These were the patrol division , the jail division , the detective division , the traffic division , the records division and the juvenile division .	3
In 1901 , the winners of the first Nobel Prizes were given 150,782 SEK , which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2007 .	5
With the failure of this second rebellion , the Stuart hopes of regaining the British throne were effectively destroyed .	4
Bykovsky graduated the academy at 21 years old and received the rank of lieutenant .	5
Да будет во благо сплочение наше !	6
Members of Ardeidae fly with their necks retracted , unlike other long-necked birds such as storks , ibises , and spoonbills .	6
Titled , the series began its broadcast run in Japan on TV Kanagawa on July 5 , 2011 at 1 : 45am .	3
The results of this research project are incorporated in volume 72 of " Folia Quaternaria " and was awarded the City of Kraków Prize .	5
She transported 630 troops on 2 June 1940 , 957 more on 3 June , and 463 troops on her final voyage from Dunkirk on 4 June .	4
The following players participated in the 1984 UEFA European Under-21 Championship .	7
Tegan later spots Darryl with Charlie Buckton .	5
The term " Saltusbohemicus " ( " Bohemian Forest " ) for the region emerged in the 12th century .	5
It is known as the " Embroidery Capital of the Philippines " .	4
Scout on Middleton and Eagleville Pike June 10 .	4
He was also enrolled at the State University , La Sapienza where he studied modern languages and history .	7
There are about 5 % Chinese people .	6
Speculation had been that these new ships would have been similar to an enlarged " Halifax " -class frigate .	3
With changes in the lumber industry , the number of jobs declined , leading to a loss in population after the 1950s .	6
Do what comes natural to you ' .	6
In 1982 , WRBC increased its power output from 10 watts to the present 120 watts .	3
The competition was established by the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) in 2003 as the first professional Twenty20 league in the world .	5
Such a kiln made about 20 tonnes of clinker per day .	6
There was a chassis cab , a truck , a panel van , and a window van version .	5
The village has a population of 1,300 .	4
Nelson denied having a conflict of interest .	5
NY 256 begins at an intersection with NY 63 in the village of Dansville .	6
Robert " Bob " Torres was an assistant professor of sociology at St. Lawrence University in Canton , New York .	3
" 2010 IIHF World Championship Division III	5
The attack transport moved to Lingayen Gulf on 2 and 3 October and began embarking troops destined for occupation service in Japan .	7
The joy he felt for the local surroundings gradually diminished and he complained about the frequent easterly winds which , he said , ruined the picturesque atmosphere .	7
During the American Civil War , he served in a volunteer company organized to repel the expected invasion of Pennsylvania by the Confederates .	7
Estádio Eládio de Barros Carvalho , also known as Estádio dos Aflitos , is a football ( soccer ) stadium located in Recife , Brazil .	7
They robbed the house of the residents .	4
Menkhorst ; L. Németh ; E. Neubert ; H. Nordsieck ; B. Páll-Gergely ; W. Rähle ; A. Riedel ; H. Schütt ; R. Şeşen ; M.I .	3
Martin was still going to Yale at the time and postponed her education so that she could join the cast .	5
Emmi Itäranta lives in Canterbury , United Kingdom .	4
It also uses to add to its songs classical instruments , such as violin , creating a kind of alternative rock .	6
Round 3 featured all 4 players playing Pai Gow Poker .	7
Kelly began filming scenes for her next film , " The Bridges at Toko-Ri " , in early 1954 , with William Holden , for Paramount Pictures .	3
FRELIMO also lodged a protest with the United Nations about the project , and their cause was aided by negative reports of Portuguese actions in Mozambique .	6
She appeared in " Something ’ s Afoot " , " The Club " , " Deathtrap " and " Tonight at Eight-thirty " .	4
PVK Jadran is a 13-time winner of the National league ( 7 .	3
There they collected about four hundred rupees but this led to his being branded as a dacoit .	6
The Exeter Book riddles are varied in theme , but they are all used to engage and challenge the readers mentally .	6
The building was designed by " Baldwin and Pennington , Architects " , and was built by local contractor Julius C. Holmes for $ 46,500 .	5
For over 60 years , the land directly across the street from the Museum has been an area of warehouses and other industry facilities .	4
The Jerusalem Congress convened on January 27-February 10 , 1919 under the leadership of Aref al-Dajani and Izzat Darwazah .	6
The choice of treatment is based on the needs of the patient and can include drugs , therapy and other similar treatments .	5
Cecylia and Gabriel had four children :	4
It is an offense to refuse to provide a specimen of breath , blood or urine for analysis .	7
It featured another fellow Congolese artist known as VR .	5
Jumurtau ( , ) is an urban-type settlement of Amudaryo District in Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan .	3
On February 11 , 2001 , Tamura lost the titles to Mima Shimoda in her fourth defense , ending her reign at 171 days .	4
Water is an essential commodity in the global market for economic success .	3
It was released in January 2009 as the third single from the album " Starting Now " .	4
Al-Mansur Ali I managed to deal with these crises .	5
" Puerto Rico Environmental Quality Board	3
Many of Byron Harmon 's photographs , pioneer photographer of the Canadian Rockies , are housed at the museum .	6
with a constant sample rate in Hertz ) to obtain the same signal sampled at constant angular increments of a reference shaft .	7
He wanted to play everything himself and sing everything himself because it 's a very personal project .	6
It also contained an interview with Minogue and behind-the-scenes footage .	6
Former Palladium Dancers Cuban Pete , Augie and Margo ; Millie Donay ; artist Erich Padilla , and filmmaker Avenol Franco	3
The current Connections facilities at Narre Warren is located in a collection of pre-existing school buildings scattered throughout the site .	6
Man Ray wished to disassociate himself from his family background , but their tailoring left an enduring mark on his art .	4
Post-contest log analysis and conversion software	6
However , the 3rd and 4th Regular battalions were disbanded in 1906 .	3
It contained many attacks on the financial orthodoxy and over-cautiousness of Walter Nash .	6
According to the will of Abu Bakr , Umar was to continue the conquest of Syria and Mesopotamia .	6
Eventually he moved to Albania where he was killed by two villagers who had been paid by Serb authorities .	7
At the time of the Revolution , there	4
When Tony calls upon him to dispose of Ralph Cifaretto 's body , he realizes that Chris is high .	7
The terrace rises to 1250 m , about 750 m above Barwick Valley close southward .	6
This was one of the world 's first female-run photographic businesses .	5
It is staffed by more than 20 full-time employees and more than 400 active volunteers .	6
Internal strife within club officials saw Mohun Bagan failing to retain most of their players from the National League winning side as the squad quality dramatically degraded .	7
( Before Windows 8 claimed exclusive rights to this timer , it was also used by some programs like CPU-Z . )	4
It was renamed a few times :	3
Tieton was officially incorporated on June 5 , 1942 .	3
The film was edited and released as The Crimson Cult in the United States .	4
A committee has also been constituted under the Gadchiroli District Collector for implementing the plans devised by the task force .	6
as / iː eː ɯː ɤː uː oː aː / .	7
Kahoolawe is located about southwest of Maui and also southeast of Lānaʻi , and it is long by wide , with a total land area of .	5
The supporting cast includes Melbourne MacDowell , Eugenie Besserer , Jack Curtis , Anna Dodge , Claire McDowell and Lon Chaney in a villainous bit role .	3
The six girls were Josie Tolliday , Emma Roddick , Cassie Armstrong , Meg Beattie , Holly Henderson and Kayleigh MacDonald .	3
The Byzantines regrouped and pushed back in 622 under Heraclius .	4
Land use conflicts are less frequent in these communities .	4
സമ്പന്നവും വൈവിദ്ധ്യപൂർണവുമായ അതിന്റെ പരമ്പരാഗതസമ്പത്തിൽ ഞാൻ അഭിമാനിക്കുന്നു .	6
The MCC uses increased aid to reward countries demonstrating a commitment to good governance .	7
As a result , a program was started by Robert R. Gilruth with Melvin N. Gough as the chief test pilot .	3
Water politics is present within nations , otherwise known as subnational .	4
There was a Roman settlement , including a bloomery , and later a Norman village grew up around the church .	4
One of those highways was Legislative Route 157 , the modern Hamilton Boulevard section of PA 222 , west of Allentown .	4
126 : Bolton - Horwich - Lever Park	5
Expansion of the existing Dalton & Lark tunnel started in 1907 .	6
It was recorded live at Command Theatre Studio and mixed at Olympic Studios .	6
In the dice game , Yudhishthira loses all his wealth , then his kingdom .	3
Vanessa accuses Gina of becoming boring and convinces her to go to a festival .	6
Founded in 1970 , PBSP was the first in Asia to advocate and practice corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) .	7
Wilson was briefly involved with an Italian restaurant in his native Darlington named Casa di Chirico , after his grandmother 's maiden name .	7
He also served from 2016 to 2018 as the Honors & Awards Director for the AIAA Greater Huntsville Section .	6
The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet reclassified KY 1928 from a primary state highway to a secondary state highway through a January 23 , 2011 , official order .	3
Eugenius IV ( Gabriello Condulmaro , or Condulmerio ) was born in Venice in 1388 , of a wealthy family .	5
Kashkevar ( ) is a village in Khandan Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .	3
It discharges into the Olteț in Butoi .	4
These behaviours are mainly undertaken by the male and in aquaria are known to last around 48 hours .	5
" Third Cape Cod Canal road bridge	5
In addition they do not prefer grass that is too short as they can ’ t hide from predators .	6
Snowshoe Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada , and part of the Lake Superior drainage basin .	7
" New York State Route 232	5
During the 2010 campaign , Dillard completely overhauled his pitching delivery from a traditional over-the-top delivery to a sidearm delivery .	3
Louisa Lawson Napaljarri ( Pupiya ) ( c . 1930 – 2001 ) was a Warlpiri-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia 's Western Desert region .	4
In 1849 , he ran on the Democratic ticket for New York State Comptroller , but was defeated by the incumbent Whig Washington Hunt .	5
The magnetic M100 ( measured by MEG rather than EEG is , likewise , less robust in children than in adults .	7
Lake effect snow squalls are generated by cold arctic air moving over unfrozen water of lake or sea .	6
" One of the most indisputably forward thinking albums of 2011 " Stereoboard ( UK )	7
It is currently in print , and was re-released as " Tender Buttons : The Corrected Centennial Edition " by City Lights Publishers in March 2014 .	5
Based on the Köppen climate classification , Banded Peak is located in a subarctic climate with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers .	3
Couric began working at CBS News in July 2006 .	4
It lies approximately north-east of Kłobuck and north of the regional capital Katowice .	6
According to Bergman , Israeli covert agencies have undertaken targeted assassinations against " Arab adversaries throughout its pre- and post-statehood periods " .	3
This was repeated in 1988 with Bentsen winning the primary with over 80 % of the vote .	7
Jurjen Anno Battjes ( born 22 February 1939 ) is a Dutch civil engineer .	6
Cross attributes his love of fashion to his grandmother 's skills	6
Baboons inside the Cape of Good Hope section of the park are a major tourist attraction .	7
Sanda Dubravčić was born on 24 August 1964 in Zagreb , SR Croatia , Yugoslavia , to Zora ( née Lipošćak ) and Dragutin Dubravčić .	4
Laharpe fought at the Battle of Montenotte and the Second Battle of Dego .	6
The 1933 final was played after the rise of the Nazis to power in Germany .	4
The final scientific article of Milliana Kaisheva has been published after her death : http : / / tech.dir.groups.yahoo.com / group / PhysChemSofia / message / 209 .	5
In 1939 he was raised to the peerage as Baron Glentoran , of Ballyalloly in the County of Down .	5
" 1991 – 92 Venezuelan Primera División season	5
The Main School Building , originally built in 1891 , is a Gothic Revival Grade II listed building .	5
" Probabilistic models for some intelligence and attainment tests " .	5
It is often credited as the first modern-day wooden roller coaster to generate a marketing campaign .	5
On 25 June 1908 , the battalion took over the Drill Hall in Chenies Street .	3
He removed Gilsher 's body from the smashed plane , and forwarded it to Tarnopol as a last service for his friend .	5
" Controversies surrounding Grand Theft Auto IV	5
Mohammad Jahangeer Warsi is an Indian linguist , researcher , and author .	3
The next two years are the Lower Sixth and the Upper Sixth .	3
ter Braak , Y. Zhou , Q. Gong , X. Dong , W. Tian , M. Falda , P. Fontana , E. Lavezzo , B.D .	3
29.f5 Qxb3 30.Rxd6 Bxf5 31.Rd2 Qa2 0-1	7
On a 2013 episode of " The Jonathan Ross Show " , he said he had been vegetarian for 27 years .	5
Indologist Hans T. Bakker concludes that there might have been a temple at the supposed birth spot of Rama built by the Gahadavalas .	6
Even from Alpha Centauri A or B , Proxima would only be seen as a fifth magnitude star .	3
The award is presented for outstanding research in any aspect of inorganic chemistry .	5
Here the causeway ran north-northwest towards Tick Island , then turns very slightly more northward for the remainder of the way to Hiawatha .	7
The village has a population of 660 .	4
Bernal made numerous contributions to the field of psychology .	4
Samuel and Tabitha Tenney had no children .	4
On 1 January 2012 , the municipality of Vuarmarens merged into the municipality of Ursy .	7
Indeed , women who adopted Islamic clothing often were working women and students who interacted daily with men .	5
Leeds had a free-kick a few minutes later , but Giles ' effort was saved by Lawrence .	5
He was elected to the Legislative Council for Newcastle district in 1863 and served until Confederation , when he was named to the Senate .	4
John had known Kelly Taylor before she enrolled into California University , and began romancing her as they became reacquainted .	4
Kroger currently operates Scott 's under the Central division , which includes Owen 's Market and Pay Less Food Markets .	7
John Churin is Chief Technology Officer for Tolven .	3
During the Nazi occupation of Poland , a Jewish family sent its son , Stanley Berger , to be hidden by a Gentile Polish family .	4
Folk music of Polka style appeared in written music about 1800 .	7
The blood may become incoagulable with internal bleeding that may lead to haematuria and haematemesis .	7
The village has a population of 440 .	4
It is most common in tropical countries .	3
Mary Webb School and Science College is a secondary school in Pontesbury , Shropshire , United Kingdom .	4
A challenge with implementing the Curriculum and Evaluation Standards was that no curricular materials at the time were designed to meet the intent of the Standards .	6
He debuted as an indie artist in 2005 , with his first single " Why ? " .	3
There are also various film and theatre productions made to commemorate the plight of Africville .	7
These piles , symbolizing loyalty and righteousness , are each as " axis mundi " in a version of béarnaise .	6
John Ford has received the most awards in this category with four .	3
Ine 's mother died in 1869 .	4
Pico was prevented from holding his Oration .	4
It provides an LLB degree for British and international students .	6
Composting toilets that promise high rates of pathogen destruction are common .	7
The Victorian Football League was renamed the Australian football League prior to the start of the 1990 premiership season .	5
A door allowed access to the engine from the crew compartment .	5
Lenox was selected as deacon of the congregation .	4
A number of opposition parties and civil society groups challenged the constitutionality of the decree .	6
It is a crystalline solid , which reacts vigorously with water to form hydroiodic acid and boric acid .	7
It is a practical course and the students are taught about technical and architectural drawings .	6
David Brooks was not present at the time .	3
The saw tool provides a harshness that adds to the character of the sculptures .	6
Jonathan was an Amherst College graduate and journalist .	3
Rajashekaram blames Kamala , then she reveals the reality about Nagaraju and the murder she has witnessed .	7
The area was known at that time as Mountain Cove .	3
Wages had not been increased since 1653 , and were usually months late , rations were terrible , shore leave forbidden and discipline harsh .	3
They field any deep opposition kicks and are often the last line of defence should an opponent break through the back line .	4
This has allowed for the discovery of many new variable stars , often of very small amplitudes .	5
Most hosts wore fleece hats with coloured cloth tops in full dress , and round caps , with or without peaks , for ordinary duties .	3
His most recent orchestral work is " Concerto for Orchestra " , first performed on 31 March 2008 by the Nationaltheater-Orchesters Mannheim .	4
It was founded in 1961 .	3
At that difficult moment , they prayed and decided to share the gospel with people around the Island .	7
Construction commenced in August 2009 .	4
To expand the collapsed table , click on " show " in the Year column header ; to collapse again , click on " hide " .	4
In 1884 , the Zátka Brothers ’ s plant in Boršov nad Vltavou was founded and this was the first Pasta factory of Bohemia .	4
Faraj looked for the money , but couldn 't find it , because there are four underground rooms and Assadi did not remember which one it was .	5
Compulsory figures were held in Unna and began at 8 am .	4
There are at least 27 features in the U.S. state of Oregon currently or formerly named Blue Lake :	7
In this interview , Gorfinkel discussed his own experiences in the Kovno Ghetto during the Holocaust .	3
While in the United States , he took the opportunity to obtain an MA degree in business management from Webster University in 1991 .	7
He played one more game in 2009 , against Odd Grenland .	3
People having this surname include :	5
The village has a population of 318 .	4
Hosted by : Carlos Calderon & Alejandra Espinoza	6
Green tea is processed using either artisanal or modern methods .	6
When Sophie learns Andrew and his friends are going , she sneaks out and hides in the boot of Chris Pappas ' ( James Mason ) car .	7
" Rocket to Russia " is the first album to feature two cover songs : " Do You Wanna Dance ? "	4
Religion , chemistry , physics , biology , physical education , textile , art , design , and music are also typically available .	3
Chord zithers were often marketed under confusing brand names like ' guitar zither ' or ' mandoline zither ' .	5
" City of Rocks National Reserve	3
Teams competed with tyres supplied by Pirelli .	6
The video was directed by Trey Fanjoy and was filmed at Disney 's Golden Oak Ranch .	5
By 1863 Johnson 's Island in Lake Erie was used as a prisoner of war camp for Confederates .	5
Indian citizens or body corporates need to take permission from the concerned State Biodiversity Board .	5
The species occurs in a restricted range in the Northern Territory , in the sandstone outcrops of western Arnhem Land .	4
( マクロス30 銀河を繋ぐ歌声 , " Makurosu 30 Ginga Wo Tsunagu Utagoe " ) , Artdink , Bandai Namco Games , BD-ROM	6
has arranged painted white stones into the word " GOODBYE " , visible from the air .	4
Essentially , there 's the first album , 1972 's " Garcia " , and then there 's everything else . "	4
" Pleasant Valley , Marion County , West Virginia	3
The village has a population of 70 .	4
In 1986 , Joan Child becomes the first female elected to Speaker of the House of Representatives and held the position for over three years .	7
Matsukevich partnered Riccardo Ghedin but lost in the quarterfinals to Laurynas Grigelis and Zdeněk Kolář .	7
Around this time , the Renaissance-style " Pina Chapel " was built as burial site for João de Pina , treasurer of the cathedral .	3
Salads are typically served at room temperature or chilled , with notable exceptions such as south German potato salad which is served warm .	6
There is a small street in the Wettbergen neighborhood of Hannover named Reicherthof .	6
It was released in 2001 , and contains tracks recorded between 1993 and 1997 .	7
This paper led to the general acceptance of the axiom of choice in the mathematics community .	6
The company 's first radio was named " Tommeliten " ( Tom Thumb ) , and used only earphones .	4
In 1978 she married Bharathan , a noted Malayalam film director .	5
Local variables are defined inside a method , or a particular block .	4
The waterfall and creek are within of the Raven Cliffs Wilderness of the Chattahoochee National Forest .	4
Carnoustie benefited from the 19th-century fashion for sea bathing .	4
Routes 450 and 931 ( Fridays only ) serves Fountain Drive and the Kingswood Estate .	6
The village has a population of 258 .	4
Dr. Van Dover graduated from Rutgers University in 1977 with a B.S .	3
The village has a population of 864 .	4
The album cover photography and album inlay photography is by Ami Barwell	5
633,000 got their benefits back after referral and 580,273 referrals were cancelled .	5
For a list of Iran 's modern planned cities see : List of Iran 's planned cities .	5
He was a board member of the employers ' organization " Norske Avisers Landsforbund " from 1967 and the Norwegian Press Association from 1971 .	5
It triggered a tsunami and overall about 5,000 people died .	6
More serious crimes automatically necessitated " recollement , " a procedure which allowed the accused to challenge witnesses and for the latter to confirm their testimonies .	7
Bowling is the most important of the traditional sports in Asturias , mainly in the modality of " cuatreada " .	4
The High Court accepted the suggestions made by Dr. Bang and directed the state government to incorporate the recommendations in its policy decisions and take appropriate actions .	6
The Taichung Veterans General Hospital and Cheng Ching Hospital Chung Kang Branch is located in Xitun .	4
Though the decision was generally unpopular with fans , Mid-Ohio was dropped from the CART / Champ Car schedule for 2004 .	6
He also sings , contributing vocals on many of his own hooks .	5
Nemarluck died in August 1940 prompting Idriess to write a book focusing on him .	7
The satellite 's orbit and mission are officially classified ; however , it has been located by amateur observers in a retrograde low Earth orbit .	4
Known to staff simply as " The Cutler " , the train carried a restaurant car and was generally hauled by a Gresley A3 Pacific .	6
He was selected as " Professor of the Year " by students for the 2014-2015 school year .	4
According to Bertrand Vilmer expert , LH 10 did not have any airworthiness certificate , nor any kit airworthiness certificate and so could not have been sold .	3
In 2003 , the contest was moved to November , therefore there was no time to elect a delegate for Miss World .	7
There were 4,481 housing units at an average density of 690.1 / sq mi ( 266.6 / km ² ) .	7
Record : 7 – 6 – 1 ; Home : 2 – 3 – 1 ; Road : 5 – 3 – 0	3
In 1955 , they told the story of their travels in a book and a documentary film , both called " Wild America " .	4
The columns form inverted tripod shapes which support the bridge above each of the pilecaps .	7
He worked in the coal mines 1905-1909 , in the rubber industry 1909-1913 , and at the machinist trade 1913-1916 .	3
Special procedures were developed relying on both polls and demographic analysis .	5
In September 1920 , al-Dajani became deputy president of a committee of notables established by the Pan-Islamic Movement .	7
It lies approximately north-east of Pisz and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Germans are required by law to have 20 paid days off a year and their Dutch counterparts also are insured 20 vacation days .	4
2018 – OMAX celebrates 25 years of waterjet innovation !	4
The anhydrous form adopts a simple structure with octahedral Fe ( III ) F centres interconnected by linear Fe-F-Fe linkages .	6
It lies approximately east of Szczytno and south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
He received his Ph.D. in astronomy at the Leiden Observatory in 1976 ,	3
He also oversaw the expansion of many of the California mission sites and helped many other missions like Mission San Gabriel Arcángel .	6
The album sold over 600,000 units in the Philippines in 2006 , certifying Double Diamond by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry ( PARI ) .	6
The pre-production version lacked a bayonet .	3
HP now maintains the current version " Office Server V3.2 for OpenVMS Alpha and OpenVMS VAX systems " .	6
Since joining Spoon he has also worked for Metta Technology as an electrical engineer , but has worked entirely in music since mid-2006 .	4
In Bayesian statistics , the Dirichlet distribution is the conjugate prior distribution of the categorical distribution ( and also the multinomial distribution ) .	3
The Century was considered the flagship magazine of U.S. mainline Protestantism .	5
The village has a population of 573 .	4
" , inspired by the nickname of Azerbaijan itself , " Land of Fire " .	5
The driver has a 57 ° point and tapered , unsharp ( rounded ) flutes .	5
And if they did recover some data from the backup , to where would they restore it ?	3
Centered in central and eastern North Carolina and southeastern Virginia , African-American Christian congregations formed a convention of their own in the 1890s .	5
Fildebrandt was found guilty of hit and run in December 2017 .	6
Nazi and French officials had complained .	5
The United Nations classifies access to clean drinking water as a universal human right .	6
During his career , he served as the president for the American Society for Ethnohistory , the American Ethnological Society , and the American Anthropological Association .	3
" 2014 Malaysia FA Cup Final	5
In 1983 , Carillon 's President / CEO Michel Roux approached the artist Andy Warhol , whom he paid $ 65,000 to create an advertisement for Absolut .	5
The award goes to the goalkeeper who has the lowest " goals-to-games " ratio .	6
Born and raised in Haiti , they adopted this country as their own , as they learn to love and appreciate its rich culture .	5
In 1910 , this mine employed 60 miners .	3
Though they were formed as a rock band they have experimented with genres like progressive metal and groove metal .	7
The feast is celebrated on 8 December and the statue was sculptured in Marseilles by Gallard et Fils in 1887 .	4
Ushenko has had more than 20 solo shows and participated in numerous group exhibitions .	5
Punjab 2 2 0 0 01-00 + 1 6	7
The first church was organized in 1786 and held meetings and services in several homes until the construction of the first church building in 1835 .	6
Its headquarters are in the town of Ikole .	3
The village has a population of 946 .	4
It was constructed with a view to confine long-term and life prisoners of Bahawalpur Division .	7
Kəsəmən and the town of Agstafa .	4
The screen too is Perpendicular .	3
During the German hyperinflation of the early 1920s , he donated the respectable sum of 20,000 Marks to the impoverished people of his birthplace .	4
He played as a full back .	3
Odesa was built as a planned city according to 18th-century plans by the Flemish engineer Franz de Wollant ( also known as François Sainte de Wollant ) .	5
Balitsky 's arrest and execution resulted from evidence gathered by Lyushkov .	7
Many single women were employed in the garment industry as seamstresses , often in unsafe working environments .	3
One of the more unusual examples is found far from its origin in Idaho at Erratic Rock State Natural Site just outside McMinnville , Oregon .	5
He probably served under Pharaoh Amenhotep III and / or Akhenaten .	5
all songs written by Susan Werner , except where noted	3
In about 1699 the property was enlarged into a three-storey castellated house .	3
Trials proving satisfactory , the type went into production and service .	7
He played as regular player and scored many goals in 2008 and 2009 season .	7
In the New World , American fossil hunters found plentiful deposits of " Elrathia kingi " in western Utah in the 1860s .	4
ABC owns several facilities in New York grouped mainly on West 66th Street .	5
He was a member of the 1927 Stanley Cup-winning Ottawa Senators .	6
He was actively involved in youth organizations and was a university supporter .	3
YASI utilizes one floor of 689 Fifth Avenue entirely for piano activity .	4
The charter officers are the city commission , with five commissioners , a mayor , and a vice-mayor .	3
He was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council .	3
Faced with the decision on whether to refurbish the old stadium or replace it , the Manitoba government fast-tracked financing for a new stadium .	5
The concurrent licenses are global and shared by anyone who needs to use the system .	7
The bomb threat caller suddenly dies of a heart attack without identifying the location of the bomb on the plane .	5
From the late middle Jurassic ( 164-165 mya ) from the Daohugou fossil-beds of Inner Mongolia .	4
China have won twelve times .	3
In the meantime , the leading industry magazine Aviation gave the GAC plane a boost by running a two-page story about the as yet unproved craft .	6
The Seminoles punted the ball back to Virginia Tech , and the kick rolled into the end zone for a touchback .	4
Mercury was prohibited as treatment of syphilis in Western Europe in the 19th century , because of its adverse effects .	5
This docile temperament makes it very desirable in the pet trade , along with " A. hentzi " .	3
He is sometimes bewildered by Fran , but in general he supervises her actions in silence .	4
A version of the Mauser pistol with a full-sized grip , six-shot internal magazine , and a barrel .	3
Communicate using his or her preferred means of communication .	7
It has been crystallised in complex with carboxypeptidase from wheat and Leishmania major oligopeptidase B .	7
" Protect Ya Neck " is a free-associative and braggadocious battle rap featuring eight of the nine Wu-Tang members .	5
Created in 1572 as Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach < br >	3
" Kim Lakshmi Bahun-Okten Jalpitena punah punah "	6
She is a doctoral student in the Educational Technology program at Nova Southeastern University in Davie , Florida .	3
These types of the grave monuments are widely used in the South Caucasus , East Anadoly , Middle Asia , Sibir , and Altay .	4
The title was later revealed through Columbia Records 's official Vine account as part of a video relaying a series of images .	7
One of them , Paul Asa Allen , is the author of " In the Shadow of Greatness – Growing Up Allen " .	4
Soloviev is a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Plekhanov Russian University of Economics .	6
A third car struck the parked cars from behind and Stello was crushed between them .	7
Operationally , the NHC did not begin to issue advisories on the depression until 2100 UTC on August 28 .	5
He resigned the wardenship on 18 October 1871 , but continued to reside in Oxford until his death in 1878 .	5
Many terror attacks by banned jihadi outfits like Indian Mujahideen cited demolition of Babri Mosque as an excuse for terrorist attacks .	5
The manor house and surrounding land of Welsh Bicknor belonged to the Vaughan family .	6
The instalment in the church started in the spring of 1982 and the instrument was in full working order the following spring .	7
It currently holds 21st place in Europe , and was 77th in the world according to the November 2017 TOP500 list ..	6
The population was 29,799 at the 2010 census , and estimated to have reached 31,682 in 2014 .	6
Conor " The Pride of Endicott " Kleweno , brother of actress Mariana Klaveno , famed orthopaedic trauma surgeon at Harborview Medical Center	6
The album and branding use the grotesque-based font Maison with a predominantly blue and white-based color palette .	6
Based on a 1957 screenplay by Tennessee Williams , it did not play at many theaters .	4
It was produced by John Anthony .	3
At Martinsville , the team replaced Self with Justin Fontaine , who would be making his Truck debut .	7
The estate was razed in the early 1940 's following the death of Margaret Morton , wife of Joy .	7
None of them returned positive .	4
Jacek Fafiński - Biography and Olympic Results	5
Other reasons include nasal obstruction due to allergy or chronic sinus infections which have not responded to other treatments .	6
Doubts whether a cash-starved state with high debt burden has the financial acumen or political will to independently administer such a fund .	5
Although Kamui has an obvious crush on her , Emi remains innocently unaware of Kamui 's affection for her .	5
Nowra Coaches expanded in August 1988 when the school bus services of Sampson Tours were acquired .	5
He took a second flight in Lebanon County on Independence Day 1835 .	3
The following table lists Mass Rapid Transit lines and stations that are currently under testing , construction , or that are in the planning stages :	3
The entrance bay faces east and also has three bays , the lateral bays having triangular gables .	7
It was formerly the " Zilla School of Midnapore " ( currently Paschim Medinipur ) in West Bengal .	3
The basidia are ellipsoid , longitudinally septate , and measure 14 – 20 x 8.5 – 12 µm .	6
Without looking , Kunti asks them to share whatever Arjuna has won amongst themselves .	6
This was later changed to Clute , after the Virginia lumberman Theodore Clute who came with the railroad to establish a sawmill in the area .	7
Leymeriellidae includes the following genera .	3
The Independent Senate Group represents the FNP on a national level , the EFA represents the FNP on a European level .	4
A program of new towns ( French " " ) was developed in the mid-1960s to try to control the expansion of cities .	6
Fanning kills Mahallan and re-enables Candesce 's countermeasures .	5
Her propulsion system consisted of one single-expansion steam engine that drove a single screw propeller .	6
James Cudworth married Priscilla Poulter on 15 May 1848 , at the Friends meeting house , Dover , Kent but they had no children .	4
An Empirical Investigation of Marketing Strategy Quality in Medical Markets .	4
It features a historical museum and restored one-room schoolhouse , with historic furnishings and household items dating to mid-nineteenth century .	6
Allen Weinstein was the non-voting chair of the panel from 1996 to 2003 .	4
They escape using one of the Varautan space cruisers .	6
Years given denote the year of the species 's formal publication under the current name , not the earlier basionym date of publication if one exists .	6
Students of the GII are given hands-on experience in :	4
The winning PTI have alleged rigging in some constituencies as well .	5
Sunnyside has a cold desert climate ( " BWk " ) according to the Köppen climate classification system .	4
In an unspecified era there is a forbidden online virtual reality video game .	3
Tate was the 1983 National Golden Gloves light middleweight champion .	5
They have an argument which ends with Charlotte saying to Barry that she loves him .	7
A brave stab at a target somewhere between rock and jazz , I think it fails , but it may prove prophetic . "	7
The Drop is a 2014 American crime film directed by Michaël R. Roskam , from a screenplay written by Dennis Lehane .	6
Associated minerals are aegirine , batisite , eckermanite , innelite , lorezenite , natrolite , microcline , thorite , and galena .	3
The tenure of the Mayor and Deputy Mayor is five years .	6
The " Evening News " was broadcast live on ATV World in Hong Kong daily until January 1 , 2009 .	4
Correspondence courses of English proved successful in South America and Mexico .	7
He was appointed commander of No .	4
" New characters " : Forge , Green Goblin , Henry Pym , Kingpin , Nick Fury , Red Skull , Shadowcat and White Queen .	3
Mendel found support for this law in his dihybrid cross experiments ( Fig .	3
KGKB received its first License to Cover on May 22 , 1928 .	3
Most deserted within a few days .	3
This means Crow is gloeified here as it has religious and environmental role .	7
The Argentine line-up was Bossio , Bidoglio , Paternóster , Médice , Monti , Evaristo , Carricaberri , Tarasconi , Ferreira , Perduca , Orsi .	3
Dramatisations of Schweitzer 's life include :	5
The trolley ceased operation in 1933 , factory workers left as demand for products decreased , and the town 's population began to decline .	6
Numerous spiritual creatures were believed to inhabit the world .	4
Nakajima began the 2017 season with two wins at Silverstone and Spa .	6
Significantly , though the majority of drivers signed the statement , Michael Schumacher did not .	7
The suspension is filtered without vacuum through a sintered glass filter .	3
However , there is no tonnage restriction on other capital ships operated by Black Sea Powers .	7
He reports that it will be many years before all the papers will be open to the public , despite Nelson 's having died in 1979 .	4
In 2013 , she was named the tournament 's Most Valuable Player , she played the tournament in the position of forward .	6
Ruthin ( ; ) is the county town of Denbighshire in north Wales and a community .	3
As mentioned above , " Styrax benzoin " is a close relative of and of the same genus as " Styrax officinalis " .	3
Furthermore , full support for TraML 1.0.0 and the search engine MyriMatch were added .	6
Those eight were Steven Burke , Mark Christian , Jonathan Dibben , Owain Doull , Daniel Patten , Iain Paton , Andy Tennant and Michael Thompson .	3
In music : Serbia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 .	6
Returning from exile in 1911 , Leconte gathered a large military force .	4
Important treatment plants were at Tambaram , Udumulpet , Arkonam , and Thondebhavi .	3
These revamped recordings shine like the first sunny day after a long hard winter .	4
The Băicoi Nord oil field is an oil field located in Băicoi , Prahova County .	5
30 BASE jumpers from 15 different countries competed in the event .	5
Stowell was educated at St Paul 's School , followed by St Thomas ' Hospital .	6
A sequence was shot during a Halloween festival held along the Venice canals .	5
Born in 1889 , Freddie Keppard was Buddy Bolden 's junior by thirteen years and Louis Armstrong 's senior by eleven years .	5
At that time , and until the courthouse was completed in 1874 , the courts met in various locations around town .	4
Enero , Pebrero , Marso , Abril , Mayo , Hunyo , Hulyo , Augusto , Septembre , Oktubre , Nobyembre , Disyembre , Lubi-lubi .	3
Samuel Mateer of the London Missionary Society .	4
When compared with a flat array of numbers , the Fenwick tree achieves a much better balance between two operations : element update and prefix sum calculation .	7
لغة C + + ‎ هي لغة برمجة تستخدم ...	7
He is also sometimes tasked with duties with Radar , as seen in the episode " Mulcahy 's War " .	6
Elodina perdita , the northern pearl white or delicate pearl white , is a butterfly in the family Pieridae .	5
21 – Moo Brew Pale Ale ( TAS ) < br >	7
It was founded by the Society of Jesus ( Jesuits ) in 1844 and was their first mission in Northern Ontario since their suppression in 1767 .	5
Italy in 1960 , the Soviet Union in 1980 , and South Korea in 1988 made requests to have rugby union brought back .	6
AB 921 – Social Worker Empowerment Act	5
Among these routes are Manchester , Vienna , Fukuoka , Chengdu , Nagoya , Xi 'an , Cairo , Kolkata , Ahmedabad and Zürich .	3
Pentimento has since released albums related to Dan Potthast and Tomas Kalnoky and their respective bands .	4
He also writes ghazal in Urdu language .	4
Shin Eun-kyung ( born 15 February 1973 ) is a South Korean actress .	6
He founded a museum there that has now been incorporated into the Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument .	7
The 1967 Games saw the construction of new north end zone seating .	6
Best Actor Short Film : Kaled Al Ghwairi por Ismail	6
If a family got a visitor who was a Muganda and a child was born during that visit , that child was named Muganda .	7
In most of Marie de France ’ s " Lais " , love is associated with suffering , and over half of them involve an adulterous relationship .	6
Brown had just joined CNN from ABC to serve as the breaking news anchor .	5
Piano , female backing vocals , electric guitar and organ are added as the song 's emotional nostalgia builds momentum .	6
Reynolds was a member of the Region IV Olympic Development Program ( ODP ) team .	5
2013 however saw the completion of major redevelopment work which hopes to revitalise the area .	7
" Taphrina " ) with both a yeast state and a filamentous ( hyphal ) state in infected plants .	6
Levingston has experience as the president of the Premier Basketball League ( PBL ) .	6
" Lewis and Clark National Wildlife Refuge	3
functionary who treated prisoners more humanely than his predecessors had done .	7
It was in 1897 when the first machinery was used to mine the gold from the region .	5
This project was also canceled around the same time as WinPad .	3
Municipally , the village is the administrative center of Davydovskoye Rural Settlement .	3
Michael Durrell & Katherine Cannon played John & Felice Martin ( recurring , season 3 – 10 ) , Donna 's parents .	4
Radostowice ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suszec , within Pszczyna County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
The wing continued to conduct strategic bombardment training and global refueling operations to meet SAC commitments .	5
It seats about 130 people .	4
After backpacking in Europe with his wife and their young son , they returned to the United States .	4
The mill had an 8-bladed windmill fantail , with a boat-shaped cap carrying two pairs of patent shuttered sails , powering an internal turbine pump .	7
As RTÉ 's Environment Correspondent , between 2001 and 2010 , Cunningham regularly reported on climate change .	4
Matewan ( ) is a town in Mingo County , West Virginia , USA at the confluence of the Tug Fork River and Mate Creek .	6
They are typically larger with Federal or Greek Revival architectural influences not present in the simpler version .	6
ಎಲ್ಲಾ ಭಾರತೀಯರು ನನ್ನ ಸಹೋದರರು ಮತ್ತು ಸಹೋದರಿಯರು .	6
Here , the route enters Kearny in Hudson County and continues east into industrial areas as the Lincoln Highway .	4
Ulundurpettai is a town panchayat in Ulundurpet taluk of Viluppuram District of Tamil Nadu , India .	5
He believes that prison rates in the United States are excessive , and the justice system is " locking up far too many people " .	7
The following season he improved to a goals against average of 1.99 in 39 games , third best in the league that year .	7
They played the 2004 / 2005 season .	6
Racing Hall of Fame inductee Blue Larkspur .	5
It continued to offer physical share broking services in Australia .	7
In 2007 the district passed another bond which provided $ 2 million toward infrastructure and classroom improvements .	7
The gubernatorial line of succession is set forth in the state constitution , at Article V , Section 8a .	4
" 2017 World Baseball Classic – Qualification rosters	4
The Contract with America Advancement Act of 1996 , 5 U.S.C .	4
In 2011 , Saradha Group bought Global Automobiles , a heavily indebted motorcycle company as a front for the latest version of its Ponzi scheme .	5
The other members settled in the south of France .	5
He was first choice centre-mid with Paul McLaren in his first year and netted 5 times .	4
The word " bulb " has a somewhat different meaning to botanists than it does to gardeners and horticulturalists .	5
This list was compiled with data calculated by Fred Espenak of NASA 's GSFC .	7
However , in the late 19th and early 20th century , flag manufacturers would often supplement this design with laurel wreaths and crowns .	4
This was then merged to form the South Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority .	7
See also Caves of the Tullybrack and Belmore hills .	6
Despite large seasonal temperature fluctuations , this region has the greatest diversity of plants and animals of the three .	6
The association organizes Sosis Günü ( Sausage Day ) , Yeni Yıl Yemeği ( New Year Dinner ) and Back to School events once in a year .	6
" Electoral results for the Division of East Sydney	4
Pipeline tracking provides tracking of the source , history and status .	6
It lies approximately south-west of Olsztynek and south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
There he married the plantation owner ’ s daughter , Louisa Swan , in 1826 .	4
He therefore raced south , hitting Thessaly by the seventh day and Boeotia by end of the next week .	5
The 189th provides aircrew training for the C-130 for all branches of the military .	6
Eating truffles while playing Grand Theft Auto , That 's a slap in Castro 's face . ”	6
Allowing more time between treatments reduces chances of hypopigmentation .	7
1835 ) , who was vice-president of Syracuse Savings Bank and postmaster of city of Syracuse for 9 years .	7
The domination of the Sunni creed during the first nine Islamic centuries characterizes the religious history of Iran during this period .	4
He painted a series of splendid landscapes influenced by Józef Czapski 's paintings .	7
Two physical persons are busy cattle-breeding ( including , one is busy with buffalo-breeding ) , one juridical person and three physical persons are busy with sheep-breeding .	5
Viz marketed the series as part of its " Shonen Jump Advanced " line for readers in their older teens and young adults .	6
He was appointed by the Governing Council of the University to succeed professor Hayward Mafuyai .	7
Ltd , PH Hydraulics , Tecpro Energy Systems , Vanspall Associates Ltd , Grundfos , Kwik Patch Ltd , Eswari Electricals and Twin Disc .	3
Drones can be used to detect possible oil and gas leaks at an early stage and at locations that are difficult to reach ( e.g .	7
Ragatzu was awarded no.32 shirt for Verona in 2013 – 14 Serie A season .	4
It is found in Uganda .	3
He plays as a defender for Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Fabriano Cerreto .	7
In 1949 , Horst Koehler at Zeiss ( Jena ) suggested adding some pincushion distortion to the optical design to eliminate the globe effect .	6
He had his own company since 1 January 2000 and had a running contract with Radiosporten until 31 December 2010 and also Canal + .	5
After 10 August 1792 he went into exile , in Germany from 1794 .	3
In " Officers Only " , he is the grateful father of a wounded soldier who arranges with Maj. Burns for the construction of an Officers Club .	6
The Shockwave weighs empty , holds five rounds in the magazine tube , and has a single brass bead front sight with no rear sight .	5
On 15 November 2004 administrators were called in .	4
By many measures , the ship was a success .	3
The 8V was developed by Dante Giacosa and the stylist Luigi Rapi .	5
Stallone " won " a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actor for his role in the film .	4
Hörður started his career with local club HK in 2008 , having spent the 2007 season on loan to affiliate club Ýmir .	6
Ladies began competing during the 2011 / 12 season .	7
Delafloxacin is used to treat acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused by designated susceptible bacteria .	7
6 on the ARIA Heavy Rock & Metal Albums component charts .	6
In 2006 , the Dragons made it to the playoffs for the first time since 1992 .	3
" Herbert Dixon , 1st Baron Glentoran	4
Karen Sillas was born in Brooklyn and graduated from the Acting Conservatory of the State University of New York at Purchase ( SUNY Purchase ) .	7
He is the J. J. Sylvester Professor of Mathematics at Johns Hopkins University and the editor-in-chief of the " American Journal of Mathematics " .	5
In 1877 , a hurricane destroyed several ships in the harbor , and others that could not get into the harbor .	5
It is often commonly presented to have flames surrounding its body .	7
The present church was built in 1835 and it is still standing .	3
for a Traverso , a principal Violin , a Violin and a Viola " in ripieno " , Cello , Violone and " concertato " Harpsichord ) .	3
The airport complex also has Brazil 's longest runway at 4.240 meters , and one of South America 's largest and best equipped cargo logistics terminals .	6
2018 : Randox Grand National : Tiger Roll	5
3 Sirasa TV Private Sinhala June 1998	4
Cyrus ' father , Henry , died in 1835 and most of the family , including Gideon , then migrated westward to Pekin , Illinois .	5
Japonoconger caribbeus is an eel in the family Congridae ( conger / garden eels ) .	7
It was powered by an 18 kW ( 24 hp ) ABC Scorpion engine .	7
Hanshagen is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district , in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .	3
Also taking three victories were defending champions David and Godfrey Jones , who struggled for reliability in their Ascari , finishing only five races all season .	7
Majority Whip : Phil Barnhart ( D-11 Linn / Lane )	6
In July 1914 she was on China Station based at Hong Kong tendered to .	5
Chen Yonghua helped Zheng Kezang in his duties .	3
Nevertheless , this does not preclude its applicability to other sophisticated media playback and recording devices .	4
The state initially existed as Aweil East County when Aweil gaaned state-establishment from Wau , South Sudan in 1994 according to Sudan .	7
As a virginal queen in a staunchly traditional patriarchal society , Elizabeth was naturally a focus for the imagination of English lyricists .	5
On June 23 , 1986 , Centronics announced the new corporate logo .	3
He was candidate for Governor of South Dakota in the 2006 election on the Constitution Party ticket , receiving 4,006 votes for 1.2 % of the total .	7
There are two Flight Training Units located on the field .	7
Technically , the red or orange spreading outer parts of the flower are sepals , and the yellow inner parts are the true petals .	6
Jean-Jacques pursued a judicial and administrative career .	5
It is important to make the distinction between functional and quality properties .	7
The AOC was created in 1936 .	3
Common names Rosario red-legged frog and Zug 's robber frog have been coined for it .	7
He was buried at Mount Olive Cemetery in the community of Laurel , south of Hillsboro .	5
Based on this verse the dove has long been a symbol for the Holy Spirit in Christian art .	3
Privacy is a not about keeping secrets , it is about choice , human rights , freedom , and liberty .	3
Patricks Point ( Yurok : " Suemeeg " ) is an unincorporated community in Humboldt County , California .	5
He acted in more than 1000 films .	5
In January 1862 , a " sanad " was issued conferring the state of Baghát on Dalip Singh , then a child of two years .	6
Co. in Rochester , N.Y. in the 1890s .	4
It was described by Giorgi in 2001 .	3
The inquiry examined claims that fees charged by halal certifiers are used to fund terrorism and found that no evidence supports them .	6
His father and two of his four brothers were physicians .	5
The very first new towns included Tsuen Wan and Kwun Tong .	5
It was later re-designated " Company M " , and later , " Company B " .	3
Seams shown with the original image :	4
As an auxiliary , Allué served as Regional Bishop of the Merrimack Pastoral Region and Episcopal Vicar for the Hispanic Apostolate .	5
The village has a population of 644 .	4
" Open pollinated " generally refers to seeds that will " breed true " .	5
Rail activity at Philippi peaked in the 1920s when as many as six passenger trains , along with mail and freight , transited the town daily .	4
In 2010 otar gurgenidze left the band , Zura Mchedlishvili replaced him .	4
spanning It also claims to represent religious and ethnic minorities .	7
" 2014 French Open – Boys ' Singles	5
Rodríguez Vega did not kill again until 21 January 1988 , when Carmen Martínez González was found dead in her home .	4
These were followed by a series of other buildings specifically designed for particular uses .	6
It provided the highest coding efficiency .	4
He left having had only one of his sketches aired .	6
For every 100 females , there were 147.6 males .	3
He considers the foreign guests demons and has written a petition to headquarters asking for orders to subjugate ( i.e .	7
Sweden 's Royal Institute of Technology operates the Beskow supercomputer , which consists of 53,632 processors and has achieved sustained 1.397 Petaflops / s .	6
There were several major clashes between government forces and Ninjas in 2002 and 2003 , resulting in large humanitarian casualties .	5
Stein was able to condemn the Japanese attack at Pearl Harbor while simultaneously maintaining the dissonant acceptance of Hitler as conqueror of Europe .	6
They also set up Thaunkanhe Publications Division which published a number of books .	6
Its total area is .	3
Harry departed on 11 June 2010 after accepting a Basketball scholarship in Sydney .	4
However , the state 's education commissioner told KCPS she wanted to see sustained progress .	6
The track has a double figure eight layout with theming consistent with the DC Comics antiheroine Catwoman .	7
In 1967 , shortly after her father died , she moved to Puerto Rico and released her first album titled " Dimelo tu " .	7
It was recorded by Teri DeSario and was her debut single and was included on her debut album " Pleasure Train " ( 1978 ) .	5
Complete results and results for junior and youth competitions were published .	7
Not only did the plants help with sheltering them , but they were also a primary food source .	3
This includes the wartime responsibility for emergency reprogramming and dissemination of Electronic Warfare ( EW ) system mission data software for CAF aircraft .	6
The term of each Board member does not exceed 3 years .	4
In 104 BC , Marius was returned as consul again for 103 BC .	3
Plastic bending is a nonlinear behavior particular to members made of ductile materials that frequently achieve	7
Hesiod , a deteriorationist , identifies the Golden Age , the Silver Age , the Bronze Age , the Heroic Age , and the Iron Age .	3
An intruding squirrel will drag a squealing , squirming juvenile out of the nest burrow , and promptly kill it by biting its head .	5
Men – Troy Andrews , Kevin Bawden , Keith Bremner , Allan Chadwick , Peter Parker , Andrew Rainbow , Stanley Sims , Grant Walker	3
In rural areas , church halls and town halls may double up as theatres , and that many colleges and universities also have their own auditoria .	5
For the 2018 election , it was re-created from Bramalea — Gore — Malton , Brampton — Springdale , and Mississauga — Brampton South .	3
Also , the spleen harbors primitive hematopoietic progenitor cells .	3
The primary touch input technology behind most devices were resistive touchscreens which often required a stylus for input .	4
The spawning activity is violent , and shallow depressions are formed in the gravel from the commotion .	5
and the following three verses say :	4
This EP features numerous early recordings all from producer Sam Pura , including their single , " Tell Shannon Her Crafts Are Ready " .	3
Robert Garrigus , Dustin Johnson ( 12 ) , Louis Oosthuizen ( 8,10,12 ) , Adam Scott ( 12 ) , Lee Westwood ( 5,8,12 )	3
The sensors measure several physical variables , such as :	3
The main tourist attractions are the tower of Boabdil , the " Casa Piedra " , the " Paseo de Jesús " and the various hermitages .	3
The picture of the " Virgin and Infant with an Angel " , in this same gallery , also ascribed to Lippi , is disputable .	5
" Fjögur píanó " is a song by Icelandic band Sigur Rós from their sixth studio album , " Valtari " .	3
These were mostly concerned with Christological disputes and represent an attempt to reach an orthodox consensus and to establish a unified Christian theology .	6
Alkannin is an antioxidant and has an antimicrobial effect against " Staphylococcus aureus " and " Staphylococcus epidermidis " .	6
She has been awarded grants from ASCAP , the National Endowment for the Arts , the Aaron Copland Fund for Music , and the American Music Center .	3
For all of the character 's Generation X appearances , his name was spelled as Jonothon Starsmore .	6
It is located on the Van Duzen River north-northwest of Redcrest , at an elevation of 253 feet ( 77 m ) .	5
Princes who were eligible for the position of Swargadeo were not considered for these positions and vice versa .	6
It has experienced difficulty coordinating efforts with the Bangladesh Copyright Office .	7
It lies approximately north-west of Biała Piska , east of Pisz , and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
John Murray , one of Relly 's protégés , was the first preacher of the new faith in America .	6
It has an area of 946 km ² and a population of 197,609 at the 2006 census .	7
Forest types include oak and pine .	4
Do I wish I had never endured post-partum depression ?	4
He became experienced in building rail transport .	5
It lies approximately west of Kolno and north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
West York is north of Hutsonville .	3
MGM provided the funding and script while Toei provided the film crew and location to shoot the film .	6
But by September 1963 the doors were opened to the first Viking recruits in grades 9 , 10 , and 11 .	3
The Armstrong Siddeley Double Mamba is a turboprop engine design developed in the late 1940s of around 3,000 – 4,000 hp ( 2,500 – 3,000 kW ) .	7
Groundbreaking for the new museum occurred in 1985 , and the museum was renamed the Museum of African American History .	5
The film stars Sandra Peabody , Lucy Grantham , David A. Hess , Fred Lincoln , Jeramie Rain , and Marc Sheffler .	3
Chuka-Igambang 'ombe Constituency - Represented by Hon .	5
In her fourth year , Stein failed an important course , lost interest , and left .	4
The work led to significant conclusions , though , and was published in journals such as the Transactions and Proceedings of the Royal Society of Edinburgh .	6
West Milford was named on account of there being a mill on the ford of the West Fork River .	6
Some black cultivars are ' Black Beauty ' , ' Black Monukka ' , ' Concord Seedless ' , ' Glenora ' and ' Thomcord . '	3
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of , of which , is land and is water .	5
The Friedmanian Phillips curve was an interesting starting point for Lucas , but he soon realized that the solution provided by Friedman was not quite satisfactory .	7
Barboursville is located at ( 38.411002 , -82.297758 ) .	3
Rayon is located 374 km from the capital Baku and 45 km from the closest town of Agdam .	5
Throughout this period , the governors of Tarsus also operated an active mint in the city .	4
Geoffrey Wright stated " There could be no dispute that he is one of the best actors in the country . "	7
The pair coordinated efforts at establishing a new religious congregation - the Daughters of Saint Mary of Providence - alongside Saint Luigi Guanella .	7
In 1960 , Wright ordered funds for medical training for Africans in the United States through the Detroit Medical Society .	4
That recording was made during a tribute to Dale Hopper who passed suddenly in the Fall of 2005 .	7
The name " Azumino " has since become more common than " Azumidaira " .	4
Later that year he won the 2005 All-Ireland U-21 Football Championship with Galway .	4
Ross-Paul frequently uses the landscape of the Pacific Northwest as a background for her paintings .	4
As an uncredited report put it :	3
Its militant Armed Wing ( the " Northumbrian Republican Army " ) commits acts of violence against the British government in pursuit of its goals .	4
On the headstock of the Warmoth Telecasters , Shiflett 's nickname " Shifty " replaces the Fender logo that would appear on a Telecaster created by Fender .	7
The Transportation Capital Program and the Statewide Transportation Improvement Program ( STIP ) allocate state and federal transportation funding , including projected projects and investment .	5
They played Wellington who beat Southland on 31 October winning 34-21 .	5
According to " Vita Walae " , the Epitaphium Arsenii written by Paschasius Radbertus , Wala fully embraced the life as a monk .	3
The regional center of the raion is its capital	4
In 1944 , a number of papal documents were burned or " walled in " , to avoid detection by the advancing German army .	4
When it was in sufficient quantity it was then cleaned in a sand reel , dried , and " prized . "	3
" Institut National de Recherches en Sante Publique	6
The JetForm forms product was very successful , and Indigo Software 's consulting work also began to focus on work associated with the JetForm software .	7
For a financial instrument whose price follows a Gaussian random walk , or Wiener process , the width of the distribution increases as time increases .	4
During World War I , Caldwell enlisted in the U.S. Army on April 3 , 1918 .	3
" Corporate Ghost : The Videos : 1990 – 2002	5
Castle Hills has received numerous Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools Division 4A Awards .	7
Later at Stirling Castle , by direct invitation of the king to dine , Douglas refused to abandon the alliance .	6
The story made national headlines and " Forensic Files " made a documentary on the case , where Corral appears in an interview .	7
The population density was 1,143.8 inhabitants per square mile ( 443.8 / km ² ) .	3
Migratory birds breed undisturbed by human presence on the islands .	3
Since a large part of the precipitation falls as snow , in many years a thick and permanent layer of snow remains until April .	5
Luckock became well known in Birmingham for his activities in political and educational reform .	7
To attract as many people from the target audience as possible , the concert was to be scheduled alongside an established event connected to the game industry .	6
It was also in that period when the Scientific Station in Rome replaced the Rome Expedition .	5
There is contention over the origins of Romberg ’ s inspiration for the plan of Sacred Heart .	5
Malik also holds a BA Hon 's .	3
Territorially , Southern Leyte includes the island of Panaon to its south .	4
Its local government area is the City of Maribyrnong .	3
The film stars Jayasurya , Saniya Iyappan , Dain Davis , Sidhartha Siva and Amith Chakalakkal in the lead roles .	3
History between 1830 and 1840 is only vaguely documented .	4
Robertson contributed to his " Live At The " ( 1982 ) and " San Francisco Blues Festival " ( 1985 ) albums .	5
When God points out to the highlander that he will be hanged for this crime the man claims to be indifferent .	5
Tahsan Rahman Khan is a Bangladeshi singer-songwriter , composer , actor , teacher , and model .	3
In 1923 , a letter from LDS Church president Heber J .	6
Massin has written extensive biographical works on classical and romantic composers .	6
The Forum became a benchmark for proactive participation of Russian representatives in the activities of international organizations , which deal with the Internet governance issues .	6
Developers have several options for deploying mobile applications .	4
It demonstrates the relationship between a nation 's investment in defense and civilian goods .	7
All told , some 1615 events were run , featuring a large number of artists and performers , and some debuted or became popular with its help .	7
The subject matter of songs varied throughout the album , though nearly all the tracks on the album incorporated humor into the lyrics .	6
My Media was focused on TV and living room technology .	4
Thomas W. Harvey led the faction , which split from Stewart 's group .	6
" Successor team of ( 1960 – 1992 ) , FR Yugoslavia ( 1996 – 2000 ) , and Serbia and Montenegro ( 2004 ) . "	3
The Aggie Workshop is a historic former school building on Marion County Road 5008 in Bruno , Arkansas .	4
This was the catalyst for Bloch 's decision to join the French Resistance sometime between late 1942 and March 1943 .	7
With Francis Fukuyama 's End of History as its founding statement , this was the birth of the post-political , post-ideological " Zeitgeist " .	4
Born in Mansfield , Connecticut , Freeman attended the public schools and moved to New Hampshire in 1769 , settling in Hanover .	4
In 1967 , a suit filed by Paul against a plan to reapportion and expand the Florida Legislature reached the US Supreme Court .	6
The Jarawas are the only remaining Negrito remnants of the Andaman Islands out of four .	3
Producer Robert Stigwood commissioned the Bee Gees to create the songs for the film .	5
Zheng paired up with Xu Yifan , but they lost in the quarterfinals .	4
Based on traffic recorded in May 2010 , the site now has 3.4 million page views per month , and 26,000 teachers are registered .	5
Notable people with the surname include :	4
Fighting continued in the area into July .	4
Galatto became famous the match known as Batalha dos Aflitos .	7
He started the season opener against Wofford at left tackle , the first true-freshman to do so for the Tigers since Phil Prince in 1944 .	4
Incorporated in 2001 , MNET is the first company in Pakistan to provide a secure electronic inter-bank connectivity platform for online financial transactions .	6
He wrote for 132 films between 1913 and 1939 .	5
From the 6th century AD , Germanic tribes were converted ( and re-converted ) by missionaries of the Catholic Church .	4
Probably there were times when the troops were removed .	4
The Gaspereau situation prompted an examination within the cultural community about what makes a book and the nature of publishing and marketing books .	6
It is common throughout all streams in the park up to 2800 feet in elevation .	4
1952 - W.Wells ( 73 goals ) , 1953 - W.Wells ( 116 ) , 1975 - D.Atkinson ( 67 ) , 1982 - G.Cahir ( 84 )	3
2014 saw the first continent-wide " green year " , a big year executed with a minimum of environmental impact .	5
The nearest railway station is Naharlagun , which is two kilometers away .	4
This was immediately before the development of large-scale coal mining in the area and the subsequent population growth .	3
This amount was a $ 233,290,000 increase ( 4.6 % ) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011 .	3
In July 2005 , the company acquired IVIGO from TNO Telecom .	3
They recline in a silence broken only by whispers and indistinguishable noises .	6
These groups have a wide range of skills from GIS mapping , crowdsourcing , and data analysis and collection , to volunteer management and process design .	6
MVS / 370 is a generic term for all versions of the MVS operating system prior to MVS / XA .	4
Over time the Cuajinicuilapa area was home to a number of communities of escaped slaves and their descendents .	7
She partnered with Jennifer Kessy to start the 2015 AVP season .	5
Naturally , this thinly veiled government criticism did not go without opposition .	4
The pronunciation changed with time to the present-day Ban Lan Hoi .	7
The winner usually finishes in eight to nine days , after riding approximately 22 hours per day through the varied terrain of the United States .	5
There were 93 housing units at an average density of 162.0 per square mile ( 63.0 / km ² ) .	7
According to The Inquirer , the supposed URL where the recording was taken from is http : / / speeches.gov.ca.gov / dir / 06-21.htm ( now offline )	6
These provided the foundation of many of the ideas behind COM .	6
While there is no official news of localization outside Japan , Xseed Games has expressed an interest in translating and distributing the title in North America .	7
Seven blocks of flats surrounding Julius Street were constructed between 1934-1938 .	6
Battles of Chattanooga November 23 – 25 .	4
It was very basic – you 're responsible for the choices that you make – but it was mind-blowing at the time . "	5
" United Nations Security Council Resolution 178	4
This page excludes those people whose only connection with Delhi University is that they were awarded an honorary degree .	5
Russia recognized large territories , including the Vilnius and Suwałki Regions , as belonging to Lithuania .	6
In January 2015 , Mikael Carlsson announced a new album entitled " In The City " .	3
He also developed a coherent system of academic training in arts .	5
This period was also notable in Sicilian football for the rivalry between Messina and Catania , similar to the one the club 's shared in the 1930s .	7
In the Co-Academic section , the school has shown great results in ' Reka Cipta ' and ' Kelab Pengguna ' .	3
According to Richard Wiseman the hypothesis has not held up to scrutiny .	3
The iPod sold for US $ 399 and more than 100,000 iPods were sold before the end of 2001 .	5
Given her age , and popularity with the island 's people , McCready decides to keep her crime a secret .	6
It has an area of 1,133 km ² and a population of 145,996 at the 2006 census .	7
" Sussex County Vocational School District	4
FOR " { num } " = " { number } " TO " { number } " [ STEP " { number } " ]	6
Two of the unidentified victims were found buried in the boat shed and were estimated to have been killed in 1971 or 1972 .	6
At this moment Xiaozheng comes back and angrily yells out , " What are you doing ? "	3
Numbers were added to the backs of players ' jerseys in the 1920s , initially as a way for coaches and selectors to rate individual players .	5
The bishops , who were located in major urban centers by pre-legalisation tradition , thus oversaw each diocese .	6
The Home Minister also announced that his office would be updating the people through the media every two hours .	4
The song discusses the nature of Chinese identity , as well as the struggles and necessity of maintaining Chinese culture among the diaspora .	6
That was something not done during that period .	4
The Ahmadiyya Muslim community , formally established in 1921 , is the oldest continuous Muslim community in Ghana .	5
The film stars Macklyn Arbuckle , Forrest Stanley , Myrtle Stedman , Malcolm Blevins , Charlie Ruggles and Mary Ruby .	3
It is between Yong 'an Town ( ) and Anchang Town ( ) of An County , about from the former county seat of Beichuan .	4
The math script tag , added by Microsoft for Cambria Math , has been added to the specification .	5
For years , Senator Warren endorsed the slogan " corporations are not people , " in opposition to the Citizens United Supreme Court ruling .	3
In the western and central areas of the mountains it is formed from weathered granite .	5
impossible to escape the conviction that Chap .	5
" Ildo Augusto Dos Santos Lopes Fortes	6
The earl promised to do all he could in the matter .	5
In 2006 , she became president of Inner Circle , an organization of journalists which fundraises for charities .	7
Arnold 's stressed that society needed engineers who could form and justify their own thoughts .	7
Kate Seredy died March 7 , 1975 , in Middletown , New York , at the age of 75 .	4
Mass submission of false feedback becomes less likely and easy to detect in case of paper-based submission .	7
The main sub-branches deriving from the Malaspinas of Mulazzo were :	6
This was the defending NBA Champions Golden State Warriors ' second consecutive trip to the NBA Finals and eighth overall .	3
As Newly , however , he was clearly one of the " good guys " in the same tradition as James Arness as Matt Dillon .	3
They cite the research that shows improved health and economic benefits for this policy .	7
For example , say one wishes to find the sum of the first eleven values .	6
They had a son and a daughter .	4
was released on DVD in region 4 .	3
In 2006 , the Chinese Cricket Association outlined its goals as : -	3
He served as chairman of the board of regents of the South Carolina State Hospital .	7
The school is affiliated with Tanzeem ul Madaris Ahle Sunnat Pakistan .	7
On the property are seven contributing buildings , four contributing sites , and one contributing structure .	3
There were also plans to use the moor as a dump for colliery waste in 1978 , when Thorne Colliery was upgraded and reopened .	7
Scouting was founded in British East Africa in 1910 and became a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1964 .	6
The club currently runs a range of events on a yearly schedule .	4
Now Parramatta had the chance to snatch victory through Mick Cronin 's conversion attempt .	6
Complete results and results for junior and youth competitions were published .	7
He took six months to recover from the injury .	4
This final transaction occurred in 1840 and it was then that the area now known as Mannington had its genesis .	7
He was a friend and correspondent of the leading literary figures of his time in France and Italy .	7
Main groups contesting in the elections were :	5
The grand wedding ceremony lasted for three months in 1904 .	3
Daniel Collins is fictional character that appeared on the 1960s ABC daytime soap opera " Dark Shadows " .	5
There are prominent slopes near the ocean , featuring also diverse environments , such as restinga vegetation , bays , lagoons and tropical forests .	6
He became one of the most enduring enemies in Batman 's rogue 's gallery .	7
This is a list of characters in the anime / manga series Air Gear .	7
The village has a population of 372 .	4
Both were largely successful , with the first released in early 2007 and the latter released in the fall of 2007 .	7
Hess is also the author of the " Education Week " blog Rick Hess Straight Up .	5
According to one account , the place was " a mad house and a hell hole " .	3
He is best known for participating in various television channels for telenovelas such as Telemundo , RCN Televisión , Caracol Televisión and TV Azteca .	6
He was educated at Eton College and Trinity College , Cambridge , where he was the first Footlights Vice President .	5
The scenic cliffs that line the New River Gorge are popular for rock climbing .	6
Proposing that the Ornithischia and Theropoda were sister groups also meant that a new name was needed for the clade combining them .	7
Other side Rano ( Rajveer 's sister ) falls in love with Gabroo who met her when Simran and Rano go out for searching Rajveer .	7
" Wrongdoers " garnered critical acclamation by music critics at such publications as " Alternative Press " , " Decibel " , " Exclaim ! "	3
The war was a decisive ideological struggle in Lusophone Africa , surrounding nations , and mainland Portugal .	3
Bruce Lloyd , AM ( born 24 February 1937 ) is an Australian retired politician .	6
Centers from one set cannot be exchanged with those from another set .	6
There he took part in meetings till his death , on 3 October 1690 .	3
Astrocytes seem to utilize reuptake mechanisms for a neuroprotective role .	6
National Dance Institute ( NDI ) was founded in 1976 by New York City Ballet principal dancer Jacques d 'Amboise .	7
Napoli won 4 – 0 on aggregate .	4
Wądzyn ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Retrieved March 2 , 2015 , from http : / / www.perseus.tufts.edu / hopper / text ? doc = Perseus : text : 1999.04.0063 : entry = cista-cn	3
Much of Dieterich 's work involved research of traditional beliefs , mythology and religion of the Greco-Roman world .	7
The Miss Chinatown USA pageant , based on Chinese communities within the U.S. , greets delegates around the country .	5
Many early Chinese seamen settled in several European port cities and established several communities .	5
It was established in 1943 , the first of its type .	4
CNN has made archival files of much of the day 's broadcast available in five segments , plus an overview .	5
The show awarded prizes to audience members determined by how the celebrities finished .	5
The street is officially designated as part of the A420 due to the blockage of the High Street to normal traffic .	4
The nucleophilic attack compounds may be alkoxides , thiolates , amines , and ammonia ( at elevated pressures ) .	3
Several observations suggest that type I IFN is involved in the pathogenesis of inflammatory myopathies .	6
It is a primarily residential district developed in the late-19th and early-20th century .	6
There are metrics being developed to measure the effectiveness of testing .	7
Some historians now believe that there are no existing original products of the Wiener Werkstätte Furniture division .	5
As Jacobo Quintanilla underlines it : " humanitarian actors too , are finally adopting some of these tools ( i.e .	4
Gruen graduated from the High School of Commerce in New York City .	6
There is a director 's authorized version re-mastered from his original 16mm color film footage .	7
In 1996 , the song was covered by Christ Analogue for the electro-industrial various artists compilation " Operation Beatbox " .	3
Wind direction and speed remains steady .	5
On the next night ( 9 June ) they demolished a railway bridge on the Aurillac-Maurs line .	4
It was consecrated on 21 May 1950 .	3
During the 1960s , Hollingsworth taught illustration at the High School of Art & Design on in Manhattan .	5
His career started in 1945 when he began to work as an assistant for a production company called Filmitaito .	7
Nesting takes place in early winter months .	3
The main marriage was called " Kuswera " .	3
SDHA contains the FAD binding site where succinate is deprotonated and converted to fumarate .	6
Handley has the distinction of bearing a name like no other town in the United States .	6
Some Banks fishing schooners such as Bluenose also became famous racers .	7
Using knowledge gained from developing the MINI .	6
173rd Airborne Brigade paratroopers secure NATO missile-defense sites	5
Squad for the 2019 World Men 's Handball Championship .	5
The castle was sold in 1720 to Louis IV Henri de Bourbon-Condé who resold it in 1767 to Louis XV .	5
The show is available as part of the TWIT.tv network .	4
Carroll County Airport covers an area of 51 acres ( 21 ha ) at an elevation of 1,206 feet ( 368 m ) above mean sea level .	5
During the first season , the best results were three fourth places .	3
Tábara Arriba is a municipality ( " municipio " ) of the Azua province in the Dominican Republic .	3
Because of modernity , many of them now live in brick house that have tiled roof or those with iron sheets .	7
Each word awarded $ 100 ; if the talking player said all of them , the team immediately won $ 2,000 and the prize .	6
" Yudhoyono " comes from the words " yuddha " -meaning " battle , fight " ; and " yana " , meaning " journey " .	5
The settlement has a population of 19 .	4
Some even incorporate electronic flashing lights .	3
Since 1979 he taught writing at the University of Pittsburgh .	5
Record : 1 – 1 – 1 ; Home : 0 – 1 – 0 ; Road : 1 – 0 – 1	3
In 1937 , Choe started to write articles supporting Japan 's aggression against China .	7
Proof theory is the study of formal proofs in various logical deduction systems .	3
Henighan revisited that article in 2015 .	3
The council did not include Western bishops or Roman legates , but it was accepted as ecumenical in the West .	5
Mid and hind tibia slightly fringed with hair on outer side .	7
Pressed products can sometimes be identified by the trademark of the letter " A " with a crow flying through it .	7
The operation focused on recapturing the Sijariya neighborhood seized on Friday .	7
Members are referred to as " Thetas , " " Thetans , " " TAPs , " or " Taffies . "	3
Zduny ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Luyster writes , " The simplicity of the Backus house contrasts pleasantly with the verandahs and asymmetric forms of the surrounding buildings . "	6
A very old irrigation system made up from stone gutters constantly brings water from a spring situated in the Kerċem part of the valley .	7
On 16 October 2010 , he scored his first Serie A goal against AS Roma at the Stadio Olimpico , while Genoa lost 2 – 1 .	4
The 1925 German football championship , the 18th edition of the competition , was won by 1 .	5
Only in recent times have a few Serbian and Montenegrin historians with less ideological baggage attempted to engage with the events .	7
They are made by the Italian-Dutch company Perfetti Van Melle , which also manufactures Mentos and Chupa Chups .	6
The Romans knew it as " Tifernum Tiberinum " ( " Tifernum on the Tiber " ) .	3
The piece is attributed to no author .	3
These rooms had at first a profane usage , later they were used as burial place and finally as a cistern .	3
At a later date the company purchased additional lots to increase the carnival area .	6
At the same time , the DPD officer was cleared of any wrongdoing .	3
Jadamowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
18-pounder carried 374 of the 41 / pound size bullets .	7
Some of the well-known books published by PIDE	5
135 Wing was based at B.77 Gilze-Rijen airfield in the Netherlands .	4
At the time of his death , his Arizona headquarters was with its own airfield .	4
The club returned to senior competition in 1886 and struggled to make its mark .	5
The amendment also reduced the term length from seven to five years .	3
" Oneonta State Red Dragons women 's soccer	6
Roe started and contributed often for the 2008-2009 Michigan State basketball team , averaging 18 minutes a game on the national runner-up Spartans .	7
This state program permits high school students to take courses , at local higher education institutions , to earn college credits .	4
There will be ten questions full of clues announced by Tim .	7
Rail passenger service ended in 1931 .	4
To me , the constitution now means nothing because it can be changed at any time . "	4
Raven Cliff Falls is formed by Dodd Creek , a modest size mountain stream .	6
" Sound of the Underground " , Girls Aloud 's debut single , was released on 16 December 2002 .	5
Vedder 's songs written for the film feature a folk sound .	5
Forty-two species have been recorded in North Dakota .	3
[ [ File : Female Spicebush Swallowtail Megan McCarty07.jpg | thumb | Spicebush swallowtail ( " [ [ Papilio troilus ] ] " ) ] ]	3
They had three sons and a daughter .	4
It borders Uganda on the southern slopes of Mount Muhavura .	4
The research contained within this theme represents a useful resource for practitioners who grapple with intellectual property ethics and issues .	7
First line between Hyderabad and bezwada constructed .	5
Each member co-owns the cooperative and has one vote .	4
Out of the 18 preliminary tournament winners , only Kanai 5d made it to round 3 .	3
Explorer 3 was launched in conjunction with the International Geophysical Year ( IGY ) by the U.S. Army ( Ordnance ) into an eccentric orbit .	5
At the upper basin , the river is mainly surrounded by beech trees and beneath these grow bilberries , Cornish heath , sedges and luzulas .	3
Highways that have portions running in or near Denver include :	7
Most significantly , the ceiling was restored to its former Bodlian watercolour design , the original having been painted over in the 1960s due to deterioration .	5
The Arabs then quickly seized Gor , Kazerun and Siraf , while Yazdegerd III fled to Kerman .	4
But Bheem and his team caught Shatadhanwa while he was fleeing .	4
Actress Ashleigh Brewer was cast as older sister Kate Ramsay .	4
An apparent distance theory evidently was first clearly described by Cleomedes around 200 A.D .	5
loans department at People ’ s Bank .	4
Eddie Cantor talked to Davis in the hospital about the similarities between the Jewish and black cultures .	7
The borderlines amongst these fields , and the lines separating mathematical logic and other fields of mathematics , are not always sharp .	7
It has few or none interstitial lirulae .	5
In 1937 , John Albright sailed on her as a young seaman .	3
The Deutsche Gesellschaft für Ur- und Frühgeschichte e.V .	3
Relations continued under the Moroccan ruler Mulay Ismail .	6
The film stars Eddie Quillan , Charles " Chic " Sale , Charlotte Henry , John Miljan , Marjorie Gateson and Pierre Watkin .	3
They go to the ranch and attempt to help Natty .	5
By the early 19th century his faculties began to fail , and intrigues arose at court while chaos reigned in the land .	6
He is financed by Samir Jain , who belongs to the famous Jain-cum-Agarwal business family from Meerut .	6
" V 1509 Rau II " was sunk in the English Channel off Cap d 'Antifer by enemy action on 5 June 1944 .	3
At least one , usually two , and very rarely all three anchored the program on a given night .	4
For every 100 females , there were 89.9 males .	3
The original castle was destroyed at some point in the Second War of Independence , possibly in 1336 .	5
Compression ratio is 11.5 : 1 and maximum engine speed is 7200 RPM .	7
ProjectScotland provides 16 to 30 year-olds , living in Scotland , an opportunity to volunteer with a charity .	6
Titles are in Spanish or Arabic languages , as well as names of the band and album are also written in Arabic .	5
He had started the season hitting .365 in 27 games .	7
The museum has an extensive collection of European and American art .	6
He later received a Master 's in Journalism from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism .	4
Job opportunities available in the Hospitals ( Government or Private ) , private consultation companies .	6
Jamshid Zokirov died of cancer on April 7 , 2012 , in Tashkent .	3
He accused Aristobulus of making incursions in nearby countries and being responsible for piracy at sea and that this caused a revolt .	7
Andrews is the author of " Herbs of the Northern Shaman " published by O-Books and Hummadruz and a Life of High Strangeness .	7
The Name of the Rose may refer to :	4
In 2009 , the school district was rated " academically acceptable " by the Texas Education Agency .	3
The Cheshire Building Society was a building society based in Macclesfield , Cheshire , England .	5
At the time , Jeffrey was criticised for poor results but his discoveries , particularly of conifers , were significant .	3
The hurricane maintained Category 4 status until September 7 as it tracked towards the northwest .	5
Addiction Recovery , Diet and Food Issues , etc . ) .	3
Nujoma responded by accusing Smith of " blackmail " and dishonesty .	7
To push an off-balance opponent out of the " dohyō " from behind ( " rear push out " ) .	3
Within a few decades the Drammen Line was serving the Vestfold Line , the Randsfjorden Line and the Sørlandet Line .	3
Arjuna informs Yudhishthira of Vyasa 's advise .	5
1909 – 10 Northern Rugby Football Union season	6
In 2006 , Norsan took over the station and made plans to move the transmitter closer to the metropolitan area .	7
However , the decision to move to Vocaloid 3 and issues with English pronunciation delayed the release .	7
Casaus and Payne would later sever their partnership and collide in a series of matches with the UCW title on the line .	6
In the main hall huge columns rise to the ceiling and at each side a staircase winds up to the second floor " .	4
The first project of CECOSESOLA was a funeral home .	4
It turned out that the " wild man " was a prince who 'd been sold into slavery as a child .	5
During the breeding season , which generally spans from November to March , the female fish lays multiple batches of 30 – 1,300 eggs .	5
The pillars , roofs and floors were made of wood .	4
As a human , Pam was wild for her times and was romantic , and bold .	3
Incarceration creates more debt towards the individual than aid to society .	6
In eighth grade - 74 % of pupils demonstrated on grade level writing skills .	6
, two species are listed as endangered species by the IUCN and two are considered vulnerable .	3
Below , the vegetation is dominated by exotic flora , including strawberry guava ( " Psidium littorale " ) , eucalyptus ( " Eucalyptus " spp .	4
Chmiel is a Polish surname and toponym ( meaning hops ) , it may refer to :	3
In the end , the bomb is discovered where it was least expected — in the pilot 's chart case .	5
Żarnowiec is a village in Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	3
( Bologna 1988 ) " A Vision of Europe " , Alinea Ed . , ( Florence , 1992 ) " Garden Cities .	3
Out Teach works with low-income schools to get teachers using the outdoors for hands-on lessons , often referred to as garden-based learning .	6
Paola started swimming at the age of 5 with the Briarcliff Manor Summer Swim Team .	7
A civil war had broken out in Lebanon in 1975 , and both Israel and Syria undertook military action within Lebanon in 1982 .	5
Its administrative headquarters is in the city of Irrua .	3
She is a water ballerina and co-founder of the contemporary water ballet company Wet Hot Beauties , and current president of the New Zealand Writers Guild .	7
He won the award for Best Director at the 28th Hochi Film Award for " Warabi no kō " .	6
The following demographic statistics are from the " CIA World Factbook " , unless otherwise indicated .	3
Defodon praised the inspectorate as a French tradition that made use of women 's distinctive maternal talents .	7
Nevertheless , Vietnam still has a remnant ethnic Chinese community .	3
The Solution team used a variety of methods ranging from automated algorithms to micro-tasking .	7
The county built the jail due to the aftermath of the early 1980s Alberti lawsuit .	7
You know your boys are runaways . "	4
" Stonestreet : Who Killed the Centerfold Model ? "	4
One version of this theory says that it was originally known as " salsa mahonesa " in Spanish , but that spelling is only attested later .	4
The box contained a copy of the " Autobiography of a Yogi " by Paramahansa Yogananda .	5
Still intent on finding her lost love , Da Lang , Bao Zhu is resistant to Xue Hai 's advances .	7
The weapon suite of the " Combattante III " s will remain unchanged .	4
The Bulgarian Air Force received a total of 224 MiG-21 aircraft .	5
On 8 April 2015 , CAF President Issa Hayatou announced Gabon as the replacement hosts following votes by the CAF Executive Committee .	3
Mira is a star in the constellation Cetus	3
Munster 's Connie Keane was the Railway Cup top scorer with 3-01 .	4
Both cuprous and cupric oxides are known .	5
" Per Artem ad Deum Medal	5
The stone statues depict moustached warriors wearing belts from which their weapons are suspended .	7
It contained local and general news .	5
The production is mostly handled by Kno , with contributions from Blue Sky Black Death and J-Zone .	6
One of the consequences of the sentiment was that many German-sounding placenames were changed .	7
Guay Park in west Glenwood is the home of a war memorial honouring St. Vital residents who died in World Wars I and II and in Korea .	6
Before it could open , a draw span bridge over the Patuxent River would have to be built below Bristol .	4
Sickness was seen as something that Guksu came to take away and to carry back to the south .	7
Aquarium : open from 9 : 00 until 20 : 30 .	4
They decide to try to join Todd 's gang .	6
Jobs also worked with his team to come up with the phrase , " Local Integrated Software Architecture " as an alternative explanation for the Apple Lisa .	6
From the assembler , the assembled line moves via the " first elevator " to the " justification vise " .	3
This is a list of the episodes of the shōjo anime series " Kimi ni Todoke " , directed by Hiro Kaburagi and produced by Production I.G .	6
Produced and mixed by Richard Warren .	4
Cummings in which he criticized his society 's need for conformity .	5
Bergesen would also acquire the other vessel from Gotaas-Larsen A / S .	3
Between 2013 and 2014 , further epidemics occurred in French Polynesia , Easter Island , the Cook Islands , and New Caledonia .	4
The median age was 31 years .	3
Spain lost its overseas colonies in the New World to America in the Spanish – American War ( 1899 ) .	4
The film stars Wesley Snipes , Nastassja Kinski , Kyle MacLachlan , Ming-Na and Robert Downey Jr ..	3
There have been differences in opinion on who should be given the credit for designing " Rocket " .	6
He transformed himself from a dapper academician artist into a sort of prince of vagabonds .	5
It lies approximately south-east of Gietrzwałd and west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
In 1947 , he left vocational school in Bila Tserkva with qualifications as a carpenter .	3
He won a majority of the counties and congressional districts in the state .	5
Mayonnaise is used commonly around the world , and is also a base for many other chilled sauces and salad dressings .	5
The company was planning to build a $ 2 billion pulp mill in the Tamar Valley , near Launceston .	6
Duel Monsters episodes ( season 5 )	3
The original members were Liam Cody , Chris Tomkins , Jo Stanley and Samantha Stone .	3
The Turkish Weightlifting Federation itself had been suspended by the IWF for " repeated anti-doping violations " until May 2006 .	3
Many families of those killed in the line of duty get support from BackStoppers , a local charity .	7
Copper Culture State Park is a Wisconsin state park in Oconto , northeastern Wisconsin .	4
In 1985 , County Dublin was divided into three " electoral counties " , with " Dublin – Fingal " as the northern one .	3
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 .	5
ETPS is run by the MoD and defence contractor QinetiQ under a long-term agreement .	5
The median age was 43 years .	3
Especially in Germany , trained brewmasters consider the presence of tannins as a flaw .	4
Based on the Köppen climate classification , this vicinity is located in a subarctic climate with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers .	3
These names define kinship relationships that influence preferred marriage partners and may be associated with particular totems .	6
Trains were intended to be used offensively and could carry troops , weapons and supplies .	6
The station will serve the neighbourhoods of Kilpauk and Chetput .	5
Cattle were originally distributed from the research station to local African farmers , but white farmers soon became interested in the breed which afterwards became very popular .	7
Notable people with the surname include :	4
Mikołeska ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tworóg , within Tarnowskie Góry County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
Savage worked for several years in Cape Coast in the Gold Coast ( modern Ghana ) as a government physician and as a private practitioner .	3
The girls volleyball team won ten consecutive state titles in Class A-2 ( now 3A ) from 1984 to 1993 .	3
" The Middle " premiered in the U.S. on September 30 , 2009 , on ABC .	3
The Big Ten 's consensus All-American was :	5
He also designed posters for many Rolling Stones tours , namely the European tours of 1970 and 1973 , and the American tour of 1972 .	7
Blastocyst implantation will occur during the second week of fetal development in the endometrium of the uterus ; the epiblast is dorsal and the hypoblast is ventral .	4
" Mount Olive Missionary Baptist Church ( Mobile , Alabama )	7
They show the body to Rolf who runs towards Adam 's house with a flashlight .	7
From 1975 to his death in 1980 he was the chief executive officer of Schibsted .	4
Stock says DeMille " establish the stereotypes of Richard and Saladin that subsequent films would repeat … " .	6
At its broadest definition , it is a universalist ideology for all women , regardless of color .	3
Ilves Wins the 1936-37 SM-Sarja championship .	4
Hansen competed for Denmark at the 1968 Summer Olympics in the welterweight division but lost his first match .	4
After he took over he coached the Hatters to 13 wins in their final 21 games in his first year .	3
" International Union for Physical and Engineering Sciences in Medicine	5
The writer alluded to as much in a letter , in which he stated he wished to depict war through " a psychological portrayal of fear . "	7
Frontal lobe impairment may play a part in the causation ( Orrell et al . , 1989 ) .	6
Valley also has control problems with Tim Drake 's partnership , emphasized when Valley almost strangles him to death and bans him from the Batcave .	6
Copenhagen expired , Toutouh signed for AGF on 4 October 2018 .	4
In his account , the realism of advertising promotes a way of life based on private consumption , rather than social , public achievement .	5
although R has lexical scoping by default , function scopes can be changed	4
Some of his works have been released by NMC Recordings : John Casken on NMC	5
It was estimated that about 500 people were in attendance , although Hannan had hoped for a crowd of several thousand .	6
The Cadastral municipalities are Edengans , Grünau , Kleinreichenbach , Kottschallings , Lichtenberg , Markl , Matzlesschlag , Meires , Rafings , Waldberg , Willings and Windigsteig .	3
He added that Miracle Valley 's annual payroll was $ 84,000 .	5
SPRINTER equipment includes 12 light rail Diesel multiple unit passenger trains .	7
In 1950 , the Red Scare came to Keyser .	3
Howard openly discussed having experienced post-partum depression .	4
It lies approximately west of Rybnik and west of the regional capital Katowice .	7
In medieval times , nobles in Lithuania with power of judging like Danielewicz were called " barones " according to Jan Długosz .	6
With the Hot & Cold line made of stainless steel SIGG offers a	7
She attended Cicero-North Syracuse High School in New York , and graduated from the University of California , Berkeley with a bachelor 's degree in physics .	5
During this time , he worked as a warm-up act on the Channel 4 TV show " The Show " .	3
On 19 April 2016 , Bishop served as host for a comedy gig at the Royal Albert Hall in aid of Teenage Cancer Trust .	6
" Call My Name ( Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark song )	5
The Bartlett beamformer is a natural extension of conventional spectral analysis ( spectrogram ) to the sensor array .	3
Wuertz has been a resident of Oradell .	3
Level 1 - 15 seconds	5
Since then she had carved out an impressive career , first at the BBC with programmes such as " Adam Adamant Lives ! "	7
Sverige – Sovjet was a television entertainment programme .	3
The population density was .	3
identified the three potential forms of enemy attacks , air raids , bombardment from the sea or invasion .	7
These could ( and did ) kill drivers who attempted to ram through them .	6
" Princess Holiday " enjoyed high sales , charting five times in the national sales ranking of bishōjo games .	7
In 1841 , Joseph Samuda published " A Treatise on the Adaptation of Atmospheric Pressure to the Purposes of Locomotion on Railways " .	6
Levy concurs , adding that " cruelty to them was forbidden . "	6
Modigliani spent his youth in Italy , where he studied the art of antiquity and the Renaissance .	5
This supercomputer works on open source OS with OpenMosix and Oscar .	6
In particular , contrary to the later , domed churches of the pogost , the first ones had pyramidal roofs .	4
The genus " Piper " contains between 1000 and 2000 species .	5
73 Mansion is a two-and-a-half-story frame house on a painted brick foundation sided in clapboard with decorative shingles and painted trim .	6
Hudheifa marched south-west to the mountainous region and subdued the local tribes .	4
In 1920 , director Laurence Trimble persuaded Murfin to purchase a German Shepherd dog — Strongheart — that became the first major canine film star .	5
The new theme was recorded with an orchestra at Capitol Records in Hollywood , featuring Los Angeles Philharmonic lead trumpet player Tom Hooten .	7
Manchester Openshaw was a parliamentary constituency centred on the Openshaw district of Manchester .	5
As to form , a discourse may be either a formal , or set , sermon ; a homily ; or a catechetical instruction .	3
On November 10 , Tamura defeated Kyoko Inoue and Mima Shimoda in a three-way elimination tournament final match to win the vacant titles for the fourth time .	4
And then they turn into bespectacled priests who ram a huge graveyard cross into a hapless soldier 's mouth .	6
Since 2004 , he has been editor of the journal " Environmental Reviews " .	3
In the state legislature , Indianola is in , and .	3
They became the first team to reach an FA Cup final without playing at home .	6
In the United States , operational " Secret " information can be marked with an additional " LIMDIS " , to limit distribution .	3
NBC first offered a Saturday evening newscast in 1961 , with Sander Vanocur anchoring the " NBC Saturday Night Report " .	5
The St. Paul 's Viaduct was built in 1928 and determined structurally deficient .	4
The network is owned by the government of Qatar .	4
The " Yorktown " torpedo planes missed with all of their ordnance .	5
To reach high levels of condensed tannins common sainfoin should be sown in pure culture .	6
IK Gauthiod 22 17 3 2 48-21 54 Promoted	7
The population density was .	3
However , Jamie Annerson would later be released by manager Steve Evans due to Shearer 's arrival .	4
Weeklies including " City Pages " and monthly publications such as " Minnesota Monthly " are available .	7
Hepatic lipase falls under a class of enzymes known as hydrolases .	6
Conformational changes in the extracellular loops modulate the surface of OpcA , which could affect the proteoglycan binding site .	6
Songs written by Greenwood / Turner except noted	6
Numerous subsequent Royal Charters over the centuries confirmed and extended the citizens ' rights .	7
It still retains the latter two among wooden coasters , and its length of continues to be recognized by the " Guinness Book of World Records " .	6
The Tokwane River is a river in southeastern Zimbabwe .	3
Soon , she and Sotiris consummate their relationship but he breaks it off since he believes Stella is the future wife of his brother .	6
The headquarters of UGAFODE are located at 62 Silva Arcade , Bombo Road in the central business district of Kampala , Uganda 's capital and largest city .	6
The bill passed in the House , 250 – 170 – 12 , on September 29 , 2006 .	3
The village has a population of 520 .	4
If bought separately , this software would have cost more than the entire hardware and software package together .	5
This was Gardiner 's first uremic convulsion .	3
The large arcades on the sides are reminiscent of the Roman aqueducts .	4
2012 - Spiral Earth Debut album award - nominee < br >	5
Joan K. Copjec is an American philosopher , theorist , author , feminist , and prominent American Lacanian psychoanalytic theorist .	3
where " n " is an integer , ranging over all positive and negative values .	6
However , he chose to keep his method secret .	4
This includes the costs of setting up local firms to assemble the aircraft and manufacture spare parts .	7
Parwez to argue that slavery was never compatible with the commandments of the Quran and is in fact outlawed by Quranic Law .	6
" Boavista Futebol Clube Timor Leste	5
The World Trade Organization has emerged as a key figure in the allocation of water in order to protect the agricultural trade .	5
United Heavy Machinery or Uralmash-Izhora Group , ( , OMZ ) is a large Russia-based international heavy industry and manufacturing conglomerate .	5
IEC TC 57 has created a family of international standards that can be used as part of the smart grid .	7
The combination of tax cuts and an increase in defense spending led to budget deficits , and the federal debt increased significantly during Reagan 's tenure .	6
Nelson initially balked but quickly caved in when Groves threatened to go to the President .	6
Moreover , plasmin which is formed in excess in hyperfibrinolysis can proteolytically activate or inactivate many plasmatic or cellular proteins involved in hemostasis .	6
The village has a population of 430 .	4
As the second highest office of state , the " custos urbis " was the king ’ s personal representative .	5
Saxifraga bryoides is a species of saxifrage known by the common name of mossy saxifrage .	7
Essential in this process , according to Thompson , is a change in our understanding of myth .	5
Mrs Gandhi subsequently lost this case which led to the Emergency being imposed in India	7
Undercapitalization may result from failure of a business to take advantage of these capital sources ,	7
Institutions providing religious education include madrassas , or seminaries , and maktabs , or primary schools run by the clergy .	6
President-General Stewart died in Liberia in 1964 .	3
It was renamed in 2007 after Jane Addams , the Nobel laureate and founder of the Settlement House movement in the United States .	7
The penestae of Thessaly also resembled the Spartan helots in another respect for they often rose up in arms against their lords .	4
Two monoids are said to be isomorphic if there is a monoid isomorphism between them .	6
Turnbull 's colony was abandoned after nine years of abusive conditions and the surviving colonists walked seventy miles to Saint Augustine seeking release from their indenture .	7
Since then he has had the pleasure of acting on stage and screen .	6
TVG improved fit and finish at the first prototype stage and decreases pilot manufacturing times .	7
Rowe belonged to a circle of writers which included Frank Fowler , William Wilkes and Sheridan Moore .	7
The air-defense system consists of FL-3000N surface-to-air-missiles and the Type 1130 CIWS .	4
" Daily Sports Women 's Tag Team Championship	5
When Modigliani died , twenty-one-year-old Hébuterne was eight months pregnant with their second child .	4
800 around the chapel commemorating Willibrord ’ s mission .	6
The song was also Ludacris 's biggest song to date , solo or featuring , since 2007 's " Glamorous " .	5
In particular , Kantorovich formulated fundamental results in the theory of normed vector lattices , which are called " K-spaces " in his honor .	4
NCEES develops and scores the FE , PE and SE exams for engineering licensure .	6
Umar wanted a decisive victory early in the campaign to boost the morale of his troops , while demoralizing the Persians .	5
The group started in 2006 in Ireland .	3
Tom invites him to stay at his house .	4
These arrangements can be seen in the engine today .	3
Following that all revenue went to Honeywell .	5
" 1999 – 2000 New Jersey Nets season	5
" Charlotte Adams ( Home and Away )	4
Meanwhile , some of the Count monologues reflect on the playwright 's remorse over his numerous sexual exploits .	4
It is known as the Signers Arc in Japan , and the Fortune Cup Duels in the United States .	5
the planet is effectively a giant rocky mantle .	3
The Tay road bridge opened in 1966 .	4
" 2012 Renault Clio Cup United Kingdom season	5
Tadeusz Sulimirski notes that the Sacae also invaded parts of Northern India .	5
The evolution of artillery quickly made these fortifications obsolete .	4
His father proceeded to tie him to a tree and trampled on all the puja materials collected by the children .	7
" Bath v Alston Holdings Pty Ltd	6
Hypotacha soudanensis is a species of moth in the family Erebidae .	3
Taki soon after married a man named Wasaburō .	5
Although any literate Muslim was able to prepare amulets , some persons gained reputations as being particularly skilled in prescribing and preparing them .	4
Franca Rame ( 18 July 1929 – 29 May 2013 ) was an Italian theatre actress , playwright and political activist .	4
It lies approximately south-east of Pisz and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Heidelberg station opened on 8 May 1888 , at the time when it was the terminating station , on what is now the Hurstbridge line .	3
Azrael has been confirmed to join the new Justice League team Justice League Odyssey in 2018 .	6
The village has a population of 280 .	4
Sharbazher is a town in Sharbazher District , Sulaymaniyah Governorate , Iraq .	3
Lekity ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The song was sung in Simlish for " " , an expansion pack for the strategic life simulation computer game , " The Sims 3 " .	5
Abdulrehman marched north to the Caucasus Mountains and subdued the tribes .	4
Keiji is voiced by Masakazu Morita in Japanese .	4
Despite his inexperience , he was the favorite in the Olympic 800 meter run , and he did not disappoint .	3
Early family names were " Smith , Stong , Shunk , Hoover , Burkholder , Muskrat , Snider , Brown , " and " Dalziel " .	3
Although controversial at first , the smaller end zone proved highly popular with players and was adopted league-wide in 1986 .	6
She enters the game , despite warnings from the receptionist and the GM .	5
The discipline of aerial straps was originally a Chinese specialty where athletes would perform intensely muscular tricks up and down the straps .	4
The Apostolic Nuncio to Monaco is the representative of the Pope and the Holy See to the Principality of Monaco .	5
" New York City Police Department Highway Patrol	7
It is only from the site of the first commercial oil well in the United States at Titusville , Pennsylvania .	3
On 31 January 2015 , ISIL released a video that showed Goto being beheaded .	5
" Centre pour la communication scientifique directe	6
A video game , titled , was released on December 1 , 2005 on the Nintendo DS .	3
Guided tours are offered by several operators , with the walk estimated to take approximately eight days to complete .	7
Imogen reports what she saw to Susan , which causes Gem to threaten her .	7
I knew I could have done more .	3
He was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2009 .	4
Kentucky Route 3549 is a rural secondary highway in central Owen County .	3
Bykovsky was to have commanded the original Soyuz 2 mission , which was cancelled due to problems with Soyuz 1 .	7
On Day 50 , he was evicted by the female housemates but returned to the house after receiving more save votes from the public .	6
In October 2004 , The Beast was given the Coaster Landmark Award by the American Coaster Enthusiasts club .	4
Currently there are 21 leagues with weekly fixtures , in addition a number of one day events are organised as well .	5
Prof Kaisheva has supervised 5 PhD students and over 20 MSc students at the Department of Physical Chemistry of Sofia University .	5
Henry immediately tried to regulate Frisian shipping and ignored the privileges granted to the town of Staveren .	7
The Blaze finished their inaugural season in eighth place at 4-10 , ahead of only the Florida Launch .	3
The three-song demo that emerged was released under the name Ghosts Vol zero .	4
In 2012 , the album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame .	4
Izzy Stradlin once again joined the band for a surprise performance at a wedding in Saint-Tropez , France in July 2012 .	3
The television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the United States and its territories .	6
France holds the tennis Grand Slam tournament Roland Garros .	7
1980s Phase I of Band II TV clearance	6
Pontoons may support a platform , creating a raft .	5
… Laura Lee , Cambria , and the Robey Mine Camps were all built .	5
Formally , two treaties with this name were signed : one on 11 July 2011 and one on 2 February 2012 .	4
Monsieur Balasubramanian , President of Assemblée Représentative , acted as presiding officer of the congress .	5
The show was number one in the talk show ratings since its debut .	5
He was dropped off alone at the corner of Westheimer Road and South Voss Road near the Uptown area of Houston .	6
Tak Trunkow , Syropow , Wodek , Likworzow , Konfitor , Win rozmaitych , Prochow , Soli z zioł czynioney ; Maści , Plastrow .	3
Gawrzyjałki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Simon Faeh ( sometimes listed as Simon Fäh , born 10 May 1982 ) is a Swiss sprint canoer who competed in the mid-2000s .	7
Nate and Lily begin to form a relationship .	4
The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Hampton , Virginia , United States .	7
As a result , the church was demolished , and a new church was built on the same site between 1891 and 1892 .	6
She has received a number of grants from the Canada Council between 1975 and 2009 .	7
They speak a dialect of Quechua known as Inga Kichwa .	6
The ' Pixie ' buddlejas grow to a height of 2 m and a greater width , with panicles of flowers 15 – 20 cm long .	4
Another water-activated battery had been invented by Susumu Suzuki of Total System Conductor .	5
The 2011 Census recorded the parish 's population as 204 .	4
He heavily dislikes Helen Morgan , who represents everything he dislikes .	6
He instituted the first bachelor 's and master 's degree programs .	5
I mean , he wanted nothing more than to have people leave him alone so he could enjoy his martini , you know ?	7
For cut scenes in video games , issues other than visual fidelity arise .	6
Rona died at his home in Bethesda , Maryland , on December 27 , 1997 , from hypertensive cardiovascular disease .	3
" Jacques-Antoine de Chambarlhac de Laubespin	4
Dalian Polytechnic University ( ) is a university in Dalian , Liaoning .	3
The company was founded in 1882 by C. Gustav Putsch as a forge .	3
Santa Monica Pier 100th Centennial Celebration	6
Brennan remained involved with Jobs while he was at Reed .	4
Tomica made a limited edition scale model of the MP – 1 .	4
Isotope separation occurred in the uranium hexafluoride gas between the nickel and copper pipes .	6
SBY succeeded Danish Prime Minister ( from 2009 to 2011 and since June 2015 ) , Lars Løkke Rasmussen , the previous GGGI Council Chair	5
Prior to 1977 Mortroux was an independent municipality .	5
דאָס האָט אַ פֿאָלק צווישן פֿאַלנדיקע ווענט	7
Next was the eldest son of the original chieftain ; then the oldest one of the brothers as the leader .	4
A blue or green color indicates the presence of tannins ( Evans , 1989 ) .	5
Exogenous substrates include guanethidine and MPP + .	5
Harron 's first stepmother , Virginia Leith , was discovered by Stanley Kubrick and acted in his first film , " Fear and Desire " .	5
The first structure that housed the church was located on Eighth Street .	5
Season 3 was the first televised season of " The Jack Benny Program " to air on a regular schedule , appearing once every four weeks .	4
His best-known characters are " Belphégor " , " Judex " , " Mandrin " , and " Vidocq " .	3
Santa Cruz hosted the Palarong Pambansa from May 4 – 10 , 2014 .	3
Reconstruction projects were routinely approved by the parliament , so the navy officially " rebuilt " " Prinz Eugen " and her sister ships .	4
In 1996 , Englishwoman Nicola Perrin ( née Dollimore ) and Hungarian Istvan Torda died due to violent flooding in the cave .	4
She had a tonnage of 1,123 gross tons , or 900 tons burden .	6
There were 34 ( 9.2 % ) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships , and 4 ( 1.1 % ) same-sex married couples or partnerships .	5
In the form stated here , the splitting lemma does not hold in the full category of groups , which is not an abelian category .	5
was released on the " Walt Disney Animation Studios Short Films Collection " Blu-ray on August 18 , 2015 .	6
In the academic sphere , Nelly Ognyanova is Doctor in Law , Doctor Habilitatus in Political Science , Professor at Sofia University .	3
Alucita punctiferella is a moth in the family Alucitidae .	3
Each marker is painted red to symbolise the Flanders poppy , as well as the blood of supreme sacrifice .	5
DeRose was born February 3 , 1980 in Cicero , Illinois , where he lived until moving to the nearby town of North Riverside .	6
The Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta mountain range is located on the Caribbean Sea and is shared with the departments of Magdalena and Cesar .	6
Leleszki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
On Monday 12 May , Isabel Carrasco , president of the provincial government of Leon and member of the PP , was shot dead in the street .	7
Under Ottoman rule , in Ottoman Turkish , Crete was called " Girit " ( ) .	3
The advantage of text editors is that they present exactly the information that is stored in the XML file .	6
Teegarden began starring in The CW science fiction romantic drama " Star-Crossed " as Emery Whitehill .	6
Hence , this is a popular venue for bird watchers .	3
The peasants sent petitioners to St. Petersburg , but those were arrested and punished , and a military corps was sent to suppress the uprising .	5
Though he may be the MC of these events , he often gets upstaged whenever Ultra Rare appears .	5
Sponge Cola became the first Philippine band to release its new album in mp3 and mp4 format .	7
Here some word spoken in Punan :	5
The film premiered on NBC-TV in the United States on December 13 , 1966 .	5
The next year , a Royal Commission into the meat industry investigated mislabelling of meat products , which included forged halal certificates .	6
Rivers originating on the Eastern Ghats include :	5
This means players that have played 100 or more official matches for the club .	7
He wants to be the Protector of all animals in the jungle ( seen in the episode " Chutki 's Wish " ) .	6
During World War I , the French Navy purchased " Medea " and armed her with a 75mm cannon for use in convoy escort duty .	6
BW LPG specialises in transportation and floating storage services and operates in nine countries .	6
" Rivers State Road Traffic Management Authority	5
6 , on February 26 , 1990 .	3
In this version , the character is played by John Mills .	3
YouTube and EMI gave no reason for the reversal .	4
The U.S. is interested in a political change in Egypt , but that the US government won 't dictate the path which Cairo must follow . "	6
Thousands of others across the city experienced allergic reactions and asthma-like symptoms triggered by the storm .	5
Nonetheless , Worldvision sold portions of its catalog , including the Ruby-Spears and Hanna-Barbera libraries , to Turner Broadcasting System in 1991 .	5
The album reached # 8 on CMJ .	4
The original Library-Museum building was expanded several times , with major additions being completed in 1964 , 1971 , 1974 and 1992 .	5
He married at least three times .	5
According to the autopsy , Nisman died the previous afternoon and had an entry bullet wound on the right temple with no exit wound .	5
He was also a Groom of the Bedchamber to the Prince Consort .	3
Other foods renamed for political reasons include :	5
On 11 August , Groves phoned Warren with orders to organize a survey team to report on the damage and radioactivity at Hiroshima and Nagasaki .	7
In 2001 , she changed majors to CECS and released her first CD , " Walls , Boxes , & Jars . "	4
Ashton created more than eighty ballets .	5
The line-up was : Santiago Sesana ; Rossi , Silva ; Del Corro , Pausini , Felipelli ; Martínez , Toscano , Giudice , González , Coviello .	3
The Double Bay Ejector Station No .	5
The defense was willing to agree to a plea deal , provided that Lafave would not have to serve jail time .	6
Exchange energy of adjacent moments increases as the angle between the two moments increases .	4
Finally , in 1964 , the Department of La Guajira was created .	4
The village has a population of 23 .	4
In Egypt , a new capital city east of Cairo has been proposed .	4
There were 175 RAF personnel , posted to serve in the North African Campaign .	7
On 1 May 1961 , Q Battery transferred to 253 Field Regiment ( The Bolton Artillery ) .	4
It has an area of 324 km ² and a population of 133,625 at the 2006 census .	7
Local threats include essentially unsustainable fishing , hunting and agriculture techniques .	5
This contrasts with settlements that evolve in a more " ad hoc " fashion .	6
Production models varied in size and capacity .	5
With Brokaw being the sole anchor , the " Nightly News " was now compeletly based in New York City .	4
Cathepsin-D is an aspartic protease that depends critically on protonation of its active site Asp residue .	6
Barot was arrested on 3 August 2004 .	3
Minasyan began his coaching career as head coach of the Armenia U-21 youth national team in August 2004 .	6
When under care , patients must be treated in a way in which they can learn to trust the health care professionals .	7
This was her first recording sessions to be held outside the United Kingdom .	4
Later on , an entertainment center was named after Berríos , the Centro de Bellas Artes Ángel O. Berríos .	6
Notable people with the surname include :	4
Lara starts pursuing the cult , hoping to save her soul .	6
They were : Sarah Higbee , Thirza Cahoon , Keziah A. Morrison , Marinda N. Hyde , Abigail Allred , Mary Snider , and Sarah S. Granger .	3
It is possible that Wu Jin-Yuan , who was already an accomplished martial artist , helped Gao develop some of the Hou Tian sets .	7
The Zenden resisted his attempts to gather both spiritual and secular power in the valley .	7
Both are open daily without charge .	3
42.3 % of all households were made up of individuals and 16.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
He had brothers named Mulielealiʻi and Kalehenui .	6
In 1977 , Yves Saint Laurent Beaute launched Opium .	5
They manage to take back a large and beautiful tree , despite the arduous trek back home .	6
Later , Indian paediatricians , after studying the evidence from the field , wholeheartedly backed Bang ’ s initiative to save newborns .	5
His work is deeply perceptive , often outrageously funny and always compulsively readable . "	3
They formed part of the flight commanded by Nicholas Gresham Cooke .	7
The municipality was created on October 5 , 2001 , by the merger of the Parish and the Village of Saint-Damase .	5
It went in production by end May 2014 .	3
In the fourth quarter of 1999 , EMC Corporation began selling Precise products under the name Database ( DB ) Tuner .	5
Such curves can be used to minimise the problem of fatigue by lowering the stress at critical points in a component .	6
Miss Minchin seizes Becky and determines to have she Sara arrested .	6
Nadrowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The population density was .	3
He was interred in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park .	5
will be the methods used by the task force .	4
In 1961 he married and went to France to live in a cork oak forest .	6
However , after fitting the natural estimator of " γ " ,	7
It is generally much easier to read a document that is being rendered in some fashion than it is to read the raw XML code .	6
The following season the 2007 Apertura , he continued to be among the Argentine league top scorers with 13 goals .	6
She scored two game-winning goals against Iowa and San Francisco and tallied two assists in a win against Idaho State ) .	5
Pan evaporation measurements enable farmers and ranchers to understand how much water their crops will need .	7
The Vaslui River is a tributary of the Oltişor River in Romania .	3
The band appeared as the headlining act at Germany 's Party San , Swedish Nordic Rage , and LA 's Gathering of the Bestial Legions Festival .	5
Pandit lochan prasad pandey samiti district Archeology measum	7
Upazilas are Mirsharai Upazila , Sitakunda Upazila , Boalkhali Upazila , Patiya Upazila , Chandanaish Upazila , Satkania Upazila and Lohagara Upazila .	3
The watershed of Turtle Creek has an area of .	4
Wednesday , October 6 , 2010 – 5 : 07 pm ( ET ) at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania	4
" Opel Vectra GTS V8 DTM	5
Divergence from the " Manipravalam " school , through non-usage of Dravidian metre and Sanskrit grammatical forms , are noted .	6
In 2001 , Bruton joined the Canberra Cannons with his father , Calvin , as head coach .	3
The timber entrance doors and sidelights are also varnished , as are panelled timber front doors to each flat .	4
1980 Beyond Westworld ( TV Series ) ... Dianna Lionstar	5
He won the Blake Prize for Religious Art twice , in 1960 and again in 1977 ( shared with Rodney Milgate ) .	4
It was certified platinum five months later .	5
Between 404 and 405 , he was praetorian prefect of the East for a second time .	4
The chapter erected a limestone boulder with a bronze plaque at the well in 1914 to commemorate the site .	5
Full-time education is compulsory for all children aged between 5 and 15 .	6
Other troops died for various reasons after getting away and others left Mindanao entirely .	3
Kate Seredy ( November 10 , 1899 – March 7 , 1975 ) was a Hungarian-born writer and illustrator of children 's books .	5
The inquisitor 's first act was to forbid any open practice of the Hindu faith on pain of death .	7
Electric window lifts were used ( optional but rare on the TA22 GT ) but the TA22 GT 's optional air conditioning was not present .	5
The station will serve the neighbourhoods of Shenoy Nagar and Aminjikarai .	5
She ends up living in an antique shop called Yaoyorozudou with a girl called Yuzu .	7
Summary of WHA / NHL affiliation agreements :	6
Each mound features a stone plaque noting how many thousands of people are buried within .	7
The fifth and final novel , titled , was released on January 16 , 2004 .	3
Al Marri played for Qatar at the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Peru .	4
Goal of the Season may refer to :	4
Allen Jones was born in Bertie County ( later Halifax County ) , in colonial North Carolina .	3
Kukówko ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Olecko County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
He several times refers to them as living " beyond the River Araxes " , which flows through the Caucasus and into the west Caspian .	5
More practically and like most metal fluorides , it is prepared by treating the corresponding chloride with hydrogen fluoride :	6
At the time there was a pawnshop , a shoeshine business and a pornographic theatre ( The Galway Theatre ) at the location .	6
The movement may be positive or negative .	3
Colin follows her home where they argue violently , resulting in him murdering her in fury .	7
Upon her 1837 death in Exeter , she too was buried at the Winter Street Burial Ground .	4
Waring stated that there was no incubation period before the onset of McNeir 's illness .	7
She worked for the " Clearwater Sun " , the " Atlanta Journal-Constitution " , the " Dallas Times-Herald " , and the " Seattle Post-Intelligencer " .	3
That fact may be seen as follows .	3
Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 8 electoral votes .	5
A People Mover " mini transit center " was located underneath the entrance ramp for many years .	3
While Solanas was never able to produce her play , Harron was able to make her movie and was able to tell Solanas ' story .	7
Burma has an embassy in Manila and the Philippines maintains its embassy in ( Yangoon ) and later Rangoon .	4
It originates near the border of the districts Ayapata and Coasa .	6
The newspaper is distributed twice a month .	4
Rhein-Selz is a " Verbandsgemeinde " ( " collective municipality " ) in the district Mainz-Bingen in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .	3
Another feature introduced during Sawyer 's tenure was " Made in America " , a feature segment reported by David Muir , chronicling enterprising American companies .	6
• Accessing All Areas : interview in Planning , 11 June 1999	6
( According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , in 1934 the average hours worked each week was approximately thirty-four hours ) .	4
Unlike usual beef steak that has different degrees of doneness , Filipino bistek is always served well done .	6
The data on average temperature and rainfall amounts of Colonia Tovar month are :	7
Fulton subsequently suffered a torn pectoral muscle which ruled him out of action for several months .	5
Roger North 's elder brother Francis North , 1st Baron Guilford was the great-grandfather of Prime Minister Lord North .	5
Properly , a coarse structure is not the large-scale analog of a topological structure , but of a uniform structure .	3
The historic district is in size , and includes more than 100 historically significant buildings .	6
More positive affirmations of Stein 's sexuality began with her relationship with Alice B. Toklas .	5
Moretz lives in Studio City , Los Angeles .	5
( 1977 ) generalized the theory to allow for such a large number of goods as to form a smooth continuum .	7
He served in this position until 7 September 1947 .	3
These were grouped into two main categories : devices that lacked mobile phone capabilities , and those that included it .	7
The building dates from the 17th century and underwent renovations in the 19th century .	3
Finally , " The Gambler " was released on Rogers ' own Dreamcatcher Records in 2001 as part of the Kenny Rogers " Original Masters Series . "	5
The 2005 Tour was announced on 28 October 2004 .	3
The progenitor of order Phacopida is unclear .	4
People living here speak Nepali and Tibetan .	5
Characters share one discrete health meter exclusively in these versions , which grows from five hits to eventually eight as the game progresses .	5
In 1963 it was abolished and connected to Agdam Rayon .	4
Its former entrance building is heritage-listed .	3
Except match days when for ticket holders only a special price entry to the museum is available .	5
Although the Kennedy administration refused to grant U.S. diplomatic recognition to the new regime , the Johnson administration did so a year later " ” .	5
On July 21 in a game against Sky Blue FC she suffered a torn right MCL , which would require surgery and end her 2018 season .	6
The date of origin of this area is not known .	5
" Open educational practices in Australia	3
The local binding is performed by saving the original value in an anonymous location on the stack that is invisible to the program .	6
On November 22 , 2015 , they became the first group ever to successfully complete and dismantle a " 4 de 10 amb folre i manilles " .	7
He took his best innings bowling figures of 8 / 42 in the 1983 season against Worcestershire .	7
Both keepers called for volunteers to wade out into the surf .	5
However , its international gross was double either of the first two " Spy Kids " at $ 85.3 million .	4
Right before the song starts though , the melody changes from " O Haseena " to " Aaja Aaja " from the same movie .	3
The " Manual " is divided into nine titles :	3
The second ODI was the first international match played in Whangarei , held at Cobham Oval .	5
3139 ) , and commissioned at San Francisco , California on 12 July 1918 .	6
The usage of " long run " and " short run " in macroeconomics differs somewhat from the above microeconomic usage .	3
A thread is created by calling the codice _ 1 function .	6
He had already begun written a series of " Munch Bunch " books launched under the pseudonym Giles Reed a year previously .	7
Jonathan Sarna-Cultural Production / Near Eastern Judaic Studies	6
" List of Democratic Party of Italy politicians	5
In 1960 Keir initiated the role of Thomas Cromwell in the original theatrical production of Robert Bolt 's play " A Man for All Seasons " .	7
He spent most of his career playing for SC Rheindorf Altach .	7
The authorities in Berne disapproved of his pro-French activities and forced Laharpe to flee to France where he joined the army .	6
Each vessel had a crew that ranged from 400 to 440 officers and enlisted men .	6
Successful plays of Hamblin 's tenure included :	5
The specific name " acuminata " signifies acuminate i.e .	5
A promo video was made for the song mostly featuring Andy McCluskey singing the song in various locations .	7
Saturday 15 July 1950 Highbury Fleetwood Flyers v Glasgow Tigers ( NLD2 ) Rained Off	7
Fractional currency in denominations of less than ten cents was withdrawn .	7
They are materials that have properties that are intermediate between conductors and insulators .	7
Both the cathedral choir and The Schola are conducted by Ralph Morton , the cathedral 's organist and director of music .	6
The third specimen previously assigned to this genus represents either a second , as-yet unnamed species or a distinct , related genus .	5
With programs for children aged 6 to 15 , the group is part of Scouts Australia , and meets in a historic hall built in the 1930s .	6
The album was supported by the singles " Elvis Presley Blvd .	5
James Boaden was enthusiastic in her praise .	3
Ridgeley was initially known as St. Clairsville , named for Sir John St Clair , Lt Colonel and Quartermaster General for the British General Edward Braddock .	6
A polyglot , he traveled extensively , in particular in the Caribbean , Mexico and Central America where he studied Aztec monuments and collected butterflies .	6
David Lokonga Moses was appointed Governor on 24 December .	5
Löbnitz is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district , in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .	3
The presentation of his work at the Paris Exposition in 1867 brought it to a wide international audience .	4
Radiometric age determinations of the minette establish that these volcanic rocks solidified about 27 million years ago .	6
There were also difficulties with the leather cup seal on the pistons .	5
Early on in development , the adoption of several other engines was proposed , some of which were tested upon multiple prototypes .	5
Solutions that treat them as characters usually assign arbitrary Unicode values to them in the Private Use Areas ( PUA ) .	5
After this action , the French pursued as far as Codogno .	3
Some of the products produced or distributed by Explore Scientific include :	7
The first methods for finding out genetics used for DNA profiling involved RFLP analysis .	7
He unsuccessfully stood for the Labour Party in Glasgow Cathcart in the 1918 general election .	3
The Twickenham crowd had only seen one solitary England try in the previous two years , and at half-time against Ireland they were 0 – 3 down .	6
He also regains his Royal Paladin deck .	4
They lost to perennial powerhouse Harrisburg High .	5
His wife Elizabete is Portuguese .	3
Police suspected the Hizbul Mujahideen .	4
This gene encodes a cytoplasmic protein that forms one of the central hubs in the apoptosis regulatory network .	7
African-American children up to grade 6 continued to attend a segregated red brick school called Lincoln School on Church Street in Keyser .	7
For every 100 females , there were 102.2 males .	3
The time in which ground squirrel emerge from their hibernation also depends on different factors .	5
It has many beautiful & affecting passages .	5
During the years that followed , conflict escalated in Overijssel .	7
Johnson was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the seventh round ( 173rd overall ) of the 1993 NFL Draft .	3
Dr. George Brodie ( Losee ) , a friend of her husband 's whom she has not met , brings the body into the house .	6
Musical acts featured at the festival included :	5
The iris is rarely troubled by browsing by deer or rabbits .	5
Norman Hunter crossed the ball into the Liverpool penalty area from the left-hand side of the pitch .	4
It holds IAAF Gold Label road race status .	6
The colonel did not know when the attack would take place , but the men of USS " Michigan " were ordered to stay on high alert .	5
The Manitoba New Democratic Party has won every election in the constituency .	4
Kolélas , then Mayor of Brazzaville , was initially neutral .	5
The addition of a long distance phone connection allowed students and parents better communication .	7
Recognizing the lack of opportunities for Banabans in their homeland , the Rabi Council assisted the remaining population to move to Rabi after 1981 .	7
Nevertheless , Melfi wants to keep their relationship professional which she does for the entirety of the series .	7
The cave , which shows a polycyclic character in terms of its formation , has three different hydrological zones .	7
9256 and was to be observed every August 21 ( the anniversary of Aquino 's death ) .	7
Before the early 20th century , the area now designated West Elsdon was a marshy remnant of an ancient lake .	3
Notable people with the surname include :	4
All this suggests that a large part of the Swedish nobility rejected Sverker 's rule .	7
The lighthouse was constructed of limestone quarried from nearby Bunker Bay , which was also known as the " Quarries " .	5
The village has a population of 748 .	4
The use of tajani in battle was perfected by the Nihang who employed a particular formation to protect the chakram-wielder from harm .	6
In the next year , he entered the university again " " to calm mom " " and again he went down .	3
The Imperial army , although smaller , was not much better , and certainly not the battle-hardened army the Prussians had faced at Kolin .	5
She spent the winter doing warm weather training in South Africa .	7
Nuclei will stain dark blue , squamous cells will stain green and keratinised cells will stain pink / orange .	7
It lies approximately south-west of Świątki and north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
" 2000 United States presidential election in Kentucky	3
Now financially solvent for the first time , Panurge stops wearing his long codpiece and seeks advice about whom to marry .	6
The people who remain live primarily on fish and copra production .	6
Amateurs : McEvoy ( + 5 ) , Miller ( + 6 ) , Brodie ( + 7 ) , Godwin ( + 10 ) .	3
By 20 : 00 , TF 17 and Takagi were about apart .	4
In his last season , 1912 – 13 , he once again led the first-class wicket-takers , with 19 at 13.10 .	3
Lawrie won the playoff and the championship .	4
The remaining MiG-21 Bisons of the IAF are scheduled to be phased out by 2019 .	4
Wörrstadt is a " Verbandsgemeinde " ( " collective municipality " ) in the district Alzey-Worms , Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .	3
Previously it was known as Blake 's Corner Market and Whitstran Trading Company .	4
Rosenzweig , Cozzolino , Zampieri , García , Saga , Dusseldorp , Imperatori , Arundel , McKenzie , Ho and Chen completed the grid .	4
In 2010 the grandson of Lauritz Hansen , Peter , announced his retirement as chairman of the company .	5
Elodina angulipennis ( common pearl white ) is a butterfly in the family Pieridae .	4
His desk portraits of the writers and artists he most admired ; Lev Tolstoy , Ivan Turgenev , Peter Tchaikovsky , Dmitry Grigorovich , and Viktor Goltsev .	3
( マクロス ブイエフエックスツー , " Makurosu Biefu Ekkusu Tsu " ) , UNiT , Bandai Visual , CD-ROM	4
On the same day a fire broke out at the disaster site and authorities were forced to temporarily suspend the search for survivors .	6
The new Big East named Val Ackerman as commissioner on July 1 , but reckons her as its fifth commissioner .	3
of Transportation / FAA , Technical Center , ACD-210 , FAA X88 / 0 / 6FA / 921000 / 4104 / T1706D , FAA Res .	3
List of buildings designed by Ewart include :	6
It lies approximately east of Olsztynek and south of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
He received his bachelors and veterinary science degrees from University of Minnesota .	4
Emergence of Unicode emoji created a need for TrueType and OpenType formats to support color glyphs .	5
Kate pays Noah to give Sophie guitar lessons and Sophie organises a small gig at the Men 's Shed for him to say thanks .	6
Roger Federer defeated Richard Gasquet , 6 – 3 , 7 – 5 , 7 – 6	3
Pakistan is building the same type of dam called Neelum Jehlum Dam .	7
Influenced by the Hermannsburg School , Jugadai 's paintings reflect her " Tjuukurrpa " , the complex spiritual knowledge and relationships between her and her landscape .	6
Whitton has a Non-League football club Whitton United F.C .	7
Glentoran was the son of Herbert Dixon , 1st Baron Glentoran .	4
The Juno I had its origins in the United States Army 's Project Orbiter in 1954 .	6
There was little interest among film distributors in " The Quatermass Conclusion " , and it received only a limited theatrical release .	5
Chile is the world 's third major per capita consumer of mayonnaise and first in Latin America .	4
Gilbert Creek is located at ( 37.582191 , -81.902044 ) .	3
As he is pulled away , Angel maniacally screams death threats at Wesley , screaming : " " You 're a dead man , Pryce !	3
Pieczysko ( ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
( Hindi , Konkani , Kannada , Marathi , Oriya , Punjabi , Bengali , Malayalam , Tamil , Telugu , Bhojpuri , and Gujarati ) .	3
To be able to enjoy the last leg of what 's turned into a marathon .	7
10 School Authority and elected member of the Woodland County Council .	6
The castle was rebuilt in stone in the 12th century by the feudal power who was trying to stabilise the region , notably by preventing Norman pillaging .	6
Hale was born in 1958 in Tachikawa , Japan , where his father was serving in the United States Air Force .	6
Rasmussen later stated the claims were exaggerated .	4
Maps published on the Lebanese army website show different versions of the Lebanese southern border .	6
The team , which was started in 1833 , is generally accepted as the first cricket club exclusively for Americans .	5
Hugo Award for Best Series - 2018 Shortlist	5
With his tragedies , however , " Der neun- und-zwanzigste Februar " ( 1812 ) , and especially " Die Schuld " ( 1813 ; publ .	3
This is convenient if , for example , an intermediate value is needed for a computation .	4
Documents from the 1920s and 1930s indicate that inhabitants paid taxes to the Lebanese government .	5
Pedroso was heavily involved in activism .	3
There was also an incident of seven people being arrested for alleged vote rigging in Karachi .	7
In the meantime , having heard nothing from Fletcher , Crace deduced that TF17 had departed the area .	5
The surgical department included Mr John Crichton who remained associated with the hospital until 1860 .	6
It was one of the most heavily attended events in the stadium .	5
In 1982 , Non-Linear Systems organized a daughter company named the Kaypro Corporation .	5
There is a in campus canteen offering snacks and beverages .	6
Pompey ignored him , forbade the soldiers to obey Lucullus and marched to the front .	6
The hindwings are slightly darker than the forewings and more fuscous and sometimes with a slight purplish sheen .	3
Elisha H. Janes continued to practice after Leo 's death .	5
American International Pictures changed the hero 's name to " Emilius " and added a stop-motion animation sequence involving a dragon .	6
He also played fifteen first-class cricket matches in India and Pakistan , playing for Northern India followed by Punjab .	7
Wrocikowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
established a traffic sharing agreement with Monster.com .	6
At the international level , only the goods produced can move freely , with capital and labour trapped in countries .	5
Domenico di Pace Beccafumi ( 1486May 18 , 1551 ) was an Italian Renaissance-Mannerist painter active predominantly in Siena .	4
He has played in the Italian Water polo Serie A and has played in Malta with Sirens winning a knockout title	6
Since 2009 , Muhammad Idris , an Indonesian missionary to the Ahmadiyya Community , is now the current and first non-Ghanaian missionary to Tuvalu .	5
From 1997 to 2002 he was a chaplain at the University of North London and then the Rector of Stoke Newington until his episcopal appointment .	4
There are no classes or level restrictions .	5
A π * orbital , pi antibonding orbital , will also produce a phase change when rotated about the internuclear axis .	4
Players in bold are still currently playing for the Phoenix .	4
His father , Vard Stockton , Sr. , was a noted photographer who was friends with , and an influence on , Norman Rockwell .	4
In February 2013 , he joined North American Soccer League club San Antonio Scorpions FC .	6
The speech includes witty comments on city life and humorous criticism of local authorities .	6
His skill in portrait-sketching helped to eventually release him .	4
The film stars Douglas MacLean , Beatrice Burnham , Walt Whitman , Margaret Livingston , Wade Boteler , Mary Jane Irving , and Charles Hill Mailes .	3
Sir Richard van der Riet Woolley OBE FRS ( 24 April 1906 – 24 December 1986 ) was an English astronomer who became Astronomer Royal .	5
In addition , the software engineers and program managers from LYRASIS contribute code , training and documentation to the community .	3
William Wyler was nominated on twelve occasions , more than any other individual .	3
In 2012 , Gallaudet defeated Catholic 47 – 27 for its first ever victory in the series .	3
The back half of its seating was torn out to make room for two classrooms to house the robotics and computer engineering facilities .	7
In the Soviet Union , the war commissary was a direct political representative of the Soviet Government with the army .	3
He has been a jury member for the Dutch Design Awards and the Françoise van der Bosch awards .	6
Despite this promise , before the end of the month , both Kamels were shot and killed by other clan members who declared them traitors .	5
For our previous two albums we had worked well and listened to producer Jimmy Miller .	5
He won a massive landslide winning the highest popular vote of his career .	6
The memo was created for distribution among al-Qaeda operatives and was discovered in 2004 on a laptop in Pakistan .	5
Its maximum capacity is 10,964 .	3
" My Wicked Heart " is quirky and fits in with the other tracks on the album . [ ... ]	3
The captain was already nervous , and he failed to notice that the tuned locator 's Morse code identifier was not consistent with Marabá 's beacon .	7
Pope John Paul II visited Cuba in 1998 , the first visit by a reigning pontiff to the island .	3
After changing its name to Worcester Heat Systems Ltd , in 1992 the company was acquired by Robert Bosch GmbH , adopting the new name of Worcester Bosch	5
Athletes were : Andy Jenks , Tyler Merren , Daryl Walker , John Kusku , Joseph Hamilton , and Matt Simpson , with coach Matthew Boyle .	3
It is located off Lorain Avenue just west of West 143rd Street in the West Park neighborhood .	6
The deposited debris can be traced back to the origin by both the nature of the materials released and the continuous path of debris release .	5
GP W SW SL L GF GA Pts	6
In the mid-1930s , Fredricksen and his wife Dorothy traveled through Iowa and Minnesota seeking the perfect site to make , age , and store blue cheese .	5
" Anjurizmã di frangã shi di trandafilã .	6
Two of the fraternity 's most significant awards are named for him .	5
It has complex contents with full marginalia .	4
" South Pacific Regional Fisheries Management Organisation	6
While at university she joined the renowned Birchfield Harriers Athletics Club .	7
Priocnemis is a genus of pepsine spider wasp containing around 30 species	6
William H. Daingerfield was born in Alexandria , Virginia in 1808 .	4
The episode first aired in the United States on February 11 , 2012 on The Hub .	3
Prior to that there were chophouses in New York City such as " Cobweb Hall " owned by David Pattullo .	5
Dłużek ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The 1907 German football championship was the fifth season in which teams competed for the national championship title .	6
Torkel Klingberg is a professor of cognitive neuroscience at the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm , Sweden .	3
Zalesie ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Ugochukwu " Ugo " Okoye ( born 13 September 1981 ) is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .	5
He was the half-brother of Federal Circuit Court Judge Alexander Pope Humphrey ( 1848 – 1928 ) .	4
The film ends with the weary friends agreeing to give statements to police .	7
" Rocket " was designed by Robert Stephenson in 1829 , and built at the Forth Street Works of his company in Newcastle upon Tyne .	5
The school 's buildings and grounds were extensively refurbished in 2008 .	4
Hence , households consisting of grandparents and grandchildren without the intervening generation are not " families " .	5
He has held visiting appointments at Syracuse University , the University of Hawaii , University of Toronto , and the California Institute of Integral Studies .	5
Rivers such as the Lot , Tarn and Truyère are particularly noted for their trout populations .	5
Anna Gmeyner died in York England in 1991 at the age of 88 .	4
In 1963 the University of York opened .	4
She graduated from Swarthmore College in 1898 and then taught drawing in New York City .	6
Consequently , the glass exhibits a small change in the refractive index which has to be considered in the optical design .	7
She has been a cover model for FHM magazine 's Spain edition and had pictorials in FHM and Newlook ( France ) magazine .	7
Like all Ponzi schemes , Saradha Group promised astronomical returns in fanciful but credible investments .	3
The bridge was technologically significant as one of the two oldest concrete girder bridges designed by the Michigan State Highway Department .	7
Five sacred places in Varanasi are mentioned by the text , including the jyotirlinga ( a sacred lingam of Shiva ) enshrined in the Kashi Vishwanath Temple .	7
Hans also developed the elastic bite former during World War II .	6
A TV Marti executive was also indicted on corruption charges in the aftermath of the articles .	5
It lies approximately south-east of Jonkowo and west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
Thessaloniki , Greece 's second largest city , has seen an influx of Chinese primarily from the Yunnan province since 2002 .	4
Revolutionary and constitutional nationalists remained in contact .	5
Both clubs are to appeal against a UEFA decision to bar the two clubs from European competitions on match-fixing accusations .	6
The closest town is 40 miles away so people have to have vehicles if they want to work .	6
He lost by a wide margin .	3
Because Hirono was the main character , he had to be in the film , but Minō had never met Yamagami .	3
Talat Mahmood , Manna Dey , C. H. Atma , Anup Jalota , Dilraj Kaur , Shailendra Singh , Shyam Lala , Mukesh and others .	3
budget but has only limited authority to make laws or ordinances .	7
Members are trained to provide the initial response to a security situation until the police arrive .	5
The most recently recognized of the nine trilobite orders , Harpetida , was erected in 2002 .	4
For example , the replacement cost to construct a building can be determined by adding the labor , material , and other costs .	5
" Primera División de México Clausura 2006	6
Suffering a fire in 1982 and expansion , the need to join class to Salesian College was needed .	6
DeVita attended the College of William and Mary , receiving his Bachelor of Science degree in 1957 .	5
Namely , a property is intrinsic if and only if it is actually ( really , analytically , fundamentally , necessarily , ontologically ) unary .	3
Ferguson 's major work , the long poem " Congal " was published in 1872 and a third volume , " Poems " in 1880 .	5
Additionally , he played the lead roles in " Little Hands " , " Sentimental " , and " A Private Death " .	3
He was then brought in at Colchester United under Roy McDonough during a goalkeeping crisis .	3
He was born in Zghorta in 1949 , a member of the city 's prominent El Douaihy family .	5
National Express services 564 , 560 , 350 , 320 , 310 and 240 call at Sheffield , as do others on a less frequent basis .	3
From 1926-28 he served as the first choreographer for shows at the Roxy movie palace in New York City .	7
Sophie departed on 29 March 2013 .	4
By September , he was replaced and faced with returning to a Spain inflamed by Civil War .	7
Brennan notes a shift in this time period , where the two main influences on Jobs were Apple and Kobun .	6
Hassel was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1828 .	5
Speed Limit : Maximum throughout ( left lane only , others )	7
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad ( B & O ) reached Martinsburg in 1842 .	5
The leather first partially cracked at these points , which caused a considerable leakage , particularly in dry weather .	5
He survived , and pretended to be dead to keep Grace safe ( " No Good Deed " ) .	3
Expo Line stations have been redesigned and retrofitted to accommodate the new fare gate system .	7
Lee was born at Calverton , Nottinghamshire .	3
Mongrel Downs station was renamed Tanami Downs at the time of it being returned to Indigenous ownership in the 1990s .	5
It was not well founded , and was withdrawn in the face of modest opposition .	5
After 13 days following Lohari 's death , things returned to normal , but a strange thing happened in the house .	5
There are six editions published per year .	5
church united with Stichill Parish Church .	5
McNally has published articles concerning anxiety disorders and memories of people reporting traumatic experiences .	7
He was one of the Celebrity Housemates in .	3
The show 's viewership was ranked number six among the top ten anime television series in Japan for February 2001 .	6
Historia del Partido Nacional de Honduras .	5
They thereby succeeded in keeping open the connection between central Switzerland and the Valais via the Furka Pass .	7
Puerto Ricans 11.7 11.2 12.4 12.0 11.4 12.7	6
Warner / Chappell Music has since credited Oasis songwriter Noel Gallagher .	5
A line of high end cruising sailboats introduced in 2010 .	7
Ngesti Pandawa became a point of reference for other wayang orang groups in that era .	7
However they cannot survive for long periods in the dark even if they are fed .	4
Important examples are agricultural areas , fish and other animals , forests , healthy water and soil , cultivated and natural landscapes .	3
He worked as a builder and contractor .	4
Ancient navies had a large impact on the navies of today .	5
The people of Sydney greeted the arrival of the southerly buster after a hot summer day .	4
Fred Åkerström besjunger Frida ( English : Fred Åkerström re-sings Frida ) is an album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström .	6
It lies approximately east of Żywiec and south-east of the regional capital Katowice .	6
He was a captain on the football team that won the 1925 Southwest Conference Championship .	6
In the past few years , there have been around 250 applications for the approximately 50 open spots in the entering freshman class .	3
Seven of the eight species are confined to the south-eastern coastal plain of the United States .	4
Gryźliny ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
She was voted comedian of the year by Backstage Magazine and in 1998 was named best female comedian by the Manhattan Cabaret Association .	6
This organisation is unlike that of Oxford and Cambridge on one hand or the halls of residence at civic universities on the other .	5
For the last 10 years the airport has been used by only the army ( Defense Department ) .	4
29.2 % of all households were made up of individuals and 12.4 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
On 8 May , army spokesman Mir Rabbi said the army 's attempt to recover more bodies from the rubble would continue for at least another week .	6
The Hope Natural Gas Company came into Lumberport in 1910 , bringing lots of business .	5
Under the command of Captain John Augustus Atkinson she left The Downs on 29 October 1814 .	4
The severe housing shortage was due mainly to an increasingly buoyant Queensland economy and substantial population growth , as a result of both natural increase and immigration .	5
Tegucigalpa : Instituto Hondureño de Cultura Hispánica .	5
Observers noted that Cunningham 's hat did indeed resemble a pakul , a traditional men 's hat worn in the Chitral and Gilgit regions of Pakistan .	7
The game takes place in Agalia City , a fictional science fiction city where cyborg crime has become rampant .	5
The main thoroughfares for the city are U.S. Route 220 and West Virginia Route 46 .	5
The entrance portal has a triangular pediment over the door set within the center arch ; geometrical decorations fill the tympanum .	5
In 1990 , he created the rock band Lyapis Trubetskoy .	5
Mobilized April 17 , 1918 , Jean Moulin was assigned to the 2nd Regiment of Engineering ( based in Metz after the victory ) .	4
Ishihira is a midfielder who plays an attacking role from the wings with good left-footed shots and crosses .	7
The other half was spent as Chairman of the Drugs and Crime Prevention Committee 1996-99 and Chairman of the prestigious Road Safety Committee from 1999-2002 .	6
Lockett won the Coleman Medal for leading goalkicker in the home and away season with a magnificent 117 goals .	6
According to the Boston Public Health Commission , 264 civilians were treated at 27 local hospitals .	3
IBM quickly replaced the 7320 with the faster and larger 2303 .	5
Form lic ( ly ) , morph , form , gon , platypus , metamorphosis , egg , Ms .	3
Most classes had document cameras ( ELMO-type ) for use in conjunction with the classroom video projector .	3
It was mixed primarily by Toby Wright ( assisted by John Seymour ) at Electric Lady Studios in New York City .	4
With only 62 field goal attempts in college — just over one per game — he did not receive attention from many NFL teams .	5
and the clubs are recognised as contributors to the economy .	3
CLAIM and the See Your Lung initiatives have quickly picked up the pace in terms of accomplishing their goals .	7
According to politics of country settlement a number of planned cities were created in peripheral regions .	4
In total , the concerts received about two weeks of rehearsal time prior to their performances , more than any other game concert before .	4
" No other mathematical constant , not even , is more closely connected with human affairs " ( p 86 ) .	3
The acquaintance navigated through lesser-known routes associated with the case with ease .	7
It also reflected his aesthetic that art and Culture were the highest human achievement that transcended history .	6
The Miami Herald reportedly moved Corral and his family into a secure location with 24-hour security for two months .	4
She has done TV serial Kahani Chandrakanta Ki for Sahara One .	6
It lies approximately west of Małdyty , north-west of Ostróda , and west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
More than 250 entries were submitted .	4
When the time comes , you crush them . "	4
When available , seat projections are also displayed below the voting estimates in a smaller font .	3
There were 781 housing units at an average density of 22.0 / sq mi ( 8.5 / km ² ) .	7
Special edition package comes with free gifts :	3
The band derives their name from the X-Men , Colossus .	3
Until then , papal documents were issued mainly in Latin in " Acta Apostolicae Sedis " since 1909 .	3
Loudspeakers ( stylised as LOUDspeakers ) is a Georgian rock band formed in 2009 .	5
He was a relatively low-profile figure in these roles , however , and received far less attention than his predecessor , David Davis .	5
On banner is the motto " To Save and to Serve " written in Dutch .	6
His later work examined the history and language of science .	5
Siebold was banished from Japan in 1829 but managed to provide for Ine and her mother and arranged for his students and associates to care for them .	6
In " The Skeptic 's Dictionary " , philosophy professor Robert Todd Carroll labeled Afrocentrism " pseudohistorical " .	4
At the same time , the storm spawned a secondary low along its frontal boundary , over the Southeastern United States .	3
It is tied back to the building and has a valance of timber vertical boards with a scalloped edge .	6
In Australia it was used as a folk remedy to relieve the itching of mosquito and sand fly bites .	6
In the 2003 NFL Draft , Gregory D. Tolver Jr. was selected in the 5th round as the 169th pick by the Miami Dolphins .	3
Bloch was a committed supporter of the Third Republic and politically left-wing .	3
On April 2 , 1876 , a fire destroyed a large portion of the city 's business district , as well as many houses in the area .	7
Three aspects of the legislative history of Congress 's definition of asylum bolstered the Court 's conclusion .	6
Adrian 's secular powers were too valuable to be surrendered and Manuel 's subjects could never have accepted the authority of the distant Bishop of Rome .	7
Depending on its chemical properties , a contaminant may or may not be found in the aqueous phase .	3
He is the vocalist and guitarist of New York City thrash metal band Nuclear Assault .	7
Books ( including edited and translated volumes )	5
Other activities include scenic viewing and fishing .	4
It premiered on February 28 , 1987 .	3
Hundreds of thousand of women followed in Hoyt 's footsteps .	7
To the family of the oak , Fagaceae , 73 % of the species tested ( N = 22 ) contain tannin .	5
For example , " of your ( pl . )	3
Its headquarters are in the town of Omuo Ekiti .	3
He merges the Mussar Jewish ethics and morality movement with the Twelve-Step Program and with ideas from clinical psychology .	7
Brooks ' parents were divorced ; his father lived in Houston and his mother had relocated to Beaumont , a city east of Houston .	6
Compostable material and non-recyclable material are collected on alternate weeks .	4
The original school was a one-room schoolhouse .	3
The village with a total area of 12,5 km has a population of 1368 .	5
Maps , headings , tables and adjectival expressions use " South Island " without " the " .	4
It extended from Oelrichs east to Oglala .	5
Beginning in 2002 the NTRA lobbying team advocated for H.R .	7
" Education Review Office ( New Zealand )	3
In 2017 , plans for a new 20,000-inhabitant town outside Frederikssund called Vinge were approved by the Danish authorities .	5
The population density was 354.1 inhabitants per square mile ( 137.9 / km ² ) .	3
El Amra District is a district of Aïn Defla Province , Algeria .	3
The JPF is currently headquartered in Nyack , New York .	4
Giacosa did the initial design work on the next Cisitalia model , a two-seat sports car , the Project 202 .	3
A player scoring less than 38 points loses .	7
So if A had heard a weather forecast predicting a storm , the drowning will be a natural outcome .	6
There are also food stalls selling dishes from a variety of cuisines including Indian curries , Malaysian Laksa , Vietnamese rice paper rolls and Thai papaya salad .	7
In February she released her first greatest hits album : " L 'Aura " .	3
Źródła ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miękinia , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south-western Poland .	4
A form of casual wear , Madiba shirts are loose-fitting , usually worn without a necktie and untucked from trousers .	4
They note that Sternberg is a Fellow of the International Society for Complexity , Information and Design , a Discovery Institute-affiliated group dedicated to promoting intelligent design .	6
German embassy in Dhaka financed Sofa 's translation of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 's Faust .	5
He had various relationships with Brenda and Kelly in high school .	5
After a 90-minute delay the FIM referee threatened the riders with disqualification from the meeting if they did not continue racing .	3
The following player received entry into the singles main draw as an alternate :	3
Also from 2006 , the bowl got the fifth overall selection from the SEC ( including the BCS ) .	3
Quintero served in the lower house of the Mexican Congress during the LVI Legislature .	4
Fifteenth century scholars cited it often .	3
" English invasion of Scotland ( 1482 )	3
After fertilisation , the eggs are brooded in the body cavity for about a week .	3
In fact , of all the Konitz-Marsh recordings , this set ranks near the top " .	3
The regiment reported 10 killed and 40 wounded at Fort Donelson , and there were 8 killed and 110 wounded at Chancellorsville .	6
Barry Parish was founded in 1230 when Alexander II bequeathed the land to Balmerino Abbey .	5
Later Fisher confessed that " I don 't understand yet what fiducial probability does .	7
This took St Kilda to the Grand Final against Hawthorn in front of 118,192 at the MCG .	4
From 1963 to 1983 , Mervyn Horton was the magazine 's founding editor .	4
The arrival of the Saivate saint irked the Jains , who are said to have then set fire to his holy dwelling .	7
They have borne fruit in the form of the publication of the results , jointly with the Greek Academy of Sciences and the PAU .	5
There are Virgin Islander institutions that support and promote the islands ' folk heritage .	7
Bhau had ordered Vitthal Vinchurkar ( with 1500 cavalry ) and Damaji Gaikwad ( with 2500 cavalry ) to protect .	3
( Bea Arthur , who played the original Vera Charles on Broadway , recreated the same role for the 1974 film version of the musical . )	5
Beyond this , nouns are otherwise not overtly marked ( i. e . , inanimate nouns , abstract nouns , all other animates ) .	3
Prior to ascending to the presidency , he had promised to rid Haiti of its Syrian population .	4
" , as the screen cuts to the credits .	3
Much of the summit area is protected by the Nature Conservancy 's Kamakou and Pelekunu valley preserves .	5
The most famous route to this island is the Passage du Gois , a road that is under water at high tide .	5
Sunni Islam was introduced into Ghana as part of the 1940s reformist activities of late Ghanaian Mujaddid , Afa Ajura .	5
In 2004 , he reported the “ Best Quote , ” which was attributed to Miami Police Chief John Timoney .	6
The NPG after 1936 and the NPV , KV , and NG had a law that was a direct translation / adaptation of the Scout Law .	6
This was designated on 11 November 2010 and the changed boundary and Management Plan came into immediate effect .	6
The resulting Model 21 would become one of the most produced versions early in the war .	6
Treatment generally involves reducing acid production of the stomach and dietary management .	7
Apple added a color extension in Mac OS X Lion ( and also to iOS 4 + ) .	4
Serum samples from patients in the acute phase of illness contained RNA of Zika .	7
His ability to integrate Indigenous and non-Indigenous concepts was truly remarkable .	7
Schools that serve most of Lacombe include :	6
When Wei finally learns of his plan , she confronts Xiaozheng to ask why she was the last one to know .	5
The Passion was one of the ten inaugural season squads established in 2009 as part of the Lingerie Bowl 's expansion into a full-fledged league .	7
The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party 's colour .	7
The museum acquires and exhibits art and artifacts from the Canadian Rockies , aiming to showcase the culture and history of the Rocky Mountains of Canada .	6
Fry built the first store in Whitstran in 1916 .	3
Neither computers nor software are specifically mentioned in the Canadian Patent Act .	4
Bill Barretta , however , has been performing Dr. Teeth consistently since 2005 .	3
Some species need a cold period in order to germinate .	5
Inductance in the ground wire can lead to distortion in the observed signal , so this wire is kept as short as possible .	4
He lives in Hope Island , Queensland with his wife June , whom he married in 1984 .	6
Hatch 's Battalion , Minnesota Volunteer Cavalry was a cavalry battalion that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War and American Indian Wars .	5
Meanwhile , " Gloire " circled " Hector " and raked her from stem to stern .	5
It begins the week before Mardi-Gras in February .	3
The " Philobiblon " references the Vulgate version of the Bible so frequently that these quotations make up approximately one-fourteenth of the entire book .	4
Vázquez , Jr. debuted as a professional on December 8 , 2006 , being managed by Rubén Zavala and his promotion All Star Boxing .	6
Mexican singer Ninel Conde and Cuban American actor William Levy hosted the show .	5
Every enzyme code consists of the letters " EC " followed by four numbers separated by periods .	6
Sutton is situated at a center of transportation in West Virginia .	5
They are also the names of songs that appeared on Australia 's " T.N.T. "	6
They acted together for several years both in London and in the provincial circuits .	4
The other four victims were transported in critical condition to a local hospital .	3
He had been considering for some time making more permanent arrangements for his collection of objects and photographs .	7
The magazine closed in 1970 .	3
Results were obtained using GOR4 and PELE from Biology WorkBench .	5
The team also interviewed people related to incident in Damascus .	6
Olson arranged to screen " American Beauty " to about 1,000 members of the Actors Fund of America , as many participating actors were also voters .	5
Both manga , " Ristorante Paradiso " and " Gente " , have been licensed by Viz Media for an English North American release .	4
Thousands begin to die after being cared for by Ibn Sina and his students .	6
Olsoniformes is a clade of dissorophoid temnospondyls .	3
The village has a population of 440 .	4
After a good season at Esbjerg fB , Toutouh revealed , that he didn 't knew where he was going to play .	6
The date was chosen to coincide with the date the Tlicho Land Claim and Self-Government Agreement came into effect .	7
At half time the score was St George 17 - Canterbury 2 .	3
It is recommended that the public stay at least away from the formation and from the lava dikes or wall when visiting .	5
In 1934 , there were 299 part-time officers in the AAMC ; by 1939 there were 394 , and increase of only 32 per cent .	4
On 12 October , José Sócrates was invited by President Aníbal Cavaco Silva to form government .	3
Many coarser media used in sandblasting often result in energy being given off as sparks or light on impact .	7
In 22 – 31 January 2008 he managed to achieve his final GM norm at the 2008 Gibtelecom Chess Festival in Gibraltar .	7
The USA team had not won gold in this biennial event since 1991 .	3
The Banyala are herdsmen , farmers , fishermen and charcoal burners .	3
It lies approximately south-west of Węgorzewo and north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Jolljepunco lies northwest of the lake Singrenacocha , southeast of Minasnioc .	6
Its headquarters are in the city of Ughelli .	3
Southern Pacific 2467 has two surviving siblings .	3
It is important to be aware that while clients may develop their musical skills during treatment , these skills are not the primary concern of the therapist .	6
Egg-free varieties of mayonnaise are available for vegans and others who want to avoid eggs , animal fat , and cholesterol , or who have egg allergies .	5
They have large forward-facing eyes and ears , a hawk-like beak , and a conspicuous circle of feathers around each eye called a facial disk .	5
The record had been set by Martin O 'Neill after his first 18 games incharge ( in 2000 – 01 ) .	3
With the headlights and the eyeball-gouging ?	3
He acted in more than 90 movies .	5
26 16 7 3 45-23 39	6
There was no qualification stage and all 10 members of CONMEBOL automatically qualified .	6
To illustrate it clearly , you can 't have cobbles out of Rainbow sandstone in particular as it is usually available in the slabs form .	4
" List of Mexican films of 1969	4
He was elected again in 1859 from the 5th district , this time as a Republican .	3
The Chinese retaliated with artillery and multiple human wave attacks .	6
RT-1556 , RT-1794 , RT-1824 , RT-1851 , RT-1851A , and RT-1939 , RT-1939A , RT-1990 , RT-1990A and the RT-2036 .	3
Philip incited the Mawaga Indians to rebel against the settlers of Springfield and to burn the town to the ground .	5
He finished his secondary education in 1925 , and graduated with the cand.jur .	4
Various engineering refinements that had gone into the Tempest II were incorporated into the last Tempest variant , designated as the " Tempest VI " .	5
In 2010 , he dated TV host and real estate heiress Divine Lee .	5
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s , the Society began to challenge the Literary & Historical Society for dominance in University debate .	6
From 12 – 19 August 2001 , Rumangkang began holding a series of meetings to discuss the formation of the party while holding consultations with Yudhoyono .	6
Abdul Azeez is also the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the seat of Baling in the state of Kedah .	6
9 DAN Tamiloli Private Tamil 2009	3
The distance from each corner of the square to the circle ( thiao phang ) is 9 li 5 hao .	7
Feature films were awarded at All India as well as regional level .	4
See LP listing above for composer credits .	5
Each tournament has at least 280 " moe " characters .	6
She recorded songs in Hebrew .	3
Ticket sales at the event raise funds for area charities .	6
Suchart Chaovisith was born in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .	3
While exceptionally loyal to its original consumer base , Kaypro was slow to adapt to the changing computer market and the advent of IBM PC compatible technology .	5
A variant called " tetra-auricupride " ( CuAu ) exists .	5
The lead single is " Somethin ' I 'm Good At " .	3
The school is one of the biggest elementary schools in the country , and is one of the world 's most populous grade schools .	5
During ESPN ’ s televised coverage of the draft , Mel Kiper Jr. stated :	7
Socrates also cited the concept of hyperuranion , describing it as higher than the gods since their divinity depended on the knowledge of the hyperuranion beings .	6
Beside the Irvine New Town trail at the Old Wood is a large piece of machinery that appears to be of a military nature .	4
Still others read the novel as having a Naturalist structure , comparing the work to those by Theodore Dreiser , Frank Norris and Jack London .	6
Then posted three straight first round finishes .	5
In 1999 , the Institute conceived the " Dokumentationszentrum Obersalzberg " museum on the Obersalzberg near Berchtesgaden at the request of the Bavarian government .	4
Their forms are their houses , so if one was in the Vesey house , they would be in 7V , then 8V , and so on .	3
However , sources in Hanover itself , including Sophia , denied any knowledge of Königsmarck 's whereabouts .	7
Old Hickory United Methodist Church was organized in 1925 .	5
Smaller groups played in the building until 1924 , when , after the gallery collapsed , it was closed for the next five decades .	4
On 3 June 1999 , The Rolling Stones played to 51,000 on their No Security Tour .	3
" Judiceratops " was a ground-dwelling , quadrupedal herbivore .	3
Proposals to remedy the adverse effects of housing inequality include :	6
Εὐλογημένος ὁ ἐρχόμενος ἐν ὀνόματι Κυρίου .	6
This change was unsuccessful in regaining listeners .	3
It lies approximately south-west of Pisz and south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Each of these towns is in Scotland 's list of 20 most populated towns and cities .	4
In 1904 , John Archibald 's daughter , Janet Mary Archibald married Edwin Fowles ( also a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council ) .	5
She came first in a Microsoft poll to determine the most popular character of the " Final Fantasy XIII " games .	6
Kozmo.com 's headquarters was located in New York City .	4
Within the M 'Chigeeng First Nation in Manitoulin District is the Church of the Immaculate Conception .	4
The settlement has a population of 30 .	4
The team 's home fixtures were shared between Wimbledon and New Cross Stadia	5
from Bell Telephone Laboratories , Inc. in Murray Hill , New Jersey , and M. A. Krasner both in the United States .	4
Borjak ( ) is a village in Sahra Rural District , Anabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .	3
Harun Aslanbaş and privates Onur Bozdemir , Kemal Pide , Ferit Demir , Yakup Mutlu , Cengiz Sarıbaş and Fatih Yonca .	3
Volcker sought to fight inflation by pursuing a policy of " tight money " in which interest rates were set a high level .	6
Baby Woodrose announced a break from live concerts from the summer 2016 .	4
Within about two years , fighting resumed with the Mozambican Civil War against RENAMO insurgents plied with Rhodesian and South African military support .	7
He became editor of a local newspaper which he helped to establish in 1906 .	7
Another important customer was Madame Hulpiau ( Rita Smets ) " ( season 3 – 14 ) " .	3
After 18 months of service he was moved to Davis – Monthan Air Force Base in Tucson , Arizona where he met his wife-to-be Charlotte .	6
Terms for people who want to develop their relationships include :	7
He used a Nieuport 17 for that seventh win on 27 June 1917 .	5
" Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow	5
John W. Shaffer , nicknamed Cannon Ball , ( February 18 , 1864 – November 21 , 1926 ) was an American baseball player .	3
Its body length is .	3
Jobs only contacted Schieble after Clara died and after he received permission from his father , Paul .	5
The village has a population of 2,000 .	4
The highest point is " Kamakou " on East Molokai , at .	3
Hertha thereby became only the second club after 1 .	3
The team ended with a 22 – 11 ( 8 – 8 ) record .	7
Their meat is often sourced from animals that have died naturally rather than by slaughter .	6
He was awarded the Cross of Saint George for his calm courage .	4
In a private letter to his brother Karl , Anderson said , " As for Stein , I do not think her too important .	4
But he also returned to find revenge on Croit — Blackout 's sanity began to suffer as well .	6
He came up with the mathematical technique now known as linear programming in 1939 , some years before it was advanced by George Dantzig .	6
Classic hormones that use intracellular receptors include thyroid and steroid hormones .	7
The section holds monthly meetings , some of which are organized jointly with Class I .	5
English was featured in a central role on the former , and was paired onscreen with Garrett Morris , who plays her husband Junior King .	7
Progress M-19M undocked from Zvezda module of the ISS on June 11 , 2013 .	4
Capone refused and had Weiss murdered less than two weeks later .	7
It was one of the bestselling paperback books of World War II , with 1.34 million copies in print by 1945 .	4
Men were allowed freedom of contract unless it could be proven that regulating their hours served a higher good for the population at large .	7
" List of New York Americans head coaches	6
( His father had produced the 1940 MGM adaptation of the novel , starring Laurence Olivier and Greer Garson . )	5
The duplicatus variety of cirrus clouds occurs when there are at least two layers of cirrus clouds .	6
Howden School was placed in " Special Measures " following an Ofsted inspection in July 2010 .	3
Slade and Mackintosh stayed close friends throughout his life .	4
Belfast black with smoke and rage .	4
He served as the fifth head football coach	5
Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town .	6
Having trichomoniasis increases the risk of getting HIV / AIDS .	6
Indeed , for many years the Wildcats spent far less on football — and athletics as a whole — than any Big Eight school .	3
Ramsey says he 'll have it written into the contract agreement and will attach a special rider giving him the same privilege .	7
Richarlison completed a move to English Premier League club Watford on 8 August 2017 , signing a five-year contract for a £ 11.2 million transfer fee .	7
O 'Fallon eventually decided that for him , the risks weren 't worth the potential profit .	5
In the 21st century , Knight has also been active as a record producer .	3
He is buried in the Boggs Family Cemetery ( Elmwood Farm ) in Logan Elm Village , Pickaway County , Ohio .	4
Reynolds represented the United States as a member of the United States U-23 women 's national soccer team .	5
P.K.Gopi was born in Koduman-Angadikkal village in Pattanamthitta District of Kerala on June 8 , 1949 .	4
The third-best cardfighter of the team .	3
Before 1945 , the area was part of Germany ( East Prussia ) .	3
Gyulai 's men fled after suffering heavy losses .	4
Admission into Gyankriti Schools is based on an all-inclusive policy .	4
She was born on 16 October 1942 at Ijebu Ode , a city in Ogun State , southwestern Nigeria .	6
A shortening of CT indicates hypercoagulability .	4
When the moment was right , he led his cavalry forward again in the " coup de grâce " , the finishing blow .	4
A few men are around the station , but all is quiet .	3
When a Scottish army invaded after Henry VIII had departed for Calais on 30 June 1513 , Surrey crushed the Scottish forces at Flodden on 9 September .	4
The laundry bag found at the scene was traced to a company known as American Laundry , which operated in Trenton , New Jersey .	6
In 1918 it was closed and publisher Osvaldo Böhm bought most of Naya 's archive .	7
Phyllite results in a loamy , rapidly weathered gneiss in the east of the mountains producing a light soil .	6
Senator to introduce legislation creating a cabinet-level Department of Peace .	7
The first version was published in 1961 .	3
Members paid a flat monthly subscription .	3
Ciasna ( ) is a village in Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	3
In Perl , which has block scope , this instead requires declaring the variable prior to the block :	5
When the powerfully armed Lockheed P-38 Lightning , armed with four " light barrel " AN / M2 .50 cal .	4
To that end he had opened negotiations with the western Allies , through Field Marshal Montgomery commander of Allied 21 Army Group , in North Germany .	6
It is located about 4 hours drive from Sydney , Australia .	6
Ayer says that the film 's characters are largely based on the people he knew when he lived in South Central .	7
It is the county seat of Marshall County .	3
Ratner had a brother named Walter and a sister .	6
Sheikh Mohammad Iqbal is a Kashmiri author , historian , Islamic scholar , intellectual , educationist , academician , researcher , writer , publisher and former archaeologist .	3
The outcome of an exercise , which lasts much longer than the usual daily prayer , is often a state of ecstatic abandon .	7
Needleton is now a flag stop on the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad .	7
It drove a single screw propeller and could propel the ship at .	4
17th Ave Retail & Entertainment District	5
The unit served under the command of Generals Pettigrew , Field , Heth , H.H .	5
It took place against Derby County F.C .	5
The ABC television network provides 89 hours of regularly scheduled network programming each week .	5
" Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 53 " , 431-444 .	3
Minnesota became a center of technology after World War II .	6
Haplogroup L2 is a human mitochondrial DNA ( mtDNA ) haplogroup with a widespread modern distribution , particularly in Subequatorial Africa .	3
Demand for tickets were extremely high with some concerts selling out in less than five minutes .	7
The inquiry 's final report was released on 1 December 2015 .	4
His 13 appearances for Leeds helped them win the 2006 – 07 National Division One title .	7
Subsequent governors made changes to the building .	5
Trichuriasis occurs frequently in areas in which untreated human feces is used as fertilizer or where open defecation takes place .	7
He has been Associate Editor of the " Journal of Experimental Social Psychology " , and has served on multiple journal editorial boards and federal grant panels .	5
In 1995 , UT Arlington renamed the Engineering Building , the first building constructed during his presidency , to Woolf Hall .	4
Hunt Stromberg Jr. was married to Marilyn Elwell from 1947 to 1949 .	3
It sailed for 40 days in a south-westerly direction without ever finding anything other than wind and water .	7
There is no town or parish council .	5
" Prize Fighter " was the pack-in game for the X 'Eye , alongside two non-gaming software titles .	3
The only commonality is the fact that he is an international assassin known as Deathstroke .	5
The General Assembly and the Trust Association are therefore the agent body of the United Church of Northern India and have an international jurisdiction .	4
A plasma is struck in the gas mixture using an RF power source , which breaks the gas molecules into ions .	7
Navarová died of cancer in December , 2004 .	3
Matvey Natanzon ( better known by his pseudonym Falafel ) is a backgammon player .	6
This is a timeline of events that occurred during 1944 in World War II .	7
Rickards was raised and educated in Franklin , Pennsylvania .	3
In Rhodes he listened to the sophist philosophers and gave them money .	3
The partnership aim to introduce crop diversity , increasing productivity & increasing water use efficiency .	7
This anole has been observed presumably feeding on the nectar of blossoms .	5
When he arrives at camp , the other soldiers believe his injury resulted from a grazing bullet during battle .	5
Its seat is in Lingolsheim .	3
They were eventually shut down , and the land became part of the massive U.S .	5
The Electoral College itself never meets as one body .	3
the following table can be formed :	3
In 2013 , XeTeX also gained support for cut-ins .	4
CLIMAT-coded messages contain information on several meteorological variables that are important to monitor characteristics , changes , and variability of climate .	7
Holcocera aurorae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica .	4
Anaerobic growth occurred by means of fermenting sugars and polysaccharides .	7
He made six saves , and allowed the Blackhawks to collect an overtime win .	5
Due to magnetoencephalography , research is increasingly done upon M100 , the magnetic counterpart of the electroencephalographic N100 .	5
Winfrey explained that 25 was " the perfect number — the exact right time " , and that " I love this show .	5
The Hockey News Volume 58 Issue No .	5
He wears a necklace of fifty freshly severed human heads .	5
That is why , walking across a school campus on this particular December morning , I keep searching the sky .	4
The title is a composite phrase of doo wop group Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons and thinker Niccolò Machiavelli .	5
Clitocybe fennica is a species of agaric fungus in the family Tricholomataceae .	3
SG Biofuels was founded in 2007 and is based in San Diego , California .	4
He became internationally known through the role of the silent wizard Pan Tau .	6
Like its neighbor , Fioletovo , it was settled in the mid-1800s by Spiritual Christians from Russia ( " Pryguny " , " Molokane " ) .	3
The Chief Minister of Maharashtra Prithviraj Chavan said that the bombs used could have been fuel filled , much like molotov cocktails .	5
To the confusion of everyone , however , a portal then opened from the web , and Ray Tracer and another Bob step through it .	4
There are three hypotheses proposed to explain the phenomenon :	6
The cost approach was once called the summation approach .	3
The device contained a rolled wick of polypropylene felt which held 15 milliliters of methoxyflurane .	7
There is a large tapestry draped from the Cottage which says " Still Believe " .	7
Vitali earned 15 million US dollars .	5
42 and 217 Squadrons of Coastal Command , which owing to logistical issues , were five torpedoes short of their total complement .	7
# 2 Northwestern beat Minnesota 6 – 0 .	7
He has a cage which contains one or two trained parrots .	7
" Rock Bay Marine Provincial Park	5
Chicago has 8 MLS International Roster Slots for use in the 2012 season .	5
P-8 class Southern Pacific 2472 is owned by the Golden Gate Railroad Museum and once operated on occasional services at the Niles Canyon Railway until 2015 .	6
That night , Emperor Wenzong released Li Yong and allowed him to return to Shangyang Pavilion ( 上陽院 ) , where the Crown Prince resided .	7
Previous volunteer events have included cleaning parks and public spaces , painting and refurbishing schools in underprivileged areas and building bikes for disadvantaged youth .	7
" United States Air Force Academy Cadet Insignia	6
There is also a community college .	3
A representative of Bang 's organization SEARCH will be a member of the committee .	5
Among its official aims are to further " road safety " and " sustainable mobility " .	3
The animal population is approximately 4660 goats and sheep , 420 bovines ( including 264 cows ) , and 64 horses .	3
A Saurer M6 radio car is now in the Flieger-Flab-Museum ( Air Force Museum ) at Dübendorf .	3
The club earned a 12th-place finish and the following year became part of the Amateurliga Saarland when the region 's football clubs rejoined German competition .	6
The Sync Services for File Systems provider also supports static filters to exclude files based on wildcards or attributes .	7
Coming southbound from Lankaran , there is a giant samovar by the road welcoming visitors to the rayon .	5
" Club Rocker ( Pat Farell Club Remix ) [ feat .	6
This species is not of conservation concern , and its range includes some protected areas .	4
Taylor returned to the show in 1992 , apologized to Winfrey and told her that she was in excruciating back and hip pain at the time .	5
He wrote his " The Final Word " column each Wednesday from 2000 to 2013 .	3
One of the Jesuits there , Fr .	3
Operating within the CORDIS framework , HPC Europa aims to provide access to supercomputers across Europe .	6
FireTune was a add-on to Mozilla Firefox from Totalidea introduced in 2005 which aimed at optimizing the speed of the browser .	7
The music video for " Who 'd Have Known " captures Allen as an obsessed fan of Elton John .	7
" Diving at the 2014 South American Games	5
He then moves into a neighbourhood which features an odd array of characters .	6
Mr Justice Lavan , a former Auditor and longtime friend to the society .	5
In northern Germany rolls with pickled or smoked fish ( e.g .	6
LAU has seven schools divided into several departments .	5
" Southern and Eastern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust	6
" List of sovereign states in 1978	3
From this hypothesis , he made a conclusion : it is always possible to specify a place where the energy is in .	7
" Jesus healing in the land of Gennesaret	4
He made the difficult decision to play football over soccer , and played for the Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders for four years .	5
And there 's reasons behind it . "	4
They were joined by the member ship of " Fußball-Club 1905 Neudorf " in 1912 .	4
Fenton won the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize in 1984 for " Children in Exile : Poems 1968-1984 " .	4
The first film also deals extensively with sibling rivalry and the responsibility of older children .	6
Burghoff appeared in every episode of the show 's first three seasons .	5
The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices , including governor , U.S. Senate , and state legislature races .	6
These negative portrayals reflect a long-standing cultural perception of lawyers since time immemorial .	4
DutchDNA 's CEO Erik Wolthuis had the idea to design jewellery first through genetic mapping .	5
The guilty Shatadhanwa gave the diamond to Akrur and fled Dholakpur .	4
Kong ( ) is a town in Laoling , Dezhou , in northwestern Shandong province , China .	3
Sometimes the final light value is a derived from a " transfer function " and sometimes it 's used directly .	3
Lake Delano is a reservoir within the F. D. Roosevelt State Park , in Harris County , Georgia .	3
In 1083 , Constantine Bodin appoints brothers Vukan and Marko , sons of Petrislav , as rulers of Rascia .	5
have been described from the fossil flora of Kızılcahamam district in Turkey , which is of early Pliocene age .	6
It prefers muddy or sandy substrates , preferring areas near river mouths or estuaries .	7
The population density was .	3
Penguins have an average sense of hearing for birds ; this is used by parents and chicks to locate one another in crowded colonies .	7
V385 Andromedae is a variable star in the constellation Andromeda , about away .	3
's murder , they agree that it was Ramaraju who killed him .	5
Buyers recommend that only the current season 's threads be used .	5
Some inland areas were cultivated .	3
It requires a channel to be narrow and long for it to have a good selectivity .	6
Although , due to lack of tenants , it was closed down in 2000 .	4
VMA IK 22 14 2 6 67-37 44 Promoted	7
She was a star of the Yiddish theater .	3
Orchestra depends on the Department of Culture and Education of the Municipality of Olavarria .	6
Vodafone paid Liberty € 1 billion as part of the joint venture valued at € 3.5 billion .	7
The same song was also played by Tim Minchin 's character in the following episode .	4
Grigelis holds the best ATP doubles ranking for Lithuanian player of all time .	6
When they do return , Tommy tries to explain their disappearance , while Bob realizes that the two are in love .	6
Queensland also became the first Australian colony to establish its own parliament rather than spending time as a Crown Colony .	5
" Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 32	7
Kaypro began as Non-Linear Systems , a maker of electronic test equipment , founded in 1952 by Andrew Kay , the inventor of the digital voltmeter .	4
For reasons unknown , the marriage negotiations came to a halt and Anne later became the second wife of King Henry VIII of England .	6
ClockStone is best known for developing the " Bridge Constructor " series of games , published by Headup Games .	6
For every 100 females , there were 100.4 males .	3
Along with radio and television station transmitters , Webb Hill is home to one of the local high speed internet providers ' transmitters in St. George .	6
Moulin attempted to hide his rejection by the bourgeoisie by excusing his wife 's disappearances and only informing his family after the divorce .	6
There are three entrances on the first floor , all with their own gable-roofed porch and patterned pediment .	4
Computer science also contributes to mathematics by developing techniques for the automatic checking or even finding of proofs , such as automated theorem proving and logic programming .	7
All races were held in the United Kingdom .	3
Species in the genus " Jokajdon " include	5
" Let it Ride " has appeared in a number of films and television series .	6
In 1055 the caliph in Baghdad gave Tughril Beg robes , gifts , and the title King of the East .	5
in multiplatform applications like AbiWord , Gnumeric , Calligra Suite , Scribus , OpenOffice.org 3.2 and later versions , etc .	4
It is managed by the Welfare Client Data System Consortium joint powers authority ( WCDS ) .	7
In the first part of the following episode entitled " Little Britain Abroad " Marjorie was sent by FatFighters to take a class in the USA .	7
Legal systems more or less try to uphold the notions of fairness and justice .	7
The name Nisha has been used for one tropical cyclone in the North Indian Ocean :	5
Root is known for spreading conspiracy theories .	4
As a result he left the party and its parliamentary group and continued his work as an independent MP until the 2006 parliamentary election .	4
There are eight species represented in Oregon .	5
Grand Funk decided on the first day of overdubs to split up again , although Zappa stayed until 4 a.m. trying to talk them out of it .	7
On 26 July 1947 , President Truman signed the National Security Act of 1947 while on board the Sacred Cow .	4
Nixon ultimately resigned on Aug. 9 , 1974 .	3
She sacrifices their relationship and Keith leaves .	5
On January 28 , 1776 he began to preach at All Hallow ’ s Parish in Worcester County .	4
Tynanthus polyanthus , the bejuco de clavo is a flowering plant species in the genus " Tynanthus " .	3
Once hit by a car and many times nearly missed , it was a minor miracle that he survived the entire year without major injury .	5
Top Design Australia is a reality television series focusing on interior design and renovation , hosted by Jamie Durie .	5
This occurs predominantly with programs shared between subscription television networks .	6
This was seen as the result of opposition to the Harmonized Sales Tax , which was very unpopular with voters .	6
The 280 caves located at PETAR represent the biggest concentration of caves in Brazil .	5
It also requires responsible persons to pay compensations when individuals suffer damage due to incorrect information about them .	7
He is currently the Nathaniel Ropes Professor of Political Economy at Harvard .	3
The federal administrative centre of Malaysia , Putrajaya , is also a planned city .	5
There were 2,408 housing units at an average density of 551.1 per square mile ( 212.8 / km ² ) .	6
Śwignajno Wielkie ( ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Stohl earned OMV-Kronos Citroën two points .	4
The existence of RCYL ( b ) itself made a problem .	6
There are two main techniques used to create a printing plate .	6
" I had to switch the wall .	4
The dedication , to Mrs. Vaughan , is dated from Kew .	4
Fargis competed in showjumping at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles .	7
The glaciers that carved Yosemite Valley left many hanging valleys that spawned the waterfalls that pour into the valley .	7
In 1991 , first-year head coach Dave Klarmann replaced Willie Scroggs , and led the Tar Heels through an undefeated regular season .	4
सारङ्गं शाशिबिम्बमेष्यति तुलां त्वत्प्रेयसीनां मुखैः ॥	5
The company subsequently branched out , introducing and improving upon other digital appliances .	5
This latter bone articulates with the distal phalanx at the interphalangeal joint .	3
For example : After looking at a red object , one may see a cyan echo / halo of the original object .	5
He represents the Sri Lanka Freedom Party .	5
The procedure was as follows :	3
Some of the genera of trilobites during the Carboniferous and Permian periods include :	6
The idea that Albany brought an army to rescue his brother appears in the brief chronicle written by the Jedburgh monk Adam Abell in the 1530s .	6
The cemetery contains the Commonwealth war graves of 109 service personnel of World War II .	6
While Bryan lay dying at Clonmel , Joan was allegedly out on a hunting expedition with her cousin , Gerald .	5
JKCS 041 is a group of galaxies with the distinction of being the farthest away galaxy group from Earth ever observed , as of 2009 .	7
The Lark Theater was built by the Blumenfeld family in 1936 , over a horse-shoe pit .	3
In 1924 , a house for church 's priest was built nearby .	5
The 103 electric locomotives have been produced by Electroputere from Craiova in two subseries for Yugoslav Railway .	4
For every 100 females , there were 97.0 males .	3
He plays drums in a band called Anza Mertaranta Allstars .	7
NTM intends to establish translation as an industry in the country .	5
He became 1975 Soviet Cup winner playing for FC Ararat Yerevan .	6
The first loss of a MiG-21 was recorded on 30 August 2012 .	4
As of May 2012 , Rizzle Kicks have sold over 1 million singles and over 600,000 albums in the UK .	4
The permanent exhibition at the center are :	4
On the ascent of the RGB , there are a number of internal events that produce observable external features .	6
The original inhabitants still maintain their links to the island , and still use the Rabi name in national competitions .	4
To absorb the massive recoil caused by firing their projectiles , the mortar tubes were almost always placed up against a mound of dirt .	7
" North Arm Cove , New South Wales	4
While the underlying technology had been developed , the main components needed to be developed , in particular the drive mechanism .	4
Dybowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Olecko County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Due to the success of their program in Division II , they became an NCAA Division I team in 1987 .	5
Kaler started his professional career with appointments as a research and teaching assistant at the University of Michigan from 1958 to summer 1960 .	5
Yoong 's sponsors dropped out and his father was forced to fund his son 's racing activities until the family became indebted .	6
He was the president of the Hindustani Prachar Sabha founded by Mahatma Gandhi and a member of the Gandhi Smarak Nidhi .	7
Agstafa district was established on January 24 , 1939 as one of the administrative districts of Azerbaijan .	5
" Social Security Government Pension Offset	5
Štorm also created a matching sans-serif companion design , Jannon Sans .	4
Although the song was never released as a single , it is one of the group 's best known songs and ranked No .	4
The white , wooden , octagonal church was built in 1824 to serve the inner part of the Sunndalen valley , along the river Driva .	5
Shortly after his arrival , one of the split-personalities of Xavier 's son Legion re-wrote the history of the X-Men turning himself into a hero .	6
Projects originating at Bates have gone on to tour and receive national and international acclaim .	7
Liverpool played Wolverhampton Wanderers a week before the final in their last match of the 1964 – 65 Football League First Division .	7
The name probably means either " rich mountain " or " strong mountain " .	4
He finished sixth at the 2014 Commonwealth Games and fourth at the 2015 Summer Universiade .	6
Hayes hit Kidd , stating he had better things to do than hang around losers .	7
In its 12th year , RFW has attracted over 500,000 unique listeners in 194 countries !	4
Rojas set his personal best ( 2 : 14.15 ) in the marathon on April 18 , 2004 in Havana .	3
It was separated by many miles of tortuous mountain roads from the settlements in the east " .	6
The three agencies cooperate on research programs and other issues that may have impacts on the resources .	7
Signed to Rage Records , the band released " Rhubarb " , their debut album , in 1997 .	6
There are three main languages in La Guajira , the most widespread is the Spanish language , followed by the Wayuu language .	4
Today bichons have again gained in popularity .	3
Since the first equality follows from the last two , for the diagram to commute it suffices to show ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) .	4
8 7 6 6 6 6 6 6	6
Several years later , the company began aging other cheese varieties , like cheddar , in the caves .	4
Super Game Boy compatible features such as frames were added as well .	5
Lenses of trilobites ' eyes were made of calcite ( calcium carbonate , CaCO ) .	5
She has been appearing in " Coronation Street " as Wendy Neeson .	3
The 74th Amendment made the provisions relating to urban local governments .	6
New Ark requested partial writing credits , and monetary reimbursement .	3
It was founded years ago with a collection of contemporary Haitian art .	4
The first season received mostly mixed reviews .	4
Originally , the album was set for release in 1995 under the name " The Fourth Reich " .	3
Among his fellow graduates were Jack Heard , Emil F. Reinhardt , John Millikin , James Muir , Oscar Griswold , Jack McCoach and Lewis Burton .	3
Major festivals are Holi , Diwali , Eid , Christmas and Raksha bandhan .	3
Gwoździany ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawonków , within Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
Kaufman directed the science fiction thriller , " Invasion of the Body Snatchers " in 1978 , which became his first box office hit .	6
However , in October 2017 , Cricket South Africa initially postponed the tournament until November 2018 , with it being cancelled soon after .	3
During extended wet periods , Long Lake reaches depths up to .	3
M A small shop is open part-time hours .	4
Nagy returned to Hungary in 1921 .	3
The main products grown are corn , rice , cotton , soybeans , beans , tomato , oranges , and guava .	3
241 ) , Carulli also published several supplements to the method , along with a method without explanatory text ( " L 'Anti Methode Op .	5
" Final : " ( 1 match ) This winners of the semi-final and Munster , who received a bye to this stage , contested this game .	6
Huzurkent railway station ( ) is a railway station in Huzurkent , Turkey , on the Adana-Mersin railway .	3
Wonderful " , on March 23 , 2015 .	3
His parents were Yoruba natives of Esa-Oke town , in the old Oyo State ( now in Osun State ) .	3
Most of them still go to Santa Crúz to do their shopping or marketing and to avail themselves of other services not available in their town .	6
It is one of the oldest synagogues in the world , the oldest synagogue in Europe and the oldest mainstream Jewish synagogue yet uncovered outside Israel .	4
Its main course students are selected from applicants and typically are recent graduates from Japanese civilian senior high schools who have completed twelve years of formal schooling .	7
Udai Pratap College is situated in the North Western part of the holy city of Varanasi in India .	5
13.Apolonia 2 1 0 1 2 : 6	5
" Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Lourdes	5
" Sons of Ben ( literary group )	3
Cherokmanov continued to command the 27th Rifle Corps until March 1947 .	5
The St Kilda Football Club Season 2008 began with the club winning the NAB Cup .	5
It was built in 1911 and extensively remodeled in 1926 .	4
He becomes vain of mind and short of temper .	5
The 2014 NHL Heritage Classic took place March 2 , 2014 in BC Place , with the Ottawa Senators facing off against the home team Vancouver Canucks .	7
Among his last works was another volume of poetry , " Simpla " ( " The Simple One " ) .	3
The first DVD set of the series was released on August 28 , 2018 , subtitled " Sparkle Party Season 1 , Part 1 " .	4
This was also deemed a repudiation of calls to break with the constant tradition of the Church by ordaining women to the priesthood .	7
For every 100 females , there were 96.9 males .	3
It consists of a main gallery and two auxiliary galleries , one stretching towards north and the other southwards .	6
The company is listed on Pakistan Stock Exchange .	4
In 1922 , these two districts were merged into the newly formed Timok Oblast with seat in Zaječar .	4
During the colonial era , the territory of La Guajira was disputed by the governors of Santa Marta and Venezuela , owing to deposits of pearls .	5
" Werdau Nord " was opened on 3 November 1898 as " Ladestelle " ( loading place ) " Werdau-Langenhessen " .	3
This was intended to provide access to new and existing players .	7
All schools were closed until 8 September so they could be checked .	3
22.6 % of all households were made up of individuals and 14 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
Furthermore , the municipality has signed contracts of cultural and economic partnerships with several communes :	6
They celebrate cultural events such as Nowruz .	5
Hence the importance of knowing the older chord tone approach .	7
A double CD containing the Tokyo concert recording was released in Germany on 11 June 2012 .	5
The Nordic Golf League is one of the four PGA European Tour-recognised third-tier men 's professional golf tours that are known as the Satellite Tours .	5
Air defense upgrades will include replacement of the Kashtan CIWS with the Panstyr-M and the 3K95 Kinzhal / Tor system with the Poliment-Redut system .	6
In 1862 the family moved to Detroit , Michigan , where he attended Philo Patterson 's School .	6
The record , originally released on Gotham G-296 in 1953 , was credited to Doris Browne with the Doc Bagby Orchestra .	4
" Take This Job and Shove It ( album )	3
ABC , meanwhile , remained in third place and still needed money to grow itself into a major competitor .	5
Ex Cathedra ( ) is a leading British choir and early music ensemble based in Birmingham in the West Midlands , England .	3
He has featured for the Georgia national under-21 football team .	3
As Anders comforts her , they begin to have sex , but Frank finds them and kills Anders .	3
Phair herself claims the album to be a direct song-by-song " response " of sorts to " Exile on Main St " .	5
The digit implies a climbing lifestyle , as they serve to allow for hooking onto the grooves of trees .	7
Upon Flightlines demise the airline had debts exceeding £ 6 Million .	7
The village has a population of 270 .	4
Thangam and Amritavalli agree to let Mano marry Maha .	4
Those provisions were fought by the campaign 's planner at the council level and on to the Planning Tribunal as Appeal no .	4
In 2010 it was inducted to the National Recording Registry .	4
This led to the creation of a new road called Home Park Walk .	7
" Department of Health and Family Services	5
At the time , Wahid was trying to make Suharto hand back all the money which he had allegedly obtained through corruption when he was president .	6
1969 - Resigned as Advocate General U.P .	5
The village has a population of 71 .	4
The album is named after Black Panther Party co-founder Huey P. Newton ’ s autobiography .	7
In 1994 , he was appointed Professor Emeritus in the Orthodontic Department .	3
Clarksburg is served by the North Central West Virginia Airport , approximately 7 miles east of the city .	6
It has an area of 1,371 km ² and a population of 262,110 at the 2006 census .	7
Generation 1 characters underwent two reboots with Dreamwave in 2001 and IDW Publishing in 2005 , also as a remastered series .	3
None of the occupants are able to leave because of an unnatural snowstorm that brings extreme and fatal cold .	7
She left the convoy at Curaçao , arriving on 10 November .	4
However , Giles was removed from the team due to disciplinary concerns .	4
The Hawaii State Legislature established the Kahoʻolawe Island Reserve to restore and to oversee the island and its surrounding waters .	5
She was the wife of Theseus and the mother of Demophon of Athens and Acamas .	6
In Africa , animals hunted for their pelts or ivory are sometimes referred to as the " big game " .	4
This was the 17th overseas deployment for " Enterprise " since her maiden voyage on 12 January 1962 .	3
Lenox moved to the Eastern Oregon city of Weston in 1870 where he purchased a farm .	4
Credits adapted from the liner notes of " Doo-Wops & Hooligans " , Elektra Records	6
28 , which was published in 1801 .	4
He attempted to use this device to kidnap the President of the United States , who was visiting Metropolis .	6
In February 2008 , Thomas Böcker mentioned some considerations about a continuation of the " Symphonic Game Music Concert " series in Cologne .	6
The Branković family descends from the Nemanjići and the Lazarevići via female line .	4
Famous tourist attractions nearby are Thekkady , Anchuruli ( near Kattappana ) , Ottakathalamedu , Kalvery Mount , Wagamon , Pine forest , Kalyanathandu etc .	3
The 68th Golden Globe Awards were held on 16 January 2011 .	4
↑ Boosts profits and cut costs	4
Interest in learning to read happens at a wide variety of ages .	7
27 OCT 1977 Paraguay 25 - 13 Brasil	6
One major result was his description of spore discharge in the Basidiomycetes involving the formation of a drop of liquid .	6
The following players have been called up to the Montserrat squad in the last 12 months .	3
It is headed by the " Commissioner of Transportation " .	4
He plays for Sepahan in the Persian Gulf Pro League .	6
It lies approximately east of Lubliniec and north of the regional capital Katowice .	6
Their music is characterized by fast , catchy choruses , fast rhythms , and guitar solos .	3
A man discovers no one knows him .	4
BDSF ) is the main professional organization encompassing the majority of licensed appraisers in Germany .	5
Orick is served by U.S. Highway 101 and smaller county roads .	4
The official WWE website later announced that she was resting at home after suffering from a heart arrhythmia , which was what caused her to pass out .	7
A Naugaja Peer pilgrim centre is located in Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh located on National Highway 73 which connects Roorkee in Uttarakhand to Panchkula in Haryana .	6
The secretary of Miyaji Academy 's student council .	4
In List A cricket , Murphy made 89 appearances in that format for Surrey from 1989 to 1994 .	3
They were thrown into the notorious prison at the fortress of Montjuïc in Barcelona and tortured .	5
The executive consists of a President , Vice-President , Sports Representative , Social Representative , Junior Vice-President , Junior Sports Representative , Treasurer , and Secretary .	3
Released August 29 , 2000 , " Live ! "	3
" Of course , I can see why people might be offended by the lyrics .	4
According to the , it has a population of people .	4
Some advantages of job enlargement are a variety of skills , improves earning capacity , and wide range of activities .	4
FC Nürnberg , followed by another championship in 1928 , won against another club from Berlin , Hertha BSC .	5
As only two specimens of this species have been observed , questions have been raised regarding whether this taxon is distinct from Eliurus tanala .	5
Filmmakers consulted NASA in designing the scientific aspects of the film .	5
Therefore , Thursday is the election day for the European Parliament Elections .	3
The school 's sixth form boarding house , " Burnaby " , is situated on Burnaby Road .	4
January 2006 saw Elie Wiesel 's " Night " selected ; Winfrey even traveled to Auschwitz with Wiesel .	4
Among his other works are " Bacche morte " ; " Farfalle morenti " ; " Sera " ; " Ruit-Horn " , and " Impressions " .	3
The Nelson region houses several museums .	3
Under the rules in place since the 2012 season , priority draft picks are given out to struggling teams at the discretion of the AFL Commission .	6
It is designed for clients who require modularity and scalable performance .	6
Alwen , a vampire princess bonds with him to save his life and Ragna promises to reclaim Alwen 's stolen castle to repay her .	6
" Los Angeles County Employees Retirement Association	6
As a result , veteran dramas " Once Upon a Time " and " Marvel Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. "	5
The U.S. is the most prominent country in Media M & A with 41 of the top 50 deals having an acquiror from the United States .	7
" List of nonlinear narrative television series	4
" Oppenheim and St. Johnsville Union Society Church	6
Between the two clubs an average of 1600 tickets are sold to events every week .	4
For 2016 Antonelli was considered one of the championship contenders after he started the season with a win at the opening race in Qatar .	7
Some verb stems can be reduplicated to add the meaning of repetitive or intermittent activity .	7
Jair Ventura Filho ( born 25 December 1944 ) , better known as Jairzinho ( ) , is a retired Brazilian footballer .	5
It is found in Ethiopia and Kenya .	4
It was than release in North America in April 11 , 2001 .	3
During World War I , from 1914 to 1918 , 35 more locomotives were produced .	6
They had at least four children .	5
1986 - SUO Sagar Vinaykumar Patwardhan ( Maharashtra )	6
He also played the genie in the lamp in " Aladdin " at the Theatre Royal , Newcastle , in the 1990s .	3
Belington is located at ( 39.025706 , -79.938166 ) .	3
There is an active historical society that maintains sites of historical importance in the area .	7
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 .	5
Miedźno is a village in Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	3
USS LSM-547 " Clive Steele " earned four battle stars for her service in the Korean War alone .	4
Also at this time he began his novel " Geniu pustiu " ( " Wasted Genius " ) , published posthumously in 1904 in an unfinished form .	4
An unusual grill was used featuring large round holes instead of the more common slats or hexagonal holes .	5
over any path which is a member of the group to which it is reserved .	6
During its first nine years the event was held in Macon , Georgia , USA .	3
The appraiser has to think about the way that most buyers usually buy a given type of property .	6
" Percik Pesona " was Chrisye 's second solo album and fifth album overall .	6
The film stars Samantha Janus , Gary Olsen , Neil Morrissey , Brian Glover , Griff Rhys Jones and Tony Slattery .	3
683 , 685 ) , in the religio-philosophical work " Zikron ha-Datot , " and of " Quppat ha-Rokelim . "	3
According to some sources , this was by the Orquesta Sinfónica de México in the Teatro Hidalgo in Mexico City on 8 December 1933 ( ; ) .	3
Bradford continued with 75 cows and continued milk operations west of Tallahassee as the Leon County Milk Company .	7
After weeks of ascending and descending the charts , " Baby " reached a peak of four .	6
Among them - famous Soviet Ukrainian artists , painters , writers , politicians , professors , teachers , scientists , priests and so on .	3
The median age was 40 years .	3
The opening address of the 1912 Salon de la Section d 'Or — the most important pre-World War I Cubist exhibition — was given by Apollinaire .	6
" Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy	5
" List of places in Bridgend County Borough	5
The Nunn Center contains over 8,000 interviews featuring a variety of individuals and projects .	7
Calpain dysregulation affects basal body anchoring to the apical cytoskeleton affecting axeonemal formation .	7
Jack Royce Woolf was born to Jeff D. and Emily Mahaza ( Bradley ) Woolf on June 10 , 1924 , in Trinidad , Texas .	5
The Group bombed such targets as troops in the Falaise-Argentan area in August 1944 .	3
On this album , Åkerström interprets songs of the Swedish folk author , Birger Sjöberg	5
She served in the MK alongside cadres such as Curnick Ndlovu .	6
He was elected to the Providence City Council in 1978 and was re-elected in 1982 .	4
Boat Construction : Carbon / Kevlar – Epoxy	5
Very similar to " Phylloneta sisyphia " , the prosoma is reddish yellow , with a broad , brown-black margin and a median stripe .	3
Endevor separates the control of source from the objects used as input and the objects created as output when an action is performed .	7
In the 20th century , several mountain crests were deforested because of their climatically exposed location .	4
The trip they won depended on how many matches were made .	7
Smoleń ( ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
It is sold in Cave Creek , Carefree , Scottsdale , and Phoenix .	4
When Cosimo was exiled from Florence , Donatello returned to Rome , remaining until 1433 .	4
There are Ten ( 10 ) teams competing in the 2018 South Coast Group 7 VB First Grade Competition :	7
Although a Protestant himself , Salis-Soglio was a staunch Conservative and an opponent of the liberal Radicals who now controlled the " rump Confederation " .	6
Sacred prostitution was once practised by the Miko within traditional Shinto in Japan .	4
These interests have , in part , contributed to Durrant treading a difficult and at times solitary path through the music business .	7
They promised to air a series of public service announcements in Christopher 's honor .	7
He reported experiencing symptoms of PTSD .	5
In 1999 , a new logo was created , featuring " B104.7 " and the new positioning statement was shortened to " Hot Country " .	4
President of the Superior Junta : Francisco Antonio Pérez ( 12 April-23 August ) , Patriot , José Miguel Infante ( 23 August- ) , Patriot	3
He never went to America , but avoided contact with Wei .	5
Root like structures called rhizoids are present .	5
The transporter is not working , leaving him unable to search elsewhere .	5
Attendance at house debates varies weekly , with debates attracting anywhere between 30 and 300 people .	6
Ong personally mentors students with viable business plans at ERCI .	4
For the occasion , she was joined by special guests who spent the last few years recording with her .	7
The village has a population of 381 .	4
Currently , minimum standards for scope of work are :	4
The centre also houses a number of aquariums , fed with stream water from Nagle 's Hill Brook .	7
The CRIA has neither confirmed nor denied its involvement despite Demonoid 's claims .	7
Roger Hunt gave Liverpool the lead in the match held at West Bromwich 's home ground , The Hawthorns , in the 44th minute .	6
George William may refer to :	3
It lies approximately north-west of Jeziorany and north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
The film was dubbed in Tamil as " Auto Rani " .	3
From there , one of his two R.550 Magic missiles impacted directly behind the lead MiG and forced it down .	4
The character had been subtly suggested to be dead , and mentions in this episode that he has just " been very sick " .	3
texts contain detailed analytical methods to identify the substance or product and control its quality and quantitative strength .	6
She continues to perform and tour with her daughters Amy Blume and Karla Blume .	7
Carpenter became a Harvard instructor in 1888 and assistant professor at MIT until 1893 .	6
At the población , there are only a few commercial establishments which cater to the basic services of the people .	6
The CBR had taken possession of the Southern Maryland Railroad 's railbed in Washington , DC in 1898 .	6
They also released Dropout ! , which was an album of cover songs by other artists , such as The Savages and 13th Floor Elevators in 2004 .	5
" Party of National Unity ( Czechoslovakia )	3
Åsarp-Trädet FK currently plays in Division 4 Västergötland norra which is the sixth tier of Swedish football .	5
Ching also featured in a six-part one-hour documentary - " " for National Geographic Channel in the United States alongside well-known chefs in November 2014 .	3
She was awarded the OBE in 2002 .	3
He was to take command of the forces sent to the frontier .	6
He was interred in the Cimetière du Montparnasse in Paris .	3
We also participate in Scór na nÓg and Scór Sinsear competitions .	6
Selegiline has proven problematic as a treatment for Parkinson 's disease because it is metabolized to ( meth ) amphetamine , which gives rise to adverse effects .	7
King Richard II arrived in Ireland in 1394 , at the head of an army which consisted of over 8,000 men .	7
If Hallen had not resigned , it was quite probable he would have been dismissed also .	3
In the interest of simplicity , it uses notation and definitions , such as opportunity cost , unavailable to Ricardo .	5
Suddenly Mickey returns having heard the gunshot , and when he sees Pluto he thinks he is dead .	5
With the authorization to use the bomb against Japan already given , no alternatives were considered after the Japanese rejection of the Potsdam Declaration .	4
During the interwar period , agricultural productivity was boosted by the introduction of mechanization , lime and the improvement of seed stocks .	6
The small animals represented are snakes , lizards , slow worms , frogs , turtles , squirrels , snails , rabbits , monkeys and spiders .	3
The current line-up comprises Liggins , Solowka , Tymruk , Wood , Weatherhead and Howe .	3
This specimen is housed at the Yale Peabody Museum .	4
Women are also often expected to be the ones mainly responsible for childrearing , which can impact their career .	7
In boxing she held the WBC female super-welterweight title from 2014 to 2016 , and has challenged once for the undisputed female welterweight championship in 2017 .	5
I think I need not tell you , for ye know it better than I. "	7
The episode parodies the Lance Armstrong doping scandal and subsequent fallout .	7
The small , solitary white flowers of " A. vesiculosa " are supported above the water level by short peduncles which arise from whorl axes .	5
" Barrios Chinos " are also pan-Asian areas .	3
Changes to lower level modules required various levels of approval .	7
In 1897 , Latrobe was the first football team to play a full season with a team composed entirely of professional players .	7
Tresilian Bay takes its name from Prince Silian who is reputed to have kept court there in the 3rd and 4th centuries .	7
In 2008 , after the victory of the centre-left coalition led by Borut Pahor , Rupel was replaced as foreign minister by Samuel Žbogar .	6
The population of Jalasjärvi was ( ) and covered a land area of .	7
Both two most common types , expressive aphasia and receptive aphasia , affect speech perception to some extent .	3
Though the album does not break new ground musically or thematically for the genre , it brings a polish and sheen far beyond a debut record .	5
Across the supply chain , IIoT can improve the maintenance process , the overall safety , and the connectivity .	3
Baykal-Energiya 's second team Baykal-Energiya-2 plays in the Russian Bandy Supreme League , the second tier of Russian bandy .	4
Henry VIII fell for Anne Boleyn in 1526 , the same year in which Sandys was appointed Lord Chamberlain and Captain of Guisnes .	7
When his regiment once again faces the enemy , Henry acts as standard-bearer , who carries a flag .	5
In 1999 the game with its source code was released as Emailware .	4
However , the second objective is not achieved by many known chance-corrected measures .	3
They are seen to be addressing issues labeled as feminine .	6
Annual Cannonball run at Galle Face Hotel	4
The thumb contrasts with each of the other four by being the only digit that :	4
Berghamn is the westernmost ferry harbour of the autonomous Finnish territory Åland , in the Archipelago Sea within the Baltic sea .	3
The top goalscorers were Tirnanić and Tomašević ( both from Yugoslavia ) with 3 goals each .	3
The turbines of type N100 / 2500 have rotor diameter .	5
And anything can enslave us : science , history , art , or the militarism of a Zen monastery .	5
Eugene escaped down the Tiber to Ostia , where the friendly Florentines were only too happy to receive him .	5
Teased by his work mates in the Medical company he worked in he took up the challenge .	4
Douglas W. " Doug " Carlson ( November 1 , 1939 – April 22 , 2013 ) was an American veterinarian , beef farmer , and politician .	6
Most residents of West Virginia were yeomen farmers who supported the Union and , during the Civil War , they voted to separate from Virginia .	6
Production changes and updates were made to keep the system current with the changing California and federal emissions requirements .	7
In 1959 she was one of the winners of a contest to be displayed in the Parliament of Norway .	7
Scotty Morris most likely has too much of a full schedule with Big Bad Voodoo Daddy to return to the band at this time .	4
Her happiness is ill-fated when Maleficent , who wasn 't invited , curses her daughter .	7
The race at Brno , became Yoong 's best results after taking a win in both the sprint and feature races .	7
Then , by using Cauchy 's integral formula ,	7
In 1985 , Reagan signed the Israel – United States Free Trade Agreement , the first bilateral free trade agreement in U.S. history .	4
Spyro is capable of both close-quarter and long-range combat .	5
Artists ' styles range from jazz , hip-hop , soul , folk , americana , blues , bluegrass , punk , metal and rock .	3
" 1996 United States House of Representatives elections in North Carolina	3
In 2008 , new constructions came virtually to a halt , but prices were initially relatively stable with sellers reluctant to offer large discounts .	7
She had three sons , the third of which , San Bao , was also a composer .	5
His father , Saliba Khamis , was a Christian Palestinian .	4
The writers on this blog come from all walks of life , and all versions of religious belief systems " .	4
This resulted in major surgery which severely affected her ability to dance .	6
The advanced elements of the battalion stepped off on 27 May .	5
The goal caused the Liverpool fans behind the goal to surge forward , which resulted in the collapse of a wooden railing .	5
They were formed by glaciers and include Lake Wakatipu , Lake Tekapo and Lake Manapouri .	5
" Princess Holiday " takes place in a medieval town near a kingdom .	3
Credits adapted from Nonesuch Records .	4
In September 2014 , Convergence Ventures invested in MalesBanget , founded by	6
" Cuba at the 2011 Parapan American Games	5
The village has a population of 169 .	4
eVoice was acquired by AOL Time-Warner in 2001 and became part of the AOL voice services group .	6
Altschwendt is a municipality in the district of Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .	6
Tragedy would strike when House Foundation member Paul Randall became very ill . Mike Bohan joined the show in 1995 after 20 years at WSMV .	5
The Hossack front suspension system consists of 2 wish-bones , an upright and steering linkage .	5
1 & 10 a year later .	5
In 2006 , a Portuguese version was also aired at SIC and was a massive hit .	3
Ballarat railway station is the main railway station for Ballarat Central and also the urban area .	3
They reportedly wrote a song a day .	4
Nine " villes nouvelles " were created .	3
Jean Pierre Moulin was born at 6 rue d 'Alsace in Béziers ( Hérault ) , son of Antoine-Émile Moulin and Blanche Élisabeth Pègue .	6
Crunchyroll streamed the series with Funimation providing the English Dub .	6
न कोऽपि जातो जगतीतलेऽस्मिन् प्रपीतवान् स्फीतपयो जनन्याः ।	7
He was raised on a dairy farm and graduated from Brillion High School in Brillion , Wisconsin before graduating from Marquette University and Marquette University Law School .	7
Honghu station ( ) is a Metro station of Shenzhen Metro Line 7 .	3
Other sponsors are EDF DÉMÁSZ , ESMA Group , Hunguest Hotels , MKB Bank , Rauch , RiverRide , Theodora , Volán and Weltauto .	3
A segment at the end of the show that featured spiritual counselors , ordinary people who had been involved in extraordinary situations .	6
Scorno ; sulle rive della Salza ogni	6
corridors and premises of the House ;	4
He was returned again at the next three general elections , and held the seat until his death in 1875 .	4
He now sought specimens collected by captain Robert FitzRoy and crewmen .	6
Magic , Inc . ( 1940 ) is a science fantasy novella by Robert A. Heinlein .	4
There were 16 Knockout matchups in two 2-hour episodes and only 20 artists advanced on to the Live Shows .	7
Complete list of nominees and winners :	5
Iowa 340 was designated in 1936 to connect Pikes Peak State Park to the primary highway system ; it first appeared on the state map in 1937 .	4
" Numenera 2 " also used a Kickstarter campaign for initial funding obtaining $ 845,258 from 4,185 backers .	6
^ Air Chrysalis Scandinavia . , Accessed 2007-12-18	6
Both of Unger 's parents were intellectuals .	5
Jimmy Massey became the last-place finisher after having to drop out prior to the race due to a terminal crash with Jimmy Pardue .	7
" Anak Perawan di Sarang Penjamun	5
In 1958 , she completed " Under the Sun " , a full-length stage play , which was bought by the Royal Court Theatre in London .	7
20th anniversary of the siege of Sarajevo	4
I was not strong , I was not smart , I was a little girl .	3
Springfield Secondary School ( abbreviation : SPF or SPFSS ) is a secondary school located in Tampines , in the eastern part ] ] of Singapore .	6
People who died in Walmer include :	5
The marriage , Mike told Doug on film , " was not loving , it was a functioning association " .	3
" Robert Morris Colonials men 's ice hockey	5
After much deliberation , he granted them permission to settle and live there .	6
The renovation itself may date to around 1825 .	3
The Ars Magna ( " The Great Art " ) is an important Latin-language book on algebra written by Gerolamo Cardano .	5
MacArthur is originally from Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , and lives in Toronto .	3
That same year he wrote the story and screenplay for the short film " Santallegria " , on the subject of transsexuality .	4
The grade teachers were : Misses Margaret Moriarty , Eva Hughes , Lissie Hogg , Nora Sommerville , Lillian Kincade , Virginia Behan and Nannie E. Jarrot .	3
In March 1978 , he was on duty in the Flight Control Center for Vladimír Remek 's flight aboard Soyuz 28 .	4
A pier would accommodate Chesapeake Bay excursion steamers from Baltimore , Annapolis , and Eastern Shore points .	4
Before embarking on her Christian music career , she was accepted into the Jacob 's School of Music at Indiana University , but decided not to attend .	4
It lies approximately south-east of Białogard and north-east of the regional capital Szczecin .	6
A demo song was written but never recorded , which was based on lyrics from an earlier demo that was never finished .	7
Continuity is often rather loose , as individual chapters rarely reference one another .	4
Traditional dressings in France are vinaigrettes , typically mustard-based , while sour cream ( smetana ) and mayonnaise are predominant in eastern European countries and Russia .	6
Attempts to remove the anti-relief justices failed .	5
Nonetheless , a locksmith who arrived at Nisman 's apartment was quoted as stating that he found a hidden entrance to the apartment open upon his arrival .	6
In English , Matthew Mercer voiced Toshimasu in " " while Eric Vale voiced him in the anime adaptions .	4
Since 1982 , the " New York University Journal of International Law and Politics " hosts an annual symposium on an important topic of international law .	5
Inside are obovate or occasionally circular , smooth , glabrous ( without hair ) and brown or dark henne coloured seeds .	3
Roosevelt used an executive agreement that did not require Congressional approval , but he came under heavy attack from antiwar political elements .	5
" Here are listed only the seasons disputed as " FC Kariya " " ' .	4
The General Aeroplane Company was Detroit 's first commercial airplane builder .	3
Evergreen leaves appear from underground rhizomes , are simple with an entire leaf blade , and lie close to the ground .	5
During 1995 legislation was passed through the House of Commons entitled the JobSeekers Act 1995 .	6
The winds over Antarctica are called the polar easterlies where winds blow from the east to the west .	6
A minute before the end of the half , Liverpool another chance , but Hunt 's shot from was saved by Sprake .	6
Participants use armour and weapons specified by SCA standards and rules .	5
On 25 December 1914 , it left its division on landing at Le Havre .	3
Without it , the French constitution would clearly define a presidential system , albeit with strong powers endowed to the executive branch by the constitution .	4
The medical staff worked from in-depth , aggressive treatment protocols .	3
There are multiple articles on churches known as Wesley Uniting Church :	7
He was President Dutch Trading Company , Amsterdam ( 1907 – 1912 ) .	3
Warriors FC ( formerly SAF FC ) hold the most titles at nine .	4
Some complained there was a conflict of interest , though a judge later found no fault .	5
Countries that have signed the ECA are allocated representation on the ELIXIR Board .	5
He did the wrong thing by me , but his was an incredible performance , and nobody could ever take that away from him . "	6
Services operated by SNCB / NMBS TGV :	5
Krishna as Vijay attempts to save Shubha 's character from being killed for her property by the villains in various attempts .	7
Frankenstein has possession of Dark Spear , a human-created weapon modeled after Nobles ' soul weapons .	7
2001 : Bow – Lost2002 : Seven – Won2003 : Five – Won2005 : Bow – Won	3
Under the Order a regime for the Company 's governance of the new protectorate was established .	5
In July 2013 , Sanchez moved the studio from a 3,500 sq.-ft. building to a bigger building that is currently located on North Clybourn .	7
In 1993 she won the Levstik Award for her illustrations of traditional stories of Chinese minorities " Brokatna podoba " ( Brocade Image ) .	7
The principal facade faces the harbor with an enclosed porch supported by paired Tuscan columns .	6
They are paid a salary as employees of the Ministry of Defense .	5
This booklet contains other references , notably Arnold Wilkins ' memoirs held at Churchill College Cambridge	7
Davis had a complex relationship with the black community , and drew criticism after publicly supporting President Richard Nixon in 1972 .	5
The film stars Robert Paige , Frances Langford , Leon Errol , Walter Catlett , Joe Sawyer and Jennifer Holt .	3
His name and pink color are both homages to classic rock acts – he is a Pink Floyd , named after " Sgt .	4
Outside of the estate , his head is grafted onto a human body , taking the guise of a perfectly normal adult man .	6
She was sentenced to one year and two months imprisonment for doping and weapon crimes .	6
Based on the Köppen climate classification , Mount Foch is located in a subarctic climate with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers .	3
He came to prominence , however , in Leonard Bernstein 's theatre piece " MASS " , creating the role of the Celebrant .	7
Some think they are government or corporate " Scope Riders " hired to police their patron 's Domains or hunt down subversives and thieves .	7
Juno launched its ride sharing services in New York City in 2016 .	6
At some time the Social Security Advisory Committee felt a need for an initiative so " The Employment Skills and Regulations Scheme " was considered .	5
Temperatures in this region varies from 17-18 ° C in winter to 30-32 ° C in summer .	3
The bank launched as St Michael Financial Services in 1985 , using Marks & Spencer 's main brand at the time .	6
Berenice Abbott photographed the view of the tower above Patchin Place in 1937 .	6
There were stages to Norwood and Marmora .	5
On 8 May , Germany surrendered unconditionally ; the remaining naval units , including the surviving U-boats , surrendered to Allied forces .	5
What are the intersections of genetic and cultural identities ?	6
A predominantly lava dome overlies a basal shield volcano .	4
The film closes with a scene showing Amber as co-anchor of the evening news for Minneapolis – St .	7
In the United States , the series began airing on 21 June 2010 on Disney XD at 9 : 30am .	3
The old man stubbornly refuses to give in .	3
The show stars Adam Baldwin , Rhona Mitra , Charles Parnell , Sam Spruell , Travis Van Winkle , Marissa Neitling and Christina Elmore .	3
In the years of 2004 and 2007 , he was executive director of Terranova , a german TV station .	4
" Joe Zawinul : A Musical Portrait " , 2005 < br >	3
" Inuyasha the Movie : Affections Touching Across Time	6
Four species have been recorded in North Dakota .	3
It also competes against another CA source code management tool , Panvalet .	6
Religious opposition to the imam 's rule surfaced in 1768 .	5
The manuscript contains the text of the four Gospels on 306 parchment leaves ( ) .	6
Filming took place between 26 August 1978 and 23 December 1978 at locations around Middlesex and Hertfordshire as well as London , including Wembley Stadium .	5
The mortar consists of a steel tube closed at one end by a steel base-plate , which rests on a wooden platform .	6
Jim married two more times in his lifetime , giving Grace four half-brothers , whom she had little to do with .	7
Unlike Sunni Islam , " Messianism is an essential part of religious belief and practice for almost all Shi 'a Muslims . "	4
He studied acting at the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute London .	7
A sketch card displays original artwork on a standard-size trading card , usually measuring 2.5 " ( 65mm ) x 3.5 " ( 90mm ) .	3
The internal classification of Mixtec is controversial .	4
Scobey graduated from Immaculate Conception High School in Memphis , Tennessee in 1967 .	4
The price of such equipment in 1980 was around £ 1,300 .	7
Boys will use the specialist facilities for French , Art , ICT , Music and Design Technology .	4
Jankowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
It is a tributary of the Runde River and its major tributaries include the Tokwane River .	4
At that same time the children of Mooseheart kneel at their bedside in prayers as well .	3
Smith gave her the opportunity to work on her own as a lighting designer on " Beggar 's Holiday " ( 1946 ) .	7
In other words , he simply didn 't want to make the recordings because the Victor Company represented big business and commercialization .	7
" The Beaver Indians , Beaver Texts , " and " The Beaver Dialect " ( 1916 – 17 )	3
NeGP was formulated by the Department of Electronics and Information Technology ( DeitY ) and Department of Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances ( DARPG ) .	7
Strange learns about Jonathan Pangborn , a paraplegic who mysteriously regained use of his legs .	7
She lost the fight via submission in the first round .	3
4Ten released their debut single , " Tornado " , on August 26 , 2014 .	3
His paintings consist largely of " Madonna and Child " images , " Pietà " , and the altarpieces known as polyptychs that were increasingly unfashionable .	6
There are two principal neodymium magnet manufacturing methods :	7
1986 - Class 5A Regional Playoffs Quarterfinals /	6
They had at least five daughters .	5
Cirrus duplicatus is a variety of cirrus cloud .	3
The clubs taking part in the 2017 – 18 league are :	7
" 1880 United States presidential election in Connecticut	3
Apart from the town of Yanam itself , the following villages fall under the district 's jurisdiction :	6
For every 100 females , there were 96.9 males .	3
The church was made a memorial Shrine in 1944 , and in the early 1950s several extensions were added .	4
The Municipal Corporations Act 1876 stated that Nelson was constituted a city on 30 March 1874 .	5
Dubey was variously Union 's President and Secretary from its formation till his death on 20 January 1993 ( for 30 years continuously ) .	3
Listening back to everything we said , ' Well , this would be an interesting addition . ' " .	5
This is due to the security model within Endevor for which requires explicit security access .	5
On June 11 , MTVU.com premiered the music video for the first single , " O.G. "	3
When the 3rd city wall was built in 1344-46 , the " Golatenmatt " gate was built at the end of Aarbergergasse .	4
Simonnet made her debut in Monte-Carlo in January 1885 under Pasdeloup .	3
Ao , C. , Li , A. , Elzaawely , A. , & Tawata , S. ( 2008 ) .	3
The city is an abode of many wildlife , temples , waterfalls , caves , lakes , museums , historic monuments and what not .	3
In March 2016 , Earl sold his stake in Everton Football Club to Farhad Moshiri at a reported £ 175million valuation .	3
Duverney 's sole heir , Count de la Blache , took Beaumarchais to court , claiming the signed statement was a forgery .	6
" North Middlesex University Hospital NHS Trust	6
By the early 1990s , the office was shifted to the Astoria Hotel in Bur Dubai .	3
He was then offered and accepted a two-year 1st team contract .	5
On this album , Åkerström interprets songs of the Swedish folk author , Ruben Nilson .	5
The lyrical content consists of " necessary us-against-the-world teen-love dramatics . "	3
Broadcast rights were held by free-to-air network ABC .	3
" 1996 Fed Cup Europe / Africa Zone Group II – Play-offs	7
Bhor is one of the Indian cities which has a Martian crater named after it .	7
As Colin exits the house , Alexis ' phone rings .	5
Charlemagne assumed the title " King of the Lombards " .	5
This statement is also called the Chernoff bound .	3
Lunds BK 18 12 3 3 53-27 27 Promoted	7
Harry tried to pin the blame on Declan , but he later admitted that the bottle was his and he was suspended from Erinsborough High .	5
It is located about northwest of the city in a rural setting south of Arkansas Highway 59 .	6
As of 2008 neither story has been published in North America .	4
A large ornamental fountain was installed in the central basin in 1817 .	3
In 1978 , Romeo Muller won a Peabody Award for his teleplay for " The Hobbit " .	3
However , " Big Earl " was unsuccessful in competing with the ubiquitous and market-leading CISN-FM .	6
However , they covered other products , ranging from fishing rods to household items , such as wall clocks .	6
In other countries , the aluminum-made Nokia Lumia 925 is offered instead of 928 , although the 925 is also available on T-Mobile US .	4
Five directors also voted , making the film ranked at # 132 in the directors ' poll .	7
Mr. Ward worked as an administrator for New York City Schools .	6
This work contended that rational consumers would spend a proportional amount of what they perceived to be their permanent income .	7
This village is located about equidistant between Talegaon to the northwest and Gogalgaon to the southeast on State Highway 45 .	7
With this design Corrigan wanted to make a strong and positive statement about the selling of art .	6
As an advanced technology course , the modules in the CREST MSc include biomass , wind , solar , water / marine and electrical integration .	4
Historically , Trinity Preparatory School has been Lake Highland 's primary athletic rival , mirroring their academic rivalry .	4
The film stars Édouard Baer , Jean-Pierre Marielle , Audrey Tautou , Jackie Berroyer , Alex Gagnol and Noa Bernaoui-Savreux .	3
The regions are South Wales East , South Wales Central , South Wales West , Mid and West Wales and North Wales .	4
Before leaving , Nora steals one of the mobster 's Lamborghini .	7
Alor Setar has many sport facilities that are open to the public .	5
For example , automobile OEMs or aviation OEMs are usually interested in developing mechanical components that meet the following objectives :	6
Other works , among them include a " Dopo la vincita " , exhibited in Turin in 1880 .	5
from the graduate acting program at UCSD .	3
Johanneson switched positions with Storrie , moving from the right to the left .	4
The village has a population of 970 .	4
In particular , the direction " sul tasto " ( Ital . , also " sulla tastiera " , Fr .	3
The earliest known graffiti in the house date to the Second Manassas Campaign in August 1862 , as the armies transited Culpeper County .	4
" Freedom at Risk : Reflections on Politics , Liberty , and the State " , was released in December 2010 .	6
Gang-du is captured by the Army .	3
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .	7
Serviceability rates below 50 % are not uncommon .	4
In chronological order , the attorneys have been Dieter Renz , Rainer Franck , Johannes Voss and Markus Lessing , who ( ) is the current attorney .	3
For example , class conflict has been habituated through unions , collective bargaining , the court system , and legislative debate .	3
Wabalakananke , Wadiya , Wadiyagoda , Waduborala , Wadugegoda , Wadumulla , Waduwadeniya , Waduweliwitiya , Wagegoda , Wagugoda , Wahala , Walgama , Weeraketiya	3
In reality , Crace 's ships were undamaged and shot down four G4Ms .	4
The leaching of highly water soluble tannins from decaying vegetation and leaves along a stream may produce what is known as a blackwater river .	5
Ryn ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
It was established in 1942 .	3
Further damage was reported to buildings inside the cordoned central business district , with an estimate of 75 additional buildings needing demolition .	5
It returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .	7
There are 5 levels in the game ( 2 in iOS and Android normal versions ) , four of which with original music .	6
Gold lives in Brooklyn with his family .	4
The oldest genuine butterflies of the superfamily Papilionoidea have been found in the Paleocene MoClay or Fur Formation of Denmark .	4
The latter promotion was granted specifically in recognition of his valor .	4
Tjepkema was born in 1970 .	3
He created enough support for this that an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company was held on 6 January 1849 .	5
The album has sold over three million copies and was certified triple platinum on November 11 , 2015 .	4
Liu is considered the most important member of the " Rivers and Lakes ( 江湖詩派 jiānghú shīpăi ) " group of poets .	7
For this reason he has stayed at their house .	3
The National Constituent Assembly named Colonel Osvaldo López Arellano as the country ’ s first chief of the armed forces .	4
number of courses to be administered at this campus has been	6
He has since been offered a permanent position in the X-Men 's teaching staff .	5
After the CPR established a station at a particular site , it would plan how the town would be constructed .	4
In September 2008 , " Tatler " featured Cash as one of ten top up-and-coming Tories , tipping her as a future Housing Minister .	5
Cirrus radiatus is a variety of cirrus cloud .	3
name meesam abbas , education , dpharma , my eddres , nogava sadat , disti , amroha	3
The racial makeup of the town was 37.6 % White , 57.2 % African American , and 5.2 % from two or more races .	4
For the work , the poet was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit in 2005 , and several other awards .	3
Units stationed at Step / Olovyannaya include :	6
Perhaps the greatest change was that it abolished the Landsgemeinde , which had formerly been the supreme authority .	4
New queens are usually rejected by an existing hive .	3
The Bombay Mutiny and other signs of unrest in the armed forces of India had already caused the British to start their retreat from that country .	7
Confidence in the British bomber force was low .	5
In 2007-2008 Johnson was a vocalist and background section leader for Queen Latifah .	3
The bridge is constructed of masonry , plastered and whitewashed with exposed stone along its arches , while the guards with pilasters , painted grey .	7
It was not until 1967 that the Wright Report planned four towns in County Dublin .	5
His studies in Germany took place between 1921 and 1924 .	6
Painting at the centre is a sociable , communal activity , and Susie Bootja Bootja would regularly collaborate with other painters , including her husband .	5
He was appointed a Justice of the peace .	4
He serves on various publication editorial boards , and advises numerous church leaders and politicians in Europe and the Near East .	7
Although the doctor did not help Jobs while he was alive , he left a letter for Jobs to be opened upon his death .	4
The Japanese attack on the U.S. carriers on 8 May was better coordinated than the U.S. attack on the Japanese carriers .	4
This Guinness World Record is the fourteenth set by Fuji-Q Highland .	4
Smooth gained international acclaim with the release of the track .	5
The film stars Lucille Ball , John Agar , Patricia Medina , George Tobias , Raymond Burr , Gregory Gaye , Rick Vallin and Gary Klein .	3
The motto " Green is the new black " sums up this way of thinking , for many .	3
As mentioned above , a divisional application can only be filed based on a pending European patent application .	3
She appeared in " Interview with the Vampire " portraying a New Orleans prostitute .	6
Wagner and Reed co-wrote " I 'll Cry Tomorrow " a sequel of sorts to " I Never Cry " ( 1976 ) by Wagner and Cooper .	7
But the region had remained unproductive before the innovation of building a segi along a contour line .	5
Chumakov Center for Research and Development of Biological Products of the Russian Academy of Sciences .	7
Above all , peace and stability had flourished in this Kingdom in the past 30 years ( 2015 ) of his reign .	4
He accumulated a fortune selling plots of his land in what became Downtown Portland .	7
She also said in a " Billboard " interview that she wanted " no more dancers , no more singing to tracks .	6
It was also given the responsibility of regulating the domestic petroleum markets and training Mexican personnel in all aspects of the industry .	7
This backfired , producing acrimony between the Australian and American commanders .	7
Komiya too goes to Tokiko to apologize .	3
Unionists argued for DEAs electing four to six councillors .	7
The fourth stage has a square wrought iron clock face .	6
Information relating to patient diagnosis , test results and doctors ' notes were unaffected .	7
Vesper Concert Series : Robin Spielberg , Alasdair Fraser & Natalie Haas , Synergy Brass , The Altino Brothers , and The Mendelssohn Trio	3
5 minutes ) prior to sounding Assembly for any particular formation .	5
Significant Norsk Data computer models include :	5
3 The Buddhist Private Sinhala 2007	4
Mrs. Long described him as over forty , and a little taller than Chapman , with dark hair , and of foreign , " shabby-genteel " appearance .	5
Julianowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Alford , " The Greek Testament " ( in four volumes ) : Volume 1 , Volume 2 , Volume 3 , Volume 4 .	3
Each challenge involves completing a task to win a chest to take back to camp .	7
Byrne founded the world music record label Luaka Bop in 1990 .	6
David helps Priya with Amba but falls asleep listening to the baby soothing CD .	7
It became one of the best selling books of 1941 .	7
" Datu Patinggi Abang Haji Abdillah College	5
From 1977 to 1979 Bellinger became dean for the faculty of catholic and Protestant theology .	7
Most of the lines operated by the Victorian Railways were of .	6
He also served on the city ’ s planning commission from 1935 until 1969 .	5
The 3B2 became the official " porting base " for UNIX System V Release 3 .	4
It is found in New Guinea .	3
In between are wide-open spaces that hold just a rhythm guitar , sparse keyboard chords . "	5
Nate then jumps off the building , and Lily jumps after him , discovering that she can indeed fly .	5
The Science exam included content in science , technology , ecology and the environmental studies .	5
Before 1945 , the area was part of Germany ( East Prussia ) .	3
It has 62,814 members and 72 congregations .	4
Blair gives 222 scuttled and 174 surrendered .	3
According to " The Hudson Reporter " , Secaucus is " arguably Hudson County 's most conservative town . "	3
Most are scanned and have been made available online .	3
He envisions a secular country that promotes its various dynamism most especially on culture and identity .	6
From ticker tape to television cameras , from databases to websites this multibillion-dollar industry provides data to trading rooms and consumers .	7
Magdalena recently held its first Kawayan Festival to mark the town 's 185th Foundation Day .	5
It was released in Japan on December 8 , 2005 , and in North America on April 13 , 2006 .	3
Mueang Nonthaburi ( , ) is the capital district ( " amphoe mueang " ) of Nonthaburi Province in Thailand .	3
यत्कामास्ते जुहुमस्तन्नो अस्तु वयं स्याम पतयोरयीणाम् ॥	6
Though it is not as powerful as Daimos , it has many times contributed in Daimos ' victories .	6
He was initially favored for re-election because the frontrunner in the crowded Democratic field was Manhattan Congresswoman Bella Abzug , a liberal feminist reviled by the right .	6
Dubuc worked to preserve the alliance between French Canadians and Métis .	6
Under Emperor Maximilian I , Dimbach was awarded market rights in 1511 .	3
Grazia Livi ( 19 March 1930 – 18 January 2015 ) was an Italian author and journalist .	4
Addison also became the first rector of St. John 's Church in Georgetown .	5
Leslie Hunter Whitten , Jr . , was born on February 21 , 1928 , in Jacksonville , Florida .	3
Ochs re-signed with Houston Dash for the 2017 season .	3
The Facebook page is interactive and allows users to upload pictures and give comments .	5
dva čtyřhlasé smíšené sbory s doprovodem varhan	5
Lopo continued to be an undisputed starter for " Depor " in the following two seasons , with relegation befalling in 2010 – 11 .	3
34.5 % of all households were made up of individuals and 4.4 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
Glebov ( ) or Glebova ( ; feminine ) is a Russian surname .	4
The game features multiplayer race modes , an edit mode for custom stage creation and sharing through Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection , and Mii integration .	6
It originally aired on April 12 , 2008 , on the Kids WB !	3
Inside the most striking feature is the absence of hierarchical positions .	4
Aremallapur has good Road , Rail connectivity surrounding villages and cities .	7
Applications to solve real-world problems	4
Radio broadcast stations : AM 3 ( one inactive ) , FM 6 , shortwave 0 ( 1998 )	3
In 2014 , Marie ranked number 83 in " Maxim " ' s Hot 100 .	4
CNN Africa correspondent Gary Streiker did the filming for the well-reviewed , award-winning PBS program .	4
17 AGO 1991 Uruguay 29 - 13 Paraguay	6
Kun is Professor of Communication and Journalism and Chair in Cross-Cultural Communication in the Annenberg School at the University of Southern California .	7
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus .	4
Davis also made a USO tour to South Vietnam at Nixon 's request .	4
Originally , the tournament featured only 8 teams in total .	5
Vulnerability is greatest for comics who enjoy commercial success despite low peer esteem . "	7
High School - classes 6 to 10 ( Science | Business | Humanities )	6
It is adapted to arid climates and desert environments .	5
Kuka previously worked at Middle East Broadcast Network in Virginia and Shilo Incorporation in New York City as a video editor and post production tech / editor .	6
The Tamil Nadu STF chief K. Vijay Kumar I.P.S .	7
The queen is extremely ergatoid in " E. mocquerysi " , alate in " E. monticellii " .	3
Her first solo alum was titled " Music from Rwanda " and it included songs by .	3
In 2012 , Wapato allowed strip clubs into the city , in the words of one resident , " to put Wapato on the map . "	4
27.0 % of all households were made up of individuals and 11.8 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
The " Wawona " was hauled to the Puget Sound Shipyard on March 4 , 2009 and has since been dismantled .	3
He was part of the team that made the film of " Kongi 's Harvest " by Nobel Laureate Wole Soyinka .	6
Malaysia Airlines , Firefly , Malindo Air and AirAsia fly daily to and from Alor Setar and Kuala Lumpur .	5
Few historians have disputed Cosimo 's close relationship to Michelozzo , who was the Medici architect for nearly forty years .	5
The business still existed as R & W Crawshay in 1816 .	5
He likes to emphasize the long " O " sounds of his sentences ( e.g .	5
Some motivational theories suggest that the boredom and alienation caused by the division of labour can actually cause efficiency to fall .	7
Ra7 Kh6 36. a5 c4 37 .	6
Region I included qualified teams from Amazonas , Lambayeque , Piura and Tumbes region .	7
" Type-0 " features three difficulty levels ; " normal " , " hard " , and " impossible " .	3
Wright wanted to enter Obstetrics and Gynecology , but there was no slot available .	5
As a result , many cities were throwing off the Macedonian yoke .	3
It operated at speeds ranging from 50 to 80 MHz .	7
While numerous artists visited the Stein salon , many of these artists were not represented among the paintings on the walls at 27 Rue de Fleurus .	5
Allendale High School is located in Allendale , Michigan , in the United States , in the Allendale Public School District , serving grades 9-12 .	4
Thakkar and his family returned to Africa to live in Rwanda before they were again forced to leave due to the Rwandan Genocide in 1994 .	7
Important figures in the course 's history have included the Earl of Eglinton , Sir James Boswell and the Duke of Portland .	6
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	6
On October 5 , 2015 in a car in Grabina she gave birth to her daughter and named her Hanna after her adopted mother .	4
However , he died of " rheumatic neuralgia " at St Leonards-on-Sea , Sussex , in January 1876 , aged 51 .	3
In the next match , he took advantage of difficult bowling conditions to score 79 runs against Gloucestershire during another win for Somerset .	5
VA-168 has the following meanings :	3
Also in 1977 , Perry became an associate of the Women 's Institute for Freedom of the Press ( WIFP ) .	6
Danielle Steel has written 165 books , including 141 novels .	4
Coat of arms of Jerusalem may refer to :	5
Both the MiG-21MF and the MiG-21bis were deployed almost exclusively in the fighter / bomber role .	4
It also issued paper money .	3
The Army Substance Abuse Program is an anti-substance abuse program in the United States Army , operated by the Army Center for Substance Abuse Programs .	6
All characters have a screen that shows information pertaining to them .	7
The Faculty of Agriculture follows the semester system as well as credit system .	5
Skardu town is the capital of the district and of Baltistan Division .	3
It lies approximately south-west of Bytów and south-west of Gdańsk ( capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship ) .	7
Henley called Aguirre over to Corll 's van and invited the youth to drink beer and smoke marijuana with the trio at Corll 's apartment .	7
Combined , these additional costs can range from $ 250,000 to $ 500,000 for a single deep sour gas well .	3
Peragallo , N. P. , DeForge , B. , Rivero , R. , Khoury , Z. , & Talashek , M. ( 2002 ) .	3
any discharge of blood or bodily fluid .	5
Many Western countries have some form of paternity leave to attempt to level the playing field in this regard .	7
Thus ' Tjunkiya ' is the element of the artist 's name that is specifically hers .	4
" 2006 Northeast Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament	5
It is located northeast of Emmett .	4
The killer must pay the slave 's master compensation equivalent to the slave 's value , as opposed to blood-money .	6
Yellow collars piped red , cuffs and lapels red piped yellow , red pocket piping , with white metal buttons .	3
Born Chalk Level , Harnett County , North Carolina , Pegram fought in the American Civil War on the side of the Confederacy .	4
The then ' hall ' was bought and greatly improved by a grocer called Cooper who had shops throughout the west of Scotland .	7
In other words , an additional fee for the filing of divisional applications of the second or any further generation was introduced .	7
Many are currently college students , and their acceptance letters were shown to other prisoners which encouraged them to take the course .	7
Either the sleeper car had not been completely onto the siding or a load of steel on a passing freight car shifted .	4
In the United States , the season was commissioned in February 2004 and began airing from September 11 , 2004 to May 28 , 2005 .	5
The game is based on serial novels that were written by John Saul , titled " Blackstone Chronicles " .	7
His wife Anna ( née Griswold ) Harte died on August 2 , 1920 .	5
At the time of the video 's release , Eli Northrup was a law student at New York University School of Law .	7
Length , width , and displacement have been slightly increased .	3
But their debut album is sure to shut up at least some of their cynics , myself included . "	5
Out of the 8,586 inhabitants , 67 % were 20 years of age or older and 33 % were under the age of 20 .	4
There are three thenar muscles :	3
However , there is no precise understanding of what any of these variations meant .	7
Elk Garden High School was consolidated into Keyser High School in 1997 .	3
The population was 1,926 at the 2010 census .	3
Exposure to UV-B radiation causes increased melanogenesis .	5
Each floor contains a combination of 2 , 3 and 4-bedroom units .	4
Bovis Homes operates seven regional businesses and builds a wide range of properties from one-bedroom apartments up to six-bedroom executive houses .	6
The river is by a valley and a garden equipped with a children 's play area .	6
In 50 years of work he has created over 200 choreographies .	7
Among his many customers were noteworthy Danish artists , including Axel Salto .	3
This made disassembling the locomotive for maintenance difficult and frustrating .	7
Arns died on January 12 , 2010 as a result of the 2010 Haiti earthquake .	4
On 5 December 1797 , he was licensed as a preacher by the presbytery of Auchterarder , but he did not obtain a charge quickly .	4
A three-time All-Ireland medalist in the under-21 grade , he enjoyed little success as a member of the county senior team .	4
" 2006 – 07 FK Khazar Lankaran season	5
engagement includes communities working together in both political and non-political actions .	7
The church is located at the town center or plaza , just across the municipal town hall of Magdalena .	4
Today the garden contains approximately 10,000 plant species , including unusual collections of annual plants ( about 800 species ) and wild plants from Saxony and Thuringia .	7
It has a hundred acres of land with baseball and soccer fields , basketball courts , a playground , and running trail .	5
The painting is an allegory , in which a jewel being presented to Victoria represents India itself .	6
One of these young women was the painter Louise Herreshoff .	4
Some of the tools that can be used to carry out ARP spoofing attacks :	7
She cites errors present in secondary literature passed over by generations ,	7
In each instance , temporary seating was installed to increase the stadium 's capacity .	5
The contents of the museum were transferred to a heritage building in 1994 .	4
By 2009 , one third of AAE high school students were enrolled in the AFJROTC program .	4
The residence was more severely damaged .	3
16 pattern of these coins preserved in the Historical Institute , the Tajikistan National Academy of Sciences at present .	4
The population was five at the 2010 census .	3
However , Senate Republicans faced a difficult map that year , as they had to defend 22 of the 34 seats up for election .	7
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated .	6
Writing in the June 2005 edition of " The New Yorker " , Janet Malcolm describes :	6
This program failed , and leases again became available .	3
Furious , Sally grounds Jack for a month and takes the phone to call Luke 's mother .	6
32.9 % of all households were made up of individuals and 19.5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
After working at newspapers in Chicago and St. Louis , he obtained a masters and Ph.D. degree from Heidelberg University in 1889 .	5
The first squirrel to enter the surface will stay at the burrow entrance until there are enough following squirrels above ground to watch for predators .	5
From being purely a family firm , Thwaites Brothers had a professional managing director by 1895 , Arthur Devonshire Ellis .	3
In the " Airwolf " episode ' Condemned ' , four anti-virus formulae for a deadly plague were named after the four Marx Brothers .	4
Second-year students live in New Residence , Allen Hall , Brewster Hall , Ely Hall , Norsworthy Hall , Eickhoff Hall , Cromwell Hall and Decker Hall .	3
Reginald Doherty defeated Arthur Gore , 1 – 6 , 4 – 6 , 6 – 3 , 6 – 3 , 6 – 3	3
It is not explained what events led to this decline .	5
Missouri holds its title games at two sites over two separate weekends .	3
UK Album Chart ( United Kingdom )	3
Games playable included " Wii Sports " , " Wii Play " , " " , " Excite Truck " and many more .	5
" Rockaway Beach " was written by bassist Dee Dee Ramone , and was inspired by the Beach Boys along with other surf music bands .	5
The mortars were mainly operated by the 20th Independent Mortar Battalion .	5
and leader of the Hydra cell operating the Triskelion .	5
In February 2014 , Green announced he would not return to " The Voice " , making this his final season .	4
Stein became enamored of Bookstaver but was unsuccessful in advancing their relationship .	5
As an homage , Halle Berry performed a similar scene in an orange bikini in the 20th James Bond film , " Die Another Day " .	3
Although most games use European localisations , some Nintendo DS games published by Nintendo Australia use localisations that originate from the USA .	6
" NWA Pacific Northwest Junior Heavyweight Championship	6
As Angie Dickinson approached the group , she said , " You all look like a pack of rats . "	5
Countdown " , marking Davichi 's fifteenth music show win .	6
At Lindrick Dale , Anston Brook , flowing in from beyond Anston to the west , joins on the left bank .	4
He formerly headed " Putera UMNO " , a group for young members of UMNO when he was the EXCO member of UMNO Youth .	5
2006 saw the release of the follow-up studio album with the band 's own songs , after their breakthrough .	6
When Lieutenant of Grenadiers in ? ? ?	6
When the family got to know about that they wanted Simran and Rajveer to return except for Shyam Sundar .	6
Under his tutelage nine Ulster players would be play in the Irish team , the highest number since the game went professional .	3
The rail lines which run through or terminate in Toshima are :	6
See Reprinted with permission by Andrews University Press .	6
It is headquartered in the heart of Kansas City , Kansas .	4
Slahi claims he was torured and force to confess to involvement with the millennium plot .	7
His full name is never given in the original novel or film , but on the TV series it is Walter Eugene O 'Reilly .	4
The undocking paved the way for European Space Agency 's ATV-4 Albert Einstein to subsequently dock with the ISS .	6
Research indicates that there are specific areas of the brain associated with spatial memory .	7
The village lies just east to the boundary of East Renfrewshire , close to Waterfoot and Jackton .	5
Zapieka ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The company specializes in making wrestling and MMA gear .	5
Programs run from 1 – 3 years and include training at either military or civilian institutions .	7
Hill was born at Taunton , where his parents ran a sweetshop .	5
The topic for the premiere show was " How to Marry the Man or Woman of Your Choice " .	5
The vice-chairman of Miyaji Academy 's student council .	4
She also served as artistic director for " Once upon a Dance Company " in Los Angeles .	4
The airfield was named Kindley Field ( after Field Kindley , an American aviator who fought for Britain during the First World War ) .	7
He has an inactive American Meteorological Society Television Seal # 238 .	7
Álvarez studied jurisprudence and the humanities at the Colegio de San Bartolomé from 1762 to 1768 .	7
" Double Seat " portrays the struggles of a recently married couple seeking to move out of their family home and buy an apartment .	7
The tail is and is bushy but also flattened .	4
The video was named the 30th best of the year by VH-1 in their annual year-end countdown of the top 40 videos of 2011 .	5
For this production , the cast included :	3
Each formed cluster can be diagnosed using techniques such as spectral analysis .	6
In Zimbabwean Shona music , a deze is a halved calabash gourd in which an mbira is placed in order to amplify its sound .	6
The Vika Line ( ) is a light rail section of the Oslo Tramway in Oslo , Norway .	3
It remains their highest placed album to date , reaching No .	6
But this time , the tables have turned : he 's the divorce lawyer , and she 's the office manager .	3
The first aerial victory occurred on 18 December 1972 , kill awarded to tail gunner SSgt Samuel Turner , who was awarded the Silver Star .	7
Xinzheng is said to be an ' open-air ' museum , and the nearby Shizu mountain is said to be the exact birthplace of Yellow Emperor .	6
" Pengiran Siraja Muda Delima Satu	5
The labial thermistor clip is the second most commonly used physiological measure of female genital response , next to the vaginal photoplethysmograph ( VPG ) .	4
By the 1990s , Tucker was a 20-year veteran in country music , though she was only in her mid-30s .	3
In 1935 , he had two more number ones as part of the Dorsey Brothers Orchestra : " Lullaby of Broadway " and " Chasing Shadows " .	4
for hours after the show .	3
It was described by McKeown in 1945 .	3
The condemned people were William Anderson , Robert Lamb , James Finlayson , James Hunter , James Raveleson and Helen Stark .	3
Ole Arntzen Lützow-Holm ( 1853 – 1936 ) was a Norwegian priest and politician for the Conservative Party .	4
he fought his first election for Nasirabad Cantonment Board and held the post of Chairman in the Board till 1977 .	5
After two new mixtapes , he released the album " Prêt à mourir pour les miens " .	7
It lies approximately south-east of Ostróda and south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
" , " Word of the Day " , " Yes or No " , and " You Can 't Possibly Win !	3
Courses available at Arena Animation include :	5
Due to ties to the University of Oxford , the Canterbury Association succeeded in raising sufficient funds and recruiting middle-class and upper-class settlers .	5
Kristan J. Wheaton reviewed " Berlin ' 85 " in " The Space Gamer " No .	3
Saraswatichandra accepts Buddhidhan 's proposal , resides at his home and finally becomes important member of Buddhidhan 's family .	6
In many episodes , and in the telefilm ' Chhota Bheem - Masters of Shaolin ' , she has been depicted to be good at martial arts .	6
A piece of theatre " The Evangelical Jean Moulin " again discusses this point .	5
They have a square or rectangular cross-section .	5
This results in a matrix " Q " " A " with zeros in the left column ( except for the first row ) .	3
Since its launch in 1996 , the " Favorite Things " episode quickly became the hottest ticket in television .	5
" Listed buildings in Strickland Ketel	3
A baseliner , Arias turned pro at age 16 in 1980 .	3
These trails are located on private land but access is unrestricted .	3
Until 1918 , the district was part of the county of Kingdom of Hungary of Šariš .	6
It is the group 's second entry on the " Billboard " Country Airplay chart , and is their first on Hot Country Songs .	3
" Phyllobius glaucus " was first described by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli in his 1763 work " " , under the name " Curculio glaucus " .	3
Demolition started on 26 June 2018 .	3
It operates depots in Shellharbour and Unanderra .	5
The film stars Ramon Novarro , Lola Lane , Gene Lockhart , Kathleen Burke , Stanley Fields and Billy Bevan .	3
No distinction between manslaughter and murder exists .	5
The 10th Army ( ) was an army level command of the German Army in World War I formed in January 1915 in Cologne .	4
The Illinois legislature granted a charter to The American Medical Missionary College in 1895 .	3
Songs documented as being played at this stage are as follows :	6
She was Lucy Willerri , an Aboriginal woman , originally from Alligator River in Queensland , and she was aged somewhere between 70 and 100 .	6
The first leader of the Labour Party in Parliament , Keir Hardie , was one of the two MPs for Merthyr Tydfil .	5
The community declined as the roads to Palmerston and Harriston improved .	7
About 300,000 white civilians left Mozambique in the first week or two of independence ( in Europe they were popularly known as " retornados " ) .	5
To harmonise with the rules of amateur boxing decided by the Association Internationale de Boxe Amateur ( AIBA ) , Pan Am Boxing will feature new rules .	5
Just then , Peg-Leg Pete shows up in his jalopy , his horn bellows in a high pitched voice " Make way for the future ! " .	5
However , one of the neighbours disliked him because he wanted one of his friends to rent the room .	5
At about 07 : 30 , government forces entered the hotel on foot , while sharp shooters were reportedly on the roofs of nearby buildings .	4
The song , while not making it to the " Billboard " Hot 100 , still made the R & B charts , peaking at # 17 .	6
The film stars Jayaram , Mukesh , Urvashi , Sukumaran , Ashokan , M. G. Soman , Mahesh Jagathy , Lalu Alex and Devan .	3
He graduated from CalArts with both Bachelor of Fine Arts and Master of Fine Arts degrees .	6
That 5 percent is reflected just about equally to what we 're importing in excess of what we 're exporting .	7
Tongans have universal access to a national health care system .	6
This occurs for many varied reasons .	3
This 67th edition to the Sugar Bowl featured the Florida Gators , and the Miami Hurricanes , in an in-state rivalry game .	3
She gave basket weaving demonstrations at the 1939 Golden Gate International Exposition	7
Sawyer appealed the decision to stay the Oregon lawsuit to the Oregon Supreme Court , which denied review in January 2010 .	5
The town faced major decline in the 1970 's and 1980 's as many small businesses shut down and people moved to larger areas for work .	5
As the heir to the Kiba family fortune , he was brought up to be a man befitting the upper class .	5
In addition , Stewart was accused by his church of arson , something Stewart denies .	4
In 1955 , President Dwight Eisenhower proposed building a nuclear-powered merchant ship as a showcase for his " Atoms for Peace " initiative .	5
There are birds such as sparrowhawks , woodcocks , redpolls , siskins and the three species of woodpecker .	6
The town wasn 't built at envisioned by the two men , storefronts and homes were built in the town .	7
Upon release , " Record Mirror " felt the " rocking album " was a " good quality live recording " .	4
Spence batted and threw left-handed .	5
" Selective school ( New South Wales )	4
( 7 ) Similarly , the bicameralism requirement was formulated in order to hinder congressional action and thereby prevent legislative encroachment .	5
Sabillón Pineda de Flores , Milady .	3
Several species are named after Henry Ridley , including " Diospyros ridleyi " , " Stenolepis ridleyi " , and " Amphisbaena ridleyi " .	3
The Bloomington metropolitan area may refer to :	4
Nevertheless , most Arab tribes migrated into the Sudan in the 12th century and introduced Islam .	3
Attached to the house is an early 18th-century service wing built of brick in Flemish bond .	6
Shortly before March 2014 , Deutsche Telekom introduced its own e-book shop , " PagePlace " .	3
He also competed on his home round - Rallye Sanremo - later that year , this time in a Renault Mégane .	3
Computers that used Flexowriters as consoles include :	5
Indigenous Remote Communications Association ( IRCA ) is the peak body for Aboriginal Australians and Torres Strait Islander media and communications .	4
where there were differences between supply and demand within the economy .	6
Yòu pà kàn huā de rén er mà . < br >	7
One of its shows at the 2008 Festival Latinoamericano in Provo , Utah set an attendance record with over 1,000 people present at opening night .	5
Throughout the year they host many social events and fundraisers : Eggstravaganza , Wine in the Wilderness , Brewfest , and Spooktacular .	4
Major products are corn , cereal , sugar , and fruits .	3
UNESCO also launched a plan to disarm the militias .	5
In the container of leaves , she finds a mutated beetle that possesses both insect and reptilian DNA .	7
It made its second broadcast on U.S. television on April 27 , 2012 .	3
The price of slaves varied in accordance with their ability .	5
He also co-hosted the network 's pre-game show " The Lions Roundtable " and flagship station WXYT-FM 's local pre-game show " Lions Game Day " .	6
This and internal problems led to an acrimonious split in 1986 .	4
Its other important peaks are Pen Pumlumon Arwystli , Y Garn , Pen Pumlumon Llygad-bychan and Pumlumon Fach .	3
The largest trade flows are with Germany , Russia , Sweden , the United Kingdom , the United States , Netherlands and China .	3
" 1978 New York Film Critics Circle Awards	6
Despite the demands of his professional photographic career , Balmer continued to paint , travelling widely in Southern Europe to look at painting , architecture and sculpture .	7
Work also progressed from the west , near Wawa .	5
Whatever one thinks of the over-the-top bravado rapping , the tracks and beats Dre assembled are beyond reproach " .	5
40.4 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.6 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
" Hyatt Centric French Quarter New Orleans Hotel	6
During the 2009 preparation , the team played exhibition games against PBA teams .	4
From here they visited places such as Pretoria and Rustenburg .	5
Traditionally , the term refers to the distribution of printed works such as books and newspapers .	6
Sadowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The " Bagele " , the " Bagambayi " and the " Batumbugulu " .	3
They live in a house with other relatives , who are authoritarian and stern , and have a dog named Queenie .	5
The prevailing winds coming from the east to south-east , its construction achieved the goal of improving the air quality downwind in the vicinity .	7
Audrey Smith was awarded the Kamerlingh Onnes medal in 1973 .	3
Big Foot Beach State Park is a state park of Wisconsin , United States , on Geneva Lake .	4
" 2016 Manila Challenger – Singles	4
The Pittsburgh Pirates signed Malinosky to his first professional contract , and then sold his rights to the Dodgers in 1936 .	5
They denied it was in response to pressure from campaigners ; however Mohamed Elmouelhy of the private Halal Certification Authority stated that " Yes , of course .	6
The original wooden temple was renovated in 1760 to make way for a new stone temple designed by Shri Fadnis .	7
Above the altar is a picture of Jesus Christ appearing in a First Nation person 's vision .	6
The Enzyme Commission number ( EC number ) is a numerical classification scheme for enzymes , based on the chemical reactions they catalyze .	4
Andrew Ronald Brideson ( born 19 October 1944 ) is an Australian politician .	5
The following season , Gardiner appeared in all of 44 of Chicago 's games .	6
After high school , Booker played college basketball at Clemson University , with the Clemson Tigers , from 2009 to 2013 .	3
Josh Modell of " The A.V .	3
At least 14 MiG-21s have crashed between 2010 and 2013 .	5
Forward for All Time AISA / NPSL Team	6
He approved the statement in " Re Moore " ( 1885 ) 54 LJ Ch 432 at 434 :	4
The Michael Lane incarnation of Azrael appears in the " Batman Arkham " series , where he is voiced by Khary Payton :	5
On 14 December 2009 , a month before Firefox 3.6 was announced , Totalidea announced it would no longer distribute or support FireTune .	5
By 1915 it was on the Eastern Front where it took part in the siege of Kovno and the battles on the Neman River and at Vilnius .	7
It was in Paris that Gmeyner met her second husband , the Russian philosopher Jascha Morduch .	4
The college is organized around three schools teaching to approximately 550 students , and a research centre .	6
Urbanki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki , within Olecko County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
How can I move across this space between Nganyinytja and me ? '	5
Neurotic society is a mid-tempo alternative hip hop song in which Hill raps lyrics at an alarming speed .	7
As of 1997 , the school offers classes from Nursery up to Matric ( Grade 12 ) and the student enrollment in 2010 was 1200 students .	6
There were detachments of Pompey standing around the senate house .	5
Buckley was born in New York City .	4
These are usually referred to as the " three approaches to value " which are generally independent of each other :	6
The suspension span is long , and the bridge has a total length of .	4
Crout was born in Ohio , but lived and worked in Massachusetts .	5
In 1989 , Renato Zanella choreographed his first work , “ Die andere Seite ” ( The other Side ) .	3
This snake has stripes on the third and fourth scale rows .	7
" Art " is also a diminutive form of the common name Arthur .	3
This station soon developed into a town , with a general store , post office , and a few homes .	3
As a result , this area gained notoriety for its opium and gambling dens .	5
Powell is a former member of the Southwood Academy School Board in Hammond .	3
In July 1921 , Man Ray went to live and work in Paris , France .	5
" see Duke of Argyll for further succession . "	4
A passionate fighter with a no-nonsense attitude who goes to the same high school as Chrono .	5
Studies show that prehistoric humans living in Gobustan had ideological imaginations about totem and enchantment .	6
In 1792 , Walter Dulany Addison and his bride leased Battersea House for a year .	4
In real life , Averitt was a friend of the Pittman family , but did not lead the charge to have the president reinstalled .	7
They are able to overcome obstacles that can stop even elite hackers .	7
He was only ten when he took the place in the family fishing coble of his uncle John , who had died .	7
" Giolla na Naomh mac Giolla Íosa Mág Samhradháin	7
Pathways Church acquired the building from the City of Denver in 2005 .	5
In case of an emergency the authority rests with the principal .	6
frequency encoding by time TE / 2.The	6
Early on he showed himself antagonistic to the court , to Roman Catholicism , and to the extension of the royal prerogative .	4
Constance 's young age explains her frequent napping and obstinacy .	4
It has not caused any reported deaths during the initial infection .	3
In 2003 , John Kirtland co-founded Kirtland Records with his wife , The Polyphonic Spree choir member Jenny Kirtland .	4
Others who began their painting careers through that course include Mona Rockman Napaljarri and Louisa Napaljarri .	5
" 2015 American Athletic Conference football season	6
Erdogan threatened to sue him in response .	4
William Howell Pegram ( August 18 , 1846 – April 30 , 1928 ) was a U.S. chemist and educator .	5
Structurally his work is very dynamic showing a concern for strong draughtsmanship with a spontaneous application of colour .	7
It is owned by the national archives .	3
However , a 2018 study considered that the thick filaments could simply be bundles of thin filaments overlapping each other .	6
The Babri mosque was attacked by Hindus in the process .	3
He likes watching cricket and idolises Sachin Tendulkar .	7
33.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 20.5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
His administration focused on developing schools and roads .	7
The park is used primarily for swimming , camping , and fishing .	4
He is married and has one child , Jackson Dunkleman , five years old as of 2018 .	7
Mykawa introduced rice growing in the Erin Station area .	6
The Carroll Building was a real estate investment of income derived from manufacturing and retailing , an important factor in the development of Downtown Norwich .	6
Adapted several times for the screen , the novel became a bestseller .	4
Today all that remains is an isolated beach .	4
Dubček continued to stress the importance of economic reform proceeding under Communist Party rule .	6
For example , for 6 marks the upper bound is 15 , but the maximal length is 13 .	4
In 1842 , Sampson Selby began marking packages for delivery to his country store , Selby-Ville .	3
He showed flashes of brilliance and was a solid performer on a team that struggled in those early years .	6
" List of PWG World Champions	3
Clark also repaired and restored all of the homes damaged at his own personal expense .	7
Based on the Köppen climate classification , Crowfoot Mountain is located in a subarctic climate with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers .	3
His first appearance was in the fourth episode , " Chief Surgeon Who ?	4
They enjoyed a brief flirtation with the UK Singles Chart in May 1996 when " Eugina " peaked at No .	4
In Cartesian space , the " norm " of a vector is the square root of the vector dotted with itself .	5
Enzenkirchen is a municipality in the district of Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .	6
In the second scene , Harry Anderson is in Tracy 's dressing room , after leaving rehearsal .	3
and developed by Nintendo in co-operation with the external company Pax Softnica .	6
The 501st Field Depot was inactivated in Thailand on 20 December 1968 .	3
After training in Japan she was selected for a " Yanagi " ( exchange ) mission to Germany .	5
From there , each is divided within that section into " straight class " , " duplicate class " , and " non-standard class " .	3
Douglas Smith lived there until his death in 1979 .	3
He performed his coaching wonders , however , in the West , mostly in the Netherlands .	3
This was tragically unfortunate , but it had the effect of widespread reporting that the atmospheric was , yet again , non-operational .	5
Gustavsberg is a locality situated on the island of Värmdö in Sweden 's Stockholm archipelago .	7
, Mantha holds or shares a number of individual records :	5
It lies approximately west of Jeziorany and north of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
It has a temperate climate .	3
Staffan Stockenberg defeated Dezső Vad , 6 – 0 , 6 – 8 , 5 – 7 , 6 – 4 , 6 – 2	3
The Japanese public responded in a similar way to three Japanese citizens who were also taken hostage in Iraq .	7
Doliops sklodowskii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	4
This list was compiled with data calculated by Fred Espenak of NASA 's GSFC .	7
He theorized that the killers were conducting Wiccan human sacrifice rituals coinciding with pagan celebrations or the lunar calendar .	7
Bill verification can be used to compare metered consumption against billed consumption .	5
Reports indicate that the Julius Street flat buildings originally had well maintained gardens , which existed well into the 1960s , and remnants of which survive .	7
Shortly afterwards , the Second Triumvirate began to break down , causing a dangerous situation in Rome as the triumvirs went to battle with each other .	6
It is a liana , with a three-stage lifecycle , each with a different shaped leaf , as indicated by its Greek name .	5
Marion is a hamlet ( and census-designated place ) located in the Town of Marion , Wayne County , New York , United States .	6
Lasith Malinga became the first player to take four wickets in four balls at an international level in the 2007 World Cup , against South Africa .	7
www.LinuxCAD.com a 3D modelling application that includes interface to OpenGL	7
Fish and Wildlife Service was unable to set up and award funding before Congress rescinded the funding from 2002 and provided $ 40 million in 2003 .	7
White spent four seasons , from 2004 – 05 to 2007 – 08 , in the Western Hockey League with the Calgary Hitmen .	3
It is located southeast of Tracy , at an elevation of 59 feet ( 18 m ) , and hosts the New Jerusalem Airport .	7
Arppe lived with his siblings in Puhos estate which consisted about 30 rooms .	6
During his six years at Estadio Polideportivo de Pueblo Nuevo , he scored 12 goals in 151 matches .	7
Buhrman research interests are on Quantum Computing , Quantum Information , Quantum Cryptography , Computational complexity theory , Kolmogorov Complexity , and Computational Biology .	3
The New York Dramatic Mirror stated , " A number of overdrawn and inconsistent incidents in this film story do not rob it of its interesting strength .	6
The program maintains relationships with classical piano performing artists and the performing arts world in general , by extension .	4
The island 's once thriving sugar industry had declined , causing the loss of agricultural jobs .	5
Azrael is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe .	4
eToys.com was a retail website that sold toys via the Internet .	4
It performed less successfully , failing to chart in Australia , and reaching a lowly number 134 in the UK .	5
In 2009 , Stingray announced it would be acquiring the majority of assets in Max Trax from Corus Entertainment .	7
The flames reached a height of about 4 – 5 metres .	5
The most well studied infinitary logic is formula _ 1 .	5
She is the author of the " Lais of Marie de France " .	4
The Court then presented its affirmative reasoning : ( 5 ) When the Constitution provides express procedures , such procedures must be strictly observed .	5
In 1987 , Saito graduated from Damien High School in La Verne , California .	4
As of 2012 Iran has built 4 " Sina " -class vessels and is building 5 more of this class .	5
By the fall of 2001 enrollment had increased to 130 and an additional building was added .	5
He won the 3 x 10 km silver medal at the 1982 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships and the silver medal in 1985 .	7
Mold and mildew caused by high levels of humidity and improper storage can cause irreversible damage .	7
Vadiz fell into a three-week-long coma and was taken to a hospital in Rome .	5
The film stars David Caruso , Kelly Lynch , Stacey Dash , Chris Noth , John Spencer and Pruitt Taylor Vince .	3
In addition certain offices of profit , such as cabinet positions , required the MP to seek re-election .	5
In turn , the Legislature of Hawaii created the Kahoʻolawe Island Reserve Commission to exercise policy and management oversight of the Kahoʻolawe Island Reserve .	6
The Romana family funded the construction of a couple of Protestant churches .	5
2004 's " The Eye of Every Storm " expanded upon this change by incorporating more slow moments and ambient textures into the mix .	7
Renee Blount ( born May 12 , 1957 ) is a retired American professional tennis player .	5
Schloss Burgwerben the 9 July 1844 , Franz Leopold v. Funcke .	5
David John Kinsley Quibell , 1st Baron Quibell ( 21 December 1879 – 16 April 1962 ) was a British builder , contractor and Labour Party politician .	5
The program later added ambulances , targeted information , education , maternity waiting , and focused education activities for decision makers in the family .	3
But it was not until the 1870s that the ruins were stabilised .	4
Señorita Panamá ® S.A. organization it is the company that will manage and represent Panama in this beauty contests .	6
She did Doctorate From Agra University .	3
There are many varieties of dishes called ' curries ' .	6
" Lexington " s aircraft arrived and attacked at 11 : 30 .	4
Iran 's government is unique in following the principle of " velayat-e faqih " or guardianship of the jurist , according to which	7
This is higher in pitch and is a low rumble with a sorrowful air , rich in harmonics ; it lasts for up to ten seconds .	4
" Pyramid Marquee : " Boys Noize , Grace Jones , Katy Perry , Mogwai , Yeah Yeah Yeahs , Regina Spektor , Jasper Erkens	3
At the time of the casting announcement , the Ramsays had not appeared in " Neighbours " for over a decade .	4
Kaplityny ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Within this neighborhood , commercial activity is dominated by Chinese and Vietnamese businesses , with a smaller number of Laotian and Cambodian establishments .	6
It is served principally by Carnoustie railway station , and also by Golf Street railway station .	4
Barker was appointed acting director of the RCAF in early 1924 and he graduated from RAF Staff College , Andover , in 1926 .	5
Girls Aloud worked with a variety of musicians and producers on " Sound of the Underground " , which was largely inspired by 1980s music .	5
Previous tours saw a majority of shows in Europe and Australia .	6
- Vacuum and UHV with mechanics ( chambers , components , gauges , pumps … )	7
The Australians subsequently pursued them into the Markham and Ramu Valleys .	5
She has had breast augmentation surgery ( firstly for larger breasts and then to have them reduced ) and surgery on her lips ( lip implants ) .	4
where formula _ 16 denotes the free stream axial velocity and formula _ 17 is the Reynolds number .	6
The umbrella organization of cooperatives for social services in the state of Lara was founded in late in 1967 .	6
Ochs was selected first round , third pick of the 2012 WPS College Draft by the Boston Breakers in January 2012 .	5
The organization was established with an evangelical , medical , and educational outlook .	5
After the approval of a comprehensive management plan , the NPS officially transferred on-site management of the Reserve to IDPR on May 2 , 1996 .	4
Now , Akbar is transferred to prison to await the day of his execution .	6
As part of the plan , they would need one of the employees to be the scapegoat .	4
M : Daniel Paladini ( CAR ) , Ryan Pore ( POR ) , Ricardo Sánchez ( MIN ) < br >	3
Before 1945 , the area was part of Germany ( East Prussia ) .	3
Chemically identical to the most common isotope , uranium-238 , and with almost the same mass , it proved difficult to separate the two .	7
" Rancho Refugio de la Laguna Seca	6
In publication order , this follows the novelization of " The World is Not Enough " and precedes " Doubleshot " .	6
When the issue arose of a pipeline being implemented on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation of North Dakota , residents began to take action almost immediately .	7
" Australian Capital Territory Softball Association	5
District of Columbus , Kentucky , 16th Army Corps , Department of the Tennessee , to June , 1863 .	4
Over the next three years , the station passed hands from Deschutes to Citadel Broadcasting to Marathon Media , and finally , to Cumulus Broadcasting .	3
It was one of the first multilateral treaties to address issues of slavery and human trafficking .	7
Guillet managed to open an orphanage at Tabora , which was soon moved to Kipalapala an hour 's walk away .	6
InnoCentive allows businesses to post problems and offer payment for answers .	7
The leader is usually elected from the nobility class ( in the 19th century , he also served as a military leader ) .	4
Notable people with the surname include :	4
To the south , Leyte is separated from Mindanao by the Surigao Strait .	3
The names of the counties are :	4
In 1986 , Reagan vetoed the tougher sanctions of the Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act , but this was overridden by a bipartisan effort in Congress .	5
The village has a population of 244 .	4
The song was Ricky Skaggs ' sixth number one country hit .	4
However , many individuals remained on state duty through 20 January 1969 .	3
The commercial use of explosives uses electrical detonators or the capped fuse which is a length of safety fuse to which an ordinary detonator has been crimped .	7
In such cases he sneakily goes fishing telling Jeanne he is going to work .	7
She became observatory director after Peter van de Kamp retired in 1972 .	7
Coroner of York County , South Carolina , from 1920 until his death in Knoxville , Tennessee , on June 2 , 1934 .	3
Ground meat , called mince or minced meat outside of North America , and keema or qeema .	3
" The Voyage of Snedgus and Mac Riagla	5
It began with $ 600,000 in seed funding , supplemented with a $ 1.2 million Series A round of financing in December 2016 .	7
It then slowly descended in positions , dropping to number 2 , then 3 , 4 and 5 .	6
Whilst studying , he worked from 1933 to 1930 in Novocherkassk , first as a duty electrician and then as an electrical engineering inspector .	3
It is usually associated with a plain head for slotted screws , but has been used with many head forms .	5
The district has 561 hotels and motels comprising nearly 35,000 rooms .	6
It was meant as a compliment , and Mooney 's versatility can be characterised by some of the more notable arrangements he wrote at the Mercury stable .	7
The mortar consists of 170 tons of Bohemian lime , 1,030 tons of sand from the river Elbe and 60 tons of cement .	7
Among these was " Stressful " a song that remixed Drake 's " Successful . "	6
This was " Delta Mariner " s first arrival at the dock since its launch .	3
Significant properties in the district include :	4
Look Left is a bi-monthly political magazine produced by the Workers Party of Ireland .	6
The 1971 British Saloon Car Championship was the 14th season of the championship .	5
This balanced approach would include policies created at community levels and national levels in order to address the issue of water-sharing and allocation .	6
Project Scotland 's main aims at both a local and national level are to :	6
Baca received his first red card as a professional on September 8 against Philadelphia for a late challenge on Conor Casey .	4
It features a vestibule added in 1920 .	5
Margaret receives her official divorce decree from Donald in the episode " Hot Lips is Back in Town " .	5
The octagonal oak pulpit is 19th century , possibly constructed with old wood taken from the previous rood screen .	6
Democratic support was split between Governor Tenorio and Lieutenant Governor Borja .	5
It topped the " Billboard " 200 for a second consecutive week , during which it sold 265,000 copies .	4
has the ability to form high capacity Wi-Fi ad hoc networks .	7
Lubajny ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Seurat took to heart the color theorists ' notion of a scientific approach to painting .	7
Several radiocarbon datings dated the remains between 3320 – 3220 BC .	7
In the past , he was a principal at Chicago Partners ( now Navigant Consulting ) .	3
These four battalions formed the Lancashire Fusiliers Brigade , in the East Lancashire Division of the TF , on the eve of the First World War .	6
There were 750 housing units at an average density of 576.4 per square mile ( 222.8 / km ² ) .	6
There have been many agreements set in place to try and avoid inequality and conflict with the use of water .	7
Honorius also sent Cardinal John of Crema to Pisa to hold another synod that excommunicated Archbishop Anselm of Milan , who had crowned Conrad king .	7
" Original Airdate : 27 July 2011 "	3
Displays of weaving decorate the interior .	5
Rachel Alexandra began a 9-race winning streak with Calvin Borel aboard .	6
In November 2009 it filed papers to get on a ballot in California , and was launched in January 2010 .	5
Scheduled first against " I Spy " on Wednesdays and then " The Dean Martin Show " on Thursdays , the show consistently received low ratings .	5
Although he was elected chief justice in November 1924 , Hoke resigned in March 1925 due to failing health .	7
Howard began to ponder ways to improve the quality of life .	7
Measure K – Kings Canyon Unified School District $ 32 million bond |	7
This is evident in the way he integrates Colombian symbols and iconography such as the country 's flag and emblems into his designs .	7
Various round barrows have been found on the Downs near Worthing close to Blackpatch and Church Hill .	7
Holt played his high school football at Lamar Consolidated High School in Rosenberg , Texas and played collegiately at Angelo State University .	4
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging and agriculture .	6
The genus name is derived from Greek " para " ( meaning near ) plus the genus-name " Eulophonotus " minus " eu " .	3
" Sources " : 2000 – 01 Turkish Second Football League pages .	7
He was sworn in as the third Chief Minister of Jharkhand on 30 December 2009 after winning the Jharkhand Assembly elections .	5
Tachosa fumata is a moth of the family Erebidae .	3
Carrilho , D. , Duarte , I. , Francisco , R. , Ricardo , C. , & Duque-Magalhaes , M. ( 2009 ) .	3
Since 1996 , Zavidovo has a status of one of the official residences of the President of Russia .	7
He coauthored an amendment to the Mountain Slope Conservation and Utilization Act in 2012 that led to criticism from many aboriginal rights groups .	7
The village has a population of 140 .	4
The area was selected because the terrain resembled France , Belgium and Germany .	5
antifungal , alkalinizing agents , quinolones , antibiotics , cholinergics , anticholinergics , antispasmodics , 5-alpha reductase inhibitor , selective alpha-1 blockers , sildenafils , fertility medications	3
However , it is also possible to create files where the bit rate changes throughout the file .	6
There were three significant battles fought during Longstreet 's Knoxville Campaign :	6
There are many assumptions behind phenomenology that help explain its creation .	7
Oliphant then set out to find out why the committee 's findings were apparently being ignored .	6
The interior originally consisted of five classrooms organized around an " L " shaped hallway .	7
The square painting measures .	3
It lies approximately south-west of Białogard and north-east of the regional capital Szczecin .	6
She also continued physio and lead the training for the inmates at the prison .	6
" 2017 Ohio Valley Conference Softball Tournament	4
Guitar on 2 by Tony ( Doggen ) Foster .	4
The most notable feature of this religious spot is a mazaar which appears to be of a different size each time it is measured .	6
Zhao also bought the rights to Suede 's song for the film .	4
Dressed up as a woman , Jack tries to have Murana flee with him .	7
The camp is located in Highland Hills .	3
It is based in Sharjah city .	3
Everyone convinced her , but he said only if no one talked to them which everyone agreed .	5
Ты у меня одна заветная ,	5
The marine sandglass was critical for maritime navigation before the 19th century .	3
The ME24E actually soldiered on in the LT30V van version of the first generation until 1976 , as this was not updated alongside its truck siblings .	4
A monument to those who fell in battle was erected in Martinsburg in 1925 .	6
The Hawkeyes snapped a 13-game losing streak in capturing Coach Ferentz 's first Big Ten win .	7
' , officially the ' , ( ) , is a in the province of , .	3
The caravan park closed in 2014 for operational reasons .	3
He was awarded Ekushe Padak posthumously by the Government of Bangladesh in 2002 .	4
On March 4 , 2015 , CBC renewed the series for a second season with ten episodes , two more than the first season of eight .	7
The album peaked at # 57 in the UK .	5
Its headquarters are in the town of Igede .	3
Laughing while learning is the intent of Schulman 's book .	5
The larvae feed on " Aster " , " Trifolium " , " Taraxacum " , " Ambrosia " and " Melilotus " species .	3
In between he was the secretary of war in Holland ( 1807 ) under Louis Bonaparte .	3
Red Hat Enterprise Linux branches its releases from versions of Fedora .	6
Some critics such as Marley Marl find it somewhat sparse and low-budget given the significance of the album and compared with other producers of the time .	5
In the following week , 9 more imported cases were found by fever screening in the airport .	3
Most current bands / artists produce CD 's by themselves or with the aid of the Saskatchewan Recording Industry Association ( SaskMusic ) .	5
In the mid 90s , sigikid dominated the market for vinyl and porcelain artist dolls .	6
They also produced mobile games including educational ones .	4
It was released in Japan in December 2004 , in Europe in February 2005 , and in North America and Australia in March 2005 .	3
Both sides raced to launch their strike aircraft .	4
Bauer City 3 was a network of 12 popular mainstream music radio stations in Scotland and northern England , owned and operated by Bauer Radio .	5
The village has a population of 1,041 .	4
Among its alumni are Charles White , Bernard Goss , George Neal , Eldzier Cortor , Gordon Parks , Archibald Motley , and Margaret Burroughs .	3
Symptoms usually peak after two or three days .	6
Charlottetown is the capital and largest city on the island .	4
Combat Shield provides operational units a system-specific capability assessment for their radar warning receivers , electronic attack pods , and integrated EW systems .	4
Its stability , even at high pH values , makes it an excellent solvent for reactions with strong bases or reactions that require high temperatures .	7
The AFL had in place a strict policy prohibiting anyone involved in the AFL from placing any bet on any AFL outcome .	7
This is five times faster than the overall OECD increase of 4.5 % .	4
On the way back to prison , a frustrated Colin outwits the corrections officers transporting him by killing them both and escapes with the van .	7
" Department of Children and Youth Affairs	5
Kennedy joined Melbourne City on loan for the 2017 – 18 W-League season .	7
He entered Trinity College , Cambridge , as a scholar in 1816 , and graduated B.A .	3
The university is most likely to be located at Belma village under Panchanpur block , approximately 10 km from Gaya on defence land to be transferred soon .	6
There followed four decades of instability , characterized locally by power struggles between the commune and the papacy , and internationally by the great Western Schism .	6
All three titles are available together as the " American Conquest Chronicles " .	3
In his monohybrid crosses , an idealized 3 : 1 ratio between dominant and recessive phenotypes resulted .	6
Diomedes owned the fastest horses after Achilles ( who did not participate ) .	3
At the 2006 census , its population was 25 , in 6 families .	4
Cook is married to Czech artist and poet Katerina Pinosova .	7
Thomas John Claggett , who ordained him a deacon in Saint Peter 's Parish , Talbot County on May 26 , 1793 .	6
A mysterious character , who seems to become Friedrich 's shadow .	6
Returning climbers tell the camp that Beck and Yasuko are stranded .	6
Fahey called into question the loyalty of Irish Jews to the Irish State .	4
The furniture pieces were set on a tile mosaic rug displaying images associated with east Multnomah County , including the east wind , the Mt .	7
" Club Rocker ( Pat Farell Radio Edit ) [ feat .	6
The album was released during the fall of 2006 .	4
He began collecting English 17th and 18th century apothecary jars in 1970s .	6
Far from seeing his mother as a burden , Henry seems to have adored Matilda and relied heavily on her advice and guidance until her death .	4
Some celebrities participated in the march , such as Chen Kai , a former member of China ’ s national basketball team .	7
These theories are not widely accepted , however .	3
They have released three albums : " Howl Griff " , in Welsh , and " The Hum " and " Fragile Diamond " , in English .	3
Kaufman was born in Chicago in 1936 , the only son of Elizabeth ( Brandau ) , a housewife , and Nathan Kaufman , a produce businessman .	5
They are a vital sanctuary where 14 species of seabirds nest and raise their young .	5
In February 2015 , the band self-released their comeback album entitled " Nova zora " ( " New Dawn " ) .	3
Despite the lack of major social policy legislation , Reagan was able to influence social policy through regulations and the appointment of conservative Supreme Court Justices .	5
Spiderlings hatch 8 – 10 weeks later .	5
Harry Handelsman was born in September 1949 , the son of a " well-off Polish financier " , Handelsman was born in Munich .	5
In fact , dynamic scope originated in this manner .	4
Edricus occasionally finds himself alone onstage and boasts about his villainy in the manner of Shakespeare ’ s Richard III .	7
In addition , national and global cotton production proved elastic and quickly increased .	3
The tour came shortly after Shakira reached international success with her third studio album .	6
According to CMJ from 3 / 22 / 04 pg .	6
Mr. Millicent has trouble keeping up with Monty , which makes Monty smug .	7
The village green was laid out in 1798 .	3
Thus destroying angels grow in or near the edges of woodlands .	4
They don 't get to start projects for a month .	6
Hsu joined the tangwai movement soon afterwards , coordinating a campaign team for independent candidates from January 1961 .	5
" National Defense Academy of Japan	3
An experienced armorist , Writhe collected and compiled many important armorial and genealogical manuscripts .	5
Some of the other photographers whose work the gallery has shown are :	7
Obergriesbach is a charming village , surrounded by rolling meadows and lush , green forest .	6
پانی ترے چشموں کا تڑپتا ہوا سیماب	7
The main focus was on the newest Pokémon games : " Pokémon Diamond " and " Pearl " .	3
Table showing Junior SVL ( U18 ) winners	6
Co-Operative Society , Finance , Printing Press , Gym , Cyber Cafe , Market , Function Hall , Shilpa Kale , Village Panchayath , Telephone Exchange .	3
CompuAdd using $ 100,000 earned by selling real estate part-time .	7
The " Death Match " was also a very popular subject of the Soviet press .	3
" Tourist History " received generally positive reviews from music critics .	4
Kłodzin ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
He also assumed the role of senior advisor to Lehman Brothers from 2002 to 2007 .	5
It has an area of 536 km ² and a population of 203,592 at the 2006 census .	7
The reaction is not selective , and the xylene produced can be ortho , meta , or para .	4
In March 2013 , Palihapitiya confirmed that his venture fund had raised more than $ 275 million in its second round of fundraising .	5
“ Dostoevsky ’ s Grand Inquisitor and the Soviet Regime , ” Occidental ( New York ) , No .	3
In 1904 the club won its first trophy , the Coochbehar Cup .	3
Wayuu children in the orphanages were educated in traditional European customs .	4
At the moment , Steel is not available on Satellite television , and is not available outside Italy .	3
This chord would become a signature aspect of their better-known material : It opens " The Dark Side of the Moon " with " Breathe " .	6
In 1937 he began his international service as an economist with the League of Nations .	5
The population density was .	3
A pre-release single titled " Shooting Star " was released on September 14 , along with its music video .	3
In 2008 , video game designer Hideki Kamiya listed " Star Cruiser " among his favorite games of all time .	4
A tight local derby game followed on a snow-covered frozen pitch at The Hawthorns .	3
He also sent James Gregory a copy of Fermat 's " Diophantus " .	6
Apple is supporting the revised specification in Safari 12 , iOS12 and macOS 10.14 .	4
Paul Bocuse describes sauce tartare explicitly as a sauce remoulade , in which the characterising anchovy purée is to be replaced by some hot Dijon mustard .	6
Bates was born at Marshfield , Vt . , and educated at Yale College .	4
On 11 February 1946 , she headed for the Panama Canal and transited it on the night of 21 and 22 February .	7
The village has a population of 210 .	4
Stafford 's book explores the political climate and music scene in Brisbane between 1971 and 2000 .	5
She has had her own comedy specials on both Comedy Central and HBO .	4
" Sondu Miriu Hydroelectric Power Station	5
This can be contrasted with cleistogamy , closed pollination , which is one of the many types of self pollination .	6
Jim Capers , the first African-American Revolutionary War soldier known to be buried in Alabama , is buried at Bethlehem Missionary Baptist Church in Orion .	7
USASA has established a number of standing committees that deal with specific areas of student concern .	7
This rather high threshold has been internationally criticised , but a complaint with the European Court for Human Rights was turned down .	6
Additionally , high plasma levels comparable to those in animal models where Nrf2 was activated were achieved .	7
Thus , the religion really gained a foothold after the mid 19th century when indentured servants and slaves from South Asia were brought to the country .	5
Hostility has at times broken out between the groups working with these communities .	7
Unlike most other nations , the USOC does not receive direct government funding for Olympic programs ( except for select Paralympic military programs ) .	3
At first the flags of both China and Russia were raised over the city , something that assuaged the anger of some local Chinese .	7
The population was 1,940 at the 2000 census , while the area covered by the city 's ZIP code had a population of 5,873 .	7
The following teams were , or have been active at Dan Knott :	3
Jimmy O performed his music in Haitian Creole .	3
1 Wing 's acting commander , Wing Commander Clive Caldwell .	6
at the beginning of each cardfight .	3
Francis Hincks , a journalist and colonial administrator , was invited to become its first cashier .	5
The third front parties contesting in the state were the Biju Janata Dal ( BJD ) , the Left parties and the Nationalist Congress Party .	5
Admission to the MS programme is done through the CCMN conducted by the NITs .	5
From this entrance there would have been a set of escalators to the concourse level , which will be located underwater .	3
This also brought the rebels closer to the southeastern countryside of Damascus and government-held territory .	7
The village has a population of 2,283 .	4
In the 18th and 19th centuries missionaries came to India from the United States , Canada , New Zealand , England , Wales , and Australia .	4
The company 's 2014 season included performances of " Evita " , " In the Heights " , " Dreamgirls " , and " Anything Goes " .	4
Since its launch , Absolut has grown to sell over 90 million litres of vodka annually by 2008 .	5
Kalonzo Musyoka is married to Pauline .	3
On the day before the Tour started , Ullrich crashed into his team director 's car , but was not seriously injured .	5
Stadion Brühl is a football stadium at Grenchen in the Canton of Solothurn , Switzerland .	4
Murdough was the National Political Director for the National Socialist American Labor Party , a party which espouses Nazi beliefs .	5
Jenkins responded by saying " Who knows ?	5
Mengsi ( ) is a town in Linyi County , Dezhou , in northwestern Shandong province , China .	3
In 2002 , Thousand lead the Big Ten in triples with 8 , which also tied an Iowa school record and ranked him third in the nation .	6
In optics , Miller 's rule is an empirical rule which gives an estimate of the order of magnitude of the nonlinear coefficient .	7
The village has a population of 370 .	4
Embarking on April 18 , 2014 , Arsenal de Sarandi appointed their new manager of the club head coach Martin Palermo .	5
During acquisition , a guide star is first centred in an 8 × 8 pixel window .	3
In 1966 , Darius Milhaud composed an opera , " La mère coupable " , based on " The Guilty Mother " .	5
They pass through five instars over a period of about twelve days , burrowing into the centre of the plant after about four days .	5
She has modeled for Red Chapter Clothing .	4
In his first season , he scored seven goals in 30 games and was acknowledged as one of the elite players of the league .	6
The area included the neighborhoods of Bel Air and Terra Mar Island .	7
Instead , Hsu campaigned for a seat on the Legislative Yuan , leading the December 1972 elections with the highest vote total .	5
Highlights included Women sing East , Stile Antico and Go Spitalfields !	7
Thompson was one of the first Native American students to have his name engraved on the Del Norte H.S .	7
The more the insects struggle , the more ensnared they become , ultimately dying of suffocation or exhaustion .	5
A monument now marks the spot where Foreman 's defeat occurred on WV 28 between Springfield and Romney .	7
On 25 January 1477 Edward IV made him Norroy King of Arms and on 6 July 1478 , he was promoted to Garter Principal King of Arms .	5
In 1857 , Cudworth introduced a class of 2-4-0s .	4
Dayton metropolitan area may also refer to :	3
The British could now see the advantage of keeping the French occupied on the Continent while they continued their expansion in North America .	6
1999-2000 Mohun Bagan AC 14	5
F1000Research also publishes posters and slide presentations in biology and medicine .	6
The village has a population of 124 .	4
At 50 Bromfield the club held public exhibitions of photography featuring works by its members and guest photographers .	7
The Robert California and Erin / Dwight / Andy story lines were rock solid .	6
6Washeries ( 5 Coking Coal and 1 Non-Coking Coal )	7
д 'издигне славно свој род без врева .	7
( A Microsoft document from that era even claimed that " without an I / O APIC in the system , the local APICs are useless .	6
For every 100 females , there were 82.3 males .	3
Due to the danger of the sandbar , only very small boats ventured to put in there .	4
Lord Storn expresses a desire to see ended the feud between Storn and Hammerfell .	7
Total length increased to and width to .	6
Although some considered him a surprise candidate , Lyon was appointed for three years after a lengthy application process .	4
troops excavating both sites and fights ensue .	6
The following people share this surname :	4
However , it was to be third time unlucky for the Magpies as the League side eventually emerged with a 2 – 0 victory .	5
The station is a 2.5-story balloon-framed building , built in 1938 in Colonial Revival style .	5
The Chennai Metro Rail project took 2,756 square meters of land from the Kilpauk Medical College for the construction of the Metro station .	7
" North American Cartographic Information Society	4
Shortly thereafter , Jake Harmond once again filled in for the band , this time as substitute rhythm guitar player .	3
The Metro supermarket opened on August 11 , 2012 , while their department store opened on August 18 , 2012 .	4
Jo Coppens - Blonde Frans / Slome Piet	5
She was Jewish and anti-Semitic , lesbian and contemptuous of women , ignorant about economics and hostile to socialism . "	5
Veronica was evicted on Day 120 against Mauro .	3
In the 2013 Elfsborg played their 70th season in Allsvenskan from its inception in 1924 up to and including the 2013 season .	3
Despite the absence of supporting fossil evidence , their similarity to living arthropods has led to the belief that trilobites multiplied sexually and produced eggs .	5
It is a few miles away from the small city of Carlisle and near the River Eden .	5
The village has a population of 220 .	4
Final – 4 October 11 : 55h	3
Ebaeides dohertyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	4
ATL is built on top of a model transformation Virtual Machine .	6
The 1904 German football championship was the second competition to determine the national champion of Germany .	5
An inscription on column 24 reads .	4
A member of Delta Upsilon , he graduated " magna cum laude " and Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Minnesota in 1934 .	4
It was first published in the March 1941 issue of " Super Science Stories " and reprinted in the 1972 collection " The Early Asimov " .	4
He teamed up with Jan Charouz of the Czech Republic and Stefan Mucke of Germany .	6
The band released their second album , " Out of Exile " , on May 24 , 2005 .	3
The Ci En Pagoda ( ) is a pagoda in Yuchi Township , Nantou County , Taiwan .	3
Free persons could sell their offspring , or even themselves , into slavery .	3
Host venue : Stade Sylvio Cator , Port-au-Prince , Haiti ( all times )	3
The veins crossing the band are yellowish .	5
The taxonomic rank of the many groupings of trilobites can be derived from the suffix to its name .	5
Having destroyed Alba Longa , Rome was in command of the Latin festival and thus held presidency over the Latin peoples .	5
The extended recording sessions and differing methods on the part of Jagger and Richards reflected the growing disparity in their personal lives .	7
Problems arise where serious torts , and particularly fatal injuries occur as a result of actions by company employees .	6
Starr died at a Berlin , New Jersey nursing home on January 27 , 2013 , two days after her 90th birthday , from undisclosed causes .	4
His father , Richert Vogt von Koch ( 1838 – 1913 ) was a Lieutenant-Colonel in the Royal Horse Guards of Sweden .	4
" Vernon Sturdee " was decommissioned on 30 September 1971 when the 32nd Small Ship Squadron was disbanded .	4
The village has a population of 40 .	4
They followed up with " The Swan and the City " in 1992 , although Arsenault had by this time left the band to join the Doughboys .	6
David Percy Davies ( 25 October 1891 – 15 October 1946 ) was a British newspaper editor .	5
Two matches were played between 8 February and 17 March 1931 .	4
In 1983 , it released three more Mini-Arcades : for " Ms. Pac-Man " , " Donkey Kong Junior " , and " Zaxxon " .	3
This related species feeds on midges and small crustaceans .	4
Szczejkowice ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwionka-Leszczyny , within Rybnik County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
D : Xavier Centre and Computer Science	5
When Péter Boross became Minister of the Interior Gálszécsy was appointed Minister of Civilian Intelligence Services .	4
" Varyag " had not yet been commissioned when the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991 , and the ship was left to deteriorate in the elements .	5
He died in Pine City , Minnesota .	3
The park is heavily forested and offers hiking and other generally low intensity outdoor uses .	7
The population density was .	3
Simple and effective proper hygiene such as washing hands and food is recommended for control .	5
NHS Birmingham East and North also answered to NHS West Midlands , the Strategic Health Authority for the region .	3
The Almost Good Man is a 1917 Western film directed by Fred Kelsey , released by Universal Pictures and starring Harry Carey .	7
The law school offers courses for full-time , part-time and distance learning students .	7
In October 2013 , as a result of the Keogh Review the Trust was put into the highest risk category by the Care Quality Commission .	3
2 on the Top Gospel Albums chart .	5
A vast majority of people in the Lytton Rancheria speak English .	6
Having arrived near the field where the Battle of Ligny was raging , d 'Erlon decided to detach Durutte 's division and Charles Claude Jacquinot 's cavalry .	7
The 2003 – 04 WNBL season was the 24th season of competition since its establishment in 1981 .	4
He served as the chairman of the Hawaii Tourism Authority 's budget committee .	6
10 : 50 p.m. MCP-01 Gas Line Rupture	6
Spodotaenia basicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spodotaenia .	4
Maryland Route 583 was the designation for Jennings Chapel Road from Hipsley Mill Road east to Daisy Road near Florence in western Howard County .	3
The test workings of that time are now considered the largest tin finds in Europe .	4
The Australian species are commonly labelled as lilly pillies , along with the Australian " Syzygiums "	3
That same day , YouTube also unbanned McLean 's videos of " Take On Me " and " Under the Bridge " , without saying why .	5
Following the Ilinden Uprising of 1903 , Tuminec came under the Bulgarian Exarchate .	4
The club will be known by the company name since its foundation , in 1924 , until 1944 when it became nationalized .	3
The " Front national " was theoretically independent of the French Communist Party ( " Parti communiste français " , PCF ) .	3
Gillies won by 11 strokes in 1899 , Whyte by 4 in 1900 , Howden by 7 in 1901 and MacNeil by 6 in 1902 .	3
The song reached number 1 on the Oricon charts , and charted for 20 weeks .	4
Houston , TX : The NCPEA / Rice University Connexions Press .	7
Sharmila closes the case as an accident .	3
It has an efficient mode that uses LetterWise rather than multi-tap .	7
" Heliamphora " are regarded by carnivorous plant enthusiasts and experts as one of the more difficult plants to maintain in cultivation .	6
Film communicates meaning denotatively and connotatively .	5
Near the end of the 1980s , the office was renamed the Office of Congressional Affairs and has kept that name , as of 2009 .	5
Saint Andrew 's Catholic Church is the oldest church in Barnwell County , South Carolina .	4
They are specific to the host plant " Paronychia argentea " .	3
The company has a history of acquisitions and divestments .	5
When the fissile atoms are packed closer together , the rate of neutron capture increases , and the mass becomes a critical mass .	4
Grands weigh 66 to 71 pounds .	5
The body also bears numerous processes which help to break up its outline .	6
Ebdon ended a campaign outside the top 32 in the world rankings for the first time since 1992 as he was 40th .	3
The following year , on a contract with the Caudron company and in a faster Caudron Rafale she competed again , coming second .	3
Mossberg claims the grip reduces recoil .	4
Jiangsu Art Gallery , usually known as Jiangsu Provincial Art Museum ( ) , is a museum in Nanjing , in Jiangsu province in China .	6
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 15 , 1986 as site number 86001086 .	4
In fact , a significant portion of the band 's membership are not music majors .	5
For the shoot , which took place in Wandsworth , the car was sprayed with a water hose .	5
Prior to " Quatermass " , he had directed the acclaimed Dennis Potter drama serial " Pennies from Heaven " ( 1978 ) .	5
There were four factors used in calculating the SGR :	6
On morning of 26 January , men on board this ship went ashore and started clearing land for a camp .	5
Usually up to 25,000 attend to hear Bible talks .	4
Elodina padusa , the narrow-winged pearl white , is a butterfly in the family Pieridae .	4
The proposal was accepted by Monarch 's creditors on 1 July 2009 .	4
Dependence does not also mean an inevitable progression into worsening addiction and ultimately ' rock bottom ' , as is often claimed by disease model advocates .	5
It was this line-up of Blues Club that appeared on BBC TV 's " Casualty " programme .	7
The Allied generals hurried the march , sending on the leading ( right wing ) cavalry towards Reichardtswerben .	6
The order of magnitude of the number of enemy tanks is	6
Highly abundant bacterial small RNAs have been shown to be present in the bacteria subjected to chronic nutrient limitation .	7
The first , sponsored by the AARP focused on Social Security , healthcare , Iraq , and taxes .	6
Bedfordshire played its first Minor Counties Championship match on the ground in 1895 , against Hertfordshire .	3
The 1903 Cumberland Bulldogs football team represented Cumberland University in the 1903 college football season .	5
The pontificates of Urban II and Paschal II saw an expansion in the College of Cardinals of Italian clerics that strengthened the local Roman influence .	7
Guthrie was appalled , but Ames wouldn 't lower their price .	5
/ Shall we import lard or steel ?	5
The place appears on the USGS Arcata South map .	4
Peter then decides to send Barontius back to earth via hell , where Barontius sees all of the souls in torment before returning to earth .	7
His monographs on the Hagen Site in Glendive , Montana and the McKean Site in Crook County , Wyoming are still widely consulted .	3
He orders Sophie to stay away from Corey , but she refuses .	4
Tallahassee City Manager Arvah Hopkins and brother William Hopkins , a State Attorney , had 300 to 500 head on .	4
Manufacturing accounted for 27 % of Wellington 's industry , with a further 16 % in services .	5
They hunt small insects including beetles that have flight altitudes of five to ten meters .	7
The course of the regatta is long , stretching between Perućac and Rogačica , and lasts for some three and a half hours .	6
Afterwards , they were captured by the Bolsheviks , but – having managed to break out of jail – escaped to Romania , where they were interned .	6
In August 2010 the Federal Government approved migration to International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ) by 2012 .	7
They have long strong legs with powerful talons .	4
There is access from Earhart Way and Waye Avenue Open Space .	6
The PlayStation 3 version of the game was the first game from Pixar to support the trophy system .	4
The logo is in maroon .	3
Jerutki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
( Which was eventually repatriated to his wife by the Germans ) .	3
The district includes Prairie School , Late Victorian , and Mission / Spanish Revival architecture .	7
The team that never was .	3
The piece is located on Sauer and Simmonds Street , off of the Queen Elizabeth Bridge .	4
This allowed the settlement to begin , but the lack of definition would prove the source of much future conflict .	5
Other truck-driving hits followed , including :	3
As well as his poetry , Ferguson contributed a number of articles on topics of Irish interest to antiquarian journals .	7
After World War II , Paul Jobs decided to leave the Coast Guard when his ship docked in San Francisco .	5
Every college is governed by its own constitution .	3
Despite all this , that same year the group was awarded an " Agüeybana de Oro " in Puerto Rico .	3
The ICC will be high when there is little variation between the scores given to each item by the raters , e.g .	7
It has dialects across Brazil reflecting regional and sociocultural differences .	7
He handles Constance better than Kate , and Sticky .	4
In 2016 , Johns Hopkins University conferred the Distinguished Alumni Award upon them .	3
" ; " My mother , Evgeniya Toumanova , was a Georgian , a Chkheidze by birth , from Tbilisi .	3
In S. T. Fiske , D. Gilbert , & G. Lindzey ( Eds .	4
It was in Petersburg that Foreman ( now Cotton ) , got involved in a local church led by Wyatt T. Walker .	7
It lies approximately east of Lubliniec and north of the regional capital Katowice .	6
, the system consisted of nine lines .	4
During that span , Carolina also won 11 ACC titles .	3
She decides to drop out of Noah 's band .	5
It is now in the permanent collection of the Art Institute of Chicago .	4
There are plans to prepare over stretches for the use of RCN 20 , which is currently labelled as a diversion via Sherburn .	6
Ontogeny is a useful field of study in many disciplines , including developmental biology , developmental psychology , developmental cognitive neuroscience , and developmental psychobiology .	3
Earned First-Team All-Missouri Valley Conference honors .	6
In a Pakistan arrest of al-Qaeda operatives agents found some 51 compact discs , dating from 2001 , of reports and targeting research allegedly compiled by Barot .	6
Malachi was a member of the epochal Billy Eckstine Bebop Orchestra in 1944-45 and again in 1947 .	3
Boots , Burtons , Debenhams , F. Hinds , Greggs , H & M , JD Sports , Marks & Spencer , Poundworld , SportsDirect.com	3
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	6
" Bairstow v Queens Moat Houses plc	6
Andrzej had a stillborn son with Agnieszka Olszewska in December 2011 , and his stepchildren from his marriage to Marta are Łukasz Wojciechowski and Anna Wojciechowska .	4
He was shot five times by masked militants believed to be Muslim Palestinians .	5
Leon has the power of Psyqualia , to which he refers as the " wind " .	5
Anglicanism is the largest Christian denomination in the South Island with 12.7 percent affiliating , closely followed by Catholicism at 12.1 percent and Presbyterianism at 11.7 percent .	6
St. Albans is a city in Kanawha County , West Virginia , United States , at the confluence of the Kanawha and Coal Rivers .	5
These awards celebrate those Foreign Service employees who have demonstrated the greatest facility and success in the learning and utilization of languages in their career .	7
The principal investigator for the ENDURANCE project was Earth and environmental scientist Peter Doran of the University of Illinois at Chicago .	5
The colours were bright and I think it 's just going to look like a really nice flag . "	7
Under absorption , photothermal ablation occurs , which heats the nanoparticles and their immediate surroundings to temperatures capable of killing the cancer cells .	6
Soon , the two are escaping the halfway house every Tuesday to go to the movies with other recovering addicts .	4
Oliver lettered in baseball and basketball at Highlands High School in North Highlands , California , a suburb of Sacramento .	4
Aguirre agreed and followed the trio to Corll 's home in his Rambler .	5
In 1865 Parliament voted on a Bill to make the South Island independent : it was defeated 17 to 31 .	5
The legislation placed the responsibility of developing a wellness policy at the local level in order that the individual needs of each district can be addressed .	7
Several phones that officially shipped with Windows Mobile 6.1 can be officially updated to Windows Mobile 6.5 .	6
In 2001 , the Iowa Department of Transportation gave the Avenue of the Saints its own highway number : Iowa 27 .	4
Graduate of the faculty of engineering at Erciyes University , Turkey .	6
SimpsonHaugh and Partners ( formerly Ian Simpson Architects ) is an English architecture practice established in 1987 by Ian Simpson and Rachel Haugh .	5
And that is exactly what happened .	3
After some maneuvering , both sides disengaged without firing .	3
The album sold over 32,000 copies in its first week .	4
Stocks are either wood or composite , with the composite stocks being matte black or camouflage to match the rest of the gun .	6
She is the best selling author alive and the fourth bestselling fiction author of all time , with over 800 million copies sold .	5
According to archaeological evidence found in 2011 , the Tuminec area was inhabited during Neolithic times .	5
Murdoch can be a persons first name but it can only be Murdoch Ong , Murdoch Chang , Murdoch Choi and Murdoch Huang .	3
Raven Cliff Falls on Matthews Creek in Caesars Head State Park , Greenville County , South Carolina , is the tallest waterfall in South Carolina .	5
Kickoff times are in CST .	3
Its name means " Timok Frontier " .	3
Tambo River may refer to :	3
He said that Anthony Kiedis was inspired by The Beatles 1969 rooftop performance .	5
The home is now owned by William Thompson Lowry who originally bought the home with his late wife Pomeroy Lowry .	6
Florida 's Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services Water Quality / Quantity Best Management Practices for Florida Specialty Fruit and Nut Crops p . 20 specifies that :	7
Northern European locations include the Estonian cities of Tallinn , Tartu , and Narva ; Amsterdam , Netherlands ; Angers , France ; and Malmö , Sweden .	5
Notable contemporary music ( Jazz and popular styles ) conservatories are :	6
Huet stopped 42 of 43 shots in the contest to put the Canadiens up 1 – 0 in the seven game series .	5
There are two age groups : Junior ( 10-16 y.o .	4
The idea is to consider the top " k " singular vectors , where " k " is the number of distributions to be learned .	5
He became chaplain in ordinary to King Charles I .	6
In spite of the autonomous position of the Hashid and Bakil tribes , the imam kept several regiments of tribesmen , and paid them better than others .	7
Radio Ljubljana signed on the air for the first time on September 1 , 1928 , with experimental broadcasts .	3
After his suspension ended in August , Brian Williams was reassigned to MSNBC where he previously served as both an anchor and correspondent .	7
" When he walked in , it wasn 't about the governor , it was about Arnold , " said Otott , a retired Marine .	4
To this end , Portugal sent three thousand new troops and over one million landmines to Mozambique to defend the building project .	4
Today , there are of groomed trails and of un-groomed trails throughout the Trapp Family Lodge property .	7
This article displays the squads of the teams that competed in EuroBasket 2017 qualification .	7
His goal was to discuss the relation between sexual and personality development under present campus pressures .	7
Shot at Cleveland High School in Portland , Oregon , the video takes place at the fictional Barger Rothery Academy .	4
He is also good at most sports , and is fairly intelligent .	3
Its seat is in Mutzig .	3
Que me convertí en una de ellas < br >	6
It has a population of about 6938 persons living in around 1432 households .	7
He made his debut on the professional league level in the 2 .	3
Starting on December 9 , 1800 through November 6 , 1804 , Gantt served as Chaplain of the Senate .	4
Unlike Morikawa , he is actually decent at Vanguard .	3
Subsequently , under the revised constitution of 2010 , Tharaka-Nithi became a county .	4
She mainly appears in club and pub venues around Australia , as well as overseas , but has also performed at many arena venues .	4
A post office was established at Crossroads in 1850 , but was soon discontinued , in 1851 .	3
He is a master of many styles and moves quickly and easily between be-bop , big band , avant garde , and Latin jazz grooves .	3
In 1912 – 1913 she studied art with Nadezhda Udaltsova in Paris , where she met Alexander Archipenko and Ossip Zadkine in 1913 .	6
The Da Vinci Science Center is located at the northeast corner of PA 222 southbound and Cedar Crest Boulevard .	6
A comparable book presented posthumously is sometimes called a Gedenkschrift ( " memorial publication " ) , but this term is much rarer in English .	4
MD 214 was widened from and resurfaced from Edgewater to Davidsonville between 1942 and 1944 .	6
His father , Yevgeny Pavlovich Okhotsimsky , was an accountant / auditor , his mother a housewife .	3
" Dicionário Cravo Albin da Música Popular Brasileira	7
It was officially opened by HRH The Princess Anne , on July 2 , 1991 .	4
PBA also operated a flexible , demand-based schedule with its different fleet types , even in peak season .	3
Both armies blamed the other for firing first and denied entering the other 's territory .	7
Glenville is now the headquarters of several oil and gas firms .	5
They have also been admired and used for the beauty of their flowers since time immemorial and by many civilizations .	5
The city was abandoned on 27 April 1986 after the Chernobyl nuclear disaster .	4
These stars form the red clump at about 5,000 K and .	4
The complaint alleged violations of Title IX and 42 U.S.C .	7
" Yeh Un Dinon Ki Baat Hai	6
The College is co-educational in character .	3
He scored 51 * off 23 deliveries with 1 four and 6 massive sixes .	6
Madagascar is home to nearly 4,000 kmformula _ 1 of mangrove forests , the fourth largest extent found in Africa .	6
This church , which became defunct in 1984 , bears the distinction of being the first Latter Day Saint sect to be founded by a woman .	6
The river used to flow through the village , and powered Scrooby water mill , an 18th-century mill which was used to grind corn .	7
It appears on their 1988 self-titled debut album and was released as a single in early 1989 .	5
Next came the residence of Ethelbert Bond and a storehouse belonging to Arthur Ingram .	7
A further attempt was planned in 1722 , but following the exposure of the Atterbury Plot it came to nothing .	5
Another battle is missed by the narrator , who is exploring the civilization in Pantagruel 's mouth at the time .	6
Twickenham Stadium has hosted Rugby World Cup Matches in 1991 , 1999 and 2015 with England as hosts in 1991 and 2015 therefore holding the Final .	5
تا به تبریزم دو چیزم حاصل است	7
The ship has hull-mounted medium- and low-frequency search and attack sonar .	5
Five Auburn teams have been awarded a national championship from NCAA-designated major selectors — 1913 , 1957 , 1983 , 1993 , and 2010 .	3
In Albanian it is " kuqëlorja " from its colour ( < Albanian " kuqe " ' red ' ) .	3
Yip Man students claim that as well .	6
Leaving Spider-Man to crawl back to Gwen 's body .	5
Isa threatens to leave Alec for another man named Peter Robb .	6
She lost to future UFC bantamweight Liz Carmouche via unanimous decision after two rounds .	5
Jobs became " de facto " chief after then-CEO Gil Amelio was ousted in July 1997 .	5
These figures assume that the 2001 / 2003 / 2010 tax cuts are not extended .	7
The first Senator to represent the 16th District was	5
In the game , solo players or parties raid levels populated with AI-controlled enemies and opposing players .	5
During the opening attacks of the 1967 Six-Day War , the Israeli Air Force struck Arab air forces in four attack waves .	4
The Long Fifteenth Century : Essays for Douglas Gray , co-ed .	5
The center was relocated from Ft . Holabird , Maryland to Fort Huachuca , Arizona in 1971 .	5
Minor bases : Zhenjiangguan , Wusong , Xinxiang , Wenzhou , Sanduao , Xiamen , Xingxiang , Quandou , Wen Zhou SE , Wuhan , Dinghai , Jiaotou	3
The new roof , a cable-supported retractable roof system first used with the Commerzbank-Arena in Frankfurt , Germany , is the largest of its kind .	4
Those paying jizya were subjected to insults and humiliation by the tax collectors .	4
One had been sunk and another disabled during a 1986 confrontation with US forces .	5
" Bradford Lakshmi Narayan Hindu Temple	5
Arthur Pfannstiel ( 1929 and 1956 ) and Joseph Lanthemann 's ( 1970 ) books are widely dismissed today .	6
Construction : Mahogany Blocks / Dovetail Neck Joint	6
Salimullah Khan viewed Ali Kenan as a metaphor for Sheikh Mujibur Rahman .	4
" Raja " stars Debraj Ray , Shamit Bhanja , Arati Bhattacharjee , Mahua Roy Choudhury , Anil Chaterji , Santu Mukherji and others .	3
Cheng resisted and wanted to fight .	4
It is also used when confusion with other symbols could occur , on maps for instance .	5
They also issued several tracks on psychobilly compilation albums from Raucous , Kix 4U Records ( Netherlands ) and Rockhouse Records ( Netherlands ) .	4
Due to naming rights the arena was known as the latter for the duration of the games .	4
" Florida Department of Air and Water Pollution Control	4
Certain individuals began to look at the 2300 day prophecy found in Daniel 8 : 14 .	6
Performance improvements aimed at improving scalability started heavily with version 8.1 .	6
However , one more competitive game did follow for the club - against Cardiff City , also in the league , at Ninian Park .	3
Among its guest stars were Marjorie Reynolds , Buddy Ebsen , Joseph Schildkraut , Anita Louise , Jane Darwell , and Dub Taylor .	3
Edible species which contain drugs ( biologically active constituents ) include :	7
Before that time , Inca only sporadically attacked its neighbors in the Cuzco Valley , but it was still a weak , tribute-based state .	3
Series 3 comprises 15 episodes of around 10 minutes each .	5
The foundation stone was laid in November 1857 .	3
He brought out a monthly journal titled The Twentieth Century in association with Nagendranath Gupta ( 1861-1940 ) .	7
It sits on the site of Nottingham Carrington Street railway station and the gateposts still frame the pathway from Carrington Street to the court .	6
Calm Horizons destroys Soar but Trumpet and Punisher escape , leaving the Amnioni ship behind .	6
It publishes a guide for daily Bible reading ( in English and Yoruba ) .	7
During the war , the territory was not under any direct authority .	3
" 1906 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team	4
The former resides at the Wadsworth Atheneum in Hartford , the latter at the Baltimore Museum of Art .	5
2.Материалы , касающиеся ареста и гибели Терентьева	6
Cohen sold the four properties at above their assessed values , in all-cash transactions , to LLCs owned by persons whose identities are not public .	7
In 1976 he was appointed a University Lecturer in the Physics Department at Oxford , later with the title of Professor .	4
He had previously served as a deputy representative during the term 1886 – 1888 .	4
Mike Hegan , Bob Heise , Jerry Johnson , Ed Kirkpatrick , George Mitterwald , Dave Nelson , Phil Roof , and Gary Ross .	3
On February 26 , 2008 Montreal Canadiens general manager Bob Gainey traded the French netminder to the Washington Capitals for a 2009 second-round draft pick .	4
They were demoted in 1987 after several lower table finishes .	3
Beginning in the late 19th century the three were represented by male actors known as " the Pulonia " .	6
EAPSv2 works using the concept of a controller and partner mechanism .	7
Both shows were recorded by Owsley " Bear " Stanley .	4
For example , the novel begins by portraying the army as a living entity that is " stretched out on the hills , resting . "	6
His first collection , " Terminal Moraine " ( 1972 ) won a Gregory Award .	4
This film won him a Diosa de Plata as “ Best Co-starring Actor ” .	3
Fourteen teams participated in the 2013 – 14 Cypriot Third Division .	7
The ships had a crew of 511 officers and enlisted men .	5
She has written a book – ' Putting Woman First ' , which throws light on women 's issues in rural India .	5
This opened in 1855 and became known as the Carmyllie Railway .	5
By the 19th century , European colonialism in Africa had reached its height .	4
Nephew to Brigadier Vivian Dykes Chief Combined Secretary British Joint Staff Mission Washington 1942	7
Bedford School stages an annual concert programme , culminating in a series of summer concerts at the end of the academic year .	6
Again elevated into a magistracy , Augustus granted the " praefectus urbi " all the powers needed to maintain order within the city .	7
Adam Levy is a stage , television and screen actor best known for his role as Peter in " A.D .	7
No motors are allowed on this lake .	3
Hundreds of people applied from the US and beyond , and only twelve people were selected .	5
Nimrod is an unethical scientist who does not suffer fools gladly .	3
It was renamed by a presidential proclamation on July 25 , 1940 .	3
The defendants settled the FTC ’ s complaint by paying $ 1 million for consumer redress and agreeing not to make unsubstantiated claims in the future .	7
They prefer locations with a high temperature coupled with humidity .	6
He then served in British and French ambulance units .	6
She then released her second solo single , " Birthday Wedding " on October 16 , 2013 .	3
The content is published in Russian ( day.az ) , English ( today.az ) and in Azerbaijani ( milli.az ) since February 1 , 2010 .	3
Padmini translates to " she who sits on the lotus " and refers to the Goddess Lakshmi .	6
The Charter stated that the Colony of New Zealand would be established as a Crown colony separate from New South Wales on 1 July 1841 .	7
With the Green Sox , Rico batted .240 with 25 hits in 30 games played .	6
He is credited with sixteen landscape etchings made , apparently , at Randenbroek , the country estate of artist and architect Jacob van Campen near Amersfoort .	5
Cash qualified as a barrister after graduating .	3
Films not listed on a particular website , or that do not yet have a certain score , do not appear in the corresponding list .	5
Structurally , each of the fables begins with the recounting of a tale , and at the end Marie de France includes a short moral .	5
This combination of thinking and feeling pervaded Belinsky ’ s life .	7
As the old Pharaoh grows weaker , Akhenaten becomes stronger .	4
He was a magistrate and a judge of the District Court , High Court , Court of Appeal and Supreme Court .	7
Comsec Consulting Ltd , is an Israeli information security consulting firm .	5
Convict labour was not employed and the colony in theory would be financially self-sufficient ; in practice , government assistance was used in the early stages .	5
In 1943 , the cathedral was one of the edifices bombarded by Japanese soldiers during World War II .	7
Some manual screwdrivers have interchangeable tips that fit into a socket on the end of the shaft and are held in mechanically or magnetically .	5
Tate xi ekbidh barai khawa gasör sẽi khaba dhollak .	7
The activities are set up .	3
In their first season , the club finished 2nd in the Serie C2 and won a promotion having defeated A.C. Prato in the Girone A Play-offs final .	6
The music on the album was noted to be , " experimental , and equally devoid of any conventional hits . "	4
Two of his sons , Niccolò and Bernardo , were partially educated by the Medici and may have lived in the Palazzo Medici during their youth .	5
Outpost duty on line of Tennessee River from south of Huntsville to Bellefonte , Alabama , November and December , 1863 .	4
During the 2016 Six Nations Championship , Cotter led Scotland to their first victory over France since 2006 , when the defeated the French 29 – 18 .	4
Tigranes killed two of his three sons .	4
The reactor and the ship will be regulated until 2031 .	3
Soldiers , sometimes as many as 40,000 at one given time .	5
It housed the Chapter of the Prince-Bishopric of Münster .	5
In 1999 , Tochigi won the Kanto Regional League and were promoted to the Japan Football League after finishing runners-up in the Regional League play-off .	7
Time-consuming measures usually required highly trained administrators .	5
The amount of dairy farming is increasing with a corresponding increase in demand for water .	5
After graduation , he worked as a mechanic on and off his reservation .	3
" Cherry Valley National Wildlife Refuge	4
In early March , work started on the second phase of the project , which was scheduled to be completed before the 2008 feast .	6
" Melody Maker " wrote : " O Baby is the wonderful prelude to " Rapture " " and it is " deliciously pop " .	3
Fans responded with messages of sympathy on Twitter and Facebook .	7
This includes interactive displays on water , glaciations , wetlands , riparian zones and water monitoring .	4
The video shows Hillary , Charles and Dave looking back at their younger selves .	4
As of 2012 , his books have sold over 275 million copies worldwide .	4
She released her debut studio album , " From in the Shadows " ( 1999 ) , later that same year but it was not commercially successful .	3
Most sauces are not normally consumed by themselves ; they add flavor , moisture , and visual appeal to a dish .	6
After his parents had moved to the United Kingdom in 1972 when Idi Amin enforced the expulsion of Asians from Uganda .	5
He refuses to tell her their destination .	4
Angelo confesses to killing Jack .	3
In medicine , the allocation of resources in an urgent situation is prioritized for those with the greatest need and those who would receive the greatest benefit .	7
How could a priceless Egyptian antique vanish from a locked casket in a locked safety-deposit box in a locked vault in a locked bank ?	3
The theme of the music is the regional folk songs .	4
Since then , UNC won four of five ACC championship games between 1992 and 1996 .	6
Erwin Arnada ( born 17 October 1963 ) is an Indonesian journalist and filmmaker .	5
The album featured all the songs from the 2012 contest .	5
The older village area under its squire was recusant , and thus the Church of England church serving the village was outside the village at Newchurch .	6
In 2004 , he teamed up with EMG 's Albert Yeung to start his own film company , JCE Movies Limited , for whom Chan is chairman .	4
1415 , March 1416 , 1419 , 1420 , May 1421 , 1422 , 1423 , 1429 , 1435 , 1437 , 1442 , 1445 and 1447 .	3
degrees from 2017 and 2018 batches .	5
He tells her a story which becomes one of the film 's segments .	7
Wearing dress designed by costume designer Camilla Haith and assistant Genesis V. Cordoba .	6
However , others report the ability to wander off the hotel grounds .	5
The " Reichskonkordat " was an integral part of four concordats Pacelli concluded on behalf of the Vatican with German States .	7
31 , with a 24 – 24 win-loss record .	6
In 1889 , the Monongahela Railroad was completed , connecting Pittsburgh and Clarksburg .	5
In March 2007 , she reprised her role as Izzy Hoyland in scenes shot while on location in London in November 2006 .	3
The overwhelming majority of the population of the village of Kurovskaya were Old Believers .	6
Houses opened only to inner courtyards and smaller lanes .	4
Cardinal Augustine Bea SJ was his personal confessor .	5
Lightning or human-caused fires occur seasonally .	5
On 17 November 2013 a new speed record for Polish railways was set when the Pendolino ED250 reached a speed of , breaking the 19-year record of .	6
Programs organic to MSUM include the following :	5
He was re-elected in November 2011 and named the Commission 's vice chair .	6
The film , directed by John Farrow , was a huge big success .	5
A real differentiation appeared perhaps 70 mya in early primates , while the shape of the human thumb CMC finally appears about 5 mya .	6
Jim and his daughters arrive to show encouragement , inspiring Tyler to hit the ball .	6
He managed to appease the dissatisfied tribesmen who had performed raids around San 'a .	6
The average household size was 2.11 .	3
A keen footballer , Bishop played for non-League teams Hyde and Southport , and was known for having an aggressive style of play .	6
Lagoya played a variety of works for guitar , performing concerts and recording albums , often collaborating with Presti and also with other musicians .	5
with honors in anthropology from Stanford University in 1977 , and J.D .	3
The music on this record is without a hint of dynamics or melody . "	4
The situation of the Tregian family improved somewhat when James I came to the throne .	7
Ponton 's acting career started in the early 1970s when he appeared in the television series " Mont-Joye " for five years .	7
Babrosty ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
This is an archontological list of Serbian monarchs , containing monarchs of the medieval principalities , to heads of state of modern Serbia .	6
Zhuang folk arts include music and dance :	6
And I 'm like ' It 's fictional !	3
It lies approximately east of Olsztynek and south of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
The population density was 444.5 inhabitants per square mile ( 172.0 / km ) .	3
He conducts three seminars a year with communication leaders called The Art of The Long View .	7
OpenShift.io is Red Hat 's SaaS service that provides an application development environment .	6
Lowery also released another new solo song titled " Kicking Tree " to iTunes .	6
O 'Brien played in Qualifier 1 ( [ [ Sheffield Eagles ] ] ) to Qualifier 6 ( [ [ Leigh Centurions ] ] ) .	3
It features the same sliding tang safety on the top rear of the receiver , twin action bars , and dual extractors seen on other models .	6
For a time , up until the late 1980s , the post office was housed inside the Ola General Store .	4
“ Love Beyond ” was staged in September 1996 , “ Ostarrichi ” in October 1999 and “ Concerto Italiano ” in September 2003 .	4
Prisons managed by GEO Group Australia include ;	6
Multistory buildings usually employ stepped massing similar to that seen at Taos Pueblo .	7
The site was was then acquired by the East of Scotland Housing Association and is now occupied by Fettercairn Drive and Stracathro Terrace .	6
The town of Whitesville lies just to the southeast , and the communities of Orgas and Seth lie just to the north .	6
The fuselage is plywood covered .	3
One of the members , Scotty Morris , went on to form the swing band Big Bad Voodoo Daddy many years later .	6
Из истории Русской Церкви XIV-XV веков .	6
He uses a Shadow Paladin deck .	4
Examples of historical impacts of actual or potential childlessness include :	7
There is a yellowish supercilium which joins the interrupted white eye ring .	6
The Grangegorman campus is currently home to students in Fine Art , Product Design , Visual Communications , Photography and Social Sciences .	3
Play Off Final - Reading 97 Oxford 82	6
A Rail Trail – a bicycle and pedestrian path beside an existing coastal train track — is under consideration .	7
Nate tries to convince Lily to fly away , but Lily lacks confidence in her ability to fly .	5
From 1975 until 1987 he was the head of the Museum Department , and head of research , at " Statens historiska museer " .	4
So far the book has been printed in two editions and is one hundred and twenty-four pages .	3
The numerical wine rating system has been heavily criticized .	4
The first uses reversibly cross-linked chromatin sheared by sonication called cross-linked ChIP ( XChIP ) .	7
The building construction started in July 2009 , when the counselor of Culture Joan Manuel Tresserras and the mayor Jordi Hereu , laid the first stone .	7
Other receivers selected were Fred Biletnikoff , Tim Brown , Bernie Oosterbaan , Larry Kelley , Raghib Ismail , Don Hutson , Howard Twilley and Keith Jackson .	3
He worked on a number of films directed by Carmine Gallone .	6
Tickets can be bought at bus terminals or ticket offices .	4
Beaumarchais 's Figaro plays are " Le Barbier de Séville " , " Le Mariage de Figaro " , and " La Mère coupable " .	4
It has become known for its luxury accommodations and celebrity guests .	5
" Dave 's Picks Volume 6 " includes long-lost recordings that were given back to the Grateful Dead organization shortly before the production of the album .	7
They are the only birds that can fly backwards .	3
The Proetida maintained relatively diverse faunas in both deep and shallow water shelf environments throughout the Carboniferous .	5
It 's all about the way stereotypes have reversed , turned upside down and become meaningless . "	3
Rockpalast ( " Rock Palace " ) is a German music television show that broadcasts live on German television station Westdeutscher Rundfunk ( WDR ) .	6
Tazmalt District is a district of Béjaïa Province , Algeria .	3
In September 2018 , he was named in the Titans ' squad for the 2018 Abu Dhabi T20 Trophy .	4
He was a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for Clare constituency in the 2nd and 3rd Dáils .	3
It is not known how Brahmagupta arrived at his interpolation formula .	4
Joseph Ganda celebrated his first mass in his hometown in Serabu at the Sacred Heart Church .	3
He married musicologist and Unitarian minister Margery Morgan .	6
Off-grid homes only use clean electric power .	3
The building has had a second bedroom added to each flat , to each of the four corners of the structure .	5
After the reformation in 1527 , King Gustav Vasa took possession .	6
William Shepherd ( born 1949 ) is an American astronaut , commander of the Expedition One crew on the International Space Station .	4
Later , after the group 's move to Warner Music Taiwan , its name was changed to 黑Girl , and the English name officially became Hey Girl .	4
The address of the house is now 7 Barry Street , with what was the side of the house facing the street .	6
He established his animation studio Green Gold Animation in 2001 .	4
The original microcomputer versions were for the Apple II , Atari 8-bit family , VIC-20 , Commodore 64 , and IBM PC .	3
The road continues through rural residential areas as it reaches a junction with CR 539 and the eastern terminus of CR 528 Truck .	7
[ 12 ] On November 21 , 2014 the Atlanta Braves signed Kang to a minor league contract for the 2015 season .	3
Examples of bound salad include tuna salad , chicken salad , egg salad , and potato salad .	4
Earth chestnut is a common name for several plants and may refer to :	3
In 2000 , at the company 's 20th anniversary , the company launched its Central Florida division , primarily focusing on the Orlando and Tampa areas .	6
" Ain 't Nothing Gonna Keep Me From You " is a song written by Barry Gibb in 1977 .	5
In the Netherlands , the television market is divided between a number of commercial networks and a system of public broadcasters sharing three channels .	7
Singapore had been represented in the Malaysia Cup through the Singapore Lions since 1921 .	3
Smythe leaves to go see what has happened .	5
Mandelic acid is an aromatic alpha hydroxy acid with the molecular formula CHCH ( OH ) COH .	3
The tournament was held in Dubai , UAE on January 14 – 23 , 2010 .	4
On the European level , the party is a member of the European Free Alliance , although it has no seats in the European Parliament .	5
We wanted them to see positive men .	4
He was born in Ålesund as a son of Wilhelm Ernst Ramm Gran ( 1890 – 1979 ) and Marit Mogstad ( 1896 – 1982 ) .	6
" LA602 " initially flew with a Typhoon-type fin and rudder unit .	4
To the surprise of both sides , the parliament of the canton of Zug voted for surrender on 21 November by a large majority .	5
The 2006 All-Star Game was held at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto , Ontario on February 25 , 2006 .	3
Further , Kalagni Rudra says that one who wears a rudraksha should not consume alcohol , meat , garlic , onions .	6
Arthur Riggs , " Grey Eagle " became the last commercial steamboat to run up the Willamette River to the landing at Junction City , Oregon .	6
On 12 January 1948 she left Romania with her sister Ileana aboard a special train provided by the Communists .	5
The village has a population of 1,000 .	4
Matsuda admired the adventure-filled world of " Hunter × Hunter " and the practical character qualities of friendship , effort , and victory inserted by Togashi .	5
By avoiding political , military , and geographic details of the conflict between the states , the story becomes divorced from its historical context .	6
They operate internationally through their subsidiaries in Europe , North America and Asia .	5
" Robert Jones ( footballer , born 1868 )	4
It and Muovisto Oy are subsidiary companies of KFR Hollola Oy .	4
Of these , 46 air battles conducted between F-4s and MiG-21s - the losses were 27 F-4 Phantoms and 20 MiG-21s .	6
He entered the British Army as a 2nd lieutenant of the 23rd Regiment of Foot ( Royal Welsh Fusiliers ) in 1850 .	7
In the Middle Ages , to teach the children in church choirs , church schools proliferated .	3
The population density was .	3
Dolichoderus taschenbergi is a species of ant in the genus " Dolichoderus " .	3
His army marched blindly into Frederick 's clutches .	4
Jackson maintains the book publishing industry blog called Conservative Publisher .	7
They mapped out the project as a paper-and-pencil game before coding commenced .	3
by registering a class that implements com.ibm.streams.operator.window.StreamWindowListener < T > that	7
Davide was evicted on Day 22 .	3
On 22 December 1942 JW 51B sailed for Murmansk , and was detected by on 30 December .	4
The church was formerly located in what is now the Blake Brothers Post No .	5
The film was released on DVD on June 1 , 2004 , initially , and later on January 1 , 2005 , and May 13 , 2009 .	3
Another important function of the Appellate Division is to provide a wide range of technical assistance and training to other PDS divisions .	7
The District employed : 7 administrators , 99 teachers , and 31 full-time and part-time support personnel .	3
Williamsburg Pottery eventually added a campground and factory outlet stores , growing to over and 32 buildings .	7
Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town .	6
In 2009 , Hedin was diagnosed with tongue cancer and therefore has not performed ever since .	3
Pope John II ( ; died 8 May 535 ) was pope of the Catholic Church from 2 January 533 to his death in 535 .	3
[ [ File : 130223 Jason Zucker Wild.png | thumb | [ [ Jason Zucker ] ] ] ]	3
This character was the counterpart to David Collins , but was the son of Quentin and Angelique Collins .	5
He is trained in mountain and Arctic warfare .	4
" 1984 San Pedro Basin earthquake	3
For 1958 , Chevrolet models were redesigned longer , lower , and heavier than their 1957 predecessors .	3
The other windows are mullioned .	3
It lies approximately south-east of Żywiec and south of the regional capital Katowice .	6
Four clubs promoted from the 1993 – 94 Ukrainian Second League .	7
The record did not chart .	3
Diaxenes phalaenopsidis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	3
The plan initially was to construct a relief settlement to take people out of the crowded city of Belfast .	6
He was dismissed from the latter position in 1782 for refusing to acknowledge the right of England to legislate for Ireland .	6
There are thirteen tjaskers remaining in Friesland .	5
In summer 2014 Ragatzu was transferred to Pro Vercelli .	3
At the outset of World War I , Modigliani tried to enlist in the army but was refused because of his poor health .	5
Chaves County was named for Colonel Jose Francisco Chaves , a military leader here during the U.S. Civil War and later in Navajo campaigns .	3
In a recent show , Sheila stated that she often would go into public places wearing pajama bottoms .	6
The quantities in which each product is produced depends on the M / R ratio .	5
" La Combattante III-class fast attack craft	4
He graduated from Dickinson College in Carlisle , Pennsylvania , in 1827 .	3
The overwhelming impression is of some action intensely personal and private - no triumph , no armies , no victory .	3
Kanpur University honoured Anandakrishnan with the title of " Doctor of Science " ( Honoris Causa ) in 2005 .	6
While his " Perceptrons " is now more a historical than practical book , the theory of frames is in wide use .	4
The film appears to be based on an event that took place some years before .	6
The flag was thus approved for use by government buildings inside Canada as well , and once again flew over Parliament .	5
It is then heated , filtered , and applied in thin layers to supports such as wood or metal .	7
However , due to the national digital television transition , several of the analog translator stations were shut off .	4
Writing of her youth in " Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter " she said :	5
Staff investigators also provide additional external training at the local and national level , notably for the National Defense Investigator Association at its annual conferences .	5
Cedar Grove is the site of Fort Kelley and the oldest settlement in the Kanawha Valley , dating from 1773 .	4
The incident escalated because a security guard was reported to have stated that he " couldn 't risk letting the couple inside because they were foreigners " .	7
A jouer au fantôme , on le devient ( Musée National d 'Art Moderne / Centre Georges Pompidou , 1997 ) " .	6
The book won the in 2012 , and the in 2013 .	4
In Gotham City , Commissioner Gordon calls Batman only for Daffy to turn up wearing his costume .	5
The constituency was created for the 1950 general election , and abolished for the February 1974 general election .	6
In 1873 , Eugène Viollet-le-Duc built a bell tower typical of the style of northern France on top of the donjon of the building .	6
He tried to go to Tigranes .	4
However , " Duel " suffered from low viewership during its run as a regular series , and ABC canceled the program after sixteen episodes .	6
His competitive debut was in a 3 – 0 victory over Sheffield Wednesday on 3 October 2009 .	3
No forms or varieties have been described .	4
Populations thrive anywhere in the species range where grasslands , woodlands , and riverine forests remain largely undisturbed .	7
17 OCT 1971 Brasil 12 - 6 Paraguay	6
The shells fired from the " Terreur " , penetrating these vaults , caused several terrific explosions , and the palace was wholly destroyed " .	5
The village has a population of 156 .	4
Oijärvi , Olkkajärvi – Matkalampi , Onkamojärvi , Onkivesi , Ontojärvi – Nurmesjärvi , Orajärvi , Orivesi , Osmankajärvi , Otermanjärvi , Oulujärvi	3
A " distortion " effect produces approximately the same amount of distortion at any volume , and its sound alterations are much more pronounced and intense .	5
The cost of the entrance to Vinpearl is 880,000VND ( Approx .	5
It lies approximately north-west of Panki , west of Kłobuck , and north of the regional capital Katowice .	7
In 1976 , he was promoted to the position of deputy principal , and worked in this position in a number of schools .	5
Snowdoun is located on U.S. Highway 331 south of Montgomery .	4
Denim never goes out of style ; it 's classic , it 's iconic , just like the Beatles . "	3
The name is also an acronym for " Design Audio & Visual Illusion Dynamics " which signifies the studio 's impactful animations .	5
The style expressed a desire for greater freedom of architectural expression and for more organic and complicated forms .	5
The political executive also includes the state secretaries , the political advisers and the press secretaries .	3
The mines primarily produced fluorine-fluorite , gold , silver , lead , and zinc .	5
Sisters , 47 ; novices , 20 ; postulants , 17 ; schools , 6 ; homes , 2 ; asylum , 1 .	3
At the same time , weekly mosque attendance rate in Iran has been very low compared to other Muslim countries .	4
Łomy ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
In 1996 , Premier tried to revive the sagging fortunes of the Padmini by introducing a more modern variant .	6
Islam was first introduced to Guyana via slaves from West Africa , but was suppressed on plantations .	4
In the process they killed two and wounded one badly .	6
Four units produced for shunting in mines and industrial environments .	6
However , when Aqua Force suddenly disappeared for unknown reasons , the power of the Soryu family in turn also vanished .	4
To date , only one female singer have spent more weeks at the top : Shakira with " La Tortura " , 25 weeks in 2005 .	3
Hossack spent the next three years learning his craft and honing his skills as chassis builder , mechanic , and pit crew member .	7
Below is a list of all the tournament goalscorers by decreasing number of goals scored :	7
British Prime Minister Winston Churchill initially rejected the offer on May 27 unless Britain received something immediate in return .	6
It is one of three heritage buildings on the corner - the other two being the Walsh 's Building and the Wesley Church .	4
She raised money for the Continental Army and is known for her involvement in the Ladies Association of Philadelphia .	6
In the second half of the 17th century , the church was rebuilt using designs of Pier Paolo Jacometti .	6
Religious motifs took a significant role in Parjiani ’ s works , which was quite unusual for a painter of the Soviet period .	7
Eschbach is located at ( 46.672760 , -120.633843 ) .	3
Gustav Mützel died at his home ( Hagelsberger Str .	3
The hotel 's reputation for discretion attracted such musicians as Bob Marley and Bob Dylan in the 1970s .	6
They also garnered some attention for releasing an album entirely in MP3 format in 2003 .	6
She played Miss Crump on the long-running ABC radio program " The Village Glee Club " ( 1942 – 71 ) .	3
MapReduce , in computing , consists of two or three operations .	6
Nebraska opened conference play against a stubborn Sooner team that intended to take advantage of the inexperienced Cornhusker roster .	6
" List of Mother and Son episodes	5
It was concluded that " ... intensive combined treatment applied in these cases is effective in relieving patients with both moderate and severe amanitin poisoning .	7
The larvae feed on various Capparaceae species , including " Capparis arborea " , " Capparis canescens " and " Capparis spinosa " .	4
The charter allows students who live out-of-district to attend the school .	7
A list of chapters of Alpha Sigma Alpha sorority .	6
DeVito was also considered for Fred Flintstone .	3
It was at first an all-day school , including a boarding house .	3
Radyo Pilipinas Butuan is fully owned by the Government of the Philippines .	4
There is a south aisle with an arcade that seems to be late 13th century .	6
Typically considered as an error / loss robustness feature .	6
He also called games for Marquette University basketball and Southern Methodist University football and has done various other sports including Major League Baseball and NFL football .	7
Most Writopia students attend workshops at Writopia 's main locations in Manhattan , Brooklyn , Westchester , Washington DC , Chicago , and Los Angeles .	4
" Gods Over Constitution : Transnational Constitutionalism in the 21st century " ( Surry ,	3
Mandatory reading when studying Dutch Indies literature includes :	6
He also penned for 30 Malayalam films .	3
It has an area of 1,841 km ² and a population of 137,300 at the 2006 census .	7
Vuk had thus decided to leave the country and enter the ranks of Süleyman Çelebi .	7
Vieux gaulois à tête ronde	5
Fighting ceased whilst negotiations over the Treaty of Brest-Litowsk took place .	7
Hylton supports Premier League football club Stoke City .	7
In their previous meeting , Nebraska defeated the Buckeyes in their first meeting as conference foes , 34 – 27 , during the 2011 season .	3
She started her performance career as a dancer in Germany at the age of seven .	4
It was released theatrically through First National 's parent company Warner Bros .	5
Henley told the officer that he was the individual who had made the call and indicated that the body of Dean Corll was inside the house .	7
The Middle / A Praise Chorus AUS Tour EP	7
A sailor tied the two vessels together .	4
The film 's plot centres on three married women — a grandmother , her daughter , and her niece — each named Cissie Colpitts .	3
The total 2010 census population of these was 7,345 , living on a land area of .	4
While Coe was gaining access to the " Michigan " , Captain Beall was preparing to take over the ferry " Philo Parsons " .	5
" National Capital Wing Civil Air Patrol	5
Madina Lake released their debut album " From Them , Through Us , to You " through Roadrunner Records on March 27 , 2007 .	3
Moxee is located at ( 46.556499 , -120.387119 ) .	3
Brand departed for Egypt on board the " Orvieto " on 21 October 1914 .	3
His adventures lead him into tricky situations and , eventually , he does see it .	3
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , of which , is land and is water .	5
The first important success of this band was when they played in Tbilisi Altervision-Newcomers and became a winner .	5
Tiong Bahru United renamed themselves to Tanjong Pagar United at the start of the season .	4
It is part of the Weirton-Steubenville , WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area .	5
List of nominating groups participating in the 2013 Church Assembly election :	7
He has just returned from his education in England .	4
UNC attained a # 1 ranking in the 2013 season and won the ACC tournament .	4
In the final episodes of the series , Klinger gets engaged to Soon Lee Han ( Rosalind Chao ) , a Korean refugee .	5
Özel Ege Lisesi celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2012 .	3
He married Perl Weinfeld , daughter of Rabbi David .	5
Managers can view their teams call data and track usage .	6
In that stretch , Gee surrendered a career high 12 hits in his start against the San Francisco Giants on April 23 .	3
Many of the reviews also praised Nanjiani 's return as Prismo .	6
There is a conserved HLR sequence motif found in DUF 3719 .	5
The band 's Chinese name " Shenmu yu Tong " , means " sacred tree and pupil ( of the eye ) " .	4
Isleworth railway station is in the London Borough of Hounslow , in west London , and is in Travelcard Zone 4 .	3
This eliminated the distinctive " chin " radiator of the Typhoon and improved aerodynamics .	4
For a number of years the Library of Congress sought an appropriate exhibition celebrating the Bicentennial of Congress .	6
If less than ten races are completed all races will count .	6
There were 408 housing units at an average density of 541.4 per square mile ( 210.0 / km ² ) .	6
There is no mistaking the messages of compassion and animal rights in this album .	6
At the end of Orphanage Road nearest to central Erdington there are plans under discussion for a large new supermarket .	5
After The Warehouse doubled its admission fee in late 1982 , it grew more commercial and Knuckles decided to leave and start his own club , Power Plant	6
Duel Monsters episodes ( season 4 )	3
" Football at the 1986 Brunei Merdeka Games	5
It closed in 1848 and was used as a corn mill from 1886 .	5
Miss Crane is a missionary who operates schools in India as part of the Church of England organisation .	6
An Autumn Journey was recorded live at Tielt , Belgium 08 / 10 / 82 .	7
In the 1820s he began to explore and develop his comic depictions of domestic scenes .	6
Population below 6 yrs was 33,482 .	5
Many indigenous peoples saw their culture and tradition being overwhelmed by the alien culture of Portugal .	6
Detached from 5th Iowa Cavalry February 25 , 1864 , Designated Brackett 's Battalion , Minnesota Cavalry .	5
Dolichoderus mucronifer is a species of ant in the genus " Dolichoderus " .	3
However , she was so horrified by this that she lobbied for the parents to withdraw their children , causing the closure of the school .	7
There are special shuttle buses linking Galeão to Santos-Dumont , and bus and taxi service to the rest of the city .	5
2014 " Kids , Barbed Wire , and a Dream " , Tanit Gallery ; Munich , Germany	3
The median age was 42 years .	3
On 15 June the second match was played in Lecce and the result of the match was 1 – 1 so AlbinoLeffe didn 't reach Serie A .	5
WRRR-FM broadcasts an adult contemporary music format .	5
St Kilda made the final four for the first time since 1939 , finishing third with eleven wins and seven losses .	6
Blasphemy : Afghanistan , Brunei , Iran , Mauritania , Nigeria , Pakistan , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Somalia , United Arab Emirates , Yemen	3
The main unit requires a power point installed next to it for main power .	6
USMC is the United States Marine Corps .	3
He was in daily charge of designing and constructing the new locomotive .	4
Cadfael sees a pattern of something being sought and not found .	6
Midwestern Saturday Night is the self-published debut album by American singer-songwriter Susan Werner , released in 1993 ( see 1993 in music ) .	5
Only months after James Francis Edward 's birth , his Catholic father was deposed and exiled in the Glorious Revolution of 1688 .	5
The Weismannian notion that the germ cells are unaffected by somatic cells or their environment is however proving not to be absolute .	6
" Ban Pa Kai Railway Halt	5
She died in 1790 , and her Barony passed to her only surviving son from her first marriage , the 8th Duke of Hamilton .	5
division that dealt with limiting the proliferation of unconventional weapons " .	6
According to Cassius Dio , Pompey ordered Lucius Domitius to join him .	3
Jobs proposed that any foreign student who got an engineering degree at a US university should automatically be offered a green card .	6
Barwick played as a bowler , at the beginning of his career he bowled as a fast-medium bowler .	6
Brunel had the leather treated with whale oil in an attempt to maintain flexibility .	6
He was admitted to the bar about 1791 and commenced practice in Sandwich and the Cape Cod district .	7
In 1943 he handled a stolen grenade , from a French military camp , which exploded .	4
He currently rides a Kawasaki ZX-6R in the CIV Supersport Championship .	5
There is also considerable influence from Venezuela , as the traditional Wayuu territory is shared by the two nations .	4
Giri , Puri , Bharati , Ban , Aranya , Sagar , Aashram , Saraswati , Tirtha , and Parwat .	3
The Slovenian National Grid Initiative ( NGI ) provides resources to the European Grid Initiative ( EGI ) .	4
The RM-13 had a " Heart " Button which let the user add songs to favorite list .	6
In 2010 he appeared opposite Rahul Bose and Esha Deol in " Ghost Ghost Na Raha " and started in " Apna Sa " with Koyel Mullick .	4
Synopsis : It is Scratchy 's birthday .	4
It is known for its lotus flowers .	3
The book is still is in use by Mennonites today .	3
The station had been planned to be built as part of the second phase of reinstatement of the Clonsilla-Navan line .	7
However , these epi-marks hold no consistency between individuals in regard to strength and variability .	7
Cấm trích dịch dưới mọi hình thức .	6
The goal of World Clubfoot Day is to raise awareness about clubfoot disability and its prevention using the Ponseti method .	7
Miller was born on February 2 , 1900 , in Macon , Georgia .	3
David Tennant appeared in a cameo role as the Caretaker , later being cast as the Tenth Doctor in 2005 .	4
Some cultures recognize paternal care via celebration of Father 's Day .	5
US and Canadian prices were significantly higher .	5
Typical plots involved the pair helping injured trappers , tracking down smugglers , or saving cabin dwellers from wolverines .	7
Their remote position to the city centre was compensated for by underground lines constructed usually a decade after the completion of the housing projects .	6
" Dirty Pictures ( Part 2 ) " was eventually released on May 18 , 2018 .	3
In 2014 , they are : Jerry Arrison , Chairman ; Ed Sharrah , and Henry Crushong , JR , Vice-Chairman .	3
It main exponents are Chico Trujillo , Banda Conmoción , Juana Fe , La Mano Ajena , Cholomandinga , Combo Ginebra , etc .	3
Masolo , Achille Mbembe , Thomas Mofolo , John Middleton , Simon Ottenburg , JDY Peel , Mamphela Ramphele , Isaac Schapera , Monica Wilson and V.Y .	3
The house has a rear wing added between 1869 and 1872 .	6
Saumya returns to claim Rudra but Rudra and Bhavya are married .	7
" Kapitan " Vasili Ivanovich Yanchenko ( 1 January 1894 –	3
Another equivalent definition is that Killing spinors are the solutions to the Killing equation for a so-called Killing number .	4
In 1984 , he made " Inside Story : Fall River Spectacle " for PBS which won the Cine Golden Eagle Award .	6
Lloyd resided in Fairfield Glade , Tennessee , just outside Crossville , until his death in February 2015 .	3
The school built classroom buildings and an athletic field .	3
Sound of the Underground is the debut studio album by English-Irish girl group Girls Aloud , formed through the ITV television series " " .	5
His forces were unable to hold the Brenner Pass , allowing the Cimbri to advance into northern Italy by late 102 BC .	7
Pledger began filming his first scenes opposite Jones and many of Noah 's early scenes were with Sophie .	6
FC Nürnberg it was the third national championship .	3
In 1961 , he held his first individual exhibition , " 15 paintings by Arranz " , in the Club Universitario de Barcelona .	3
The 22 July 1978 US charts when this song was charted , " Grease " was at number 6 .	6
Holt finds it difficult to re-focus after playing a bad shot .	6
Rock Port High School is a public secondary school ( grades 7 – 12 ) in Rock Port , Atchison County , Missouri .	3
As of the early 21st century , new methods are being developed to synthesize nanomaterials such as graphene .	6
It deals with issues related to the youth of India .	6
" Westin Ka 'anapali Ocean Resort Villas	6
Router tables evolved as shop improvised tools .	6
Helen Wilton manages Rob 's base camp .	4
Third-seeded Lindsay Davenport won the singles title and earned $ 79,000 frist-prize money .	6
In the Fall of 2004 , the girls volleyball team took home the GMC title for the first time in school history .	4
However , the video returned on the website shortly after its removal , with an age restriction .	3
The italics are also very different to Garamond 's own or Granjon 's , being much more ornate and with considerable variation in angle of the capitals .	6
Kfar Tapuach is noted for its concentration of followers of the late Rabbi Meir Kahane .	6
The main hall of the temple is long and wide and contains eight pillars resembling cyprus trees .	6
In September 2007 , the company acquired Codian , a rival developer of video-conferencing infrastructure products , for $ 270 million in cash and shares .	4
Deleting all files in the disk image	4
Stoneking , Clairy Browne & The Bangin ' Rackettes , Hiatus Kaiyote , Ella Hooper , Harry Angus , Emma Donovan and more .	3
Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name .	7
As a result , new tank development was commenced and a new family of tanks that included many sub-families was the result .	7
Hodgman appeared in the North American Get a Mac advertising campaign for Apple Inc . , which ran from May 2006 through 2010 .	6
Additional music was contributed by Roger Wanamo and guest arrangers Shiro Hamaguchi , Hayato Matsuo , Masashi Hamauzu and Torsten Rasch .	4
A fisherman witness the dead body of the biker hanging from a tree and informs the police .	6
Such studios save expenses on manufacturing and assembling of decorations , outdoor shootings , and permanent refitting of studios .	5
Most of these are archaeological sites and graves of soldiers fallen in World War II .	7
Lt. Gen. Obeng served as the Defence Adviser to the Ghana High Commission in London from March 1984 to September 1988 .	3
The larvae feed on " Iris pseudacorus " , " Glyceria maxima " , " Scirpus lacustris " , " Sparganium " and " Typha " species .	3
The Writing average score was 453 .	3
In August 2016 , the DGUF signed the Berlin Declaration on Open Access to Knowledge in the Sciences and Humanities .	4
In 1997 , Techno Import , a French commercial distributor , compiled a CD entitled " Spiral Tribe : The Sound of Teknival " .	5
Ondipudur has two cinema theatres named Jaishanthi and Radharani ( closed before 5 years ) .	6
Pott 's formulations proposed little new theory ; he merely supplied further details and rendered existing theory more approachable to the common man .	7
Byrum has spent time playing on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour .	6
That really kindled a passion in me for learning things !	3
Kamnje ( ) is a settlement just north of Šentrupert in southeastern Slovenia .	4
The HKD required of sail dressing annually .	5
It continues south past Bellever to Dartmeet where it joins the West Dart .	5
Prostitutes are known locally as " shermuta " in Arabic , or " mnzerma " and " me 'amn " in Tigrinya .	3
Its full address is Empress State Building , Empress Approach , Lillie Road , West Brompton , London , SW6 1TR .	3
77 families ( 223 people ) from Nagorno-Karabakh and other territories temporarily settled in Agstafa region .	5
After leaving Brandeis , Dybwad taught a course on developmental disabilities at Syracuse University .	5
The population was 997 at the 2010 census .	3
Lumban is politically subdivided into 16 barangays .	3
DCR offers advanced workforce intelligence consulting and predictive / prescriptive analytics in the non-employee workforce space .	6
Till date , Hoxha , is Albania 's most successful swimmer .	3
In March 1892 , a new station designed by Shepley , Rutan and Coolidge was opened .	6
Aokas District is a district of Béjaïa Province , Algeria .	3
Fletcher concluded that the Japanese main carrier force was located and ordered the launch of all available carrier aircraft to attack .	6
" Pitchfork " s Neil Lieberman found some of the ballads tedious and the melodies " cheesy " .	7
In one adaptation , the Harp is replaced by the Southern Cross .	3
He said , ' This is an Apple computer . '	3
The protagonist eventually embarks on a quest involving the exploration of the galaxy .	6
The Sierra de San Pedro is a Site of Community Importance in Spain with ID ES0000070 .	4
Marquess of Salisbury is a title in the Peerage of Great Britain .	4
" List of things named after Stefan Banach	5
In 1892 the official foundation of the museum took place in the district of Zellerfeld .	5
Brubeck died of heart failure on December 5 , 2012 , in Norwalk , Connecticut , one day before his 92nd birthday .	3
These scrolls are often also referred to as " The Spell ( s ) for Coming Forth By Day " .	3
Windows were confined to the ends of the building , as are doors .	4
This allows officials to prepare for and implement an execution without disrupting the operations of the main Rockview facility .	7
Thus the plot to capture the " Michigan " and liberate the prisoners on Johnson 's Island failed before it really began .	6
Evidence supporting the use of opioids and muscle relaxants is poor .	7
The village has a population of 270 .	4
Baryeh ( ) is a village in Duzaj Rural District , Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .	3
The English translation is by Carol Brown Janeway ( November 2006 ) .	3
27.0 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
The final livery was a sand-like " Platinum " with blue colour scheme to celebrate the company 's 60th anniversary .	6
His father Gösta Florman established a photography firm in Kristinehamn , Värmland .	3
His birth name is taken from a member of Hooker 's own family named Franklin Pierce .	6
According to the 1998 census it has a population of 10,301 .	4
Ontario and practiced law with W.E .	5
He also refused to discuss the pregnancy with her .	4
One subplot fictionalises the conflict between Gauss and his son Eugene ; while Eugene wanted to become a linguist , his father decreed that he study law .	7
Esplá remained in charge of propaganda .	4
As one of the earliest creators of cybersecurity software , Brown founded WalkSoftly in 1996 , which released the first mass market software cybersecurity programs for PCs .	7
" Onward " had accommodation for a crew of 70 , and was certificated to carry 1,479 passengers .	5
Released on June 12 , 2002 , it was dedicated to family member Aimee who chose not to participate in the television show .	7
The private merchant bank specializes in loan acquisitions , real estate financing & investment , distressed securities , and hospitality .	3
Kristie Reeves ( née Kerstin Weingartner ) is a German actress , musical theater performer and producer .	4
Nelson Anniversary Day is a public holiday observed in the northern half of the South Island of New Zealand , being the area 's provincial anniversary day .	6
The second church building remained the home of the congregation until 1908 , in which year the third and present building was completed .	4
1965 saw the unbeatable Mohun Bagan side script two firsts .	5
The experience with Mark profoundly affected Newton .	5
Throughout the game , the player encounters CG artwork at certain points in the story , which take the place of the background art and character sprites .	7
He threw the first passing touchdown in Redblacks history in their first game on July 3 , 2014 against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .	3
Jobs oversaw the development of the Apple II 's unusual case and Rod Holt developed the unique power supply .	5
The first elected President Municipal was Don Victor Crisostomo .	4
Metinvest Shipping ( " Skif Shipping LLC " till July , the 25th , 2012 ) .	3
and the other by Jan Józef Szczepański , " The Concept of Morality in Literature " .	3
Japanese Nin-Jitsu has variations using the straightened and hardened toes .	7
Florida United States Senate election , 1932	5
In essence , it ensures that the distributions corresponding to different values of the parameters are distinct .	7
RSS makes it possible for people to keep up with web sites in an automated manner that can be piped into special programs or filtered displays .	7
Now alone , Brennan was on welfare and cleaning houses to earn money .	4
For his efforts at Wagram , he was honored with the Order of the Iron Crown on 17 July 1809 .	4
The club spent three seasons in the National Conference League Premier Division between 1993 and 1996 .	6
After the war , material shortages encouraged experimentation with less durable , less expensive materials such as wood , ceramics and papier-mâché .	5
The Union established Fort Fuller on the present site of Potomac State College of West Virginia University .	7
To be eligible , student musicians must be active members , in good standing , in the appropriate music ensemble at their school .	3
Wojnowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
There was an effort by the town of Watrous to designate the transmitter a historic site .	7
Herbert Dixon , 1st Baron Glentoran OBE PC ( NI ) DL ( 23 January 1880 – 20 July 1950 ) was a Northern Ireland Unionist politician .	5
Since 2001 , the company has received numerous state , national , and international awards and recognitions .	4
Nha Trang Vinpearl operations hours for the visitors in the weekdays and there is some attractions close at 11 p.m .	5
He brought with him letters of recommendation from Daniel Webster and Justice Curtis .	7
In Week 14 , in the third quarter , running back Antonio Andrews threw a 41-yard passing touchdown to Mariota in the wildcat formation .	3
Division 6 - four sections	5
Many brands provide examples of brand communities .	4
It features 96 pages of monsters unique to the Forgotten Realms campaign setting .	7
" Would You Have Sex with an Arab ?	4
A professional approach to coaching and education is maintained with over sixty-five Rugby Ready and over 60 coaches qualified to RFU Levels 1 or 2	7
He was a charismatic leader with a dynamic personality , quick wit and an unpredictable nature .	3
They were known for having large herds of goats .	5
He passed his " baccalauréat " , in Letters and Philosophy , in July 1903 , being graded " trés bien " ( very good ) .	4
Natural gas processing changes the commodity in two critical ways .	6
This suited Linotype 's hot metal typesetting system .	3
03 04 08 10 12 14	5
The third season began filming in October 2012 , and premiered on January 20 , 2013 .	4
This honor is rarely conferred upon international scholars .	3
At the Rogers Cup , Berdych was defeated by Canadian Vasek Pospisil in the Third Round .	3
Her Arab-inspired patterns of this period include " Kungatar " , " Naamio " , " Sadunkertoja " , " Tumma " , and " Välly " .	4
People with this name include :	4
Four women in a middle-class traditional household fight for dignity in their own ways .	3
Thenceforth business , but apparently far fewer regular , meetings were held .	6
The plans were disrupted by the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 .	4
" Hay River / Brabant Lodge Water Aerodrome	6
It is the output of the metabolism of glucose known as glycolysis .	6
After getting caught , Jimmy and Bachchan head towards Haridwar to find Pooja and recover Bhaiyyaji 's money .	7
Treaty of Altranstädt may refer to	4
In 1949 , the death penalty was abolished by the " Grundgesetz " in West Germany .	3
The presence of human burials is expected , as the Monongahela often buried their dead within their villages .	4
She translated a number of articles and books on the subject of psychology .	7
The main heroes are Naomi Moriha ( Callsign Jasmine ) and her wingmate , which is the player .	3
One of the rotten eggs hurled hit Mayakovsky 's shoulder .	7
Pei , Ada Louise Huxtable , Jean Nouvel , Fumihiko Maki , Reyner Banham , and many , many more .	3
Es la fuerza que impulsa vigorosa	5
At 10 : 00 , a Kawanishi reconnaissance flying boat from Tulagi sighted TF 17 and notified its headquarters .	5
The process that created the septaria that characterize septarian concretions remains unclear .	7
The story is set in Madripoor , where Wolverine ( accompanied by Psylocke ) tells his new teenage companion Jubilee about Charles Xavier and the X-Men .	7
Gang-du tries to grab his daughter from the crowd and run .	5
The demographic breakdown of the 2,291 students enrolled in 2013-2014 was :	6
be the class of all component distributions .	3
He was one of four children .	3
Vengeance prefers using corporal punishment on human sinners where Ghost Rider takes a more pacifist approach .	7
She was born in France , the daughter of Raymond de Gontaut , Seigneur de Cabrerès and Françoise de Bonafos , Dame de Lentour .	5
6 and the Symphony No .	3
Ticket colors corresponded to assigned viewing areas .	5
In spite of the company 's name , Melilla Airlines lacked of a valid Air Operator Certificate .	5
In the USA , the clone also proved highly resistant to elm yellows , but very susceptible to Japanese beetles .	4
On the west coast , Dunford starred with Ed Begley , Jr. in David Mamet 's " The Cryptogram " at the Geffen Playhouse .	3
Although she is happy she also wants to punch Tyler but also kiss him , with her feelings becoming mixed .	3
Louisville at the capture of the Arkansas post , 10 and 11 January 1863 .	7
All songs by Craig Nicholls , except for " 1969 " , by Craig Nicholls and Dave Olliffe .	4
Applying them to formula _ 39 gives :	5
The village has a population of 71 .	4
This amount is a $ 233,290,000 increase ( 4.6 % ) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010 – 2011 .	3
For such converts , church membership could mean the loss of everything – family , property rights , and life itself .	6
The refuge is a varied mix of open water , sloughs , shallow marsh , seasonal wetlands , cropland , islands , and shrub-steppe upland habitats .	4
She was powered by Parsons geared steam turbines , driving two shafts , which developed a total of and gave a maximum speed of .	7
Standing 6 ' 5 " and 317 pounds , his primary position was defensive tackle .	6
The triggered oscillator will be at 66 ns after the next clock , at 65 ns after the second clock , and so forth .	3
The median age was 40 years .	3
The first Spanish expedition to visit Cozumel was led by Juan de Grijalva in 1518 .	4
Stephen tells him not to and leaves , accidentally driving away in a taxi with Howard ’ s gun .	7
( マクロス デジタルミッション ブイエフエックス , " Makurosu Dejitaru Misshon Buiefu Ekkusu " ) , UNiT , Bandai Visual , CD-ROM	4
Also on the defensive line was defensive end Kamerion Wimbley , who was among the ACC 's leaders in recorded sacks .	4
They act as middle-men for the other powers — especially the " triangle trade " between America , the Soviet Union , and Japan .	4
Ikole is a Local Government Area of Ekiti State , Nigeria .	3
Panellinios has been the top-tier Greek League 's champion 6 times , in the years 1929 , 1939 , 1940 , 1953 , 1955 , and 1957 .	3
Graham , J. S. , Xiong , J. , & Gillikin , J. W. ( 1991 ) .	3
It also forms a part of Greater Visakha Urban Development Authority .	6
36.9 % of all households were made up of individuals and 16.6 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
They later achieved success in the highest humanistic circles of Florence .	5
West Bridgford UDC ran its own fleet of buses with brown and yellow livery , it merged with Nottingham City Transport in 1968 .	7
Thirunallar possesses one of the greatest pieces of Tamil hymnal literature called " Pachchai Padigam " .	7
They had a " licensed monopoly " to print paper money , which reduced competition .	4
Fran is a girl created by Dr. Naomitsu Madaraki , the world 's most famous surgeon .	6
Skaters who competed at national or international competitions include :	7
Eventually , he granted an interview to fellow Miami journalist Rebecca Wakefield , a former New Times writer who was working for the SunPost .	7
In June 1981 the LD20 diesel engine was added , as was a 2-litre gasoline version ( Z20 ) for the top-of-the-line SGX version .	4
" North Essex Partnership University NHS Foundation Trust	6
26 mining agreements that were halted by Lopez were sent by Cimatu to the MICC for evaluation and confirmation as well .	7
The Richard Harris Film Festival is one of Ireland fastest growing film festivals .	5
" 1954 – 55 Iowa Hawkeyes men 's basketball team	5
They kill and consume larger prey by tearing chunks of flesh .	6
Stuart-Robertson was born in Booligal and was the son of Robert John Stuart Robertson , a self-proclaimed doctor , and Catherine Eleanor JOYCE .	4
She was latterly a trustee of various population and birth control trusts , including the Birth Control Trust , the Simon Population Trust and the Galton Institute .	5
Petro Krysak also served as the first postmaster , from September 1 , 1911 , to July 7 , 1913 .	3
Shortly after his freshman season , Joseph , despite not having been drafted , was signed by the St. Louis Blues to a free-agent entry-level contract .	3
Quora supports various features to moderate content posted by users .	7
The observer and the observed are one .	4
The fourth track , " If It 's Gonna Rain " , was written by songwriter Dean Dillon among others .	3
Evelyn made her first experience as a singer at the age of ten years in the school choir , whilst also singing in the church choir .	4
A single torpedo scuttle using gravity expulsion exited at the bow .	6
During that time he was part of Trinity Square Repertory Company in Providence , Rhode Island .	3
In 1462 the castle survived a siege by the forces of John of Islay , Earl of Ross and the last Lord of the Isles .	5
Stéphane Jouve subsequently assessed " R. rarus " as indeterminate at the species level , but not at the genus level , and thus dubious .	3
It is neither sticky nor dry and crumbly , but soft , moist , and with a fine , uniform grain .	3
Paul Cunningham is an Irish journalist and author .	3
It consists of the following communes :	3
The property was formerly owned by Inland Western Real Estate Trust .	6
Another bridge of boats was constructed across the Ouse at Poppleton to enable communications between them and the other armies .	6
She has been the subject of stories on " 60 Minutes " , " Australian Story " and " This Is Your Life " .	3
Ross delivers just what he promised . "	4
The club was founded after the ladies team representing Wimbledon F.C .	5
Those with children , for example , get more .	5
The album was a slight departure from the rock and power ballad sound the band sported with their previous albums .	7
In the United States he has conducted Salt Lake Symphony , Longy Symphony , Garland Symphony , Arlington Symphony and Las Colinas Symphony .	4
The element is non-compliant HTML .	3
Frye and Brian McCarthy in the Late Model division and Rick Donnelly , Bob Potter , George " Moose " Hewitt and Dick Ceravolo in the Modifieds .	3
The village has a population of 200 .	4
Deposits would be underwritten up to 20 million rupiah ( approx .	6
But for the next 32 years , during a period when Japan was formulating its laws based on Chinese texts , none were sent .	3
Benson and Cleveland offered the song to Marvin Gaye when they met him at a golf game .	4
She is an editor at the Progress in Human Geography journal .	5
It lies approximately south-east of Choszczno and south-east of the regional capital Szczecin .	6
They were also survived by 12 grandchildren at the time of Red Sovine 's death .	6
This marine species occurs off Spain ( Tenerife ) , Canary Islands ) , Portugal ( Madeira ) and in the Mediterranean Sea and the Adriatic Sea .	3
We are we are we are we are	7
It lies approximately east of Węgorzewo and north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Interventions include , among others , individual psychotherapy , group therapy , psychoeducational sessions , and behavior planning .	4
The LSM ships had to return to Sydney for repairs before taking up station in Vietnam .	5
It included parts of former Gdovsky and Luzhsky Uyezds .	6
Tookey then gave the final verdict as being " Entertaining , but dumb . "	3
2 respectively , against each other in a Major final for the sixth time ( out of eight ) .	3
The undergraduate program is ranked 44th in " BusinessWeek " magazine ’ s Top 50 list of best undergraduate business programs .	4
Fort Santiago is now a well-maintained park and popular tourist destination .	3
Muller Crater has a central peak .	3
" List of accolades received by The Lives of Others	5
There exists formula _ 63 such that formula _ 64 .	5
The most important general account of ricinuleid anatomy remains the 1904 monograph by Hans Jacob Hansen and William Sørensen .	5
This is a pattern that continues to exist today among minorities appointed to the Department .	7
He had trouble conveying what medical missionary work was .	7
They crossed the St. Lawrence River border from Maine and attacked Campobello Island .	5
The EP 's four tracks marked a transition into what became their signature pop-punk sound .	7
Wynnefield Heights for the purposes of creating a safe , clean and responsible community . "	7
Brennan visited him twice at the cabin .	3
In a retrospective issue , " XXL " magazine awarded " The Chronic " a perfect " XXL " rating .	5
Jónsi for Iceland and Željko Joksimović for Serbia both previously participated in 2004 .	5
" MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2018	6
The play is a retelling of the Phantom Troupe finale in the Yorknew City arc .	5
On 7 September 2009 , EMI Records released a special edition of the album exclusively to digital download .	4
He signed with the Minnesota Twins as a free agent on April 1 , .	3
2004 – ’ 05 – 1st Tour Champion	6
The Ministry of Supply designation system for these engines reflects the obvious linkage to their Mamba lineage :	4
There are various inscriptions on the work .	4
The management decided to give the new subsidiary considerable independence – while the old printing house kept a similar independence .	5
Outside the top ten were García , Huertas , Vanthoor , Saga , Dusseldorp and Arundel .	3
Four fly-halves are in the IRB Hall but not the International Hall .	3
Sailing ULDBs required agile , athletic sailors that	5
There were 219 inhabitants living in 2001 .	5
Darebin United shares a friendly rivalry with neighbouring side West Preston .	6
Some women participate in both indoor and outdoor track and field .	5
However , he was placed on the injured reserve on August 4 , 2007 .	3
EID-2 inhibits TGF-beta / Smad transcriptional responses .	5
" Andhra Pradesh Eastern Power Distribution Company Limited	7
Most available brands easily exceed this target .	3
Radar systems used basically to detect objects by using radio waves .	7
Triguboff 's ARTAND Foundation retained Dott Publishing .	4
the lake supplies water to the Wilmot Power Station on the foreshore of Lake Cethana .	5
After that , until the mid-1980s he did works in several genres , including fantasy and horror , but specially erotic comics .	4
Most of the oil produced in northwestern Pennsylvania was formed in sandstone reservoir rocks at the boundary between the Mississippian and Devonian rock layers .	5
After this , Microsoft ceased development on Windows Mobile , in order to concentrate on Windows Phone .	4
Chapel Hill : The University of North Carolina Press .	5
According to Bakhtin , " [ A ] ll were considered equal during carnival .	4
His official debut was as Marcello in " La bohème " in Washington , D.C. , in 1969 .	3
As with many rural expressways in Iowa , the Avenue of the Saints has exit numbers in that state .	4
The village has a population of 160 .	4
After a public consultation , the board officially named the island North Island or Te Ika-a-Maui in October 2013 .	4
As early as 1905 , many Japanese people also began to migrate to the city , mainly from Hawaii .	4
They were originally built as part of the east portico of the Capitol in 1828 , long before the familiar Capitol dome was completed .	5
Experience the atmosphere of Africa on you .	5
She continued to sing , using her work in music therapy to supplement her performing career .	6
A 1995 study found preliminary evidence that gun control legislation enacted in Queensland , Australia reduced suicide rates there .	7
Resistance was mounted throughout the country , involving attempted fraternization , sabotage of street signs , defiance of curfews , etc .	7
Access to park facilities vary by season .	6
For her portrayal as Amy , Mulvaney has been longlisted 3 times in 2010 , 2011 and 2012 at the Inside Soap Awards for Best Young Actor .	3
In the middle of the discussion , Rachel and the adult Franklin appear .	3
Club Street was predominantly a Hokkien area .	3
By September 1999 the two converted RU-38As had been delivered to the Coast Guard in Miami , Florida for operational employment .	3
Consider this PHP script which includes a file specified by request :	7
Manhattan Loft Gardens is a 42-storey skyscraper in Stratford , East London .	4
Aulus was consul " suffectus " in AD 32 , and died in office .	4
The earliest known cricket match to have been played in Hampshire took place on Tues 22 May 1733 .	5
Her debut novel " Memory of Water " was published by HarperCollins in 2014 .	5
The Dominicans established the Universidad de Santo Tomás in 1611 and the Colegio de San Juan de Letrán in 1620 .	4
Corral spent a week living in the destroyed Radisson downtown with other journalists , covering the unrest and chaos that followed the historic storm .	6
Market America was to remain in Greensboro , N.C. and the previous shop.com staff were to remain in Monterey , California and London , UK .	6
Darguina District is a district of Béjaïa Province , Algeria .	3
Article 11 of Lebanon 's Constitution states that	6
When asked if the Wii " Punch-Out ! ! "	7
This species is native to Ecuador .	3
Powell died in Albemarle County , Virginia near Charlottesville , and was buried at Hollywood cemetery in Richmond .	5
In 2001 , he missed two games after spraining the MCL in the same injured knee against the San Francisco 49ers .	7
His interests include Sufi poetry and playing the guitar .	5
A list of communities comprising the Cape Breton Regional Municipality .	7
He was president of the Pontifical Mission Societies before he was elevated to the title of archbishop ad personam in 2005 by Pope John Paul II .	6
Open burning of trash is prohibited .	5
Galați has several exonyms : ( Galatsi ) ; ; ; ; ; ( Galats ) ; ( Halats ) and ( Galats ) .	3
He also wants to win the affection of Laura .	5
Pedal steel guitar on 4 by B. J. Cole .	3
Daisy Violet Rose Wood ( 15 September 1877 – 19 October 1961 ) , was an English music hall singer .	5
Marti or Catalan Martí may refer to :	5
The one who will understand the structure of Yujism , worldview will be revealed .	6
The village has a population of 4,279 .	4
In the second series " Cardfight ! !	3
Churches located in Horsley Park include :	5
He graduated in Turkish language and literature from İstanbul University .	5
After working in the Washington , DC office of U.S .	5
Doel is harassed by a group of older teachers .	4
It has , however , the third longest coastline in the country ( second only to Bahia 's and Maranhão 's ) , extending 635 kilometers .	4
For the first five ceremonies , the eligibility period spanned twelve months from August 1 to July 31 .	3
Each character 's shikigami is unique and also comes in two variants that are chosen at the start of the game .	7
Liangjia ( ) is a town in Yucheng , Dezhou , in northwestern Shandong province , China .	3
Bluing was also used by some Native American tribes to mark their arrows showing tribe ownership .	7
A local newspaper is also edited in Chinese .	3
The film went on to become a blockbuster at the box office and became one of the highest grossing Malayalam films of all time .	6
Since human development continues to alter watersheds , unimpaired runoff provide fixed frames of references for flow rates .	7
The money ran out in 1925 and Monroe County voters were asked to approve the issuance of $ 2.6 million in bonds in early 1926 .	7
Based on this information , the Israelis planned a frontal attack by their reinforced independent tank battalion .	3
Long ago Fulani tribes and clans used to fight over cattle and grazing rights .	7
It was published by the Liga dos Amigos de Cabo Verde .	6
" 2004 United Malays National Organisation leadership election	5
By August 1920 , he had risen to the rank of " Kapitan " .	4
He returned to Southland following the 2018 Super Rugby season .	4
The Doctor contacts UNIT and explains that he is not interested in getting involved in this problem .	7
He has a daughter named Casey and a son named Joe .	6
" Badminton at the 2007 All-Africa Games	4
Their success eclipsed Gilbert 's playwriting career , during which he produced dozens of plays .	6
There is also SL Agritech Corporation , in Barangay Oogong , Santa Cruz , Laguna ,	4
M : Religious Education ( Mary MacKillop Centre )	5
They characteristically infect leaves , catkins , and branches , not roots .	3
where she graduated in 1964 .	3
Renda Broadcasting operates stations in Pennsylvania and Florida	5
These columns create a sense of internal colonnade within the space .	4
Pea Ridge is located at ( 38.415668 , -82.321367 ) .	3
On 26 December 1863 , the Feast of St Stephen , Quinn laid the foundation stone for a grand cathedral designed by Benjamin Backhouse .	5
A mobile version was released by Kiloo also in 2004 ; it is currently available for free .	4
From 10.2007 to 06.2010 — Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ukraine .	5
A reversal in fortune occurred to this prosperous family in 1883 .	4
Cif belongs to the α / β hydrolase family of proteins .	6
People with diarrhea may be treated with loperamide to increase the amount of drug contact with the parasites .	6
According to Yugoslav sources from 1981 , the village was populated exclusively by Macedonians .	4
Wynorski later said he should " have stopped and said let ’ s just not do this .	7
Some notable publications were George Bernard Shaw 's " Plays Pleasant and Unpleasant " and A. E. Housman 's " A Shropshire Lad " .	3
" Golden Harvest ( Pty ) Ltd v Zen-Don CC	7
Nazirite Jews ( in Hebrew : נזיר ) abstained from grape products , haircuts , and contact with the dead .	4
The main CDMA providers are Reliance , MTS , and Tata Indicom .	3
In 2005 / 06 , Warren released a set of five limited edition 7 " singles under the pseudonym Modlang .	5
: 4 % and John Jay H.S .	3
The Macintosh was introduced by a US $ 1.5 million Ridley Scott television commercial , " 1984 " .	6
Highland Independent School District is a public school district in southwestern Nolan County , Texas ( USA ) .	3
The two smaller parts comprised about and respectively , and formed the remainder of the Básál pargana .	5
In a rematch of the previous year 's gold medal game , the Calgary Buffaloes defeated the defending champion Regina Pat Canadians to win the gold medal .	5
Hamilton Street and Hamilton Boulevard became part of the William Penn Highway in 1916 , PA 3 in 1924 , and US 22 in 1926 .	4
Kirtland Records leveraged the Bush back catalog rights to secure a national distribution deal with RED Distribution , which remains the label 's distributor .	6
Immediately after the last elimination , Jamie announced that three new designers would be joining the competition , much to everyone 's dismay .	6
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , of which , is land and is water .	5
Burgess returned to New Zealand , and resumed his career with the New Zealand military with the rank of lieutenant colonel .	7
It owns cash reserves and property holdings worth 110 million euros .	7
The population density was 741.5 inhabitants per square mile ( 285.1 / km ² ) .	3
Count Basie , Cab Calloway , Duke Ellington , Benny Goodman ) .	3
For members of the cooperatives certain treatments are free .	4
It covers a period of about 65 years starting from 1626 and ending to 1689 .	7
The family was very happy with Simran and Rajveer , and their two daughters also went to school .	4
" Statistics accurate as of match played 13 October 2018 . "	6
In school , he developed a reputation as an academic achiever , excelling in writing poems , short stories , and play-acting .	4
Tandberg Storage ASA was a magnetic tape data storage company based in Lysaker , Norway .	5
This contrasts with the account of Plutarch .	4
It is innervated by the deep branch of the radial nerve ( C7-T1 ) .	5
The stadium is also built to accommodate a baseball diamond , with retractable seating sections making room for right field .	7
Bower also added that there were no plans to recast the role , because the character of Declan Napier had just been through a recast .	6
Located on the eastern side of Elk Creek , the fort was used by the Virginia state militia from 1776-1780 in conflicts with Native Americans .	5
Nevertheless , Rotich said he wasn 't satisfied with the time .	5
As a result , three Japanese drivers were entered into a Grand Prix for the first time since the 1995 Japanese Grand Prix .	3
I was just on tour for a year and a half and I 'm tired ! ' "	3
The Nationwide initially kept the separate identities of the two societies .	4
Factors that may lead to a team making this choice are :	7
Ken Tucker of " Entertainment Weekly " described the criticism of the save-the-whales conservationists as a " delightfully savage ridicule " .	4
Music released on Cauvery Audio Company .	4
Some major outbreaks have been traced to contaminated vegetables ( due to presumed soil contamination ) .	4
At the 2006 Asian Games in Doha , Han added four more bronze medals to his collection for a total of eight .	4
He assumes this disguise at the first Card Capital Shop Tournament , where he faces Aichi in the second round .	6
These attempts tended to reassure Marine Command and Intelligence commanders .	7
It isn 't to do with animosity or anything like that .	6
A modern structure functionally , while appearing like the original built 100 about years earlier , the new Princeton Station Museum should last for future generations .	4
The population density was .	3
The pope created 52 cardinals in five consistories that included his successor Pope Paul VI .	6
It is owned by The King of Shaves Holding Company Ltd .	6
He has also managed Colm O 'Rourke Sports , his own sports shop in Navan Shopping Centre , during this period .	4
Shortly after being accepted by Robert Callaghan , the institute 's professor , the exhibition hall catches fire .	6
It is recorded that a young man called Frank Elrington was on one occasion on the piston carriage , which was not attached to the train .	6
However ; it was eventually built with a semi-hexagonal front .	3
The population density was .	3
It was held at the Circuito de Jerez in Jerez de la Frontera on 5 May 2013 .	5
The village has a population of 279 .	4
The median age was 40 years .	3
It was preceded by " First Daze Here ( The Vintage Collection ) " ( 2001 ) .	3
He therefore is the first Austrian since Richard Bergmann in 1937 to win the World Championship Singles .	6
The " stinger " features Homer , Lisa and Bart eating beignets at the Café Du Monde .	3
The vatch is delighted in the captain ’ s cleverness , and sends him on the next leg of what it calls a game .	7
From the time of the establishment of the town of Frankfort for many years this was the trading center of the entire country side .	6
This was Delbonis 's third top 10 win .	3
Currently located in New York City and headquartered in London , there are plans for expansion into Sydney , Australia in 2014 .	5
He moved to Stjarnan in the Úrvalsdeild before the 2011 season .	3
The natural features of the hill were used to form an oval-shaped motte and an inner bailey , surrounded by an outer bailey beyond .	5
Harris Reserve is on the corner of Gamon Street and Thomson Street .	4
Most of the Allied cavalry units in front were smashed by the initial charge and many of them trampled over their own men trying to flee .	7
Bentley had apparently requested that Gardner not outfit the car with any gadgets other than the telephone .	6
This Act provides the legal basis for and encourages shared use of Government facilities and resources with the private sector in advanced telecommunications technologies .	7
These beetles have a glossy surface with iridescent colors varying from green to reddish or violet .	7
" The Things We Do to Find People Who Feel Like Us	6
St Kilda played its first game at the MCG in Round 22 and defeated Melbourne 10.7 ( 67 ) to St Kilda 17.12 ( 114 ) .	5
Until 1876 the office was called Prime Minister for Justice ( ) , similar to the office of Prime Minister for Foreign Affairs ( ) .	6
The culmination of the struggle in the air in early 1972 was 10 May , when VPAF aircraft completed 64 sorties , resulting in 15 air battles .	5
IMDb give this film a 6 / 10 stars .	6
Credits adapted from Machliss ' agency website .	5
Bimmen , Brienen , Donsbrüggen , Düffelward , Griethausen , Keeken , Kellen , Materborn , Reichswalde , Rindern , Salmorth , Schenkenschanz , Warbeyen and Wardhausen .	3
The show revolves around five real-life sisters living in different cities .	5
Mellor developed craft training sessions for woman .	6
Although Son of Beast set several new records , The Beast retained its wooden coaster records for length and ride duration .	5
Among the facilities impacted by lack of power was the Christchurch Hospital , which was forced to use emergency generators in the immediate aftermath of the quake .	6
In 1972 , Tandberg purchased Radionette , another large Norwegian electronics firm now focusing on televisions .	4
The raw spirit passes through three columns of a continuous still to remove impurities .	5
His greatest curling triumph came in 1972 when he won the Manitoba , Canadian and World Championships of curling .	7
There are 55 km road of republican importance through the district .	4
In 1906 , it removed " West " from its name .	3
The participating countries are India , Afghanistan , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Maldives , Nepal , Pakistan and Sri Lanka .	3
Together they had a daughter , Eugénie .	3
The concept of the chord zither is different from that of the concert and alpine zithers .	6
Steel 's novels , often described as " formulaic , " tend to involve the characters in a crisis which threatens their relationship .	6
" The Garden of Eden ( song )	4
These fall into three fairly distinct groups .	4
He later moved into an apartment of his own above the shop .	5
The show , a police drama presented as a musical , was co-created by Steven Bochco , who also served as executive producer .	6
The 50th Virginia was organized in July 1861 , with ten companies and three companies of cavalry temporarily attached .	5
" New Taipei Municipal Tam-Shui Vocational High School	6
Effective administration of the region was achieved by the end of 1899 .	4
After Kahane defaulted on his debt , Kirtland sold the No Doubt royalty rights but kept the Bush back catalog rights .	5
During his time in Houston , Hall collected the team 's Ironman Award by logging the most minutes for the 2011 and 2012 season .	7
Public collections containing Kelpe 's work include :	6
George William King was defended by Albert Ogilvie , who went on to become Premier of Tasmania .	7
He is buried in the National Pantheon of Venezuela .	4
" Kelly 's Directory " of 1885 describes the church , its history and living as :	4
Piece ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
These measurements will be used to enable stable pointing at the milli-arc-second level .	6
Rutkowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
The population density was .	3
As of the census of 2010 , there were 613 people , 260 households , and 171 families residing in the town .	6
In 1966 , it won its first seat in the provincial legislature and municipal councils .	4
The Boggs Run area of Benwood contains the land extending from Marshall Street at the mouth of Boggs Run to Browns Run .	6
With the total trailer weighing 300 kg , hydraulic brakes were used powered by the trailers own inertia when the tow car decelerates .	5
In addition , Tourism Victoria spent a further A $ 650,000 .	4
The group is associated with West Coast hip hop music .	6
The Front incorporated forces from the ( disbanded ) Crimean Front and received additional forces from the ( disbanded ) Southern Front on July 28 , 1942 .	4
Foxx reacted angrily refusing to do a show with such a small audience and walked off .	6
In 2002 , he signed with Rochester Rhinos , where he played for three seasons in USL A-League .	6
The NHC anticipated re-strengthening as the central pressure decreased .	5
Paterson : GK W.Doney , DF J.Smallwood , B.Henshall , MF J.Henshall , G.Henshall , FW T.Bisland , T.Evans , H.Curry , W.Warburton , W.Wyatt , J.Sutton	3
It lies approximately west of Szczytno and south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
In December 2003 , the album was re-released with the omission of " Don 't Want You Back " and the bonus tracks .	4
In 2003 , he sold it to U2 singer Bono .	3
He commanded the regiment throughout the war , and also acted as commander of the 56th Brigade on several occasions .	5
The film stars Lenore Ulric , Colin Chase , Lucille Ward , Estelle Allen , Gayne Whitman and Herschel Mayall .	3
Anderson was born on March 7 , 1989 in Subic , Zambales , Philippines .	4
The median age was 50 years .	3
Each member recorded under an alias : Grice as The Genius , Diggs as Prince Rakeem or The Scientist , and Jones as The Specialist .	5
The Frontera Women 's Foundation was established to address the scarcity of resources for community based non-profits in that particular area .	7
It had 24 family welfare subcentres .	5
" Contrasts ( Aziza Mustafa Zadeh album )	5
He refused to appear in the Supreme Court ( now the Federal Court ) during the term of Salleh 's successor , Abdul Hamid Omar .	6
It has been celebrated as a tradition beginning from the late nineteenth century and fills Cozumel ’ s streets with parades .	6
She conducted training exercises in the Hawaiian operating area for a month and one-half before she weighed anchor on 30 May and got underway for the Marianas .	4
Which approver groups are linked to a package is based on the approver group rules .	6
The current courthouse has served the county since 1939 .	3
Blue Ventures is also collaborating with communities in mapping the relatively unexplored marine biodiversity of Ataúro .	6
" Accademia di Belle Arti di Palermo	6
It lies approximately north-west of Węgorzewo and north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Throughout the entire length of the tube , a section is made in the top , leaving an open space of about five inches .	6
In 1778 Levi Shinn constructed his log home along what is now Route 19 ; today it is the oldest standing structure in north-central West Virginia .	4
100 % villages have power supply .	4
The Rhopalocera , comprising the Papilionoidea ( butterflies ) , Hesperioidea ( skippers ) , and the Hedyloidea ( moth-butterflies ) , are the most recently evolved .	5
In 2006 , they started an initiative – Nirman , for identifying and nurturing young social change-makers in Maharashtra .	5
The indexer must then identify terms which appropriately identify the subject either by extracting words directly from the document or assigning words from a controlled vocabulary .	7
The economy experienced a brief period of growth early in Reagan 's first year in office , but plunged into a recession in July 1981 .	5
At the Simpson residence , Marge disapproves of the plan , but decides to do it for Apu 's sake .	5
Synaptic allocation pertains to mechanisms that influence how synapses come to store a given memory .	7
The total area of landfills and dumps is .	5
In 2005 Merregnon 2 has been published on the Japanese market by the label Dex Entertainment , distributed by Sony Music Japan .	4
In 1989 Merritt choreographed the opening number of the 61st Academy Awards presentation .	5
Movements used at both SeagullHK and tjSeagull .	5
The population density was 345.1 people per square mile ( 133.2 / km ² ) .	3
The amount of power wielded by Cree chiefs varied from person to person .	7
He states that anyone with a connection to the Ghost Rider can use the gun .	6
This was then heated to form uranium trioxide , which was reduced to highly pure uranium dioxide .	7
Anna rejects him kindly and rides away , with Danny chasing her .	3
The main international destinations are Nice , Paris , Geneva , Lausanne , Bern , Basel , Zürich , Schaffhausen , Innsbruck , Munich and Vienna .	3
It starred Charlotte Rampling and Michel Serrault .	4
The Omani embassy was closed in 1986 and reopened in 2013 .	4
Super You was published in June 2016 .	3
These were Jonson 's rules for the group .	3
He is married to journalist Ivone Belém .	4
In the 1970s quarrying operations commenced in the area .	6
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	6
A injures B and leaves him lying in the road .	6
They embarked on a US tour from January to February 2013 , supporting Ed Sheeran and Foy Vance .	6
He was the third of four children born to Alexandru and Irina Nasta .	6
" 1974 – 75 Tennis Borussia Berlin season	5
Jaeger joined Veterans Affairs Canada as the National Medical Officer , in 2011 , until her retirement from the military in 2013 .	3
Professor R. Nath , who has examined these records , concludes that Jai Singh had acquired the land of " Rama Janmasthan " in 1717 .	5
After this , Joey asserted that " everyone flipped out and then things changed radically .	4
There were 420 housing units at an average density of 1,145.0 per square mile ( 438.3 / km ) .	6
Wolf remains in the Kirkdale Cave were noted to be scanty when compared with the prominence of cave hyena bones .	7
The village has a population of 20 .	4
He ended his career with Napoli ( 1978 – 85 ) , after seven seasons with the club , collecting 203 appearances in Serie A .	4
The government seized nearly in cash from those arrested .	3
He is famous for the elegance of his prose .	4
The ministry has numerous divisions and subordinate institutions responsible for protected areas .	6
The 2017 Split local elections were held on 21 May and 4 June 2017 for the Mayor of Split and members of the Split city council .	7
The village has a population of 46 .	4
Incumbent Democratic Congressman Sanford Bishop did not face a credible threat to his re-election in this liberal-leaning , southwest Georgia district .	3
It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on a parchment .	3
Six countries participated in the 2014 tournament :	4
She publicly declared herself a feminist in 1972 in an interview with " Le Nouvel Observateur " .	5
The series concluded on May 21 , 2010 with a total of 82 episodes .	5
The policy must be available on the school 's website and posted in every classroom .	5
" Floating melon " being the fifth collaboration , following , Mei Mei , Toto Forever and Desire Street .	3
Bagrat himself joked to Chardin that in Imereti every bishop had nine wives , " not counting those of his neighbors " .	6
" Health Industry Business Communications Council	5
He retained this title throughout his career .	3
The submarine took no damage and apparently did not realize that it had been attacked by carrier aircraft .	5
A gag order meant Winfrey was not allowed to even mention the trial on her show .	6
The recommended English name is " white brain " .	3
The video originally shows her lip syncing to the end of the 3rd verse where she mouths an explicit lyric .	7
The performances were given at the auditorium at San Mateo High School , later known as the San Mateo Performing Arts Center .	7
Tommy and Cynthia spot a tree with initials engraved on it .	6
Hercules destroys his home and leaves with his family to try and avert the prophecy .	6
The teacher was this guy who looked like Ernest Hemingway .	4
The original town of Fonthill is perched on the moraine , although it has spread beyond the hill .	4
The hill houses numerous radio and television tower facilities that serve the local area .	5
Moore said " They say ' How can you do this ?	4
It lies approximately north-east of Lubliniec and north of the regional capital Katowice .	6
In 1987 , he was the assistant coach of the gold medal winning 1987 Olympic Festival women 's basketball team .	7
The idea for the tour came about from a conversation between Conley and Say Anything 's frontman Max Bemis .	7
The official inauguration only occurred in 1942 with the presence of the president of the republic , governors , and ministers .	5
Ever defiant , he held his first major exhibition in five years at the Brownstone Hotel .	3
His main rival Ullrich was happy with this decision , as he thought it would be a better race with Armstrong present .	5
Gareth Edwards played for Wales and the British and Irish Lions during the 1970s and is regarded by many as the greatest player in history .	6
ABC began a nightly newscast in the summer of 1948 , when H. R. Baukhage and Jim Gibbons hosted " News and Views " .	5
This means you will have four electrical cables installed from the electrical switchboard to the location where the light fittings will be installed .	7
Special rites are performed on all " poornima " s ( full moon days ) and " amavasya " s ( new moon days ) .	3
属 屬 , 層 層 , 巻 卷 , 帯 帶 , 広 廣 , 庁 廳 , 応 應 , 帰 歸 , 径 徑 ,	3
Best Project : Work In Progress Lab .	4
For a certain coordinate system , we can choose the vectors tangent to the coordinate grid .	3
For every 100 females , there were 91.0 males .	3
( C ) ( C ) V ( V ) ± { C ( C ) ( C ) V ( V ) } ± C	3
Many Afrocentrists seek to challenge concepts such as white privilege , color-blind perspectives , and race-neutral pedagogies .	6
Among other things , he constructed 24 Nyboder two-storey houses from 1754 to 1756 .	4
After his capture by the Japanese he became a major in the INA , and , later , a committed Pakistani nationalist .	4
The principal among those is Russian Society of Appraisers , established in 1993 and presently exercising oversight over about half of the valuation profession membership .	7
Following a period of confusion , the kingdom got itself the last set of kings , the Tungkhungia kings , established by Gadadhar Singha .	4
Musée d ’ Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris , Paris	7
Berengaria can also be seen as a " medieval League of Nations " when negotiations between Saladin and Richard I occur at the end of the movie .	7
That makes it impossible for prosecutors to present a winnable case and prove that any crime has been committed .	5
[ [ File : Sasha Cohen 2009 SOI Halifax Spiral.jpg | thumb | right | [ [ Sasha Cohen ] ] ] ]	3
9 on the Top Gospel Albums chart .	5
The Water Board is at present focused in the expansion of the service area to provide quality water service to the nearby barangays .	5
While there was no mention of Babur in this account , the Ayodhya mosque had been juxtaposed with those built by Aurangzeb at Mathura and Banaras .	6
Dergan has the distinction of being the first real person ever to be awarded the status of Bond Girl .	7
Chapmanville is located in northern Logan County at ( 37.971615 , -82.020017 ) .	3
The magnetic susceptibility of a compound is the sum of the paramagnetic susceptibility associated with the unpaired electrons and the opposing diamagnetic susceptibility associated with electron pairs .	7
The novel was well received by Booklist Review and School Library Journal .	4
Stein , seemingly ironically , proclaimed that Hitler merited the Nobel Peace Prize .	5
Lawyer and PTI member Hamid Khan is also a relative .	5
Inclusivity , evolution , acceptance , intersectionality , organizational values and career advancement lead to proud cops and growing acceptance .	3
Series listed here were announced by their respective networks as scheduled to premiere in 2010 .	5
The grounds are in Hayden Meadows near the Columbia River and are above sea-level .	3
The leaves are long and wide , and are thick , firm , dark green , shining above , and paler green below when full grown .	3
Managing energy can require a system of systems approach .	4
February , March , and November are transitional months , during which significant rainfall may occur in some years , while in other years little rain falls .	4
At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .	4
In September 2000 a takeover bid from McCafferty 's for Greyhound was accepted .	5
It is primarily a federation of national and transnational organizations .	5
The Senoussiya is identified with Libya , where its influence is substantial .	5
The syntax of the WHILE / REPEAT / END block is :	7
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 103.5 males .	5
Through prolonged participation in a club it 's possible to become the club 's leader and also to create related career opportunities for the future .	7
They were George Duffy , John Fischer , William Davis , Robert Hill , Donald Nichols , and William Oliver .	3
Lord Blackwell has published the following public policy pamphlets :	4
At the end of the course the postings were announced .	6
As an amateur , Elósegui would win a bronze medal at the 2002 World Amateur Championship in Malaysia .	3
Contemporary Indigenous art of the western desert began when Indigenous men at Papunya began painting in 1971 , assisted by teacher Geoffrey Bardon .	6
Born in Collinsville , Illinois , Tony Malinosky attended Whittier College , where he played baseball and was a classmate of future US President Richard Nixon .	6
Its collection includes paintings , photographs , musical instruments and handicrafts .	4
The head and thorax are whitish ochreous , sprinkled with brownish .	4
Four singles were released , " I Hate You Now ... " , " Somebody 's Mother " , " Boy " , and " Flower " .	3
According to the fictional " Macross " continuity , Misa Hayase is an American of Japanese ancestry .	3
Zhao stated , " They 're very green and new .	4
Legend says he was given Brahminhood by Venkateshwara himself alongside Brahma , the god of creation .	6
Several other foods are called " steak " without actually being steaks :	3
Senior Lebanese officials also linked the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Shebaa to Hezbollah ’ s disarmament .	4
According to " Salam " , Executives of Construction and Imam 's Line Groups won shared 120 parliamentary seats .	7
LSU eventually drove to the Florida 16-yard line , and set up for a tiebreaking 33-yard field goal attempt .	7
Some species may have kept eggs or larvae in a brood pouch forward of the glabella , particularly when the ecological niche was challenging to larvae .	4
It has a longer version of " Slowburn " ( 5 : 16 instead of 4 : 36 ) with the song 's introduction intact .	6
Am uses a Granblue deck .	3
The larvae feed on " Vaccinium " , " Salix " , " Betula alleghaniensis " , " Sambucus " and " Fragaria " .	3
Six-wheeled locomotives were limited to six tons , four-wheeled locomotives to four and a half tons .	6
10.5 % of all households were made up of individuals and 4.5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
He spent two years in the North American Soccer League .	5
Comrades ( German : Kameraden ) is a 1921 German silent film directed by Curt Courant and starring Elsa Wagner , Max Gülstorff and Ernst Matray .	7
There are certain records other than batting , bowling or fielding .	5
His brothers were : John Rowswell of Bradford on Tone ; Reverend Adam Rowswell ; and William Rosewell ( Rowswell ) of Dunkerton , Somerset .	3
The racial makeup of the town was 98.3 % White , 0.1 % African American , and 1.6 % from two or more races .	4
They make up and even get married secretly without informing Rupa ’ s mother .	6
degree in Computer Science from MIT in 1986 and his Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford in 1992 .	3
That role was followed by Eric Bogosian 's " subUrbia . "	4
The organisation conducts ecological monitoring within the Bacalar Chico Marine Reserve in order to advise the Belize Fisheries Department on management effectiveness .	7
WHKY produces a two-hour weekday morning Talk Show called First Talk hosted by Hal Row and SportsTalk with Jason Savage on Thursday nights .	7
In Brazil , he is also considered to be the person who popularised the use of gloves by goalkeepers .	6
The Northern German championship however was determined after the German championship had started and its winner , Eintracht Braunschweig , was unable to participate .	5
Rudziska Pasymskie ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Later instruments , installed after HST 's initial deployment , were designed with their own corrective optics .	6
They offer training for any NGOs or government wishing to embrace the AHEAD approach .	7
Following its inception in 2004 , no one was awarded in 2005 and 2007 .	4
The Sahaba Sa`d ibn Abi Waqqas said :	6
However , the initial excitement quickly wore off .	3
Kath now works out of her own production company Scarlett Pictures .	5
Defrauaudais ) & " Faucon " ; a corvette , " Amarante " ; and a little reconnaissance vessel , the " Faucon " .	3
Valdivieso made his first Peruvian team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .	4
The rust then turns to black-blue FeO .	3
The one which expresses in the F1 generation is called Dominant .	5
Seddon was , on occasion , considered part of neighbouring Footscray .	4
In the film , Hawkeye is married with children , but in the TV series he is a bachelor and something of a ladies ' man .	5
In 2015 , the company announced its intention to rebrand to Cleanaway Waste Management Ltd in September 2015 .	5
Vigeland composed " Five Pieces " specifically for Chai .	3
Shotivat Tivsuwan ( ; born ) is a retired Thai male volleyball player .	3
FC Nürnberg and SpVgg Fürth .	3
He remains secretary to the executive committee of the Semantics of Ancient Hebrew Database project .	7
In 2012 the club formed a Football Academy for boys & girls aged 5 to 8 years .	4
The population was 3,076 at the 2010 census .	3
The vrock appears in the " Monster Manual " for this edition ( 2008 ) , again under the demon entry .	3
The Casio CFX-9850G was introduced in 1996 .	3
As of the census of 2010 , there were 997 people , 400 households , and 279 families residing in the town .	6
Nelson was given the role of coxswain of Lutwidge 's gig .	6
Stops are designed to minimize the gap between bus and curb .	6
" Air Travel & Charter Flight Handbook " ( 1973 )	5
The barrier is a crooked gravity dam made of concrete with rubble stone cladding .	6
Recently , Reasor 's has begun the service of allowing customers to shop for groceries online ( begun at its Tahlequah store ) .	7
DMK victories had been assured by the purchase of votes with money and gifts .	6
Throughout August , Eva Marie began faking multiple unfortunate events in order to avoid in-ring competition .	5
The original baseball grandstands were built in 1954 , at a cost of $ 184,000 , and located in the southwest corner of the complex .	5
Mechanisms to control flow without using mechanical parts are always desired for reliability and lifetime .	7
As a Russian open joint stock company , shares in OMZ may be publicly traded subject to terms of constitutive documents and merger agreements .	5
Testing for the ride began around the 8 June 2011 with media and special invited guests being able to ride " Takabisha " one month later .	6
On a floodplain , the well and the museum are protected by an earthen dike .	3
Rather left the anchor position amidst controversy and a credibility crisis over reports broadcast in the heat of the 2004 presidential election campaign .	7
The population was 349 at the 2010 census .	3
The only time he forgot it was the night of the accident .	4
The first generation of iPod was released October 23 , 2001 .	4
In May 2010 , Zuckerberg issued a public apology over discrepancies in the privacy settings in " The Washington Post " via an Op-Ed article .	3
Their name means " One who has dugout canoes " .	5
... is symbolic not only of the Japanese American experience , but of the extrication of anyone from deeply painful and restrictive circumstances .	7
The fruit can be found , in small quantities , during the fall and winter months in the United States , India and Japan .	4
Easdale said Julie was forced to make an impact in a male dominated environment , which she admired .	7
In the lower Diyala Valley near Baghdad the river is controlled by the Diyala Weir which controls floods and irrigates the area northeast of Baghdad .	7
He enjoys playing video games and foosball .	5
The demographic breakdown of the 859 students enrolled in 2015-2016 was :	6
Stucan ended up the title of Miss Fire 2001 , equivalent to third runner-up .	4
In December 2005 , Trina appeared on the soundtrack of the film " Boss 'n Up " with Snoop Dogg and Lil Jon .	6
V. On 26 September 1850 , a " severe gale " at threw the " Laura " on her beam-ends , and she lost cargo .	3
Markham chronicled her many adventures in her memoir , " West with the Night " , published in 1942 .	4
Note : Scores marked by are results awarded by FIFA .	7
In addition , the Nigerian maritime University will be taking off in Okerenkoko .	3
The 2010 Chicago Cubs season was the 139th season of the Chicago Cubs franchise , the 135th in the National League and the 95th at Wrigley Field .	5
The Cahitan languages is a branch of the Uto-Aztecan language family that comprises the Yaqui and the Mayo languages , both of Northern Mexico .	7
John Campbell-Mac has been working consistently as an actor since 1995 in many leading and supporting roles .	3
The cup final replay was on 25 May , again in the Wankdorf Stadion , against the then Nationalliga champions Grasshoppers .	3
The magazine appeared quarterly , priced 1 / 6 .	6
John de Acton was from Iron Acton in Gloucestershire , which was a manor ( now also a village ) that he already held .	3
2010 - Moscow International Film Festival	4
On 7 September 1952 , while still at university , he was commissioned into the Staffordshire Yeomanry as a second lieutenant .	3
It lies approximately west of Purda and south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
He spearheaded " Operation Endgame " in Sulu under Operation Enduring Freedom that eventually led to the killing of Abu Sayyaf leader Abu Sabaya in June 2002 .	7
Playback singers are T. M. Soundararajan , S. C. Krishnan , S. V. Ponnusamy , R. Balasaraswathi Devi , K. Rani & Udutha Sarojini .	3
After about eight years , Barnabas retrieved him from Tarsus to help with the work in Syrian Antioch ( ) .	5
In 2007 , American open wheel racing returned to the venue , when the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series held an event .	5
The population was regularly cut off from the outside world .	3
He used the Collatz – Wielandt formula described above to extend and clarify Frobenius 's work .	7
The wildlife sanctuary consists of a core area and a buffer area .	3
Brayton played the female lead character , Zahrat-al-Kulub .	3
Services run at intervals from approximately every 15 minutes ( during the day ) to every 30 minutes ( in the evening and on Sundays ) .	3
Mining and industrial fishing are prohibited .	5
Eustachy also received the Henry Iba Award .	4
There are currently seven newspapers in circulation in Qatar , four published in Arabic and three in English .	6
The Colombian government develops vaccination campaigns against yellow fever on a regular basis .	3
Coach Edwards served as an assistant coach in the Riverside Community College track and field program .	6
The Ryton draws its water from the Anston Brook , the Pudding Dyke , the Bondhay Dyke , and to a lesser extent the Broadbridge Dyke .	4
The First Doctor 's dialogue " You may be " a " doctor , but I am " the " Doctor .	3
There is also a group of individuals that have developed their telepathic and other powers for good and live in secrecy on Mount Shasta .	6
Also , viewthroughs lack a specific predetermined landing page since the visit can come through a direct type-in or via another click-based digital marketing channel , e.g .	5
Evason first played for Canada at the 1984 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships while in the midst of a terrific campaign for the Kamloops Junior Oilers .	6
Writopia also runs writing workshops for children who reside at Homes for the Homeless " inns . "	6
Ramirez played for the Olympic Development Program ( ODP ) and earned the Golden Boot award at the nationals in 2008 after the squad won the tournament .	5
He performed in " Loot " and " Singing Forest " for the regional theater Intiman in Seattle .	5
Paul reiterated that the U.S. needs to reassess who it is giving financial and military assistance to .	7
However , Modigliani officially recognized her daughter as his child .	3
Originally from Esperance , Western Australia , he now resides in Perth .	5
He is very brave and valiant and always is there to help his friends , no matter what the situation .	5
As a result , the Ministry of Housing decided to populate the previously Arab houses with olim from North African countries .	6
Canutus and Ironside leave to go celebrate .	4
Heintz was incarcerated at Bredtveit from 15 October to 22 November , then at Berg until 8 December , then at Grini until 24 December 1944 .	3
Some other dialects of Lisp , like Emacs Lisp , still use dynamic scoping by default .	4
Immediately after the blasts , the Mumbai Police sent an SMS to a few mobile phone users in Mumbai reading ,	4
From 1830 there had been a series of incremental improvements to the basic Roberts Loom .	3
Buckingham was a favourite of both James I and Charles I .	6
FC Schalke 04 entered the final as heavy favourites , having won the national championship in the previous season .	4
This film has been released on DVD in the Warner Archive Collection ( individual DVDs ) , but is now only available online .	3
Auburn assistant Coach Harris Adler is the current President of the association .	5
The majority of Chaplino Yupik speakers live in the villages of Novoye Chaplino and Sireniki , on the coasts of the Chukchi Peninsula .	5
Most of his excavations have been backfilled .	4
Scratchy hesitates as he could develop health problems and Itchy claims he could have millions of dollars .	7
where k is the wave vector ( where the wave number ) , is the angular frequency , and is the reduced Planck constant .	3
Members of the Mackay and Hunt families were also members .	6
Occasionally , the " k " is shown in upper case , as in " 100 Kyr " ; this is an incorrect usage .	3
Italianization aimed to suppress the native non-Italian populations living in Italy .	7
The Carroll Building is an excellent example of both Romanesque-style of architecture that is also the best surviving example of commercial Romanesque Revival architecture in Norwich .	6
The system was designed by T-Platforms , and used Xeon 2.93 GHz processors , Nvidia 2070 GPUs , and an Infiniband interconnect .	4
These clades separated about 700 years ago .	5
They had one child , a girl named Jawana Virginia Jackson .	7
Pocono Raceway named its press box The Chris Economaki Press Box .	6
Today , industrial research accounts for about 50 % of all research spending in Canada .	7
It airs an adult contemporary music format .	5
If the lizard is captured or confronted , its first reaction will be to change its color from bright green to brown or black , indicating stress .	5
O 'Neil led the league in batting average , Brown in home runs , Johnson in wins , and Paige in total run average .	3
The mastaba is 99.6 metres long and 74.4 metres wide .	5
It lies approximately north-east of Ostróda and west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
In 2010 , Gambee was inducted into the Pac-10 Basketball Hall of Honor .	4
Mastered by Nilesh Patel at The Exchange , London .	3
Carlos Arias Navarro had the support of the Franco family , most notably Carmen Polo , and retained the post during the transition to democracy .	5
70.7 % of people living in Hollywell were born in Australia .	6
Upon its completion in 1943 it was the first sports building in Mexico to have built in Air Conditioning .	4
Less than a month after the wall was breached the East German Politburo had resigned .	5
By 1936 , Germany displaced Great Britain , and became the second-largest trading partner of Mexico after the United States .	5
Google used a similar extension with embedded color bitmap images contained within a pair of tables , the CBDT and CBLC tables .	6
1st Biennial ( 2010 ) / 2nd Biennial ( 2012 ) / 3rd Biennial ( 2014 ) / 4th Biennial ( 2016 )	3
Fontaine de l 'Allégorie de la Liberté , Place Léon-Léon Blum , 1983 , Fonquernie , architect , Marcello Tommasi , sculptor .	3
The amended Clause 4 was adopted by the Lok Sabha , and later by the Rajya Sabha .	3
The film stars Gene Autry , Gail Davis , Robert Armstrong , Dick Jones , Frankie Darro and Irving Bacon .	3
He moved to Washington D.C. in 1860 to again practice law .	3
Doliops transverselineata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	3
He officially retired on 24 November 1925 , died at his home at Upham in Hampshire on 5 June 1929 and was buried at Brookwood Cemetery .	4
All the awardees are awarded with ' Silver Lotus Award ( Rajat Kamal ) ' , a certificate and cash prize .	4
USAF units based at Qui Nhơn included :	5
The scarf may be worn on a daily basis .	3
Its LED accents applied to a dark form suggesting a large motorcycle helmet were inspired by consumer electronics .	7
Notably Murray became a Scotland internationalist and played for the British and Irish Lions ; and Iain Monaghan became a development coach at Glasgow Warriors .	7
The Sundance Channel premiered on February 29 , 1996 .	3
It also built the " Argonaut " , a submarine designed by Simon Lake .	6
Instead of putting it by his door as a traditional blessing , Davis wore it around his neck for good luck .	4
He also raised the Apostolic Exarchate of Miskolc to the status of an Eparchy , to be headed by Bishop Atanáz Orosz .	4
On 10 May 2018 , " The Independent " reported fresh allegations of home buyers being offered cash for positive feedback .	4
The village has a population of 50 .	4
He said it was " A universally applicable evocation of male adolescence and of the gifts that music brings . "	5
Under communist rule , Armenians started to leave the country , and Nicolae Ceaușescu 's regime eventually closed all Armenian schools .	5
The website also kept track of the accumulation of national party convention delegates .	6
English , the primary medium of higher education in India , remains inaccessible to even the literate majority of the country .	6
The oldest continuously operating steakhouse in the United States is the Old Homestead Steakhouse in New York City , established in 1868 .	4
In 2013 , " Complex " ranked " Pull Over " # 27 in their Top 50 Best Rap Songs by Women .	4
" New York Film Critics Online Awards 2006	6
Paralleled with this , was the mass expansion of Higher Education , Further Education and comprehensive schools .	4
supporting and developing local and international business .	6
He also founded Gandhi Vidya Mandir Sardarshahar .	5
The village has a population of 94 .	4
The award , which was originally referred to as the Materials Chemistry Forum Lifetime Award , was set up in 2008 .	6
In 2015 , the band released the single " Change for Love " along with an EP , " With You Without You " .	3
Aromashodu has also been a member of the Indianapolis Colts , Houston Texans , Washington Redskins , Minnesota Vikings and Chicago Bears .	3
" , " Talk to Me " , " Shandi " and for a short time , " You 're All That I Want " .	3
It lies approximately north-west of Biskupiec and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Jesper Baehrenz ( born September 8 , 1965 ) is a Danish radio host , television host , producer , board game developer and screenwriter .	5
On September 15 , 2016 , Bledsoe was cleared for his first five-on-five scrimmage play .	4
Gravitaxis is a form of taxis characterized by the directional movement of an organism in response to gravity .	7
" Central European Australian Football League Championships	6
The minesweeper stopped at Eniwetok for fuel and provisions from 3 to 5 February 1945 , before continuing on to the Marianas .	7
( seen in the episode " Chutki 's Wish " ) .	5
The only Catholic Church in the town is the Saint James the Apostle Parish Church which was first built in 1646 .	4
Final – 3 October 17 : 00h	3
In 68 BC , the consul Quintus Marcius Rex was assigned Cilicia .	3
Redford is opposed to the TransCanada Corporation 's Keystone Pipeline .	4
Labor leaders were encouraged to support the NIRA instead of the Black-Connery Thirty-Hour Bill with a guarantee of union organization and collective bargaining .	5
Theseus believed her and cursed Hippolytus with one of the three curses he had received from Poseidon .	7
The supporting cast features Vidhyadhar Joshi , Prasad Pandit , Swapnil Rajshekhar , Vighnesh Joshi , Shekhar Phadke , Shriram Kolhatkar and Arun Bhadsavle .	3
To differentiate themselves , the traditional colors were inverted and were " Red & Green " ( ) .	3
The tournament was notable for Durham ( then a minor county ) defeating Yorkshire .	3
" Stonestreet : Who Killed the Centerfold Model ?	4
" UC Davis California Aggie Marching Band-uh !	6
The beats were slower and mellower , samples from late 1970s and early 1980s funk music .	4
It was built on land purchased from the Charles Town Horse Show Association .	5
The family seats are Hatfield House and Cranborne Manor .	3
Kate returns in time for the DHS meeting and she and Sophie admit they do not want to live together anymore .	5
Descriptions of what is believed to be leprosy are included .	5
It was not until 1870 , though , that a sufficient number of Congregationalists responded to a related call to organize nationally .	7
The album was certified Gold by the ARIA Awards and won the ARIA Award for Best Independent Release .	4
The abbesses were the noble widows Sofia Emerentia Gyllenborg ( in 1783-83 ) and Hedvig Christina Creutz ( in 1783-96 ) .	3
There are a city ( Agsu city ) , 78 villages .	4
Homonuclear diatomic MOs contain equal contributions from each atomic orbital in the basis set .	3
Users were offered the ability to export data and migrate accounts .	7
Therefore Prince Bishop Johann Philipp von Schönborn founded the brewery .	7
The indictment alleged that the company defrauded consumers and banks of US $ 100 million .	7
Pyramidelloides is a genus of minute , ectoparasitic sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Eulimidae .	3
It also airs a selection of Canadian films and series to satisfy Canadian content requirements .	7
He competed in the 50 m pistol event at the 1936 Summer Olympics .	5
An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector .	7
With the new Congress , Obama renominated her to the post on February 5 , 2015 .	3
Fox aimed to have a regular circulation of 200,000 .	5
The Sony Xperia XA was launched in India on June 27 , 2016 with	3
He has a sibling Kathy , who is a Catholic nun : he impishly refers to her as " my sister the Sister " .	5
presumably because of incriminating statements made by her husband , who denounced her .	5
Thornhill was a delegate to the state Republican conventions in 1991 and 1995 .	5
In 1952 the tournament expanded with the introduction of a team from Tasmania .	6
Thailand maintains three diplomatic posts in India : in Mumbai , in New Delhi , and in Calcutta .	3
Modern versions allow nested lexical scoping .	3
The Luoxiao Mountains ( ) are a system of mountain ranges in the People 's Republic of China that straddle Jiangxi , Hubei , and Hunan provinces .	4
When EU treaties are negotiated , it is difficult to get all governments to agree on a clear set of laws .	6
He became proficient in the Algonquin and Iroquois languages .	6
" World News Tonight " was the most watched network evening newscast for the week of March 30 , 2015 .	4
They were assigned the mission station called Kaluaaha on the eastern end of the island of Molokai .	7
Salomon Hurwitz could not afford to send his son to university , but his friend , Mr Edwards , agreed to help out financially .	4
Rapid services of several types of stops , with no surcharge , are also provided .	5
According to the 1998 census it has a population of 13,696 .	4
He received a knighthood in the 1991 Birthday Honours for " mathematical excellence and service to British mathematics and mathematics education " .	6
Maxillary and premaxillary teeth are present .	5
However , RDAs allow relief for R & D capital expenditure as a capital allowance .	7
In 1298 he received the custody of the castle of Issoudun .	5
Programs and frequently accessed data run in RAM , while most storage is in the flash memory .	4
And anyone who says they won 't is not telling the truth to the American people . "	7
However , while this is true , this is also how the proverbial " math works " for all the other modern Presidents as well .	3
The work dragged on for 16 years , during which 70 sailors perished in the Great Blizzard of 1888.The breakwater closure was finally completed in 1898 .	7
The environments resemble a combination of futuristic and old-fashioned aesthetics .	6
" Richland County School District Two	5
Bold again meets the crow , who suggests that he scavenge for food in a nearby town .	6
" Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0	5
Built in 1915 , the building was the first and only town building constructed in Kirby , which incorporated the same year .	7
The waterway was covered by roads for many decades , but has recently been opened up again .	3
Huañacagua lies northwest of Chuañuma and southwest of Aceruta .	6
She has a son named Ivan S. Pugh ( born September 16 , 1969 ) .	7
He was married to judge Sandra Arroyo Salgado , with whom he had two daughters .	5
It is the last video Pun would take part in before his death on February 7 , 2000 .	3
" Uvaacha Madhuraam Vaaneem Tushta-Aham Tava Sarvadaa "	6
There are four former UNC players who played for MLL teams in the 2012 season .	5
A tributary of Rennie 's River , this brook originates 3 kilometers north of The Suncor Energy Fluvarium , at Three Pond Barrens .	5
که همواره بیدار و شبخیز بود	6
There are various methods to detect and observe GPCR oligomers .	6
It lists 146 men from the parish and includes the two sons of the famous detective Frederick Porter Wensley who lived in Powys Lane .	7
Upon finding Spider-Man , the Kangaroo battled the web-slinger , who had underestimated his previously underpowered enemy .	6
Austria , Belgium , Bulgaria , Canada , Hungary , Italy , Lithuania , Poland , Romania , San Marino , Slovenia , Switzerland , Turkey and Ukraine	3
The 1920 German football championship , the 13th edition of the competition , was won by 1 .	5
They only come in pure white .	3
All compositions by Johnny " Hammond " Smith except where noted	4
In the USA , 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores : Verbal 496 , Math 514 , Writing 488 .	4
Under new player-manager Percy Mackrill , Torquay made a hesitant start to their Southern League campaign and were without a win in their first six matches .	5
The albums are remastered for the box set , and include bonus tracks such as alternate versions and outtakes from the album recording sessions .	6
By contrast , the following gallery section is only wide , and its height varies between .	3
It was first broadcast on January 25 , 1988 , in the United States in broadcast syndication .	3
For the first ten years , John Frederick shared the rule ( but not the Electoral dignity ) with John Ernest .	3
People who were once friends became enemies .	4
Baca started both quarterfinal matches against América , both of which ended as goalless draws as América advanced due to their better placing in the regular season .	5
The tree can still be found in the Netherlands , notably in The Hague , and Heiloo , and in the UK at Brighton .	4
It is the actual music from the movie separated into tracks and without all the dialogue .	4
Both Lisa and Robert struggled to work with their partners , with Robert and Karl constantly bickering throughout the challenge .	4
She enjoys teasing Vayne and his friends .	5
He scored 9 goals for his country .	4
Pacchioni was born in Reggio Emilia , where he later attended university .	4
The inner spectroscopic binary consists of two F-type stars , a subgiant and a main-sequence star .	3
In late 2012 , Bishop appeared on BBC genealogy series " Who Do You Think You Are ? "	4
MS patients have lower levels of circulating type I interferon compared to patients with other autoimmune diseases .	6
It lies about southeast of the town of Melksham .	5
Along with Pam Beesly , Karen is often objectified by several men in the Scranton Branch .	3
His career took a significant turn in these years .	3
The genus name is a combination of the Greek word " pseudo " , meaning " false " , and the genus name " Trimezia " .	4
1 on their list of " 100 Greatest CDs " .	5
However , the exact percentage of those performing short-term tasks or projects via these platforms was not effectively measured as of 2015 by government sources .	7
He became a first time world champion at the XXIXth World Armwrestling Championships held in Veliko Tarnovo , Bulgaria in October 2007 .	7
Teams in bold are part of the 2018 season .	4
The wingspan is about 70 mm .	3
The consists of the members of six German youth book clubs .	6
A total of 24 countries have qualified athletes .	4
An adjoining salon , where " grand receptions are given , " displayed " portraits of all the great men of Haiti " .	5
Palouse is located at ( 46.909996 , -117.075259 ) .	3
It is the second-tallest building in the city , the eighth-tallest on the West Coast of the United States , and the 74th-tallest in the United States .	5
Like the other Canadian chartered banks , it issued its own banknotes .	3
She is the eldest child of General ( Ret . )	3
Gendreau 's winning kick earned him the nickname , " Ice " .	4
Zetlin placed fourth all-around at 2008 Nationals in Houston , Texas , where she earned third-place finishes in rope , clubs , and ribbon .	5
The rebels , under Lieutenant Bennett H. Young , robbed two banks and killed or wounded three civilians .	5
There are several rare species of insects .	4
Pine River Pond is a lake located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire , United States , in the town of Wakefield .	4
Kirishima used " tsuri-dashi " 29 times in the 15-year period from January 1990 , more than any other wrestler .	3
Only moves featuring at least one Danish Superliga club are listed .	7
He was evicted on Day 78 with 59 % .	3
are available for the public here .	3
At a slight height above the sea surface , another type of maple forms the thick woods with the peanut butter .	5
Of the 265 troops from this unit engaged at Gettysburg , more than twenty-five percent were disabled .	5
In 2016 , Dunkleman would backtrack and say that the mutual decision to part ways was not a mistake on his part .	6
Ultimately he released a selection of his best recordings on iTunes and Spotify without a label in October 2015	6
France offered to rebuild the presidential palace , but in April 2010 , the Haitian government announced plans to demolish the palace in preparation for reconstruction .	7
Captain William Trent was in command of the company .	3
His sleep is restless and strange dreams of ritual sacrifice disturb him .	5
Djurgårdens IF , IF Göta , IFK Strängnäs , IFK Uppsala , IK Göta , Nässjö IF , and Örebro SK and finished 7th .	3
A scheme for the improvement of the port of Shanghai was also prepared by him , working in coöperation with other engineers of international reputation .	6
During 2007 Genesis played at Twickenham during their .	3
This was an event held to raise funds for the Gunnar Nilsson Cancer Fund .	7
It lies approximately south-east of Ostróda and south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
František Winkler was born in 1884 in Přerov , near Olomouc , in the heart of Moravia , Austro-Hungarian Empire .	5
The vineyard received its current name , which means " task " , when the de Croonembourg family bought it from the Abbey Saint-Vivant in 1631 .	6
According to one opinion , he was a son of his predecessor Maʻilikākahi ( and his consort , Kanepukoa ?	3
Kate pleads with her father to give Jim a job at the property , and he finally relents , saying that Jim can help break the horses .	7
It is a tertiary referral centre for medical gastroenterology , surgical gastroenterology , neurosurgery , plastic surgery , advanced orthopaedic surgery and advanced intensive care .	3
He is said to be in France with a woman he met several weeks ago .	7
He published the report in 1931 .	3
A short distance to the west of Viby was the village of Dåstrup .	5
from Emory University and an M.A .	3
The pumps are on the same shaft as the Pelton turbines and send water from the lower to the upper reservoir to serve as stored energy .	7
They were " in [ Murrow 's ] own image , sartorially impeccable , literate , often liberal , and prima donnas all " .	3
1 on local radio station CKDU-FM just three days after its release .	4
about human beings having to deal with very morally conflicted situations .	7
This was followed by the " Corona " with a loudspeaker .	3
Crisp was also responsible for building Brandenburgh House in Fulham Palace Road .	4
Another side effect is that drawing a pixel required dividing by seven .	7
She lost the fight due to a catastrophic knee injury at the end of the first round .	4
Daniella was raised in Mississauga , a suburb of Toronto .	5
Lake County is Gore 's best performance , winning with over 60 % .	5
The battalion commands and controls the 116th MP Company , the 287th MP Company , the 300th MP Company , and the 977th MP Company .	3
The survivors were rescued two days later .	4
In 1955 , shortly after his divorce from his first wife , Evinrude married Frances Langford and moved to her estate in Jensen Beach , Florida .	4
Nārad returns to his abode chanting the praises of Ram .	6
The population was 613 at the 2010 census .	3
Hazel Hen is based on Cray XC40 technology and was ranked the 8th fastest system of the world in the November 2015 TOP500 List .	7
Voters chose six representatives , or electors to the Electoral College , who voted for president and vice president .	7
In the race at Istanbul , Yoong set the fastest lap 90 minutes into the race and retired after the starter motor failed during a pit stop .	5
Outdoor education and global engagement are critical components of the curriculum .	4
Over-grazing of sheep has induced soil compaction , which has resulted in increased flooding of the lowland areas .	6
Buddenbrock was born on 15 March 1672 to Elisabeth Sophia von Rappe and Johann von Buddenbrock in Tilsemischken near Ragnit in the Duchy of Prussia .	4
The corkscrew vine , " Cochliasanthus caracalla " , has highly fragrant , multicolored , corkscrew or spiral shaped flowers and is not an invasive plant .	3
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate	6
With these rivers , water supply , allocation , control , and use are of great consequence to survival , quality of life , and economic success .	4
" Snooker world ranking points 2006 / 2007	6
In front of the palace stood the marble tomb of President Pétion and one of his daughters .	5
Alagappa University , Madurai-Kamaraj-University , Central Electrochemical Research Institute in Karaikudi , Tamil Nadu – India ) .	4
Wakefield continues to make his living through his poetry and performance .	7
Establishment of the village of Galebadin of Aghjabedi dates back to the first half of the 19th century .	6
It is the first Firefox branded browser not to use the Gecko layout engine as is used in Firefox for desktop and mobile .	7
A movable weight allowed adjustment of the model 's centre of gravity .	6
Reaching the city news of War between USA and Mexico emerged .	7
Krupoliny ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Bramante remained its chief architect until his death in 1514 .	3
Let us evaluate the right hand side :	5
He was promoted Acting lieutenant general on assuming the role .	7
There are many types of turns , which are differentiated by a number of factors .	7
It showed two rock formations that Canadian explorer Jim Turner claimed were badly degraded Mayan statues .	7
He ordered his last 18 squadrons , still waiting at the Janus , into the fray .	4
Each level above has a casement window , and the roof has a large curved parapet , higher than the adjacent parapet .	6
His position on the field was forward .	4
Standard Season 10 Guests : Vasko Stamevski , Oliver Andonov , Vladimir Bozinovski , Nikola Srbov , Ljubco Zlatev , Boban Nonkovic , Toni Mihajlovski ,	3
A jet ski and its trailer were also shown alongside the Marinetta at the show stand .	4
This includes advising the president on matters of health , welfare , and income security programs .	7
As critic Donald Gibson stated in " The Red Badge of Courage : Redefining the Hero " , " the novel undercuts itself .	5
In 1863 , he was appointed Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals and Secretary of the Roman Curia .	6
He died the following year on 23 May 1798 .	3
Among his notable pupils were Eduard Bitterlich , August Eisenmenger , Joseph Matthäus Aigner , Károly Lotz , Christian Griepenkerl , Gustav Gaul , and Mór Than .	3
Young Franklin lapses into a coma-like unconsciousness , and adult Franklin disappears .	3
It also had a major impact on Jewish art and literature .	4
Allal has escaped four times , in October 2000 , in December 2000 , in August 2004 and in October 2007 .	3
During his career , Hogan had also been tenor soloist with the Washington National Cathedral ( Episcopal ) in Washington , DC .	3
program is 180 , 30 seats for each departments .	4
Dhaka Dynamites was formed in 2009 as one of the participating teams in the National Cricket League Twenty20 .	7
found that as high as 11 % of cattle in Rwanda suffered from this affliction .	7
In 1987 she went freelance and joined Afrapix – a photographic collective documenting social issues and the anti-apartheid struggle .	7
After rehabilitation , he resumes his position as " Swampboy " .	3
It also retained its title throughout its existence until 1947 , when it was disbanded .	3
Past speakers include Charles Stanley , Greg Laurie , Luis Palau , Tony Campolo , Frank Peretti , Miles McPherson , Ron Luce , and Louie Giglio .	4
As of the census of 2010 , there were 998 people , 429 households , and 291 families residing in the city .	6
Her first marriage was politically motivated , she was forced at age 17 to marry her Roman Catholic half brother .	7
According to Goldenson , this meant that an hour of ABC programming reported five times lower viewership than its competitors .	6
Another example found by Jategaonkar showing the distinction can be found in	7
Currently he coaches at the Arizona soccer club SC del Sol .	7
A stopping place for stages and teams of the Comstock , it became a relay station of the Central Overland Pony Express .	6
He also took an undergraduate degree in Russian language in 1978 .	3
It is located in Thavanampalle mandal .	3
Since Alaska , Hawaii , and Utah do not have a secretary of State , the lieutenant governor performs the duties generally granted to that office .	5
The Rubbles move out , despite having nowhere to live .	4
Part one addresses the claim that God made a promise Abraham that his descendants would become many nations .	7
Daniel Keller , both within Croke 's archdiocese , were imprisoned .	5
Urszula had a great influence on the King and Queen .	5
According to the Macon newspaper , he was rated as the top driver on the Strictly Stock circuit in the southeast and in his homestate , Georgia .	3
The B200 has a displacement of , includes standard electric starting and capacitor discharge ignition .	7
This would help to secure the land for nature conservation activities and showed the importance in conserving and fostering part of the national ecological network .	7
Pinharanda , Joao John Beard - Solo Exhibition - Galeria Luis Serpa , Lisbon , Portugal , Publico , Review , 21 January 1995 .	3
Eastern poetics developed primarily with reference to the lyric , as opposed to the mimetic .	4
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by expanding agricultural activities .	6
The first post office in this area was " Upper Squaw Creek " , established in September 1875 , by Carroll Baird .	4
Topping the list were Sara Paretsky , Agatha Christie , Val McDermid , Dorothy Sayers , Elizabeth George , and Enid Blyton .	3
In Europe , nerve conduction studies and electromyography training may be part of neurology , physical medicine and rehabilitation , or clinical neurophysiology training .	5
On 7 January 1941 , " Defender " escorted Convoy MW.5 with her sister and the anti-aircraft cruiser from Alexandria to Malta during Operation Excess .	4
After the 1954 agreement , 5 more agreements were signed every five years , in 1960 , 1965 , 1970 , 1975 , and 1980 .	3
For Hertha BSC it marked the third consecutive final loss , a series the club would extend to four in the following season .	6
Following the war , the Egyptians organized the surviving MiG-19 aircraft and assigned them air defense tasks of Egypt 's interior .	6
He was expected to lead Anwar 's defence team for the second sodomy trial , but stepped aside due to ill health .	5
Under the Judaea Province , a Jewish town was situated at this spot .	3
Friedman once said , " If you want to see capitalism in action , go to Hong Kong . "	6
Li began learning to skate in 2004 .	5
In 2014 , Carbondale Area Junior Senior High School offered 4 Advanced Placement ( AP ) courses at a higher cost than regular courses .	5
Although the Norsk Data breakup caused a large number of layoffs , a large number of employees and intellectual property lived on in various smaller companies .	5
Gide commence alors à penser que .	6
A binding protein is any protein that acts as an agent to bind two or more molecules together .	7
Graphs can be shared with links or embed codes , or exported in xml , json , or excel .	6
" 1992 Kremlin Cup – Singles	3
A quadrangle is formed in front of the main building by the arrangement of adjacent structures including the brown room , the laboratory and the wharf .	7
Louis Franz Aguirre has said about his opera " Yo el Supremo " ( " I , the Supreme " ) :	4
The current museum building was designed by Robert A. M. Stern .	3
Additionally , the Qom used to collect honey and large amounts of fruit and berries .	7
The tracks differed slightly from the studio album , primarily in terms of longer intros and extended solos .	5
It is followed by the Santo Domingo Lagoon , which has extensive mangrove and Barra de Pío .	6
His first break into music was in 2002 , when he appeared as a featured artist on a Sphere of Influence album track .	7
For political reasons , he was arrested by the communist regime , and spent eleven years in detention : 1950-1955 and 1958 to 1964 .	4
For example , a correct phrase is : " Den tidiga människan och hennes verktyg " ( " Early man and " her " tools " ) .	3
To say nothing of the substantial sums which we spent in American money for the fares of immigrants . "	7
Freshwater Bay ( previously , Novaia and New harbor ) is an inlet in the U.S. state of Alaska .	5
CÓDIGO DEONTOLÓGICO DE LA ASOCIACIÓN PSIQUIÁTRICA MEXICANA .	6
On November 3 , 1949 , " The Ruggles " starring Charlie Ruggles debuted , becoming the first family sitcom on the fledgling ABC network .	6
Gromov introduced geometric group theory , the study of infinite groups via the geometry of their Cayley graphs and their word metric .	6
He was called up to the national team again after the World Cup , by new manager Amir Ghalenoei , but did not participate .	3
He heard lectures in the 1880s by the mathematician Charles Henry at the Sorbonne , who discussed the emotional properties and symbolic meaning of lines and color .	6
OpenMAX ( Open Media Acceleration ) , often shortened as " OMX " , is a non-proprietary and royalty-free cross-platform set of C-language programming interfaces .	6
The Association operates as a trade union , representing its members to ACUM , the publishers association of Israel , tax authorities and other institutions .	4
It comprises eight residential towers offering a total of 1,829 units .	6
Rostki Skomackie ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
An in-depth interview with Cotton was done by the Oral Histories of the Civil Rights History Project , conducted through the University of North Carolina .	5
The Willamette River had many shallow sections at that time , called " bars " .	3
It is open daily to accommodate local and foreign visitors .	7
A paradigmatic example of the style that developed in that period in architecture is Palazzo Venezia , started in 1455 , that incorporating existing buildings .	6
He totaled 1,845 yards on 359 carries ( 5.1-yard average ) with 14 touchdowns during his college career .	3
His older brother , Dion Scott , played as a defender in the Football League for Walsall and Kidderminster Harriers .	7
The 1959 Japanese film " Nobi " ( " Fires on the Plain " ) , though filmed in Japan , is set in Leyte in 1945 .	5
Each discovery has a theme centered on a part of everyday life in Ancient Egypt .	7
Another airport in the proximity is Aero Vodochody aircraft factory to the north , used for testing purposes , as well as for aeroclub aviation .	4
The protagonist is Matthew Cotter , a Guernsey horticulturalist who finds himself one of only a handful of survivors on the former island .	7
In 2008 , he married anthropologist and television presenter Mary-Ann Ochota .	7
Army airship based at Königsberg .	4
According to local inhabitants of the area , the unique design allowed for air flow throughout the house , regardless of the direction of the breeze .	5
The complete fourth season , titled " Yu-Gi-Oh !	3
This resulted in many women being forced to resign allowing their husbands to continue working .	7
Edwards was born in Wolverhampton and began his career as an apprentice with Shrewsbury Town , turning professional in February 1980 .	5
Also at " American Songwriter " , Hal Horowitz called it " shimmering music you won 't soon forget . "	4
During 1997 , Channel 5 gained an analogue channel from some transmitters and Kilvey Hill was one of them .	6
Boys and Girls Basketball : Open , 1 , 2A , 2AA , 3A , 3AA , 4A , 4AA , 5A , 5AA , 5AAA	3
EXTEM is a screening test for the ( extrinsic ) haemostasis system .	3
It is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .	6
The named research funds are set up as $ 30,000 , two-year awards .	3
Arnada has been involved with nine feature films , mostly as producer .	3
Highway 470 is a spur up to the barrier mountains of Kalawao County and the Kalaupapa peninsula .	5
Adjacent to the smelter and the chimney is a series of at least 6 pits .	7
" Secret treaties were a central instrument of balance-of-power diplomacy in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , " but are rare today .	3
The houses were protected from noise , odours , and thieves .	4
A. in graphic design from the Brighton College of Art between 1963 and 1967 .	6
Smith challenged the city of Stockholm 's liquor marketing monopoly with his vodka .	5
This list was compiled with data calculated by Fred Espenak of NASA 's GSFC .	7
The castle was ruined and abandoned by the 1540s , with the stone being reused to build local houses .	6
As she puts it , " Once I buckled down , I was very serious about it and very focused about it and started writing . "	4
Finally , the premiere production stopped at Theatre Du Chatelet in Paris , France , for a limited run from 7 to 16 June 2016 .	3
The City of Bradford Metropolitan District Council elections were held on Thursday , 4 May 1995 , with one third of the council up for election .	4
At the Warren Street intersection , Raymond Boulevard ends when it merges into Lock Street .	4
Since then , the annual regional camp meeting has become a pattern among Seventh-day Adventists and is still practiced today .	4
Merv was the capital of Khurasan and here Yazdegred III held his court .	5
In the European Union , the sulfur content has dramatically reduced during the last 20 years .	3
Buses terminating to the North of Adelaide	5
The ridges of the Ore Mountains are one of the snowiest areas in the German Central Uplands .	4
There is almost no information surrounding the short filler comedy .	6
His parents were Anthony F. and Mary Butts Ittner .	3
The MEC incurred a severe financial loss and would thereafter be closed .	3
Hall submitted the episode for consideration for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series , but was not ultimately nominated .	3
The instrument was originally installed in the Hoyts De Luxe Theatre , Melbourne , then the Hoyts Plaza Theatre , Sydney .	4
with a partner , beginning by managing other owners ' properties .	6
In the " Established " state , the router can send / receive : Keepalive ; Update ; and Notification messages to / from its peer .	3
He received his undergraduate degree from Harvard University .	3
Douaihy has also published short story collections and children 's books .	5
The larvae feed on various grasses , including " Nardus stricta " , " Calamagrostis purpurea " , " Festuca " and " Deschampsia " species .	3
Final " , was directed by Makoto Sato and ran for 14 episodes in seven released volumes from March 3 to August 18 , 2004 .	4
The fort was rebuilt in 1771 – 1780 .	3
Almost double the amount live abroad for political and economical reasons .	6
Earlier catalogues of Vivaldi 's work exist .	5
For more information see Jefferson County Schools .	5
The building corners have paneled pilasters rising to a full entablature and fully pedimented gable .	7
Polyps over 10mm may have to be removed piecemeal by snare polypectomy .	4
The school currently operates one site , ( Mojave River Campus ) Grades Tk-12 .	6
The later ME24 engines were seen in a variety of Mitsubishi 's lower end Kei cars and trucks , until production ended in late 1972 .	5
The defendant was held liable because of the amount of risk it contributed to the occasioning of the harm .	7
He attended the Commando Training Centre Royal Marines and was commissioned into the Royal Marines as a 2nd lieutenant in 1983 .	5
3rd place Believe It finished 7 1 / 2 lengths behind .	7
" Henry Bilson-Legge , 2nd Baron Stawell	4
The PEISO 's annual concert season consists of four programs , which are performed at the Confederation Centre of the Arts or at Zion Presbyterian Church .	6
Dr. Gavril A. Ilizarov developed a groundbreaking surgical technique on distraction osteogenesis in the 1950s .	3
Summitview is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Yakima County , Washington , United States .	4
These two figures occur throughout the entire concerto , and serve to unify the whole .	5
Walking may have been a by-product of busy hands and not vice versa .	3
" Virginia Tech Hokies football statistical leaders	5
Lee was born 11 June 1880 in Ravensthorpe , Yorkshire , England .	3
The village has a population of 270 .	4
He played the best game of his life . "	4
It originated as a ford across the river Garonne , used from the 12th century onwards .	4
Trina has " Wayne " on her wrist , and Lil Wayne has " Trina " spelled out on his ring finger .	5
" South African Class 25NC 4-8-4	5
She graduated from Concord High School in 1864 and Abbot Academy in Andover , Massachusetts in 1866 .	4
" Mainguard Packaging Ltd v Hilton Haulage Ltd	7
" Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup	6
The hull design is derived from the 1982 , but is larger in both length and beam .	5
Amba becomes enraged and becomes Bhishma 's bitter enemy , holding him responsible for her plight .	6
Books written in Chinese translated into English	6
He has been held in China without charges .	3
The larva is active as the snow melts in Europe .	5
It is on U.S. Federal land which is part of the Pohakuloa Training Area .	4
Early Filipino literature and folklore also had Indian influences such as the Maranao epic of " Darangan " and the Ifugao tale of " Balituk " .	7
Coach Harris Cope was assisted by several former Sewanee greats , such as Henry D. Phillips and Frank Juhan and Silas Williams and George Watkins .	4
He traveled around studying and working in Germany and Italy .	6
A database consisting of all the cases from the manga was launched in 2007 .	6
Foti , S. , Lai , C.G. , Rix , G.J. , and Strobbia , C. , ( 2014 ) .	3
According to Scott , intellectual property policies are currently under review at several Australian universities .	3
In the 20th century , the Leblanc process was effectively replaced by the Solvay process without a hydrochloric acid by-product .	3
He used the title of " Chief Technology Officer " in this role and later admitted that this title exaggerated his actual responsibilities .	5
100 Indians stayed on his lands when the reservation was dissolved .	4
An elementary school at CFB Borden in Ontario was also named after Barker before its closure in the mid-1990s .	4
In October 2009 , Cisco Systems made a $ 3 billion recommended offer to acquire Tandberg .	5
He wrote " Urichol Nigandu " , a lexical work which is familiar to scholars .	6
One day while hunting a large and beautiful stag , they cross a haunted bridge and are themselves transformed into stags .	7
It has been suggested that these three inscriptions represent works from the beginning of Öpir 's career .	7
Gomes possessed substantial pasture land .	4
On 2 July 2012 , the specially-authorized Turkish court convicted and sentenced Aziz Yıldırım to six years and three months in prison on match-fixing charges .	6
Her nickname " Hot Lips " has different origins in the original novel , film , and TV show .	5
All the students are given roles : Lisa is queen , Martin is king , and Bart is the cooper .	3
Almost immediately , the English and French began to dispute the territory that was inhabited by the Iroquois .	6
I 'm just saying that now I 'm awake , and I 'm able to deal with everything I have to deal with .	7
Her research convinced many people in the APA to form the Board of Ethnic Minority Affairs ( BEMA ) .	6
There are also dedicated boilers that burn wood chips or pellets .	6
This included viewing several of the sporting monuments of Sir Philip Jackson .	7
SABC encompasses basic life support and limb-saving techniques to help wounded or injured personnel survive in medical emergencies until medical help is available .	6
Accipitridae is a family of birds of prey which includes hawks , eagles , kites , harriers , and Old World vultures .	6
The station highlighted 3 tracks , ‘ Open Door ( See You Later ) ’ , ' The Glory Pt .	3
IvS ultimately provided the foundations of the navy that Germany used in World War II .	7
These were performed by Gary Yudman , MC for the Earls Court and Nassau Coliseum shows .	5
On 22 February 2016 , FCSB signed Enache on a five-year deal for an undisclosed transfer fee .	3
Its goal is to provide a fun and entertaining shopping experience .	5
In linear algebra , two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if they are orthogonal and unit vectors .	5
Welsh international Gerald Davies was influential in helping the British Lions become the only Lions touring party to win a Test series in New Zealand .	7
The duo had been in contact with Moroder in relation to a possible contribution for the " " film score , but this never occurred .	4
For the 2015 season , Miller graduated into the MotoGP class , forming a part of an expanded two-rider Team LCR outfit , partnering Cal Crutchlow .	7
He joined the club at the same time as his brother Jackson .	3
He flew in the defense of the home islands .	4
Club calling the storyline " disappointing . "	5
The temple is believed to have been built by sage Neymasa at the order of Shiva .	5
The Board of Directors is composed of film and culture professionals and public figures .	5
" I Am Alive and You Are Dead	3
All About Jazz reviewer Rex Butters felt :	6
This habit of stealing laddus is his only prominent fault .	4
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 , at which time it was being used as a warehouse .	4
German naturalist Johann Walch , who executed the first inclusive study of this group , proposed the use of the name " trilobite " .	7
Group 2 ( Lake Torpedo Boat Company design )	6
His works appeared in the French language in Canada , having been translated by Adrien Arcand .	4
Before 1945 , the area was part of Germany ( East Prussia ) .	3
Free admission and guided tours are available .	5
He returned in the second and third seasons .	5
Ifri-Ouzellaguen District is a district of Béjaïa Province , Algeria .	3
Reports produced by the International Facility for Food Irradiation Technology include :	7
MBS hospital and JayKay Lon were the associated hospitals while NMC hospital is the latest addition .	4
Its ambitious lines called for a vast building 110 metres long by 84 meters wide , and 83 metres high .	5
This service has since been discontinued .	3
Japanese cultural properties were originally in the ownership of Buddhist temples , Shinto shrines , and aristocratic or samurai families .	3
It lives at depths of over sandy or muddy bottoms .	6
Concert and Alpine zithers are traditionally found in Slovenia , Austria , Hungary , France , north-western Croatia , the southern regions of Germany and alpine Europe .	5
And it just so happened to be " Sweater Weather . "	3
A Liberty ship , the " SS George E. Badger " , also was named in his honor .	3
On 19 January 2015 , de Bruyn became the third quickest South African batsman to reach 1,000 first-class runs , doing so in 20 innings .	6
3 - Jerusalem " , " And David Wept " ) , Arnold Schoenberg ( see ) , Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco ( " Violin Concerto no .	3
Some of them settled in Nakasongola , others in Bugerere .	5
Immediately diagnosed with syphilis , after being hospitalized in a nervous diseases hospice within the Neamț Monastery , the poet was treated with mercury .	6
To form a counterexample , take the smallest non-abelian group , the symmetric group on three letters .	4
He kept interest in pharmacy and Spahigiri .	5
" Stanford University v. Roche Molecular Systems , Inc .	6
A reunion show was instead scheduled for January 11 , 2019 , at The Viper Room .	3
The film competed at the 63rd Cannes Film Festival and was released in French cinemas on 3 November 2010 .	7
[ ... ] Revelle proposed a range of approaches to address global warming .	7
Lockhart spoke at a broad-based reform meeting in London in March 1852 .	3
Rich mixed forests consisting of Sal ( " shorea rubusta " ) , Saja , Salai , and Dhobin , etc .	3
The album will be released in 2 versions : a regular edition ( CD only ) and a limited edition ( CD + Blu-ray ) .	6
The music video depicts Slipknot performing live on their second headline tour The Subliminal Verses World Tour .	7
Polish Chief of State , Józef Piłsudski , had planned to take over the city since mid-September in a false flag operation known as Żeligowski 's Mutiny .	7
Erratic materials may be transported by multiple glacier flows prior to their deposition , which can complicate the reconstruction of the glacial flow .	7
Since the kernel of a linear application , the unobservable subspace is a subspace of formula _ 26 .	4
It was released on November 17 , 1990 by Universal Records .	3
With the " Match 4 " and " Match 5 " prizes , though , Klincewicz 's syndicate made a small profit overall .	5
There is conflicting data about response from other Russian sociologists to the breakup of VTsIOM .	7
Yugoslavia advanced to the UEFA / AFC Intercontinental Play-off .	7
Research into the process was carried out at Columbia University by a group that included Harold Urey , Karl P. Cohen , and John R. Dunning .	7
We are supporting Senate Joint Resolution No .	5
At the same time , it shows the disconnection between urban and rural society .	6
After execution , dead bodies were certainly suspended in cages as a warning , and this may have happened here .	3
| style = " width : 25 % ; vertical-align : top ; text-align : left ; border : 0 ; " |	3
Cards showing images increased in number during the 1880s .	7
Mortality data prior to 2009 are incomplete .	5
Water is a finite resource that is shared between nations , within nations , multiple interest groups and private organizations .	5
There are other Chinese who " jumped ship " to Europe after working as hired hands on European ships or docks .	7
Callum and Rani tell Sophie that they fancy each other and she becomes uncomfortable with their romantic behaviour .	4
In 2013 , Skeptical Science also released a ' software widget ' to highlight the accumulation of heat within the earth 's climate systems .	5
Aggregate functions occur commonly in numerous programming languages , in spreadsheets , and in relational algebra .	3
Georg Arnold Heise was born in Hamburg .	3
A number of Toys R Us stores also held events , in the states mentioned before , and South Australia .	5
They have a son Ethan ( born 2016 ) and daughter Aina ( born 2018 ) .	5
However , the creation of Presque Isle State Park crowded out the modest field station , and in 1949 the field station moved to Pymatuning State Park .	5
Leaded diamond paned swing doors separate the living and dining rooms .	4
Scapegoat is credited with bringing attention and recognition to the North Carolina rock music scene .	7
This building was used to house the retort for cremations until it fell into disrepair .	5
Select units of the resistance would go on to be reorganized and equipped as units of the Philippine Army and Constabulary .	7
Latham LJ and Sir Denis Henry concurred .	5
In January 2004 , the band partnered with Goatwhore ( US ) and Zyklon ( NO ) in Japan on the Extreme the Dojo Volume 9 .	4
There are four factors that determine the amount of the PTC :	6
Older pump clips were made of enamel .	3
A Chi Mi Dice Enhanced Single	5
The station has four entry and exit points .	5
Homozygotes tend to have neutrophils with rounded nuclei that do have some functional problems .	7
Pre-historic human prepared these tools from mainly river stones .	5
Jones continued travelling when his health permitted .	5
Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town .	6
They defeated Missouri State and Southern Illinois to advance to the championship game of the MVC Tournament where they lost to Loyola – Chicago .	7
Its source is near Tricarico and San Chirico Nuovo and the border with the province of Potenza .	5
Regional landscape plans regulate building activities along the coasts , the forests , and other natural sites .	3
With WAVE , Mohammed worked to empower marginalized women who were disproportionately affected by AIDS in their communities , specifically lower income women of color .	7
Gjøra Chapel ( ) is a chapel in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .	4
The I-340 suffered from poor cockpit pressurization and the engines proved temperamental with frequent flameouts and surges with rapid throttle movements .	6
Similarly , the Dolphin Express DX product line introduced in 2006 was also acquired from Stargen .	5
The area was traditionally part of Lower Carniola .	3
Appearances : " Narcissus in Chains " , " Cerulean Sins " , " Incubus Dreams " , " Danse Macabre " , " Bullet "	3
Zelem considered herself fortunate that she can learn and play along a hard-working figure like Williams .	6
→ Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal .	6
Judges have the option of sending those with misdemeanors or felonies to this program instead of giving them a prison sentence .	7
Prest 's brother Edward also played first-class cricket and appeared for Cambridge University in 1850 , the year before William did .	4
As in the rest of China , rail transport in Xinzheng is handled by the China Railway Corporation .	4
Immediately before the Operation Blue Star , K S Brar was commanding 9 Division based in Meerut , as a major general .	3
All the players are the employees of Sagawa Printing , a printing company with historical links to the Sagawa Express shipping company .	7
Magnus Gustafsson defeated Michael Stich , 6 – 3 , 6 – 4 , 3 – 6 , 4 – 6 , 6 – 4	3
Afterwards Miller was a platoon leader with A Company , 2nd Battalion ( Ranger ) , 75th Ranger Regiment from January 1986 to May 1987 .	3
" Ex-Communications is for everyone who feels they have been negatively impacted by religion , or knows someone who has .	5
In 1991 – after the Velvet Revolution – the cinema returned to its original name Scala .	3
It was a member of the convoy carrying the US 1st Provisional Marine Brigade .	7
Automatic scoring is typically limited to the same no-tap value .	3
( Lyons , 1680 , and other dates ; Munich , 1758 ; Tournai , 1851 , 3 vols . ) .	3
Brunei Darussalam , Canada , Chile , China , Cook Islands , Costa Rica , Ghana , Grenada , Hong Kong	3
" If it moves , we probably made something on it , " was his boast .	3
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .	7
Self-awareness as a method of self-care might help to alleviate the impact of vicarious trauma ( compassion fatigue ) .	6
By the mid-1930s the church was no longer attached to a parish , and demolition was proposed .	3
Notice that the oxidation state of the metal in the top reaction does not change , while the oxidation state changes in the bottom one .	6
Amadeus Cho exiles himself into space to find a way to contain his Hulk form 's dangerous side .	7
Bedrock exposures of Cambrian-aged Conococheague limestone and dolomite are frequent in the town , and form cliffs between the settled area and the Potomac River .	4
" Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines	5
More recently the Latin Modern and TeX Gyre fonts ( a " LM-ization " of the standard PostScript fonts ) have also gained support for OpenType math .	5
In 1893 , the Coal and Coke railroad was built running through Clendenin , paralleling the Elk River and allowing the logging industry to set up residence .	5
It however proved too complicated and suffered from poor inking , which prevented its success .	7
Winning shares of the vote below 35 % , since 1918 :	6
" Juan Ignacio de la Carrera Yturgoyen	6
Boost ETP has a variety of Market Makers	4
The Training and Project Evaluation Division conducts	5
Beyond its southern limits is the unincorporated community of New Creek .	3
The boundary was River Kanganda .	3
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of , of which , is land and is water .	5
The title distinguishes requirements for flag state and port state control .	6
On 8 August 2018 , Bachmann joined Scottish Premiership side Kilmarnock on a season-long loan deal .	3
It was adapted in Gujarati film also .	3
In 313 , he and Licinius issued the Edict of Milan , officially legalizing Christian worship .	4
In 2003 he received the 2003 Campus Award for Excellence in Public Engagement by the University of Illinois .	4
A City Sparrow is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Sam Wood and written by Kate Jordan and Clara Genevieve Kennedy .	6
Angarola is also notable as one of the favorite artists of the horror writer H. P. Lovecraft .	7
The Chuska Mountains comprise the body , Chuska Peak is the head , the Carrizo Mountains are the legs , and Beautiful Mountain is the feet .	5
Soviet aid to Syria accelerated and included military and economic agreements .	7
Shearer joined Crewe Alexandra on 3 July 2014 .	3
Each module would be loaded into memory as a user went from one part of the system to another .	7
It is situated between the River Ness and the Caledonian Canal in the west of the city .	5
The Giralda ( ) is the bell tower of the Seville Cathedral in Seville , Spain .	3
Archbishop James E. Quigley began plans for a minor seminary in Chicago in July 1903 , shortly after his installation .	3
( Stroud ) Stafford in Stamford , Vermont on August 15 , 1856 .	3
The original transmission was a four-speed manual gearbox ( without synchronized first gear ) , which drove the rear wheels via a live rear axle .	4
This is mirrored by Walter Armstrong who says : " Kidd was vulgar , reckless , and a bit of a genius … "	7
All the species are native to northern South America ( Guyana , Suriname , Venezuela , Colombia , northern Brazil ) .	3
Usually , companies that implement this strategy want to invest that capital to create higher future revenue .	6
The wings avoided the need for rigging wires by use of streamlined steel lift struts .	7
He also wrote Gilsher 's father , giving details of the loss .	5
In 2011 , after years of pushing from EOY promoters and a final agreement from major sponsor Anheuser Busch , National EOY introduced an MI division .	3
In 2010 , Telemundo produced a remake titled " El fantasma de Elena " .	6
The textual evidence for the sources of gold used in Mesopotamia is irregular .	7
However , several of the five Artifacts required for the Ritual of Mending were nowhere to be found .	7
Save that of knowing that we do thy will .	5
On the ground floor , the reception-cum-waiting lounge features a large drawing room fashioned like a conventional " thinking Bengali household " .	3
During the years 2009-2013 he was the Chairman of the Polish-German Forum .	3
Under Soubise 's command , the French had conducted a notorious march across Germany , characterized by persistent pillaging .	4
It 's now at 66 Ennismore Gardens .	3
The airport covers at an elevation of 2,414 feet ( 736 m ) .	4
Since 1987 , DGUF has also published a series of archaeological research reports , the " " Archäologische Berichte " " .	4
Chutki 's father lives abroad in USA and Canada and comes only during some functions etc .	5
It lies approximately south-west of Żywiec and south of the regional capital Katowice .	6
It provides pro bono legal support to communities suffering from pollution .	7
On March 6 , 2013 , Enache was visited at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center by the President of United States Barack Obama .	4
Those who remained belonged to both wealthy and poor families .	7
Many of the events are retellings from different points of view of events that happened in the previous novels .	7
Demonstrators moved there to protest , aiming at disrupting the summit .	6
St Kilda won the 1996 Ansett Australia Cup pre-season competition with a resounding 58 point defeat of reigning day premiers Carlton .	6
Granqvist and expert commentator Lars-Gunnar Jansson commented and the Finnish sound engineer Jussi offered champagne .	5
The reason for the configuration of the chair is disputed .	5
In 2016 , construction commenced on a single line with seven stations in the city of Canoas .	7
De Souza 's script was eventually rejected and Mitch Markowitz was hired to write a script .	5
Involuntary dismissal can also be made by order of the judge when no defendant has made a motion to dismiss .	7
Fruit eaten by a large variety of birds , including the Australian king parrot .	5
The station has its roots in a weekly radio show that was broadcast overnights on CFPL-FM starting in 1971 .	7
Prototyped only - Bill Atwood - pictured in 1969 Dealer Catalog	6
Since 2006 she has taught at the University at Buffalo , where she is Edward H. Butler Professor of English and SUNY Distinguished Professor .	7
The symposium entitled " Jews and Judaism in Contemporary Polish Research " was an occasion of particular significance , crowned by an impressive publication of symposium materials .	5
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .	7
Each set can be arranged in 24 !	3
The first twelve chapters , until he receives his accidental wound , expose his cowardice .	4
There is a love story woven through it , which once again is an assertion of the triumph of fundamental humanity against impossible obstacles .	5
Many floccular projections connect to the motor nuclei involved in control of eye movement .	6
Jaggu is a talking monkey or " bandar " .	3
These parishes despite having small populations experienced very sharp population declines .	7
Bling Bling is part of the permanent collection of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam and was featured on the cover of Design Week in 2004 .	5
Eventually , the evolution of aerobic organisms that consumed oxygen established an equilibrium in its availability .	7
In jail , he was not allowed to wear Kacchera , one the five articles of Sikh faith , which a Sikh must wear all the time .	5
Noninvasive estimation techniques have been proposed .	4
However , this connection has not been confirmed .	3
The song was originally rejected by several music publishers in its original incarnation as " Poor Man " .	3
The building was listed on the Victorian Heritage Register in 1974 .	4
The son tenderly lowers his mother into her bed that now seems to resemble a coffin .	5
" Eternal Life " can also be found on his 1993 EP " Live at Sin-é " .	3
It is now a resort island with a water park , amusement park , and a large 5-star hotel .	4
It is ideal for dayhikes and family outings .	4
The Serra dos Parecis State Park was in the municipality of Alto Alegre dos Parecis , Rondônia .	3
The leaves are clustered at the base of the stem , have a stalk and a leaf blade that is thread-like to egg-shaped and .	5
Thus muggers and juvenile delinquents become armed gangs and the hippy movement with its emphasis on mysticism , becomes the Planet Church .	6
Later , Claudio 's ex-wife comes to the restaurant for dinner , and Nicoletta interrupts a conversation between Claudio and his ex-wife .	6
She continues to investigate Ranth but also learns more about the other guests and family members .	7
His specialty was constitutional law and international law , and he represented Norway internationally .	3
Some of the main points of Karamanlis ' propositions are :	6
Leyland Tiger / Duple Dominant Bus	5
The recommendation noted that he oversaw maintenance on the unit 's machines .	5
Before Goto was murdered , a tweet he posted to Twitter in 2010 went viral .	5
] " : " The judgment is announced on 30 September 2013 in a case entitled Vinodkumar M. Malavia , etc .	4
" Original airdate : 13 July 2011 "	3
An original video animation episode was released on DVD bundled with the special edition of the 22nd manga volume on 13 September 2013 .	6
Big Brother stopped Mika by ordering him to come to the Diary Room .	5
Don Vasco de Quiroga planted 5 different species of bananas which were taken from the island of Santo Domingo .	7
The forecastle deck was just submerging and all three swam clear of the ship .	5
There were a few different voices in the series , among them Todd Susman 's and Sal Viscuso 's .	6
John Woodruff is buried at Crown Hill Cemetery , Indianapolis ( section 46 , lot 86 ) .	6
Three Wise Fools is the title of two films , both based on the 1918 Broadway play of the same name by Austin Strong :	5
Szczęsne ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
In 1940 about 40,000 Armenians lived in Romania .	4
There are shallow remains of the lagoon filled with marshy vegetation .	6
Three different Soviet leaders died between 1982 and 1985 , leaving the Soviets with an unstable leadership until Mikhail Gorbachev came to power in 1985 .	4
A number of opposition parties and civil society groups challenged the constitutionality of the decree .	6
Strioderes peruanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Strioderes .	4
Post retirement , Anandakrishnan is known to have been active by involving himself with many institutions and organizations .	6
As they reminisce , Chiang Ch 'ing asserts that " the revolution must not end " .	3
She has written a number of books about her demands for reform and has written for local Toronto newspapers on the topic .	6
The Eskimos eventually withdrew from the union in 1940 .	3
In July 1961 , she played Cinderella in the musical " Cinderella " at the Starlight theatre in Kansas City .	3
Tarsus was later eclipsed by nearby Adana , but remained important as a port and shipyard .	6
As instructed by the Caliph Umar , Saad reported everything to Umar .	4
Bonnie Loch-Woodsetter North is a former census-designated place ( CDP ) in Broward County , Florida .	3
" St Thomas à Becket Catholic Secondary School	6
CNNs use a variation of multilayer perceptrons designed to require minimal preprocessing .	7
Cziotka spent several years in the German American Soccer League .	5
The production starred Geraldine Page and Donnie Melvin , and Truman Capote was the narrator .	5
The only political party allowed during the occu	4
The final was then played on neutral ground , and the winner earned the second ticket to the next Top 14 .	4
Settlers arrived in Palmar del Tuy on April 8 , 1843 , 112 days after leaving Baden .	3
The turret ring had a diameter of .	3
There is no sign or mention of living breathing livestock .	6
He dreamed of becoming a balads singer or soap opera actor .	6
Askeskin is a program directed at poor people which allows them access to healthcare .	7
In the northern half , these designations are reversed .	3
While all of Benwood lies in a flood zone , North Benwood tends to be hit hardest by the floods of the Ohio River .	6
His discography consists of eleven studio albums , one compilation album , one remix album , five video albums , twenty singles and eighty-five music videos .	3
However , procedural programming relies heavily on blocks and scope , whereas imperative programming as a whole may or may not have such features .	4
His early musical influences were Frank Zappa , Pat Metheny , Iron Maiden , John Coltrane , Stevie Wonder and Jimmy Hendrix .	3
Ghostpoet premiered " Meltdown " , the first single taken from his second album , on Zane Lowe 's BBC Radio 1 show on 20 March 2013 .	5
In August 1944 , he was sent to Karachi , India ( now in Pakistan ) .	3
This four-story frame Queen Anne structure was located on on 3rd Avenue , between Mildred and Preston Streets .	6
He had five games in which he rushed for at least 100 yards , including a career-high 134 yards against Purdue in 1978 .	7
The village has a population of 150 .	4
The bench also noted that he was also being tried in a number of other cases , including the case of mass murder in Jharkhand .	6
The 10th-century " Book of the Prefect " stipulates the various rules for the various guilds that fell under the prefect 's authority .	6
Joseph Frank DeLuca ( June 6 , 1932 – July 21 , 2013 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions .	5
Its eponymous series of products directly competed against other electronic forms software , such as Delrina 's PerForm , and FormFlow products .	6
St. Anne 's Convent in October 1902 established the Laboratorio Ricreativo Festivo Femminile San Francesco di Assisi .	7
Related : Bombing of Romania in World War II	6
On 30 October 2010 Mikaela met the boxer Cecilia Brækhus in a match in Germany where she lost on technical knockout in the seventh round .	5
When available , seat projections are also displayed below the voting estimates in a smaller font .	3
It lies approximately north-east of Lubliniec and north of the regional capital Katowice .	6
On 9 August , the Maharashtra ATS arrested one person it claimed had stolen a bike used in the Zaveri Bazaar explosion .	7
Lisowice ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawonków , within Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
The village has a population of 101 .	4
He played left back , left midfield and defensive midfield .	7
Current and historic uses of straw include :	5
2008 : ( Kyushu Regional League ) 3rd , promoted as 3rd place in the Regional League promotion series < br >	7
In Banff National Park , projects included construction of a new registration facility at Banff 's east gate , and construction of an administrative building in Banff .	6
Facing only light resistance , German troops quickly occupied Luxembourg .	5
After the conquest of Ctesiphon , several detachments were immediately sent west to capture Circesium and Heet the forts at the border of the Byzantine Empire .	5
The inland robust scorpion was described by Alexei Birula in 1903 as " Hemihoplopus yaschenkoi " .	3
Rail service by the New Jersey Midland Railway began in 1870 .	6
The forewing is brownish , suffused with black and beige scales .	6
There was lack of backup from General Edmund Kirby Smith 's forces .	7
" 2013 Wofford Terriers football team	4
In mathematics , the study of these objects falls within the branch of combinatorial design .	4
The television film stars Jon Voight , Teri Polo , James Caan , Melanie Griffith , Steven Bauer , Grant Bowler , and Trevor Donovan .	3
Before that , Graham was Director of a Corps Program for Teach for America .	5
This fish is now limited to the Pascagoula River drainage in Louisiana and Mississippi states in the United States .	5
The diocese was erected on 30 December 2011 by Pope Benedict XVI .	3
Their reason for breaking up isn 't mentioned .	5
who currently plays as a forward for Dibba Al-Hisn and former UAE Olympic football team in 2004 .	7
The attack cargo ship again departed Oahu on the 23rd , proceeded independently via Ulithi , and arrived at Hydrographer Bank in the Palaus on 6 August .	4
Five days later Croydon became the first club to retain the National Premier Division title .	7
The group never signed to a major label , but caught the attention of the New York rap scene and was recognized by rapper Biz Markie .	7
On 21 September , " Sarsfield " departed Key West for the Mediterranean and , on 17 December , returned home .	3
Baehrenz laid upon Madsen a criticism of the DR ’ s most youth-oriented channel , P3 , stating that the station should play more top 40 hits .	6
The occupant of the Byzantine patriarchal see was Anthimus I , who had left his episcopal see of Trebizond .	7
41- developing a new signal processing based in theory of number	7
Rustichello da Pisa writes in his " Travels " that Marco Polo described a food similar to " lagana " .	7
It was abolished in 1934 , and divided between Llanystumdwy and Criccieth .	5
His mother earned three degrees from the University of Hawaiʻi including a PhD in anthropology .	4
The album sold several million copies in the U.S and was certified Diamond , and it was also certified multi-platinum in Australia , Canada and New Zealand .	4
This name was Hispanicised , first to " El Acantun " , then to " Lacantun " and finally to " Lacandon " .	3
The version of Windows CE in WM 6.0 is 5.2 .	4
During the six-hour police standoff , a television reporter doing a live report at the scene is hit by a stray bullet .	6
The 16 countries participating at the head-of-government / head-of-state level were :	7
The groups involved were the Mexican American Student Confederation , Asian American Political Alliance , African American Student Union , and the Native American group .	3
A few years later , Schieble married an ice skating teacher , George Simpson .	4
He earned an Emmy nomination as Best Supporting Actor for his performance in " The Voice of Charlie Pont " ( 1962 ) .	5
As Bold is injured he cannot jump over fences meaning he cannot get into most gardens , so his scavenging is limited .	5
Riparian water rights have become issues of international diplomacy , in addition to domestic and regional water rights and politics .	7
1868 became known as “ the Baron ’ s Year ” .	5
" List of Southern Cross University people	5
Carver then confronts Kade , who pleads that there was no other way she could save her own life .	7
The top industries are coal mining and extraction , mineral extraction , chemical engineering , sheep and goat herding , and cashmere production .	3
Pimelia angulata is a species of darkling beetles in the subfamily Pimeliinae .	3
Inspired by their plateaued dreams , Emily Sutanto decided to take on the challenge and initiates to be the project leader .	4
headed by the Temenggong and Tengku Abdu 'r Rahman .	6
Czarkowy Grąd ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
24 OCT 1977 Uruguay 16 - 7 Paraguay	6
" List of monuments of the Gettysburg Battlefield	4
It became known as Mother Goose Land .	5
There were previous threats to close the pool to save money in 1997 and 2005 .	7
" Stonestreet : Who Killed the Centerfold Model ? "	4
Rather , Baumeister 's hypothesis supports the notion that women are less willing to engage in sex than their male counterparts .	7
Willaman had two children , a son Mark M. Willaman and a daughter Wendy Willaman .	7
Carnoustie House Grounds is now used as a park and is where the annual town gala is held .	5
Gamboa introduced him to his manager , Jhun Reyes , who brought him to ABS-CBN for the first season of " " .	6
While the number of formulas documented for various traditions proliferated , the concept of the formula remained lexically-bound .	7
Temperature probes are used to make contact measurements of surface temperatures .	5
The only one who wanted to insist on this problem , was Juan Gris .	6
The third series used mostly different writers to the first two .	5
Many of these Union loyalists made harrowing journeys through territory strange to them in the South Texas country .	5
The public transportation in the Helsinki metropolitan area uses NExBTL .	5
Advances were also made southeast of Palmyra .	4
Of the adult population , 17,682 people or 15.5 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old .	5
This proved to be an ideal application , as the cylinder heads of the triple offered an ideal mounting point for the lower wishbone .	5
Other notable campaigns created by Bernbach 's team are :	6
" List of New Zealand bantamweight boxing champions	6
Many people felt the ideas he proposed were farfetched , while today the idea of a book coding system , like the ISBN , seems completely logical .	7
He was a First-team All-State selection by both of the state 's major newspapers in basketball .	5
The full-time scoreline read Mohun Bagan 1-1 1st Middlesex Regiment .	6
He was awarded Royal Aero Club Aviators Certificate No .	7
He then took the game 14-12 and consequently the match .	3
Their sound moved toward blues and pop .	5
This was , at the time it entered service , the fastest supercomputer in Europe .	4
Child marriages involving girls often involve girls that are much younger than boys in child marriages .	7
The holding in " Schlumberger " is that the use of a computer neither adds to , nor subtracts from , the patentability of an alleged invention .	7
Jahadabad ( , also Romanized as Jahādābād ) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .	5
During World War I , DeSilver used his own war bonds to post bail for defendants in free speech cases .	4
Foals of any breed tend to be born with coats that darken when they shed their baby hair .	7
Sometimes construed as a relationships-based song , " Watch Over Me " was written by Fanning after watching Pope John Paul II 's funeral .	7
Although the local Saxon peasants might have disliked the Prussians , they disliked the French and Austrians more , and they gave up little information .	4
She also appeared in films directed by John Ford and Clarence Badger .	6
Yet , the number of people seeking aid at health facilities decreased by 25 % in that same period .	7
Stibo was founded in 1794 .	3
He did not begin playing cornet until he was sixteen .	3
There is a trek to Bundla Falls which cascade from a height of 100 meters .	7
It established twenty-five canons dealing with both religious and secular affairs .	7
Dyatlov was born in 1931 in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia ( in the then Soviet Union ) .	3
Springfield was the second and final New England settlement burned to the ground during the war ; the first was Providence Plantations .	5
Sommers went on to win honors as a vocalist with her high school band at Venice High , and did so again at Santa Monica City College .	6
Taufkirchen an der Pram is a municipality in the district of Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .	6
Twenty surviving members of the MTP were later convicted and given sentences ranging from 10 years to life imprisonment .	7
The products featured ranged from parodies of actual products ( i.e .	7
Pocket PCs and personal digital assistants were originally the intended platform for Windows Mobile .	4
A number of different scales for wine ratings are in use .	5
Because of the limitation of computation resources , as explained above , the tree is limited to a " look-ahead " of 4 moves .	4
( At the time , Terceira was under the control of a junta that was in rebellion against the government in Lisbon . )	6
The heir apparent is the present holder 's son Robert Edward William Gascoyne-Cecil , Viscount Cranborne ( b .	4
In return for Lightning 's help , Serah will be resurrected .	5
The film stars Thomas Meighan , Leatrice Joy , Maude Wayne , Adele Farrington , J. Farrell MacDonald , Larry Wheat and Peaches Jackson .	3
The village has a population of 399 .	4
The biomechanics of the wing itself are quite contentious due to a combination of traits that imply different modes of flight .	7
Peter was a typical " Banffite " , he participated in all the activities the area offered like skiing , hiking , horseback riding , etc .	7
PT ( Physical Training ) evaluation is the ability to conduct a PT session .	5
Slade died of cancer on 17 June 2006 , aged 76 .	4
The whole procedure takes approximately 1 – 2 minutes .	4
Lyman Gibson Bennett died in Springfield , Missouri on 24 February 1904 , and is buried there .	3
The four-acre site also includes two historic log homes , that can be visited during the summer , and four log cabins .	4
became Otis , and Zebedee became Zeebee .	5
The fifth and final season of Yu-Gi-Oh !	3
Granger is located at ( 46.344319 , -120.191290 ) .	3
Saskatoon 's first concert was held on December 1 , 1884 by the Pioneer Society .	4
Alex Proyas ' " The Crow " ( 1994 ) became the first independent comics superhero film that established a franchise .	6
Primary elections were necessary to select Republican candidates in all districts except the Third , while no Democratic candidates faced primary challenges .	5
Laxmi Narayan Mishra ( 1903 – 1987 ) was born in the village of Basti , district Maunath Bhanjan , previously known as Azamgarh .	4
" 1985 FIVB Volleyball Women 's World Cup	4
Before World War One the class averaged 27,000 miles annually .	5
He considers Elst one of the most knowledgeable scholars on India .	6
scope = " col " colspan = 2 rowspan = 2 style = " width : 12em ; " | Party	3
Typical reducing agent is formaldehyde .	3
Pierce Power of Thurles , Cornet Owen McCarthy , Quartermaster Edmund Meagher , and 36 dragoons .	3
Meeting Spencer is a 2011 film directed by Malcolm Mowbray and written by Andrew Delaplaine .	6
He is also one of the pioneers of regional and targeted cancer therapy .	6
Akalpa is obtained from Shiva temples .	3
In Japan , the " CBS Evening News " is shown on BS-TBS as part of that network 's morning news program .	5
White wine has typically predominated in Canterbury from Riesling , Sauvignon blanc , Chardonnay , Gewürztraminer , and to a lesser extent Pinot blanc and Pinot gris .	4
Susan rejoins the group and tells them nothing of what has happened .	7
He works on the history of books , publishing and reading .	6
" Comoros at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships	4
The sanatorium treated those afflicted with tuberculosis and other respiratory illnesses .	7
The government and garment association were compiling a list of surviving employees to establish who must be paid and compensated .	7
Bobbejaan Schoepen was an extremely accomplished , successful , and versatile Belgian entertainer , entrepreneur , singer-songwriter , guitarist , comedian , actor , and professional whistler .	3
The player must also prevent Alice from bumping into enemies that are attempting to pop her balloons , push her or kill her altogether .	7
She asks her cousin , Andrew , to help her out as he organised the gig .	5
Between 1974 – 2004 , over half a million citizens volunteered for the Civil Guard .	5
Sumina ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lyski , within Rybnik County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
Stare Uściany ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Vienna is accessible by the Delmarva Community Transit commuter bus service .	7
The Stamps-Baxter company was careful to renew its copyrights under United States copyright law .	5
While he has been in the band ever since , he now describes the experience as " a past-life " .	3
Hatch and her husband attended as representatives for the Southern Cheyenne and Arapaho tribes .	7
Raven Cliff Falls are located in White County , Georgia on a creek that joins Dodd Creek .	5
It is found on several Greek islands in the Aegean Sea and from there through Asia Minor to south-western Iran .	5
The day started with a procession of eight trains setting out from Liverpool for Manchester .	6
On 19 June 2011 , Grafite announced he had signed with Al Ahli in the UAE Pro-League on a two-year contract .	4
In fact , ENI witnessed one of its most successful periods when he led the firm .	4
To honor his memory , Steel wrote the nonfiction book " His Bright Light " , about Nick 's life and death .	6
Even the ones who won 't admit to enjoying the T & A. "	7
On Friday 6 May 2005 , the University of Warwick 's new Mathematics and Statistics building was named the Zeeman building in his honour .	5
The three vessels were " Petrel , " " Jefferson Davis , " and " Savannah . "	3
Nonetheless , a full dogmatic articulation of the canon was not made until the 16th century and 17th century .	4
" List of Missouri Valley Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament Finals broadcasters	7
In 1963 , he published his autobiography , " Self-Portrait " , which was republished in 1999 .	5
He would later state that his role in eliminating the conscription in the United States was his proudest accomplishment .	6
Dhambalin ( " half , vertically cut mountain " ) is an archaeological site in the northwestern Togdheer province of Somaliland .	4
1978 – 95 : Honorary Secretary and Treasurer of Dove Cottage	6
Here follows a list of the eleven officeholders :	4
Waterville Triangle Historic District is a national historic district located at Waterville in Oneida County , New York .	5
Place with Sturm 2002 Tschekhov / Russia	4
We 're paid a monthly stipend to keep out of the family 's hair .	6
GTPase activating proteins towards Rho / Rac / Cdc42-like small GTPases .	7
The Chapel Choir regularly sings services and performs concerts in English cathedrals , including St Paul 's Cathedral and Westminster Abbey .	4
Blight was sacked after Round 15 ( 3 wins , 12 losses ) .	5
Mechanical damage to the intestinal mucosa may occur , as well as toxic or inflammatory damage to the intestines of the host .	5
The settlement has a population of 23 .	4
Held the position of Technical Chairman of the first National Secondary Schools ’ Silat Championship Kuala Lumpur .	7
Eventually she became known nationally for showing how behavioral interventions for children work and how well they work .	7
Women and children were exempted from the jizya .	4
He is currently Europe Correspondent for RTÉ News and Current Affairs .	3
Also on the property are a cowbarn , milkshed , a chicken coop , a machine shed , and an outhouse .	3
The van and truck versions originally had to make do with the lesser A12 of and at the same engine speed .	6
Potomac State College has continued to develop and is associated with West Virginia University .	5
The section was usually full , and women there formed groups to study Islam .	6
The following year , the actress part of the novel " Insensato Coração " .	3
He competed with Assef Shawkat , who was married to his sister Bushra al-Assad and was head of military intelligence , for influence in the Assad government .	6
The wines put up for auction must be approved by a tasting panel of the auctioning society before being admitted to the auction .	7
Bond " was published by B. T. Batsford ( ) .	3
The firm 's Isotonix line of dietary supplements was introduced in 1993 , and came to include more than 20 products .	6
In the June 3 , 1845 , elections for the provisional government , Lenox was a candidate to represent Tuality District in the legislature .	4
The refuge may be viewed from an overlook located off-refuge along State Highway 14 .	5
Rock formed retaining walls also remain .	5
" And well they may , fort ’ other day they had two goats for me . "	3
The museum was established in 1898 by the Cleveland Medical Library Association and today functions as an interdisciplinary study center .	4
Takht ( ) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .	3
He was inducted into the Boston College Varsity Club Athletic Hall of Fame in 1974 .	5
The exterior treatment of the building was also altered with Art Deco styling emphasising vertical elements and a stepped parapet .	5
Abeille restructured the interior of the mansion and added the elegant south façade in the Louis XIV style .	5
In May 2006 , Vargas announced her resignation from " World News Tonight " .	3
This is a complete list of New York State Historic Markers in Clinton County , New York .	5
He has three older siblings ; brother Eddie ( b .	5
His choices were Gnaeus Octavius ( consul 87 BC ) , an optimate ( although he disliked Sulla ) and Lucius Cornelius Cinna , a popular .	3
It lies approximately south of Dobre Miasto and north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Furthermore , in season 2 , because of the Kagero clan being sealed away and forgotten , Miwa uses a Narukami deck like Kai .	5
The studio contains equipment that is at least 20 years old .	7
Lyrics written by Veturi Sundararama Murthy .	5
This time company reveals New Brand Campaign " Anand Karo ! ”	5
The Japanese aircraft all jettisoned their ordnance and reversed course to return to their carriers .	5
With the help of the Department of Health and the Commonwealth Serum Laboratories , most of this was delivered by July 1939 .	7
Vandercave kidnaps Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm and demands the Dictabird in exchange for the children 's safe return .	7
After earning her Ph.D. , Fasenmyer published two papers which expanded on her doctorate work .	5
The River Ryton starts to the east of Kiveton Park , next to the Chesterfield Canal , close to the contour .	6
According to the American Red Cross , the storm killed 40 people in the United States , with 1,252 people injured .	3
The Wall Live 1980 – 81 is a live album released by Pink Floyd in 2000 .	4
When a space opened up with the Wilkes-Barre / Scranton Penguins , he was moved there .	7
He won the first Four Hills Tournament event at Oberstdorf in 1953 .	4
Closures are frequently used in JavaScript , due to being used for callbacks .	4
Among his influences were the folk music of Pete Seeger , Bob Gibson , Ian and Sylvia Tyson , and The Weavers .	3
A gas cycle drives a generator that charges the submarines battery which is connected to the propeller engine .	7
A bookish quality is evident in many of the other topics addressed , which would certainly have been outside the daily experience of Anglo-Saxon England ' .	6
1 on the New Zealand album chart .	5
That , as you can imagine , has a tremendous amount of story material with it and they 're fabulous !	4
In other schools it may be a tone , siren , electronic bell sound , a series of chimes , or music played over an intercom .	4
Translation of " Fundamentals of Sociology " by Gisbert P. , Translator : Himangshu Ghosh , Publisher : Suhrid Publications , Kolkata , West Bengal	6
DFS is also mandated in the 5470-5725 MHz U-NII band for radar avoidance .	5
Serving under General John Burgoyne for the remainder of the Canadian campaign , they later surrendered along with General Burgoyne at Saratoga .	5
Tom Boellstorff earned his Ph.D. in Anthropology at Stanford University in 2000 .	3
Armstrong Creek and its tributary the Powellton Fork flow through Powellton .	5
The largest part comprised approximately , extending eastward from Solan .	4
They also run the Family Drug and Alcohol Court in collaboration with the Tavistock and Portman NHS Foundation Trust .	6
As of 2012 the titles are held by the sixth Marquess ' eldest son , the seventh Marquess , who succeeded in 2003 .	5
The district borders Kansas to the north , Missouri and Arkansas to the east , and Texas ( along the Red River ) to the south .	3
Completed in 1995 , today 's site incorporates a leisure club , private bar , tennis courts , swimming pool and outdoor nature reserve .	7
" Bluebird " was placed out of commission , in reserve , on 1 July 1971 .	3
and buy produce peculiar to arid areas such as beans , onions , groundnuts , potatoes etc .	7
Ecological triage is not simple , dichotomous decision making .	3
the Blob " was mostly created from a red-dyed powder blended with water to form the desired consistency .	6
Posting a 5 – 3 – 2 record in the playoffs , Gardiner had another two shutouts and a 1.32 goals against average .	6
His first marriage was to Barbara , daughter and heir of John Dunstanville .	4
A novel , " Project : Valhalla " , by Scott and Wright , featuring Nimrod and the Forge , was published in December 2005 .	6
Wigwałd ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Linki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Mützel and his wife settled in Königsberg in the Neumark , where he was active as photographer .	6
Although they may be used as terms of address , they are not surnames in the sense used by Europeans .	5
The district further divides into two municipalities .	3
Holy Cross High School is a private , Roman Catholic high school in Covington , Kentucky .	3
Tracks 5 and 7 feature Ally Young .	4
He eventually goes free when there is not enough evidence to prove the rape .	6
It is currently ranked 31st in the all time ranking table of stadiums from Romania .	7
In 1979 , Admiral Doran attended the Indian Defense Services Staff College in Wellington , India , where he earned a master 's degree in Defense Studies .	6
Her first novel , " Going Home " , was published in 1972 .	4
So far , therefore , the Otranto is the only vessel of the " Orient " line with this invaluable system installed .	3
the officers and other ranks of the	4
It has the form of a terraced compound of successively receding stories or levels .	6
As of the census of 2000 , there were 803 people , 410 households , and 168 families residing in the town .	6
Respondent Jagdish Rai Chadha was born in the British colony of Kenya to Indian parents .	5
People and things known as Levente include :	6
" August and Eliza Fuermann Jr . House	5
Details of the 2014 All-Ireland Under-21 B Hurling Championship .	6
Mikawa was promoted to rear admiral on 1 December 1936 .	6
This Nanaimo-Gulf Islands area riding 's first appearance was in 1903 .	6
He is the father of Krishna Stone , Allegra Stone and Charles Stone III , creator and star of the Budweiser " Whassup ! "	3
But I like working with them because they 're down-to-earth ... What they lack in experience , they replace with enthusiasm . "	5
1941 : General Officer Commanding Armoured Corps	6
They held a high standard of Christian commitment for their students .	5
In 1942 , she was transferred to the Norwegian Government and renamed " Norholm " .	4
In its first week of its release , " Earth Seeker " had sold approximately 4,055 copies .	4
Place with Sturm 2002 Tschekhov / Russia	4
Modi 'in-Maccabim-Re 'ut has been another of the country 's most successful planned cities .	4
The typical habitat is warm-temperate ; all " Sarracenia " are perennial and require a distinct summer and winter .	6
The marquises ruling the branch were :	5
It houses the administrative apparatus of the diocese .	4
She has no wish to see the Jesuits leaving their schools .	6
Fo dedicated his Nobel Prize to her .	3
Nou TV 's last broadcast ended abruptly when Spanish police pulled the plug at 12 : 19 on 29 November 2013 .	7
He and his colleagues isolated a new unsaturated fatty acid from the seeds , which they named ' chaulmoogric acid ' .	7
In 1806 , Jacques Labillardière used these specimens as the basis of his publication of the species in " Novae Hollandiae plantarum specimen " .	5
This grew to over $ 250 million by the time he was 25 , according to estimates .	4
He had eight children by his first wife , Chaya Ruda Czarna , daughter of Noah Czarny , a prominent Gerrer Hasid in Biala .	6
The courtyard of the annexed Palazzetto is taken from Roman elements combined , but without philological rigor .	4
The default system processor executes a standard copy , move or delete action .	4
During the winter Moss supported Sunn O ) ) ) on a boat , The Thekla .	3
In 1830 he was forced to change his name to " Alter " because of his support towards the Poles during the November Uprising .	6
As the Confederacy cause died , so died Bagdad .	4
The battle of Gisikon was the longest and , with 37 dead and some 100 wounded , the bloodiest of the war .	7
The panel discussed the week 's news and highlighted events in the media and on the show .	5
In the detail below the generic gaps addressed ( as above ) are included in brackets .	6
It takes its source from the Shingan fortress ( 1817 m high ) in the Talysh Range .	3
DeRosan aims to enhance accountability by establishing cultural and environmental principles .	7
Horizon Air offers four flights daily from Pullman-Moscow to Seattle and four flights daily from Seattle to Pullman-Moscow .	7
Several genera infect mammals : " Bioccala " , " Biguetiella " , " Dionisia " , " Hepatocystis " , " Plasmodium " ,	3
As a child , he spent time at the California Academy of Sciences , where he developed his interest in science .	4
Also located in the marina is the St. Francis Yacht Club and Golden Gate Yacht Club .	4
It lies approximately south-east of Biała Piska , east of Pisz , and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	7
In temperate Asia , it is found in China , within the province of Xizang , ( also referred to as Tibet ) , Sichuan .	4
Fleet was also responsible for depositing White 's papers in the Sibley Library of the Eastman School of Music at Rochester .	7
Those officers could only approve payments recommended by an independent committee .	5
He published a novel , " Mostyn Stayne " in 1897 , but it was not successful .	3
On 23 April 2013 , a TV channel recorded footage that showed cracks in the Rana Plaza building .	7
Some went bankrupt quite quickly , some were bought for tax purposes .	4
Islampur , Maharashtra 's geographical area is .	5
The station also began weekly broadcasts on Saturday nights from The Standard nightclub .	3
After several promotions he joined the Volkspolizei , the federal police , in 1947 , and later , in September 1948 , the Grenzpolizei .	3
In 2008 , Trina created the Miami-based female rap duo Pretty Money , with members Nisha and An-G .	4
The event was referred to by the Daily Mail as an " eccentric sporting tournament " .	3
This is a list of episodes for the third season ( 1952 – 53 ) of the television version of The Jack Benny Program .	7
Following a seven-year apprenticeship , he tramped around until his next protracted stay , with the " Pittsburgh Chronicle " .	3
The first true case of human infection was identified by Simpson in 1964 , who was himself infected while isolating the virus from mosquitoes .	6
Baldwin receives a warning that the nova effect is set to be triggered on Earth , but the triggering device is on the Moon .	6
To the east the largest rivers are the Phum Duang River and the Lang Suan River .	3
Lanternfish themselves have been found to feed on bits of plastic debris accumulating in the oceans .	7
Among the proposed construction sites are Likas ( current SM All Saints site ) , Kepayan and current Queen Elizabeth Hospital .	3
A triple-double is a rare event , and indicates outstanding all-around individual performance .	5
National Counter Terrorism Authority ( Nacta ) is working on joint programs with different NGOs and other cyber security organizations in Pakistan to combat this problem .	6
Currently , policies and agreements intended to address water politics and allocation between nation states are insufficient .	7
Many of them , notably the Goths and Vandals , adopted Arianism instead of the Trinitarian ( a.k.a .	5
Schools descended from Akiyama Yōshin-ryū jūjutsu include :	6
It lasted 7 minutes and 27 seconds .	5
She is buried near Jane Cowl at Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery .	5
At present , the armory has a staff of between 20 and 49 persons .	6
" My Little Pony : Twinkle Wish Adventure	4
In 1988 , TVOntario 's " People Patterns " documentary featured Holy Cross as part of its history of Manitoulin Island and the people there .	5
After a great war their main bases in Mu and Atlantis sank and humanity was thrown back to a Stone Age .	7
It lies approximately south-west of Białogard and north-east of the regional capital Szczecin .	6
His role as chairman involved selecting bidders to develop the site .	7
Since 7 June 2009 , it is part of the town Penzlin .	3
It included the theme song " Crazy Train " ( Pat Boone 's version ) as well as contributions by Ozzy and Kelly .	6
" Variety " called the film " a laborious disappointment in which the freshness has vanished and the laughs come few and far between . "	7
His trademark is creating rich live music using only his own performance aided by live looping and effects pedals combined with his voice .	7
France and Austria put aside their old rivalry to form a coalition of their own .	5
An adjacent satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male offenders .	7
LibreOffice includes Python , and intends to replace Java with Python .	5
Medhurst began his career with Woking .	3
He resigned to accept the office of New Hampshire Attorney General , which he held until his death .	6
A " nabob " , an English form of " nawab " , is a merchant-leader of high social status and wealth .	5
Claims involving errors accounted for 78 percent of administrative costs .	7
Sartangeh ( ) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .	3
40.3 % of all households were made up of individuals and 18.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
Mariappa Kempiah , an extremely hardworking midfielder who could play equally well in offence and defence joined Mohun Bagan in 1956 .	7
The manga has regularly appeared on Oricon 's Japanese Comic Ranking chart .	5
As a member of the Society of Conservative Lawyers , Cash assisted the Shadow Cabinet on legal issues .	5
See , e.g. , Galatians 6 : 7 : " God is not mocked , for whatever a man sows , that he will also reap . "	3
Larvae feed on " Sitanion " , " Blephanoneuron " , " Stipa " , " Poa " and " Bouteloua " .	3
This can be disastrous for systems employing PLL or FSK technologies .	7
She wrote a novel , " Last Mile to Huesca " about her time in Spain , though it remained unpublished .	3
Drivers : Dave Pierce ( captain ) , Dave Hindle , Alan Cox , Biffo Sweeney , Art Fowler , Gordon Street .	4
It was mostly similar to the ESV-2 except the ESV had larger , plastic bumpers and slight differences in the trim .	5
Shangsha station ( ) is a Metro station of Shenzhen Metro Line 7 .	3
COWBOY BEN starring Shaun Dooley	5
The film stars Sivaji Ganesan , K. R. Vijaya , Jaiganesh and Suruli Rajan in lead roles .	3
She and two of her three children adopted his surname , but there is no record of a marriage .	7
Wygoda ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Most Kennel Clubs have reciprocal arrangements and dogs registered in one country can be re-registered in another country if the dog is imported .	6
Prusowy Borek ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Kennedy , David Romtvedt , Carla Panciera , Ernest Hilbert , Maraget Hoehn , Gregory Loselle , Shannon Sweetnam , Paula Younger and Emma Bolden .	3
Homer 's subplot at the retirement home was an idea that Scully had had for a long time .	5
These signals are combined in the amplifier circuit to yield a wide band signal extending from DC to over 50 MHz .	7
In RN service the SO3C was given the designation " Seamew " , a name used again in the 1950s for the Short Seamew .	6
The second attempt took place on October 15 , at the onset of Operation Stouthearted Men , the Israeli military operation to cross the Suez Canal .	7
A whitewater stretch of the Lost River flows just above the town from the southwest and once it reaches Wardensville is renamed the Cacapon River .	4
She was buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris and Yves Montand was later buried next to her .	5
A drill team can be one of four different entities :	3
This stemmed indirectly from a spate of yellow and red cards .	6
In August 2011 , Paramount Pictures announced a remake of the 1974 film " The Gambler " with the original producers , Irwin Winkler and Robert Chartoff .	6
Many thought that de Bury ’ s chaplain , Robert Holkot , was the author and there was substantial evidence that this was the case .	5
In 1999 a campaign called " Encore !	5
He started his career as a prosecutor in Morón , Buenos Aires .	5
Silvester served as Greek Patriarch of Alexandria between 1569 and 1590 .	6
" 2001 Wales rugby union tour of Japan	4
Сейчас работает тренером в академии коноплева	6
Examples include placing chewing gums next to cigarettes and putting toothpaste beside chocolates and sweets .	7
It is a summary of the movements in market capitalisation of each South Island based listed company .	5
The Union currently competes in debate tournaments held by the American Parliamentary Debate Association .	6
The first volume of Shousha 's " Collected Poems " was published in 1985 , and the second volume in 2007 .	5
In April 2007 , Tandberg Television was acquired by Ericsson .	3
A selection of books written by or illustrated by Eric Fitch Daglish :	6
Ph.D. programme is available in almost all the subjects in Arts , Science , Commerce and Agriculture .	5
Russia – arms supplier to Iraqi and Syrian governments .	7
He spent the 2005 / 06 season playing for VK Partizan .	6
He was the great-grandson of Lady Charlotte and her second husband , Vice-Admiral Sir Adam Drummond , KCB , of Megginch .	3
This leads to a simple first-order differential equation which describes heat transfer in these systems .	6
He is mainly known from his monumental tomb excavated at Saqqara .	5
Most of the cultural activities of Chittagong and related business were established in the place .	7
Port Moresby was vital to Allied strategy and its garrison could well have been overwhelmed by the experienced Japanese invasion troops .	6
The blind auditions were taped from July 9 to 12 , 2013 .	3
When the French Revolution broke out in 1789 , he renounced his seigneurial privileges .	4
After framing Angus , abusing Morn , and attempting to sell Morn and Davies to the Amnion , Nick is a prisoner aboard Trumpet .	7
In " The Jewel in the Crown " , her niece , Daphne Manners , fell in love with an Indian , Hari Kumar .	4
The album follows Byard 's big band tributes album " Phantasies " ( 1984 ) .	4
32.4 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
For example , the Noto fonts CJK OTC is ~ 10 MB smaller than the sum of the four separate OTFs of which it is comprised .	7
He is also a syndicated columnist , author , zombie pundit , and founder of ParanormalPopCulture.com , a website which covers paranormal topics in popular culture	5
The Regiment remains on site and has a headquarters squadron and five signal squadrons , one of which is based at RAF Digby .	7
" American Beauty " s closest contender for Best Picture was seen as " The Cider House Rules " from Miramax .	4
It lies approximately south-west of Biskupiec and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
The cantons of Ticino and Solothurn , also predominantly Catholic but governed by liberal administrations , did not join the alliance .	5
One of the leading independent filmmakers in the Philippines , he was recently chosen as part of in " Take 100 , The Future of Film " .	7
He also became a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity .	6
He also played professional football as a guard for the Cleveland Rams during the 1938 NFL season .	4
Investors were rarely informed about the true nature of their investments .	4
This episode was actress Salma Hayek 's second appearance on " 30 Rock " as the character Elisa .	3
Double letters are sometimes used to indicate parallel or alternative routes .	6
A forcing notion is said to have the Laver property if and only if the forcing extension has the Laver property over the ground model .	6
Travelling exhibition SA / Europe / USA / Australia 2007 .	5
" Ermita de la Virgen del Val	6
The system worked by using sites known as Y-Stations .	7
In recent years , it has served as an alternative departure point for tourists to the Perhentian Islands .	5
In addition , its internal divisions were changed .	3
Hunt began painting large canvases dominated by luminous veils of colour .	7
Here is the list of countries and servers that use free placement of handicap stones :	7
" Freewill Baptist Church-Peoples Baptist Church-New Hope Church	6
" Canal de l 'Oise à l 'Aisne	6
The flag bore various forms of the shield from the Canadian coat of arms in its fly during the period of its use .	7
Terry founded the anti-abortion organization Operation Rescue .	5
The George and Ira Gershwin Song Book ( 1959 ) " ( Ella Fitzgerald Sings the George and Ira Gershwin Song Book ) "	3
Rachel Wyatt ( born 1929 in Bradford , England ) is an English-Canadian dramatist .	6
" List of The Amazing Spider-Man issues	3
Juan Pablo Valdivieso ( born February 27 , 1981 ) is a Peruvian former swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .	4
For every 100 females , there were 94.4 males .	3
Stretching across the whole church is a continuous marble altar rail .	4
The British Royal Navy kept the Curtiss name , ( " Seamew " ) , for the SO3Cs that they ordered .	4
In 2011 , Raycom was an initial investor in Bounce TV , a broadcast subchannel network .	3
The game offered a two-player mode that alternated between simultaneous and alternating play based on the event .	7
Kurt finds himself taunted by Crawford , Tong Po 's former right hand man who is working for Moore .	7
Moonstone ( formerly , Little River ) is an unincorporated community in Humboldt County , California .	4
Angelo then saves Belle 's life when a gunman menaces them .	4
The accident caused controversy at the time and in the years since .	3
" Wee Shu Min elitism controversy	5
The population density was .	3
Li Yihuan , the last princess of the Ming Dynasty , was tasked by her teacher to get close to Kangxi to seek an opportunity for revenge .	7
Brege ( ) is a small village south of Krško in eastern Slovenia .	3
Neither his boat " Manureva " nor his body were ever found .	5
However , as fate has it , Mano is afraid to admit to his mother Thangam ( Suhasini Maniratnam ) that he is in love .	6
Webb Hill is a hill located in St. George , Utah , in Washington County .	4
It developed railroads including 54 stations and built a field hospital .	5
The village has a population of 90 .	4
I-69 / US 59 is accessible to the northeast and southwest via entrance ramps .	4
She would love to get out , but her father is rather severe and doesn 't want her to go to night clubs .	6
It features 17 field level box seat sections .	7
In September 2011 , The New 52 rebooted DC 's continuity .	4
His biggest hit was " Amapola " , which was number one for ten weeks in 1941 on the Billboard pop singles chart .	5
Hawthorne wrote introduction , titled " The Wayside " , referring to The Wayside in Concord , where he lived from 1852 until his death .	6
In this type , a pulse from a laser passes down an optical fiber to strike and thus initiate a carbon-doped explosive .	4
Its oldest mention is from the court of King Stefan Milutin ( r . 1282 – 1321 ) , when Đuraš Vrančić had the title .	4
18.9 % of all households were made up of individuals and 6.1 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
Individuals within the same environment can develop a preference for extremes of a trait , against the intermediate .	5
He died at the age of 78 in 1981 in New York City .	4
" United States Coast Guard officer rank insignia	6
" List of rivers of Bosnia and Herzegovina	5
Flavius Eutychianus or Eutychian ( " fl " .	4
" Cathedral of St Stephen , Brisbane	3
Ma 's drunken new husband Arthur Dunlop is murdered when he blabs about their activities , as is corrupt mob-doctor , Dr. Guelffe .	4
She earned a second-place finish in rope .	3
With the first pick , the Cleveland Rams selected fullback Corbett Davis from Indiana University Bloomington .	3
The municipal territory has been augmented through mergers in 1911 , 1915 , 1931 , 1935 , 1952 , 1967 and finally in 1971 .	3
By the next Olympics he was a double European champion and a clear favorite .	3
Sophie says goodbye to Callum and Rani and she leaves Ramsay Street , along with Andrew and Natasha .	5
Kishida was the minister of Okinawa affairs from 2007 to 2008 , firstly in the Abe Cabinet and later in the Fukuda cabinet .	3
There are thirteen burial temples arranged in one and half rows .	7
An expansive network of branch lines once existed , especially in Canterbury , Otago , and Southland , but these are now almost completely closed .	4
According to an account from Gaza residents delivered to B 'Tselem , an air strike collapsed the home of Ad-Daya family , killing thirteen family members .	7
The range is lightly glaciated , as compared to the other ranges to the west .	5
Throughout its history , Philippi has suffered from floods because of its proximity to the river and the relatively low elevation of most of the town .	7
With the help of the Koli , Bhil and Dhangar communities in Maharashtra , Vasudev formed a revolutionary group of " Ramoshi " .	4
The Mensheviks ' resort to violence alienated many people , including their Armenian political allies , and the general strike collapsed .	3
Granger was involved in the financing and construction of the Sunnyside Canal which would allow Yakima River water to irrigate the area .	7
The unit suffered from an outbreak of cholera which had already killed over 600 of its members .	7
He has been on the National Board of MDF since 1996 and has been county president .	3
Calcitonin levels remain a valuable marker to detect recurrence of medullary thyroid carcinoma after thyroidectomy .	6
This land is part of the Green Belt .	3
Inside the cathedral the stained glass windows are vividly illuminated by the sun and cast coloured patterns on the floor and walls .	6
The region has a potential of producing 20 – 25 tonnes of cotton .	5
Fees collected to fund the event are not	6
Karanvir is focusing on the front of Smart Cities in the domain of Transportation , Health , Education , Energy , etc .	7
The Spanish friars had a tradition of naming towns they built in honor of saints .	5
" H. tatei " is one of the few species observed to produce both digestive enzymes and wax scales , which also aid in prey capture .	6
King , Diana Krall , Van Morrison , Liza Minnelli , Pat Metheny , Herbie Hancock , Chick Corea , Keith Jarrett and Ray Gelato .	3
It lies approximately south-west of Pisz and east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
Like other Rodnover groups , Ynglings consider Christianity as an anti-national international machination aimed at the enslavement of people , chiefly Russians .	7
Built of granite from the same quarry that supplied materials for the Texas State Capitol , the outer walls are made of sunset red granite .	7
These " guerrilla warfare in the air " tactics generally proved successful during the course of the war .	7
Saravanan is told to stay in the guest house where Gumbidiswamy ( Vivek ) is staying .	7
The northern border was 88th Avenue ( to 152nd Street ) , BC Highway 1 ( to 176th Street ) and the Fraser River .	3
Then commutator operators formula _ 8 and formula _ 9 is	6
The great persecution fell upon the Christians in Persia about the year 340 .	3
The pilot station saw the ship for a short while ( when it probably had rolled over ) but it disappeared from view at 1.25 pm .	4
Modules were made of metal , plastic and porcelain affixed upon networks of wedges and cables .	7
Thirteen species have been recorded in North Dakota .	3
It has an area of 1,072 km ² and a population of 137,955 at the 2006 census .	7
Children who have not finished fusing their proximal radial epiphyseal plate may suffer dislocations of this joint .	7
They also question the boundaries between subject and object .	5
There were 212 housing units at an average density of 295.8 per square mile ( 113.7 / km ² ) .	7
Minister of the Armed Forces :	3
Nonetheless , he maintains a dismissive attitude toward his better-trained colleagues , blaming others for his own failures .	4
To graduate , soldiers must pass the following evaluations :	3
Examples of calls intended for 3-1-1 include :	6
I ) Accommodation and food service activities < br >	7
Canterbury is also New Zealand 's main producer of cereal crops such as wheat , barley and oats .	5
At the on-campus recruitment and interview fair , Wei hopes she and Xiaozheng can find work at the same institute thus remain together .	5
A sequel to " The Good Master " , it tells of the effects of World War I on Kate and all of her family .	5
The intensity of operations persisted throughout the remainder of the war .	5
Even during the controversy , the program was very limited in scope .	3
The transfer was made official one day later .	5
He who loves his wife loves himself " .	5
Friendship of Women in Brownsville , Texas is an organization which helps teenage girls who are the victims of abuse and domestic violence .	7
" 1982 FIVB Volleyball Women 's World Championship	4
When claimants attend their first " Jobseeker Interview " , they are required to sign a contract with their advisor , this is called a claimant commitment .	5
It is located by Lake Huron , 40 km east of Blind River , Ontario .	5
Their basic culture is similar to the other Dayak people in Borneo .	4
Mind games in the sense of the struggle for prestige appear in everyday life in the fields of office politics , sport , and relationships .	6
He retained this post until 1947 .	3
Good Singin ' , Good Playin ' is 11th studio album by Grand Funk Railroad , released by MCA Records ( MCA 2216 ) in 1976 .	6
Jenkins succeeded Roy A. Burrell , who was term-limited in the primary election held on October 24 , 2015 .	7
Elexious " Lex " Evans , an early postmaster , gave the community his name .	4
Every champion of these associations was eligible for play in the championship .	4
Suppose there is a population of rabbits .	5
Unlike the BGS , which was based in barracks located further back from the border , BZV personnel lived with their families in communities along the border .	7
It lies approximately south-west of Świątki and north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
" Jerusalem unter der Haut- Zur Geschichte der Jerusalemer Pilgertätowierung " , Zeitschrift für Religions- und Geitesgeschichte , 55 ( 2003 ) , 1-39 .	3
The following year de Bruyne suggested that synthetic adhesives might play a part in aircraft production and engaged Cambridge University chemist R.E .	7
Despite this difficult context , Elisabeth tried to make herself useful to her adopted country .	5
Finlayson was selected as a loose forward for the 1925 New Zealand tour of Australia , his weight was listed at and height at .	7
God i givim ples ia long yumi ,	5
Here he took a particular interest in cultural and social issues .	6
The album proved successful and sold over 3 million copies .	7
Thousands of Algerians probably died .	4
B , B , D , E , G , F , G , E , F , C , C , A	3
30.1 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	7
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	6
The plant was built by Siemens .	3
Ravenswood Grade School is located about 1-1 / 2 miles outside of the town limits .	5
Holcocera cathedrae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica .	4
Reports of the impressive ceremonies at his cremation state variously .	3
17,000 girls were reported as missing between 2011 and 2014 .	5
Males had a median income of $ 27,944 vand females $ 20,401 .	5
In " The Transformer " , we resume where Phaedrus left off .	4
" Instituto Nacional de Estadística e Informática	6
He conducted workshops with children rescued from the streets of India .	7
The Bel-Air hotel has an overall old Hollywood style and is surrounded by 12 acres of gardens in the Bel-Air Estates neighborhood .	7
In comparison , black households lost 53 % of their median wealth and white households lost only 16 % .	7
Strzybnik ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .	4
In 1813 he participated in the Battle of Lutzen ( 1813 ) , Battle of Bautzen and Battle of Dresden .	5
They faced the Wake Forest Demon Deacons , representing the Atlantic Coast Conference , a school located just 80 miles from Charlotte in Winston-Salem , North Carolina .	7
David Roberts , Jim Burns , J. Gwyn Griffiths , Bob Cobbing , Allen Ginsberg , Raymond Garlick , Alan Jackson , and Umberto Saba	3
Late in development , Jaleco commissioned Realtime Associates to provide background music , which no previous version of " Maniac Mansion " had featured .	7
He worked for " Haaretz " from 1956 to 1964 and for " Yediot Aharonot " from 1964 to 1992 .	4
In 1975 , he was given command of the 323d Flying Training Wing .	6
A large integral roll bar completed the rear and also held up the rear of the roof spine .	5
He viewed his brother as a gifted young man who had good looks and did well in all his endeavours , whether it was football or education .	6
Davey Allison maintained his early Winston Cup Series season points lead .	7
There is also a live-action play titled , which was performed 16 times at the Theater Sun-mall in Shinjuku , Tokyo during August 2004 .	6
In 2013 the album " Half Life " was released .	3
A new national cemetery is under construction in Mytishchi north of Moscow .	3
These feature Keppard on second cornet .	3
The chancel includes two lancet windows .	3
His first assignment was as assistant operations officer of the 38th Reconnaissance Squadron at March Field , California .	3
The array at NORSAR was one of the first European nodes of the Arpanet , the precursor to the Internet .	4
This difference is one of the Roman Catholic practices criticized by some Protestants , especially in the 19th century , as too " pagan " in origin .	4
) , and cypress ( " Cupressus " spp . ) .	4
He also demonstrated gunspinning to Mark on " The Rifleman " in " Two Ounces of Tin . "	5
Tony feels confused about A.J .	4
James Kearney may refer to :	3
He was a guest on Neil deGrasse Tyson 's radio show " StarTalk Radio " on February 27 , 2011 .	4
Xu Zhigao did not want the Run post and requested the Xuan post , but Xu Wen refused to grant it .	4
" The Zero Imperative " ( 1994 ) marked a new departure for BBV .	4
The area housing the Ellis and Estelle units is wooded .	7
It hostsed locals sporting events and concerts .	6
Brett Faulkner of PopMatters wrote that the release is a " well conceived effort , but not sans flaws . "	4
" South Sydney District Junior Rugby Football League	7
Okafor played four years of college soccer at Brown University between 2007 and 2010 .	7
She has served as a member of the Regional Representative Council and as a member and vice chairperson of the People 's Consultative Assembly .	7
The remaining 13 songs were new compositions at the time of recording , 11 of which were written or co-written by Ron Elliott .	6
The gnatcatchers are mainly soft bluish gray in color and have the typical insectivore 's long sharp bill .	5
The last draft produced by the OpenMAX Working Group ( 1.2.0 ) dates from 2011 and no product has been declared as conformant since 2012 .	5
Additionally , the repeaters usually air separate local advertising from that broadcast by the parent station .	3
For many years , Sam Snead was the resort 's golf pro .	3
Each of these functions has a variable named n that represents the argument to the function .	6
Acetic acid can also undergo a dismutation reaction to produce methane and carbon dioxide :	5
We help make sure their efforts aren ’ t in vain .	7
However , Kaye saw that it needed cosmetic and functional improvements .	6
1995 he received a scholarship of the Fondation Royaumont / France .	6
Other water activities include para-sailing , kitesurfing , and a tourist submarine .	4
Nathaniel Freeman 's uncle Jonathan Freeman was a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire .	4
Other works include two manuscripts unpublished at the time of Hudson 's death .	7
After Aron had been hospitalized , his lawyers stated that he was " seeking to quiet the voices in his head by listening to music " .	6
" The Sound of Goodbye " was Crystal Gayle 's thirteenth number one country single as a solo artist .	4
Translation of " Heat Transfer " by J P Holman , Translator : Subash Phadke , Publisher : Diamond Publications , Pune , Maharashtra	6
It then flows from NW to SE reaching the village of Roncole and the inhabited part of its valley .	7
They join a ragtag travelling circus where Il Matto already works .	7
The society provides extensive humanitarian assistance to impoverished people throughout Africa .	5
Chaplain Fellowship Ministries military chaplains are nondenominational .	5
Bumper Bowling was started in 1978 by Alex Wortman and Zena Sheinberg in Ann Arbor , Michigan .	4
Canada Post has issued a single commemorative stamp celebrating McClelland & Stewart 's centennial .	7
The world economy consists of two countries , Home and Foreign , which produce wine and cloth .	6
The teams competing during the 2018 – 19 season are :	7
Beginning with William Miller 's teachings , Adventists have played a key role in introducing the Bible doctrine of premillennialism in the United States .	7
Cornish used a school photograph from the " Realschule " ( lower secondary school ) in Linz , Austria , on his book cover .	3
Notable people with the surname include :	4
Duke calls on Hartley and tells him to help Carol 's nerves .	6
The population was 1,404 at the 2010 census .	3
Significant properties in the district include :	4
The track was recorded in Sweden .	3
Kajny ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
When the power fails , Harold returns early , and Brindsley 's ex-mistress Clea shows up unexpectedly , things slide into disaster for him .	5
Pärson was introduced to ski racing by her sister , Frida , and is now trained by her father , Anders .	5
In one case , a train with deportees derailed killing 19 and injuring 57 people .	7
In November 2008 , Daniella had her first No .	3
Other routes run weekday rush hours only .	5
It took place from 3 to 10 January 2010 .	6
The Picture Gallery is a reconstruction of the original Picture Gallery in the West Wing of the Hospital .	4
The last outsider was Charly Gaul , winner of the 1958 Tour de France , who rode in the mixed Luxembourg-Swiss team .	6
The stream is in the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Shickshinny .	3
The number of those killed in the first massacre ( January 25 ) was 56 , including women and children .	7
" New South Wales Albatross Study Group	5
Both Holt and Jobs felt that it would be a good position for her , given her artistic abilities .	5
The main Chosroid branch outlived its younger Guaramid line , extinct since 786 , by two decades .	3
At first he was close to the rebbes of Kozhnitz .	4
Alor Setar was proclaimed a city – the ninth in Malaysia – on 21 December 2003 .	5
Redistricting following the 2000 U.S. Census moved Obama 's home into the second district , although he has since moved back into the first district .	4
Krishna accepts the curse , which bears fruit 36 years later .	6
They were revised in detail in 1992 by Paul Selden , who placed them in a separate suborder , Palaeoricinulei .	5
In October 2011 , a Tier III MDI licence was granted , and MDI operations began on 10 October 2011 .	4
He also published academic works on drug laws and on the role of technology in United States Obscenity Law .	7
He initially remained active , and continued to appear as a guest on TV and radio until his death .	7
Fall is a 2014 Canadian drama film .	3
Doliops gertrudis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	5
Bella Vista contains portions of the catchment area served by Andrew Jackson Elementary School , William M. Meredith School , and George W. Nebinger School .	7
He has claimed to be inspired by the rainbows and sunsets he experienced while , as a child , frequently living on his family 's fishing trawler .	7
In response to the forced move and other hostile actions , several young Nez Perce people took actions that precipitated the Nez Perce War .	5
The spheroids are sometimes flattened or egg-shaped , apparently by the flow of magma at a time when they were semi-solid or plastic .	6
In 1974 , he commanded his second ( and final ) space flight Soyuz 14 ( " " ) in 1974 .	5
Data in bold represents maxima derived from excitation function measurements .	6
The Adonay family influenced the spread of musical interest and helped form the first brass band in Pakil .	5
Law enforcement is provided by Tayside Police and Carnoustie is served by Tayside Fire and Rescue Service .	6
The nave , with its rib vault of seven bays was completed in 1505 .	4
Joint administrator Richard Hawes stated :	4
Dr. Narayanan , Haricharan , Bakiyaraj , Anand , Santosh Hariharan , Deepak , Harish Iyer , Senbagaraj , Ranina Reddy , S. Malavika , Saundarya .	3
" North Korea – South Korea football rivalry	5
Svo saug mamma hans drjólan hans fyrir eina síkó .	5
It displays received messages using either a compass or map view .	5
1858 ) and " Mémoires touchent la vie et les écrits de Mme de Sevigné " ( 6 volumes , 1842 – 1865 ) .	3
She appeared in ten of his films .	4
This had increased in the 1931 census to 262 , still all Muslim , in 51 houses .	3
The teams did not meet again until 1992 , when apartheid was being dismantled and the SARB had merged with the non-racial South African Rugby Union .	6
They moved to mud walled houses with grass thatched roofed .	5
Mandlana , Sende liyahlaba likhuphi gazi ngomlomo	6
As in other flaviviruses , such as the similarly sized West Nile virus , the RNA genome encodes seven nonstructural proteins and three structural proteins .	4
The honor ultimately fell to nearby Pullman , southeast .	3
Furthermore , a number of studies from both industrialized and developed countries indicate that women in local government tend to advance social issues .	7
" The Only Ones ( Part Two ) "	3
Researchers also commonly make a distinction between perceived and received support .	6
They are part of a larger grouping of people referred collectively as the Orang Ulu , or upriver people .	6
According to historian Virgil A. Lewis , " Point Pleasant did not flourish for many years [ after the turn of the century ] .	4
Thus , the decree can be seen as an attempt to avoid provoking Sparta .	5
Kathy Whitworth won the event by one stroke over Sandra Haynie .	5
The Fire qualified for the MLS Cup Playoffs for the twelfth time in their fifteen competitive seasons and for the first time since 2009 .	4
The post at Council Grove operated until at least the end of September 1864 .	5
The glabella forms a dome underneath which sat the " crop " or " stomach " .	5
" American Thermos Bottle Company Laurel Hill Plant	5
Many of the individuals named have separate articles in Wikipedia .	7
The sage worships Shiva with bilva leaves and Bhasma .	5
Background science to EMC Activation :	3
Israel is chairman of the skeptical organisation Stichting Skepsis .	5
The median age was 46 years .	3
LGVs are fenced to prevent trespassing by animals and people .	6
Łąck Mały ( ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Szczytno County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
Several band members have indeed emphasised the impact of the attacks of the Twin Towers and the following political events as inspirational source for the album .	6
Included in her bucket is a Swiss Army knife and a rope .	4
In 1837 the ancient bishopric was divided .	3
He played on several Blakey recordings , including " Caravan " , " Ugetsu " , " Mosaic " , and " Free for All " .	3
It was described by Barševskis and Jäger in 2014 .	4
The tour went around to each state at selected Westfield stores .	4
In July 1897 the property was transferred to Thomas Hanmer , who retained it until August 1914 , when it was transferred to James Green .	5
Inwood receive an average of of precipitation a year over 117 days , of which are in the form of snow .	4
Teenagers have gotten involved in fraud such as using card details to order pizzas .	6
Additionally , Vanderbilt was the only university in the top 15 on both their Best Greek life and Best Colleges rankings .	3
The mascot became very popular in India .	4
Drake Well was listed on National Register of Historic Places and designated a National Historic Landmark in 1966 .	5
The essential function of calmodulin is at the SPB where it has been proposed to regulate binding of Spc110p to Spc29p .	7
See List of photo sharing websites for more examples like Flickr .	7
On the morning of December 21 , 1970 , actor-singer Elvis Presley shows up to the White House and requests an urgent meeting with President Richard Nixon .	6
The 2014 Egypt Cup is the eighty-second season of the Egypt Cup since its establishment in 1921 .	3
The following are the objectives of the ACSAP :	4
Produced and mixed by Richard Warren .	4
It was described by Breuning in 1959 .	3
It was originally responsible for the vermilion- , ochre- , and saffron-hued robes and mantles worn by Buddhist and Hindu monks .	7
Hawkins was born in Saint Joseph , Missouri , in 1904 .	3
Anderson and Chiu teamed up again in October 2011 for the film " Till My Heartaches End " .	4
Merrick occasionally finds signs of Pandit Baba 's scrutiny , but he can do nothing to act against him .	6
For every 100 females , there were 72.7 males .	3
The Bilioso is a river in the province of Matera in the Basilicata region of Italy .	4
Some series become formulaic with the same characters going over the same ground on the way to a final victory , but not this one .	7
It takes a person away from his religious and social duties .	7
They play their home games at Garber Field in Amherst , Massachusetts .	3
Senior internal audit managers need to manage the responsibilities of what different people want .	7
The initial sighting of the two Mexican brigs was at about 5 : 30 am .	5
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , of which , is land and is water .	5
As we put it , self-defense was ' the central component of the right itself . "	3
Later that day , a low-level circulation center formed beneath the wave and began strengthening .	5
Scudder attempted to reconcile the conflicting doctrines of Marxism and Christianity .	7
Among others , the Swiss politician , jurist and theologian saw glaciers as a possible solution as early as 1788 .	5
Rolf Singer transferred it to " Porpoloma " ( subgenus " Pseudotricholoma " ) in 1962 .	3
As do chief petty officers , senior chief petty officers take on more advanced leadership duties in their new paygrade .	3
On her first contract " Queen Charlotte " may initially have been under the command of Lieutenant John Drew , on the Newfoundland Station .	3
Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent :	6
With Michael Seidel he co-edited " Homer to Brecht ; The European Epic and Dramatic Traditions " ( 1977 ) .	4
That makes Jason avoid Gacy 's calls for a few days , making Gacy angry and suspicious that he is writing to another inmate .	6
Many businesses offering lodging and restaurants woo domestic and international tourists .	7
It is located north of downtown Eureka , at an elevation of 13 feet ( 4 m ) .	4
For example , the lowercase letter I retains its tittle in " ì " , " ỉ " , " ĩ " , and " í " .	3
As consequence , Rafael has flashbacks of his time campaigning with Victor in Burgos and the surrounding areas in June 1977 .	7
Dorcasta singularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	3
Continuing on a westward track , the forward motion of the hurricane decreased to 13 mph ( 20 km / h ) later on September 3 .	5
There wasalso a city derby in Dnipropetrovsk between Dnipro and Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih .	7
Kimball is the site of the first war memorial building erected in memory of the African-American veterans of World War I .	7
Low grade durum wheat semolina pasta ( " pasta di semolato di grano duro " ) and ( iii . )	7
Five bishops and one hundred priests were beheaded before his eyes , and last of all he himself was put to death .	6
As such the facilities for the crew were extremely basic .	4
The game features special guest appearances of Cory Doctorow , Bruce Sterling , Jello Biafra , Jason Scott , Bre Pettis and MC Frontalot .	3
I must add that had I known of such a thing I would have felt it my duty to make proper representations to the Holy See " .	7
She was left in the care of her grandmother .	4
Here is a slightly less trivial program :	5
Team for the 2015 Southeast Asian Games :	5
In a 2006 interview he stated ,	3
Originally a bass guitarist , he is now a diverse multi-instrumentalist specialising in wind instruments from around the world , including period folk instruments .	3
Under the new schedule , the station should be finished in 2003 in the shell , 2004 , a trial operation begin .	3
Ellen G. White died July 16 , 1915 , at her home in Elmshaven , which is now an Adventist Historical Site .	3
In 1730 an attack by the Sauk / Fox tribe nearly destroyed the Missouria , killing hundreds .	6
In 1974 he received the RAI Prix Italia for his radio play " Skriget fra Golgatha " ( English : " The Scream from Golgatha " ) .	5
The ceilings in most other areas are clad with ripple iron , some of which is concealed by suspended ceiling tiles .	6
This corresponds to a vote in which all are in favor .	5
All races were held in the United Kingdom .	3
He had been using subcutaneous injections of creosote for tuberculosis .	5
He also worked in Japan , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates .	6
" Empire Druid " was launched on 24 September 1942 and completed in November .	4
In the Great National Assembly , Totu represented Dragalina , Călărași County from 1980 to 1985 , and Dumbrăveni , Sibiu County from 1985 to 1989 .	3
According to " The Baltimore Sun " , the move was due to the shrinking size of the Polish community in Baltimore .	3
Sister Eugenia Logvinovna Lashnyukova ( 1891 , Mogilev , Russian Empire ) was an Orthodox ( later the Greek-Catholic ) nun .	5
Along with the San Juan Olympic Club , the Ponce Athletic Club was the first sports organization not affiliated with an educational institution .	4
The population density was .	3
The sub-national GDP of the North Island was estimated at US $ 102.863 billion in 2003 , 79 % of New Zealand 's national GDP .	6
He in fact finished fourth behind Derek Ibbotson , who set a new British record , Ron Delany and Stanislav Jungwirth .	7
Spens was knighted in 1943 , appointed a KBE , becoming Sir William , in 1948 and admitted to the Privy Council in 1953 .	5
" Coupe de la Ligue Final 2008 "	4
Commander of the Sacred Band was Georgios Kantakouzinos , former senior officer of the tsarist army – who was soon discarded by Ypsilantis .	4
He had three brothers and a sister .	4
It was established by Richard C. Banks and incorporated in Washington , D.C. in 1992 as a nonprofit organization .	4
Labour riots in 1937 led by T.U.B .	5
Webb entered training camp slated as the fourth cornerback on the depth chart .	7
New Beginnings : Living Through Loss and Grief	5
Kenny handed over charge to Fr .	5
Described by Carpenter in 1930 , the fossils of this species are only exclusive to the United States .	4
Learning it turns one into an unwilling traitor as it alters perception and thought .	6
Drums on 3 by Kev Bales .	3
This has been translated using Bhattolpala 's ( 10th century CE ) commentary as follows :	6
Chamaterò was born in Rome .	3
It is innervated by the median nerve ( C8-T1 ) .	4
had Miller playing a character named Officer Paisley .	7
" Col. Elijah Sterling Clack Robertson Plantation	6
There are currently 80 branches located throughout the State of California .	6
Blackfish pointed out that he had brought 40 horses to transport those unable to walk .	7
The landscape is dominated by farms and woodland .	4
Pontoon boat drafts may be as shallow as eight inches , which reduces risk of running aground and underwater damage .	7
Racing resumed on lap 27 with the top five remaining intact .	7
Each recipient receives a medal , a diploma and a cash prize that has varied throughout the years .	7
There remained some slight discrepancies in the giant planets ' orbits .	5
Following another skirmish with Nova , Blackout himself vanished into this dimension when he fell back onto the stabilizer during the battle , destroying it .	5
Popov was very close to making one of the biggest surprises ever in the Asian football in the world cup qualifiers against Qatar .	5
Colonel Sherman Tecumseh Potter appears in the " M * A * S * H " and " AfterMASH " television series .	5
As of the census of 2000 , there were 567 people , 214 households , and 105 families residing in the former town .	6
The Complaint of Books against the Mendicants	4
The Majmuna Stone with an Arabic inscription dating back to 1174 was possibly found in Xewkija .	6
It supports Intel and AMD x86 / x86-64 architecture .	7
Nicknamed " el Kaizer " , Sermeño played only 14 minutes during the 1970 FIFA World Cup .	4
Comics are respected and aimed at both child and adult audiences .	6
Assistance to local communities and grants for transportation-related projects , such as transit villages .	5
HMS " Verulam " was an Admiralty V-class destroyer of the Royal Navy .	3
Employee morale , in human resources , is defined as the job satisfaction , outlook , and feelings of well-being an employee has within a workplace setting .	5
Some notes in the album :	3
Completed in 1960 , it has 26 floors and rises up to .	5
Archimedes Russell , Architect was commissioned to expand the new Cathedral designing a new sanctuary and bell tower .	7
We ask everybody to send out thoughts and prayers of love and comfort .	7
PICA staff frequently publishes issue papers on financial and performance issues affecting the City of Philadelphia .	6
A ferry that formerly sailed between Molokai and Lāhainā Harbor , Maui closed operations on October 27 , 2016 .	4
Kachal ( ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr-e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .	3
The Japanese public was informed of the victory with overstatement of the U.S. damage and understatement of their own .	7
( 1961 ) , " Tähdet kertovat , komisario Palmu " ( 1962 ) and " Vodkaa , komisario Palmu " ( 1969 ) .	3
The source of orthodox education in Itele was primarily Christian missionary-based .	5
In 2009 , he was sacked by Racing following a 2-0 defeat in the Avellaneda derby .	4
Zdęgówko ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz , within Pisz County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
" Harrier Assault " was named the 84th best computer game ever by " PC Gamer UK " in 1997 .	3
Johnny " Bee " Badanjek is an American musician , singer , songwriter and painter .	4
Styles , Jeff Hardy , Kip James , Lance Hoyt , Monty Brown , Rhino , Ron Killings , Sabu , and Samoa Joe .	3
In July 2010 , they played their first show in 18 months at their spiritual home at The Arthouse , Melbourne .	3
Women 's informal collectives are crucial to improving the standard of living for women worldwide .	6
The mayor is elected for a four-year term .	3
Two difficulties are immediately obvious .	3
Those in need of medical attention preferred being treated by one of their own countrymen .	5
There is little openly published information on the device shipments of desktop and laptop computers .	7
Anon is one of the rare Christians in the Thai national team .	3
Nam-il meets an old friend ( Yim Pil-sung ) to trace the location of Hyun-seo 's call .	6
" jwalamai gan " ' , armed police camp , is a regional police training center .	3
The design for British Airways executive lounge won the Dutch Design award in 2004 .	5
He was wearing a deer-stalker hat and dark overcoat .	4
Many Goths converted to Christianity as individuals outside the Roman Empire .	4
It was abolished in 1934 , and divided between Buan and Tudweiliog .	5
A large number of villagers moved out of the village in search of better job opportunities and higher education .	6
His good friend Lefkon was also signed up as " Captain Black " .	3
Construction was supervised by local architects John Hall & Sons and interrupted by the 1893 flood but was completed later that year .	4
Due to a combination of nerves , health , and a fondness for teaching , Galamian eventually gave up the stage in order to teach full-time .	5
It is located north of Redcrest , at an elevation of 154 feet ( 47 m ) .	5
It is found in Tanzania .	3
Rolleston was born in Christchurch in 1873 , the son of the last Superintendent of the Canterbury Province , William Rolleston and his wife Mary Rolleston .	7
They focus on the case of Japan ..	4
Women 's Competition Winners 2013 - 2014	4
The first man is " Blackie " Norton ( Clark Gable ) , a saloonkeeper and gambler .	3
Later that day , the storm became increasingly organized , with a symmetrical structure and a well-defined center .	4
For the trivalent compound this is not the case , thus the ligands themselves must be involved in the reduction process via the following redox reaction :	6
A marker at the Nutter Fort campus of West Virginia Business College ( formerly the location of Roosevelt-Wilson High School ) indicates where the fort was located .	7
SIx , and sometimes seven different shows are performed by the Goin ' Band over the course of a season .	5
Amanitoideae is a subfamily of the fungi or mushroom family Amanitaceae .	6
" The Tracey Ullman Show " regularly featured short animated cartoons as interstitials in the first three seasons .	3
Therefore , the test helps in identifying the necessity of administrating antifibrinolytic drugs .	6
The song also features a remix featuring British cartoon group Gorillaz .	7
MRL creates mostly original and some licensed consumer line products for companies and individuals .	6
Twiggy recalls : “ Leonard hung one of the shots in the lobby of his salon and I went back to school .	5
They created kinship between anyone who deigns to get involved " .	7
This consensus was formally signed in 2003 by Argentinian President Néstor Kirchner and Brazilian President Lula da Silva .	3
This is located on the Bedford School estate and many facilities are shared .	5
Her brother , Andrew Keenan-Bolger , also graduated from the University of Michigan with a BFA in musical theatre in 2007 .	4
In accord with the tax regulations governing nonprofit corporations , Pioneer does not fund individuals ; under the law only other nonprofit organizations are appropriate grantees .	6
More than 540,000 teens from 72 countries took the exam .	5
" Fells Acres Day Care Center preschool trial	6
The show also airs on free streaming TV station Pluto TV .	7
His next fight was against José " Pambelito " Cervantes , who had fought for the WBC 's super bantamweight championship five years earlier .	6
Enzo Pineda came in first with his sing and dance performance to the medly of Jay Sean 's Down and Do You Remember .	7
He suggested she write a book , which she did .	5
It also features two amber glass panels .	4
In 1954 , comedian Jackie Gleason chose them and their band as the summer replacement hosts for his weekly CBS Television varitey series .	5
2010 Supertaça Compal Top Rebounder	3
The racial makeup of the town was 94.34 % White , 4.72 % Native American , and 0.94 % from two or more races .	5
Apart from his work as a writer of his own accord , Anders Westenholz has also worked as a translator .	7
The village has a population of 1,555 .	4
Emergent works began to demonstrate atmospheres of nostalgia and memory .	6
Lists of the most prescribed texts in Indian universities in various disciplines are generated out of the Knowledge Text Module , another major facet of NTM-databases .	5
He challenged seven other swimmers on the second heat , including Olympic veteran Vladan Marković of Serbia and Montenegro .	5
The village has had a mill since Saxon times and one was recorded in the Domesday Book however this was probably located further downstream .	4
Over the next several days , as the hives are reopened , the bees return to the old hive along with their new queen .	4
Constructed at the expense of Cosimo dei Medici , the project began sometime between the years 1437 and 1438 .	5
Completing all orientations leads to the compound of five cubes .	5
The transmission had four forward gears and one reverse gear to drive the front-mounted drive sprockets .	5
The village has a population of 120 .	4
The is a railway line in Osaka , Japan , operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR-West ) .	5
Svetlanka tries to prevent the growing relationship between Serena and Luka .	6
It is 150 feet ( 46 m ) long , 83 feet ( 25 m ) wide and 130 feet ( 40 m ) high .	4
Opening books aid computer programs by giving common openings that are considered good ways to counter poor openings .	7
She is a literature graduate and used to write poetry when in school and till recently on fashion and travel .	7
Superman appoints them honorary Justice League members .	4
The exact amount was not disclosed , but Chiquita 's annual report mentions " a cash settlement in excess of $ 10 million " .	7
Barton was forced out , and new leadership established a more professional and bureaucratic organization .	7
Liverpool 's lead was short-lived as Leeds equalised eight minutes later .	6
Its growth during this time has been promoted by government policy ( both state and federal ) : the industry being heavily protected and regulated .	5
Her first season on the World Curling Tour was 2005-06 .	5
Teresa became famous and Ricardo returns to the pinnacle of success , the hazy past seems to have been left behind .	5
The felucca sent over a boat with six men , and ordered Harrison to come to the felucca to present his papers .	6
The community was once marked by a house and general store on Slidell Road owned by Richard Thompson ( 1796-1874 ) , a local farmer .	7
The ironworks was close to Arppe 's lands and the owners had made mining claims in lakes which were inside Arppe 's forests .	7
Omigapil also prevents the death of nigrostriatal dopaminergic neurons in monkeys treated with MPTP to mimic Parkinson 's disease symptoms .	6
Snake Hill Wildlife Management Area - State Area in the Cheat Lake area that provides hiking , hunting and views of the Cheat Lake area .	5
Other paintings of note are : " The Curious ; How will it end ?	4
Nu Skin Enterprises is an American multilevel marketing company that develops and sells personal care products and dietary supplements under its Nu Skin and Pharmanex brands .	6
Some 16 Persian pioneers were expelled and five native Bahá 'ís were banished to the Saharan desert and eastern mountains in November 1968 .	6
16 OCT 2004 Brasil 17 - 22 Paraguay	6
Anosov ( masculine , ) or Anosova ( feminine , ) is a Russian surname .	5
Continuing in its reserve role , the station housed Northumbria University Air Squadron , No .	7
In September , Tamura attempted to become a double champion , when she teamed with Ofune in the Itabashi Tag Team Championship tournament .	7
Pieces consist of men and kings .	5
Advancing glaciers eroded large steep-sided valleys , and often carried piles of moraine ( rocks and soil ) that acted as natural dams .	7
Decommissioned due to age 20 November 1917 .	4
1,23,000 / - to meet the recurring expenses .	4
Here ’ s a look at some of the new features for the Mugen Seiki MBX8 .	7
In season 3 , after having graduated from Fukuhara High , he becomes the coach of the school 's Vanguard Club .	5
In 1998 , Ennis was given command of the Joint Intelligence Center of the United States Pacific Command .	7
2008-2009 : Hilliard Bradley & Olentangy Orange join league .	7
This is also the case for EMC made from natural pozzolans ( e.g. , volcanic ash ) .	4
Mikhail was arrested for a couple of days by the Bolsheviks , but released because of disagreement among the people who detained him .	7
The YouGen.tv website is an app platform provided and developed by Vergence Labs for Epiphany Eyewear users .	7
Retelling the story of designing the car , Oros said :	6
The school is the only high school operated by the Carbondale Area School District .	5
Use of the marine sandglass has been recorded since the 14th century ; The written records about it were mostly from logbooks of European ships .	5
Congo , Democratic Republic of the Zaire	4
The exact songs played on the tour are unknown .	4
Beginning in the fall of 2009 , Egglesfield portrayed chef / surfer guy Auggie Kirkpatrick in The CW 's 2009 series " Melrose Place " .	7
The Medea is a 1904 steam yacht preserved in the Maritime Museum of San Diego , United States .	6
To the north of the Ore Mountains , west of Chemnitz and around Zwickau lies the Ore Mountain Basin which is only really known geologically .	5
The Prime Minister could not stand in the elections , and had to carry out the agreements reached , in particular :	5
This cross is by the side of the road from Moretonhampstead to Two Bridges , about 900 metres north-west of the Warren House Inn .	7
The song was the first to be recorded by the band with lead vocals by David Gilmour .	6
Derby founded also the first Botanical Gardens in São Paulo ( " Horto Botânico " ) .	3
Basketball , Bowling , Competitive Cheer , Cross Country , Soccer , Softball , Swim & Dive , Tennis , Track & Field , Volleyball	3
TISM used the name " Machiavelli and the Four Seasons " , among others , to book secret concerts in 1994 .	4
It was located at the confluence of the Klamath and Salmon Rivers , at an elevation of 515 feet ( 157 m ) .	6
" Norholm " arrived at Oran on 22 May , departing that day for Port Said , where she arrived on 28 May .	6
" Blackpool & amp ; Fylde Aero Club v Blackpool BC	7
Around 1917 he produced a publication entitled " Stone Kingdom Herald " .	6
Arnada entered cinema in 2000 , producing several films for Rexinema .	4
The village has a population of 231 .	4
Before 1945 , the area was part of Germany ( East Prussia ) .	3
None was terribly interested , as at the time cryptography was not widely considered important outside governments .	4
In this case cooking oil , rather than gun oil , acts to displace water and prevent rust .	6
The merged company acquired the WBKB call letters for channel 7 , which would eventually become WLS-TV .	5
The following species are considered at least provisionally valid by the International Legume Database & Information Service ; some notable subspecies are also listed :	5
The drive had taken just 55 seconds off the clock , and it appeared that Virginia Tech still had a chance to make it a close game .	7
To date , Eleven James has secured $ 38.12 million in funding from both private investors and corporations including BoxGroup , Kenny Dichter , and Jason Saltzman .	7
Mason is located at ( 39.019760 , -82.030952 ) , along the Ohio River .	3
The software used to prepare and disseminate it is open-source .	5
The hall has been situated there since 1931 and has been renovated time and again .	5
Lance Corporal Charles Jarvis , Royal Engineers , was a resident of Carnoustie from 1889 until he joined the army in 1899 .	4
Unfortunately , Kidd 's pieces failed to have a lasting impact on the art world .	5
He played college football at UCLA .	3
" 130 mm air defense gun KS-30	6
There are several air ambulance and rescue helicopter services operating throughout the South Island .	5
He would later relate that the first paragraphs came to him with " every word in place , every comma , every period fixed . "	5
Het Nederlandsche Meisjesgilde had the same emblem with an eight-point star but with the letters NMG .	3
1911 was the first year in his professional career in which he collected more than 100 hits .	7
From there he was stationed at Headquarters Marine Corps , where he eventually served in the Office of the Commandant of the Marine Corps .	7
Rossi is a retired boxer who retired after having killed an opponent in the ring .	6
It lies approximately to south of Stawiguda and south of the regional capital Olsztyn .	6
He was the Deputy Force Commander of the ECOWAS Ceasefire Monitoring Group , ( ECOMOG ) in Liberia from 19 August 1994 to 30 September 1996 .	3
The album peaked at # 35 in the Dutch album charts .	6
Veins 6 and 7 stalked .	5
The blue forests programme is designed to incentivise community-based conservation of mangrove ecosystems in western Madagascar .	5
Gambee was drafted by the St. Louis Hawks in the first round ( 6th pick ) of the 1958 NBA draft .	5
Formally a mixture model corresponds to the mixture distribution that represents the probability distribution of observations in the overall population .	5
Documentation is disjointed and very fragmented , focusing primarily on the city-state of Athens .	6
There is also a church in Dåstrup .	4
In the early 1990s a new internal layout was introduced in the wooden boats ( the " Series 2 " ) , with built-in underfloor buoyancy .	3
Before its release , numerous fake versions of the album showed up on Internet websites , just as had happened with the previous three sets .	4
Those two prior organizations were :	3
Magid , Larry CBS News Technology Analyst	6
These national gods stood alongside the personal gods , that is , the patron gods who took a special interest in an individual 's personal well-being .	6
Around a fifth of the births registered in the parish in the mid-18th century are listed as being in the Carnoustie estate .	6
He died in April 1962 , aged 83 , whereupon the barony became extinct .	4
She then asks Topher , that if she is ever to be awoken again , that he not bring back memories from this day .	4
The village has a population of 451 .	4
Small animals are ready for cooking , although they may be disjointed first .	3
Hence formula _ 3 if and only if :	5
Plays written and directed by Sachin Gupta "	5
The educational department takes part in Lifelong Learning Programme 2007 – 2013 in Finland .	7
It was first released online on iTunes , Spotify and Spinnr on October 30 , 2015 , and was released on CD on November 11 , 2015 .	4
He has been portrayed on a recurring basis by George Alvarez since March 30 , 1999 .	3
Through 2017 he was senior reporter for climate change at the independent investigative newsroom ProPublica .	4
The mountain park looked more like a logging camp than a nature oasis for many weeks .	3
Also , during the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards in September 2009 , Hodgman provided color commentary with made up trivia about the winners .	4
On September 3 , 1940 , Admiral Harold Stark certified that the destroyers were not vital to the security of the United States .	5
In Novgorodka , it has access to the M20 highway which connects St. Petersburg and Vitebsk via Pskov .	7
The other half in that particular pot competed in the second semi-final on 24 May 2012 .	4
The playfield includes grounds for Hockey , Football and Cricket and courts for Tennis , Basketball and Volleyball .	7
Signs that tell a driver of a need to stop and rest	7
Kangaroo then attacked Tombstone 's friends , before hearing about a way he could revenge himself upon Tombstone proper .	6
Huanggangcun station ( ) is a Metro station of Shenzhen Metro Line 7 .	3
" Starfish " was one of ten destroyers ordered by the British Admiralty in December 1915 as part of the Seventh War Construction Programme .	7
Black with her husband Bobby Willis then joined Mackay to finalise the song selection and lay her vocals .	6
The British therefore had to draw on its reserve army of labour in India , to man its lucrative new outpost to the south .	6
A taskmaster is a supervisor who imposes hard or burdensome work .	6
By the May of that year , support from Malaysian company Pan Global saw him drive in the V8 endurance events at Sandown and Bathurst .	5
The band covered songs by Minor Threat , T.S.O.L. , Dirty Rotten Imbeciles , D.I. , Verbal Abuse , Dr. Know , and The Stooges .	3
It also could be generated in the frontal and motor areas .	4
Kurtz was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-second and Thirty-third Congresses .	6
The Lingshui River ( ) is a river in Hainan Island , China .	3
Grantsville is located at ( 38.922921 , -81.094920 ) .	3
The militia fought the supporters of President Pascal Lissouba in the 1993 – 94 armed conflict in the Congo .	5
From the mid-13th century onward , the legend was widely disseminated and believed .	3
" Dirty Gold " is an American band from San Diego , California .	3
Following the Lemuria , Mercury and Maia received a joint sacrifice during a merchants ' festival on the Ides of May ( the 15th ) .	4
Yamamoto remains calm during life-or-death struggles .	4
Baca also played in seven games for the club 's second team , Cruz Azul Hidalgo , playing in Ascenso MX .	4
In December 2017 , he again served as associate coach of Team Canada at the Spengler Cup in Davos , capturing another title .	4
Two of the greatest hindrances to this type of research were the unavailability of historical congressional district boundary maps and historical congressional election maps .	6
He was also the General Manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins from July 1975 to December 1976 .	3
A beautiful park designed by French landscapers surrounded the house .	5
Very little is known about Garamond 's life or work before 1540 , although he wrote in a preface of having cut punches for type since childhood .	6
As of 2014 , listed companies were :	5
Krikor Torosian ( , 1884 – 1915 ) was an Armenian satirical writer , journalist , and publisher .	3
The character on the television show was an anesthesiologist from Australia , often depicted wearing an Australian Slouch hat .	5
The nine-member Committee targeted offenses committed under the criminal anarchy articles of the State 's Penal Code .	6
Windows Mobile was projected in 2005 to overtake Symbian to become the leading mobile OS by 2010 .	6
Since 1968 there is little information on the religion .	4
Originally titled " Inside Popnology " , the CHUM Television-produced program quickly became " Webnation " .	4
They have one child , a son , Leslie II , who is currently attending law school in North Carolina .	6
The troops who were placed in the barracks were evicted by a straightforward assault by French troops who were led by Lieutenant Colonel Walter Stapleton .	7
Their design though used a single fire-tube , folded in three .	5
Every season it appeared renewed , growing like a living body .	6
Chieri railway station ( ) serves the town and " comune " of Chieri , in the Piedmont region , northwestern Italy .	4
The review covers both the civil and criminal jurisdictions .	5
Jobs ran NeXT with an obsession for aesthetic perfection , as evidenced by the development of and attention to NeXTcube 's magnesium case .	7
Basel thus also achieved their second aim .	4
Scientists believe the melting unearthed the frozen carcass of a reindeer that died in the previous anthrax outbreak in 1968 .	7
Hossack 's first invention was his 2 stroke engine , inspired by the Wankel engine which was the holy grail of the automobile industry at the time .	4
What mattered was whether attendees or non-attendees covered those costs .	5
Participants were presented with sentences relating to hand or foot actions .	7
Commander Williams , a psychiatrist who helped him work through his emotional traumas .	6
However , a subsequent refinement to the original design described in US Patent # 2,474,994 describes this feature .	7
In 1877 , Clarksburg became one of three cities from which West Virginia voters would select their new state capitol .	7
Membership declined steadily as vacationing trends among the wealthy changed .	7
The Rolling Stones saw us play at the Brave New World , and they recorded a long song on their next album .	4
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .	7
" De La Salle Zobel Symphony Orchestra	6
There artists and writers would gather to discuss social and political change .	7
The film stars Bob Steele , Lois January , Forrest Taylor , Charles King , Karl Hackett and Bobby Nelson .	3
H7 State and Local Government • Intergovernmental Relations	6
" Servicio de Inteligencia de la Fuerza Aérea	6
The proprietors were John Temple Sagar , Samuel Lazar and J. M. Wendt .	3
The sea slug feeds on " V. litorea " , retaining the chloroplasts in storage in cells along the slug 's digestive tract .	6
Her works show an interesting blend of traditional meditative lyrics and the popular genres of the day and her strongly Puritanical views .	7
He continues to coach with the Jersey Shore Boca soccer club .	7
" Lahore Ke Rang Hari Ke Sang	6
It is spoken by about 157,000 people .	4
The Computer Museum may refer to :	3
These sixteen local areas ( communes ) were declared as Municipalities and administered by Mayors and the Councils .	6
The influx of workers needed to secure the Southern border would be in the thousands .	7
Wałdowo ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .	4
This changes the surface abundance of helium , carbon , nitrogen , and oxygen .	5
By the 1960s , Williamsburg Pottery was the largest U.S. importer of home goods from Asia .	3
It has a large mouth with two rows of small , arrow-shaped teeth on the upper jaw and one row of teeth on the lower jaw .	6
There were only 145,836 Florians produced during the 15 years of the model 's existence .	7
Additionally , three Syrian pilots are known to have attained ace status while flying the MiG-21 .	5
" Nicaragua at the 2011 Parapan American Games	5
Matisse and Picasso were subjects of early essays , later collected and published in " Geography and Plays " and " Portraits and Prayers " .	6
Its building , which was designed by architects Grunsfeld & Klaber , was completed in 1927 .	7
In his late teens , at the instigation of Tyndall , Hirst decided to go to Germany for education , initially in chemistry .	4
His nationwide newspaper empire was taken over by Alfred Hugenberg in 1916 , and later by Max Amann ( Franz-Eher-Verlag ) .	3
In the 2006 Queen 's Birthday Honours he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire for his handling of the investigation .	7
For the 6th ceremony held in 1934 , the eligibility period lasted from August 1 , 1932 , to December 31 , 1933 .	5
At the end of the 1980s , together with fellow musicians from Nerez , she studied also at the Prague Conservatory .	5
This information is updated at least every six hours .	5
On 3 November 1940 , the Vichy government ordered all " préfets " to dismiss left-wing elected mayors of towns and villages .	6
In December 1991 he moved back to Exeter City on a free transfer , having played 116 league games and scored 26 league goals for the Gulls .	6
Criticisms included the lack of a help file or preferences menu .	6
They are held singly on long stems , generally well above the pitcher traps to avoid the trapping of potential pollinators .	6
Sean Murtagh , CNN vice president of finance and administration , was the first network employee on the air .	6
She 's rescued by the cargo ship , but is now possessed herself .	3
Salad restaurants were earning more than $ 300 million in 2014 .	4
Others include Morro Rock and Hollister Peak .	5
Crowns worn by rulers often contain jewels .	5
Examples of auction komi systems include :	5
It lies approximately east of the regional capital Olsztyn .	5
He was drafted by the White Sox in the 1st round ( 4th overall pick ) of the 1967 amateur draft .	3
A native of Albany , New York , Doran attended Villanova University where he earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree in history .	5
In 2013 , the claims were settled upon an agreement to establish a $ 765 million fund for the benefit of the former players .	7
Nissan also built the 4W60 Patrol , based on the Willys Jeep , and the 4W70 Carrier , based on the Dodge M37 .	3
" Charles Maitland , 3rd Earl of Lauderdale	4
Unofficially the tribunal chastises both men for failing to resolve the issues between them .	7
[ citation needed ] The Durgin Educational Center housed Kehl Arena , the athletics department , and the animation lab .	4
Students learn information about the Monterey Bay Sanctuary 's characteristics and marine life and habitats .	6
scope = " col " colspan = 2 rowspan = 2 style = " width : 12em ; " | Party	3
Bower said that she was aware that viewers would be disappointed that one of the Ramsays was leaving already .	7
In exchange , BW gained 33.5 % of DHT 's stake .	5
Automated Testing Framework or ATF is a testing framework originally created for NetBSD as a Google Summer of Code project in 2007 .	5
Diabaté has a plethora of experience in contemporary and popular music .	7
