Early versions of this service was originally deployed as " Bell ExpressVu for Condos " to get around restrictions regarding the mounting of satellite dishes .	regarding
This route still exists as a bypass from Susanville for north / south motorists , but it is no longer signed as such .	exists
The first system , Subtropical Storm Andrea , developed on May 9 , while the last storm , Tropical Storm Olga , dissipated on December 13 .	storm
Additionally , highly developed bone or cementum is more likely to be present when the peripheral ossifying fibroma has existed for a longer period of time .	existed
His followers considered him the king of the sky , and the supreme object of devotion for all religions .	object
Her father died in a traffic accident when she was eight years old .	accident
Subsequently , Karam settled down in the village of Bnachii with his 800 armed fighters .	armed
Martin Mere was formed at the end of the last Ice Age , when water filled a depression in the glacial drift .	filled
The hamlet of Múnter and its church of St. Stephen appeared in documents for the first time in 929 under the name " villa de Montari " .	documents
However , the rate has increased significantly in recent years .	significantly
You can 't do a dream sequence ( with her and Clark ) or any of that sneaky stuff . "	sequence
In addition to Ostrog , Feodor became owner of Korets , Iziaslav ( Zaslav ) , and other towns .	towns
LARC-Vs were used by the Argentine Marines during the 1982 invasion of the Falkland Islands .	invasion
Type-1 of which 200 units were produced and exported under the brand name , " Pixie . "	brand
The Mesopotamian cuisine has also similarities to the Persian cuisine and has common dishes and cooking techniques .	techniques
The laws in China are like that , aren 't they ?	laws
Abdal expressed his gratitude to Hasan , and asked what he could do for him .	expressed
Translation , poetry of Francesca Pellegrino .	poetry
Males had a median income of $ 26,294 versus $ 20,488 for females .	versus
Christian holidays are celebrated as national holidays .	celebrated
He has participated in many national literary seminars organised by Central Academy of Letters , India .	literary
He seems relieved that he was finally defeated , and is later picked up by Genesis .	seems
This change is due to a series of investment projects and economic giant in Suhar industrial area where Port of Sohar is located .	investment
The Army has churches located throughout the world .	churches
Sheffield also has many golf courses all around the city .	courses
A single Weber 36DCF carburettor was normally fitted , for a total output of 130 hp ( 96 kW ) though some used triple carbs .	output
In the second video of the series , Mubarak addresses an angry mob , ignoring their chants demanding that he step down .	step
The cars were successful in West Germany and in export markets including North America and Southeast Asia .	markets
To these documents that he has ravaged , he signs Washington Irving or , alternatively , Irving Washington .	documents
Both of his parents were skilled musicians .	musicians
These operated as independent units , each being identified by a suffix letter after the squadron number ( e.g .	squadron
Optus and Telstra trialled the 2600 MHz frequency in Australia .	frequency
The Cubs had high expectations in 2002 , but the squad played poorly .	squad
She was married to James E. Jackson ( 1914 – 2007 ) , an influential labor activist .	influential
The exhibit had to be protected by 24 / 7 security guards .	protected
In 1976 he won the Best Australian Actor category at the Logie Awards .	category
Oklahoma experienced its largest tornado outbreak on record , with 70 confirmed .	experienced
Even though she regarded him as a foreigner , novelist Fanny Burney wrote of Merlin with affection :	regarded
Niladri was conferred the Sangeet Natak Akademi 's Ustad Bismillah Khan Yuva Puraskar , awarded to young musicians , in March 2007 .	musicians
Evidently , organized youth athletics grew rapidly throughout the 20th century in America .	rapidly
David Mustard ( born 29 December 1959 ) is a former professional tennis player from New Zealand .	tennis
She also toured during these years in Sweden .	toured
Section 14 ( 1 ) of the Sexual Offences Act , 1957 , as amended in 1969 and 1988 , read as follows :	read
Steffi Graf was the defending champion and won in the final 6 – 4 , 6 – 4 against Chris Evert .	defending
Assisting with the recording was bassist Jah Wobble , keyboardist Miquette Giraudy , and guitarist Hillage .	guitarist
The word division basically means variation and describes the ornamentation of the melody .	describes
In 1949 , she still operated under the Panamanian flag ; but her owner was then Compania Naviera .	flag
Like string bogs , the so-called palsas frequently lie within peatlands fed by mineral soil water .	soil
The type of sentence determines how many processes need to be performed before a decision can be made .	processes
On November 7 , 2013 , the Cubs hired San Diego Padres bench coach Rick Renteria to be the 53rd manager in team history .	hired
Tensions quickly mounted between the growing numbers of Muslims and Jewish tribes , while Muhammad found himself at war with his native Meccan tribe of the Quraysh .	tribe
As early as 1828 , some in the General Assembly began calling for a new constitutional convention .	calling
The bonnet is a ' clam-shell ' design made from a single piece of aluminium .	piece
This village , especially during the rule of Nader Shah , enjoyed a certain reputation .	reputation
The peak is located between the Uhrocie Kasprowe and the Mała Kopa Królowa in the Western Tatras .	peak
The municipality has previously also been known as " Rengo " in Swedish documents , but is today referred to as " Renko " also in Swedish .	documents
God decided to create humans in order to see them live the Joyous Life .	humans
The slit exhaust was to prevent fires .	prevent
Though carrying the same name , the television channel and the newspaper are separate media projects .	carrying
The city 's water supply comes from the Newark Reservoir .	supply
I still had the strength .	strength
Several famous jazz conductors that used these specific batons include Quincy Jones , Gunther Schuller and Richard Rogers .	jazz
The PANDAS hypothesis is controversial ; whether it is a distinct entity differing from other cases of Tourette syndrome ( TS ) / OCD is debated .	distinct
Grad-level students are usually expected to have grades of 80 or above to graduate .	graduate
ECAD , Inc . , based in Santa Clara , California , was an early vendor of electronic design automation software .	electronic
The task of maintaining law and order within the King 's Court then devolved upon the office of Knight Marshal ( established in 1236 ) .	task
He died in Cairo of a brain tumor , and was buried at the Heliopolis War Cemetery , just outside Cairo .	brain
Although a publicity campaign took place in the months before , the film was denied release .	denied
Johnny suggests to Ashley that they " try again , " returning Ashley to her chipper self .	suggests
There is no separate quota for NOP candidates .	candidates
In the twentieth century reinforced concrete offered new possibilities for openwork spires .	concrete
He is also active in the arts as a collector , donor and board member .	arts
Despite little formal schooling , Chubb was well up in the religious controversies of the day .	formal
About of glass were used , although sources differ as to how much had been fitted at the time the building collapsed .	glass
He scored twice as Spain beat the Netherlands 3 – 1 in the play-off for the silver medal .	beat
The fascist group is led by a childhood neighbour of Griffin 's .	childhood
All the bells have been tuned on a lathe ; the tenor bell was tuned in 1903 and strikes the note of B ( 492 Hz ) .	note
This in turn was based on the personal name * " Zal " and would mean ' descendants of Žal ' .	mean
Llewelyn collaborated with her father in a number of astrophotographic experiments , including the production of some of the earliest photographs of the moon in the mid-1850s .	earliest
Wells , he had come to the earnest belief that the money " is not mine . "	mine
every link connects two nodes of different types , then formula _ 13 , which lies in general in the range formula _ 14 .	link
In his freshman season , Carter played in eleven games and started two , and tallied fourteen tackles .	eleven
Vaccination and religion have interrelations of varying kinds .	religion
Other languages spoken at home included Italian 20.7 % and Greek 2.1 % .	spoken
Melamine production in China has also been reported as using coal as raw material .	coal
Prager is one of the few physicians in the US to perform Dorsal Root Ganglion Stimulation for CRPS .	perform
Furthermore " katsila " is also used among those who speak Visayan languages , such as Cebuano .	speak
The dealer cuts the stock to reveal the trump suit .	stock
PC / 104 is sometimes referred to as a " stackable PC " , as most of the architecture derives from the desktop PC .	architecture
He rushes to tell Yonica at the wedding , and arrives there right before Walken destroys the building , accidentally killing himself in the process .	killing
Each frame is then downsampled to native resolution .	frame
The intake or bypass porting is 2 deep ports with 2 bypass booster ports on each bypass .	deep
Delegates may accordingly be dismissed from their post at any time or be voted out ( recall ) .	voted
Brewster combined a muted palette that highlights flesh tones with excellent draftsmanship to draw attention to the eyes of his sitters .	eyes
After 31 years of service , Plumb retired from the Navy with the rank of captain .	rank
Their attack , like most of the other Union attacks , was bloodily repulsed by Confederates who were in heavily fortified earthworks .	heavily
Its current mandate is derived from the Treaty of Institutionalization which was ratified on 16 November 1987 .	derived
He also made ODIs against Canada national cricket team on 3 July 2007 .	cricket
The bell has a faint outline of the Christian Celtic cross upon opposing sides and has an ornamental peripheral border .	cross
He seeks salvation from eternal damnation in Hell for a suicide attempt in his youth .	suicide
The homes on the lake were built as far back as the 1940s .	homes
He also became the highest drafted player in Grand Valley State 's school history .	drafted
Last of all came in 1817 a bundle of " Ethical Questions , or Speculations on the principal subjects of Controversy in Moral Philosophy . "	subjects
With the influx of migrant labours there are lot of jobs for them at Several Plywood and other manufacturing units .	manufacturing
Depending on the requirement either of the phases can be withdrawn as a product and the other phase can be recycled back as reflux .	phase
This is possibly due to feelings of jealousy , but it could just be because they now live in different houses .	possibly
In spite of worldwide protests , Sacco and Vanzetti were eventually executed .	executed
The book presents his life , character , and philosophy , in a series of verses .	philosophy
The 11th Pan American Games were held in Havana , Cuba from August 2 to August 18 , 1991 .	11th
Overall , the operculum bone became more triangular in shape and thicker in size over time .	shape
In 2010 and 2013 , Chilwell Sixth-Form students reached the national finals of the " Debating Matters " competition in London .	finals
They were not welcomed back in Germany , as they were regarded as traitors who had caused the death of their comrades .	regarded
" Agents of social change " and the struggle to interpret it led to frequent clashes between the radical and moderate CUP member papers .	papers
Their entry is in the neo-gothic style .	entry
He had recordings released on the Pama Supreme , Supreme , Trojan and Blue Beat labels .	recordings
He travelled to Dublin to meet with officials of World Rugby to seek guidance on the development of Rugby in Ghana .	officials
Lamar 's cousin , Nigel Harris , also played college football at South Florida .	cousin
As a municipal division , the district is incorporated as Novgorodsky Municipal District .	municipal
They were concerned that a mud brick construction would not survive the rain season .	brick
However , the improved Guelph Regals battled back to tie the game midway through the third period a 6-6 .	improved
It has a steep gable-front roof and wide cornice trim .	roof
De Panne also saw Millar gain his first multi-stage race victory since the 2001 Circuit de la Sarthe .	gain
There are two main types of printing plate materials : photopolymer and steel .	steel
After ten months he resigned and refused the salary .	resigned
Following this , both of them established friendly relations with one another .	relations
Goebbels refused to meet Furtwängler to clarify his situation for several months .	situation
Organizationally , they were without regular status , such as authorization for personnel and equipment or for promotions .	personnel
Sanjaks of Kars Eyalet in the 17th century :	17th
Sweden currently accepts more than half of all asylum applications from Iraqis in Europe .	applications
The larvae feed on " Arnica cordifolia " .	feed
Kenzer and Company has also made the Kingdoms of Kalamar the official setting of its own role-playing fantasy game , " HackMaster " .	setting
If the player could hold out long enough , Patton 's third army arrived to break the encirclement .	break
Historically , the term Chelsea Piers referred to the luxury liner berths on Manhattan 's west side from 1910 to the 1930s .	1930s
The British Virgin Islands competed at the 11th Pan American Games held in Havana , Cuba from August 2 to August 18 , 1991 .	11th
In 1959 Oliphant went to the United States and Great Britain to learn about cartooning in those nations .	learn
In 1934 , he resigned from the Malayan Civil Service and travelled the peninsula Malaya .	resigned
St. John examined the now 6000-sheet collection and authorized the purchase .	purchase
Nonetheless , McDonald had a few shining games , including an 18-point effort in 19 minutes off the bench against UMKC .	effort
The clerestory windows mainly have three lights .	windows
In 1375 , following the death of Patriarch Joanicius , Euthymius was elected to become his successor .	successor
While in the airport waiting for his flight back to Los Angeles , he decides not to return and reports back to training .	decides
Evidence of Native American activity prior to the arrival of Europeans has been found in Henlopen Acres .	arrival
The developers of the previously-closed Fashion Mall filed for bankruptcy in October 2014 .	filed
The song was used during the opening ceremony of the 2010 Commonwealth Games held at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium , New Delhi on 3 October 2010 .	ceremony
Typical intervals between natural fires are less than 40 years in most ponderosa pine forests .	forests
After many comical incidents Giorgio finds a luxurious mansion for rent at a ludicrously low price and is soon joined by Candida and her mother .	price
generally received positive reviews from English-language critics as light entertainment .	entertainment
Today it is used as meeting rooms available for use by community groups .	rooms
Its hotline was notable for being the only multilingual , round-the-clock support service available in the US and received approximately 40 000 calls per year .	calls
Some days are reserved for festivals , where every shop is closed and special events take place .	shop
The Naval Auxiliary Air Station at Santa Rosa , California , was part of a network of training airfields supporting Naval Air Station Alameda .	supporting
Produced by Shaikk Mastan , the film features Srikanth and Ravi Varma in the lead roles , with Kota Srinivasa Rao and Prudviraj in supporting roles .	supporting
Because of the crisis , he retirned to the United States to compete in the Major Indoor Soccer League from 2002 to 2005 .	compete
At Migennes the Yonne is crossed , and the small rivers Armançon , Brenne and Oze are followed upstream .	rivers
There are large deposits of iron ore here , of very pure quality .	iron
It has been held annually since 1964 .	annually
Her body was shattered upon jagged precipices on the bottom of a nearby cliff .	bottom
President Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga deemed the amendments in national security laws to be a threat to national security .	laws
Bojan took the number 9 shirt after Zlatan Ibrahimović moved on loan to Milan .	loan
Gordon put his # 24 Chevrolet on top of the charts with a lap of 117.937 mph .	charts
In June 1926 Frances lectured and staged a solo show of her linoleum block prints at the UCLA Art Gallery .	block
A strange reaction occurs , and Geperuniti begins to lose control of himself .	reaction
Every owner in some ways typifies the history of southern California during the period .	ways
Parkman had disappeared in November 1849 and Harvard professor John White Webster had been arrested for his murder .	murder
Inspired by Motörhead he began to channel his bass through distortion-effects .	bass
The official organisation for the original audax style is the Union des Audax in France .	organisation
" He thought all kings , emperors and nobility should be played by English actors , " said Dunne .	actors
This score , one of 2 first-class fifties he made , came against Essex in 1988 .	first-class
However , knowing Olsen 's drawing power , Liverpool management Mike Raymond and Frank Oliveri successfully pushed for his inclusion in the meeting .	successfully
( ) The transmitter was located a few blocks away at Reel and Schuylkill Streets .	blocks
The story revolves around a sport called " T-Crush " , similar to roller derby but with air blades ( hovering roller blades ) and fighting .	sport
During the purchase , Abramski falsely declared that he is purchasing the gun for himself .	purchase
Following his training , in 1836 he started working with William Bonython Moffatt , and they entered into partnership , initially specialising in designing workhouses .	partnership
On paper , they 'd beaten Napoleon and taken him prisoner and there in their study they worked it all out in the cleverest fashion .	fashion
It is very popular in Japan and is gaining popularity in Europe .	popularity
Trucks were used to dispose of the excess which rose to daily .	rose
Liu became the leader of the Shanxi General Command of Revolutionary Rebels , and seized power of the Shanxi provincial government on January 12 .	provincial
raises funds and awareness for microfinance services in Ghana , Malawi , Rwanda , Uganda , Mozambique , Dominican Republic , India , Nicaragua and the Philippines .	funds
They housed hundreds of families over several decades until they were vacated in 2002 .	decades
Zavalía was educated at the Escuela Manuel Belgrano in Santiago del Estero and studied at the National University of Córdoba where he graduated as a lawyer .	lawyer
It is documented that Kurultai were still in place in the years 1556-1557 , when they deliberated the question of voluntary inclusion of Bashkortostan into Russia .	question
Soon after Arthur Dallidet introduced him to Eugène Hénaff , who was responsible for the armed struggle under the direction of Tillon .	armed
The foremost reasons are disbelief both in Joseph Smith as a prophet and in the Book of Mormon as a religious and historical document .	reasons
Some examples include Mock trial , Student Council , Math League , Environmental Club , and Future Business Leaders of America ( FBLA ) .	examples
The Bila river flows past the settlements of Old and New Bila , with a length of approximately 35 km .	flows
In 2006 he revised and expanded the classic 1921 book " Chess Fundamentals " , by José Capablanca .	classic
A soldier comes to the door asking Sissy if he could borrow a match and then a fire breaks out .	door
Devotees believe that the kite is Garuda accompanying the procession .	believe
Landrieu had run unsuccessfully for governor in the 1995 primary .	governor
He was also associate editor of the journal Central Asian Survey .	journal
A monument commemorates the signing .	signing
It was concluded that the At2-MMP has a physiological role in mature aging tissue and the possibility of being involved in plant senescence .	concluded
EKCO ( from Eric Kirkham Cole Limited ) was a British electronics company producing radio and television sets from 1924 until 1960 .	producing
Darla turns to dust , but the baby remains and Angel picks it up , wrapping it in his coat .	turns
In September 2011 , Rozum debuted the " Static Shock " title as part of The New 52 event .	debuted
Peace returns to the Four Lands .	returns
Revelation of the application also raised the issue that the current chairman of NACF David Verey was until 2004 Chairman of the Tate Trustees .	application
Micropterix elegans is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Stainton in 1867 , and is endemic to Israel .	endemic
The Pennsylvania State Athletic Commission ( PSAC ) sought an injunction against " Celebrity Boxing " promoter Damon Feldman , of Delaware County , Pennsylvania .	sought
In the unrated cut , the Predalien is shown actively wiping off its final molted skin at the film 's start .	skin
Zena Markos joined St. Hanna ’ s Monastery in Debre Sina to learn the Divine Liturgy from scholar Memhir Abba Wolde Semaet .	learn
This species is an important link in the food web in many ecosystems .	link
On " Billboard 's " Hot Country Singles chart , it was his seventh out of 17 career chart toppers , spanning from 1976 through 1990 .	seventh
The population was 4,950 at the 2010 census and its population has grown since 1990 .	grown
In early October 2012 , Nunes was named in the South Africa squad for friendlies against Poland and Kenya .	squad
After everyone is dead , Becky orders Alex to share the footage of her rampage with the world before disappearing .	orders
DE 20 comes to its eastern terminus at an intersection with DE 54 west of the town of Fenwick Island .	intersection
Between 1866 and 1870 , Eddy boarded at the home of Brene Paine Clark who was interested in Spiritualism .	interested
In July 2006 , the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles were implemented .	cards
Drummer Sam Loeffler told 99.3 The Fox that this song 's subject matter reflects the quirky themes of " Sci-Fi Crimes " .	matter
People talk about how horrible it is to be brought up Catholic , and it 's all true .	talk
Subsequently , Takata attracted other disciples around him , who spent their time in meditation and the study of koans .	attracted
He assumed charge of Darlington Academy in 1827 .	assumed
As the rift arrived , Galvatron stood before it and defied it ... only for his body to be swept up , and utterly destroyed .	stood
In 1982 , Joyce Chen Specialty Foods was formed to sell bottled sauces .	sell
She is well known for her work in the military intelligence wing of the army .	intelligence
The German ship outgunned all treaty-abiding cruisers with their guns .	guns
As the last lap began , El Guerrouj moved toward the front .	toward
I would say he 's got a good five to six more albums before I can really respond to him .	really
The Camargue produces primarily salt and mineral oil .	produces
Some of her pieces were exhibited at Copenhagen 's Nordic Exhibition of 1888 .	pieces
Upon his adoption into the " Julii Caesares " , Postumus assumed the name " Marcus Julius Caesar Agrippa Postumus " .	assumed
Gordon slowed with a flat tyre ( blaming Andretti over the radio to Derrick Walker ) , dropping from contention .	flat
That night , instead of dreaming about a current murder , he dreams about his past when he had just turned a vampire named Penn .	murder
" a godly gentleman and a lover of learning " ,	learning
DE 20 continues to an intersection with DE 17 in Roxana .	intersection
The line continued into South Boston and made a sweeping curve along a trestle west to downtown Boston and a terminal at Dewey Square .	downtown
Furthermore , much of this water is not properly disinfected posing serious health risks from water-borne diseases .	serious
" Mycoplasma genitalium " was discovered in 1980 from two male patients suffering from non-gonococcal urethritis at St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington , London .	patients
There are five such tests altogether , referred to in ASTM G85 as annexes A1 through to A5 .	tests
We see the family first descend into chaos and then learn to pull together for Maddie ’ s sake .	learn
But anonymous reporting is also important , as whistle blower protection is not granted in all countries .	protection
At first he is quite arrogant to the Sonic Diver pilots and looks down on the Sonic Divers which pisses off Otoha and Ryohei .	quite
The section of I-24 in Illinois was authorized for engineering by 1966 and authorized for construction by 1968 .	engineering
A new scheme was taken on in 2006 , when Year 7 officially became a part of the Senior School .	scheme
In 1921 , the bank sold shares to outsiders for the first time .	shares
This incident allegedly occurred before the Holloway disappearance .	incident
9066 , as well as the Department of Justice classifying unnaturalised Italian Americans as " enemy aliens " under the Alien and Sedition Act .	enemy
Ikki , though easy to miss the obvious , can be very adept when it comes to spotting small details .	details
Matching false windows were built into the south side of all the other stories .	windows
Skip lists were first described in 1989 by William Pugh .	lists
A second design , even more abnormal , was John Ericsson 's single-turreted , low-freeboard vessel .	vessel
He has gained most recognition as the front-man for black metal band Krieg ( 1995 – present ) .	recognition
Terminal 3 handles all international and some domestic flights to McCarran Airport .	domestic
( 4 ) for both the signal part and the noise part .	signal
In order to program the Scout , a user must enable " power mode " on it .	user
Immediately following the war , she gave credit for the plan to Capt .	credit
Before entering political life , he was a pastor and personal care worker at a nursing home in Rosthern , Saskatchewan .	entering
The Centrafrique Presse , was created by the government in 2001 to reflect the views of the ruling MLPC .	views
On October 30 Gambitious announced that the release would be delayed by two weeks and the game was ultimately released on Steam on November 18 , 2015 .	ultimately
In the Daulatabad fort , he found the area arid & dry .	fort
The Philadelphia abuses were substantially revealed through a grand jury investigation in 2005 .	investigation
The island covers an area of , and is located just northwest of the small island of Motu Oa .	northwest
In rebuttal to many critics ' opposition , Pickens insists his interest is more in the country 's future , than his personal wealth .	opposition
Sanborn and Eldridge consider James ' maverick disposal methods and attitude reckless , raising tensions .	methods
The production style is a deliberate artistic decision by Wintherr as " the atmosphere is the most important aspect .	artistic
Olga was only one of a few out of season tropical cyclones to make landfall .	tropical
It grows near streams in various types of rainforest .	grows
Success came quickly for Chung on the Hawaiian amateur golf circuit , including three victories at the Moanalua Championship and two runner-up finishes in the Hawaiian Open .	amateur
When Raymond was imprisoned for six months , a friend of the band suggested Psychedelic shock rocker Arthur Brown .	suggested
Furious , Angel violently attacks the room that surrounds them , truly distraught that after everything he went through , he couldn 't save Darla .	save
By that time , Shivani has changed her mind , after seeing the parents ' love for Anu , and spares her life .	mind
Although after Murat 's death Ibrahim allied himself with Venice , he didn 't fight against the Ottomans .	didn
With the song , " Alive , " she took part in the German selection to the " Grand Prix d 'Eurovision " .	selection
The war began when Edward Cornwallis arrived to establish Halifax with thirteen transports and a sloop-of-war on June 21 , 1749 .	establish
The club founded in 1997 to play semi-professional football tournament in Thailand until 2007 , they can promote to play in Thailand professional football league .	promote
Brakemen 's " doghouse " shacks were built on the rear tender decks .	rear
After the destruction of the Second Death Star , Ciena was badly injured and had to take long medical leave .	injured
In 1990 , the Canadian aircraft manufacturing firm Bombardier Aerospace purchased Learjet .	manufacturing
Deepstep Creek was so named on account of steep banks along its course .	banks
Even after he became a star with the Boston Celtics , Russell was the victim of racial abuse .	racial
The town has a total road length of this tanuku transport is to worste in buses .	transport
He pitched 8rd innings , and gave up only 6 hits .	hits
At the 2014 ESPY Awards , recognizing the greatest achievements in 2013 , the 2013 Iron Bowl won the award for " Best Game " .	greatest
But 1988 they were relegated from the 2.Division and playing ever since that time in amateur leagues .	amateur
At the time , Matador and Atlantic had a deal where at the least six albums issued by Matador must be released through Atlantic 's promotion system .	promotion
On 10 December , McDonald scored the only goal of the game against Brighton , after a defensive error from Casper Ankergren .	defensive
It also helps them to explore and respect the heterogeneity of European Culture and social traditions .	respect
As the name implies , this is a combination of a reverse and a flea flicker .	combination
with some UK being and one for France registered in March 2002 .	registered
He described the genus as containing a tree from Madagascar , but did not name the species .	containing
2018 Kela released the first of its kind beatbox sample pack on Splice , entitled " Killa Kela Body Parts "	kind
On May 1 , 1984 he pleaded guilty to the manslaughter charges and received a ten-year prison sentence .	charges
One of the many large active Roman Catholic parish churches is St Thomas of Canterbury and the English Martyrs , located on Garstang Road .	churches
His biggest run of the day was a 76 yards dash down the sideline to the one-yard line .	biggest
The asteroid 6398 Timhunter was named in his honor .	honor
The layout is compact , with elevation changes of more than 80 feet .	elevation
With westward movement brought many distinct ethnicities all with their own cultural traditions .	distinct
This book is considered a self-sufficient book for the study of Marathi novels .	novels
In the 20th century , a lot of guests attended in the castle tassels .	castle
The contest ended on April 20 , with Wagner Koop being announced as the winner .	contest
Tom Dalgety is a Grammy nominated record producer , mixer and engineer from the UK .	engineer
Some authors have considered it a subspecies of the woolly horseshoe bat ; since 1992 , is has usually been accorded full species status .	authors
If both enemy motorcycles are destroyed , the player moves to a night version of the same level .	enemy
Posthumously in 1998 , Chen 's contributions to cuisine were described in " Beard House , The Magazine of the James Beard Foundation " .	contributions
She also made history with her teammates who captured 14 out of 15 gold medals in dispute .	medals
The palace took 25 years to build and was completed in 1599 during the reign of Raja Man Singh I ( 1589 – 1614 ) .	reign
Seven years later , the now-Legends Football League made the announcement that they would expand to include a Nashville-based franchise called the Nashville Knights in April 2018 .	franchise
The song is a cover of a classic track by Argentine singer-songwriter Coti .	classic
It has been noted , however , that adaptation to oceanic habits , has induced in pseudotooth bird legs and feet features convergent to other seabirds .	bird
Yui Kamiji won the title , defeating Aniek van Koot in the final , 7 – 6 , 6 – 4 .	defeating
After returning to Malaysia he became a magistrate , and then president of the Sessions Court , before entering the corporate world .	entering
In 2018 , he acquired the Bertucci 's Company and it 's 59 locations , predominantly located in New England and the northeastern United States .	locations
Frederick " Fred " William Ongley ( 1879 – 1969 ) , a judge at the Compensation Court , was an elder brother .	judge
Dirk van Hogendorp ( 3 October 1761 : Heenvliet – 29 October 1822 : Rio de Janeiro ) was a Dutch officer and secretary of War .	secretary
His publications are primarily in Arabic and include :	publications
Smith discovered that lichens and Radiata ( coelenterates ) shared a similar biological mechanism in carbohydrate metabolism .	shared
MTV UK & Ireland was launched on 1 July 1997 as part of MTV Networks Europe 's regionalisation strategy .	strategy
the only place the steaks can still be purchased is at Trump 's various properties .	properties
The Canadian National rail runs south of Sutton and links with Toronto and Orillia as well as Northern Ontario .	rail
The inaugural meeting was attended by 50 senior professionals from the global renewable-energy industry , including high-level executives from Siemens , Vestas , Statoil and E.ON .	global
The region can be hit by rare events of heavy rain , such as in February 2006 or October 2015 .	rare
In July 2006 , they achieved a record high rank of # 196 but they fell back down to # 198 the following month .	rank
All sides of this pavilion are connected to several small rooms with open balconies .	rooms
Delvene Delaney ( born 26 August 1951 , Queensland ) is an Australian actress of soap opera and film , television presenter and singer .	opera
Hilda Mason , former D.C. mayor Marion Barry , mezzosoprano Denyce Graves , and Sweet Honey in the Rock member Ysaye Maria Barnwell .	mayor
On the slope opposite the mound is a monument to Wallace .	opposite
The rest of the group is brought into the back room , where Lee orders Fred and Gunn killed and Lorne to return to his work .	orders
She starred in the 1941 Nazi propaganda film " Blood-Brotherhood " and made other sporadic film appearances although much of her work was in the theatre .	starred
There has also been one trip to Russia and two to Brazil .	trip
For mobile phone services , all the concessions have been amended by successive government to last 25 years have gradually ended in 2015 .	mobile
Following the seizure of his servants and presses , Holt received the assistance of George Clinton and Philip Schuyler and opened the New-York Journal .	assistance
The water from Turyanchay is also used for irrigation purposes in Agdash and Goychay raions through the artificially built water canals .	purposes
This engine was only produced during 1955 and sold as a mid range sport engine for $ 5.95 .	sport
On the first anniversary he threw a major party in honour of the victory .	anniversary
A1 Team France started at the front of the grid for the 30 minute race , which began with a rolling start .	minute
The result , a song about her ex-boyfriend titled " Ghost " , was posted by Halsey on SoundCloud several weeks after it was recorded .	posted
Wu Zhi also drew his sword and insulted Cao Zhen by saying , " Cao Zidan , you 're not meat under a butcher 's cleaver .	drew
Maya escapes unharmed , but Kander is set ablaze and dies from the burns ... the secret of what he saw dying with him .	secret
On 11 July in North Belfast , the IRA launched a gun and bomb attack on a checkpoint guarded by a Saxon armoured vehicle .	vehicle
A man barges into the diner and asks for money , but shoots the cashier when he doesn 't react quickly enough .	asks
Segreto began by shooting actuality films .	shooting
Inc . ( Road Champs ) purchased the tractor trailer designs from Yatming and began marketing them under the Road Champs name in the 1980s .	designs
He is obsessed with increasing his power through various mystical artifacts and prophecies , and becoming a Monkey King .	increasing
En route , Aura teaches Flash to use a telepathic communicator to contact Dale .	contact
The name of the series was later revealed in January 2005 with the character designs coming a month later .	designs
The new completion date was projected for July 2004 .	completion
Jute is the major crop among others that is able to protect deforestation by industrialisation .	protect
The technique is not scalable or sustainable for large human populations .	technique
The bulk of the dust will not be in Earth 's path until the 24th century .	path
Tom Witochkin ( Greg Tuculescu ) is a former childhood friend of Jim 's .	childhood
The Margin of Safety is sometimes , but infrequently , used as a percentage , i.e. , a 0.50 M.S is equivalent to a 50 % M.S .	equivalent
It did contest the 1950 parliamentary elections , winning a single seat .	contest
Later that week , 343 announced that the prize pool was locked at $ 2.5 million USD .	prize
French is the main language of institutions , however .	institutions
Staff asked her to leave following the incident .	incident
Soye-en-Septaine is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
Shortly afterwards , the hospital was placed on the market , and sold in 2000 .	afterwards
Suhrkamp announced in February 2012 that it would publish a German translation of Robert Service 's " Trotsky " in July 2012 .	translation
After Hurricane Katrina , Hill 's interests in film expanded into archiving .	interests
Josh Guzdek ( born 23 April 1995 ) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays for the Sheffield Eagles in the Betfred Championship .	rugby
He was released after signing a confession and died of a heart attack soon after his release at age 47 .	signing
Knowledge of this gene 's function guided the infant 's treatment , leading to a bone marrow transplantation which cured the child of disease .	gene
The agency said that from resettlement countries , only Canada and Syria had taken Palestinians from Iraq in the past .	agency
Battery King was built by converting two of the four pits of the earlier mortar battery to concrete , with four mortars in each pit .	concrete
This makes it a candidate for occultations by the Moon and ( extremely rarely ) by one of the bright planets .	extremely
He and his family purchased Bristol Rovers in February 2016 , and immediately installed Steve Hamer as the club 's chairman .	installed
Benjamin Bonzi and Quentin Halys won the title , defeating Lucas Miedler and Akira Santillan in the final , 6 – 3 , 6 – 3 .	defeating
They have introduced a model of care through five Innovation Centers focused on areas of biomedical science :	focused
The Town has a full-time police force , whose command staff consists of the Chief of Police and a Lieutenant ( assistant chief of police ) .	full-time
She also studied composition with Mario Davidovsky at Columbia University , and computer music at Stanford University .	composition
The shaly sections act as a caprock to petroleum reservoirs .	sections
In 2010 the Brazilian foreign born population was 340,000 and only 12,057 ( or 4 % of ) persons obtained legal status .	persons
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international classification .	classification
The Beast says Angelus is a part of his master 's plans , but Angelus refuses to take orders and leaves .	orders
It could be said that it is the opposite of lateral thinking .	opposite
PA 739 meets up with Quadrant Route 2006 ( Log Tavern Road ) .	meets
Head coach Bill O 'Brien named Johnson the third cornerback on the Texans ' depth chart , behind veterans Johnathan Joseph and Kareem Jackson .	depth
In August 1942 he was assigned to the 9th Fighter Squadron , 49th Fighter Group based in Australia flying Curtiss P-40s .	flying
She also earned a master of arts degree from Nottingham Trent University in creative writing .	arts
It was widely unpopular and generally regarded as a bad idea at the time .	regarded
The South Shore Line is a commuter rail line from Chicago to South Bend , Indiana .	rail
In addition residents of the Lauderhill Middle School zone have priority for applying to the Lauderhill 6-12 high school program .	zone
Muhammad Mosque or Siniggala Mosque is the mosque built in the 11th century in Old City , Baku .	11th
On 1 July 1895 , two sections of metre gauge railway were constructed by English railway companies .	sections
" Wesson " took station in the screen operating in Kii Suido .	screen
He competed in the lightweight and welterweight divisions .	divisions
Air Guardsmen under Col. Gray were trained to throw 102 planes into battle within 12 days .	trained
Racing Club Vichy is a French semi-professional rugby union team .	rugby
And , further deliberation surrounds a woman 's rights under the 14th Amendment to make medical decisions about her own body .	14th
Cardiff University Students ' Union supports over 200 student societies and 60 sports clubs with more than 10,000 members .	supports
This range includes the following mountains and peaks :	mountains
The first flush tea of May will readily store in this fashion until the next year 's harvest .	fashion
Some of its characters are played by disabled people , rather than all of the disabilities being created through makeup or effects .	makeup
Johnson painted many portraits of emerging new English gentry .	painted
He also said that Iran will not jeopardize the interests of neighboring countries .	interests
Most of the industry disappeared towards the end of the century and many of its buildings were torn down to make way for modern ones .	ones
Embroidery in red or blue .	blue
The dam with the channel provides an ideal environment for the wildlife .	environment
The exterior is decorated with a series of blind arches which surround the entire building just below the roof .	roof
Five days before his death , Perk was admitted to the Corinthian Skilled Nursing Center in Westlake , Ohio .	admitted
In North America , Tokyopop licensed the series for an English-language translation .	translation
Adam Briscomb is an Australian actor , best known for his role as Adam Tate in the television soap opera	opera
Physical and chemical parameters include heavy metals , trace organic compounds , total suspended solids ( TSS ) , and turbidity .	chemical
Each item also has detailed background information available by right-clicking it .	background
It opened on 16 March 2017 as part of the line 's extension between Park Pobedy and Ramenki .	extension
The Greater Accra Rugby Association ( GARA ) is a Member of Ghana Rugby with the following Clubs affiliated to GARA :	affiliated
She has BFA ( 2000 ) and BEd ( 2004 ) degrees from York University in Toronto , Ontario .	degrees
His books have been translated into several languages , including French , Russian , Italian , Spanish and Portuguese .	translated
When split tones occur unintentionally , they are referred to as double buzzing .	occur
The nuns left the convent in 2009 and the building is now scheduled for demolition	scheduled
Of this work , she says , " The girls who come to the fair have an urge to know .	girls
Internally there are large cavities , many primary canals across and narrow secondary canals .	narrow
And as Chili drives off , he passes a billboard revealing that Elliott is the co-star of a new movie with Nicole Kidman .	passes
Mr. Rusch is determined to rebuild the house , never noticing that Onion John was uncomfortable and unhappy in his new surroundings .	determined
The distances for the short distance are ( 1.5 km swim 40 km cycle and 10 km run . )	cycle
Before normal termination the demonstration was ended by SA violently .	normal
If any one of the results is negative , then the assignment is invalid and does not contribute to the set of solutions ( recursion stops ) .	negative
In addition to plant roots , most forms of soil microorganisms need oxygen to survive .	soil
The Iranian intelligentsia united in calling for an example to be made of him .	calling
Category B events are allowed to be broadcast on pay TV provided there is adequate secondary coverage in form of highlights and delayed broadcast .	coverage
The society last for about two centuries before the people fell into wickedness again .	centuries
The German comic character Werner always greets with " Moin " .	comic
Paul Fonseca - bass guitar	bass
2002 - 1st place , Youth Go Championship in category under 12 , Prague ( Czech Republic ) .	category
Shares outstanding are all the shares authorised , issued and purchased by investors .	shares
He was one of the two winners in both elections , the other being M. D. Thyagaraja Pillai .	winners
One scene involves both the Europeans and the Native Americans singing " Savages " about the other group .	singing
The Congress of the Confederation opened in the last stages of the American Revolution .	stages
This scheme avoided the cost of a new double-track tunnel .	scheme
Free throw attempts , half : 20 , second half , at Golden State Warriors , March 14 , 2002	attempts
Because of excessive irrigation , Turkmen agriculture contributes to the steady drawdown of sea levels .	agriculture
The eyes are small , with black irises .	eyes
This train extends down into the middle section of the column , continuing halfway down the back of the bat 's head .	column
Though none of the Gravity Children require tuners , Spitfire still has a close relationship with her before his death .	require
He lives in Montreal being of French Canadian descent .	descent
Adjustable and variable speed drives may be purely mechanical ( termed " variators " ) , electromechanical , hydraulic , or electronic .	electronic
Referring to the chaos after the shooting , one parent remarked , " They just don 't have a system to handle this . "	shooting
Plant Scherer is the seventh-largest power plant in the United States by capacity , and the largest to be fueled exclusively by coal .	coal
Fred Hoyle noted that , even while the distribution of elements was fairly uniform , different stars had varying amounts of each element .	element
His face adorned many everyday objects , from banknotes to bottles of vodka .	objects
Australia , Sri Lanka and Pakistan toured India in 1986 – 87 .	toured
Either way , the British reaction to such an atrocity must have been clear to him .	reaction
The first flight of the UL was expected early in 2010 but had not happened by January 2011 .	happened
The other examples of public art in the High Street are building-height murals .	examples
Anthraquinone dyes are used for green and blue shades , e.g. , Solvent Green 33 , Solvent Blue 35 and Solvent Blue 26 .	blue
The article was widely circulated online and reprinted in full in several newspapers .	newspapers
The vessels have a full load displacement of .	vessels
The carefully chosen , all-white jury quickly returned a verdict of not guilty , much to the pleasure and expectation of the judge and the community .	judge
He is best known for his overall contributions to the field of computational fluid dynamics ( CFD ) .	contributions
Silverglate used Zehe 's case to argue against the 2001 appointment of Robert Mueller to head the FBI .	appointment
This also may have led to conflict with Caius , which led to his departure from the school .	conflict
During the chaos that occurred among the Samanids , Khwarazm was not affected by it .	affected
Figueredo has disavowed eugenics and racial inferiority .	racial
There are two common ways to test for a short :	ways
The eleven World Cups played to date have been held in five countries , with India and England having hosted the event three times .	eleven
Veciana was not active in Alpha 66 at the time of the shooting .	shooting
In July 1940 he achieved the rank of captain and was given command of the battleship .	rank
The dogs were wrapped in sheepskin coats and flown to Moscow alive , though all the mice aboard the capsule were found dead because of the cold .	cold
As a result of this instability , the players never settled sufficiently to gain the results required .	gain
Jha later moved to Delhi to pursue her postgraduate education , receiving her Master 's degree in History from Delhi University .	receiving
The early years of Test cricket saw a number of tours to Australia .	cricket
English all-rounder Ben Stokes damaged his hand by punching a locker in the dressing room after he was dismissed in the third T20I against the West Indies .	damaged
The book has been adapted to film twice , in 1963 and again in 1999 , both times under the title " The Haunting . "	adapted
There are three platforms which can be landed on and six stranded astronauts that need rescuing .	platforms
He died on the evening of 9 June 2017 at his home in Windhoek at the age of 92 years .	evening
The upper lip is everted and toothless gums are often visible .	visible
It is available with either conventional landing gear or tricycle gear and with a ballistic parachute .	landing
It then re-embarked , having sustained no losses .	losses
Gravely ill , he was being transported by plane to a foreign country for care .	plane
Peter Brenner , a Dutch-born German designer , has created a chair made from lollipop sugar – 60 pounds of confectioners ' sugar .	designer
The Presidential Standard ( Flag ) of the Republic of Azerbaijan ( ) is the official flag of the President of Azerbaijan .	flag
He subsequently grants her request for use of the Seventh Fleet , commanded by Grand Admiral Thrawn .	request
She lives and works in Tehran and is married to the Dutch journalist Thomas Erdbrink .	journalist
Selecting this will exit a game or a Wii Menu channel and return the player to the Wii Menu , where users can choose another channel .	users
Fried 's stepbrother , Benjamin Einziger , walked into one of their jam sessions , and joined shortly thereafter .	shortly
Starlet hits the soldier with a chair .	hits
Each has five toothed sepals and a saucer-shaped blue corolla with 5 lobes about 1.2 to 1.6 centimeters long .	blue
As mentioned , the core product directly affects customers ' interest level .	core
He raced towards the rear of the field and appeared to be struggling as Hokko Tarumae set a strong pace from African Story and California Chrome .	rear
Cook also played in numerous bands and was a rock and roll disk jockey .	bands
Any plate combination that is in use cannot be assigned as a vanity plate .	combination
Inland the ground was mainly meadow , cut by canals , dykes , drainage ditches and roads built up on causeways .	roads
Southern Dutch consists roughly of all dialects south of the river Meuse .	roughly
In patients with neuropathy , electromyography may reveal a sensorimotor peripheral neuropathy .	patients
Dai is the father of the Chinese nuclear micro-reactor .	nuclear
The per capita income for the city was $ 28,968 .	capita
If there are conditions that suit us , we will take that path " .	path
The lancet window on the south wall is of the Virgin Mary .	window
In September 1728 another issue again made too explicit an attack on the Walpole ministry and the royal family , and so the presses were destroyed .	royal
Levy also dealt very briefly with the fact that Nietzsche must have been aware of Stirner through the works of Hartmann and Lange ( discussed above ) .	briefly
Twitty urged that people not travel to Aruba and other Dutch territories because of what she stated were tourist safety issues .	safety
Dalseong-gun became part of Daegu Metropolitan City in 1995 , as part of a general reform of local governments .	reform
The TMF Awards are arranged by international television channel The Music Factory and have both Belgian and Dutch ceremonies .	arranged
Her wristwatch had stopped at 1 : 45am , leading the police to conclude that this was the most likely time of death .	stopped
The purpose of IAMP activities is to encourage discussion and development in the theory of military pedagogy .	purpose
Other information related to history , population , culture , art and architecture is included .	architecture
On 10 January 2006 , Durán was appointed at the helm of CD Foz in the fifth level , and managed to finish 16th .	16th
The checkpoints are supermarkets located in the city and are kept secret until minutes before the start of the race .	secret
Bootlegs & B-sides is a compilation studio album by American recording artist Ice Cube .	compilation
This prompted nationwide outrage that weighed heavily on Congress as it considered amending the Act in 1982 .	heavily
After considering the names Abdullah and Hassan , 20 of the 23 children voted in favor of the name Muhammad .	voted
A graduate of the Bucharest Sports Academy in 1966 , he defected to France in 1972 , requesting political asylum .	graduate
A later example is the movie " Dances with Wolves " where U.S. soldiers capture John Dunbar and take him as a prisoner .	capture
His best time was 14.06 seconds .	seconds
His entire musical collections were inscribed in the UNESCO Memory of the World Register in 2007 , as submitted by the U.P .	collections
A variant of the fifth generation F-series was produced until 1992 in Brazil for the South American market .	generation
KCC has still not implemented a working ccTLD infrastructure , something the North Korean government has had as a goal for several years .	something
If successful , they will join and take the spot as the new Shining Agency debut artists .	spot
However , later due to stress and many factors , King Taksin went mad .	factors
Eddy was badly affected by four deaths in the 1840s .	affected
During this period the Sultans produced practices such as child marriage and had lowered the status of women even further .	practices
In time it became practical for some people to have warfare as their sole occupation , either as a member of a military force or mercenary .	occupation
In the same year in June , VimpelCom also started Beeline mobile phone service .	mobile
The lineage that T 'sao-shan began did not last beyond his immediate disciples .	beyond
Being attached to the Army of the Tennessee commanded by Major General Ulysses S. Grant .	attached
The choice of a Georgian princess was unprecedented , and it was seen in Georgia as a diplomatic success on Bagrat 's side .	choice
Just as in the country as a whole , Streževo was heavily involved in Football .	heavily
These caterpillars can grow up to three inches ( 76 mm ) in length .	grow
This was a $ 305 million increase over 2013-2014 state spending and the greatest amount ever allotted by the Commonwealth for its public schools .	greatest
Joanna Hayes led through all the rounds , her closest competitor , Perdita Felicien .	rounds
When Glenda finds out about it from Tex , she goes after Deke , finding him after he was run off the road by crossing cattle .	crossing
The Society of Jesus was restored by Pope Pius VII in 1814 .	restored
The area was also known as " The Rocks " , and is located near the foot of present-day Seventh Street .	foot
The women 's event was a much later addition , being first contested at the 2000 Olympics .	contested
His championship record of 2.15 metres set in 1980 was improved already in 1981 by Georgi Gadzhev .	improved
In the 2009 interview , she said she had had an affair with Bruce Forsyth during this time .	interview
Located east of Lower Sherbourne Street , the 1.47 hectare park spans two city blocks .	blocks
and " Coaching : the Art and Science " published by Firefly Books , have been translated and published by the Russian Sport Federation .	translated
On August 5 , the entry list for New Hampshire was released , with the absence of Johnny Parsons in Blueprint 's No .	entry
Weygers ' premises were raided by the police and he and his tenant were obliged to give samples for DNA testing .	testing
Each discipline offers a range of courses from introductory-level , Honors , Advanced Placement , to student-designed independent studies .	courses
Our Children Foundation ( OCF ) is a non-profit organisation that provides free education for underprivileged children in India ’ s rural and semi-rural villages .	organisation
The country 's celebrity magazines were less derisive , publishing reports of her affable nature and competent school performance from those who knew her .	publishing
Tracking towards the west , the wave spawned an area of low pressure two days later which quickly strengthened into a tropical depression .	tropical
Camaralet is a white French wine grape variety that is grown primarily in Southwest France .	grown
During the 2007 legislative session , King served on the House Business Affairs and Labor Committee and the House Judiciary Committee .	session
In 2001 , Kang starred in the popular 150 episodes TV Drama aired on SBS TV titled Ladies of the Palace ( Yeo-in Cheon-ha ) .	starred
It became part of Normandy in the 10th century and is now in the region called Normandie .	10th
The West Virginia Building is a deep-red brick structure that looms over 4th Avenue .	brick
The curves formula _ 26 are not parallel curves , because formula _ 27 is not true in the area of interest .	parallel
He and his second wife separated in 1965 and were divorced in 1967 .	separated
Display items chronicle the early history of aviation in Southern Nevada .	items
Hunters have been using vegetation to conceal themselves perhaps as long as people have been hunting .	perhaps
If such a market develops , securities can be traded between interested clients at a discount from par value with accrued interest .	interested
On July 16 , 2014 , Flint Hills Resources acquired PetroLogistics , a Houston-based manufacturer of chemical and polymer grade propylene .	chemical
As an example , a shaft made of 303 stainless steel will form a tight fit with allowance of 3 – 10µm ( 0.0001 – 0.0003in ) .	steel
Gibbon stated that her vanity was accentuated while the gentle qualities of a woman were absent in her makeup .	makeup
The final ANILCA legislation , signed into law by Carter on December 2 , 1980 , established Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve from the national monument .	legislation
Upon learning of his victory , Comeau said :	learning
DFH2 0008 and DFH5 0001 are both preserved at the Beijing China Railway Museum .	preserved
Baszucki commented , “ Roblox ’ s mission is to bring the world together through play .	bring
The music of the film ' Ik Madari ' is by Pakistani musician Tafoo	musician
It had a budget of US $ 33 million , financed exclusively by Chanel .	budget
In 2008 , the SFUO supported the OCTranspo drivers strike .	strike
One advantage of using a role class in the case of the actor role is that the character qualities can be stored within the role .	advantage
He was defeated when he ran for reelection to the Quebec assembly in 1912 .	assembly
The film 's sequel , Khan Kluay II is named as Jumbo Gajah Biru and it is distributed and dubbed by Astro Entertainment Sdn .	distributed
Available modules comprise logging functionality , Blowfish encryption , user and channel management , away functionality , a partyline and more .	user
The primary campaign was hotly contested but not bitter .	contested
On the inner layer a similar pattern was carved , though this time a pole was added to the symbol .	pattern
It was thought to be the first time a " Micropterix " had been recorded on Cyprus and it is an endemic species of that island .	endemic
If " k " ≥ 2 , then formula _ 34 , and the unwelcome variable formula _ 35 disappears from the expression .	expression
Reigning champions Leinster were the opponents and a low-scoring game developed .	champions
These awards are issued following a test combining theory questions and practical swimming demonstrations .	questions
Therefore , this all-classical solo piano CD , recorded in late 1992 and early 1993 , should not come as a surprise .	piano
The municipality has previously also been known as " Bräkylä " in Swedish documents , but is today referred to as " Rääkkylä " also in Swedish .	documents
Sulpher is Vayne and Mana 's companion who transforms into Vayne 's weapon in combat .	combat
Alternative Brand Solution ( India ) Limited ( ABSL ) is the organisation which looks after this segment.ABSL is a subsidiary of ENIL .	organisation
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international classification .	classification
She has been influenced by eighteenth- and nineteenth century Italian and French painting traditions and well as by the realist Thomas Eakins .	influenced
In 1961 , Prechistensky District was abolished and merged into Dukhovshchinsky District .	merged
Consisting of players born in 1993 with a few born in 1994 , the squad made the final where they lost to Spain .	squad
Many H.323 systems also implement other protocols that are defined in various to provide supplementary services support or deliver other functionality to the user .	user
The IRA unit fired 56 shots from two AK-47 assault rifles and also threw a coffee-jar bomb .	fired
A water purification and reuse system was established to reduce liquid waste production and today the brewery recycles the waste byproducts of spent grain and yeast .	reduce
It consists of two steps : the first step is to select only the subset of DNA that encodes proteins .	step
It may reflect more efficient information processing , better attentional control , or the integrity of neuronal processes .	processes
The deck is wide between the rails , surfaced with wooden planks , supported by timber crossbeams suspended from double wrought-iron chains , and is distinctly arched .	wooden
Sunk on 13 August 1942 by E boats off Cape Bon , Tunisia at .	boats
" Anticosti " ( formerly " Jean Tide " ) was commissioned on 7 May 1989 with hull number MSA 110 .	commissioned
The siphonal canal is short and straight .	straight
Joseph Müller was executed by guillotine in Brandenburg-Görden Prison on September 11 .	executed
Praksis is a Marxist interdisciplinary academic journal related to social sciences that has been published in Turkey since 2001 .	journal
On 23 March 2009 Vodafone and O2 's parent company Telefónica announced a deal to share their existing networks in Ireland and rollout future infrastructure jointly .	existing
Williams played in the NFL hall of fame game in 2009 .	hall
Entrepreneurs soon developed more elaborate bathing facilities , featuring wooden troughs delivering water from hillside springs to bathhouses along the east bank of Hot Springs Creek .	wooden
In February 962 , he captured Anazarbos , while the major city of Tarsus ceased to recognize the Hamdanid Emir of Aleppo , Sayf al-Dawla .	ceased
So , there is no integer solution for the equation above .	solution
Nevertheless , gradually the technique dropped out of use .	technique
Ricardo de la Cierva y Hoces ( 9 November 1926 – 19 November 2015 ) was a Spanish historian and politician .	historian
This was interpreted as challenging the bumiputra status of the Malays , and led to calls for Lee 's sacking by members of UMNO .	calls
An increase of moisture in monsoon prone areas could be catastrophic as massive floods could follow the large amounts of rain added to preexisting rain from monsoons .	follow
However , he didn 't give up teaching his children and some the public on non-regular basis .	didn
They have also come second in the Europeans top section for 3 consecutive years ( the latest 2 have also won best soloist ) .	consecutive
The nearest rail services may be accessed at Westport railway station approximately 15 km distant .	rail
When used excessively , topical anesthetics can cause severe and irreversible damage to corneal tissues and even loss of the eye .	severe
festivities included author Jay Barbree who delivered an oral history of the early days .	delivered
The eyes are small and immediately followed by much larger spiracles .	eyes
In 2007 , it was changed to the Humana Distaff Stakes , and is now run under allowance weight conditions .	weight
The Sauer S 2500 is a family of four stroke aircraft engines certified according to JAR 22-H ( CS-22 subpart H )	engines
All rooms are single seated for the students .	rooms
Cohen also notes that the concept of simultaneously telling two stories set in different times was inspired by " The Godfather Part II " .	notes
Its finishing attack is the with its enlarged flaming .	finishing
deep ellum ensemble at Daniel Arts Center , Great Barrington , Massachusetts ( The Berkshire Fringe ) and Hartshorn Theatre , University of Delaware ( 2006 )	deep
Other early notable missionaries include Abdallah ibn Yasin , who started a movement which caused thousands of Berbers to accept Islam .	thousands
While thus immobile , the side-wheeler observed the gunboats and shelling Confederate positions across nearby Four Mile Creek .	observed
Substances can be assimilated extremely quickly and directly through the nose .	extremely
The avenue is very wide in this segment , and is separated by a median .	separated
The Great Golden Peninsula has benefitted greatly from Chinese immigration .	greatly
However , KroniK abandoned Wright after the 15 minutes they were paid for expired , leading to him being pinned .	abandoned
The competition consisted of two rounds , qualification and final .	rounds
" " It is obvious Gloff is doing his damnest [ sic ] to shake himself from the ghosts of his past .	doing
He has also contributed to the magazine " El Ojo con Dientes " .	contributed
He first played for Old Aldwinians RUFC in the late 1930s and during the war joined Sale RUFC .	1930s
Agreements on objectives allow the company to continue flexible working and provide an additional incentive compensation for the extra performance of the employee .	extra
2600 BC ) , Ur was importing elite goods from geographically distant places .	goods
Mount of the Holy Cross was named for the distinctive cross-shaped snowfield on its northeast face .	northeast
This internet library will comprise digital reproductions of scanned historical documents ( lettered and unlettered ) .	documents
This compares to 117.4 million passengers in 2010 : 38,447,725 on the Canada Line and 78,965,214 on the interlined Expo and Millennium Lines .	passengers
There are probably between 70 and 100 native users of Wymysorys , virtually all bilingual ; the majority are elderly .	users
Serruelles is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
At the time , most psychoanalysts did not think that schizophrenia was treatable through therapy and group approaches were not popular .	think
During production , deHavilland and Huston began a romantic relationship that lasted three years .	lasted
He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
For the same tonnage capacity , an absorption chiller requires a much larger cooling tower than a vapor-compression chiller .	requires
Ibrium was the commander of the army and he conducted multiple campaigns against rebellious vassal-rulers or neighboring kingdoms .	commander
JWP members Jake White and Faris Faris were contracted to write songs for two independent movie releases by film company New Generation Cinema in 2004 .	write
J. D. Plummer reported this fact in his technical paper : " A MOS-Controlled Triac Devices " B.W .	technical
Chapel Hill , North Carolina In 1933 Ruth was the North Carolina High School tennis champion ( singles ) .	tennis
Eight HapMap individuals were also sequenced to remove common variants in order to identify the causal gene for FSS .	gene
Between 1859 and 1860 , Gowan produced three volumes of " Orangeism , its origin and history " , a history of the Orange Order .	origin
facing horizontally on a light blue field	blue
Toivo avoided this conflict , " settling " for the post of Minister of Mines and Energy , leaving Nujoma the presidency .	conflict
Some casinos , suspecting they were being cheated in an unknown way , called on government authorities .	authorities
Humans save more energy than quadrupeds when walking but not when running .	save
Dietrich and Banton had an especially close and successful collaboration .	collaboration
They will participate in the Russian Premier League and Russian Cup .	participate
Fredericksburg Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
Rendered images can be further processed by Core Image before being composed into a final scene with Quartz Compositor .	images
The introduction of Schiffli lace machines in Hudson County made Union City the " embroidery capital of the United States " .	introduction
Each category of admissions makes up of 4 % , 25 % , and 68 % respectively of the total individuals .	category
Despite criticism of Thaksinomics , Thaksin 's party won another landslide victory over the Democrat Party in the 2005 general election .	criticism
However , his local club eventually rejected him .	rejected
The turnout was much lower than expected , with Mayor Gonnelli citing the NFL 's focus on activities in Manhattan aimed at visitors .	visitors
By age 14 , Borella understood Cartesian proof of the existence of God .	existence
Barrels made of American white oak are commonly used for oak aging of wine , in which the wood is noted for imparting strong flavors .	wood
The following day , a British plane dropped a query about Owen 's well-being , to which the Germans replied .	plane
White or yellow discoloration may accompany Turner 's hypoplasia .	yellow
Since its introduction in 2012 the Flyboard has sold around 2500 units .	introduction
For the " Channel Pieces " from 1965 to 1968 , he joined together extruded aluminum profiles to create works with additive and rhythmic properties .	properties
Coups happened from time to time , often bringing the country under the rule of yet another junta .	happened
In 1609 Virginia Colony , the human prostitute Darla lies in her deathbed , covered in sores from the syphilis that is killing her .	killing
The 4010 used a Minibus card to handle communications with the host computer , and a wide variety of host interfaces were available .	card
Soon after , Vince returns drunk and hurls beer bottles at the house .	returns
• Major research programme agreements with government departments and state agencies ;	programme
Right-hand drive versions of the F-Series for the United Kingdom and Australia were manufactured in Brazil .	drive
" William Jennings Bryan presidential campaign	presidential
MS 14 serves the counties of Issaquena , Sharkey , Humphreys , Holmes , Attala , Winston , and Noxubee .	counties
He is a graduate of Institut d ’ études politiques de Paris ( IEP Paris ) .	graduate
The film underperformed at the box office grossing $ 4,102,526 domestically , under its $ 13 million budget .	budget
" Kluyveromyces " species are affiliated with the first of this clades while species of " Saccharomyces " belong to the latter .	affiliated
The 21st century has seen extensive redevelopment in Sheffield , along with other British cities .	extensive
The modern city was created in the French colonial time under the name of Périgotville .	colonial
- A boy from a rich business family but has fled from there for to pursue his dreams .	rich
The complex has a small stand , which can seat 50 , and a clubhouse with bathrooms .	stand
Barnes Street hamlet is located immediately adjacent along the same minor road .	adjacent
Concerts featuring Latin music acts , Latin cuisine and a carnival are held on the Riverfront on the last weekend .	acts
These gains were maintained as reported in the 1993 study , " Long-Term Outcome for Children With Autism Who Received Early Intensive Behavioral Treatment " .	maintained
Electric locomotives were placed in regular passenger service in January 1907 .	passenger
O 'Connell won a seventh Munster medal in 1931 following a 5 – 4 to 1 – 2 defeat of Waterford .	seventh
Commissioned in September 1901 , she was assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet and served with the fleet until 1908 .	fleet
The extracts are arranged in four parts .	arranged
The County of Greenland was an amt ( county ) of Denmark , comprising Greenland and its associated islands , before home rule was granted to Greenland .	islands
It became one of the best-selling reggaetón albums of 2005 along with " Real " , when sales of both albums went " through the roof " .	roof
Andrewesia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :	containing
( 9 ) is minimized by approximating the signal model to the sample covariance matrix as accurate as possible .	signal
La Guardia and Giuliani have the reputation among specialists on urban politics as two of the best mayors in American history .	reputation
After missing 17 games , he returned to the lineup on November 20 .	missing
( The college was dissolved into the University of Louisville with the ending of segregation in 1951 . )	ending
Movement includes the ability to freely roam the current environment .	environment
Sydney Brenner proposed the concept of a codon , the idea that three nucleotides could code for one amino acid .	acid
It does not cause significant damage to crops , and seems to prefer coarse broadleaved plants to crops .	seems
Within nine hours , the depression further intensified into a deep depression .	deep
The coastal region is seismically active with frequent large earthquakes .	coastal
With the help of Sandro , a bystander , Esperanza delivers Ángel Salvador and from there Esperanza would raise Ángel in New York .	raise
As of summer 2018 , there are flights from the airport to 133 total destinations , including 97 domestic and 36 international destinations .	domestic
In truth , Ted had contacted Stella , Victoria , and Jeanette to locate Robin 's missing locket .	missing
When Wesley tries to demonstrate his toughness with a karate demonstration , he unintentionally activates the stake weapon up his sleeve .	tries
The boom was short-lived , and local residents returned to trapping , fishing and guiding hunters for their living .	fishing
Carter is extremely active in community endeavors .	extremely
She was a poet who is notable for having married Muslim men who died as " shahids " .	poet
This gives rise to a different and more rugged landscape .	rise
The larger and less numerous greater snow goose travels through the Atlantic Flyway and winters on a relatively more restricted range on the Atlantic coastal plain .	coastal
He puts an ad in a newspaper advertising free living quarters to anyone who helps him find a mysterious lost object hidden in the house .	object
He was also a busy studio drummer in Nashville , TN appearing on many records by Patty Loveless , Doug Stone and Toby Keith among others .	appearing
Carrie Lam defended Secretary for Justice Teresa Cheng who was strongly criticised for not following the conventional procedure of seeking external legal advice in the UGL case .	strongly
The German Nazis viewed " races without homeland " as " parasitic races " or " Untermensch " to be eliminated .	eliminated
In 1953 , Paul Niehans treated Pope Pius XII , who in gratitude appointed him member of the Papal Academy of Sciences .	treated
Bouchart told de Sablé that his small number of men was insufficient to hold the island and that another revolt must surely be around the corner .	corner
Ringmaster later helped Namor the Sub-Mariner and the Shroud secretly enter Latveria .	enter
The team currently consists of only 26 specially trained paramedics for the entire province .	trained
These names ' common element " carp- " appears frequently in Dacian and Thracian placenames and personal names .	element
Players can also unlock additional puzzles by scanning in compatible amiibo figures .	figures
If a macrophage is damaged , it releases its captive ink , which is taken up by other macrophages .	damaged
It grows in association with roots of " Shorea robusta " .	grows
These arms often extend and loop back down on each other to create a wing , which offers more support for the shoe .	arms
Following the year 's end , Azam essayed the negative role of Zara 's ( Rati Pandey ) husband , Malik Khan .	negative
This was followed by a psychological phase from 1956 to 1969 , including the " Golden Notebook " and the " Children of Violence " quartet .	phase
The ellipsoid axes values are the half of the principal moments of inertia .	values
Japan invested in heavy industry , and to a lesser extent , agriculture .	agriculture
have been described from western North America , but are not widely accepted as distinct .	distinct
In late 2005 , Sites set out to cover every war zone in the world for Yahoo !	zone
The NAE committee began meeting with a similar committee commissioned by the Christian Reformed Church in 1961 .	commissioned
Two schools - Guru Nanak Public School and Sri Guru Harkrishan Public School - were also controlled by him .	controlled
Felker was executed on November 15 , 1996 at the age of 48 .	executed
Every summer ″ Golden Apricot ″ festival , Pan-Armenian Games each four years , also Francofonia states ' meetings are held in Yerevan .	meetings
Having experienced the turbulence in China , Landale tried to explore new business opportunities in Hong Kong during his chairmanship of Jardine Matheson .	experienced
He failed when attempting to invade Britain and destroy it via a constant blockade .	constant
The series is being collected as trade paperbacks :	collected
The Swan House is the former residence of the Edward H. Inman family and is now a museum associated with the Atlanta History Center .	residence
The CentWest Rugby Association ( CentWest ) is a Member of Ghana Rugby with the following Clubs affiliated to CentWest :	affiliated
The Statute of Anne ended the old system whereby only literature that met the censorship standards administered by the booksellers could appear in print .	standards
The album features guest appearances from former P-Funk bandmates Bernie Worrell and Michael Hampton .	guest
However while the hippocampus is essential for learning new information it does not store information itself .	learning
Therefore , when the opportunity arose to apply for the French contracts , Maria was willing to act as interpreter and encouraged Thomas to bid for them .	opportunity
Björkman retired from professional tennis after the Swede and his partner Kevin Ullyett failed to qualify for the doubles semifinal at 2008 Tennis Masters Cup - Doubles .	tennis
While they gathered the resources , John Stewart was assigned to oversee the jammed together communities .	resources
In 2012 the ensemble swept the World Championships in the concert division with a record setting score of 99.6 out of 100 .	setting
Fornou Korfiti , Myrtos is made up of nearly 101 rooms .	rooms
He worked at various times as an apothecary , a commercial secretary and a hatter ( from that took the name Skoufas ) .	secretary
K-State then went ahead on the dramatic 54-yard catch by Banks with 5 : 36 remaining in the game .	ahead
His performance in " Mahabharat " not only enthralled the Indian audiences but also attracted viewers from overseas .	attracted
This included the often criticised very narrow section of road from the Windy Corner to Keppel Gate .	narrow
Also , in the Rethymno regional unit in Crete , a municipality ( Nikiforos Fokas ) is named after him , as are many streets throughout Greece .	streets
Therefore , the net positive suction head ( pressure difference ) available can be raised , decreasing the likelihood of cavitation when pumping .	difference
António Borges Coutinho ( 3 May 1923 , in Lisbon – 3 February 2011 , in Lisbon ) was a Portuguese lawyer and politician .	lawyer
The conversion to the fifth-generation jet fighter is scheduled for 2023 .	scheduled
Tell the people of this nation that for them it is the beginning or the end , " thereby supplying the movie with its title .	nation
He proposed that this system of congregations should be based on the organizational principles laid out in Thomas More 's Utopia .	laid
Tony Paris , Yusef Abdullahi and Stephen Miller – who became known as the " Cardiff Three " – were each sentenced to life imprisonment .	sentenced
Cormac is translated literally as " Charioteer , Warrior " .	translated
It was second in largest per theater gross behind " Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull " .	theater
She is too lazy to be in the academy , because she hates doing assignments .	doing
Forsskaolea tenacissima is a member of the non-stinging nettles genus " Forsskaolea " and is in the same family as the stinging kind , Urticaceae .	kind
Her personality is more quiet and passive as compared to her aggressive sisters , and she seems to have eccentric tastes .	seems
She enlists him for a moneymaking scheme .	scheme
North and South Korea were drawn together in group B at the 2006 Asian Games in Al-Rayyan , Qatar .	drawn
Turnout increased over the previous gubernatorial election because there was also a presidential election on the ballot .	presidential
The former NAS commanding officer was tasked with providing administrative , material and logistic support for Atlantic Fleet aviation units .	providing
Boyd Anderson High School , which is located in Lauderdale Lakes but whose attendance zone includes part of Fort Lauderdale , also received a failing grade .	zone
Came on a blister pack as a " Two Ninety " replacement engine .	replacement
The case was heard before Yeldham J and a jury .	heard
The museum is composed of five sections .	sections
A link connected it to the outside of his skull , where it could be connected to a computer .	link
The concert in Greater Boston was cancelled due out of respect to the September 11 attacks .	respect
At age 22 , Hedva began studying astrophysics at a city college before transferring two years later to UCLA to study design .	studying
He uses various mediums ( including oil painting , lenticular printing and digital printing ) to subversively depict political and popular figures .	figures
His son , Darken Rahl , who was also injured in the blast , succeeds him on the throne of D 'Hara .	injured
Unchecked , the stomach acid can lower the pH to levels that will damage the gastric mucosa , leading to ulcers .	acid
This order effectively meant the defeat of Egypt .	meant
With much greater stability , the bank could play a key role in the control of credit , similar to that of the Bank of England .	credit
Both tracks failed to achieve commercial success .	achieve
Additionally they must demonstrate outstanding career achievement , and be a permanent Canadian resident or be Canadian born .	permanent
Two alternatives that have been argued for by experts , such as Prof Chris Mayhew from Birmingham University , are chemical-based scanners and bomb-sniffing dogs .	argued
Many stream-dwelling frogs lay their eggs in a gelatinous mass which they attach to underwater vegetation .	mass
During World War II , the federal government introduced wages and price controls .	price
A pastor who violates this trust might be on the losing end of a suit for an invasion of privacy or defamation .	invasion
The morning show was canceled on November 21 , 2008 .	morning
On October 13 , 1894 the Buffalo , Attica and Arcade Railroad was formed to operate the line .	operate
It follows from these definitions , that the valence of an atom is equal to the sum of the valences of all the bonds it forms .	equal
In the anti-aircraft mode , the 130 mm Mle1932 guns were considered to have poor efficiency against close-rapid aircraft ( i.e .	guns
Norving 's concession was granted in January 1976 and was the first time a formal taxi route concession was granted in Norway .	formal
In 2009 , Sites was one of four cast members of the reality television series " Expedition Africa " on the History channel .	reality
When stacking PC / 104 boards together , mechanical interference between adjacent boards is a concern .	adjacent
Venice and Spain continued to be at odds throughout the seventeenth century , but things never again reached the fever pitch of 1618 – 1622 .	things
Crystalbuntu is an XBMC and Linux OS distribution ( Ubuntu-based ) designed specifically made for and solely optimized for the first-generation Apple TV ( a.k.a .	specifically
In February 2014 , Charles visited the Somerset levels to meet residents affected by winter flooding .	affected
He was admitted into St Bartholomew 's Hospital and was placed under the care of Dr Horn ( the Senior Registrar ) and Dr Rodger .	admitted
The same construction is found elsewhere in the Hebrew Bible , usually dealing with the beginning of a reign .	reign
The advertisement read " Wanted : Rugby Players and Beer Drinkers " , and was placed by club founder , Frank Sinnott ( President 1976 ) .	read
" Playing Beatie Bow " grossed $ 97,306 at the box office in Australia , which is equivalent to $ 212,127 in 2009 dollars .	equivalent
The song entered the top twenty in Belgium Flanders , Spain and Denmark .	twenty
Open registration concepts that may rely on examinations and / or experiential qualifications would improve the acceptance of the NICET certifications .	improve
In 1907 , the steamer " Larchmont " collided with a schooner , killing 200 people four miles from the lighthouse .	killing
However , his wife says she doesn 't believe the rule and they prepare to leave for the hospital .	believe
He was known for strong anti-Roman Catholic views .	views
The reviewer did not enjoy the game because it was so difficult that he spent too much time savescumming , but praised the graphics and sound .	praised
The upper stream is called Changjiang Creek .	stream
You want to boycott me . "	want
The factor " ƒ " ( " ε " ) is approximately	factor
After its original broadcast , the episode received unofficial overnight viewing figures of 7 million , and was the best performer in prime-time .	figures
The church then bought approximately on Colerain Avenue adjacent to Mill Creek .	adjacent
Light fittings and ceiling fans are suspended from the ceiling on stiff rods .	fans
Little Atoms is frequently cited as one of the UK 's top podcasts .	cited
Documents concerning his colonial career are in the national archive in the Hague .	colonial
In 2014 he achieved his second bronze of Polish Championship .	bronze
In 1922 , the Washington Naval Conference , concluded by the Washington Naval Treaty , limited any battleship construction for the following ten years .	concluded
She was at the forefront of psychological research regarding therapy .	regarding
It was the first Environmental Service business to be registered in the General Direction of Public Registries of Paraguay .	registered
About 2 % sodium bicarbonate may be added as a coolant , to lower the burning temperature .	temperature
Fleming has made several controversial statements regarded by some as racist in nature , although he denies that he and most paleoconservatives support racism .	regarded
In 2009 Chiarello painted the Spring Summer 09 advertising campaign for Carhartt .	painted
He neither proceeded from him nor stayed with him .	stayed
The QF 4 inch Mk XVI gun was the standard British Commonwealth naval anti-aircraft and dual-purpose gun of World War II .	naval
Parts of episode one were filmed at The Historic Dockyard in Chatham , Kent which doubled as the British HQ in Mons .	filmed
He left in 1919 after a conflict with Knudsen 's Second Cabinet , to become CEO of the tramway company Akersbanerne from 1919 to 1935 .	conflict
Some of the more brightly marked variants are the result of selective breeding by aquarists and do not exist in the wild .	exist
Permanent structures appeared around the year 10000 BCE .	structures
Another Christian apologist , William Lane Craig , characterizes Plantinga 's argument in a slightly different way :	slightly
The later threat was taken " very seriously " by Gardaí commander Pat Byrne , who put on alert all security checkpoints along the border .	commander
From that study came his hypothesis , rooted in behavioural ecology , that elephant movements could hold the key to understanding their reactions to their changing environments .	understanding
The Mother City built a new 70,000 seat stadium ( Cape Town Stadium ) in the Green Point area .	stadium
The tracks " Twenty Deadly Diseases " and " Propellor " were both released as singles to help promote the album .	promote
Located in the historic Icheri Sheher , the mosque has been rebuilt several times .	rebuilt
The song is in the key of B-flat major with a vocal range of F-G and a main chord pattern of E-B-F / A .	pattern
This building was demolished in the 1780s to make way for the Bibliotheca .	demolished
Cobden finished with figures of 4 / 35 , and 8 / 76 in the match .	figures
The next decade after the crisis had been settled , she worked as an Art Teacher for the	decade
The college was composed of 2 buildings with one building having 4 dental units and a laboratory and the second designated for administrative purposes .	purposes
He traveled alongside Theofratus until the day he died , then became friends with Vayne .	traveled
He was in overall charge of the Party 's " white areas " work , that is , underground activities in places not under Party control .	underground
Chinese versions also included the new SAIC-GM-Wuling joint venture called Baojun 630 manufactured in Liuzhou , Guangxi , China .	joint
This genre , unlike most genres of piyyut , does not go back to late antique Palestine , but rather to high medieval Europe .	medieval
He holds an honours degree in couture and serves on the board of directors and the executive committee of the fashion institute he graduated from .	fashion
McAuley was born in Lakemba , a suburb of Sydney .	suburb
Quarter sawn white oak was a signature wood used in mission style oak furniture by Gustav Stickley in the Craftsman style of the Arts and Crafts movement .	wood
The male 's antennae are black with a yellow knob , while the female 's antennae are all black .	yellow
When accessing web servers that use the LTPA technology it is possible for a web user to re-use their login across physical servers .	user
27 on the Australian Radio Airplay charts .	charts
The Snake Hill region of Secaucus , New Jersey , was the location of the Old Bergen Poor Farm in the late 18th century .	18th
Like most of the Coolmore horses , Found was entered into training with Aidan O 'Brien at Ballydoyle .	horses
In November 2014 , RacoWireless was acquired by a private equity backed , competing M2M MVNO KORE Wireless Group .	competing
Additional Donkey Kong series characters , such as Rambi the Rhino , Enguarde the Swordfish , Zinger , and Necky , make cameo appearances as items .	items
Refusing evacuation , he continued with the assault and killed two more terrorists at extremely close range . "	extremely
Ehud Asherie ( born 1979 ) is a jazz pianist and organist .	jazz
The population of greater snow geese was in decline at the beginning of the 20th century , but has now recovered to sustainable levels .	decline
A huge fan of American popular culture she makes regular trips to Los Angeles .	huge
On 6 September , it was reported that the Western Bulldogs were leading in the race to sign Akermanis for the 2007 season .	sign
After her commissioning in November 1877 , " Friedrich der Grosse " served with the fleet .	fleet
The flag has a special headband , including a cardinal red stripe and the inscription	flag
A meeting in September 2006 agreed a Founding Statement , which restates its intention to relaunch an international tendency committed to building a new Leninist Trotskyist International .	committed
In 1959 , Elmer Jr. graduated from the University of Missouri and married one of his " popcorn girls " , Amy .	girls
2007 saw the first non-Queensland entry , from Parade College in Victoria .	entry
While filming a motorcycle crashing scene , Tony Leung encountered an accident where he fractured three rib bones .	accident
In the 2006 season , he played his only first-class match for Hampshire , against Loughborough UCCE , scoring 29 runs in his only innings .	first-class
All plutonium isotopes and other actinides , however , are fissionable with fast neutrons .	fast
After his 1985 retirement , Silverstein continued to consult to " The New York Times " and other newspapers .	newspapers
They reached the first round , but were stopped by Parma .	stopped
When closed , it acts exactly like a butterfly valve and is tight .	acts
He also programmed engine features such as switches and movable stairs and platforms .	platforms
In January 2017 , the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4x based on Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Chipset became company 's first major launch of 2017 .	launch
ALBA Graduate Business School ( Greek : ALBA Κολλέγιο Διοίκησης Επιχειρήσεων ) is a privately run academic institution in Greece .	institution
However , he had exiled himself to Buenos Aires after the 1973 coup and started denouncing the human rights violations committed by Bordaberry 's dictatorship .	committed
However , the pentatonic scale has a unique character and is complete in terms of tonality .	scale
Aside from commercial flights , other resources in and around the airport have been developed in recent years .	resources
He was on special duty in Washington , DC in 1861 .	duty
Microindentation tests typically have forces less than .	tests
It grows to a mantle length of 30 cm .	grows
The music video was met with popularity .	popularity
In mid-April , a YPG counter-offensive , aided by US-led Coalition airstrikes , allowed the YPG-led forces to advance towards Sarrin again .	advance
It is near the Portuguese border ( District of Portalegre ) , separated from it by the Sever .	separated
Walter Hill says later he purposefully made the film " to improve his bank account and success quotient " .	improve
Larry 's name cleared , and he and his sister return to their ranch and its valuable iron ore .	iron
The " four-minute barrier " has since been broken by over 1,400 male athletes , and is now the standard of all male professional middle distance runners .	broken
After only , SR 224 intersects SR 225 at a roundabout and turns east along Kennedy Road .	turns
The fragment identifier introduced by a hash mark codice _ 1 is the optional last part of a URL for a document .	mark
Then , from 1998 to 2001 , she was a priest of St Peter 's Church , Galashiels .	priest
During the match , Mercury and Nitro were able to perform the Snapshot on Heidenreich , to win the championship for a second time .	perform
The previous night , Larry Grant Lonchar had been executed for three murders .	executed
After completing her basic education , she attended the Prague State Teachers ' Institute .	basic
Economic pressures also opened marginal areas to intensive agriculture and turned the fortunes of the non-elite peasants , such as the Kurmi , who worked them .	agriculture
With the increase of surface water , waterlogged soils contain many reduced molecules , which can induce the accumulation of sulfide and other toxic compounds .	contain
Rousseau is not mentioned by name but is easily identifiable .	easily
After more than five years of research the members of the committee drew up a catalog of 13 salient points with the conclusions they reached .	drew
During World War II , the Naval Air Station had a direct combat support role in the area of anti-submarine patrols .	combat
This state of affairs became a cause of persistent conflict between Tchorek and the communist bureaucracy .	conflict
In 1877 , at age 10 , he purchased two 16th century daggers from the collection of Henry Cogniat and started his personal collection .	16th
All lyrics by Tobias Sammet .	lyrics
She visited Paris , Vienna and Italy before she traveled in the Middle East .	traveled
The title is a reference to the article with the same name of Mildred Edie Brady .	reference
He finishes them , only to tuck into the birthday cake afterwards .	afterwards
In the first public referendum in South Bethany on incorporation , held in June 1966 , voters decisively rejected it .	rejected
" And there was a lot of beading under the arms that rubbed me " raw " ! "	arms
The retractable keel is operated with a tackle attached to the mast .	attached
After 2005 , the annual debate has been effectively ended .	debate
He also painted mural decorations for New York City theaters , including the Capitol , Apollo , Times Square , and Selwyn theaters .	painted
The new Toyota FC Stack achieves a maximum output of 114 kW ( 153 hp ) .	output
Among the smaller farm branches are a date palm orchard and turkey production .	branches
They were drawn against Zrinjski , whom they had previously played in 2014 – 15 .	drawn
was an episode of the 2009 documentary drama " The Queen " which aired on Channel 4 .	documentary
The Maryland Terrapins won their sixth championship , defeating the Wake Forest Demon Deacons in the final .	defeating
The minimum requirements were raised several times as watch-making technology progressed , and the watch companies produced newer , even more reliable models .	requirements
When tensions with Zacklin arise , he decides to pursue Dumb Starbucks on his own , kicking Zacklin off the project .	decides
This was due to a threat of annexation and invasion from the United States .	invasion
The interior included a large two-storey cavalier which , could hold 600 soldiers .	interior
When she joins the team , her overall ability as Sonic Driver pilot is very good , although not as good as Eika .	pilot
Result : 6 dead gang members , 1 dead bystander , 28 injured	injured
The monument to Lenin was dismantled , and in its place the Monument of Independence of Uzbekistan , in the form of the globe , was erected .	erected
His works also show influence from José Guadalupe Posada in their sense of irony .	sense
Until now , the ecology and habitat preference is still poorly known , due mainly to the species being difficult to catch .	habitat
Along with Ida Andersen she participated in the 470 class at the 1992 Summer Olympics , where they placed 14th .	14th
Len Oliver ( born Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was a U.S. soccer half back who played in the American Soccer League .	soccer
The boys all moved to a house in the parish of St Benet until his death in 1748 .	boys
Battery Brannan at Fort Worden , Washington was named in his honor .	honor
Like many large buildings in the 19th century , St. Agnes was the product of an architectural competition .	architectural
There is a proposal to rebuild a replica of the old courthouse on a parking lot one block from the original location .	block
It is endemic to Sicily .	endemic
Minimal ambience opens most tracks , with Cline 's love of Asian percussion evident via gongs and Tibetan singing bowls " .	singing
He also insists that Mike move in with him in his flat in Clement 's Inn .	flat
The spin-off did not achieve the same level of success as the original .	achieve
The LaGuardia Committee was the first in-depth study into the effects of smoking cannabis ( drug ) in the United States .	drug
For those who work in a hot climate , up to 16 litres a day may be required .	climate
Band-Maid 's image is modeled on maid café hostesses .	image
Also , ongoing stressors have been associated with a higher possibility of developing delusions .	developing
( Moss , 1988 ) Plant height has also been recorded as positively associated with an abundance of P. tenuirostrist .	height
The following description is primarily applicable to static discontinuous recrystallization , which is the most classical variety and probably the most understood .	classical
Wesley finds Angel and tries to warn him about the shroud .	tries
Although Beyoncé did not perform the song in any televised appearances , the song was a part of her set list on her tours .	perform
Also , narcotics from Afghanistan pass through the country on their way to Russian and European markets .	markets
The overall goal of an RMP is to assure a positive risk-benefit profile once the drug is ( has been ) marketed .	drug
Together with 2-hydroxyethyl terephthalic acid , bis ( 2-Hydroxyethyl ) terephthalate is an intermediate in the production of poly ( ethylene terephthalate ) .	acid
The association of the cation bonding electrons with the anion in the ionic model is purely formal .	formal
Since its completion , the company has its headquarters in the building .	completion
Many of his subjects did not ; estimates for fatalities in the capital city , Addis Ababa , range from 5,000 to 10,000 , or higher .	subjects
In the commentary of the " Dr. No " DVD release , LeWars reveals that makeup was applied to her face to make her appear partly Asian .	makeup
Commissioned by mayor William Spencer , the Kalendar was started circa 1478 – 79 .	mayor
The West Shore Little League and Public School 44 also are part of the neighborhood .	neighborhood
Derrick hardly has any private life ; a girl friend occurs only in two episodes .	girl
Along with eight other Senators , Stabenow tied for " Most Liberal Senator " in 2011 , in the view of The National Journal .	tied
The " Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link " assumes an albedo of 0.20 and calculates a diameter of 1.30 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 16.8 .	diameter
Wine production has suffered in recent years from declining demand , reducing prices and over-production .	demand
In 1898 he was engaged to Marguerite Fowler Richmond of Meadville , Pennsylvania .	engaged
As the species name " sparsifolium " suggests , it has tiny , filamentous leaves .	suggests
Accordingly , it was filmed as " Von Richthofen and Brown " ( 1971 ) , shot in Ireland in July 1970 .	filmed
" Cericium luteoincrustatum " is a waxy and brittle crust fungus with a fruit body that is about 0.2 – 1 mm thick .	fruit
His " Macrodynamics of Advanced Market Economies " ( 1987 ) contains chapters on dynamics and growth , investment , finance and income distribution .	investment
Painting tall lover of the drawing Fragonard started by making several sketches and surveys of " The Lock " .	tall
Now presented for the first time as double picture disc set in a gatefold sleeve with a download voucher . "	picture
He joined a military type group , but eventually left because it opposed his interest in Marxism .	opposed
Hercules wanted to honor the birthplace of Zeus by removing all " harmful " and " poisonous " animals from Crete .	honor
In 1914 , the council began leasing the theatre to Ernest Wheeler , who continued to run it for twenty five years .	twenty
This essentially shows that the treatment is safe , from a biological viewpoint , with no detectable risk of the development of cancerous cells .	risk
Havemann joined the Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) in 1932 and was one of the founders of the resistance group , European Union .	resistance
Males have five instar stages while females have six , each lasting five or six days .	stages
In some areas such as London , the challenge process for PCNs can be completed online , via the Internet .	challenge
The series premiered on February 16 , 2015 , on PRO TV .	premiered
About ( 100,000 panes ) of glass were said to have been required to cover the structure .	glass
Other species include burbot , Arctic lamprey , round , broad and humpback whitefish , and pond and rainbow smelt .	broad
Arkansas State failed to capitalize on the good field position , however , missing a 34-yard field goal attempt .	missing
Seckbach also worked as a boxing correspondent for AOL Sports FanHouse before going on to establish his own boxing video news website .	establish
Unlike the case of the Zwanzig-Caldeira-Leggett model , genuine quantum mechanical effects manifest themselves due to the disordered nature of the environment .	environment
Everest , Dale in North Col with Tsiring Jangbu Sherpa ( 7000m ) , a clear day with background of Mt .	background
The photochemical destabilization of the membrane of the endocytic vesicle result in an endosomal escape of the entrapped drugs .	escape
A small tributary of the Petite Creuse , the river Lavaud flows through the middle of the village .	flows
The oldest surviving building in the street is the low building from 1859 at No .	surviving
The show 's ninth season sees him as the President of the United States .	sees
It is considered one of the city 's greatest assets .	greatest
In the 2001 – 02 offseason , GM John Hart resigned and his assistant , Mark Shapiro , took the reins .	resigned
As a consequence of the financial difficulties he experienced in the wake of Pico 's disfavor , del Medigo decided to leave Italy for good .	experienced
To accommodate this , these conductors started using specialized " jazz batons . "	jazz
In December 2003 he lost a leg when he was crushed against a wall by a drunk driver in Maastricht in the Netherlands .	driver
This is a list of wars involving Mauritania .	involving
His no-ball ratio also improved , with 24 from 128.1 overs .	improved
The mythology culminated in the 11th century forgeries of Ademar of Chabannes , The " Life of St .	11th
The party , the police , schools , roads , journalists — everything has to be through FRELIMO .	roads
700 Naval Air Squadron ( 700 NAS ) is a squadron of aircraft in the Royal Navy ’ s Fleet Air Arm .	squadron
Currently , the Japanese government does not issue work permits unless it can be demonstrated that the person has certain skills which cannot be provided by locals .	skills
All stores were branded to ' Music Zone ' .	stores
Jim Frey was hired to manage the 1984 Cubs , with Don Zimmer coaching 3rd base and Billy Connors serving as pitching coach .	hired
His works on Jewish law , if indeed ever committed to writing – have not reached us .	committed
It includes Oklahoma City University and numerous ethnic shops and gritty venues .	ethnic
In 1960s , AVC took on the role of watchdog in military and veterans affairs that continued throughout its existence .	existence
At the end of the 2010 – 11 season , he made 26 appearances for Spurs in all competitions .	competitions
But the medals were not settled because Igor Pavlov saved one attempt for 5.90m .	medals
In 2006 he signed an exclusive contract with Marvel Comics and launched the second volume of " Punisher War Journal " with writer Matt Fraction .	volume
The programme is aimed to transform 100 selected sundry shops into modern mini marts .	programme
Erik Winquist ( born January 2 , 1975 ) is an American New Zealander visual effects supervisor .	visual
and a constant size which does not depend on the size of the single dispersion fan diagrams .	constant
The Science exam included content in science , technology , ecology and the environmental studies .	environmental
Owen stated that RCA desired Herndon in the band so their image could be comparable to the Beatles .	image
One third of high school students educated in French go on to pursue higher education in English-speaking institutions .	institutions
Swedes first immigrated to the Lincoln area in 1865-71 , forming what became the Swedeburg settlement .	forming
The album did not sell well and was not even released in the US .	sell
It was recorded in a loft apartment in Williamsburg , Brooklyn by John Gurrin and edited by HMB member Jason Candler .	edited
She returned to New York on 28 December 1943 for post-shakedown availability which lasted until 9 January 1944 when she sailed for the Panama Canal Zone .	lasted
A joystick is required for control , and the player depresses the firing button to fire the machine gun , which carries enough ammunition for 99 shots .	machine
Tourism is an important source of incomes for the region , partly due to a sunny climate and the presence of the Pyrénées .	climate
2 , for instance , a calculation of the Pearson Correlation Coefficient yields r = 0.574 .	instance
A " lex curiata " ratified his adoption , from which Postumus assumed the filiation " Augusti f . " , meaning " son of Augustus " .	assumed
In Shelley 's story , Frankenstein created an intelligent , somewhat superhuman being .	somewhat
MPs from various parties asked for division but it was rejected by the speaker .	rejected
Smith attended Indiana University where she earned her bachelor of arts degree in general studies .	arts
The Disney Afternoon itself featured unique animated segments consisting of its own opening and " wrappers " around the cartoon shows shown .	consisting
Redware as a single word is a term for at least two types of pottery of the last few centuries , in Europe and North America .	centuries
His father was a skilled laborer who died shortly after he had returned from World War I .	shortly
He spends most of his time practising his hurling skills .	skills
He ordered that the ship 's boats be launched to get himself and his crew clear of the sandbank .	boats
No opponent had been found to challenge Whirlaway for the race .	challenge
No preliminary rounds were held at this distance , since the number of competitors allowed a direct final .	rounds
Each school could attend for two weeks each year for walks around Surrey .	attend
In March 2013 , she competed at the 2013 World Junior Championships in Milan but was eliminated after placing 39th in the short program .	eliminated
Matt 's paratrooper brigade , containing an additional tank company and the armored battalion , would move south-west via Akavish to reach Fort Matzmed .	containing
Matanhail is surrounded by Salhawas Tehsil towards the south , Beri Tehsil towards the north , Jhajjar Tehsil towards the east , Dadri-I Tehsil towards the west .	surrounded
It peaked at number 1 on the club chart .	peaked
His innovations included the magazine subscription card , the toll-free 1-800 number , loyalty rewards programs , and many more .	card
The county of Sussex was divided into administrative divisions known as ' rapes ' .	divisions
) , a Stoic whose deeds , rhetoric and resistance to the tyranny of Julius Caesar made him an icon of republicanism , virtue , and liberty .	resistance
Piyush Paul is a business graduate from Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies , Delhi University and an alumnus of FMS , Delhi .	graduate
This management scheme was proposed to allow resource development in addition to preservation and recreation .	scheme
The Luhyas dealt a severe blow to Moi 's candidate by voting en masse for Kibaki who thereafter won the election with Wamalwa as his vice president .	severe
In 1995 HRH Prince of Wales visited the Midger SSSI reserve , being one of the woodland reserves in the county .	reserve
A PlayStation 3 port was released just over a year later on October 17 , 2008 .	port
Franco ( Christopher de Leon ) walks away with impunity , having been elected as senator and interested in the presidency .	interested
She then raised Tom herself .	herself
He also began the firm of Peter White & Co. in 1853 , for the purpose of conducting banking business .	purpose
Williams 's friend Mollie comes looking for him , assuring him that she knows he is innocent .	looking
In order to protect Lam Ping , Lui To investigates Tsui Fung and discovers his dark past .	protect
Group 7 cars were designed more for short-distance sprints than for endurance racing .	racing
However , building battleships outstripped the French Navy 's technical and financial capacities at the time .	technical
This may be the result of different artists in his workshop , or of his and his shop 's ability to use different styles .	shop
Those who cannot meet these standards of production will not be allowed to keep their jobs .	standards
Only five candidates made the cut to be on the final ballot , Claribel Martínez Marmolejos , Yasmín Mejías , Carlos Rechani , Darlene Reyes and Natal .	candidates
At night , searchlights from shore combed the dark , spotting enemy planes in an attempt to foil the persistent Japanese raiders .	enemy
The genus , widespread in temperate regions , contains an estimated 10 species .	widespread
1958 ) , is a folk dancer .	folk
At the 2008 ANDY Awards , the " Believe " campaign won the " GRANDY " , the grand prize .	prize
The ring is powered by willpower .	ring
The twelfth generation F-150 was introduced for the 2009 model year as an update of the Ford full-size truck platform .	generation
Al Dulaymi is believed to have been a senior intelligence official during the Saddam Hussein administration .	intelligence
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1912 to the Sixty-third Congress and resumed agricultural pursuits .	agricultural
In many other Dutch cities , there are other streets named after Hooft , many of them also called P. C. Hooftstraat or Pieter C. Hooftstraat .	streets
Guerilla marketing initiatives such as the Play Time sudoku-inspired lingerie and the Free or Jail Paris Hilton Panties were cited as innovative .	cited
The following research libraries have in their collections interviews with Ralph Neas :	collections
Attackers want to destroy Egypt .	want
His lack of an insurance card prevented him from claiming benefits .	card
Pleth variability index ( PVI ) is a measure of the variability of the plethysmographic waveform amplitude .	measure
In mathematics , R-algebroids are constructed starting from groupoids .	mathematics
At the beginning of World War I , aircraft were not typically equipped with wireless equipment .	equipped
Guite adds that after these two events he " fell in love with Cambridge , and I 've never quite escaped its gravitational pull " .	quite
The curriculum applied within the AYB educational program is known as " Ararat Baccalaureate " , which is an Armenian-based international education system .	educational
Over 50 types of moulded brick were used in its construction .	brick
Upon assuming his post as head of TESDA , Villanueva initiated an audit of the agency stemming from a sponsorship debt related to undocumented TESDA scholarships .	agency
Nathan Rahl is a powerful wizard and an ancestor of Richard Rahl .	powerful
Two months later , Duke of Marmalade was moved up in distance and took on older horses for the first time in the International Stakes at York .	horses
The purpose of the M2-Competition was to simulate real-world forecasting better in the following respects :	purpose
Livingstone National Park has great potential as an area to harbour species as the climate progressively warms .	climate
While at Sheppard Pratt , Kleinke developed and managed the nation ’ s first provider-based , managed mental health care system .	nation
Rails were fitted to allow the carrying of up to 40 mines .	carrying
The town council has recently implemented strict zoning regulations designed to prevent suburban sprawl .	prevent
As such , the presence of a genuine plaque does not guarantee that the award was bestowed on the specific establishment .	establishment
She looks at how gender roles and expectations influence career success of both women and men .	gender
The guns were provided with 100 shells each .	guns
Macdonald was appointed to head her first church in 2001 ; that year , she became priest in charge of Gordon Chapel , Fochabers .	priest
" It was their season to start , not mine , " Reed said of the regular players .	mine
In 1999 , the Mountain West Conference did not have an outright champion , as three teams tied for the conference lead .	tied
It is the most simple cerium mineral known .	simple
The elaborate packaging of the limited edition version of the album garnered Amos a Grammy nomination .	nomination
This is the second time the Rebels have won the Founders Cup in franchise history .	franchise
It is widely considered to be the most affluent suburb of Newcastle .	suburb
This is glazed with panels of multi-paned diamond shaped coloured glass .	glass
A popular Internet video shows a killer whale appearing to jump on a group of kayakers .	appearing
Located along the A38 road roughly halfway between Bristol and Gloucester .	roughly
On May 3 , in his dressing room before conducting the same program , he was informed that Hitler and his entire staff would attend the concert .	attend
Sulien then served again as bishop .	bishop
Despite its name , the spring actually consisted of cold groundwater seeps rather than hot springs .	cold
This collection of devices does not necessarily have to have an associated physical topology .	devices
Five days later , the six journalists managed to escape during a firefight at a checkpoint of Islamist Ahrar ash-Sham .	escape
He was the United States representative to the Conseil International du Sports Militaire in 1967 .	representative
In 1962 – 1965 , the district was merged into Zimovnikovsky District , but was re-established in modern borders in January 1965 .	merged
Her father , the Flame King , appears as his daughter is deprived of her body temperature and crown .	temperature
The size and shape of the operculum bone is dependent on the organism 's location .	shape
Like the " omo sebua " , commoners ' homes are rectangular in plan .	homes
then applying the transformation to the components	components
L64133 had peak performance of the 33MFLOPS .	peak
Ryun later served in the United States House of Representatives from 1996 to 2007 , representing Kansas ' 2nd congressional district for the Republican Party .	representing
Additional armour protection was available for the neck , armpit , chest , waist and feet .	protection
In addition , for the first time , the 2014 – 15 RDHS included HIV testing of children age 0 – 14 . "	testing
His subsequent 25-year marriage to Janice Saragoni ended in 2015 .	subsequent
The Basque Provinces , who regarded with astonishment the political developments affecting Navarre , quit talks with Madrid .	regarded
In the early 1990s , loyalist and republican paramilitaries in the city stepped up their killings of each other and " enemy " civilians .	enemy
" Just a Little " debuted at number 81 on the U.S. " Billboard " Hot 100 in April 1965	debuted
In March 1911 , Treasury approval was given for a loan to Aramac Shire Council to build the Barcaldine-Aramac tramway .	loan
The wings are relatively large , and bear unusually long thumbs .	wings
From 1911 it was the saluting flag of the Australian army at all reviews and ceremonial parades ,	flag
It was broadcast weekly on a Friday , with several repeats during the following week .	weekly
He received national recognition at the 2010 Games for Health conference .	recognition
In Italy and Spain , the Catholic Church warned against the topless fashion .	fashion
She feels , however , that something is afoot , and goes walking .	something
He threw seven innings of work while allowing one hit and no runs with five strikeouts and two walks as the Expos won 7 – 0 .	allowing
The Cantarell Complex of five oil fields lies beneath the Bay of Campeche .	fields
However , the city also benefited from a more diverse economy and postwar growth in government services and education .	economy
She was instrumental in organizing a national campaign for the use of alkaline paper in publishing companies .	publishing
The Australian Government and Bloomberg New Energy Finance forecast the production of energy by rooftop solar to rise sixfold between 2014 and 2024 .	rise
He noted a case in the European nightjar , when a bird led him around the nest several times but made no attempt to lure him away .	bird
Universal Pictures will distribute subsequent DreamWorks Animation films , starting on February 22 , 2019 with the release of " " .	subsequent
As of 2011 , the average pay for port police officers was $ 111,469 , including overtime .	port
Robertson also states in his book that pathologists " Dalgaard , Usher & Green ... produced evidence which precluded a fall from a height " .	height
The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student 's building principal and requesting an evaluation .	teachers
He remained there about a year until he went to San Diego , where he intended to engage in the dry goods business .	goods
Skip lists are used for efficient statistical computations of running medians ( also known as moving medians ) .	lists
The core product enable the use , benefit or problem-solving service for which the consumer is purchasing the product .	core
Shortly after the war ended he joined the British intelligence service .	intelligence
conducted a study pertaining to work redesign and how redesigning work could improve productivity and motivation through job enlargement or enrichment .	improve
Males had a median income of $ 25,203 versus $ 18,250 for females .	versus
In 33 games on the season , he averaged 10.5 points and 3.7 rebounds per game , while shooting a career-best 42.7 % from three-point range .	shooting
It is produced when 3,5-dinitrosalicylic acid reacts with a reducing sugar .	acid
After graduating from Boston University , she began her career at WBNS-TV in Columbus , Ohio before moving to WCBS in 1990 as weekend anchor and reporter .	graduating
Harry & David was founded in 1910 by Samuel Rosenberg as " Bear Creek Orchards " in Medford , Oregon , as a premium fruit company .	fruit
They returned just over two days later , and acquitted all four defendants on all charges .	charges
She is also recognized by Thomson Reuters as among the top 1 % most cited scientists in the world .	cited
As we move further into the fort , we can see the Chini Mahal , a VIP prison built by Aurangzeb .	fort
Turnout increased over the previous gubernatorial election because there was also a presidential election on the ballot .	presidential
The paper was owned by the writers through a cooperative .	writers
By mid-season he had scored twice from eleven league appearances .	eleven
The novel begins with the Madden sisters and their childhood friend in Clevedon .	childhood
Later in the year , October , he accused six more women of witchcraft against him .	accused
The interstices are crossed everywhere with very fine close-set oblique striae .	fine
According to " Rolling Stone " , the album contains " raspy braggadocio and sexy rhymes " which complement Queen 's raspy vocals .	vocals
There are three likely locations :	locations
When Bailey and Mason go to get the money , they find the garden gnome has disappeared .	garden
Debris from a larger subducted seamount probably dammed the trench from 2 Ma to 0.5 Ma and similar events probably redirected sediments in similar ways before that .	ways
The related processing method is called array signal processing .	signal
Throughout the stories , Bertie learns literary quotations from Jeeves and renders them with informal language .	literary
He led the majors in sacrifice hits , with 19 .	hits
" This will obviously set me back a couple of days , and I don 't think that should be a big deal " , said Hamels .	think
Later she switched to Dutch language and literary science .	literary
WHNR ( 1360 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a " Heinz 57 Music " format .	broadcasting
This includes putting public pressure on companies that are currently involved in fossil fuel extraction to invest in renewable energy .	fuel
During this period , Fantl mainly worked with Hajo Gies , producing films and episodes of " Tatort " .	producing
Stations with platforms with 11 ' centres had to be widened later to 12 ' centres , except for Gosford .	platforms
He played college football at Grand Valley State and was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
Some flights lasted over 9 hours and reached 50,000 ft . A second Triton aircraft was to fly by March or April 2014 .	lasted
Gen. Judson Kilpatrick were caught in a Confederate ambush and defeated .	caught
In January 1917 , Sanin returned to Moscow Art Theatre and stayed until 1919 .	stayed
The song is written in drop D tuning , and is built primarily out of power chords based on the notes of a diminished triad .	notes
He then managed to enlist in the French Army , where he received decorations as an artillery officer , including the Legion of Honor .	artillery
This generates its explanation from the fact that professionalism is based on self-discipline , inner guidance and emotional drive .	drive
Within the vestry is the remains of an aumbry or secure cupboard for holding books and valuable plate .	holding
Throughout his life he showed a particular interest in agriculture and landscape gardening , which he followed at first in pursuit of health .	agriculture
The theory of fields is undecidable but not essentially undecidable .	fields
While studying theatre at Arizona State University , Katan wrote her first play " Stages . "	studying
That left South Vietnam standing alone .	standing
After death , it is common in many cultures to pull the eyelids of the deceased down to close the eyes .	eyes
They were signed by manager , Brian Peacock , to their first recording and publishing contracts with Polygram .	publishing
West Adams Preparatory High School is a secondary school in the Pico-Union neighborhood of Central Los Angeles , California .	neighborhood
The company was well known for its fair treatment of employees .	employees
It was premiered in the Woodruff Arts Center in Atlanta , by the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra under Yoel Levi , on September 8 , 1994 .	premiered
They occur in October and March for five days in length .	occur
Due to major breaches of contract by his Canadian publisher , Simply Read Books , Weller obtained the rights to his three previous children 's picture books .	picture
" Special routes of U.S. Route 14	routes
" N " also supports user-made levels .	supports
This species was discovered in 1967 in Texas and formally named in 1980 .	formally
Often , the government is most focused on overt crises rather than long-term solutions to problems that are not readily apparent .	focused
" The New Yorker " noted that visitors protested the store 's " terrible coffee . "	visitors
According to ARC , during and after hurricanes Katrina , Wilma and Rita , they opened 1,470 shelters and registered 3 .	registered
The poem itself is unfinished , and also adapts parts of the " Roman de Brut " by Wace .	poem
At night , Ika helps them knock Naoh unconscious and escape the camp .	escape
By 1870 , the District 's population had grown 75 % from the previous census to nearly 132,000 residents .	grown
Records at the Nordic Africa Institute website provide details of a primary school in the town in 1968 .	details
He can do the same with the remainder of the stock taking any trumps until he exposes a non-trump .	stock
He tells her he does not care what happens between her and him , but then changes his mind and yells out " I love you ! "	mind
His championship record of 2.12 metres set in 1970 was not improved until 1980 by Atanas Mladenov .	improved
" Lost Planet 3 " received " mixed " reviews on all platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic .	platforms
After this successful intercept , Goering forbade all transport flights to Africa .	transport
Müller was interrogated and temporarily taken into custody on 6 September 1943 under charges of comparing Hitler and Göring with the two criminals crucified alongside Jesus Christ .	charges
King was popular with the boys – as apparently he never used the cane !	boys
Sixteen participants were invited from AFC , CONCACAF , CONMBOL and UEFA ( two from Mexico ) .	invited
The term was first used in 2006 in response to the qualities observed in international executives that enabled them to succeed globally .	observed
Tubercles rupture in subarachnoid area causes meningitis .	causes
The peak is approximately west-southwest of Mammoth Hot Springs and north of Mount Holmes .	peak
The close spatial proximity of skull elements ( most belonging to " Allosaurus " ) supports this hypothesis .	supports
She started her career working in radio and cinema in 1948 and as actress in theater in 1949 .	theater
Another common feature of this game is the robbing of the stock .	stock
It is believed to be the closest living relative to the extinct genus " Platygonus " .	relative
At the time , South Bethany had 240 houses and 496 property owners , although its year-round population consisted of just 15 families .	owners
It grows in the more fertile alluvial soils and basaltic soils .	grows
Lake Clark 's coastal areas are rated as some of the top bear viewing destinations in the world , along with the coast of Katmai National Park .	coastal
" Tyrants " , the first expansion to Epic , was released in March 2016 .	expansion
They were such pros – they had all these scenes with Steve Carell and they were completely unafraid .	scenes
Rossa had observed the distribution of BR propaganda and had reported those involved to the police .	observed
Miller played what was possibly his best game at the club in Round 7 of the 2008 Season against Fremantle at the MCG .	possibly
Hsuen Tsang described an idol of the Sun God made of pure gold with eyes made from large red rubies .	eyes
The plans were completed in January 1935 and in 1936 the airport committee held meetings with among others Minister of Labor Ole Monsen Mjelde .	meetings
The back exit of the Central Station leads to Oberbilk .	leads
This form allows the person to be held at a psychiatric facility for assessment , but does not itself permit any treatment without the persons consent .	persons
" Special routes of U.S. Route 5	routes
Authorities called the storm damage the worst since 1956 .	storm
Other significant items included in the scope of work for the Kyle Field redevelopment included :	items
Racine is an unincorporated community in Newton County , Missouri , United States .	unincorporated
Pashto which is spoken in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and FATA of Pakistan and Afghanistan is an Iranian language .	spoken
Henry Hammill Fowler ( September 5 , 1908 January 3 , 2000 ) was an American lawyer and politician .	lawyer
Because vitrification is a non-equilibrium process , it does not qualify as freezing , which requires an equilibrium between the crystalline and liquid state .	requires
On November 1 , 1859 , Engine Co . 8 began service as the first steam engine in the department .	steam
Skiddle is an event ticketing operation based in Preston since 2001 , which claims to be the UK 's largest what 's on guide .	claims
The lake has a surface area of 5,477 acre-feet with an average depth of 26 feet within 70 miles of shoreline and a capacity of 105,195 acre-feet .	depth
This corps was activated in February 1941 for the German invasion of the Soviet Union , which commenced on June 22 , 1941 .	invasion
The unification of a " home market " among people in a country who speak the same language typically stimulated nationalist ideologies .	speak
In August 1945 , Sundlun attained the rank of captain , and left active service at the end of the war .	rank
She went on to describe it as one of her favorite tracks on the album , along with it being one of the easiest to write .	write
They also believed that the promise of economic union would give Newfoundlanders a positive reason to reject Confederation .	reason
In 1864 , he built an adobe brick building at what is now 53rd and Tennyson Streets , just west of the campus of Regis University .	brick
Plans were in motion to record a full-length album , however the group disbanded before this could happen .	motion
A single leaf may contain more than ten such mines .	contain
The demolished settlements along the Lyari River in most cases did not have all the utilities and were not planned constructions .	demolished
Used as a training ship , subsequently became an unnamed accommodation ship at a Polish naval base .	naval
But that movie was like doing a play .	doing
Octocorals contain eight body extensions while Hexacorals have six .	contain
They focus on the core product of fragrance and advertise it to appeal to customers .	core
He started the 2016 – 17 season in a career-worst shooting funk , going 2-of-17 from the three-point line over the Wildcats ' first two games .	shooting
Tried to kill Kahlan and succeeded ( almost ) .	kill
When she does not arrive until midnight , he walks alone through the streets , desperate .	streets
The footbrake system moved to drums on the rear axle in 1913 .	rear
Plaut was the rabbi of Holy Blossom Temple in Toronto for several decades and since 1978 was its senior scholar .	decades
They then cross a creek and return to prove the rafts float .	cross
" 3 " is also available in translation in the Czech Republic .	translation
According to the " Los Angeles Times " , " The Hurt Locker " performed better than most recent dramas about Middle East conflict .	conflict
It provides clinicians a way to measure the dyshemoglobins , carboxyhemoglobin , and methemoglobin along with total hemoglobin .	measure
This palm was added to the endangered species list of the United States in 1990 , with a threatened status .	threatened
The actor revealed that he shares some similarities with Bailey .	shares
Luciano Bux ( 29 June 1936 – 8 August 2014 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop .	bishop
In 22 matches he took 65 wickets at an average of 17.20 , with best innings figures of 6 / 35 .	figures
It was the fifth entry in the " Madame Aema " series , the longest-running film series in Korean cinema .	entry
NO – the chemical formula of nitrous oxide or " laughing gas " ) .	chemical
Dodd brought in John Held , Jr. for the 1940-1941 school year and Jean Charlot for the 1941-1942 school year as artists in residence .	residence
Barceló believed that this would eventually led to Puerto Rico 's independence .	independence
As the Aizu Campaign opened , Nagaoka and Komine Castles were the scenes of heavy fighting .	scenes
The Turkish military perceived itself as the guardian of Kemalist ideology , the official state ideology , especially of the secular aspects of Kemalism .	aspects
Theater owners have also complained about distributors " bunching too many movies too close together " .	owners
Her focus shifted toward preservation when she became the first president of the Commission on Preservation and Access .	toward
There has been concern that the service could be misused by stalkers , abusive ex partners , private investigators , and identity thieves .	identity
The Comet River Weir is the main water storage facility on the river , with a surface area of when full .	storage
Records , a label they remain on to this day and through which Portman has also released all of his other musical output .	output
He notes how deeply he fell in love with Varenka and grew to admire her father during the course of the night .	notes
In the 1983 USFL championship game the Michigan Panthers defeated the Philadelphia Stars 24 – 22 to become USFL champions .	champions
He was survived by his brother , Edward M. Slocum .	survived
It is a member of the Eupleridae , a family of carnivorans closely related to the mongoose family ( Herpestidae ) .	closely
" Push the Button " appears on the soundtrack to " It 's a Boy Girl Thing " ( 2006 ) .	soundtrack
Again , there was no luck for the runner-up with the Dutch combination August Muller / Henk van Heek coming second in 1985 , 1986 and 1987 .	combination
The owls are considered lucky charms in Burmese tradition .	tradition
On July 20 , 2018 , the media covering the OVC released their preseason poll with the Golden Eagles predicted to finish in last place .	covering
Williams then returned to the bathroom where he continued shooting at students , later surrendering to the police .	shooting
Daniels eventually won the bout at 17 minutes and 10 seconds by utilizing his signature Angel 's Wings maneuver .	seconds
Down went on hiatus in 1996 but returned three years later with Pantera bassist Rex Brown replacing Todd Strange .	replacing
This incident is called Gyeongsin hwanguk ( 경신환국 ) .	incident
The time allowed is one hour .	hour
This period saw a small stream of new arrivals from Italy .	stream
Sazak had got out of his car and he was trying to take his belongings out of the car 's boot .	trying
The aspect that rings most true is her sense of being an outsider , a Catholic in Protestant England .	sense
The medieval Cathedral of Barcelona suffered bomb damage and more than one thousand people died , including many children .	medieval
He built a national reputation as an arbiter of taste and literature before his death in 1880 .	reputation
In 1972 he won the bronze medal with the Romanian team .	bronze
They are one of the few English league clubs to have been champions of all four tiers of the English professional league .	champions
There were many complaints of police brutality and a 13-year-old boy went into a coma after being struck on the head by a plastic bullet .	struck
Madad Khan , the original Khan of Phulra , had two branches of offspring i.e .	branches
Hénaff joined the leadership of the PCF 's " Organisation Spéciale " , where he was responsible for coordinating between the various armed units .	armed
Noijin Kangsang was first climbed via the South Face and Southwest Ridge on 28 April 1986 by a Chinese expedition .	expedition
Despite his hot temper , he values friendship and brotherhood more than anything else .	values
The sandhill dunnart is so rare , little is known about its appearance .	rare
( She would later achieve a Bachelor of Arts in 1979 . )	achieve
By looking at different parts of Uluru , you can see the stories that are told illustrated .	looking
Recently , the declining importance of the Schafkopf game as a leisure activity , especially among young people , has been discussed in Bavarian media .	importance
Thus , a rook is better-placed behind the enemy 's pawn .	enemy
He began by petitioning the authorities so that a special assize could be held at Chichester .	authorities
It is also revealed that Batman had suspected that it was really Jason Todd he fought with and that Todd had been stalking him since then .	really
It is cared for by an independent charity — Historic Royal Palaces — which receives no funding from the British Government or the Crown .	funding
A 2001 remake of the movie for ABC starred Sean Maher as Piccolo and Mekhi Phifer as Sayers .	starred
Or , as in our Must List , a concept the Betty writers blatantly stole .	writers
Additionally per Hal ´ s request Simon became the protector of Hal Jordan 's family .	request
Many of the property owners during the Quiet Years were from Washington , D.C. , and Pittsburgh .	owners
These weapons , and the grenades , can be upgraded by collecting upgrade chips .	weapons
Tropical storm warnings were issued from the coast of the Dominican Republic south of Santo Domingo to the Haitian coast south of Port-au-Prince .	storm
The man was tall and of slender build .	tall
Kate talks with Darla on the scene , but when Kate turns her back , Angel grabs Darla and takes her away to the convent .	turns
Prospective studies produce much higher quality evidence , but are much more difficult and time-consuming to perform .	perform
Instead , it utilized temporary air base squadrons and air base units to support tactical units in Korea .	temporary
Mary was the younger daughter of the architect James Paine and half sister of the sculptor James Paine .	architect
Most wins by a trainer :	wins
The British battlecruiser had eight guns , a length , a beam , a draught , and for 29 knots .	guns
In September 1999 , it was bought unmodernised by businessman Paul Gregg from a member of the Saudi royal family .	royal
They are nonflammable and more easily recycled than batteries that employ toxic or flammable materials .	easily
Devon was also warned by Dwight in " The Dundies " to keep his speech short .	speech
Exome sequencing revealed an unexpected well-conserved recessive mutation in a gene called SLC26A3 which is associated with congenital chloride diarrhea ( CLD ) .	gene
He and Sano eventually battle Sora and Nike using a combination of their styles known as the Apollo Road , though they lose and Spitfire is killed .	combination
In March 2016 , the Thai government approved the first LRT project in Khon Kaen province , to be built by the private sector .	sector
Meanwhile , Hum and Strum discovered they had two unexpected fans : radio comedy duo Bob and Ray .	fans
Nancy J. Chodorow states that homophobia can be viewed as a method of protection of male masculinity .	protection
Now , let us define " q " ( " i " , " j " ) in somewhat more general terms :	somewhat
MUHS offers undergraduate and postgraduate studies including Ph.D. in all branches of health sciences .	branches
He fought privately owned utility monopolies , and set up competing companies owned by the city .	competing
They have been recognised as a wetland of international importance by designation under the Ramsar Convention since 2005 .	importance
Sagavoll folkehøgskole , Sagavoll Folk High School , is a Christian folk high school in Norway .	folk
Corporate finance concerns the two money raising options for limited companies .	concerns
The individual stories are not linked by an overarching narrative ; though some characters take part in multiple stories , there are unique protagonists for each song .	linked
In 2014 , Snoop Dogg claimed to have become a vegan , although he was filmed wearing fur less than a year later .	filmed
This election was caused by the vacancy following the resignation of David White , who unsuccessfully contested the lower house seat of Tullamarine .	contested
His YouTube Channel EsNews has over 626 Million views and over 337,000 Subscribers .	views
His meritorious services earned him several awards including a life membership of the Students ’ Union .	membership
It was the first time in history that a team had attempted to survive in Antarctica relying solely on renewable energy .	attempted
The flowers are composed of six ovate petals , in length which overlap and are colored white or pink flushed .	flowers
He saw the leader was experiencing great efforts to keep his plane under control and his observer was dead .	plane
The cables are manufactured and then irradiated and by varying both the carbon content and the dosage then different tape with different output characteristics can be produced .	output
The process of gastric ulceration is similar to esophageal reflux in people ( heart burn ) , where acid damages the epithelium of the esophagus .	acid
He also presented the idea of a " Business Premises Tax " , which was adapted into the " Blampied proposal " .	adapted
Population : 47,842 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Cherepanovo accounts for 41.4 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
On June 20 , 2013 , the United States women 's national soccer team played an international friendly against the South Korea women 's national football team .	soccer
2007 : " Peter Pan , or The boy who would not grow up by J.M .	grow
He notices Caz rushing through the fire escape , however when he chases her , he loses sight of her .	escape
< small > Chosen by team officials and IHF experts : IHF.info	officials
The non-latch-up design concept was filed for US patents .	filed
The majority of Slovene victims during the war were from the northern Slovenia , i.e .	victims
Second version of Tee Dee 15 with thicker cylinder and wrist pin conrod instead of ball socket .	ball
Albrekt himself answered that although he might have shared bed with Maria " in youthful vanity " , they had not done more than that .	shared
Single-ram baler : A single-ram baler is a baling machine that contains one cylinder .	machine
The electric department owns 3 substations and more than of transmission and distribution lines .	electric
She also gave an interview to the " Express " in 2009 , which included recent photographs and was billed as her first in 26 years .	interview
For the barrage itself of concrete was used .	concrete
In August 1968 , he went to Sweden , where he initially worked in various paraprofessionals before he learned Swedish .	learned
The constituency elects 4 deputies ( Teachtaí Dála , commonly known as TDs ) .	constituency
Mail is transported three or seven times a week , depending on the destination .	depending
They developed a theoretical model of electron densities and the atomic scattering factor in solids .	factor
She was engaged to a soldier called Caz Hammond ( Rhea Bailey ) .	engaged
She went to Cheadle Royal Hospital in Cheshire to qualify as a registered mental nurse ( RMN ) .	registered
So the sound is more of an artistic approach than anything else .	artistic
However , this environment was itself man-made , since the area had been denuded by flint-mining , the construction of rabbit warrens and other activities .	environment
Viral marketing for " The Aliens " was organised by Channel 4 's in-house creative agency 4Creative .	agency
Adjacent to Wilsonville Station , the blue metal structure employs six mechanics .	blue
In early 1998 , the singer 's debut solo album Piasek was released The publication was promoted among others .	publication
José Gómez ( 5th generation ) manages the modern estate and oversees the manufacture of Joselito 's produce .	generation
Ohr Avner Chabad Day School ( also known as Chabad Ohr Avner ) is an educational complex founded by Baku religious community of Jews .	educational
Rose was only in shortly , then she and Aaron 's sister Betty Collins .	shortly
It 's [ a ] semi-synthy , mid-tempo , contempo R & B pop that 's flawlessly executed . "	executed
The pick gave K-State the ball at its own 46-yard line but could not score heading into the locker room .	ball
Utica Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
The management of Newark Watershed , the city 's property and water supply , is undergoing reorganisation .	supply
Krishna Varma sent an agent for peace talks .	peace
This is evident as he receives promotions and is involved with the highly regarded Wild Tiger Cavalry Corps .	regarded
He is unable to understand , and his love for Varenka dissipates .	unable
In 1888 the local folklore society was formed and in 1892 the Schliersee farmers theatre was formed , the first Bavarian folk theatre .	folk
He was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 4 , 1957 , and received commission the same day .	commission
Most Thai popular magazines use English headlines as a chic glamour factor .	factor
The leaves are divided into linear or lance-shaped lobes , the middle much longer than the others , and are arranged alternately all along the stem .	arranged
Civil rights groups in Britain in 2010 argued that the body scanning of children contravened the law relating to child pornography .	argued
The offense brings two quarterbacks onto the field for a play .	onto
Points were awarded to the top 20 classified finishers in all races as follows .	classified
Sahar Zakaria made her acting debut with the series ‘ Under Your Protection ’ ( 1995 ) , before trying her hand at stage acting .	trying
Duels continued to be fought at the site , and the marble was slowly vandalized and removed for souvenirs , leaving nothing remaining by 1820 .	nothing
Nearly a decade later , in the ninth-season episode " Work Bus " , it is mentioned that Jerry has died .	decade
After Marie Goslich 's death , 410 glass negatives ( Format 13X18 ) were kept by Mrs. Herrmann .	glass
Modern reception of the album is positive , with critics considering the album 's similarity to punk rock a decade later .	decade
" Special routes of U.S. Route 16	routes
As Real had no troops , he devoted himself to observe the behavior of the suspects and to win the confidence of key military leaders .	behavior
4 Swedish professional tennis player .	tennis
Likewise , he points to Indigenous knowledge that conceptualises human interconnectedness with the earth as gift-reciprocity relationships and as a model for social relationships .	knowledge
His wife instigated the taking in ( no adoption ever took place ) of Annie while Warbucks was away on a business trip .	trip
In 1814 , a seminar Lviv separated from the Seminar General .	separated
Robespierre and the French Revolution is a 2009 documentary broadcast on BBC Two in July 2009 .	documentary
The species name is derived from Latin " additus " ( meaning added ) .	derived
Cars 22 - 25 Single deck combination cars built 1902 - 40 seats - sold in 1907 to the Potteries Electric Traction Company	combination
It is endemic to Three Kings Islands , New Zealand .	endemic
Since then , the rate of decomposition has been extremely low in the submerged anaerobic conditions and the preservation of organic material has been excellent . "	extremely
The University of Virginia School of Architecture is the university 's architecture school .	architecture
Because spreading in the SWIR is ultra-slow , the mantle beneath should be abnormally cool , which could prevent melting of the rocks .	prevent
Some of these tracts set Irish history within universal history , in the tradition of the Eusebius-Jerome " Chronicon " .	tradition
The Offer was apparently not accepted , and with that a golden opportunity was thrown Away .	opportunity
The Tehuacán Valley is rich with mineral springs , and these water sources were eagerly tapped for farming by early residents of the area .	rich
This larger assembly was known as the " great " curia regis " " , " Magnum Concilium " , or simply the Great Council .	assembly
The device was stored dismantled in the bow compartment as a pole about two metres long .	device
In July 2007 , the MOH was granted $ 1.25 million from the Global Fund to maintain low HIV prevalence among its population .	maintain
Small hydro power plant was opened in October 1995 near Thame with installed capacity of 600 kW .	installed
It is the one of the oldest churches in Dakshina Kannada district .	churches
Thaddeus and his colleagues designed a radio telescope custom-built for the task of mapping the entire Milky Way in CO .	task
A fired construction worker from Caritas reports to Holtz , recounting what he overheard at the bar .	fired
The program was accepted in over 100 universities in 28 countries across the Middle East , North Africa , South Asia , Europe and North America .	universities
The measure went into effect in July 2015 .	measure
David Hickman writes " In most cases , double buzzes occur because of sore or bruised lips .	occur
During early spring training in 2010 , Guzmán suffered significant ligament tears in the front bottom of his right ( throwing ) shoulder .	bottom
Smith published an autobiography in 2005 , entitled " And Smith Did Score " , the royalties from which he donated to children 's charities .	donated
Often opposing leaders or governing bodies get other people to fight for them , even if those fighting have no vested interest in the issues fought over .	bodies
Between 1973 and 1983 they played as VfR Oli Bürstadt in recognition of sponsoring firm Otto Limburg Bürstadt-Bobstadt .	recognition
When Bailey catches Gem rigging the school captain vote , he guilts her into replacing the stolen votes .	replacing
The official countdown to the games ' opening ceremony began a year prior on 11 December 2012 .	ceremony
The Small Municipality form of government is available as an option only for municipalities with a population of under 12,000 .	option
William Ernest Graham ( 29 January 1886 – 5 September 1947 ) was an Irish field hockey player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .	hockey
There is also a selection of various Hotels and restaurants .	selection
He studied music education.He has an older brother , a judge and harpist ZHR Krzysztof Piaseczny , and a younger sister Basia .	judge
Federal Aviation Administration records say it had 36,035 passenger boardings ( enplanements ) in calendar year 2008 , 42,130 in 2009 and 37,316 in 2010 .	passenger
Hub Radio has its roots from a joint venture with Bristol University under the banner Fresh FM back in 1994 .	joint
On arrival , Bertie learns that Florence thinks that Stilton should be an M.P .	arrival
The parish house was added to the rear of the church from 1928 to 1929 .	rear
The studio songs included one written but never recorded by bass player Mike Uzelac who was in Helix from 1980 to 1983 .	bass
The two most famous sections of " Spring and All " are poems I and XXII .	sections
In the interwar period Šwjela collected the Sorbian geographical name in the Cottbus area and worked on a Lower Sorbian dictionary .	collected
It is an ornate building with intricate pattern .	pattern
Chuck Dauphin of " Roughstock " gave the song a favorable review , writing that " the harmonies are nothing short of incredible . "	nothing
Aside from these plants , Petri also founded some research and assembly plants later on .	assembly
FC Nürnberg still compete with their first teams at state level .	compete
His father , grandfather , brother Gavin , uncle , and first cousin are or were also dentists .	cousin
His undergraduate work was at Princeton University , graduating in 1954 .	graduating
" You gotta have a PhD in engineering just to use the thermostat !	engineering
The only means to view Bell TV illegally is through IKS ( Internet Key Sharing ) devices which include NFusion FTA and the Slinger .	devices
The three-storeyed timber house was built in 1914 for Dr Thomas Henry Reeve Mathewson to a design by architect Thomas Ramsay Hall .	architect
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international version of the classification .	classification
At Wolfram and Hart , Holland and Lindsey are discussing the evening 's planned party when Drusilla arrives to update them on recent events .	evening
Martin has had wide experience racing in European based open-wheel series since 2006 .	racing
These abnormalities cause abnormal joint stress , meaning that the joints can wear out , leading to osteoarthritis .	joint
" List of concerts at Barclays Center	concerts
Sometime after 1910 , he modified the original Bohemian spelling of his surname to Stasny .	modified
Sutcliffe refused medical attention at the time and failed to keep an X-ray appointment at Sefton General Hospital .	appointment
On the base are carved garlands of leaves , flowers ( including hibiscus and daisies ) and bows .	flowers
The Pacific Plate moves northwestward relative to the North American Plate at about to per year , meeting the continental landmass in the Gulf of Alaska .	relative
The LDS Church teaches that people leave for a variety of reasons .	reasons
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " GH " , the third-highest of eight groupings .	classified
In the co-main event , New Zealand prospect Fa won his second unanimous points victory in a one-sided contest against fellow New Zealander Junior Pati .	contest
The Soviet Union responded by initiating electronic jamming of VOA broadcasts on April 24 , 1949 .	electronic
Starting with this edition of the tournament , all participating nations were split into two divisions .	divisions
Thereza Dillwyn Llewelyn ( 1834 – February 1926 ) was a Welsh astronomer and pioneer in scientific photography .	scientific
Still living with her embarrassing parents , she spends her nights in her room , planning the wedding she hopes to have someday .	planning
She is the daughter of journalist Maggie Scarf and economist Herbert Scarf .	journalist
For the company , setting agreements on objectives results in time savings in the business process .	setting
In comparison to the 2014 season five extra Grands Prix were added .	extra
Since 1992 , he has been a member of the Ludwig Quartet of Bonn , and he also works closely with the pianist Birgitta Wollenweber .	closely
Kantner and Slick made news again in 1972 , when they were accused of assaulting a policeman after their Akron , Ohio concert .	accused
During that time he also served as a member of the provincial council for the Franciscan Province of the Sacred Heart from 1999 to 2002 .	provincial
After the Munich Massacre at the 1972 Olympics , the Villages have been made extremely secure .	extremely
The forewings are warm buff with isabella colour lines from the costal margin towards the dorsum .	colour
The name of the city is derived from Iranian languages and means the " joy of Arta " .	derived
Susan Elizabeth MacDonald ( born 11 July 1951 ) is a Scottish Anglican priest .	priest
He ultimately served 44 months before being released in June 1997 .	ultimately
But growth returned when the railroads were built and came through , following the old roads .	roads
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , Vilcún spans an area of and has 22,491 inhabitants ( 11,392 men and 11,099 women ) .	inhabitants
Also , Achayan says that Malayalam Cinema needs directors with good will , Priyadarshan replies if he takes this money and do this film .	needs
In November 1957 he confided , " … I feel … utterly lost and isolated .	feel
They have two daughters : Zofie and Anne .	daughters
In Congress , New Jersey Senator Theodore Frelinghuysen and Tennessee Congressman Davy Crockett spoke out against the legislation .	legislation
Using a SMC culture more fitting for experiments , the researchers managed to demonstrate that low density lipoproteins are capable of stimulating Ca to exit endoplasmic reticulum .	capable
In the park , the hot springs have not been preserved in their unaltered state as natural surface phenomena .	preserved
The service is unusual amongst those on the West Coast Main Line as it does not yet have a clockface timetable .	unusual
The ability to increase traction is important for slip-free motion on surfaces such as smooth rock faces and ice , and is especially critical for moving uphill .	motion
After finishing third in the table in 2005 – 06 season , Dinamo Tirana named Faruk Sejdini as their new coach .	finishing
deep ellum ensemble at Trinity River Arts Center , Dallas , Texas and The Ice Factory , Ohio Theater , NYC ( 2005 )	deep
When slicing meat , the grooves fill with fat and juices , which permits less contact between the meat and blade .	contact
So a fixed recording ( i.e .	fixed
The per capita income for the city was $ 23,537 .	capita
In the years following the de-registration of the BLF in 1986 , CPA ( M-L ) influence within the union movement began to decline .	decline
Observational studies found a minor correlation between daily consumption of green tea and a 5 % lower risk of death from cardiovascular disease .	risk
The Regent Honeyeater is also an endangered species which uses the Livingstone National Park for part of its seasonal requirements .	requirements
In 1995 , the album was nominated for the Grammy Award in the " Best Jazz Solo Performance " category .	category
He was survived by his wife and a 5-year-old daughter .	survived
He decides to keep his alliance with Genesis as it will be beneficial to Trident and he wishes to one day fight against Kogarasumaru .	decides
Hallandale Beach is served by several bus routes operated by Broward County Transit .	routes
It means roughly ' Nuts to you ! '	roughly
From that moment onwards she became a well-known symbol in Icelandic poetry .	poetry
Thailand has cable landing points in Satun , Petchaburi and Chonburi .	landing
In the event of a tie , a series of sudden death questions were asked until one of the finalists could not duplicate the other 's performance .	questions
The project was partially funded by the Singapore Tourism Board and had a budget of US $ 24 million .	budget
" I think there was a great juxtaposition between this sort of Man of Steel and woman of Earth , " Adams said .	think
The design adopted was submitted to His Majesty King Edward VII , and he was pleased to approve of it as the Australian flag in 1902 .	flag
The public school district , Cedar Falls Community Schools , includes two junior high schools and six elementary schools .	junior
This bat has claws on its feet and one ( its thumbnail ) on the end of its wings .	wings
During the studying in university he took part in debating-societies , constructive groups in Psychology and Sociology .	studying
On January 24 , 2006 , David Bussau gave the 10th Australia Day Address with the subject " A Giving Nation . "	10th
Jerome signed for Birmingham City on 31 May 2006 , for a transfer fee reported as an initial £ 3 million , potentially rising to £ 4m .	transfer
In 2013 , U.S. Steel 's Clairton Coke Works plant sought a property reassessment .	sought
The 1997 split was intended as a long-term solution .	solution
He told in his speech :	speech
He tested again in December 2008 at the same circuit , for another day 's testing .	testing
They were eliminated from the 2003 – 04 UEFA Cup in the opening round of games in the competition by Slovenians NK Olimpija Ljubljana .	eliminated
Population : 17,405 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Dovolnoye accounts for 38.9 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
The new dynasty moved the capital of Thonburi to Rattanakosin , today 's Bangkok .	dynasty
That same year the Tacoma Stars of the MISL selected him with the # 1 pick in the draft .	draft
The Black Wheel is a fantasy novel by American writers A. Merritt and Hannes Bok .	writers
In modern Tai Le orthographies , initial consonants precede vowels , vowels precede final consonants and tone marks , if present , follow the entire syllable .	follow
By the 1830s most soap makers were manufacturing their own alkali by the Leblanc process , rather than using alkali from vegetable sources .	manufacturing
In Kallman 's one campaign at Creighton he started 17 of the 23 matches he played in , helping to anchor a stingy Bluejay defense .	defense
5α-Reductase is an important and major enzyme involved in the metabolism of progesterone , and the skin is known to express high levels of this enzyme .	skin
The images must be clear and usually have scales .	images
It was just a really nasty time period . " .	really
He played in local orchestras from 1937 to 1940 , toured from 1940 to 1942 and worked with his own trio in Boston in 1944 .	toured
One individual of " S. hanjiangensis " was a 30-year-old tall and weighed .	tall
He is currently writing about gender dynamics within the atheist and freethought movements and the problem of divorce in orthodox religious communities .	gender
Faults in Tasmania – Victoria and Northern Victoria Land have been identified as Cambrian remains of the west-dipping subduction zone along the eastern margin of Gondwana .	zone
Paul uses the phrase " for a time will come " ( ἔσται ) which translates more closely to " there will be " .	closely
The 2015 – 16 Southern Utah Thunderbirds women 's basketball team represents Southern Utah University during the 2015 – 16 NCAA Division I women 's basketball season .	represents
To get over his sadness about leaving Dylan and Autumn , Chris throws one last party that turns into a hilarious disaster .	turns
This is not really my thing right here . "	really
In 1877 the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary relocated to Louisville from Greenville , South Carolina , where it had been founded in 1859 .	relocated
This changed in the 1930s , and the team 's name has been " The Westerners " ever since .	1930s
The journey of the Bakhtiari is so astonishing , the power of those images is like a dream , the way the 're constantly moving and climbing .	images
Some were surprised that Achebe would challenge a man honoured in the West for his " reverence for life " .	challenge
Because it gives detailed teaching with a view to imparting direct understanding of the principle of this non-sought spontaneity with regard to all existential elements .	understanding
Critics wondered why it was necessary to have twice the displacement of the warship to be countered and why it was not preferable to build a battleship .	necessary
Don died in Collingwood , Victoria on 27 September 1866 , survived by a daughter of his first marriage and a son .	survived
" That is precisely the question before us . "	question
It has a fox-like face , tawny fur , orange underparts and black ears , nose and wings .	wings
Auditions for the All District Band are typically in early December or early January depending on the district 's policy .	depending
Coga received 20 shillings ( ) to participate in the experiment .	participate
The lyrical idea came from a book he was reading .	reading
The Board on Geographic Names settled on " Blue River " as the stream 's official name in 1977 .	stream
On January 3 , 2007 , Ottawa acquired centre Mike Comrie from the Phoenix Coyotes in exchange for prospect Alexei Kaigorodov .	exchange
There is even a family connection between hero and villain : Frank Welborn is the nephew of Sir Giles ' late wife .	connection
Wilkinson plays the part of Lord Darcy in the third season showing of Showtime 's miniseries " The Tudors " which began airing on 12 April 2009 .	showing
Szirtes was a judge for the 2017 Griffin Poetry Prize .	judge
In 2004 , it was the second oldest brick building in Baker .	brick
Jens Ritter Instruments are best known for their progressive design and construction , artistic appearance and limited availability .	artistic
Coastal Highway crosses the Maryland border and heads south through Ocean City as Maryland Route 528 .	heads
In April 2014 , Judd was appointed weekend weather presenter on " Nine News Melbourne " .	weather
The 1915 Mint Director 's report deemed the oak branch an " emblem of strength " .	strength
Some results from these elections are included on this page .	page
Named after Charlotte Mason ( Marie Shew ) 1842-1923 , an educationalist whose philosophy influences much on the best practice of modern primary schools .	philosophy
The first and most costly example of this behavior was the mythical " bomber gap . "	behavior
Insurance companies may use various formulas to calculate downtime losses .	losses
It has one runway designated 18 / 36 with a concrete surface measuring 5,001 by 100 feet ( 1,524 x 30 m ) .	concrete
Lajuma is the highest peak at .	peak
As a result , the " Shaolin " moniker was applied to other Buddhist temples with strong reputations for martial arts .	arts
The chorals were translated into what would be the first English performance anywhere in the world .	translated
One of the main buildings at the old site , which contained the principals office was kept on site for use as the pre-school .	contained
In summer 2008 , he was hired by Belgian team BC Oostende , but left in October .	hired
The burial chamber is dated to 895-903 AD .	dated
Another result of this cultural influence was the strength of the Republican Party in Michigan .	strength
Its natural habitat is moist savanna .	habitat
Daniel French Slaughter ( October 15 , 1799 October 13 , 1882 ) was Virginia planter and politician from two distinguished families of politicians and soldiers .	distinguished
After a yearlong stay in America , she graduated from high-school and moved to Munich to study music , dance , and acting .	stay
Venice offered 20,000 ducats for the Anti-Ottoman defense .	defense
The French rejected their standard hexagonal configuration for the main armament of the " Courbet " class .	rejected
In 2011 , " The Lion King " was converted to 3D for a two-week limited theatrical re-issue and subsequent 3D Blu-ray release .	subsequent
She has three surviving children .	surviving
The line serves as the sole continuous link between the town of Northwood and London , key for a region known as Metro-Land .	link
Arousal is a basic physiological response to the presentation of stimuli .	basic
The mills were initially wind powered .	wind
The American publishers were unhappy with the open-ending in the book and so commissioned Rankin to complete the story for the American market .	commissioned
The total number of human resources working in mental health facilities or private practice per 100,000 population is 87.023 , among which 342 are psychiatrist .	resources
For reinforcing elements such as beams , columns , ring-beams and foundations , concrete will be used .	concrete
The highway follows the southern bank of the Colorado River through a narrow , steep gorge , described as spectacular by " National Geographic " .	narrow
He committed to UNLV under head coach Dave Rice on May 12 , 2012 .	committed
All of its existence are seen in this aerial photo .	existence
Other Carmarthenshire banks include : Carmarthen Furnace Bank , Carmarthen Bank , Llandovery Bank , Llanelly Bank , and Marten & Co ..	banks
Ren holds 1.42 % of the shares of Huawei , valued at US $ 450 million in 2010 .	shares
In 2013 , iPod Touch devices were given to students with relevant apps uploaded in order to incorporate technology in class , in the name of e-learning .	devices
Muhammad then appointed Sa 'd ibn Mua 'dh to decide the fate of the Jewish tribe .	tribe
It was also shown on South Korea 's Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation to the entire nation of the Republic of Korea ( ROK ) .	nation
The bill was not enacted into law .	bill
The larger of the spacecraft 's two telescopes attempts to find the planets using the transit method .	attempts
Beginning her career in 1985 at the age of four , Good has appeared in numerous television shows , films , and music videos .	videos
The responsibility for operating the telecommunications facilities was awarded to the Norwegian Telecommunications Administration .	responsibility
Jan van Rymsdyk ( also Rijmsdijck , Riemsdyk , Remsdyke ) ( c . 1730 - c . 1790 ) was a Dutch painter and engraver .	painter
The discovery site thereupon renamed in silver hill .	hill
Despite their fiercely independent nature , the Katis , together with the Kom tribe , were tributary to the Mehtar of Chitral .	tribe
Between 1976 and 1993 he published five volumes of poetry .	poetry
This allows researchers to believe that organisms can live in similar extreme situations such as those on Mars where temperatures are colder and less oxygen is available .	believe
Today , they are more commonly found on the navigable rivers rather than canals .	rivers
Ex-Mormons in geographic locations away from major enclaves of Mormon culture such as Utah may experience less stigmatization , however .	locations
Popescu was a candidate representing the National Democratic Bloc , gaining 37,985 votes , or 8,71 % .	representing
A Masonic Lodge is a basic organizational unit in Freemasonry .	basic
Urmenyi 's descendants sold the building and left four pieces of bedroom furniture and a life-size portrait of Maria Theresa , which later disappeared .	pieces
In 2009 , the district employed 94 teachers .	teachers
Lees wrote " No Turning Back " , a book about her life , for which she reportedly received an advance of £ 250,000 .	advance
The musicologists Salas and Pauletto consider Caba as an " intuitive composer with the vernacular motives of his homeland " .	composer
Fruit are linear and cuboid and contain red seeds .	contain
Sadamasu 's print offers a panoramic view of Tempōzan crowded with visitors partaking in " o-hanami " .	visitors
In 2014 the hospital celebrated its 120th birthday .	celebrated
Each with slightly different displacement and power .	slightly
Shallow water populations produce short-lived flowers which may cross-pollinate .	flowers
This led to experiments and theories to understand the shift and determine aerodynamic configurations that would allow the rocket to remain stable .	determine
On September 26 , a tropical wave exited Africa and quickly developed a low pressure area .	tropical
Although his statement was dismissed by General Khalid Mahmud Arif in 1979 .	statement
His work has also been cited internationally in law journals .	cited
However , the Bengals faced the Texans in the first round yet again and took another early exit , losing 19 – 13 .	faced
Non-French speakers follow the IB curriculum .	follow
On undirected graphs , where there is no physical distinction between the ends of a link , i.e .	link
There are also ten known nuclear isomers .	nuclear
The location has grown in years as a popular destination for American craft beer enthusiasts .	grown
Each of the games has a hub where the Skylanders can start their missions from :	missions
She was then admitted to the NSW Bar as a Barrister in 2008 .	admitted
The Film Heritage Awards were presented for the restorations of classical work of artists in field of film and music :	classical
He worked at Manufacture de Vincennes ( 1741 ) before joining Sèvres in 1756 where he was known as No .	joining
From 29.300 MHz to 29.510 MHz the satellite sub band allows amateur radio operators to communicate with orbiting OSCARs .	amateur
Sens-Beaujeu is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
The unemployment schemes and mass unemployment came to an end with the onset of World War II .	mass
A confrontation with Alison causes Livvie to fall down a flight of stairs .	causes
Both were trained by John Campo .	trained
The main reason it is not more widely available is the difficulties encountered in propagation by either seed or cuttings .	reason
4 and 5 , providing service to Wilmington , the Christiana Mall , Elkton , MD , and Dover .	providing
10 BMD-4M and 15 BTR-MDM delivered in early 2017 .	delivered
He was excluded from KPÖ in 1958 when he started — in the wake of the Hungarian Uprising of 1956 — to challenge Stalinism .	challenge
The argument turns towards Barb 's difficulty spinning webs , and she runs away .	turns
hit105 's service is licensed for 12Kw Effective Radiated Power at the antenna , and operates its transmitters at 5Kw base power .	operates
Francis made the transfer to becoming an actress through choreography , and performed with the Cheltenham Repertory Company between 1969 and 1970 .	transfer
Comparing the homology between genes and their products , is fundamental in understanding the phylogenetic relationship across the evolutionary pathway .	understanding
Though Joseph Kimhi was in Provence , the genre really became popular only in Germany .	really
Eddy asked Crafts to set up a practice with her , but the plan came to nothing .	nothing
The northwest portion of Staten Island ( which includes Mariners Harbor ) as well as the Far South Shore are the fastest growing areas of Staten Island .	northwest
The library 's online resources include licensing to OverDrive , Inc . , Hoopla ( digital media service ) , and Freegal Music .	resources
" Daily New " s ' Kirthana Ramisetti praised the album , commenting " MacFarlane channeled his Sinatra for this album . "	praised
The Social Democrat Police Senator Höhn frees them after they lightheartedly promise not to use violence .	violence
She was crowned Miss Italia nel Mondo 2010 , representing the Dominican Republic , June 30 , 2010 at the " Palazzo del Turismo " of Jesolo .	representing
This is described in vivid , hyperbolic terms , such as " " there 'll be nothing left in the world to trust " " .	nothing
Considered a three-star recruit by " Rivals.com " , he was rated as the 38th best offensive tackle prospect of his class .	offensive
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
The animal welfare organization Asesoría Legal Animal published one of the photos on Facebook , asking for help in stopping Vargas .	animal
A man in black assures her that the situation is under control .	situation
Males had a median income of $ 33,698 versus $ 24,707 for females .	versus
Barus served on New Jersey state commissions that studied needs of people with chronic illness and explored programs for emergency rations .	needs
Furthermore , the mint at Antioch produced more bronze coins than Seleucia .	bronze
" Play " experienced moderate commercial success .	experienced
The renovation also provided the Art and Science Department with a new state-of-the-art Darkroom and several brand new laboratories .	brand
In all , he ran for mayor seventeen times ( winning five such elections ) and for alderman ten times ( being elected three times ) .	mayor
The DSM-5 's diagnostic criteria for pedophilia specifies it as a disorder of sexual interest in prepubescent children generally age 13 years or younger .	sexual
From 1986 to 1988 he was the secretary general of the Young Conservatives ( " Unge Høyre " ) , the youth wing of the Conservative Party .	secretary
Soon everything is burning around Robert ; even the horses are slowly burning alive .	horses
The West Exhibition Hall 's layout consists of four internal halls surrounding a central two-tiered Atrium .	internal
After coming to Belbeliti , Muhammad Rashid continued his educational career .	educational
It had a huge effect on the American people . "	huge
Peripheral systems and a memory subsystem may be added using the processor 's implementation of a standardized 32-bit Wishbone bus interface .	memory
The certificates were non-interest bearing notes issued for supplies purchased or impressed , and to pay soldiers and officers .	notes
These capabilities help in surgeries such as transplants , skin grafts , and even reconstructive surgeries .	skin
By the 18th century , however , Dolbadarn Castle was ruined and uninhabited .	18th
Both processes are involved in the Lombard effect .	processes
That same month , Barrowman spoke at the Oxford Union about his career , the entertainment industry , and gay rights issues .	entertainment
The sole survivor , a soldier , was taken to a military hospital in Constantine due to injuries from head trauma .	injuries
The unripe fruit is green and hard .	fruit
He was loaned to Crotone but faced relegation again .	faced
The number of flexible-use gates that can accommodate both international and domestic flights will increase from two to six .	domestic
The attitude of courts favoured non-interference .	courts
At first glance , this seems similar to the thought process of third wave feminism , which embraced the concept of intersectionality .	seems
Certain structures are represented by adding an overbar to the unit , as in .	structures
A reference to " Orgazmo " a film released a year earlier by Parker and Stone	reference
An important consequence is that coordinates are not numbers anymore , but " functions " , which depend on the resolution .	functions
The hexagon shaped building features white horizontal siding , a large monitor with 12 windows , and an aerator .	windows
Casts of the current London , international tour and original 1985 London productions took part , comprising an ensemble of 300 performers and musicians .	musicians
The waters off Curlew Island have been popular among fishermen since the late 1800s .	waters
By that time , he already had a rating of 2520 .	rating
The waves then radiate out the horn end in a narrow beam .	narrow
" List of American railroad accidents	railroad
There are also lilies , purple orchids , and cacti along path .	path
In its first few decades , WRR-FM mostly simulcast its AM counterpart .	decades
Even so , for a short period , two Kurdish principalities - Bohtan and Soran - grew stronger and benefited from the decline of the other principalities .	decline
He conducted an interview with her for Colombian magazine " Cambio " .	interview
The floor allows three games to be played at the same time under one roof .	roof
Since the subsection is a gated community , visitors were routinely asked " ¿ Residente o visitante ? "	visitors
On 14 September 1889 , his body was brought back to his homeland , the land of his youth , resistance , victories and pride .	resistance
For example , if you give red chilly to one person , only he is affected by eating it .	affected
After the battle Caesar pardons the captured soldiers of Pompey , including Brutus to whom he says that if anyone wants peace they shall have it .	peace
Nas replacing 50 Cent caused controversy ; and the rappers , who were previously like " brothers " have resented each other since .	replacing
A large knife had cut through his upper spine causing paralysis .	causing
In 2007 , he played in 12 games with 10 starts .	starts
During the reign of King Yuriwang of Silla , people from Iseoguk ( 伊西國 ) attacked Gyeongju , and Silla was powerless .	reign
( of Afrikaans and Dutch origin ) is used in South African English .	origin
In discussion , Bigelow found that her cast and crew shared stereotypes of the region from American culture .	shared
1993 ) , who follows his father 's path and plays as a handball goalkeeper .	path
However , Lewsey was soon fit again in time for the 3rd game , which meant that Voyce was once again relegated to the bench .	meant
It has also hosted other events , including concerts , ice shows , trade shows , and conventions .	concerts
Another text , " Gosha Yatra " , from the 17th century too mentions the term .	17th
Just as Robert is leaving , however , the German makes a quick motion , and Robert shoots the German .	motion
He established orthographic rules and corrected inaccurately translated religious books by comparing them to the Greek originals .	translated
It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period .	dating
Automation has led to the production of sophisticated parts that have similar output qualities with little fluctuation in general tolerances .	output
It weighed nearly more than the roughly quadruple turrets of " Dunkerque " or the triple turrets of " Littorio " .	roughly
In January 2015 , there was renewed media pressure for Buckingham Palace to explain the Duke 's connection with Epstein .	connection
She described him as a charming , sensitive , and emotionally grounded man with high moral values .	values
Ralph Nader presidential campaign could refer to :	presidential
Angry at his treatment by the Byers enquiry , Scott sought other means of pursuing his vendetta against Thorpe .	sought
Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty are examples of " gray " propaganda during the Cold War .	examples
This is the around the age where the ability to acquire knowledge through induction occurs for the child .	knowledge
Israel resumed routine sailing of vessels in the Suez Canal .	vessels
The series was then republished in four compilation volumes .	compilation
He later moved to Oswestry , Shropshire where he established an architectural practice .	architectural
He immediately got back in the saddle and started beating the drums again , as if he 'd never stopped .	stopped
The Blackburn Cirrus Major is a British , four-cylinder , inline aircraft engine that was developed in the late 1930s .	1930s
Lucia is the wife of Rocco Cammeniti ( Robert Forza ) and is used to getting her own way .	getting
Furtwängler considered himself responsible for the Berlin Philharmonic and for his family , and decided to stay .	stay
Social programs like primary education and health care usually require large continuing subsidies , using up scarce tax dollars year after year .	require
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 14 persons ( 9.2 % ) .	persons
It was the only municipality in all of Broward County that had no other languages spoken as their mother tongue .	spoken
It is also a site of industrial-scale mining .	mining
Participants questioned whether sexual attraction to pubesecent children can be considered abnormal in a context where their sexualization is to a certain extent normative .	sexual
The second stage was justification or adoption characterized by a sense of having been forgiven and accepted by God through Christ 's mercy .	sense
These two statistics are therefore not available for most developing countries .	developing
He signed for Cardiff City on a free transfer on 2 August 2006 .	transfer
Unlike Node.js , the authors planned to keep io.js up-to-date with the latest releases of the Google V8 JavaScript engine .	authors
This was later purchased by the city of Palm Bay after GDC filed for bankruptcy in 1991 .	filed
The Q-S1 has in-body image stabilization as well as a built in flash .	image
As with Afghanistan , he advocated a higher-profile European interest in these countries and their needs .	needs
His emphasis upon the absolute incorporeality of God only finds its true light when the Christian doctrine of the incarnation is borne in mind .	mind
Later versions also provided the ability to multi-task several instances of the SuperBASIC interpreter , something not supported by QDOS .	something
The eight acre ( 3.2 hectare ) factory site was bounded by College , Young , Weber and South Streets .	factory
Though none of the Gravity Children require tuners , Spitfire still has a close relationship with her before his death .	require
In qualification , each athlete jumped three times ( stopping early if they made the qualifying distance ) .	qualifying
" 2007 Latvian security laws referendum	laws
The Italian forces in Russia had been reduced to less than 150,000 men , and 34,000 of these were wounded .	wounded
Our Grateful hearts to Him we raise	raise
In November 2014 it signed an exclusive output deal to distribute Luc Besson 's EuropaCorp English productions in Canada .	output
Young Ian Brown and Pete Garner — later of The Stone Roses — were in attendance at the studio recording session of this single .	session
With this strategy , the Solar Team was able to run numerous television ads and post signs all over the state of Arizona .	strategy
Kukla and Matthews then highlighted the dangers of global cooling in Science magazine and , to President Richard Nixon .	global
In 1919 , Bruun was elected to the Norwegian parliament for a three-year period .	parliament
In parallel , he taught classes at the privately run Sfântul Gheorghe High School in Bucharest .	parallel
Though the Internet has always been monitored in Syria this was the first instance of a complete Internet shutdown .	instance
The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying .	actions
It is urgent for Your Majesty to take measures for pacification .	measures
Mr. Joffe looked astonishedly at me with his gentle eyes and was silent for a while .	eyes
With their 52 – 16 loss to Boise State on November 12 , the team clinched their sixth straight losing regular season , a new school record .	straight
1 were also invited to take part .	invited
A document produced by Transport for NSW in February 2017 stated services would operate every 7.5 minutes throughout the day .	operate
Tensions rose between the United Kingdom and France following the Orsini affair , an assassination attempt on Emperor Napoleon III on 14 January 1858 .	rose
The ridges separate boggy hollows of mineral soil known by the Finnish word , " rimpis " .	soil
The name is derived from Latin " infera " ( meaning the lower world ) .	derived
He frees 130 horses from the train and flees the area with them .	horses
The word Hazrat in Urdu gives indication of respect and bal in Kasmiri means place .	respect
The wapentake had two divisions , the western and eastern .	divisions
The young defender later turned professional with Southampton and signed a two-year extension in 2013 .	extension
In Jainism , a Tirthankara is represented either seated in Lotus posture or standing in the " Kayotsarga " posture .	standing
They play in the developmental Arizona Winter League and Arizona Summer League , short-season instructional leagues affiliated with the North American League .	affiliated
Catwoman is furious that Ivy used mind-control powers on her .	powers
Beginning with a survey of Spanish Colonial churches in Venezuela ( " Templos coloniales de Venezuela " .	churches
Elias account for 60 percent of glacial ice in Alaska , covering more than .	covering
In Leeds unsuccessful initiatives to suppress prostitution were followed in 2014 by the introduction of local regulation .	introduction
About 50 BMD-4Ms and BTR-MDMs were delivered in April 2017 , with about another 50 BMD-4Ms and BTR-MDMs in August 2017 .	delivered
On this road of crime , Shakka met Meena , who was a renowned thief .	crime
In the 19th century , the weeping willow made a distinctive entrance .	entrance
His face was intact ; his clothes , ornamented with gold , were not damaged or impaired in any way .	damaged
While driving , she throws a purse he gave her into the air .	driving
It is an active cemetery providing services to Catholic families .	providing
He was a member of Dominican Order , and was one of the most important French biblical scholars .	scholars
In the skin it protects the cells from harmful UV radiation and prevents sunburns .	skin
As soon as they appeared at Zolder , the black and gold Type 79s of Mario Andretti and Ronnie Peterson outpaced the opposition by a comfortable margin .	opposition
It stands in between physics and metaphysics .	stands
Thailand 's recovery from the 1997 – 1998 Asian financial crisis depended mainly on exports , among various other factors .	factors
The Farran Zerbe Memorial Award is the highest honor conferred by the American Numismatic Association .	honor
The title was also adapted into two television episodes in the Arthur TV series .	adapted
He grew up on the family farm in Coolaclarig , an area that had a great tradition for Gaelic football .	tradition
This demand is indicative of the political participation and split within the Assyrian tribal leadership .	demand
He gave informal guidance for the research on history , music , Sanskrit , poetry and literature .	poetry
The other whorls are strongly ribbed by distant curved ribs , about 12 on the spire .	strongly
In August 2011 , Franco starred in the 3D horror comedy film " Fright Night " alongside Colin Farrell and Toni Collette .	starred
She was a co-founder in 1974 of the Progressive Art Movement , which focuses on political issues , social concerns , and education .	concerns
While taking a bus tour of movie stars ' homes , Bender leaves the tour , and scams his way into employment as Calculon 's water heater .	homes
Everyone is shocked when the Tutor reveals Ory 's identity .	identity
The band released their third album " Evolution " on March 15 , 2011 , with that album still working its way into and up the charts .	charts
In their shared coma , Angelus and Faith witness the 1920s-version of Angel rescue a small puppy from an oncoming car .	shared
The UDPM was intended to be the main link between the government and the people .	link
received negative reviews from critics .	negative
He received a classical education .	classical
Each character is shown with its equivalent Unicode code point .	equivalent
Her name was struck from the Navy List 12 April .	struck
It is forbidden because it is based on illusions , not on concrete facts .	concrete
He is also the originator of the fold up silicon quick reference macro-crystal .	reference
Ament also said that Vedder 's reaction to the rest of the band 's new material kept " everybody energized about their place in the band . "	reaction
At its launch , the service worked with 18 major retailers , including Amazon.com , Best Buy , Walmart , Target , Macy 's and Newegg .	launch
Some genealogies give him the title 16th of Keppoch , following a previous dispute of succession .	16th
Lyckeby is a village in Karlskrona Municipality , Blekinge County , in southeastern Sweden , near the mouth of the Lyckeby River .	mouth
The American wire gauge article contains a table showing allowable ampacities for a variety of copper wire sizes .	showing
It included one of her most celebrated songs , " Sodade " .	celebrated
Angel rescues Connor and gets all three of them out of the room .	gets
It is still used in the correspondence of kings , princes , presidents , and in ceremonies and greeting cards .	cards
His motto was " Live your life in a wonderful way ! "	your
he had five sons who survived him .	survived
WLVF ( 930 AM ) was a radio station broadcasting a Southern Gospel format .	broadcasting
The species name refers to the type locality and the name of the province .	refers
Grenville then began to focus on railroad building and politics , leaving the business management to his brother , N.P .	railroad
Some GMV residents have complained that the noise insulation in the Kilby Court blocks is inadequate .	blocks
Sci-fi imagery is sprinkled throughout the lyrics and artwork on all of their work .	lyrics
It is rather uncommon , and can be treated .	treated
Peter Capaldi said " Fundamentally 80 % of the final cut is the script that we started with .	script
With a hobbled Elway not being able to lead the team to a first down , the Broncos turned the ball over on downs .	ball
On November 2 , 2010 , Clay announced he would step down as Chancellor .	step
The archive was upgraded in recent years and is nowadays dimensioned to handle more than 10 000 concurrent users .	users
Stillitano went on to get a law degree and eventually was named the venue director for Giants Stadium at the 1994 World Cup .	venue
An annex to the town hall is on the D168a towards Pinarello .	hall
The UEG team , under Canter 's direction , released V7M , a modified version of Unix 7th Edition ( q.v .	modified
The three major treatments for a damaged meniscus are repair , removal , and transplantation .	damaged
Mathematica calls this " Semantic-Faithful Typesetting " .	calls
He chooses not to execute Albert , Monique , Alain and Pascal but hands himself over to Albert as his prisoner .	hands
As Tiger they were managed by Neil Christian of The Crusaders , and Arthur Anderson joined the band on bass guitar .	bass
In July 2006 , the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented .	cards
The USA then went on to beat previously unbeaten Russia .	beat
equally applicable to alternative scales such as x-ray energy or neutron time-of-flight .	alternative
Golden Green is a village in the Medway valley near Tonbridge , Kent .	valley
Both Gilliat and the pilot escaped unharmed .	pilot
On July 23 , 1984 , the station changed its call sign to WTHN ; on March 26 , 1986 , the station changed to WLVF .	sign
Later in life , she accompanied her husband on his travels while writing books and translating books from the Provencale language .	accompanied
In 1956 , Amer was appointed commander-in-chief of the joint military command established by Egypt and Syria .	joint
In 2003 , a new Framework Law for water supply and sanitation was passed that included service decentralization from SANAA to the municipalities .	supply
Bacca was born in Puerto Colombia , a coastal town within the Barranquilla metropolitan area , to Gilberto Bacca and Eloisa Ahumada .	coastal
This window was the gift of clergy of the Deanery and is by Mr Drake of Exeter .	window
Theresa is safely back at home , but curious as to herself .	herself
The preservation group rehabilitated the line , starting steam train operations at Toddington in 1984 over of re-laid track .	steam
The only known surviving copy of the Contarini-Rosselli map is in the British Library .	surviving
Young restarted Dungeon Master in Los Angeles in 2001 , where it is still active , although Young stopped active participation in 2006 .	stopped
Mixamo also partnered with Allegorithmic in the creation of Fuse .	creation
After the 2003 acquisition by Altiris the European office was consolidated with an existing European Altiris office .	existing
The film was distributed theatrically in the U.S. in September 1960 by Allied Artists as " Caltiki , The Immortal Monster " .	distributed
On January 17 , 2005 , Garchitorena was diagnosed with brain tumor .	brain
He also ordered the councilors to vote for ratification and relinquishment of sovereign authority to the BIA for law enforcement within the Cherokee Nation .	authority
The inflorescence is made up of one or more flower heads .	heads
The squadron was originally constituted as the 2d Surveillance Squadron and activated on 16 January 1962 under North American Air Defense Command .	squadron
Another construction works backward : It omits two pitches from a diatonic scale .	scale
Stuff gave it 5 / 5 , finding the styling a bit too " office " -like , but otherwise positive .	otherwise
There is a gabled extension to the west of the original structure .	extension
Between the tropics and the equator , locations may experience both a short wet and a long wet season .	locations
She was selected as Playboy 's 35th Anniversary Playmate after a nationwide search .	search
It is also the basis for the design of the subsequent Avalon Hill game , " Victory in the Pacific " .	subsequent
The academy promoted the neoclassical style and technique , and sent its promising students to European capitals for further study .	technique
The Skyshield can also use up to two surface-to-air missile 8-cell modules for an expanded air defense capability .	defense
The last lecture , on religion , was never held .	religion
Pat Burke , a professional musician , was from the London Music Conservatorium .	musician
The first to be discovered was Strassen 's algorithm , devised by Volker Strassen in 1969 and often referred to as " fast matrix multiplication " .	fast
In collaboration with his wife , Ingrid Falk , he set up an art collective in Stockholm called FA + in 1992 .	collaboration
In February 2016 , the Commonwealth Government revoked $ 19 million in federal funding to the school .	funding
From 1688 forward he served on the amalgamated Anglo-Dutch fleet until he was killed in the Battle of Beachy Head .	fleet
The stems have opposite leaves .	opposite
It was played on outdoor clay courts and was classed as a Tier IV event on the Women 's Tennis Association ( WTA ) Tour .	courts
In the US , Graham studied theology and became a minister in 1987 , and ultimately took US citizenship .	ultimately
The former station is now ' The Old Station Inn ' — a licensed restaurant .	restaurant
From 1980 to 1997 Tiramani was an associate designer at the Theatre Royal Stratford East .	designer
The road crosses the Red River on a vertical lift bridge originally completed as a toll crossing in 1937 .	crossing
She was a regular cast member on the soap opera " Emmerdale " , playing Angharad McAllister in the series from 1993 to 1995 .	opera
The Delaware Township School District serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade at Delaware Township School .	eighth
However , it failed immediately after launch , and was subsequently destroyed by a missile .	launch
Ripley built a wide reputation as a critic .	reputation
The origin of the song was the movie " Tractorists " ( 1939 ) .	origin
The building was demolished by 2013 .	demolished
Inside he finds Chinook who is confused about the purpose of the metal discs and studs .	purpose
Discovery was first based above a restaurant named ' The Loaded Hog ' on Manchester Street .	restaurant
His wife 's personal qualities were seen as refreshing in the context of the formal protocol surrounding the Royal Family .	formal
The simple implementations of parser combinators have some shortcomings , which are common in top-down parsing .	simple
Fabio is credited with pioneering the subgenre known as liquid funk as well as coining the name .	credited
The largest of these , the 750 km long-long Andrew Bain FZ , is where the Nubia-Somalia boundary intersects the SWIR .	boundary
The tunic is among the best-preserved medieval tunics in Europe , and made of woollen fabric .	medieval
In a " relaxed " double-helical segment of B-DNA , the two strands twist around the helical axis once every 10.4 – 10.5 base pairs of sequence .	sequence
Designers whose work is printed receive no cash , but receive 20 % royalties based on net profits paid on a monthly basis ,	printed
Jannazzo battered Burke with both hands throughout the bout .	hands
The ejecta blanket around an impact crater on titan can be seen below .	impact
Princess Zelda heals Midna , causing her to disappear .	causing
Normally , the henna will dye skin orange for up to 2 weeks .	skin
NBTC reform would be a part of the plan .	reform
Most homes sit on lots larger than half an acre , many with full-grown trees .	homes
" Mōkotākan " means " crooked knife " in Atikamekw , an indispensable tool of the eleven nations of Quebec .	eleven
Debeljak was named head football coach at Case Western Reserve on March 24 , 2004 after serving the previous three seasons as offensive coordinator for the program .	offensive
Tom 's full name was revealed on May 2 , 2008 , when NBC uploaded Dwight 's organization charts from the episode " Did I Stutter ?	charts
WONN can also be heard on an FM translator and WWRZ HD4 .	heard
The top 5 boats at that point competed in the final race , with placings counting double for final score .	boats
The Maharajahs of Travancore ( current south Kerala and Kanyakumari district ) adopted the Matrilineal custom and inheritance prevalent in the land around the 14th Century AD .	14th
The Ridgefields are a pair of municipalities in Bergen County , New Jersey , both of which have the word Ridgefield in their name .	pair
Anna later introduces Whitfield to her parents , who help him to reevaluate his views of South African society .	views
Eduardo , who had remarried to Elena , supports their son 's gubernatorial bid against Franco , who is backed by Maximo .	supports
Previously the station could only be heard on campus and in the surrounding neighborhoods of Lewiston .	heard
" The Beast " approaches her , but she calls out Kevin 's full name , bringing Kevin forth .	calls
Starting with the Thirtieth Dynasty , the fifth dynasty in the Late Period , and extending into the Ptolemaic era .	dynasty
Thirteen-year old Snehaa Kumar of Folsom , California placed third , falling on " usucapion " in the 16th round , the first championship round .	16th
In solid polycrystalline samples the production of the material may result in greater volume fraction of certain crystal orientations ( commonly referred to as texture ) .	volume
The Hindu Kurmis of Chunar and Jaunpur , for instance , took up the Muslim custom of marrying first cousins and of burying their dead .	instance
He was drafted by the Carolina Panthers in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft ( picked 141st overall ) .	drafted
Kimura next faced Mizuho Sato at " Pancrase Progress Tour 1 " on .	faced
The T-Rex model was one of the first items to be placed in the new museum , due to its size .	items
In 1931 , Niehans treated a patient suffering from tetany whose parathyroid had been erroneously removed by another physician .	treated
The Super 8 Hemi will go from zero to sixty in about 5.7 seconds .	seconds
White began creating and self-publishing comics in the 1980s .	creating
The plant has one steam turbine that is coupled to the generator via a self synchronizing clutch .	steam
Fiume also had a significant naval base , and in the mid-19th century it became the site of the Austro-Hungarian Naval Academy ( K.u.K .	naval
The Rust Belt deindustrialization era of the 1970s led to a decline in the industrial base and , subsequently , Huntington 's population .	decline
In the 2004 Tour de France , he was again the best French finisher in 12th place .	12th
Al Unser Jr . , starting in Row 4 , came in during the parade laps with a flat tire .	flat
Hoboken was first settled as part of the Pavonia , New Netherland colony in the 17th century .	17th
Natal explained that the ultimate goal of these proposals was to retain the capital among local businesses , reducing its export by foreign corporations .	businesses
He played the full 80 minutes and scored a try after a catch and drive from a lineout as Connacht won 29 – 23 .	drive
Upon returning he wrote a letter to a Calcutta newspaper describing the atrocities that the Kashmiris had committed against people in Yasin .	committed
In hindsight , incidents that had been interpreted as the deliberate targeting of civilians may have had other explanations , such as poor intelligence information .	intelligence
He worked at Perry and Company until he assumed control of the Woollahra branch of the business in 1886 .	assumed
However , the mid-2007 population estimate was 530,300 , representing an increase of about 17,000 residents since 2001 .	representing
Scherl was also active with theater projects , with lottery systems and a Gyro Monorail .	theater
Kratochwil had always considered Austria his home , which is why his country and his lifelong experiences there were so central to his artwork .	experiences
Then they jointly informed Justin and Vigilantia , offering the throne .	offering
The Reformation also resulted in the foundation of a school , which received its own dedicated building in 1560 .	foundation
The team headquarters , Halas Hall , is in the Chicago suburb of Lake Forest , Illinois .	suburb
The music video for " Pray to God " was directed by Emil Nava and premiered on 10 February 2015 .	premiered
Through the work of the HABF and personal funds from its President , they sent a team to the 2008 European Qualifier ’ s Championship in Portugal .	funds
However it was placed as an advertisement before feature film screenings in cinemas across Hong Kong and China in order to further promote Studio City .	promote
Dithering takes advantage of the human eye 's tendency to " mix " two colors in close proximity to one another .	advantage
They produce rice alcohol , called " lao lao " that is consumed socially and used for ritual purposes .	purposes
However , the development of the Seaslug missile set off a series of events that led to the introduction of CDS some years later .	introduction
At MIT , Comiskey invented the microencapsulated electrophoretic display , commercialized by E Ink , which he co-founded in 1997 .	display
Although the 1995 split was intended as a long-term solution , it only provided a small amount of relief .	solution
Clonlara were the opponents on that occasion , however , for the second time Lynch 's side faced defeat .	faced
with respect to sex and age and in adults with Asperger syndrome or Alzheimer 's disease .	respect
Sister Gavrielia was sent to the Taizé Community in France by the Patriarch Athenagoras I of Constantinople , though her assignment there was brief .	brief
The Thunder 's office in downtown closed in October 1975 .	downtown
Consequently , elaborate systems have evolved to protect cells from the deleterious effects of misfolded proteins .	protect
The Museum has a central exhibition which is dominated by the 130-million-year-old fossil of the Malawisaurus , which was discovered 45 km south from the centre site .	exhibition
Communities then developed zoning regulations to limit the number of units and density allowed on a site .	limit
As one of the best-selling artists worldwide the Backstreet Boys have received numerous awards and accolades in recognition of their worldwide success in the music industry .	recognition
When " Strasbourg " returned to Brest , 800 of her powder charges remained stored in Dakar .	charges
Ricker assigned the major pentatonic scale mode I while Gilchrist assigned it mode III .	scale
Joining them in search of vengeance , the three arrived on Earth , and isolated and battled the Torch at Empire State University .	search
She was last seen by her classmates outside of Carlos 'n Charlie 's , a restaurant and nightclub in Oranjestad .	restaurant
Differentiating " " with respect to " x " :	respect
A second goal was to regulate the flow of the Liao-ho river on the left side of Fushun en route to Mukden .	flow
In 1889 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Monaro , representing the Protectionist Party .	representing
In response , Assange said , " Hislop has distorted , invented or misremembered almost every significant claim and phrase . "	claim
The fourth barrel from " Jean Bart " was used for trials at the Dahlgren firing range and never made its way onto the battleship .	onto
He attended college at Temple University , playing on the school ’ s soccer team from 1951 to 1954 .	soccer
The Recovery Version is a modern English translation of the Bible from the original languages , published by Living Stream Ministry .	translation
The use of fetal tissue in the development of vaccines has also provoked some controversy among religions opposed to abortion .	opposed
The process costs gil and an additional copy of the item to be upgraded .	costs
" Wesson " took " Stewart " in tow due to an engineering casualty and arrived at Apra Harbor , Guam , on 17 November .	engineering
The panel considered this to be a serious breach of the regulations , particularly given his status as a senior cricketer and club captain .	serious
As both his grandfather and father were very active in Democratic politics , he won entry to the United States Military Academy at West Point .	entry
He subsequently appeared on the Australian soap opera , " Paradise Beach " .	opera
Reforma 222 is a mixed-use complex on Paseo de la Reforma just west of Avenida de los Insurgentes in the Colonia Juárez neighborhood of Mexico City .	neighborhood
They looked into the gates of life and saw beyond charming visions , and hopes springing up for all " .	beyond
In the crisis of 1849 he displayed considerable courage , and never lost his judgment even in personal danger .	considerable
Of a warrior heritage , the Marba and Musey are still feared .	heritage
The team of Simon Diamond and Trytan defeated the team of Sonny Siaki and Apolo in a bout lasting 3 minutes and 56 seconds during the pre-show .	seconds
He controlled an emphatic win over the host nations , Alexey Mukhin .	controlled
In a public statement , Mark addressed the charge , saying :	statement
The east vestry window is straight-headed with three lights .	window
In 2012 , the Salvation Army published a " Positional Statement on Homosexuality " after receiving adverse publicity about their position on homosexuality .	receiving
Such effort however has annoyed several governments such as Indonesia and India .	effort
The vocal-instrumental forms of folklore contain the elements of polyphony .	contain
It features a cruciform plan , gothic arched windows and a turreted bell tower .	windows
Finn 's singing , however , awakens the cyclops , and Finn is able to subdue him and take his tears .	singing
On September 4 , 2010 , he was traded from the Redskins to the Indianapolis Colts for an undisclosed draft pick .	draft
Louis Berger & Co. was an architectural firm in Queens , New York active between 1895 and 1930 .	architectural
Bangkok Airways has been operating since 1968 and now markets itself as " Asia 's Boutique Airline " .	markets
No-Face was a master of disguise who was able to frame Action Man for the kidnapping of Moran .	frame
Southern Company Gas , formerly AGL Resources , is an American Fortune 500 energy services holding company headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia .	holding
ProDOS programs to properly load data to this portion of memory soon arose ; several appeared in " Nibble " magazine .	memory
His appointment by Pope Francis was announced on 8 February 2014 .	appointment
) , and assets are maintained or accumulated that are unrelated to the sphere of production .	maintained
If no goals are scored during extra time , the winner will be the best positioned team in the regular season .	extra
His wife Amy Hindmarsh and two sons survived him .	survived
Relegation was narrowly avoided with superior goal difference in 2007 .	difference
It also greatly diminished the inflow of water to the Aral Sea , resulting in an ecological catastrophe .	greatly
The Album 's cover is a collage of photos consisting of friends and acquaintances of band members Bryan Harvey and Johnny Hott .	consisting
Final editorial control of the TGN is maintained by the Getty Vocabulary Program , using well-established editorial rules .	maintained
In early 1922 Harold Power was quoted as stating that " In the spring of 1921 we started the world 's first daily regular broadcasting schedule " .	broadcasting
It was built in 1889 to replace an earlier light on St. Joseph 's Island further east , which was shrinking and is now completely gone .	replace
Pinnacle Financial Partners currently ( as of Dec. 31st 2017 ) has approximately US $ 22.2 billion in assets and has 115 offices .	offices
She references not only history , but also philosophy and literature , using a mystical tone to keep the attention of children .	philosophy
This circuit is activated by ecstatic experiences via physiological effects of cannabis , Hatha Yoga , tantra and Zen meditation .	experiences
From 1976 until 1983 , the original Hamilton Bengals existed in the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League .	existed
This education instilled in the child a traditional love of the land , respect for ancestral traditions and appreciation for the beauty of the Malagasy countryside .	respect
This was his first trip to the U.S. in 14 years .	trip
Tomorrow , perhaps , there will be no more time ...	perhaps
All aircraft within the group were transferred to Austrian Airlines on 1 July 2012 , to be able to take advantage of Austrian Airlines structure .	advantage
Most of the land was farmland used for dairy herds , horses , or marketable crops .	horses
This is a list of the rolling stock operated by the Austrian Federal Railways ( ÖBB ) , including retired classes .	stock
The team set a franchise record of 326 goals scored , surpassing the previous record set in 1997 by the Rebels first Founders Cup championship team .	franchise
Just try to get them out , and you 'll probably strike out just as many guys , if not more .	strike
In 1932 Ruth Crawford Seeger composed two songs for a commission from the Society of Contemporary Music in Philadelphia , which she called " Two Ricercari " .	commission
During the summers , he helped youngsters develop their baseball skills in both Puerto Rico and San Pedro de Macorís in the Dominican Republic .	skills
The largest localities ( cities , towns , and villages ) are :	towns
Caerleon finished last after being virtually pulled up by Eddery in the closing stages .	stages
Both had candidates asked the United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey to monitor voting on election day .	candidates
Many reptiles are oviparous and will lay eggs if successfully mated .	successfully
He missed much of the team 's summer practice OTA 's while trying to recover from the injury .	trying
At the 2005 IAAF World Cross Country Championships , Markešević finished in 36th place of 125 finishers in the junior men 's 8K race .	junior
Their hostility decreased Ridge 's admiration for European Americans and altered his hopes for future relations between the Cherokee and whites .	relations
He attempted the jump on his own , surprising the producers .	attempted
Meanwhile , Connor gets a room at a motel for Holtz and himself .	gets
When he turned 22 , during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan , he read his first book about Sufism called ' Whirling to Allah ' .	read
However the third edition , printed by John Wilson at the University Press in Cambridge was of a high standard .	printed
Otter Creek Park was given to Louisville by the U.S. Government in 1947 , in recognition of the city 's service during World War II .	recognition
They are considerable smaller than the causewayed enclosures they resemble .	considerable
Until then few dared to speak about the event due to fear of prosecution for their involvement .	speak
Schaechter-Gottesman continues to serve as a resource for researchers of both Yiddish folk and art music .	folk
Some birds , such flamingos and swifts , use saliva to help hold their nest together .	birds
Dr Lockhart Gibson , Chancellor Andrew Joseph Thynne and Archbishop Gerald Sharp were amongst those who voted for Victoria Park .	voted
It was one of the 2013 – 14 bowl games that concluded the 2013 FBS football season .	concluded
More famous than his sacred music , however , is his output of madrigals in the virtuoso Ferrarese style of his teacher , Luzzaschi .	output
Therefore , emphasis is placed on the profitability of core products while working on other products , hoping that they will become a competency .	core
A promo video directed by Sitcom Soldiers was premiered on 3 March 2015 .	premiered
In Arthurian traditions of the Grail story , the Fisher King is the knight who is the Grail 's protector , and whose legs are perpetually wounded .	wounded
First , patents and industrial designs have a strong presence in the consumer electronics industry .	designs
The final goal of Turkey is to produce new-generation indigenous military equipment and to become increasingly self-sufficient in terms of military technologies .	increasingly
About 30 % are Christians , while 70 % follow indigenous religions .	follow
Born in Fareham , Kenway made his first-class debut for home county Hampshire in the 1997 County Championship .	first-class
After this performance , Benjamin revised the piece into its final version .	piece
" Love Don 't Cost a Thing " was met with worldwide commercial success and is considered " classic Lopez " .	classic
Hurricane Georges began as a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa during mid-September 1998 .	tropical
Grundig has manufacturing plants in several European cities , that deliver Grundig products to more than 65 countries around the world .	manufacturing
Huntingdon & was dated 1638 But somebody has torn out y Leaf . "	dated
The college has its own hostel for boys with a seating capacity of 60 only .	boys
The band formed as a jazz group in 1958 , and performed under the name , The Zodiacs .	jazz
This sense was promoted by the government .	sense
Glen convinces the team 's manager that Santiago needs a month 's trial to show his full potential .	needs
Its branches are rough and densely covered with short hairs .	branches
Dampit and Gulf ( two usurers ) enter .	enter
It keeps you from destroying things too foolishly .	things
Algeria , endured for a century and 32 years of French rule until July 5 , 1962 , when the country regained its independence .	independence
The Rebels completed their quest by winning the championship game 14-11 to win their 3rd Founders Cup in 5 years and 4th in franchise history .	franchise
It was greatly expanded in 1934 , when it took in the Quarry Bank and Kingswinford districts .	greatly
The organization also elected to implement a background check policy for all volunteers and staff , starting in 2006 .	background
Between 1946 and 1948 , the Grenada Lake was constructed , and its northwest side bordered MS 7 .	northwest
She had two sons with Hideyoshi , Tsurumatsu , who died young , and Hideyori , born in 1593 , who became Hideyoshi 's designated successor .	successor
The final court decision was announced on 27 March 2012 ; it upheld the interim order regarding the stamps , but overturned it for the signature .	regarding
The east window has three lights with reticulated tracery .	window
SPP 's story began in the early days of WWII , when America was furiously ramping up production of weapons and military supplies .	weapons
The town marked the 150th anniversary of the consecration of Christ Church in 2011 .	anniversary
72nd Street is one of the major bi-directional crosstown streets in New York City 's borough of Manhattan .	streets
It is announced in " Company Picnic " that the Buffalo branch is closing due to the terrible recession hitting the U.S. economy .	economy
When done well , it often elicits gratifying emotional responses from the audience .	audience
For race 3 , the drivers were classified on the grid by championship order .	classified
Bertrand Russell was his role model : He shared Russell 's thinking and reasoning .	shared
Nicole died from brain cancer in February 2016 , after 44 years of marriage .	brain
Itter 's 1972 piece , " Personal Baggage " has been described as a key work in Vancouver art .	piece
Common viticultural hazards include a sensitivity to rot with the grape often needing at least an extra week to ripen after Müller-Thurgau has been harvested .	extra
An important theme that Gilliam cited on the film 's audio commentary is happiness .	cited
Wild trout naturally reproduce in Spring Brook from its headwaters downstream to its mouth .	mouth
Enderlein , who was leading at the time , and Müller were stripped of their respective medals as a result .	medals
The artwork used a different typeface from the original and the colours were slightly more purple-tinted than on the original .	slightly
In 2001 , he was a second-team All-CAA selection and led the Rams in goals scored with 11 .	selection
The house is surrounded by two barns and a carriage shed , all of 19th-century construction .	surrounded
The women 's event was first contested at the 1932 Olympics , becoming the second women 's throws event after the discus in 1928 .	contested
In 1928 , PA 5 was designated onto Front Street in Lemoyne and Wormleysburg while the PA 13 and PA 4 designations were decommissioned along Market Street .	onto
Galion remained under the ownership of Peabody and was sold to McClain Industries Inc. in 1992 .	ownership
He entered into national politics in 1903 , when he was elected a member of the Norwegian parliament for northern Trondheim for the period 1903-06 .	parliament
The Shakhtar Stadium is mostly used for the European competitions .	competitions
During Roman occupation the countryside close to Verulamium was subdivided into a series of farming estates .	occupation
The income from the land will decline , which decreases the people 's incomes in that area .	decline
'Shocked ' the ' Widow ' renounces Witgood on the spot and plans to part with him .	spot
His return address is listed as 110 Madison Street San Antonio , Texas .	address
Many of her scenes with Jake Johnson were improvised .	scenes
She then accepted a position to develop a family medicine residency program at Morehouse College in Atlanta , Georgia .	medicine
The mountain , the sea , the city and the hundreds of boats form a striking backdrop for the site .	boats
To avoid using Japanese , the series ' crew had Nakasumi whisper to Miss Kyoko for her to translate .	avoid
Ordered to New York City for replacement of her boilers in the autumn of 1883 , she arrived there on 30 October .	replacement
it have transport facility to other states also.for example it has APSRTC service from siriguppa near bellari which is located in karnataka	transport
It may take various forms , such as illegal parades , sit-ins , riots , sabotage , and other forms of crime .	crime
Following their removal from service in 1961 , they were broken up for scrap .	broken
Pre-orders were made available on April 1 , 2014 , and the album was originally scheduled to be released on October 30 , 2014 .	scheduled
Wood , who believed that future generations should know what an Appalachian spruce stand was like .	stand
Males had a median income of $ 29,315 versus $ 17,734 for females .	versus
To assuage this concern , Senator Robert Dole ( R-KS ) proposed legislative language explicitly disclaiming that a results test would require proportional representation .	require
The role class pattern provides the ability for a class to play multiple roles and to embed the role characteristic in a dedicated class .	pattern
GSM standard is dominating in Russian mobile market with small number of NMT-450 , AMPS / DAMPS subscribers .	mobile
Complete suppression of the parasitic thyristor action and the resultant non-latch-up IGBT operation for the entire device operation range was achieved by A. Nakagawa et al .	device
The channel was launched as part of MTV Networks Europe localisation strategy in 1997 .	strategy
Waste can be minimised on-site and products delivered on a just-in-time basis rather than being stock-piled on-site .	delivered
However , this charge was deemed " dubious " by historian Karl Barbir .	historian
Alexander was the first of his branch of the family to spell his name Monro as opposed to Munro .	opposed
She is well known for her murals , sponsored by the WPA and painted in the university 's Kingsbury Hall in 1936 .	painted
It shared a school with the neighboring village of Qastina , and the school had 160 pupils by the mid-1940s .	shared
will result in an enhanced signal .	signal
The company later aired three more ads that year with other athletes following major sports championships .	championships
In March 1866 he retired and returned to England and prepared his " Varieties of Vice-Regal Life " , which appeared in two volumes in 1870 .	prepared
Given that some horses do not respond to traditional therapy , it is sometimes recommended to add antibiotics to their treatment regimes .	horses
They were named after the heads of the families .	heads
SPP 's mission statement is " Helping our members work together to keep the lights on ... today and in the future . "	statement
It is fairly often circular , or more or less oval in shape .	shape
For centuries , the Bassa lived along the Atlantic coast of what is now Cameroon .	centuries
Chen 's father tried to set up a scholarship in Chen 's name , but was denied permission by the government .	denied
The Bloomsbury School District serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade at Bloomsbury Public School .	eighth
" Rich " was commissioned on 3 July 1946 , with Commander R. C. Houston in command .	commissioned
This change attracted the attention of media reporters who speculated the singer had converted to please her then-boyfriend and producer , an allegation that Uwineza denies .	attracted
She practiced environmental law in Boston from 1976 to 1978 .	environmental
Universalists disagree with the third claim , and argue that all people receive salvation .	claim
DeLong , not having received the bribe money , is no longer under contractual obligation to carry out the subterfuge .	carry
The spherical case used in a 12-pounder Napoleon contained 78 balls .	contained
about getting him reinstated in the revolutionary group .	getting
The amputation of her arm was the only way to save her life .	save
Perry Sr. ' s part in Miramar did not cease with selling of the land to Mr. Mailman for development .	selling
He didn 't crash , but dropped to 6th .	didn
For this reason , eating these animals is strictly prohibited by " fady " .	reason
During World War II Gill directed the development and opening of Canada 's only chromite mine .	mine
However , in recent years the fuel prices have fallen back and more economical aircraft have been introduced to the market .	fuel
The outer hull ( minus the turret ) is very smooth and low to minimize bullet traps and the general visual signature .	visual
He 's also played as band member with other musicians , including James Yorkston and Malcolm Middleton .	musicians
Tiegs ' break as a model came when she was 17 , after the editorial staff at " Glamour " saw the Cole 's bathing suit ad .	break
Brick Chapel is an unincorporated community in Monroe Township , Putnam County , in the U.S. state of Indiana .	unincorporated
She has recorded three CDs of her songs and one recording of folk songs .	folk
A little more than a year after DAT terminated the Bergen service , in May 2013 , they also ceased operation on the Stavanger route .	ceased
It is composed of three operational components and two support elements ( logistics and training groups ) .	components
When I reminded him I couldn 't swim , he told me to forget my phobia and learn swimming pronto , " said Dutta .	learn
The book was first adapted for stage in 1964 by F. Andrew Leslie .	adapted
Graig Goch is a 586m high hill in the Gwynedd area in Wales and lying within Snowdonia National Park .	hill
He learned Hebrew , Syriac , Greek , and Coptic and became a prolific writer .	learned
In 1905 served as a judge at the Permanent Court of Arbitration , and formed a dissential opinion in the case of the Japanese Tax House .	judge
In December 2010 , Rončević was sentenced to four years in prison for alleged improprieties during acquisition of army trucks in 2004 .	sentenced
However , EU funding expired in 2004 and was not renewed .	funding
Brook trout have an advantage over cutthroat trout because they spawn in fall .	advantage
Other ethnic groups set up shipping lines by appealing to group solidarity .	ethnic
Meachem decided to forgo his senior season and enter the 2007 NFL Draft .	enter
Newsha Tavakolian ( ) ( born 1981 ) is an Iranian photojournalist and documentary photographer .	documentary
1595 – 1663 ) was a German organist and composer .	composer
On October 3 , 1959 , Novoselsky District was abolished and merged into Strugo-Krasnensky District .	merged
Doris verrucosa is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dorididae .	marine
The Colombo National Museum in Sri Lanka organised visits and workshops for certain schools aimed at teaching pupils to identify with their heritage .	heritage
B96 was probably most known for its flagship " Eddie & JoBo " morning zoo show .	morning
Citroën took the manufacturers ' title for the third year in a row , well ahead of Subaru and Ford .	ahead
There are three examples of public art in the street , and parks at either end of it .	examples
Though castles continued to be built with these considerations , for centuries , fortresses were also built as centres of governance .	centuries
The subject is given the task to arrange the pictures as quickly as possible so that a reasonable and meaningful story is formed .	task
Common names include shrubby cinquefoil , golden hardhack , bush cinquefoil , shrubby five-finger , tundra rose , and widdy .	rose
An eighth-grader who acted obnoxious , cause his father boxes .	acted
Wall pot racks are safely attached to screws that are drilled into wall studs , not plaster or drywall .	attached
Dreyer began producing his own fire-control computer .	producing
Clarencia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :	containing
The shoes are produced in an array of colors , depending on the model .	depending
Thrash metal would later combine with its spinoffs , thus giving rise to genres like blackened thrash metal and deathrash .	rise
Malmö FF eventually ended up champions with IF Elfsborg in fourth place .	champions
Around this same time , the r / K selection theory was introduced , which classifies plants by life history strategies , particularly reproductive strategies .	selection
Some parts of the complex are connected by a heritage streetcar line , operated by a 1924-built ex-New Orleans Perley Thomas trolley car .	heritage
This album reached 26 on the US Country charts .	charts
The following year Kilmaley were back in the junior hurling decider .	junior
It regained its affiliated status a few days later .	affiliated
A 2005 census of Afghans in Balochistan indicated that the overwhelming majority were Pashtun , followed by Uzbeks , Tajiks , Baluchis , Hazaras and Turkmen .	indicated
Strong wind shear and dry air caused Olga to weaken into a remnant low early on December 13 .	wind
According to Trotsky : " The damaging of machines by workers , for example , is terrorism in this strict sense of the word .	sense
This ledge , long gone , was the site of 18 documented duels and probably many unrecorded ones in the years 1798 – 1845 .	ones
The " korales " had their own civil and military officials with a small militia .	officials
The community is located at the south end of Conroy Road when it meets with Bank Street .	meets
A year later , she was signed to a reported $ 1.5 million two-year contract with Cover Girl cosmetics , then the biggest contract ever .	biggest
Each departmental fest is organised by the students and faculty of the respective department .	faculty
The International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) is an international standard-setting body composed of representatives from various national standards organizations .	standards
He admitted using illegal substances .	admitted
To this house 's right stands the Capt .	stands
These explosives were used in quarrying , mining and other industries throughout Australia .	mining
This is done parallel to a curb , when one is provided .	parallel
A major assault was launched by the Muslims on 6 April and de Sonnac joined the Frankish charge to meet the enemy .	enemy
A number of paintings are found in the palace ; those by the Italian artist Mattia Preti are older than the palace itself .	paintings
He topped his season-high mark for a third game in a row on January 26 , scoring 26 points in a loss to the Philadelphia 76ers .	mark
Gottlob Frege is also named as an antecedent to the present debate over sortals .	debate
A combination of both could make the blog much more interesting and create stronger messages . ”	combination
He was also a founding member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1808 .	founding
It now forms part of the Herefordshire and Ludlow College , though retains its own identity .	identity
The film was directed by Philippe Caland , who wrote the script alongside Shintaro Shimosawa and worked with Nina Yang Bongiovi to produce the film .	script
He was a member of the senate of the university in 1894-96 , and dean of the philosophical faculty in 1898-99 .	faculty
Maeve Quaid is a senior faculty member in the Business Administration program at Trent University in Peterborough , Ontario .	faculty
He suggests they change Helio 's name to a parody of Starbucks named " Dumb Starbucks " .	suggests
the emergent property exists simultaneously with its basis .	exists
The Kandy venue was the Bogambara Stadium , but the second leg of the 68th Bradby in 2012 was played in Trinity 's home ground ; Pallekelle Stadium	venue
By January 2018 , his only first team football of the season was a 23 minute second half substitute appearance against Dundee in October 2017 .	minute
Energy consumption across the business is down by 10 % since 2009 and own brand packaging is down by 39 % since 2006 .	brand
It was published by and reflected the political views of the Lithuanian Democratic Party , Peasant Union , and Lithuanian Peasant Popular Union .	views
He later served in the Oregon House of Representatives before appointment to the United States Senate in 1860 after the death of Edward D. Baker .	appointment
Kress played Mason Ward , one of two best friends of a fourteen-year-old victim with traces of blood of an inmate under his fingernails .	blood
The resulting report , known today as the Banks Report , suggested two lines of research .	suggested
He is originally part of Spitfire 's team , following the same road , until he decides to leave and join Behemoth .	decides
It was completed in 1744 by Margherita Muscati , his sister , and remained in the hands of the Muscati family .	hands
These journals , written between 1945 and 2006 , as well as Millar 's general research papers are kept in the Paul Mellon Centre 's archive .	papers
Ruled by a Sikh dynasty from 1763 onwards , the ruler at the time of the postal convention was Raja Bikram Singh .	dynasty
It infects endothelial cells and can infect erythrocytes by binding and entering with a large vacuole .	entering
The album 's title is derived from the juxtaposition of the figure of the devil and the Jewish circumcision ritual , the bris milah .	derived
In a vacuum , Black cannot do much to stop the pawn 's advance .	advance
With a Rachel making a quick alteration to make the drawing of Rachel look like Violet , Violet is killed by those phantoms .	look
The greatly outnumbered Thai forces resisted , but were soon being overwhelmed .	greatly
Some castles , especially the larger ones , were used by the Imperial Japanese Army .	ones
On May 23 , 1917 the Arcade and Attica ( A & A ) Railroad was formed by local investors to operate the line .	operate
It was discovered missing from the company 's Connecticut office .	missing
The background to the play is the Gunpowder Plot of 1605 .	background
Brewing and maltings was noted as one of the town ’ s principal industries in the reign of Elizabeth .	reign
It is 192,000 pixels wide and 96,000 pixels tall .	tall
Lietuvos ūkininkas ( literally : " Lithuanian farmer " ) was a weekly Lithuanian-language newspaper published between 1905 and 1940 .	weekly
Guite performs as a singer and guitarist fronting the Cambridgeshire-based blues , rhythm and blues , and rock band " Mystery Train " .	guitarist
However , if we look at one of these product terms in more detail we come to a very interesting result .	look
Soura is located 4 km on eastern side of The historic Grand Trunk Road which passes through the center of Mandrah town .	passes
Both of these , argues Fromm , are responses to a freer economic situation .	situation
In actuality , Saint-Hilaire 's 414 metres falls far short of making it the highest mountain in Quebec .	falls
With Colts entering the Scottish Lowland League , Broadwood Stadium will host a second senior club from 2015 – 16 .	entering
The forewings are lustrous white with distal half dominated by roughly equal-sized postmedial	roughly
His speech from the dock made headlines and became an internationally circulated key document to rally support for the Namibian liberation struggle .	speech
While SkyOS is under development , this will remain the intended behavior .	behavior
The company now distributes natural gas to more than 1.6 million residential , commercial , and industrial customers in 200 communities throughout the state of Georgia .	residential
The Church has had several Primates in the past and keeps expanding all over Nigeria with several Divisions now visible in almost every region of the country .	visible
He married Julia Washburn of Monroe , Louisiana and had two daughters , Myra and Ruth , of Shreveport .	daughters
Zignal Labs is a SaaS based media intelligence software service company that serves marketing and PR departments .	intelligence
He lodges an accusation with the authorities that Albert murdered his wife .	authorities
Rose Seidler House is part of Harry Seidler 's conceptual planning of a family compound of three modernist houses , inspired by north-east American prototypes .	planning
The track features live horse races Thursday through Sunday from early June to late July at its facility at Expo Square Pavilion in the Tulsa State Fairgrounds .	horse
The Bank of Toronto in Winnipeg , Manitoba erected in 1905-06 is on the Registry of Historical Places of Canada .	erected
Thomas got the ball on the first five possession and totaled 30 yards on seven rushes .	ball
The elevation of Kabaale Village is , above sea level .	elevation
From 1966 – 1967 , McLennan played for the Yale Bulldogs men 's ice hockey team .	hockey
Once stamina is depleted , you begin to eat into health .	begin
An investigation can also give insight on a policy itself that may have issues .	investigation
The album featured appearances from Smiths ' guitarist Johnny Marr and comedian Simon Day .	guitarist
The family name was changed from " Oschwald " due to concerns of discrimination .	concerns
GALCK has built coalitions with mainstream organizations , like the Kenya Human Rights Commission , and with HIV / AIDS bodies , including LVCT and the NACC .	bodies
Sole lyrical contributions from band members other than Vedder include Cameron with " Get Right " and Ament with " Help Help " .	contributions
However , she would not be formally appointed to the position of Executive Secretary until 1925 .	formally
This is the transitional idea between taking the general form ( the universal equivalent form for all general commodities ) and turning it into the money form .	equivalent
Twenty horse and carts passed up and down this stretch in a day .	horse
Pestovsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
More recently , immigration has been due to the continued political oppression and the repression of ethnic and religious minorities in Iraq and Iran .	ethnic
Don meets Kathy in the lobby and apologizes for the short honeymoon .	meets
The quorum required for a court decision varies depending on the type of case under consideration .	depending
Additionally , it reached the top twenty in Germany , Austria , Denmark , Hungary and Italy .	twenty
Several hot springs or mud volcanoes in the vicinity of Mount Drum produce warm brackish water charged with carbon dioxide .	charged
He intended to use the architecture of the Academical Village as a didactic instrument for students .	architecture
Reeves Lake southeast side of Winter Haven , Florida , is completely within the city limits .	southeast
Since 22 November 2006 the DCF77 transmitter uses bits 1 – 14 to transmit warning messages and weather information .	weather
Television transmission was typically most frequent during school holidays and at times of day dedicated to children 's programming .	programming
The N9 road from Dublin to Waterford previously passed through the village but upon completion of a motorway bypass in 2010 , it was redesignated the R448 .	completion
In fact , you can 't go on the street where the stadium is .	stadium
Miss Terra Brasil 2009 national pageant was participated by 27 pageant winners from Brazil 's 26 states and the Federal District .	winners
Whitney 's umbrella is a ruled surface and a right conoid .	ruled
The ( Non-executive ) Chair of this institution , Christian Brodie ( Mr ) , has been with the SLC since February 2014 .	institution
Half the propulsion machinery ( boilers and turbines ) was fitted to be worked when necessary .	necessary
The Blue Jays also picked Danny Ainge out of Brigham Young University in the 15th round .	15th
" Under the Radar " called the 90-second album trailer " mysterious " and noted Li appearing in different settings wearing various outfits .	appearing
Gunn and Wesley try to sneak into the Sharp home but are caught .	caught
Two days later , he topped that mark with 24 points against the Atlanta Hawks .	mark
Eugene Philip Amano ( born March 1 , 1982 ) is a former American football offensive lineman .	offensive
In April 2004 , Adeang was charged with sedition along with Kieren Keke and Fabian Ribauw after a protest at Nauru 's airport .	charged
However , large caliber shells , such as the 32-pounder spherical , were effective at breaching entrenchments .	effective
The actual use-value , however , is immeasurable .	actual
His friendship with John Reith led to his appointment as Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC in 1930 .	appointment
Stadion Pod Racinom is a multi-use stadium in Plav , Montenegro .	stadium
SFUO executives started attending CFS meetings in 1982 .	meetings
Keaton starred in nine more Columbia shorts , the last of which was " She 's Oil Mine " .	starred
The larvae feed on " Iva axillaris " .	feed
" In retrospect , " he said , " I probably should have given the player more credit , and gone lighter on the narration text . "	credit
All wiring , including underfloor , was completely renewed and new plumbing installed , with the addition of three new toilets .	installed
Most DART First State bus routes operating in Wilmington either terminate at Wilmington Station or Rodney Square , the main bus transit hubs in the city .	routes
The valley is home to about 620,000 people .	valley
This suggests that the Nairoviruses have been associated with these ticks for over 100 million years .	suggests
I said , all right , if you want me , you 'll get me , but this is a braver , more physical version of me .	want
Hickey also served as the head football coach at Creighton in 1934 , tallying a mark of 2 – 7 .	mark
At his request , Nikitenko compiled a commentary for the new Censorship Code ( 1828 ) .	request
In 2009 , 2 acres of this historic site was donated to the Richmond Battlefields Association by a local company .	donated
Behind the porch , this doorway retains its original door and latch .	door
In 1925 , the three secretly joined the Communist Party of China , and they worked closely together .	closely
Ambulances are marked on the side to indicate what kind of paramedics are operating the ambulance :	kind
Distance parameter formula _ 7 may be negative , too .	negative
Irrigation is used in the few places where it is possible ; the suitable sites are rare .	rare
In addition to being the division commander , Hafez also commanded forces within his division 's bridgehead , which included the 21st Division .	commander
This time , Hayden wore a fake mustache , and Scott wore his familiar painter ’ s mask .	painter
Conversely , the BMR-PT curriculum at OAU followed the course unit system that is a standard practice in the US and Canadian universities .	universities
In December 2013 , OpenLearning launched a cloud based software product for companies to create private educational portals on its platform .	educational
Rockledge has approximately fifty full-time certified police officers serving the city .	full-time
There are over a million maps in the Library 's collections .	collections
The two can be distinguished by the leaves .	distinguished
In the 1900s a grounded steamer served as residence for lobstermen from Winthrop .	residence
Between 2001 and 2004 , he shifted his attention to lobbying on behalf of businesses and foreign governments .	businesses
It was known for soliciting subscriptions to their magazines in U.S. airports , where its confrontational methods resulted in conflicts with celebrities and the general public .	methods
This raised many questions about whether the television networks and its sponsors were having too much influence over televised sporting events .	questions
Any " extra " sporting models put together from part stocks and shipped after that period probably had low spur hammers .	extra
John Coleridge Patteson ( 1 April 1827 – 20 September 1871 ) was an English Anglican bishop and martyr .	bishop
This elongated pyramid creates a shallow impression , which is beneficial for measuring the hardness of brittle materials or thin components .	components
Located in the northern Negev desert , it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof Ashkelon Regional Council .	falls
His formative years were spent in the west Philadelphia area where he lived on the same block with John McDermott and Morrie Talman .	block
Once again , K-State held the edge in time of possession ( 33 : 33 to 26 : 27 ) and converted eight of 16 third-down conversions .	edge
The three head to the flooded cave , eluding one of Zamora ’ s associates , armed with a bow and arrows .	armed
The electric department is a member of the Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation .	electric
Romanos was also able to effectively subdue revolts in several provinces of the empire , most notably in Chaldia , the Peloponnese , and Southern Italy .	notably
Qualification rule : The first three teams in each heat ( Q ) plus the next two fastest overall ( q ) moved on to the final .	heat
Since the 1980s a " history war " has been fought in Australia by scholars and politicians .	scholars
Additionally , price money was paid , with the winner earning € 300 , the second placed team € 250 , the third placed team € 200 .	price
For this reason he named the genus from the Greek " twin " and " members " .	reason
And Shufai , the one year old gorilla , starts life in the nursery .	starts
Donor site morbidity , lack of donor tissue , and inadequate vascularization all limit the ability of doctors to adequately treat VML .	limit
The ribbon is issued for one time service only and there are no devices authorized for additional periods of Arctic service .	devices
In 1983 , he succeeded him as chief speech writer .	speech
Identifying himself as a non-fan of the sport , Hackett gained many observations and important statements from people within the industry .	sport
Today the community is served by public transport association buses running on the B 26 .	transport
Qatari-owned Al Jazeera also singled out Qatar as an exception to Gulf Arab reactions in a supportive stance to the ones who ousted Morsi .	ones
Ki-Zerbo has received recognition through various international awards .	recognition
The term " macroindentation " is applied to tests with a larger test load , such as 1 kgf or more .	tests
The ground surface quickly turned to a consistency of cream cheese and on the coast troops were confined to roads , except during frosts .	roads
As of the census of 2000 , there were 653 people , 302 households , and 172 families residing in the town .	residing
Slaughter 's interests include the Middle East and particularly Palestine .	interests
Remains of the city walls can be seen today .	walls
He theorizes that most neuroses and severe mental illnesses originate in the preoedipal period , before the development of language .	severe
In the general election , Stothert defeated Suttle and became Omaha 's first female mayor .	mayor
Stephanie Bargas , Jeff Lepine and Jon Barlow served as the visual 's producers , while theCollectiveShift executively produced it .	visual
The court learned that Bessell had a contract with " The Sunday Telegraph " , which was paying him £ 50,000 for his story .	learned
Macsyma later became a successful commercial product and is also the core of the free Maxima system .	core
McGinnity moved to Springfield , Illinois , where he worked as a coal miner , bartender , and operated a saloon .	coal
Ruddock joined Southampton in February 1989 , in a £ 200,000 transfer from Millwall .	transfer
The corps then went on to place 24th of 51 corps at DCI in Miami , Florida , earning DCI Associate membership .	membership
His bank also provided financing to the film industry developing on the West Coast at the time .	developing
Their musical style is based around the consistent use of acoustic instruments .	instruments
The most important and influential is :	influential
People with only one functioning ear seem much more distracted by interfering noise than people with two typical ears .	typical
Cystic fibrosis , for example , is caused by mutations in a single gene called " CFTR " and is inherited as a recessive trait .	gene
The larvae feed on " Artemisia dracunculus " .	feed
Most notably , he directed the award-winning shorts " Oceans Within Us " and " Blesscode " in Europe .	notably
On March 18 , 2007 , Piailug presided over the first Pwo ceremony for navigators on Satawal in 56 years .	ceremony
Post World War II , he designed steam locomotives for Hanomag and Henschel .	steam
In 1991 he was given a second chance , playing for Derbyshire , but his first-team performances did not live up to his earlier performances .	chance
He is author of or consultant on several children 's books , videos , and puzzles in The Child 's World and Baby Explorer series .	videos
She reached a highest world ranking of No .	ranking
Song sheets were made which just had the lyrics of a popular song .	lyrics
At the end of the year she returned to Dresden , to perform Norma and Valentine , under a new contract .	perform
Magura is a peak located in the Kasprowy Wierch massif , part of the Western Tatras in Poland .	peak
Touring commitments with Aretha Franklin prevented Vincent from appearing with Dawn on tour .	appearing
As expected , another brawl broke out before both sides agreed to mutually burn the poster in an effort to defuse tensions .	effort
Following the war the area was incorporated into the State of Israel and the moshav of Timorim was established the lands of Tall at-Turmus in 1954 .	lands
In that year , Castro also filmed the most controversial music video in her career , " Pena De Amor Y Muerte . "	filmed
But Ravi Varma 's dream was independence of his country and restore her former prestige .	independence
During her time as student at Lahore College for Women University , she acted as President of the Dramatic Society and completed a National Guard training .	acted
In May 1951 , " Dea Mazzella " was caught up in industrial action by the Ship Painters ' and Dockers ' Union at Melbourne .	caught
In the 50-year history of the Seminoles ' women 's golf program , they have won three conference championships and one national championship .	championships
Thus it represents Miami 's emergence from the great depression .	represents
Sweet wrappers were introduced in the early 1920s , but this process was undertaken by hand until the first wrapping machines were introduced in 1928 .	1920s
Mature stands of white spruce in boreal regions often have well-developed moss layers dominated by feather mosses , e.g. , " Hylocomium splendens " ( Hedw . )	stands
Local sentiment demanded incorporation to prevent the relentless high-rise development of Ocean City from creeping north into Fenwick Island .	prevent
Scenes ( in which a vehicle was rolled off the side of a cliff ) shot in Big Bear Lake were shot at a campground .	vehicle
This made it possible to have a connection between water and gardens .	connection
The first tornado of the outbreak happened at 7 : 22 PM CDT ( 0022 ) near the town of Day , Minnesota .	happened
USA ) , a clear distinction is drawn between ' Audax ' and ' Randonneuring ' .	drawn
They adopted of the Greeks the use of the Ionic and Corinthian orders , to which added the toscà and the compound .	orders
Ductile , metallic materials tend to use the lower value while brittle materials use the higher values .	values
At the beginning , the Regatas had few members and a large beach over the Río Paraná coast .	beach
A " New York Post " writer felt that their ad was " no more racy than nearly any beer commercial not starring the Budweiser Clydesdales " .	felt
The university has been coeducational since its founding in 1889 .	founding
Jean Antoine Ernest Constans ( 3 May 1833 – 7 April 1913 ) was a French politician and colonial administrator .	colonial
Before that , they are simply useful items , but not commodities .	items
Eight species belong to this genus , with cranial and external differences :	differences
Tichenor was an acknowledged expert on aspects of ragtime and the ragtime era .	aspects
The New Zealand government sent an equivalent unit which , together with the Australians , formed " C " Troop of the 1st Wireless Squadron .	equivalent
The Second World War diverted most scholars to wartime projects and accounted for a pause in scholarship during the 1940s .	scholars
His first poetry collection , " Made Beautiful by Use " , was published by the Winnipeg publisher Signature Editions in 2007 .	poetry
Cornered on the precipice of a canyon , Baby-Snaps realizes the futility of his flight , thanks Jake , and jumps over the edge .	edge
Ventrally , the hair is pale yellowish-brown throughout .	hair
In actual practice , the U.S. marshal for the district primarily oversees court security , and has a unit of appointed deputies and special deputies .	actual
Three of the escorts resumed the search immediately after refueling .	search
On the village square there is a fountain in the shape of a mussel .	shape
By using a mechanical energy balance , compressible fluid flow in un-choked conditions may be calculated as :	flow
Cotto 's eyes had some partial swelling .	eyes
In 1981 she collaborated on the 33-minute documentary " The Workplace Hustle , " produced by Woody Clark and Al Brito and narrated by Ed Asner .	documentary
The test was conducted from Wheeler 's Island in Bhadrak district , by army personnel as part of a training exercise .	personnel
It was the subject 's task to specify in what order the three situations should be placed to make the most reasonable story .	task
Because the Knicks initially made the deal for salary cap reasons , they decided to finalize the deal regardless .	reasons
The 2016 FINA Swimming World Cup was a series of nine two-day meets in nine different cities between August and October 2016 .	meets
He also earned four letters in track and field and two in basketball .	letters
Opportunity UK is currently serving more than 1.2 million African 's by raising funds to help develop microfinance in Malawi , Mozambique , Tanzania and Ghana .	funds
The fewer flights means the cost per flight goes up significantly .	significantly
This explains why modern Protestant churches sometimes use " Philadelphia " as a component in the local church 's name as a way of emphasizing its faithfulness .	churches
The manufacturing of tyres for Luftwaffe aircraft was also of interest for the Nazis .	manufacturing
The Zoo de La Flèche ( formally Parc Zoologique du Tertre-Rouge ) is a zoo that opened in 1946 in La Flèche ( Sarthe ) , France .	formally
Amongst the general population , however , astrology is popular , with most major newspapers running astrology columns .	newspapers
The American League initially rejected the deal , but reconsidered when Mrs. Yawkey joined the group as a third general partner in 1978 .	rejected
In November 2014 , Ayb Foundation initiated the " Ararat Baccalaureate " , a curriculum applied within the AYB educational program as an Armenian-based international education system .	educational
He produced at least eight hundred canvases and eight thousand works on paper and board .	hundred
In the run up to the Prince 's visit , two Irish republican dissidents were arrested for planning a bomb attack .	planning
However , on matchday 4 , Ludogorets were defeated 0-4 by Basel at St. Jakob-Park , suffering their worst defeat in the European competitions .	competitions
Ren 's eldest daughter , Meng Wanzhou , is deputy chairperson and chief financial officer ( CFO ) of Huawei .	deputy
The largest settlement is Hakahau , on Hakahau Bay , on the northeast coast .	northeast
The Pyrenees is one of the few places in Europe where these birds can be seen .	birds
The fighting also spread to Somalia as both governments tried to outflank one another .	spread
Even if it did impact , is so small that it would simply disintegrate in a manner similar to the Chelyabinsk meteor .	impact
a bishop without a diocese ) on 11 June 1727 .	bishop
The board of school directors may hold a public hearing on the budget , but are not required to do so .	budget
Ryan finds himself needing to teach humankind the old ways of acquiring information again — from books .	ways
Although " Mythologies " is classified as an action-adventure game , its play controls are very similar to the 2D " Mortal Kombat " fighting games .	classified
A girl drowned after being swept into a creek , and a woman drowned while in her car .	girl
Baseden spent her first nights of freedom on a mattress on the floor of the Malmö Museum of Prehistory , sleeping under the skeletons of dinosaurs .	freedom
The settlement was worth $ 660 million , with an average of $ 1.3 million for each plaintiff .	worth
The brothers moved into a log cabin 5 miles north of the mouth of the Manatee River .	mouth
" Candida albicans " is the most commonly isolated species and can cause infections ( candidiasis or thrush ) in humans and other animals .	humans
The current mountain form is a collapsed crater with a semicircular shape .	shape
As their house burns , Edward and Trudy manage to drag their unconscious mother to safety .	safety
Six kept the name as a display of power .	display
Under Pijpers , Flora won three consecutive Meistriliiga titles in 2001 , 2002 and 2003 .	consecutive
Other crew members included cinematographer Christophe Beaucarne , production designer Jean-Vincent Puzos , and editor François Gédigier .	designer
Many materials are readily available with sufficient microcrystallinity for powder diffraction , or samples may be easily ground from larger crystals .	easily
In 2002 Mondini was sacked from US Postal after police found EPO and growth hormones in his hotel room during 2001 Giro d 'Italia .	hotel
The remains of the Castle are visible from Rosehearty .	visible
This is often used for lessons and as a warm down pool at competitions .	competitions
Lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) persons in the U.S. state of Minnesota have the same rights and responsibilities as non-LGBT people .	persons
The USRAP , UNHCR , and DHS prioritize refugees who are affiliated with the US government and religious minorities .	affiliated
Colorado would miss the extra point , however , to lead 6-3 .	extra
He was however too young to be installed king , thus a queen regent	installed
1994 Pure ( Some other kind of Meat ) 🇺 🇸 🇫 🇷 mix	kind
Besides the original English version , Disney Character Voices International arranged for " Frozen " to be dubbed into another 47 languages and dialects worldwide .	arranged
Its ruins are visible today .	visible
Lorr is the academy 's combat and tactics trainer .	combat
Two multi-use garage units totaling 16,800 square feet also stand in the vicinity of the Barber Proving Grounds .	stand
Single seat aircraft such as the Spitfire and Hurricane were equipped mostly with the TR1143 set .	equipped
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , Pitrufquén spans an area of and has 21,988 inhabitants ( 10,902 men and 11,086 women ) .	inhabitants
Instead , it became part of the BT Wireless division within BT , and was briefly rebranded simply " Digifone " .	briefly
Soon after their return to New Echota in 1825 , Ridge was chosen for the Cherokee National Council and became a leader in the tribe .	tribe
In the preface , Stritar published an essay which is still considered one of the most influential essays in Slovene history .	influential
Christian Sylvester Sands ( born May 22 , 1989 ) is an American jazz pianist .	jazz
Taghmon Church is located east of Crookedwood , southeast of Lough Derravaragh .	southeast
However , the move never materialised as the club could not afford a permanent deal .	permanent
However , there are also concerns that personal information and voting patterns open up the system to " Big Brother " style manipulation .	concerns
The study estimated reconstruction costs at $ 850,000 .	costs
She then continued on to Amsterdam and ultimately arrived back in Wilhelmshaven on 23 April .	ultimately
Balinor takes up his country 's rule , while Dayel and Durin return to the Westland , and Menion returns to Leah with Shirl .	returns
Hayden was selected in the sixth round ( 181st overall ) of the 2008 NFL draft by the Carolina Panthers .	draft
Memphis Nighthawks recordings include the albums Jazz Lips on Delmark Records and Live at the Stabilizer .	recordings
He was released in 1268 and paid a substantial fine of £ 500 .	fine
The find has been variously dated , but the first or second century AD is the most probable guess .	dated
In the television series , she sometimes wears a green dress , and later a brown and black one , that she uses as traveling clothing .	brown
However , the seating capacity was decreased from 7,000 to 5,400 to accommodate the changes ( although with standing room only will still hold over 7,000 ) .	standing
As a result of this process , most countries in South America now speak the same language as Castile .	speak
This is a list of Marathi films that have been released or have been scheduled for release 2015 .	scheduled
In April 2009 , Gayda returned to WWE for one-night only as a part of the 25 Diva battle royal at WrestleMania XXV .	royal
In the central courtyard of the palace is the pillared baradari or pavilion ; frescoes and coloured tiles decorate the rooms on the ground and upper floors .	rooms
Lung Wu flipped the situation and fought every of Mothball 's men down including Mothball himself .	situation
The " apologia " were essays designed to justify British policies .	policies
UMHK representatives began negotiating a compromise with Congolese officials .	officials
The Latin American Kiwanis Club refurbished the park in early June 2006 , replacing the mural with a backlit photograph of Cruz .	replacing
In the beginning , the RAF was forbidden to attack targets in Germany due to the risk of accidental civilian casualties .	risk
He has a late-night meeting with Harold , who has been missing since the times of " " .	missing
There were three promoted teams from Championnat National , replacing the three teams that were promoted to Ligue 1 following the 2013 – 14 season .	replacing
The oldest church in the neighborhood is the Summerfield Methodist Church , founded in 1840 .	neighborhood
A 58-minute cut of " Drone " premiered on the TV network Arte on , 2014 .	premiered
Firmage has stated that access to the basic Digital Universe content will always remain free and without advertisements .	basic
This leads to the definition of the scattering vector as :	leads
Australia won the toss and chose to bat on a good pitch for batting .	chose
After the junction with K-111 , K-140 continues through rural areas before it goes through the small unincorporated community of Carneiro .	unincorporated
Many of the effects induced by mild hypothermia may help to reduce the number of cells undergoing apoptosis .	reduce
It would be a real leap of faith for me to believe that now you 're telling me the truth . "	believe
These corrected texts became models for the Orthodox churches using Church Slavonic language : Bulgaria , Serbia , Romania , and Ukraine .	churches
Additionally , the school offered trips to relevant locations in conjunction with specific classes .	locations
Hans Moldenhauer was born in 1906 in Germany , but emigrated to the United States in 1938 to escape fascism in his native country .	escape
Membership in this school is limited to people who have good standing with the Free Reformed Church of North America .	standing
In many retentionist countries , drug trafficking is also a capital offense .	drug
I asked him for the freedom of my country . "	freedom
Věra Čáslavská ( ; 3 May 1942 – 30 August 2016 ) was a Czechoslovak artistic gymnast and Czech sports official .	artistic
To avoid this a larger number of electrodes are required .	avoid
Gas stations had signs for rest rooms labeled " Men " , " Women " , and " Colored . "	rooms
Graham was the first NHL captain of African descent .	descent
Swix is a Norwegian company producing ski wax , ski poles and sportswear .	producing
The company also acted as wholesalers for other brands , such as Cadburys , Frys and Rowntrees .	acted
On May 19 , 2007 , the boys ' track and baseball teams won the Colorado State Championship in their respective sports .	boys
( 90 ) and Ph.D. ( 93 ) degrees in Biomedical Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute .	degrees
ADSL2 has multiple modes for DSL providers to offer services for different needs .	needs
It was shortly appropriated by supporters of " imperialism " such as Joseph Chamberlain .	shortly
Between this and the line of tubercles the profile is oblique and straight , not concave .	straight
Postwar , she continued to serve in the Baltic and was briefly converted to a training ship before being scrapped in the late 1950s .	briefly
An anthology comic was released on May 7 , 2015 .	comic
In 1955 , Churchill Downs had all winners prior to the 1924 race also engraved on the trophy .	winners
The ruling triggered intense emotion on the left , which denounced a " class justice " , and yielded a significant electoral backlash .	electoral
In English and Scottish literature , the Four Daughters appear quite widely , for example in :	quite
Gorgolla is a Stonian from the planet Stonus V and the son of Granitor who ruled the Stonians .	ruled
The institute has recorded 100 % placements for the past Ten consecutive years .	consecutive
Most first-language speakers speak Hausa or Arabic as a second language .	speak
Before the launch of The CW , WSJP was a dual affiliate of UPN and The WB .	launch
The Secretary of this Managing Committee functions as the head of that branch .	functions
De Vries did not participate this season .	participate
Daily newspaper coverage is provided by the " Blackpool Gazette " .	coverage
SR 20 was routed onto the highway after the 1964 highway renumbering , but was moved to the bypass and replaced by SR 215 in 1973 .	onto
In 1984 , it received two Jussi Awards : for the best début film and for the best script .	script
Stone age : Along the river Damodar in Ramgarh early stone age ( Lower Paleolithic ) tools were found	tools
In 1985 the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston mounted a retrospective exhibition .	exhibition
Neurotoxic oligomeric amyloid-β species decrease the expression of insulin receptors on the neuronal cell surface and abolish neuronal insulin signaling .	expression
Walls of the presbytery together with its polygonal ending were made first .	ending
The white peat grew more rapidly under humid conditions than the black peat .	rapidly
The interior has an open sanctuary with a pulpit and three rows of original pine pews .	interior
The eaves and gables are adorned with evenly spaced Italianate brackets , and the front windows have bracketed sills and lintels .	windows
Neither of the stations nor the trains were equipped with radio , and there were no further signals in between the trains .	equipped
It was during the installation of this screen that the shallow trench referred to above was dug .	screen
In 2012 , a new departure hall of international airlines was openedat the airport of Chelyabinsk .	hall
She appeared in a skit on " Sesame Street , " where Elmo was looking for Peekaboo Street and he met the real Picabo Street .	looking
Cinnamon Bun delivers a speech to the palace convincing the people to detain the Flame King and Don John while earning the affections of Flame Princess .	speech
The camp had a police department which was worked by sixty Japanese American internees , although it was headed by a white security officer .	headed
In addressing children 's emotional well-being , Walker stated prevention provides the best solution	solution
The route serves as an eastern bypass around Marion for motorists driving from westbound State Route 14 towards northbound State Route 5 .	driving
In , Mitre started out the season on the Opening Day roster , filling in for the injured Mark Prior .	injured
East Grinstead was founded during or before the 13th century : little is known of its early history .	13th
They finished bottom of the division in 1938 – 39 .	bottom
The use of a multilevel security method would accomplish this task .	task
After training on RAF aircraft , on 21 August 1941 he was posted to the Polish No .	posted
In the Eighties smaller boats were built and production increased to employ 7,000 shipyard workers and become the largest company in Rijeka .	boats
Yet Marall has to change his tune when he sees Lady Allworth come out of mourning to meet Welborn .	sees
She was a goddess of death , and her image is on the inside of most sarcophagi .	image
Deerfield Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
The sugar slump of the 1880s brought many more women to the towns , turning to prostitution to try and make a living .	towns
The fugue was performed at Carnegie Hall on a program that included Varèse 's iconic percussion composition " Ionisation . "	composition
8 or 24 hours of phosphated steel ) to more than a month ( e.g .	steel
As of 2000 , there were no systematic records of pollution levels in lakes , rivers , and reservoirs .	rivers
The pair were expected to wrestle as singles wrestlers , but were instead placed into a tag team .	pair
Pete Hoida artist and poet , was born at Birkenhead in 1944 .	poet
According to Chile 's Fundacion Paz Ciudadana , the prison 's capacity is 892 , but was heavily overcrowded with 1,654 inmates .	heavily
Nests are burrows in dirt , rotten wood or termite mounds .	wood
It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period .	dating
Finn and Jake , working together , use the dream warriors techniques and are victorious .	techniques
After many complications sagar and ganga end up getting married .	getting
Located high on a hill , it is the principal tourist attraction in Jaipur .	hill
Agricultural museums may further specialize in educating the public about one single crop or they may be multi-themed , covering several or many crop types .	covering
With a subscription to Urge , 102 additional radio stations were available , providing a total of 138 radio stations as of July 2007 .	providing
He was elected as the secretary of the PGA of America in December 1941 and remained in that post until 1946 .	secretary
She was eventually broken up in 1826 .	broken
Qualification rule : The first three finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next six fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the final .	heat
The grounds were located in the Campo di Marte area .	grounds
It reaches the Atlantic coast at Punta Loyola , at the mouth of the Gallegos River from Rio Gallegos .	mouth
He is a professor emeritus of mathematics at the University of Washington .	mathematics
Seen in flashback , it is filled with inexplicable catastrophes and the sudden deaths of people he disliked or who offended him .	filled
They extensively reconstructed and modernized the castle .	castle
Even though the man he fought at the graveyard was revealed to be Clayface , Jason Todd 's remains are still missing from his grave .	missing
The referendum and adoption of Thailand 's current constitution happened under the junta 's rule .	happened
The advent of synchrotron sources has widened the choice of wavelength considerably .	choice
Up to three double-decker tramcars are each hauled by a Clydesdale horse .	horse
There are two factors that interrelate interventionism and journalistic culture : Distance to power holders and market orientation .	factors
The main part of the house was demolished some time between 1674 and 1679 .	demolished
Zsófia is a female given name , the Hungarian equivalent of " Sophia " , and may refer to :	equivalent
On 4 April 2015 , Kenny Williams was in a Four Way Match for the Open weight Championship .	weight
Moreover , the aqueous phase that forms after the condensation of the vapor is almost pure water .	phase
Aldo Moro 's assassination caused a strong reaction against the Brigades by the Italian law enforcement and security forces .	reaction
Middle-European Jews , mostly German-speaking , also made their way to the city and established small businesses .	businesses
Although his decision was upheld by the High Court , in July 1982 the Court of Appeal ordered the inquest to go ahead .	ahead
Figures published in several different sources prove this difficulty by varying greatly .	greatly
After going down in the third round but recovering , Martirosyan was knocked out in the tenth round and registered his second defeat .	registered
He is a world-class boxer who trained Batman , Black Canary , and even Superman in the art .	trained
The flowers are borne singly in leaf axils on a hairy stalk long .	flowers
To preserve the site from potential damage , electrodes were placed non-traditionally as flat-based detectors around the quadrangle of the pyramid bodies of the pyramid .	bodies
Populations of northern leopard frogs are significantly declining throughout the Rocky Mountains .	significantly
thereby creating a rivalry between the two .	creating
The following is a list of wars involving Tanzania since its formation in 1964 .	involving
In 2011 , he was picked as ambassador for Lebanese public awareness campaign " Kunhadi " ( Be calm ) , promoting safe driving among Lebanese youth .	driving
The Gamecocks won the contest 6 – 0 .	contest
In Indonesia , a curry puff is known as a " pastel " , although it does not necessarily contain any curry powder .	contain
She then leads the Galean men into battle .	leads
The 1910 census does not list Rennerdale as part of Collier Township , but 72 persons are counted on Sunnyside Avenue .	persons
Numerous groups advocate fossil fuel divestment , which in 2015 was reportedly the fastest growing divestment movement in history .	fuel
North Quincy , Illinois is a census-designated place and neighborhood located within and immediately north of the outskirts of its parent city of Quincy .	neighborhood
Almost all people from Mali are MuslimsAn estimated 90 percent of Malians are Muslim , mostly Sunni belonging to Maliki school of jurisprudence influenced with Sufism .	influenced
During the Interregnum , Belasyse was in frequent communication with King Charles II and his supporters in Holland .	communication
An ACLU lawsuit charges that CMUs of the federal prisons violate inmates ' rights .	charges
The expressway passes through the municipalities of Victoria , Pura , Ramos , and Anao .	passes
He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
Finally , the two cookies are striped with light brown fudge .	brown
He was a member of the parliamentary Committee for Employment and Labour and deputy chairman of the Subcommittee for European Affairs .	deputy
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal .	equal
Freinademetz was based in Sai Kung until 1880 and set up a chapel on the island of Yim Tin Tsai in 1879 .	chapel
The words " sadism " and " sadist " are derived from Marquis de Sade .	derived
The unshared memory of a process is reported as USS .	memory
The " Samguk Sagi " also reports that the Cheomhae forged a truce with Goguryeo , and that his reign saw repeated clashes with Baekje .	reign
The chemical compound cavicularin was isolated from this species .	chemical
Ensign Charles Hammann won the first Medal of Honor awarded to a United States naval aviator in an M.5 .	naval
It is commonly used by wildlife and is popular with human visitors in the summer who swim and fish there .	visitors
This is the mentality that produces Hitlers and the Mussolinis , and their desire to climb to power .	produces
He was Assistant Chief of Staff for intelligence under both Lesley J. McNair ( from June 26 , 1941 ) and George C. Marshall .	intelligence
New renovation came after FK Jezero gained promotion to Montenegrin First League , when capacity is reduced to 2,500 seats .	promotion
Most punctures are a millimeter or less in diameter .	diameter
Several bassists use a distorted bass tone , an approach popularized by Burton and Motörhead 's Lemmy .	bass
( USMC tank battalions were equipped initially with M3 Stuarts , which were replaced by M4 Shermans in mid 1944 . )	equipped
It was used after World War II to fly assembled vehicles into Berlin .	vehicles
In New England , more than 200 dams suffered partial or total failure .	failure
In 1961 , Kasplyansky District was abolished and merged into Smolensky District .	merged
In 1862 , he leased the island to Simeon Leland , a prominent hotelier , who then subleased it to the U.S. War Department for hospital purposes .	purposes
Despite being perceived as anti-American , a contradictory version of Khan 's political views surfaced in a US diplomatic cable which was leaked by WikiLeaks in 2011 .	views
After passing through nether realms of darkness and fire , the elevator comes to a stop and its doors open - right back where they started .	passing
But these free people of color formed the basis of most of the free black families in colonial Virginia .	colonial
Later , the meaning of " lingua franca " expanded to mean any bridge language .	mean
He also painted some portrait miniatures on copper .	painted
In between dates on this tour , the band performed a handful of shows with artists on Decaydance Records .	dates
The Murphy , Nicholson , Ross , and Cogley islands are in the Allegheny in Armstrong County .	islands
Holmbladsgade is one of the most lively streets in the Amagerbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark , connecting Amagerbrogade to Strandlodsvej on the east coast of Amager .	streets
Filderbrandt explained that he left the federal Conservative party after the 2009 auto bailout and Bernier 's leadership run drew him back into the party .	drew
The album was well received by critics and fans .	fans
Receiving a suspended sentence , home-based detention , periodic detention , and detention until the rising of the court also contribute to an adverse criminal record .	criminal
Joining them on stage are their children : Madison ( guitars ) and Morgan ( vocals ) .	vocals
She was a rebuilt type of the Russian .	rebuilt
Sizes also vary around the world , as they are legal definitions which are defined by the local regulatory authority .	authority
James Soong , then the head of the Taiwan Government Information Office , flatly denied student spying allegations .	denied
There are mining operations on the island , administered by the Calagnaan Agro-Industry Corporation .	mining
This will reduce capacity in and through London Bridge station .	reduce
In addition , the arboretum is home to a flock of some 200 peafowl , which are descendants of original birds imported by Baldwin from India .	birds
However , Miki also conveyed the narrative as part of talks she would deliver to her disciples regarding her teachings .	regarding
The " Doar Ivri " stamps issued by " Minhelet Ha 'am " went on sale in Safed on May 16 , 1948 .	sale
In 1904 , three pieces of Joor 's pottery were exhibited at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis , Missouri .	pieces
For these activities , Edith Cavell was tried as a spy by the Germans and was executed .	executed
While not all elements are required , at least two terminals are required in order to enable communication between two people .	communication
DeLeo reintroduced the gambling debate to the House of Representatives in his first months as speaker .	debate
" Gunga Din " is an 1890 poem by Rudyard Kipling , set in British India .	poem
He began working as a journalist and broadcaster for Formula One F1 in 1986 and later started working as a media consultant for major sponsors .	journalist
The median income for a household in the township was $ 50,196 , and the median income for a family was $ 52,613 .	township
Tim Sendra of Allmusic describes " Summertime " as an R & B " sweet love song " with lush sampled strings and acoustic guitars .	describes
During the 2010-2011 school year , there have been 2 separate incidents involving inappropriate teacher / student relationships .	involving
For the senator 's contributions , the airport was named McCarran Field in 1941 .	contributions
Regarding Irons , O 'Brien stated that " everybody was on their best musical behavior around him . "	behavior
The major controls are placed logically around the steering column and on the central tunnel , as well as across the upper dash .	column
Later , Mr. B asked her to teach a " newcomers " class for dancers joining the company .	joining
It focuses on providing a finger-friendly interface .	providing
The collar is of the same colour as the clothing .	colour
Born in Fairfax , Virginia , she spent her childhood in the United States .	childhood
Though chairperson of the Senate in 1936 , Plamínková was unable to push through changes to the family code .	unable
The Chiefs advanced to play the Kootenay Ice in the WHL finals , but lost in six games .	finals
In October 2005 , Suetsugu was accused of plagiarising Takehiko Inoue 's " Slam Dunk " and " Real " .	accused
The designs are often floral , but many other motifs are also used , such as eagles and landmarks .	designs
He was Dean of the University for the next eleven years .	eleven
The individual bond capacitors are not initially known , but in the absence of any information to the contrary we assume that they are all equal .	equal
In addition , Māori migrants sought employment as correction officers and in the Australian Army .	sought
At the start of the 20th century , the island had become the East Coast assembly point for units being assigned to America 's new overseas operations .	assembly
This connected several protected areas to make one larger protective area .	protected
The PAVN again broke and ran , and Company F moved through the area , capturing a number of weapons and counting 11 dead .	weapons
After his retirement , he wrote essays on Comparative Literature and Literary Theory for Jornal do Brasil / Rio de Janeiro and academicals publications .	publications
He steps away from her , and she dies from her injuries a moment later .	injuries
Johansson also argued that there have been four transformative epochs in New Zealand political history .	argued
Another form is smithing ( 鍛金 ) , which is creating forms by beating .	creating
At TNA 's previous PPV event Unbreakable on September 11 , then-champion Raven retained the title in a Raven 's Rules match against Rhino .	retained
The game is over when the player has successfully defeated the final dragon or runs out of time .	successfully
Wesley follows a GPS unit to a precise location where he finds a hamburger-shaped speaker outside of a fast-food restaurant .	restaurant
As of 30 September 2015 , there are 28 signatories to the Convention and 20 instruments of ratification have been deposited .	instruments
Many M3s deemed surplus to Australian Army requirements were acquired by civilian buyers during the 1950s and 1960s for conversion to earthmoving equipment and / or tractors .	requirements
On only 9 kick-off returns , Parmele racked up 283 yards for a 31.4 average with his longest return being 53 yards .	returns
Numerous houses were swept away and damaged after crashing into other obstacles .	damaged
In consequence most of his major works are conventional oil paintings , some of which were intended as studies for the House of Life .	paintings
Rutland is mainly rural , but has two market towns , Oakham , the county town , and Uppingham .	towns
It also has a weight room available .	weight
There are variety of fishes and fishing is allowed .	fishing
The 50th ( Northumbrian ) Division was not involved in the Somme Offensive until its third phase ( the Battle of Flers – Courcelette ) .	phase
The desirable properties of an FCC catalyst are :	properties
At Ulithi , " Terror " supplied mines and gear to minecraft preparing for the invasion of Iwo Jima .	invasion
He is a series editor for Addison Wesley where he launched two successful series targeting the Microsoft developer audience .	audience
To determine prevalence , the Namibian government conducts a bi-annual serological survey among pregnant women , ages 15 – 49 .	determine
The school began construction of larger premises in Monterrico ( Santiago de Surco ) , with the first stone laid in 1953 .	laid
The drier areas are being threatened with progression to desertification .	threatened
During the 1910s and 1920s .	1920s
He was born to a prominent Bahá 'í family of Qazvin of Bábí and Shaykhi background .	background
Bismuth on cooling expands by about 3.3 % by volume .	volume
The community is no longer located on the main highway , as the highway was rebuilt to create a new highway to bypass Reeds Spring proper .	rebuilt
Ferri-obertiite is an amphibole group mineral that was formally approved by the International Mineralogical Association in 2015 .	formally
Between 1742 and 1775 , Hill trained sixteen surgical apprentices .	trained
was not only sexually abused , but that the child ’ s mother was complicit in allowing the abuse .	allowing
Mentor MicroBank Foundation differs to usual micro lending schemes in that it provides pre and post grant mentoring and oversight from experienced and successful business people .	experienced
This " vertical garden " covers the façade of a large High Street store , and is in bloom all year round .	garden
It featured a 200-pound squash and a quarter-acre plowing competition with teams of horses and oxen .	horses
The amount of sand removed can be 200 – 400 times its own weight .	weight
In Cuba by contrast , there were 213,167 free people of color , or 39 % of its black population of 550,000 .	contrast
The species name is derived from Greek " íov " ( meaning violet ) the Greek word for grey .	derived
A new project has been developed , called VLMa ( standing for VideoLAN Manager ) .	standing
Most students apply to MIPT immediately after graduating from high school at the age of 17 .	graduating
Evans died at his residence at Cantley , Norfolk .	residence
The plants are densely leafy , the leaves divided into five or seven ( occasionally three or nine ) pinnate leaflets .	occasionally
" Don 't Quit Your Gay Job " is a half-hour reality series broadcast on OUTtv in Canada and Europe .	reality
New assets purchased by the trustee will not be disclosed to the government official , so they will not pose a conflict .	conflict
A track noted in 1941 as a tramway leads off to the Blue Bag Mine in an easterly direction .	leads
The team earned a final ranking of 7th in state for 2A IHSA by MaxPreps .	ranking
Liberia 's former president Charles Taylor was indicted as a diamond-embezzling warlord who aided and abetted African rebels who committed heinous atrocities against millions of African people .	committed
In 1952 she initiated a conference about international understanding through children 's books , on which the International Board on Books for Young People in based .	understanding
If a match ended as a draw in this round , the two teams go straight to penalty shootout .	straight
So the factor share devoted to labor is :	factor
Micropterix hartigi is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1981 , and is endemic to Italy .	endemic
It is part of the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board and is affiliated with the Carmelite-run parish of St. John of the Cross .	affiliated
Moose ( Alces alces ) and herds of boreal woodland caribou ( Rangifer tarandus caribou ) can also occasionally be seen near Thompson .	occasionally
The fields are located along a strip between the Titusville wellfield and Mims .	fields
The reduction of comparing with " Dunkerque " was necessary to accommodate the boiler room design .	necessary
The regiment moved to Bedford in July 1941 .	regiment
The album charted at number 38 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers while the single " Wasted " peaked at number 37 on the Mainstream Rock Chart .	peaked
This eremophila is only known from 3 locations in the Avon Wheatbelt biogeographic region .	locations
Our passionate personalities are heard live on WBF , so they can interact with our listeners .	heard
Most classrooms had polished wooden floorboards , which were later carpeted-over .	wooden
Brian Colin ( born November 4 , 1956 ) is an American video-game designer , artist and animator .	designer
The group has had three videos on MTV :	videos
One of his first duties was to help create the Voice of Nigeria network .	duties
In 2005 , Bernal contributed to Cooder 's concept album " Chavez Ravine .	contributed
General Chakri succeeded Taksin in 1782 as Rama I , the first king of the Chakri dynasty .	dynasty
The 2006 ZX1000D6F model carried over to the 2007 model year , with only color scheme changes .	scheme
After the State of Phulra was abolished , both these branches continue to be represented in the area .	branches
According to some authors , he is considered to be a Croatian writer from Vojvodina , Serbia .	authors
There are several different proprietary designs that have been developed for modern FCC units .	designs
Travel to the destination camps in captivity covered hundreds of kilometres and was done mainly on foot .	foot
In 1929 , Kaas published a volume of Nuncio Pacelli 's speeches .	volume
His widow , Rachel ( Lady Campbell ) , survived until January 1657 , but he left no children .	survived
Since 1988 , many students at CHA have participated in an annual mission trip to Mexico .	trip
In the fall of 2016 , Clifford gave campaign contributions to Jo Beth Weber , a Democratic candidate for the Fifth District Appellate Court .	contributions
A special informed consent problem happened historically with biobanks .	happened
Smith earned an executive producer credit , and the album marked his final official contribution to the band 's discography .	credit
It parallelizes development by enabling small autonomous teams to develop , deploy and scale their respective services independently .	scale
The inflorescence is usually a solitary flower head or occasionally a cluster of 2 or more .	occasionally
Floods in some areas reached deep .	deep
The mathematics exam included : algebra I , algebra II , geometry and trigonometry .	mathematics
According to the wording of the amendment , Caselli could no longer be appointed national anti-Mafia prosecutor for exceeding the age limit .	limit
While the team is sought to be a National team , other nationals are most welcome to join the team .	sought
These changes and a brief description are listed below :	brief
The Oxford Historical was a success , despite initial reservations by the University authorities and a student riot .	authorities
Ruddock was signed by Liverpool from Tottenham Hotspur on a £ 2.5 million transfer .	transfer
This is underlined as the Grimethorpe Colliery Band enter halfway through .	enter
Bruno has been a consultant for UNESCO since 1974 in several missions in the Middle East and in Europe .	missions
Anistreplase is a thrombolytic drug .	drug
It targets strength building or muscular endurance .	strength
One interested group intended to relocate the team to Sorel , Quebec .	interested
The arrangement was commissioned by the University of Houston School of Music and conductor Eddie Green .	commissioned
In the offseason , he tested for Tech 1 Racing , Prema Powerteam and Comtec Racing before signing for the latter in January 2009 .	signing
In addition to his growing familiarity with the repertoire , the young Caragiale educated himself by reading the philosophical works of Enlightenment-era " philosophes " .	reading
The LP was packaged in a plain white jacket with " Kum Back " rubber-stamped in blue or red ink .	blue
Communities of writers build collective archetypes based on the celebrities ' public personas .	writers
These risks will be intensified by climate change .	climate
Anything to win the game was legal except weapons .	weapons
While the US Marine Corps deployed all six of its tank battalions , none of these were equipped with the M3 Lee .	equipped
He has authored several books and publications .	publications
The Kwegu people ( or Muguji people ) are a Surmic ethnic group inhabiting the shores of the Omo River in southwestern Ethiopia .	ethnic
Struggling between the deadline given by the court and the unexpected hartal , he decides to smuggle the raw material on the day of the hartal .	decides
She adopted a " blonde bombshell " look and was compared to Marilyn Monroe .	look
Hurricane Georges began as a tropical wave off the coast of Africa in mid-September , 1998 .	tropical
A related value is the quarter rest ( or crotchet rest ) .	quarter
The Australian Army has no ensign of its own , but they are given the ceremonial task to be the defender of the National Flag .	task
The program is intended to teach practical knowledge by working with the staff and get to be in charge of their own production .	knowledge
In the following centuries this alphabet was adopted by other Slavic peoples .	centuries
When Jiang stepped down from his last formal post between 2002 and 2004 , it was ambiguous who the paramount leader was at the time .	formal
In about three minutes , the plasma would be ready to use and could stay fresh for around four hours .	stay
The following Student associations are spearheaded by our own young student leaders to instill and pass on the leadership skills to their fellow students .	skills
France and Italy were , however , authorized to build the replacement tonnage that the Washington Naval Treaty entitled them to lay down .	replacement
the Center for Reclaiming America for Christ was founded by the late D. James Kennedy but folded shortly after his death in 2007 .	shortly
The 13th Pan American Games were held in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada from July 23 to August 8 , 1999 .	13th
When it had become clear that the German fleet posed no threat , they returned to the Channel Fleet .	fleet
Skarð ( pronounced ) is an abandoned village on the east coast of the Island of Kunoy in the Norðoyar Region of the Faroes .	abandoned
However , the term " " fédérés " " as used by historians today almost always refers to the volunteer troops of 1792 .	refers
Nađfeji played with the junior national teams of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .	junior
There have been four baronetcies created for persons with the surname Bennet , two in the Baronetage of England and two in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia .	persons
This occurred after a long decline in tech support and licensing renewal service associated with the product .	decline
At the end , there was an animated comic where Pat and Jenny went into the Yokomites ' lair to defeat them .	comic
He also traveled abroad for studies in Paris , Berlin and Königsberg , during which he developed an interest in optics and statistics .	traveled
Musical director / composer Babymother the movie .	composer
There is also an established Taiwanese community in Toronto , but more spread out than its counterpart in Vancouver .	spread
The diagram enables calculation of the work performed and thus can provide a measure of the power produced by the engine .	measure
The goal setting process is usually very complex and vary from company to company in practice .	setting
Tudor Mill was cotton spinning mill in Ashton-under-Lyne , in the historic county of Lancashire , ( now Greater Manchester ) England .	mill
The record attendance of 51,936 was set when Canada tied Brazil 1 – 1 on June 5 , 1994 .	tied
WGI received its initial broadcasting license on February 7 , 1922 .	broadcasting
They discuss plans to start their own company without Angel until Cordelia gets a vision about a large two-headed , fire-breathing demon .	gets
The fall of Syracuse seemed to clear the way for an Aghlabid invasion of the Italian mainland , on which the Aghlabids already had a foothold .	invasion
Focused on the fight , Angel gets the upper hand on Connor , but before he can do anything harmful to Connor , Angel stops himself .	gets
There are few historical structures remaining ; among the oldest is the Point San Luis Light , built in 1890 after a series of shipping accidents .	structures
Wall pot racks are safely attached to screws that are drilled into wall studs , not plaster or drywall .	attached
" Renshaw " decommissioned on 14 February 1970 and was struck from the Navy List the same day .	struck
The organization also mobilized against the incorporation of Namibia into South Africa , and therefore shared a political allegiance with other organizations in South Africa .	shared
The Electoral ( Amendment ) ( Dáil Constituencies ) Act 2017 defines the constituency as :	constituency
Cordelia is unable to see that the woman is Fred from her vision , crazy after all her years in Pylea .	unable
Bailey sends Gem a text and after she agrees to meet him at the local garden nursery , he sneaks out .	garden
His training was hampered by a broken shoulder , and Cox eventually dropped out of Slash 's training school .	broken
Matchboard was most popular in the late Victorian period , when woodworking machinery had developed that could cut the edge joints quickly and cheaply .	edge
He was murdered in 1901 by a relative who nursed a grudge against him .	relative
Her brief nude scene in a 1973 staging of Massenet 's " Thaïs " , for the New Orleans Opera Association , made international headlines .	brief
He played three years with HC Sochi before signing as a free agent to a one-year contract with Dynamo Moscow on July 7 , 2017 .	signing
He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
The Communists succeeded in taking control of Ashkhabad in the summer of 1918 , forming a Soviet .	forming
The sack hoist was dismantled to enable its repair , brickwork was repaired , and new lintels were made for some of the windows .	windows
One possible technique for reducing helicopter rotor noise is ' modulated blade spacing ' .	technique
The Lambda though its open layout , with unstressed roof , made it less a " monocoque " shell and more a bowl - 11,000 were produced .	roof
The land-based air units each represent three air attacks ( against three different targets ) .	represent
Rivers in Montenegro all come from high mountains close to the sea .	mountains
The entire 600V was dropped across the device and a large short circuit current flowed .	device
The words are by the Belgian poet Émile Cammaerts .	poet
A county road connecting Sunnyside to Mabton was constructed by the early 1910s and paved during the following decade .	decade
Settlement of this area was inhibited by the continuous boundary disputes between Maryland and the Penn family .	boundary
Though the call letters WRJR had been with the station for many years , they were not immediately interpretable as being related to Bates College .	letters
Holm confirms the 45th TBAD arrived in November 1951 , but gives the receiving base 's coordinates as 53 5 51N , 26 2 50E .	receiving
Bull roasts and oyster roasts are fund-raising events held in Baltimore and neighboring counties .	counties
Such events held in Azerbaijan were attended by khanendes from Karabakh , Baku and Tabriz which in turn caused the blending of singing traditions of different regions .	singing
The enemies followed him and were never heard from again .	heard
However , on 27 February , an ISIL counter-attack drove the YPG away from Sarrin , back to Qara Qozak , just beyond the M5 Highway .	beyond
Both devices are not hacks but only means of a workaround .	devices
The library 's main collection contains over 6.500 items .	items
Takács ' painting , " Cancer Honeymoon " depicts Takács ’ mother , Dalma Takács during the early stages of ovarian cancer .	stages
While working with several artists in New Zealand , Aanerud also created his own bands , Handsome Giants and Blue Devils .	bands
The main roads in Office Hall are U.S. Route 301 and Virginia State Route 3 .	roads
In that race , there were two Essex County candidates : former Assembly Speaker Thomas Kean and former State Senator C. Robert Sarcone .	candidates
The spent shell case section was thoroughly ventilated and muzzle brakes were introduced to successfully cure the problem .	successfully
Kay 's son was admitted to hospital with meningitis .	admitted
The Suda claims that he produced fifty plays .	claims
The situation becomes even more tense when Tracy disappears .	situation
David Meller of MusicOMH wrote that " there ’ s nothing particularly striking " about the song , but that it 's " competent enough " .	nothing
Also , even with constant coefficients , it can approximately treat separation from smooth surfaces .	constant
The sequel , " Super Taekwon V " , took designs from " Gundam " and " Xabungle " .	designs
Laurel proved a tremendous asset to the new Legion during the war against Earthgov and the Dominators .	proved
Following family tradition , he began a military career .	tradition
They would report it as an accident .	accident
The song was written for voice and piano .	piano
Ron once wanted to be an actuary , but then Mr. Stoppable showed him how risk could lead to rewards .	risk
Later , a successful capital campaign made it possible for the non-profit Lark Theater LLC to purchase the building .	purchase
The Pantano River Park was the last piece in the continuous circuit of trails around the city of Tucson to be completed .	piece
The Tide light-rail system connects the campus with downtown Norfolk and points east to the Virginia Beach city line .	downtown
The six-meter-wide road offers tourists the opportunity to get cheap accommodation , and of course nightlife .	opportunity
The work was premiered by Ensemble Lontano , conducted by Odaline de la Martinez .	premiered
Then he traveled throughout the world for three years on behalf of the Russians .	traveled
The trucking company , under the Highway Traffic Act , was held liable and had to compensate the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario for the repair costs .	costs
A heartbroken Riyaz finds Avantika 's voice message for Rehana , and begins his own quest to uncover the real culprits behind the flight bombing .	message
For this group , the path took them out of cover , into the long sloping meadow which led to the Perrin farm in Ménafaing .	path
He was appointed postmaster of Camden on June 18 , 1889 , and served until June 1 , 1894 , when his successor was appointed .	successor
Around May 6 , the monsoon trough extended across the southern Bay of Bengal , producing a vast field of thunderstorm activity .	producing
The systems theory states that an individual exists within a hierarchy of subsystems ( e.g .	exists
However , Furtwängler had managed not to participate in the party congress .	participate
The bodies of Habschied and her boyfriend Gabor Neugebauer were found on 3 November 1993 in shallow graves apart .	bodies
In December 2014 , Urlacher participated in the USO Chairman 's Holiday tour , which provided entertainment to US troops in five countries around the world .	entertainment
Their southern border seems to very clearly be the Maumee River of Ohio & their territory extended around Lake Michigan into Indiana .	seems
1800 , but frictions between the Empire and the boyars pushed the party a steady decline .	decline
The final chemical state of the film is reached after neutralization is completed , after all the electrons have eventually slowed down .	chemical
In 1998 , " USA Today " reported that many customers had become frustrated with poor customer service at Fry 's stores .	stores
Producer Tim Minear had the idea to bring back actress Alyson Hannigan as Willow Rosenberg to re-ensoul Angel .	bring
Males had a median income of $ 30,938 versus $ 20,294 for females .	versus
Produced in Sydney , it was a live variety show spoofing Victorian music hall .	hall
This title is available in digital and printed form , and can be referenced online using the Electronic Code of Federal Regulations ( e-CFR ) .	printed
Between the ages of 16 and 17 she worked in Argentina writing songs about typical adolescents problems .	typical
Biermann earned eight letters at Hardin High School ( Hardin , Montana ) : three in football ; three in wrestling ; and two in track .	letters
The textual evidence from 12th century onwards suggest that Malayalam poets and playwrights included Lāsyā themes .	12th
Here is where Christ went to preach to the prisoners bound by error before the reformation of science . "	prisoners
The company commander was killed and most of his men were casualties , unbeknownst to Matt .	commander
Saint-Pryvé-Saint-Mesmin is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France .	commune
In 2007 the European Commission announced that for the cases where metric units were required , it had extended the option to also use imperial units indefinitely .	option
In December 2006 a Let L-410 UVP-E20 was delivered to Take Air and by March 2007 had logged well over 300 flight hours .	delivered
Edward Thomas Stevens , the village priest .	priest
The stress of this moral conflict within Olivia is taking a toll on her pregnancy and on her relationship with her son , Rafe .	conflict
It occurs in warm weather .	weather
Due to its distinctive architecture , the school is included in the National Register of Historic Places .	architecture
The older children plan to escape , sneaking into the house to steal money and valuables from their mother 's room .	escape
It also peaked at No .	peaked
Capturx products are produced by Adapx , Inc . , a natural user interface software company .	user
it may with pride be said / A boy in England born , in England bred " to contrast to George II 's German birthplace .	contrast
According to the 2016 American Community Survey , There are a total of 42,193,781 foreign born persons in the United States .	persons
In the vicinity of Bangkok one can find several floating markets such as the one in Damnoen Saduak .	markets
The purported gruiforms kagu and sunbittern ( and possibly the extinct adzebills too ) might also be not-too-distant relatives .	possibly
Dharasu Power Station , the second stage , was halted in 1990 due to funding issues and was not restarted until 2002 .	funding
On the other hand , for a visa category with a country of chargeability where the current cutoff date is far in the past ( i.e .	category
In 1773 , more settlers from Connecticut erected a new town which they named Westmoreland .	erected
J. G. Thirlwell 's " The Not-So-Beautiful People " is a straight industrial reworking of the track , with rhythmic vocal samples and churning , filtered synthesizers .	straight
A minor trend of cross acculturation of Chabad Hasidism and Hipster subculture appeared within the New York Jewish community , beginning in the late 2000s .	cross
A spokesperson for Lopez said that the film is one of Lopez 's favorite movies , and that clip was nothing but a tribute to it .	nothing
The music department also hold a concert each term showing the parents what students have been working on in the wide range of rehearsals and ensembles .	showing
In 1924 , he was elected for the party to Ballingry Parish Council , holding the seat for five years .	holding
Joe won the encounter by submission after performing his signature Muscle Buster maneuver and followed by placing Dutt in his Coquina Clutch submission hold .	performing
Beside these specific points of criticism there is a general methodological problem defining the concept of " culture " .	criticism
Sidiailles is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
Everett warned Rome not to do so again , implying that physical confrontation would ensue otherwise .	otherwise
When Wesley nods , Angel simply says " good " then suddenly grabs a pillow and tries to smother Wesley with it .	tries
As a seaman , he did North Atlantic tanker duty for the United States Merchant Marine .	duty
With more travelling by both sets of drivers , both divisions gained car numbers .	divisions
A fourth piece symbolized both Fein and Scheuber again .	piece
If there was a riding surrounding the wapentake , the wapentake would merely be a local assembly coordinating the power of the riding .	assembly
Oskolkov-Tsentsiper brought together a team of young journalists , designers and photographers to create a unique Afisha style which had a major impact on Russian media .	impact
He became most popular as a weekend performer at The Imperial Crown pub , performing every Friday , Saturday and Sunday nights .	performing
Generally , the speed range for very high-speed rail is between and .	rail
Besides the main characteristics of Barlavento Creoles the Sal Creole has also the following ones :	ones
In 1851 , the Trainer Mill was destroyed by fire , but by 1852 it was replaced by a new 3 1 / 2 story mill .	mill
The building was declared a colonial monument in 1931 .	colonial
On 2004-10-11 , the station changed its call sign to the current WQXM .	sign
FEMA declared the community " wiped out " in the aftermath of the hurricane 's devastating impact .	impact
" : " His only literary work outside of his newspaper was the preparation of M. J. Kelly 's book , ' Play Ball . ' "	literary
" Suwarn Rekha " River flow south eastern part of district .	flow
Vaux died 8 September 1661 , aged 74 .	aged
Cold Around the Heart is a 1997 American crime film written and directed by John Ridley .	crime
The colour is destroyed by cooking .	colour
SR 241 travels around the eastern outskirts of Sunnyside , passing several food processing plants and the Sunnyside Municipal Airport , before leaving the city .	passing
The closing ceremony was held at Wunna Theikdi Stadium on 22 December 2013 .	ceremony
Until the end of the 18th century , Szczawnica was part of the Czorsztyn district .	18th
There are several types of linear equating that differ in the assumptions and mathematics used to estimate parameters .	mathematics
They were set in a fictional land of Rockall based upon the small real island of the same name northwest of Scotland and Ireland .	northwest
Its music video premiered on April 6 , 2015 along with the announcement of the album .	premiered
Rwanda competed in the Commonwealth Games for the first time at the 2010 Games in Delhi , India , after joining the Commonwealth the year before .	joining
There is broad consensus that when a person donates a specimen for research then that person has a right to privacy thereafter .	broad
Thus , by the late 1920s all the countries that had signed the Washington Treaty were building new heavy cruiser classes .	1920s
Authorities delayed clearing the two protest camps as internal and external reconciliation process was established to resolve the crisis peacefully .	internal
The company is controlled by Dr Lee Shau Kee , who speaks for approximately 70.17 % of the share capital as at June 2015 .	controlled
Several other species of mammal , such as the brown bear , wolf and beaver may have once been present in Mann .	brown
His company mined , forged , and rolled iron for use in Britain and overseas .	iron
Eagle then had another revamp and a new plot line was introduced .	plot
Highway 48 goes just south of the downtown .	downtown
Joyce put on an impressive display in a hard earned victory .	display
It was while Optimus Prime was still in military academy that he first heard about Megatron .	heard
In qualification , each athlete jumped three times ( stopping early if they made the qualifying distance ) .	qualifying
He attended Trinity College , Dublin to study politics , graduating with a B.A .	graduating
The 2008 – 09 season was a frustrating one for Taylor as he played only 20 league games due to several injuries .	injuries
" Long ago he taught men how to build their houses and dams , and to save up food and water for a dry time .	save
By 26 January 2007 , all stores were closed .	stores
It lies about 6 km north of Bussum and 2 km west of Naarden , adjacent to the Naarderbos .	adjacent
At its abolition , its functions were absorbed into the Department of the Interior .	functions
It has an average elevation of 956 metres ( 3136 feet ) .	elevation
He won the race by three lengths “ in a canter ” carrying 140 pounds , conceding 46 pounds to the runner-up .	carrying
Flint Hills has chemical plants in Illinois , Texas and Michigan .	chemical
" U. paniculata " is adversely affected by urban encroachment .	affected
The main goal was declared as reduction on-road CO emission on new vehicles .	vehicles
In exchange Vladislav Hercegović was promoted a Hungarian banner lord and reassured the estates of Stjepan .	exchange
Currently EXPERT remains in storage conditions in Turin .	storage
From the beginning , Ásatrúarfélagið has not had any fixed religious dogma or theology .	fixed
There are only two small residential areas .	residential
The Barman noted that McKeering " has slotted in a treat on guitar , mining the same stylistic ground but retaining his own sound " .	mining
There he finds his foster mother , Mrs. Lane in the act of placing flowers on his own mother 's grave .	flowers
He has also acted in numerous television series .	acted
Dominant tree species in the Colorado Rocky Mountains subalpine forests include Engelmann spruce and subalpine fir , as well as lodgepole pine and the occasional Douglas-fir .	forests
He also took up his appointment as professor of Philosophy and Danish Antiquities at the university , which had been awarded in 1701 .	appointment
It carried 85,000 passengers in 2011 .	passengers
The appearance of ponderosa pine woodlands varies from scattered individuals in low-elevation or rocky areas to dense forests at higher elevations or on deeper soils .	forests
Some twenty years after the miracle , Godric joined the Abbey of Evesham , presumably in retirement , and his son later became Prior there .	twenty
The forewings are pale greyish ochreous , slightly greyer tinged along the costa towards the apex .	slightly
As Range sings the bridge , she is leaning on a wall in the warehouse while more people begin dancing .	begin
This practice is done in belief that the deceased is performing austerity for the unfolding of Dharma Yukam .	performing
In winter , keep it dry and the temperature may be as low as , but it is better to keep it without frost .	temperature
In 1997 , he became the 9th ever Swedish tennis player to finish in ATP top 10 at no .	tennis
The country acquired four missile boats in 2011 .	boats
WIPC ( 1280 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format .	broadcasting
It contained general political , social and religious news , and news of local interest such as eisteddfod events .	contained
This represents a population growth rate of -2.8 % .	represents
The unit commander reported casualties , and Shunari ordered the remainder of his battalion to aid the pinned-down men .	commander
The pathogen will penetrate the host , and colonize plant root tissue causing root rot .	causing
She comes out of the television and starts kissing Mitch .	starts
Everything on Arcadia has its specified place and everything functions as intended .	functions
Metromover headways vary from about two to five minutes depending on loop and overlap .	depending
The " Louisville Eccentric Observer " ( LEO ) , a popular alternative newspaper , was founded in 1990 .	alternative
For example , North America 's largest herds of moose is in the Alberta-British Columbia foothills forests .	forests
The Rail Inspectorate protested , also to the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications , and got support there , without this changing the actual departure procedures .	actual
Devastated , Rich turns to his womanizing half-brother Wes ( Corey Feldman ) for comfort , who encourages him to do everything to get Megan back .	turns
His Air Force career should have finished then and there , as he was slated for demobilisation along with thousands of other wartime enlistees .	thousands
the physician may make application in the prescribed form for a psychiatric assessment of the person .	application
" Moin " is used at all times of day , not just in the morning ( see Etymology and usage section below ) .	morning
Among the short-term occupants of this period was the Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia , an exile from his country after the invasion by Italy in 1936 .	invasion
Swami Nischayananda began to use several Ayurvedic medicines thereafter and he had special knowledge about Ayurveda .	knowledge
The following is a table showing the description and geographical distribution of all the currently accepted subspecies of " Anolis marmoratus " .	showing
Additionally , a stand-alone facility devoted to ceramics was completed in 2011 and is located adjacent to the main building on east campus .	adjacent
In 1990 , Copley Square Plaza was designated a superfund site after tetrachloroethylene and other contaminates from a dry cleaners were found in the soil .	soil
Castonguay is a long-serving advocate of greater privatization , user fees and private insurance .	user
The king says he has been told King Godmund is a dangerous sorcerer , and orders the horns kept and used .	orders
It relocated to its present campus on Lexington Road in 1926 .	relocated
It is a legally registered co-operative and is branded as Co-op Radio .	registered
QS describes itself as a sovereigntist , green , alter-globalizationist , and feminist party .	describes
The narrow-nosed Planigale are generalist insectivores , able to thrive and with a diet that reflects the available prey of their environment .	environment
Emergency services had recovered 76 bodies from the site .	bodies
The coroner later ruled that her death was a result of a deterioration of the heart muscle , probably caused by a virus .	ruled
Walter Islay Hamilton Campbell ( 14 October 1886 – 11 July 1967 ) was an Irish field hockey player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .	hockey
In 2014 , 77 countries had already met the MDG sanitation target , 29 were on track and , 79 were not on-track .	target
This law strengthened Delaware 's position as a safe haven for corporate charters during an especially turbulent time filled with hostile takeovers .	filled
They are originally part of the Wind SWAT team , in which they are treated like a tool by their older brother , Kaito .	treated
" Wesson " shifted to the inactive fleet berthing area at Green Cove Springs , Florida , to prepare for eventual inactivation .	fleet
He married Elena Barbarigo and the couple had 14 children , which resulted in the need for Priuli to become heavily indebted .	heavily
Throughout training camp , he competed against A. J. Bouye for the job as the third cornerback on the depth chart .	depth
The primary focus of Williams 's work has been gender inequality in the workplace and the lack of women in leadership positions .	gender
Its companion , σ Cassiopeiae B , is a B5 main sequence dwarf with an apparent magnitude of + 7.1 .	sequence
That same year , he traveled to Germany as a volunteer with the Hendrik Kraemer Haus , helping refugees .	traveled
The paratrooper companies spread out , but repeatedly failed to reach the defenses .	spread
It is located across from the Institute for Social Research and is in immediate walking distance from downtown Ann Arbor and Central Campus .	downtown
It is currently the home of the 14th Earl of Haddington , and is a historical monument of Scotland .	14th
Most of its businesses never recovered .	businesses
The scheme is designed around a platform that extends across the site all the way to the mountain , which borders the site to the west .	scheme
Between 1995 and 1998 Banovci were part of the temporary United Nations governed protectorate aimed at its peaceful reintegration under the rule of the Republic of Croatia .	temporary
Atop the stem is a large , rounded bud which opens into a spherical cluster of flowers .	flowers
The book won the John C. Laurence Award for writing that improves relations between races .	relations
The game relies on an interesting combat system where you must direct fourteen party members to different switches , almost like a planar version of Lemmings .	combat
Scarlet 's Walk is the seventh studio album released by Tori Amos .	seventh
This is a list of Spanish words of Italian origin .	origin
It was located at the corner of Brooklyn Avenue and E. 22nd Street .	corner
At the beginning , Quilmes ' headquarters were located on 25 de Mayo streets .	streets
During its first 50 years of existence , the Washington Sängerbund ( www.saengerbund.org ) grew to be recognized as the stellar	existence
This caused the Clemson band to start playing " Tiger Rag , " which was followed by the pranksters falling down as they attempted to do calisthenics .	attempted
and still look like one is wearing a skirt .	look
It said : “ One Man traded 2 legs for the freedom of the other to trade 2 balls for 2 boobs .	freedom
The detector can be used as an automated shot correction sensor for close arms support .	arms
This system does not work yet but the implementation is scheduled for 1 January 2019 .	scheduled
" U-156 " got away and headed north , where it continued to attack other Allied ships .	headed
They also won gold medals at Skate America , NHK Trophy , Nations Cup , and Winter Universiade .	medals
Claude Quétel ( born Bernières-sur-Mer , 1939 ) is a French historian .	historian
In November 2006 , MNM reunited for a brief period , before Mercury was released from his contract in March 2007 .	brief
As of the census of 2000 , there were 4,082 people , 2,097 households , and 1,052 families residing in the CDP .	residing
Buyers specify the number of shares , typically in denominations of $ 25,000 ,	shares
Anti-NDAA legislation has passed the full senate in Indiana by a vote of 31 – 17 .	legislation
Unable to kill Cris , the terrorists kidnap Liz instead .	kill
Held during the first part of August , it is contested over a distance of 7 furlongs on Polytrack synthetic dirt .	contested
Angre employed Europeans , generally Dutch , to command his best vessels .	vessels
The district is new ; having been created by act of parliament in 2010 .	parliament
Consuming rancid food products is unlikely to cause immediate illness or harm , although rancidification can reduce the nutritional value of food by degradation of nutrients .	reduce
Sivil shows up and drives the Protodeviln away , but her powers are drained , and she crashes into Battle 7 .	powers
It has a population of 205,000 inhabitants according to the 2012 pre census .	inhabitants
The lowest section is a rectangular column with an early hieroglyphic text on both faces and a richly dressed Early Maya figure on the front .	column
Palamas was well-educated in Greek philosophy .	philosophy
Many areas of the Rocky Mountains , notably Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks , have significant populations of pronghorn .	notably
Using of land purchased from the Ranson family , a planned community was laid out by D.G .	laid
The approach is most often applied to American policies .	policies
This was painted around 1610 and has a long association with Shakespeare .	painted
The palm has a height of fifteen metres , and is waterproof .	height
Some people had even built their houses out of mine waste .	mine
This latter expression in turn reminds of a verse ( " Teucer " , fr .	expression
Most who service the tourist trade are registered residents elsewhere in Thailand .	registered
He translated , among other traditional texts , the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali and the Bhagavad Gita .	translated
Assault and capture of Fort Hindman , Arkansas Post , January 10 – 11 .	capture
Renters occupied 28.9 % of the housing stock , and house- or apartment-owners held 71.1 % .	stock
In August 2003 , he underwent Tommy John surgery on his right elbow and missed the rest of the season .	surgery
It must be told that in Budapest academy there is a violin pedagogy class since the year of its foundation in 1875 .	foundation
Bailey later arranges a meeting and suggests Gem talks to the police .	suggests
In 2011 , the first section of the Ayb educational complex was opened .	educational
In 2010 , Schilens had another injury-plagued campaign , playing in only five games and catching five passes total .	passes
Svetlanka threatens to reveal a secret of Liljana 's and she later announces that Liljana had been pregnant when she met David .	secret
High season for tourism peaks in January and hits its low in June .	hits
He opined that it was necessary to study history to completely understand nationalism , socialism and democracy .	necessary
As of 2007 , he has relocated to South Florida .	relocated
The artificial pancreas system being studied uses a smartphone and has a low glucose feature to improve glucose level control .	improve
Tussive fremitus is a vibration felt on the chest when the patient coughs .	felt
In general , these studies are superior to the monographs in organization , accuracy , and coverage . "	coverage
By 1900 , the Northside " Produce Market " supplied fresh fruit and vegetables from farmers in Cicero and North Syracuse to local residents .	fruit
Two dwarfs , Fjalarr and Galarr , invited Gillingr and his wife to pay them a visit .	invited
The squadron reformed again as 700W NAS in May 2009 at Yeovilton as the Lynx Wildcat Fielding Squadron .	squadron
Production grew and tea became increasingly accessible , though still a privilege enjoyed mostly by the upper classes .	increasingly
Local corps usually sing contemporary worship music songs in Sunday worship services , as well as traditional hymns and music accompanied by the brass band .	accompanied
About a quarter of Eritrean soldiers were women .	quarter
For these , anyone who is not a Christian will go to hell , but ultimately everyone will become a Christian and therefore be saved .	ultimately
Her marriage falls apart when she discovers that Richard is addicted to online pornography .	falls
Charlie Jane Anders of " io9 " itemized the episode in a list of fictional depictions of virtual reality .	reality
The last epigraphical record mentioning the unit dates around 268 .	dates
Every selection of the " Yes !	selection
However , the Rebels prevailed to win 9-6 to claim their 2nd J .	claim
In 2011 , the athletic complex was expanded to provide facilities for football and soccer games to be played on campus .	soccer
Mercantilist policies were also embraced throughout much of the Tudor and Stuart periods , with Robert Walpole being another major proponent .	policies
The Guil forms the southern border as it flows south-west to join the Durance at Réotier .	flows
The park was created in a derelict area around ruins of the former village of Schmar on the banks of the river Warnow .	banks
In the 2011 presidential election , the PND 's candidate was José Manuel Coelho .	presidential
Muncy combined Romanesque , Byzantine , and Italianate elements of architecture to give the building a distinctive Mediterranean appearance .	architecture
Oral traditions tell of this region being ruled by great neighboring empires like China and Iran in the distant past .	ruled
Their traditional houses , dresses , beliefs and rituals are part of the cultural heritage of Laos .	heritage
They won promotion to Division 1 in 2008 and earned a place in the Premier Division a year later following a playoff victory against Columba Rovers .	promotion
Intense lobbying by IAMS parents paid off in 1983 , when the school won its own site , in a temporary building in Lakeview .	temporary
The station went on the air as WKZJ on 1989-05-01. on 1990-03-01 , the station changed its call sign to the current WIPC .	sign
This cam operates a set of contacts when the wiper is at home position , which is at the beginning of the span of rotation .	operates
This was the only battle of the war in which an Indian unit attacked the Chinese , rather than defending .	defending
The General Governor of Turkestan erected here his military fortress in 1865 .	erected
The state police suspected suicide , although no official cause was released ( as of July 26 , 2005 ) .	suicide
BAe Systems also operate large office facilities at the Portway area within the city and at The Strand office complex .	operate
They have been seen nesting near snowy owl nests , which is likely a solution to predation .	solution
The high percentage of J-stock bycatch presents a significant threat including the possibility of extinction within a few decades according to IWC population estimates .	decades
Thor destroyed his vessel with a bolt of lightning .	vessel
The Barra Velodrome , however , was not approved by the International Cycling Union as an appropriate venue for track cycling events at the Olympics .	venue
He apprenticed with the prestigious architectural firm Carrere and Hastings .	architectural
He is from among the learned " Ulama " of the village .	learned
The wings have pale yellowish-brown spots , while the ears have white spots .	wings
Between 1952 and 1988 , the script went through four reforms .	script
It is also known by the alternative title Tintorera : Killer Shark .	alternative
It is entirely composed by Ameer Abdel Mageed .	entirely
From September 22 – 23 , 2001 , Lopez performed a set of two concerts in Puerto Rico , entitled Let 's Get Loud .	concerts
Shortly after completion of the recording , Vocalist Ray Gillen died of Aids complications on 12-1-1993 and the group Sun Red Sun split up .	completion
Newman just arrives in time to stop the killer who really proves to be Simmons alias Kincaid .	really
The recipients were awarded a silver-coated metal medal , 20 millimeter in diameter , with the inscription " Kunstpreis " .	diameter
The clock tower is also located within the central section , positioned to the southern side of the central entrance .	entrance
In 1841 , Schofield bought three blocks of land along the Windsor Road .	blocks
The CUA team made their way to El Paso where a welcoming committee of several hundred government and civic leaders met the train .	hundred
The following year he was promoted from deputy auditor to auditor .	deputy
His agent informed him that the Seattle Seahawks were interested , and after a workout the team signed him on August 3 .	interested
One bunker system discovered 4 km meters due north of Con Thien spanned more than 1 km and included 242 well-constructed bunkers .	meters
He died in Kent on 15 October 1905 , aged 86 .	aged
The British music press later labelled the music ambient house .	press
There , the song achieved 15th place out of 26 finalists .	15th
Pope later commented , " [ Poole ] can honestly lay claim to being the only featured female in any Cure video , ever . "	claim
It will be a serious loss to them to be deprived of her professional services in the most difficult cases for X-ray examination and radiography . "	serious
Despite this , Thomas excelled at other sports , such as basketball , baseball , and soccer .	soccer
During this era the Court also established that the Fourteenth Amendment protected the " liberty of contract . "	protected
A few games into the season , White had a dispute with the team regarding the inconsistency of the way mental health was being dealt with .	regarding
William Newman , Director of the ACLU in western Massachusetts , said , " We have a country based on laws and process and fairness .	laws
Le drapeau belge ( " The Belgian Flag " ) is a recitation with orchestral accompaniment written by the English composer Edward Elgar as his Op .	composer
In 1978 , Jimmy Johnstone , a European Cup winner with Celtic in 1967 signed briefly for the club .	briefly
Both sexes participate in the incubation , but the female does the majority of incubating during the day and all of it at night .	participate
Intrinsic curvature is defined by the ratio of the diameter of the head group to that of the tail group .	diameter
It is sometimes shown with the name the council written beneath it or written in a ring around the Osprey pictogram .	ring
One distinctive feature of the circus was that it combined traditional circus acts with theatrical performances .	acts
McPhillips is an opponent of abortion on demand .	demand
A street in the Des Châtels quarter of Quebec City was named after him in 1985 .	quarter
For 1978 , Martínez went 16 – 11 with a 3.52 ERA while appearing in 40 games , having 15 complete games in 276.1 innings of work .	appearing
Cordelia goes out with her friends Serena and Emily , for an evening with the man Cordelia has been seeing , famous photographer , Wilson Christopher .	evening
It ruled that the Cherokee Nation had sovereign status and appropriately would deal only with the US government .	ruled
Locals use it for fishing and it is a favorite picnic site .	fishing
These seminars were led by Gerhard Kaminski and his departmental colleagues as well as the architect Klaus Brendle .	architect
Key to the bounce rooski is that everyone on the offensive team has to pretend that it is an incomplete pass .	offensive
For interfering with weapons inspectors and for disobeying Security Council resolutions . "	weapons
These four clubs competed also in bandy , ice hockey and handball .	hockey
On 20 September , the Central Committee called for " anti-Communist resistance " and " counterrevolutionaries " to be exterminated .	resistance
The 2014 season saw Shelbourne finish second in the First Division , the club thus advanced to a promotion playoff against Galway United .	promotion
He has the following exhibitions to his credit :	credit
She works at a tattoo shop in Austin , Texas , and as a sideshow performer for the 999 Eyes Freakshow .	shop
Niklaus Troxler ( born May 1 , 1947 ) is a Swiss graphic designer .	designer
It served as the western terminus of the line , until 2018 with the opening of the extension to Rasskazovka .	extension
In 1702 , he abducted a merchant vessel from Calicut with six English sailors and took it to his harbor .	vessel
Nearby at Allanton Beg a Roman fort was built .	fort
In his own home town of Bay City , he was considered something of a small-town eccentric .	something
Guerrero and her teammates made history earning 11 gold medals out of 15 in dispute .	medals
These graphs have applications in phylogeny , the problem of reconstructing evolutionary trees .	applications
Quinoline Yellow SS is used in some yellow colored smoke formulations .	yellow
The dispute saw 10,000 workers on strike and a mutiny by the police , who refused to disperse the striker 's pickets .	strike
As compared to the other hospitals of the city , the KIHD will be charging considerably less for the facilities provided and the tests carried out there .	tests
They happen across a statue of whom they believe to be Yancy , with the seven-leaf clover in his lapel .	believe
However , it is important to note that Full COLD-PCR is essential for amplification of all possible mutations in the starting mixture of DNA .	note
From 1979-1990 he worked as a lawyer .	lawyer
She accompanied Sadashivrao bhau during the battle of Panipat .	accompanied
Jurado was then chosen for the role despite the resistance of the studio because of her youth .	resistance
She studied composition at the State Academy of Music with Parashkev Hadjiev and Vesselin Stoyanov .	composition
It is also used by Northampton Swimming Club for training and for hosting open meets .	meets
From then on , Sullivan 's reputation in Boston was tarnished .	reputation
She revealed the manuscript to Frederick Denison Maurice who objected to its controversial ideas and this resulted in her losing her job as librarian at Queens College .	ideas
The 2014 – 15 Ukrainian Premier League Reserves and Under 19 season are competitions between the reserves of Ukrainian Premier League Clubs and the Under 19s .	competitions
Earnest was Founding Artistic Director of New York City ’ s deep ellum ensemble .	deep
Brumbaugh also served as a consultant for Electric Power Research Institute ( EPRI ) in Palo Alto , California a chief research industry leader in electric power worldwide	electric
The announcement of Warped Tour 2017 included the Riverboat Gamblers to appear on two dates in July 2017 on the Skullcandy Stage .	dates
As it is common and not threatened , it is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List .	threatened
Åtvidaberg became early forerunners with their strategy to scout players nationally instead of just locally .	strategy
He then collated all his army and had another fight that led him close to capture of Madras within a distance of 5 miles .	capture
More recently , they have been creating the theme songs to anime series .	creating
In November 2014 , RacoWireless was acquired by a private equity backed , competing M2M MVNO KORE Wireless Group .	competing
Annual precipitation in those areas varies from , depending on location .	depending
Internet access was restored .	restored
As a result , on 3 January 2007 , Music Zone went into administration , with thirty one stores across the United Kingdom closing two weeks later .	stores
For five years , the pilot ability lab served as a key validation tool that shaped the vision and design for the new facility .	pilot
At the same time , the 1891 Constitution did little to ameliorate the difficult process of calling a constitutional convention .	calling
An avenue and a cenotaph were built in the city of Armenia in his honor .	honor
Inside , they find an artificial forest filled with many other Kinds of bats .	filled
Soviets sprang up throughout the industrial centers of Russia , usually organized at the factory level .	factory
in mathematics from National Taiwan University ( NTU ) in 1972 and served in the military , fulfilling his compulsory service .	mathematics
The per capita income for the city was $ 14,122 .	capita
This supplement details humorous magical inventions for the " D & D " game .	details
It is a result of translation and revision work by their editorial section from 1974 to 2003 .	translation
Qualification rule : The top five finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next two fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the final .	heat
The college has made links and collaborations with a number of institutions .	institutions
The house was formerly the headquarters of Securicor , and in 1981 presents for the royal wedding of Charles and Diana were stored there .	royal
A native of Tomislavgrad , after playing for the local club , Špikić joined the ranks of NK Široki Brijeg in 2009 , aged 15 .	aged
Ken Shamrock walked out on the group when he showed more loyalty to his sister Ryan , who was also being threatened by The Undertaker .	threatened
This was confirmed by Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor in 1528 with his purchase of Dürer 's book " Of human proportions " .	purchase
The piers replaced a hodgepodge of run-down waterfront structures with a row of grand buildings embellished with pink granite facades .	structures
On 20 April 1974 , Cohen was part of the White XI that played their black counterparts in a racially charged match at Rand Stadium .	charged
Lucas Secondary School has raised a total of $ 1,001,000 for the nationwide event and is the first school in Canada to achieve that goal .	achieve
The Athletic Union is the body that supports all sporting activity at Cardiff University Students ' Union .	supports
Trade journal " Accountancy Age " described her as " the country 's most high profile accountant " .	journal
Arambatzis ' friends Van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers were supposedly involved in the incident .	incident
The Solomons were not again visited by outsiders until 1767 , when Philip Carteret sighted Santa Cruz and Malaita islands .	islands
One independent candidate , Arthur C. Townley , also filed before the deadline .	filed
But young Espadero 's talent proved too strong .	proved
Russell continued to serve as a Methodist minister after entering politics ; he was also elected to the Liberian Senate .	entering
Gezer was located on the northern fringe of the Shephelah region , approximately thirty kilometres northwest of Jerusalem .	northwest
Originally it would have been substantially higher , and would have been created from spoil dug from a circular quarry trench deep .	deep
Another theory suggests the city 's name may derive from the word " Lohar " , meaning " blacksmith . "	suggests
The catalytic subunit of PP1 forms an α / β fold with a central β-sandwich arranged between two α-helical domains .	arranged
The passengers included soldiers and members of their families .	passengers
As a result of intense discussion , experts choose recipients for the subsequent year from a large number of applicants .	subsequent
Gulf says that Dampit 's current suffering is the price he must pay for a lifetime of usury and cheating .	price
Ravi Varma and his uncle Krishna Varma aimed to restore independence and greatness to their kingdom .	independence
Alberto Luigi Sangiovanni-Vincentelli ( born June 23 , 1947 ) is an academic researcher , teacher , entrepreneur , technical advisor and business man .	technical
Atefeh 's father had passed her birth certificate to the civil authorities , lawyers involved , journalists and Judge Rezai .	authorities
They talk and Darla reveals that she is terminally ill and only has a few months left to live .	talk
As of October 2017 , there were 6.3 million users .	users
The Creuse River flows through the middle of the village .	flows
At his cottage , Bertie is accosted by Cook and Plank , who believe that Vanessa wants to marry Bertie .	believe
Porter planned to build a freeway , commonly referred to as the Clark Freeway , through the Shaker Lakes , a park that preserved a historic site .	preserved
In terms of grooming , the French Bulldog requires regular nail trimming , brushing , occasional bathing , and ear cleaning .	requires
During a repair period at Portsmouth , New Hampshire , she participated in the search for the captured steamer-turned-raider " Chesapeake " from 13 – 23 December .	search
Trying to rebound from back-to-back divisional losses , the Bengals flew to Lucas Oil Stadium for a Week 14 duel with the Indianapolis Colts .	losses
octopus is a software package for performing Kohn – Sham density functional theory ( DFT ) and time-dependent density functional theory ( TDDFT ) calculations .	performing
Later , under the repealed legislation , late in the following century , a revival took place by importing Spanish wool into Ireland .	legislation
Crop damage in Brazoria County also reached hundreds of thousands of dollars .	thousands
In March 1945 , the battery was modified for the last time : five 20mm were added and four 40mm removed .	modified
He was ill with an eye disorder at the time that Guanqiu Jian and Wen Qin 's rebellion started , and had just had an eye surgery .	surgery
It published the series from July 8 , 2003 , to December 9 , 2003 ; the translation has since gone out of print .	translation
Militants equipped with whistles and pepper to cover the sound of the fascist meeting and to blind policemen and the Union national security staff .	equipped
The ARMIR advanced toward the right bank of the Don River which was reached by July 1942 .	toward
She highlighted the dual values applied that blamed women who were adulterers whereas men 's involvement was forgiven .	values
Wailer is credited for giving Snoop the name " Lion " .	credited
He accompanied William Jennings Bryan on his whistle stop tour through New Jersey , pausing in Washington on September 23 , 1896 .	accompanied
The candidate was to be ratified by registered voters in a national plebiscite .	registered
There is only one school named the Raghunath Dev School for basic , primary , secondary and high school education .	basic
Adults widen their diet slightly to include " Palmaria palmata " .	slightly
Rwanda has a common monitoring and evaluation system managed by Rwanda Biomedical Center-HIV Division where development partners can utilize reporting tools .	tools
Originally focused on direct-to-video releases , Codeblack entered into an agreement with 20th Century Fox for film distribution .	focused
Australia went on to dismiss New Zealand for 150 midway through the afternoon session ; Dean Brownlie ( 42 ) was the top scorer .	session
Carla and Steph are later relieved to hear that both Jamie and Lee have been imprisoned for the break in and attack on Carla .	break
Xue tried to persuade Wang Lin otherwise , but Wang Lin refused to decide .	otherwise
" Every time you look into the future , it changes . "	look
In total the camp is in session for 120 days a year .	session
Sunderland and Hutton were keen to make the move permanent , however they were unwilling to pay the fee that Spurs were demanding .	permanent
In 2002 a new solid state Harris Z10CD transmitter was installed at the newly created TX Australia facility , located under the TVQ Ten tower .	installed
The arms are far shorter and have a hook at their end .	arms
After the small town of Saint-Maurice , the north-eastern banks of the river belong to the canton of Vaud .	banks
In January 1963 , Evans was transferred to Air Staff Division , Canberra , where he helped formulate operational requirements for a new RAAF bomber .	requirements
The findings showed that over two-thirds of the more than 2,000 films studied portray Italian Americans in a negative light .	negative
On 2 February 2002 , a new 40 acres campus in Sungai Gadut opened its door to SDAR .	door
After Eppley sold it to the Sheraton corporation , the hotel eventually went to ruins , closing in the 1970s .	hotel
In addition to the two main offices , there is also the Tokai Promotion Federation located in the Sakae area of Naka Ward , Nagoya .	offices
Once enough text has been entered for the line , the operator depresses the " casting lever " mounted on the front right corner of the keyboard .	corner
About 1,500 people joined in the celebrations with important political and cultural actors from the country .	actors
The league had two divisions ( North and South ) as of January 1 , 2014 .	divisions
The Mehtar was the source of all power in the land , the final authority on civil , military and judicial matters .	authority
Another possible reason is that snapping is less disruptive than clapping during speeches and announcements . "	reason
The Developmental Smuggling Model ( DSM ) is explained in detail in two articles written by Terrance G. Lichtenwald , Ph.D. for the " Forensic Examiner " :	articles
Summers are warm but not as hot as areas further inland due to coastal influence .	coastal
They financed Corman 's next film as director , the science fiction story , " It Conquered the World " ( 1956 ) .	fiction
It was later certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) for selling 35,000 copies digital copies .	selling
by a security guard when approaching the community 's main gate .	guard
DFN has four programming areas : education , healthcare , economic development , and social justice advocacy .	programming
Amélie Mauresmo put together a consistent season , reaching No .	reaching
An eighth man , the half blind Michael Byrne , who had been fiddler aboard " Bounty " , had also come aboard by this time .	eighth
In Norse mythology , Syn ( Old Norse " refusal " ) is a goddess associated with defensive refusal .	defensive
Qeytarie is known for its many restaurants , including fast food , found along Qeytarieh Street .	fast
Began on June 30 , 1995 and phased out on July 5 , 1999 , the alleged campaign of suicide attacks included fourteen incidents .	suicide
In 2010 and 2012 it has also been reported a neuromuscular involvement in patients suffering from this syndrome .	patients
Most follow rudimentary elements of Hinduism , while some are Christians and yet others adhere to Buddhism .	follow
The chronological start of the show was Lisa Steele ’ s piece " Birthday Suit : Scars and Defects , " produced in 1974 .	piece
RCP Design Global or RCP is an independent design agency based in Tours and Paris ( France ) founded by Régine Charvet-Pello in .	agency
As of 2011 , production of the Town Car has been cancelled , with the MKT crossover intended as its replacement for livery fleets .	replacement
Defence is the responsibility of New Zealand .	responsibility
Another common depiction of death is a full skeletal body , typically clad with a scythe or the moon and sun in his hands .	hands
The church has a £ 9billion investment fund .	investment
When Fred becomes infected , Gunn turns to the angry and reclusive Wesley for help .	turns
Elite Dungeons have higher Stamina costs , but they yield higher level orbs and have their own separate clear and mastery rewards .	costs
By the late 1930s , his figural work had become very angular , stressing sharp lines and large volumes .	1930s
Parameter variables of the called function automatically shadow the caller 's variable environment .	environment
Manulife was originally levied a $ 1.5 million fine , which was subsequently reduced to $ 1.15 million .	fine
On 6 November 1964 the former Prime Minister , Sri Lal Bahadur Shastri initiated the Tuticorin Port-Trust work involving expenditure to the tune of 15 crores .	involving
The competition attracted 32,823 entries , including those originally sent to the " Review of Reviews " .	attracted
Bennet also edited " Health 's Improvement , or Rules for preparing all sorts of Food " by Thomas Muffett , London 1655 .	edited
Murphy Jr. introduced the plastic bag for blood collection in 1950 .	blood
The school employed 30 teachers , yielding a student-teacher ratio of 13 : 1 .	teachers
There are four stamens which are about the same length as or slightly longer than the tube .	slightly
FC Dnipro participates in European competitions since 1984 after playing its first against Trabzonspor .	competitions
Yayoi has recently become Agito 's tuner but she mostly acts as an observer during Kogarasumaru 's battles .	acts
I was influenced by the Group and began to paint larger and more boldly designed canvases " .	influenced
AICW , with its stacked round grenade launcher , did not require conventional mechanical loading .	require
DTT was introduced gradually starting in 2007 , and by the end of 2008 , full coverage had been reached .	coverage
Another option was an acetylene lamps for light .	option
On April 19 , 2018 , it was announced that Paramount Network had given the production a series order for a first season consisting of ten episodes .	consisting
German investigations have raised concerns about past connections between senior managers in the company , the East German government , and the Stasi .	concerns
At the time of the murder he had been working on board the ship MV " Coral Sea " , some eight miles away in Barry Docks .	murder
Researchers collected fecal samples of the Indian rhinoceros and were startled to find " B. nairi " eggs .	collected
GPATCH11 has a molecular weight of about 33.3 kdal and is 285 amino acids long .	weight
East of his house stands the Capt .	stands
The process was complicated and required intricate engraving to achieve the best results .	achieve
In 1956 , he became the first American pilot to become the World Soaring Champion .	pilot
The constituency elected 3 deputies ( Teachtaí Dála , commonly known as TDs ) .	constituency
Even though the landscape was very favorable , Víkar had already been abandoned by 1910 , because it was too difficult to reach .	abandoned
She loves her so and she does not understand any of his interests .	interests
In 132 , the ruins of Emmaus fortress were briefly reconstructed by Judean rebels under Simon Bar Kokhba and used as a hideout during the revolt .	briefly
Austropyrgus bungoniensis is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the Hydrobiidae family .	minute
As of the census of 2010 , there were 14,405 people , 5,541 households , and 4,006 families residing in the city .	residing
Today it would equal $ 1.2-1.6 billion .	equal
The radicals toppled provincial governments and established revolutionary committees .	provincial
The Yanghuang tribe then reacted by facing Chiyou in the Battle of Zhuolu , and emerged victorious .	tribe
Formerly , the peak was named Kopa Jaworzyńska or Kopa , and was grazed on , being part of the Królowa Tundra .	peak
Some guilds and temples may not co-exist , and some buildings require the presence of certain buildings before they are available for construction .	require
Sport fishing is another activity popular in the park .	fishing
On February 1 , 1906 the state of Pennsylvania purchased the former lands of the ironworks and village from the Logan Iron and Steel Company .	lands
By the latter half of the 19th century , these industries supported the inhabitants of two villages in Plunketts Creek Township .	inhabitants
Two subspecies have been described but others have been discovered although not as yet formally described .	formally
Featured were many of the great vaudeville and musical performers of the 1920s .	1920s
Also , he argued that Harrisburg was " cracked " between the fourth and eleventh districts to create Republican majorities in both places .	argued
Then Ratt leaves and Starlet slams the door in his face as he is about to deliver the famous line of the original film .	door
Records testify to women exercising authority through their families .	authority
In a scene inside Flanders ' kitchen , a note which reads " 1 COR 6 : 9-11 " can be seen .	note
After this incident , German team coach Joachim Löw said that he would never again select Kurányi for the national team .	incident
This marked the beginning of large-scale production at the mine and an important milestone in the history of the Norwegian industrial conglomerate Orkla .	mine
He then took command of the new Type VIIC boat .	boat
Chapter V in Volume II was written by Moses Hess and edited by Marx and Engels .	edited
The aspect ratio of the wings of one bat were calculated as 6.23 , similar to M. megalophylla .	wings
In 2006 , it was reported that voluntary testing and counseling was available at 226 sites .	testing
A thing was the governing assembly of an early Germanic society , made up of the free people of the community presided over by lawspeakers .	assembly
The Zoo de Doué ( formally Bioparc de Doué-la-Fontaine ) is a zoo that opened in 1961 in Doué-la-Fontaine , Maine-et-Loire , France .	formally
Boole was interested in parapsychology and the occult , and was a convinced spiritualist .	interested
He also appears frequently on the BBC talking about mathematics .	mathematics
The base is abandoned and has returned to jungle .	abandoned
Despite the title of this film , the Zero Woman franchise continued with a number of sequels .	franchise
Stormo , being heroic like Finn , sacrifices his life by engaging in eternal psychic combat with Goliad .	combat
Soon a small village sprang up around Greenwood Furnace to support the needs of the workers and the furnace .	needs
Its diameter rotor is supplied ready-made and constructed from bonded dural aluminum by the company 's subsidiary Sport USA LLC .	diameter
He had a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of Geneva in 1960 and also attended the Conservatoire de Genève in theater .	theater
On these trips everyone from the Grand Palace would attend religious ceremonies such as the Kathin festival at the end of the Buddhist Lent .	attend
SLA is defined as the area per unit dry mass of mature leaves , developed in the fullest natural light of the species .	mass
Angel sings " Everybody Have Fun Tonight " at the demon bar in order to get information about Darla from The Host but gets no answers .	gets
The chimney was round and displayed the two rings that were a trademark of a Sydney Stott mill .	mill
Under Prins , Levadia won two consecutive Meistriliiga titles in 2008 and 2009 and an Estonian Cup in 2010 .	consecutive
Priestley made a single first-class appearance for Northamptonshire against the touring Sri Lankans in 1981 .	first-class
At the end of 1943 year has increased the frequency of the bombing of Berlin .	frequency
In her youth , Klara falls in love with the silent son of an Irish family , Eamon O 'Sullivan .	falls
The renovations moved the handicap accessible ramps from ground level into the stands themselves .	stands
She introduced rigorous statistical methodology and survey techniques to a field which had been dominated by case studies .	techniques
Angela Aames 's first film role was as Little Bo Peep in the adult film " Fairy Tales " ( 1979 ) .	adult
This subfamily also contains the extinct genera " Xenothrix , Antillothrix " , " Paralouatta , Carlocebus , Lagonimico " , and possibly also " Tremacebus " .	possibly
Other gang members plot to blow up the engine during a night stop .	plot
According to the Anderson Valley Homeowners Association , the permanent population as of 2004 was 403 , with a seasonal population high of 986 .	permanent
Serine / threonine kinase ( STK ) expression is altered in many types of cancer .	expression
Ardre Church ( ) is a medieval Lutheran church at Ardre on the Swedish island of Gotland .	medieval
He was hired in the Norwegian Association of the Blind and Partially Sighted , running a local radio station in Trondheim .	hired
Joyce came back and hurt Hanks with right hands .	hands
The league is also known as the Betshop.gr Basket League for sponsorship reasons .	reasons
They operated a two-stamp mill and an aerial tramway .	mill
Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 9th or 10th century .	10th
" We were abandoned , " he said .	abandoned
From 12 June he was briefly replaced by Vice Admiral Petr Bezobrazov .	briefly
At the time that Ceylon gained independence , Colombo was one of the two districts located in the Western Province .	independence
Since 1964 , the Chandavaram Buddhist site has been excavated four times , and fifteen regular-sized and approximately one hundred small stupas have been discovered .	hundred
Hurley Medical Center is a teaching hospital serving Genesee , Lapeer , and Shiawassee counties in eastern Michigan since December 19 , 1908 .	counties
was able to determine an isomeric level decaying with a half-life of 31 s from the decay of Rf .	determine
Her mother and older brother , Childs Frick , received considerably less , which would cause ongoing tension and conflict for Helen in future years .	conflict
The complex includes several large hotels which were severely damaged during the Croatian War of Independence .	damaged
However , he came under intense scrutiny following criticism of his tactics as the team exited the World Cup at the first stage .	criticism
The destruction has been likened to clear-cutting in forests .	forests
Currently the largest in the UK is owned by Collett & Sons Transport of Halifax , the Scheuerle STB provides a 550 Tonne carrying capacity .	carrying
Richland Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
His 1931 Great Lakes 2T1E has been restored in 2011 and attends airshows .	restored
Popeye decided to use the creature 's supernatural knowledge to find his father .	knowledge
Various theories accounting for the differences have been proposed .	differences
Because of these factors , it was also seen that more religious people seem to be altruistic and more well behaved .	factors
Eventually Rome fielded an army of eight legions under the harsh but effective leadership of Marcus Licinius Crassus .	effective
He held the seat until 1935 , when he resigned to take up the post of Governor General of Canada .	resigned
The bay itself covers and has a catchment area 14 times larger , covering .	covering
Chris Hesketh was born in Wigan , Lancashire , England , and he died aged 72 .	aged
What does that mean , I asked her ?	mean
Because of the draft , workers were scarce in many industries and employers began to fill jobs with women , mainly in nontraditional positions .	draft
Martial 's chapel at the Papal palace in Avignon was used for deliberations during conclaves .	chapel
In 1998 , Dutta stood first in Khayal at All India University competition in Banaras .	stood
Janine has been well received by critics although some of her storylines have come under criticism .	criticism
He wrote for the underground paper " Il Popolo " during World War II .	underground
Dovigi attended Ryerson University in Toronto in 2000 , studying business management at the school .	studying
Their language is almost identical to that spoken in Afghanistan and Iran , and their cities have Persian names , e.g .	spoken
Burger likens doing so to Canute commanding the tides .	doing
" Love Don 't Cost a Thing " was included on the concerts ' set list .	concerts
The engine of the freight train , which did not suffer major damage , was rebuilt and continued in service until 2001 .	rebuilt
Saint Cecilia 's Hall is a concert hall in Manila , Philippines .	hall
Greville was married in 1910 to the publisher John Kenneth Curwen of Curwen Press and later to the composer and conductor Kurt Schindler .	composer
We feel like we 've finally solidified ourselves in the rock world , and wanted to take this one a little deeper into that direction .	feel
Cities can fall from ranking , as in the case of cities that have become less cosmopolitan and less internationally renowned in the current era .	ranking
However , the Roman efforts probably failed since there are silver plated copper denarii in existence .	existence
In 782 , with his losses mounting , his own officer Wang Wujun killed him and submitted to the imperial government .	losses
The group flew overseas missions , particularly to the Far East and Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War .	missions
It was the only club admitted to the first division after the first season in Belgian football , in 1896 .	admitted
The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying .	actions
Mentors are Clairton City teachers who meet with the students twice a month during school hours .	teachers
The movie was a critical and commercial failure .	failure
2 – Eligibility : The Institution is checked for overall compliance with the UNIQUe scheme	scheme
During Non-Stop debates that appear to have no clear contradictions , players can now use Lie Bullets to break the conversation with a False Counter .	break
Many later Marxists , in particular Karl Kautsky , criticized Bolshevik leaders for terrorism tactics .	criticized
" George Washington " immediately surfaced and searched for the other vessel .	vessel
This realization is underscored by David Crosby and Susan Webb joining Mitchell to sing the line .	joining
The site was developed into condominiums in the mid-90s and began selling in 2001 .	selling
William Everett Strange ( September 29 , 1930 – February 22 , 2012 ) was an American singer , songwriter , guitarist , and actor .	guitarist
In its original airing , this episode had a 4.9 rating / 9 share and was in 73rd place for the week .	rating
A member of the Democratic Progressive Party 's New Tide faction , Chiu began his political career as a secretary for Taichung County Magistrate Liao Yung-lai .	secretary
Mackenzie commented that his character is in bad shape when he is rushed to hospital .	shape
Occasionally , melamine-formaldehyde resin is added to gluten for non-food purposes , such as adhesives or fabric printing .	purposes
Sara also increasingly became a skeptic too .	increasingly
Manson has authored or co-authored more than 600 peer-reviewed publications in the medical literature .	publications
Legal problems resulting from Beyond 's bankruptcy meant it would be four years before Better than Ezra 's next studio album , " Before the Robots " .	meant
Extensive research was covered prior to the production stage of the series on the lives of British female prisoners .	prisoners
The main conclusions on global warming at that time were as follows :	global
For a change , Jacob is nervous because he doesn 't think he photographs well in stills .	think
It was released one page at a time on the online edition of the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten as of January 5 , 2007 .	page
During the Ottoman wars in Europe , he was able to capture the city of Beyşehir from the Ottomans .	capture
He has also been picked in Hull Kingston Rovers ' squad against Bradford Bulls on 20 June 2014 along with fellow youngster Sonny Esslemont .	squad
In January 2009 , UDON announced it had acquired the rights to produce " Final Fight " comic books .	comic
Upon the store 's closure at 5 : 30 p.m. , several people in the line began chanting " We want Dumb ! "	want
In 2010 he travelled with a camera crew to Sierra Leone , where he interviewed and photographed child-soldiers .	camera
In June 2013 national team coach Roger Reijners selected her in the 23 player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 in Sweden .	squad
The takeover bid was barred by regulatory authorities .	authorities
" Le Dauphiné libéré " is produced in 24 different editions covering events in eight French departments , mainly in the region Rhône-Alpes :	covering
A major emphasis on European pharmaceutical facilities was said by the BBC to suggest a fear of biological warfare or global pandemic .	global
On 27 December 1915 , the Australian government received a request for a troop of wireless signallers ( approximately 50 soldiers ) to be sent to Mesopotamia .	request
Merrienne ’ ’ and converted into a fruit carrier .	fruit
Today the arboretum contains about 600 labeled trees of many species , as well as a small valley with a pond .	valley
Members of the Board are elected to 4 year terms by the citizens of the school district .	citizens
They must also learn never to run away from predators as it attracts their attention .	learn
Descriptive linguistics has , however , a long and established tradition of transcription .	tradition
In 1880 Henry Parkes passed an education act under which government aid to denominational education ceased at the end of 1882 .	ceased
In 1937 , he fought national welterweight champions before large crowds in Australia and Germany .	champions
Chapman of Steuben County , New York completing it in the spring of 1842 , during which season he operated the mill under contract with the owner .	mill
De Guébriant and his main associate Rémy Goussault identified " corporatist " local agrarian organizations , which would become the departmental branches of the corporation .	branches
Sagavoll , Nordfjord , Borgund , and Høgtun are folk high schools .	folk
The " Washington Declaration " establishing the First Czechoslovak Republic abolished nobility , redistributed noble lands and provided for the separation of church and state .	lands
They use this ability to steal the crew 's spacesuits from the mouth of the Moon cave , where they had been left unguarded .	mouth
Attachments visible in pictures of the warhead may show antennas for controlling the missile 's trajectory by radio .	visible
The Twittys and their friends went to the Van der Sloot home with two Aruban policemen to look for Holloway .	look
It was the third Grand Slam tennis event of the year .	tennis
Sales declined from 742 in 1913 to 430 in 1922 .	declined
These two characters were often season and beginning of the second season , sometimes going on missions .	missions
On October 3 , 1959 , Usmynsky District was abolished and merged into Kunyinsky District .	merged
Later Macnaghten 's body was mutilated and dragged through the streets of Kabul .	streets
This term is used in America , however in Britain , this lesion would be termed a fibrous epulis containing bone .	containing
Kid Curry , of the station commented that the commercial failure of these songs are the fault of the record label .	failure
Ricoeur 's " Freud and Philosophy " ... is a ponderous tome , and it was the assigned reading for the first class I had with Poteat .	reading
In the 19th century , the rulers of Tunisia became aware of the ongoing efforts at political and social reform in the Ottoman capital .	reform
She devotes her energies to the children once she does reach sexual maturity .	sexual
However , they had a chance to qualify by going against the permanently seeded team Inorganic Net , led by the former Fang King , Falco .	chance
For some time Robert James Moon acted as editor-in-chief .	acted
Two new public plazas were added in Anglin 's Square and furnished with colorful " Addy " chairs , boat benches and bike racks shaped like fish .	boat
Although she blamed the women in her sons ' lives for a while , she also came to blame herself , for failing to educate them properly .	herself
Through his connection with Moth , Árni had some political influence , for which aspiring Icelanders gave him books and manuscripts .	connection
These auditions were filmed at SkyCity Theatre in Auckland from 26 November to 2 December 2014 and broadcast from 15 February .	filmed
Then , that cunning fish attacks the weakened victor and kills it easily .	easily
The subject of his photos is the human condition .	condition
He was educated in local schools , and studied law in the office of Fletcher Mathews , a distinguished member of the bar at that time .	distinguished
The Pennsylvania School Boards Association keeps statistics on salaries of public school district employees in Pennsylvania .	employees
In addition , the lakeshore features homes by noted Portland architects such as Richard Sundeleaf and Van Evera Bailey .	homes
While the game is free to play , there is a real money cash shop where Gems ( in Japanese : ) can be purchased .	shop
Levadia failed to defend their title , finishing the 2001 season in third place and in November 2001 , Bondarenko was replaced by Pasi Rautiainen .	finishing
The historic building hosts also a city history museum .	hosts
Australia won the toss and chose to bowl on a greenish pitch .	chose
The glue is made from the fruit of the wild persimmon tree .	fruit
Tal played the offlane role for Team Secret , joining them along with BigDaddy .	joining
The Congressional Research Service , citing the International Institute for Strategic Studies , reports a number of six patrol boats .	boats
Although these structures are of great interest , written references are rather scarce and they are not mentioned in ancient sources .	structures
According to the Hopin Academy website , Hopin Academy offers courses in writing , design , film , and entrepreneurial work .	courses
Native Americans have inhabited what is now Arizona for thousands of years .	thousands
The reaction to exposed breast as a symbol of liberation was two-sided .	reaction
It was also important to prominently display shoes so that the wearer would have easy access to them .	display
Only 3,138 were classed as prisoners of war ; the rest were civilians .	prisoners
Lomax attempted to charge the Federal line but a volley of canister shot drove back the assault .	attempted
Wallace underwent surgery at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , then received radiation therapy at the University of Kentucky .	surgery
Muddy Puddles also works closely with Farms for City Children supplying waterproof clothing for children who visit the 3 farms .	closely
George Crosfield was a wholesale grocer in Warrington who also had interests in a sugar-refining business in Liverpool .	interests
Several Boston clergymen and devout physicians formed a society that opposed vaccination in 1798 .	opposed
In 1958 , he was hired by St. Joseph ’ s College in Philadelphia .	hired
Slater , again , was voted All-Pro and to the Pro Bowl at the special teams position .	voted
At the time of the diagnosis , doctors told him the cancer had spread to his bladder and liver .	spread
The effects of Western Capitalism makes flexibility in gender and labor roles more difficult than the indigenous cultures traditional labor .	gender
The goaltending duty was platooned between Ray Emery and Martin Gerber at first .	duty
Other sources , notably William Smith , insist that his uncle Cleisthenes was the grandfather of Alcibiades .	notably
It has two pairs of underdrift millstones which are mounted on a hurst frame .	frame
Twelve rules were written for the club , mostly by F. E. Smith , and they were , and are still , read aloud at each dinner .	read
The storm water treatment facility is located in the basement of the park ’ s Pavilion .	storm
It was built around 1565 to replace the original Basilica of Saint Justus which had been destroyed in 1562 by the Huguenot captain François de Beaumont .	replace
The federal government of the day was not prepared to deal with a bank crisis during wartime .	prepared
Fintel is a municipality in the district of Rotenburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany and has about 3,000 inhabitants .	inhabitants
The Mayor is the presiding officer at the Council Meetings and is the official head of the city for all ceremonial occasions .	occasions
It is the distribution of a sum of formula _ 17 independent exponential variables with mean formula _ 18 each .	mean
Emosi Kauhenga ( born 27 April 1981 in Folaha , Tonga ) is a rugby union footballer .	rugby
Smallscale archerfish have a pointed snout and large eyes .	eyes
" Salix babylonica " is a medium- to large-sized deciduous tree , growing up to tall .	tall
Sanjaks of the Eyalet in the 17th century :	17th
Iannucci distanced himself from the pilot , saying : " It was terrible ... they took the idea and chucked out all the style .	pilot
The seas were heavy and the vessel was pounded against the rocks and leaking badly .	vessel
Jesus said , as he was dying on the cross , " Father forgive them for they know not what they do . "	cross
The Beast then goes after Lilah who tries first to shoot the creature and then negotiate , but he stabs her with one of his clawed fingers .	tries
She had just placed 25th in a " Heat " poll of the world 's most influential people , with lifetime earnings of £ 8 million .	influential
Garvaghy Road residents set up a peace camp along the road .	peace
Extensive detail of the preparation of such a cast is presented in the article from which these methods are presented .	methods
Thus the siege was broken off in September .	broken
In 2008 , a pulse oximeter that can measure hemoglobin levels in addition to oxygen saturation was introduced by Masimo .	measure
They qualified second and third behind championship leader Andretti .	qualified
In 2008 , one of the former linseed oil buildings was converted to a fieldhouse , and is used for community meetings and community usage .	meetings
Elements based in Akureyri formed the Tactical School , Winter Warfare Course which trained the 49th into a Mountain / Arctic division .	trained
The revenue-sharing was a major factor in stabilizing the AFL and guaranteeing the success of its small-market teams .	factor
Ferris follows , while the terrorists decide to kill him .	kill
A high cost of land will encourage smaller dimensions and the introduction of compact spaces .	introduction
The nickname " Fredzilla " is uttered for the first time when he refers to himself as such starting in " The Impatient Patient " .	refers
But that this is exactly what the advocates of the “ propositional nation ” do insist upon .	nation
He also returned one of Vick 's fumbles for a 90-yard touchdown .	touchdown
At the time of his death in 2003 , Chalker was the last surviving former Smallwood Cabinet member .	surviving
She aspired to find a creative role but recognized the difficulties she faced , as she later wrote :	faced
He later became sports director , appearing on the station 's 6 and 11 o 'clock newscasts .	appearing
The baler has become the predominant forage-handling machine in the United States . "	machine
Fertility rates are higher in slums than in urban areas .	rates
( died 1557 ) , was an Italian physician who rose to high favour at the court of Henry VIII .	rose
For birth defects , the seriousness of the event is usually not in dispute so much as the attribution of the event to the drug .	drug
On the western slopes of Vlašić Mountain , the Bila river flows through the villages of Bukovica and Mehurići .	flows
Coconut is used for its juice , to make other beverages and to improve the taste of some dishes .	improve
It was the second time this season that a Texas Tech ( 4-2 , 1-1 Big 12 ) quarterback notched seven passing touchdowns .	passing
In the early 1930s the NCF started to manufacture opiates like morphine and codeine to fill the gap left by the disappearing market for cocaine .	1930s
He also contributed several volumes to the “ Künstler Monographien ” ( “ Artists ´ monographs ” ) by the same publisher .	contributed
Despite being well armed , the troops ' progress was being hindered by the terrified civilians and camp followers .	armed
In Chapter 12 , Marx explains a decrease in the value of labour power by increasing production .	increasing
She also provided paper , pencils , and crayons to children in exchange for exotic insects .	exchange
He was active in promoting the completion of the Third Street Tunnel .	completion
Francisco reads his letter from Philippa , in which she instructs him to meet her that evening at Brandino 's country home .	evening
Cornelius Warren ( " Chip " ) Grafton ( June 16 , 1909 – January 1 , 1982 ) was an American crime novelist .	crime
The coils were typically driven by the electrical pulses derived from a rotary telephone dial .	derived
A Republican , he served in local offices including Lister , Auditor and Justice of the Peace .	offices
He believed that the foundation of a society is in its wealth .	foundation
Income , Y , has a positive coefficient indicating that the good is a normal good .	normal
In 1995 , Martínez was a semifinalist at all four Grand Slam tournaments and reached her career-high singles ranking of World No .	ranking
It was not until the Mid-Late Tang period ( 中晚唐时期 ) that the distinctions between Royal women 's clothing and other style have become increasingly obvious .	increasingly
Næss linked up with the Norwegian explorer Thor Heyerdahl who had himself witnessed the increased pollution during his expeditions .	linked
Excavations at Manachaqui Cave , in Pataz District , recovered evidence of very early human occupation ,	occupation
Not only did she shelter numbers of evaders , but she also carried on considerable convoy activities .	considerable
Historians have surmised that the venue must have been either Maidstone or Malling ( later West of Kent teams played at Maidstone ) .	venue
The expression formula _ 26 can be re-written in terms of the other quantities by marginalizing over all possible formula _ 12 .	expression
In 1730 , the new Shah of Persia , Nadir Shah , sought to re-assert Persian sovereignty in Bahrain .	sought
The drama was such a huge success that talks of having a third sequel with the original cast and crew were under way .	huge
In 2009 , Lake reported extensively on Obama ’ s delicate discussions with Israel over its nuclear program .	nuclear
Following the 2017 election , Nesbitt announced his intention to step down as party leader .	step
The artist 's work is represented in numerous public collections from the Guggenheim , New York to the Tate Modern , London .	collections
When his Brazilian collection was sold by David Feldman in 1993 , it was described as " clearly the greatest single collection of Brazil ever formed " .	greatest
Walker personally emphasized his concern with parenting practices with regard to prevention .	practices
In all of Hu 's novels , the poor always lose .	novels
Being an unsigned draft pick in 2008 , Campbell became an unrestricted free agent in 2009 , but was then serving military time .	draft
The program which aired on October 20 , 1953 , led to an Air Force review of the matter and Radulovich ’ s reinstatement .	matter
Murray draws the wildest buffalo of the lot and considers using the frame as a surf board down the course .	frame
After gaining popularity through airplay on local radio stations , the album was reissued with additional tracks in 2005 by Ryko as " Now U Know " .	popularity
The city had been studying possible sites for such a plant for more than 20 years in both the Bronx and Westchester .	studying
This was in addition to her strong opposition to the Second Empire .	opposition
Its own members staffed many boards that oversaw the finer points of these many administrative duties .	duties
However , an entryway underneath the course at Turn 12 allows emergency and maintenance vehicles to access the infield area .	vehicles
He played college football at the guard position for the 1891 and 1892 Michigan Wolverines football teams .	guard
The film " Far Horizons " is a fictionalized account of Sacajawea , played by Donna Reed , about the Lewis and Clark expedition .	expedition
The second round was against FK Suduva where they won easily with a total of 4 – 1 .	easily
Sterilization can reduce this process .	reduce
where " δ " are the components of the Kronecker delta .	components
Angel tries to explain his return to helping his friends .	tries
Willow and Tara snuggle in bed together after their reconciliation , discussing the possibility that something is going on between Buffy and Spike .	something
For instance , the semi-arid center of the plateau receives an average yearly precipitation of only 300 millimeters .	instance
The MiGs were armed with 23 mm cannons and AA-2 Atoll missiles ; the EC-121 was unarmed and without a fighter escort .	armed
In 2012 Martin will again race with ADR , racing an Oreca 03 sports car in the LMP2 class of the FIA World Endurance Championship .	racing
Benjamín Gutiérrez was born into a musical family outside of San José ; they all played instruments .	instruments
Her father was a musician , and guitar player , who led the Praise and Worship services at their local church .	musician
On September 24 , Guyger was terminated from the police force , after being placed on administrative leave since the shooting .	shooting
He helped lead the Orange opposition to the Rebellion Losses Bill in Canada West .	opposition
A reviewer for " Next Generation " scored the compilation a perfect five out of five stars .	compilation
Hugo says he began to write the play on 4 July 1838 .	write
The combat support role began on October 21 , 1939 , when a -wide Neutrality Zone was declared around the American coast .	combat
This was followed by demonstration of operation of the device at elevated temperatures by Baliga in 1985 .	device
After missing six games , he returned to action earlier than expected , suiting up on February 1 against Sydney .	missing
Liedtka observed five “ major attributes of strategic thinking in practice ” that resemble competencies :	observed
The size of an adult shell varies between 48 mm and 100mm .	adult
In his review of the Nintendo DS version of the game , Adam Ballard described it as a " weak driving experience with shoddy artwork . "	driving
The third season followed up " The Movie " , with the revelation of the Quintessons having used Cybertron as a factory .	factory
Norwich also finished the season as highest scorers with a huge 89 goals scored all season	huge
She is a " New York Times " correspondent whose work has covered the workplace , technology and gender .	gender
He is distinguished by his unique and hoarse vocal delivery .	distinguished
The flowers are white or cream with a calyx calyptrate and shed early .	flowers
Attendance for the 1971 Daytona 500 reached 80,000 spectators ; Expansion in the next eighteen years would bring attendance up to 180,000 people .	bring
The segment in Russellville was added to the state highway system on January 30 , 1986 following a study of north-south traffic flow in the city .	flow
In the early 1990s , the areas of East Palo Alto and eastern Menlo Park , California , were besieged with crime .	crime
Traffic each way is 10,500 vehicles per day .	vehicles
The record contains more instruments not present in the band 's previous work , including synthesizers , sequenced drums , and strings .	instruments
During the incident , assistant coach Mike T. Pivec , 52 , allegedly hit Rory Fracasse Jr . , 15 , in the face .	incident
In total , Brulé missed 39 games with injuries in 2010 – 11 , limiting him to 7 goals and 2 assists .	injuries
On the Bee engines there were 2 types of crankshaft produced .	engines
Against the Tennessee Titans in Week 9 , Urlacher intercepted Matt Hasselbeck , and returned the pick 46 yards for a touchdown .	touchdown
The theme song " Colourful Garden " was performed during the flag-raising ceremony after performances made by 12,000 school children and the Myanmar Royal Auspicious Orchestra .	ceremony
The long-term result was a weak state that could not compete with its neighbors , especially Prussia and Russia .	compete
To come into force , a treaty or Act first needs to receive the required number of votes or ratifications .	needs
In 2004 , Peter Schmeichel said that he regarded him as the " finest goalkeeper in world football " .	regarded
The emails leaked in May 2014 and allegedly authored by Strelkov contain his diaries from Bosnia and Chechnya he sent to his friends for review .	contain
Race 4 was ultimately cancelled due to the conditions worsening .	ultimately
Beside his work as an editor he contributed texts for some songs to the song book himself ) .	contributed
Therefore , this position is also considered as too vague by the courts .	courts
On matchdays the museum is only open from 10am till half an hour before kick-off .	hour
Malayalam actress Ambika Sukumaran is her relative .	relative
They look like slim fit jeans from behind , like a skirt or culottes worn on top of slim fit jeans - from the front .	look
Their brood were later fed using nymphs and silkworm feces , while the fish themselves were eaten as a source of protein .	protein
After sucking enough blood , you temporarily transform into an invulnerable wolf to cover distance more quickly .	blood
When effective , the gap between architecting a project and deploying it can be minimized .	effective
Victims ranging from prisoners to infants to virgins were killed to please their gods , suffering such fates as burning , beheading and being buried alive .	prisoners
He graduated in art directing from FDAand studied architecture in France .	architecture
Raj Comics is publishing a landmark new series featuring Nagraj named Nagayana .	publishing
In the summer of 1994 , 3rd CAG proposed a revised table of organization to Headquarters Marine Corps that added a psychological operations planning detachment .	planning
A widely travelled diplomat and a determined prosecutor of Arianism , the presence of Servatius is recorded at several synods and church councils .	determined
Issues with combining heterogeneous data sources , often referred to as information silos , under a single query interface have existed for some time .	existed
The Preston Gas Company was established in 1815 by , amongst others , a Catholic priest : Rev .	priest
Over the years a number of different characters have assumed the title of Ant-Man , most of whom have been connected with the Avengers .	assumed
It cannot be applied to an object that does not permit arbitrary division .	object
On 11 July 2013 , AG Barr Chairman Ronnie Hanna announced that the proposed merger of Britvic and AG Barr had been abandoned .	abandoned
Each maṭha was headed by one of his four main disciples , who each continued the Vedanta Sampradaya .	headed
The first game was April 23 , 1916 , when São Cristóvão and Santos drew 1-1 .	drew
Mackenzie auditioned for the role of Bailey and a week after attending a second call back , he learned that he had been cast in the show .	learned
The Morgan Library and Museum acquired 35 of the cards in 1911 and they have remained there ever since .	cards
The station was assigned the KKON call letters by the Federal Communications Commission .	letters
The population within its areas began firmly accepting Islam in significant numbers , notably in Taraz , now in modern-day Kazakhstan .	notably
" PAOK wins 2-1 on aggregate and advances to the UEFA Europa League Group stage .	wins
Each member of the Sun Court was to represent an organization , but CUA did not admit female students at the time .	represent
During the Jumma Prayer , the mosque is open to all , and people from outside can enter the campus so say their prayers .	enter
Although they are rarely used today , many accomplished jazz conductors use them during ballads .	jazz
The last to live in the castle was Ludwig Helferich of Reussenstein .	castle
Brown , grabbed a sword and slashed at the snake , but missed and cut Harris 's foot , nearly severed one of his toes .	foot
The Olympic sailing classes have been used in the sport of Sailing / Yachting during the Olympic Summer Games since 1896 .	sport
The cycle of sectarian atrocities against civilians however continued into June 1922 .	cycle
They usually grow up vertically from the base .	grow
He led from the start and held off several challenges in the straight to win by half a length and a head from Seymourdini and King Kranz .	straight
He eventually became a morale officer for high-ranking German prisoners of war .	prisoners
It employed 1,100 employees in 2008 which was down from 2,115 in 2005 .	employees
His pupils at the Academy included György Kurtág , who decades later dedicated two compositions to him ( Op .	decades
To reduce their size , some Bulldogs were crossed with terriers , ratter dogs from the " slums " of England .	reduce
He was sent to gain the help of the Spartans against the attack of the Persian army in Marathon .	gain
After his performance , Snoop credited Hancock with " inventing hip-hop " .	credited
Henry VII traced his claim to the English crown through his mother , Margaret Beaufort , granddaughter of John Beaufort , and great-granddaughter of John of Gaunt .	claim
The song was also recorded in 2009 by nine-year-old Jackie Evancho , a soon-to-be singing sensation on " America 's Got Talent " .	singing
Moreover , they discovered that the DNA sequence itself effects how the molecule responds to supercoiling .	sequence
Only three days later , the Uprising of 1953 in East Germany would have prevented the permitted assembly of that many Germans .	assembly
Back then we were trying to recover a lost past or neglected past .	trying
She was sentenced to 15 months .	sentenced
The patent holder can be another company , an individual inventor , or some sort of institution , such as a research university .	institution
The municipality of Kristiania assumed possession of Henrik Ibsen 's study and bedroom and deposited all of it at the Norwegian Folk Museum .	assumed
There are also inpatient rehabilitation hospitals that offer this service in a hospital-like setting , but separate from acute care facilities .	setting
The R4200 was developed specifically for low-power Windows NT computers such as personal computers and laptops .	specifically
For the most part , however , possession of lands was what conferred social status and facilitated access to the local elite .	lands
He was severely wounded in both conflicts and received multiple mentions in despatches .	wounded
The Japan Traditional Kōgei Exhibition ( 日本伝統工芸展 ) takes place every year with the aim of reaching out to the public .	reaching
The series was a successor to the Northeast Pro Stock Association and International Pro Stock Challenge .	successor
Following the end of the " railway mania " and the drying up of contracts in France , Brassey could have retired as a rich man .	rich
He takes her to his residence , where he protects her and also pampers her like a child .	residence
The pressure hull contains buoyance and depth control units , and behind them , the mission payload section and centralized control unit .	depth
The bigger results of X , the bigger difference between X and Y results .	difference
The translation had been completed by his friend Mite Kremnitz .	translation
They have no jealousy , or sense of possession . "	sense
The exact functionality of the fusiform gyrus is still disputed , but there is relative consensus on its involvement in the following pathways :	relative
Moreau ended the Tour prematurely when he withdrew on the 12th stage .	12th
Larry races him to the hospital , and they arrive just as Kathy meets Brad at the emergency room doors .	meets
Hunt also took up photography after his girlfriend purchased him a camera .	camera
Everton added another league title in 1987 , with Liverpool finishing runners-up .	finishing
The following month , she sailed to the Caribbean Sea for refresher training and weapons trials .	weapons
The strategy focuses on Solar Home Systems that turn individual households into small power plants .	strategy
Transnet Pipelines , a subsidiary of Transnet , is the principal operator of South Africa 's fuel pipeline system .	fuel
Moshenskoy District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
If this is correct , the extinction of the fossa may take as much as 100 years to occur as the species gradually declines .	occur
As Spyro and Cynder wonder if this is indeed the end , Ignitus ' spirit returns and gives Spyro hope .	returns
This resort has 200 rooms and suites in total with selections of room types .	rooms
Federal Aviation Administration records say it had 136,600 passenger boardings ( enplanements ) in calendar year 2008 , 122,480 in 2009 and 110,044 in 2010 .	passenger
A few Israeli fighter-bombers reached their target and bombed the runway and the air defenses around the air base .	target
George Barber had a serious interest in vintage motorcycles and recognized that there was no museum that reflects the history of motorcycles around the world .	serious
Aircraft S1149 , S1150 , S1151 and S1152 were delivered to Felixstowe in September 1927 , and these four competed the Felixstowe-Singapore-Australia-Singapore legs of the cruise .	delivered
Its natural habitat is hot deserts .	habitat
For example , the most common cystic fibrosis variant has an allele frequency of about 3 % in most populations .	frequency
Black bears ( Ursus americanus ) , and less commonly , wolves ( Canis lupus ) , are occasionally spotted on the fringes of town .	occasionally
For new technologies , Russia 's mobile phone industry has depended on overseas companies .	mobile
This plan actually made it possible for Kanyakumari District to achieve the first place in education .	achieve
More recently Adobe Illustrator has added somewhat similar facility in version CS5 , although the control points for the variable width are visually specified .	somewhat
The guest analyst for the 2nd semifinal game was Kazuki Kimura 8d .	guest
This disagreement is claimed to be one of the main factors that led Elan to leave the XBMC project and create the Plex fork .	factors
In planetary geology , the term " ejecta " includes debris ejected during the formation of an impact crater .	impact
The steeply pitched roofs can reach 16 metres ( 50 feet ) in height .	height
Some examples of similar penalties have their own signals .	examples
By that time , the Gostiny Dvor had lost its popularity to the more fashionable Passage and New Passage , situated on the Nevsky Prospekt nearby .	popularity
Collins was born in Braidwood , New South Wales in 1931 , the youngest of five children in an Irish-Catholic family , and grew up in Bermagui .	youngest
Today the community has but one full-time farmer .	full-time
The simulated tail engine offers ARFF personnel critical high engine training scenarios .	personnel
Approximately 300 Alaskan Gwich 'in speak their language , according to the Alaska Native Language Center .	speak
A " Tarawa " -class vessel can reach a maximum speed of , and has a maximum range of at .	vessel
The 1870s in particular were an economic boom period on the Texas frontier because of a spike in demand for bison hides .	demand
The new problem is satisfiable if and only if the original problem was , and solutions can be converted easily from one problem to the other .	easily
She later said that the album would make Queen a " likely candidate for crossover success , if only she didn 't sing in Spanish " .	didn
During the 1970s he was sometimes seen as a possible successor to his political ally , the country 's leader Erich Honecker .	successor
She tells him she did not have any credit , but Stu becomes angry and thinking she may have moved on , he slaps her .	credit
On January 7 , 2017 , 2nd Ward Councilman Jonathan Giordano died , creating a vacancy on the Town Council .	creating
Oytun Ersan joined the International Nicosia Municipality Orchestra as a musician at the age of 15 where he continues to work today .	musician
To help prevent this , the " Dunkerque " -class battleships ' quadruple turrets had been divided internally , with a bulkhead to localize damage .	prevent
An extract from IGN interview with the game 's producer Hiroyuki Kobayashi :	interview
After acquiring TBW in 1966 , Kaplan continued to write for the magazine , contributing ( primarily ) editorials and tournament reports .	write
The couple struggles through good times and bad , forcing them to determine if their relationship is based on love or dependence on one another .	determine
Záviš Kalandra , and were the other victims of the trial .	victims
Also in France and studying with MacMonnies was fellow American artist Mary Foote .	studying
In yet others , the demand far exceeds the government bureaucracy 's ability to deliver .	demand
He was " sentenced to confinement for 10 years , a dishonorable discharge , total forfeitures , and reduction to the lowest enlisted grade .	sentenced
The eventual Emperor Zhang was aware of Consort Jia 's status as his birth mother but never treated her as mother .	treated
The Vale of Eden is formed by the course of the River Eden , one of the major rivers of Northwest England .	rivers
Goeldi was primarily a zoologist and described many new Brazilian species of birds and mammals .	birds
Scott Foley was promoted to a series regular on June 14 , 2013 having previously appeared on the show as a guest star .	guest
This species shows great morphological variations in wing and pelage colors resulted in different taxonomic designations depending on its distributional ranges .	depending
Melamine is mainly used in the chemical industry , but it can also be used in making cakes . "	chemical
Its diameter rotor has two blades .	diameter
Numerous species from several genera are prominent ornamentals , and wood chips from the genus " Fagus " are often used in flavoring beers .	wood
The larvae feed on " Tilia " species .	feed
Hal Emmerich was born in 1980 to Dr. " Huey " Emmerich and Dr. Strangelove , a pair of former scientists .	pair
It was divided into two phases : the regular season , played from August 28 , 2005 to May 7 , 2006 , and the playoff phase .	phase
A third sense of the term is as the self-ascribed label for a coalition that arose during the Second World War .	sense
Matthew Poole describes the cause and affect of an " itching ear " :	describes
in June Corman made a science fiction film for Allied Artists , " Not of this Earth " ( 1957 ) , written by Griffith .	fiction
McCarron then threw a 99-yard touchdown pass to Amari Cooper , giving Alabama a 28 – 21 lead with 10 : 28 remaining in the game .	touchdown
1934 , 1935 and 1937 they reached the final of the Austrian amateur championship but could not win .	amateur
" Storozhevoy " was laid down in Shipyard No .	laid
The name Spangenhelm is of German origin .	origin
Cornelia Aletta van Hulst ( 19 January 1797 – 7 November 1870 ) was a Dutch painter .	painter
The Colonial Time Service Observatory was an observatory situated on the edge of the Bolton Street Cemetery in Wellington , New Zealand .	edge
Gender makeup for this period was 47.2 % male and 52.8 % female .	makeup
Alain Béland , Bruce Phillips , and two others were planning a robbery .	planning
Both Tracy and Fittipaldi pitted for a " splash-and-go " , Emerson doing so with 7 laps to go .	doing
American geostrategist Thomas P. M. Barnett describes himself as an economic determinist in his book " The Pentagon 's New Map " .	describes
Volunteers from the Symphonic Band regularly fill out Glenelg 's Orchestra , Pit Band , and provide accompaniment for the chorus and madrigals during performances .	regularly
The Irish Fusiliers of Canada ( The Vancouver Regiment ) were reduced to nil strength and transferred to the Supplementary Order of Battle on 19 March 1965 .	strength
" The Show " is a weekly music program aired in South Korea by SBS MTV .	weekly
The Chacoan peccary has the unusual distinction of having been first described in 1930 based on fossils and was originally thought to be an extinct species .	unusual
Or they can come up with another idea that would enable them to increase their production output .	output
According to the Center , Geller is the " anti-Muslim movement 's most visible and flamboyant figurehead .	visible
It battled the Man-Thing and was reduced to clay again , which smothered Yagzan , killing him .	killing
Later a criminal court returned a verdict of tax evasion against Pojaman .	criminal
Julia Arthur said her farewell to Broadway in " Macbeth " , in which she played Lady Macbeth opposite Lionel Barrymore .	opposite
After reading what was on the back , she smiles .	reading
The man had been killed and impaled to the bottom of a lake which later became a bog .	bottom
Naval vessel since the devastating fire on board in 1967 .	vessel
The per capita income for the city was $ 29,986 .	capita
This map may have been sold in his shop .	shop
In October , he captained the Roosters ' NYC team to a premiership win , defeating the Penrith Panthers 30-28 at ANZ Stadium .	defeating
Currently , Giant Robot has an association with Lost Weekend Video in the Mission District of San Francisco where they opened a pop-up shop .	shop
Xeranoplium bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
He engaged in the manufacture of gold pens .	engaged
In this model , auditory information can be selectively attended to on the basis of its physical characteristics , such as location and volume .	volume
Solutions to wave propagation problems in such media may be constructed from these plane waves , using Fourier synthesis .	plane
The name of the website is in Assamese and means ‘ gateway to mathematics ’ .	mathematics
Marie and Ferdinand first became acquainted during a gala dinner and the pair conversed in German .	pair
The gates will be connected to the customs facility in Terminal 3 by an underground pedestrian passageway .	underground
Another influential minority are Greeks .	influential
Wright wrestled against Arn Anderson for the WCW World Television Championship on an episode of WCW Saturday Night , and beat Arn by DQ .	beat
Olivia decides to turn over a new leaf and she and Stuart sleep together .	decides
In the proceeding 4 seasons , his first-class average hovered on average around the mid-twenties .	first-class
It is a methodical process , performed entirely by hand .	entirely
She later bumps into Ken , who has recently suffered a stroke , and thoughtlessly states that she had a lucky escape from their relationship .	escape
However , Healey was unable to overcome Patrick 's early lead and the split of conservative support caused by Mihos ' candidacy .	unable
Meanwhile , Wilkinson attacked all of his opponents in the race as political insiders while touting his own rise from poverty to financial success .	rise
He also studied the specifics of the basic organization of industry and social services .	basic
SecA is a complex protein whose structure consists of six characterized domains that can explain SecA ’ s capabilities to bind substrates and to move them .	protein
Baer 's pochard breeds around lakes with rich aquatic vegetation , nesting in dense grass , flooded tussock meadows , or flooded shrubby meadows .	rich
Typical beach fossils are found along the front edges of the Sandhills .	beach
From its cloisters went forth a stream of missionaries who evangelised Northern Europe .	stream
Keeill ( also " keill , keeil " ; plural " kialteenyn " ) is a Manx Gaelic word for a chapel .	chapel
He also led an investigation in 2001 to try to discover the cause of the spike in gasoline prices that summer .	investigation
The " hermit " warns her not to trust the page .	page
On 21 October 1864 the 108 surviving veterans that had not reenlisted left North Carolina for home .	surviving
Headquarters and operations were relocated to San Diego , United States .	relocated
The City Commission acts as the legislative branch of the city government , guided by the provisions of the Charter of the City of Cocoa Beach .	acts
( 1 ) is the mathematical basis behind array signal processing .	signal
The arm was badly set and swelled ; on arrival in Detroit , local doctors thought it required amputation .	arrival
Unger devoted much of the following decades to further elaborating on the insights developed in " Politics " by working out the political and social alternatives .	decades
This success , though , proved to be the club 's undoing .	proved
More recently , the Horn & Hardart name was used for a now-dormant chain of coffee shops in Pennsylvania and New Jersey .	chain
The ships ' secondary armament consisted of twenty-two 138 mm Mle 1910 guns , mounted in casemates .	guns
Insects were most often gleaned from leaves or bark , and sometimes caught by sallying or taken from the ground .	caught
Males had a median income of $ 26,775 versus $ 19,573 for females .	versus
The four conjoined furnaces , together with the separated one , are interpreted as being the five " reverberatory " furnaces built in 1886 .	separated
On the other hand , the Spanish premier focused in phasing out all traces of home rule .	focused
The " Oracle Active Data Guard " option , an extra-cost facility , extends Oracle Data Guard functionality in Oracle 11g configurations .	option
He is the youngest Peshawa / King ever seen in the history .	youngest
The Cherokee were a matrilineal tribe , so he belonged to the Wild Potato Clan through his mother , " Sehoya " ( Susannah Catherine Wickett ) .	tribe
This led to a general run on British banks , in December 1825 .	banks
Modern building in Tuvalu are constructed from imported building materials , including imported timber and concrete .	concrete
After Scott had been picked up in a distressed state by a passing car , the police were notified , and began enquiries .	passing
There Jenkins installed a new offense built around the strengths of quarterback , Doug Flutie .	installed
Paul Edwards ( born February 21 , 1961 ) is a Manitoba politician and lawyer .	lawyer
The three-light window , c.1970 , above the altar on the east wall , depicts the enthroned Virgin .	window
It interchanges with the Maryland and Delaware Railroad in Seaford , which heads west to Federalsburg and Cambridge in Maryland .	heads
Individual dorsal hairs are tricolored , with the base , mid , and tip of the hair different colors ; ventral hairs are bicolored .	hair
Much of his work is currently held in private collections and museums .	collections
The incident was documented in Chapter 40 of Mark Twain 's 1883 book , " Life on the Mississippi " .	incident
Michels Warren is a South Australian public relations firm headquartered on Melbourne Street in North Adelaide and established in 1978 .	relations
Other locations were in London and Norfolk .	locations
Lindsey and Darla talk about Angel and how he 's progressing .	talk
He played League football for Birmingham , Manchester United , Wigan Borough and Crewe Alexandra , and also made wartime guest appearances for St Mirren .	guest
He is a skilled Air Trekker , able to substitute empty cans as his Ram Jet Regalia and is an extremely skilled Tetris player .	extremely
Big Iron 's water , with significant dissolved iron , would precipitate ocherous crusts and stains .	iron
An ancient chapel survives on the site .	chapel
The rebels denied any involvement in the attack .	denied
Even the speed of West German recovery following the war was seen as ominous by some who suspected the Germans of planning for World War III .	planning
About fifty aircraft and the military and civilian personnel had arrived at Boscombe down by mid-September 1939 .	personnel
The reason given was his disapproval of the Revolution Settlement ( see Glorious Revolution ) as a nonjuror .	reason
Without Superior and other Alpha superheroes to keep the world relatively calm , global politics collapsed quickly .	global
There are also several US patents for using skip lists to implement ( lockless ) priority queues and concurrent dictionaries .	lists
" Asylum " received mostly negative reviews from critics .	negative
The lower layer is black peat , which is already well humified and has a black-brown colour with still recognizable plant remains .	colour
He was obliged to spend a year in detention at the Ottoman court where he was well treated .	treated
Lakshmy Ramakrishnan later informed that her husband had played a small role in the film and that her youngest daughter Shreya assisted her in direction .	youngest
SAMV beamforming algorithm is a sparse signal reconstruction based algorithm which explicitly exploits the time invariant statistical characteristic of the covariance matrix .	signal
Rutherford Stuyvesant went on to develop other buildings , but he never worked with an architect of Hunt 's caliber again .	architect
Aurukun has a primary school which is operated by Cape York Aboriginal Australian Academy ( CYAAA ) in a unique partnership with Education Queensland .	partnership
Shyamalan expressed hope for a third installment following " Split " , saying , " I hope [ a third " Unbreakable " film happens ] .	expressed
He was given additional time to make the featherweight limit , but made no attempt to cut further .	limit
" Rockers Galore " is also featured on their 2006 compilation album " Singles Box " .	compilation
It is a fairly large wader though is mid-sized by the standards of its family .	standards
From 1987 to 1989 Jared Robinsen was one of three television presenters of the Network Ten magazine children 's television programme , Ridgey Didge in Australia .	programme
It is divided into two sections , General and Research / Reference .	sections
Established in 1929 , Kaieteur National Park was Guyana 's first protected area .	protected
The Plymouth Michigan office is now primarily a regional software development and support site for existing Wise branded products and some Altiris branded products .	existing
They enter a room at the tavern .	enter
Additional new aircraft types were procured and by 1957 the Squadron had 16 Sabres , 12 Vampires and 12 Harvards on strength .	strength
" daha " marks plural objects when they are not specified elsewhere .	objects
HSY 's net worth is more than 10 million USD in 2018 .	worth
Colbert encouraged his viewers to write in his name .	write
Atom Ant fights various villains , including recurring ones like Ferocious Flea ( also voiced by Messick ) and mad scientist Professor Von Gimmick .	ones
Each forefoot has three toes with flat claws , used for digging holes when hunting for prey .	flat
It arises when expected expenditure will not equal expected consumption at a future date .	equal
Some departments hire uninvolved officers or include another department or a special unit to conduct the investigation .	investigation
The service is billed per hour , and customers do not pay any additional fees .	hour
It is located on nearby associated tribal trust lands .	lands
Vulnerable sellers , such as drug addicts or casual thieves , may receive less than 20 % of an item 's value .	drug
The central bay projects forward and contains a two-storeyed arched opening , with steps leading to an entrance on the upper floor .	entrance
For example , Патот бил затворен in Macedonian means " The road was closed ( or so I heard ) " .	heard
The factory was built on the south end of the Hydraulic Canal on what is now South College Street at South Street .	factory
Local government was perceived as less corrupt with 20 percent saying either all or most of the officials in local government were involved with corruption .	officials
At the time of founding the school served pre-primary and six primary grades , and it opened with 43 students .	founding
Indus ports near the Arabian Sea that served Lahore also silted up during this time , reducing the city 's importance even further .	importance
He possesses powers of flight , some degree of invulnerability and super-strength and hyperspeed a little below the Post- " Crisis " Superman .	powers
On 22 May 2014 when the coup d 'état took place , the military decided that it would scrutinize the regulatory practices of both sectors .	practices
The message of the campaign is carried by the monitoring results of the ongoing monitoring project Fatal Realities of Fortress Europe .	message
From the mid-19th century onward , European merchants were increasingly active .	increasingly
He wrote a poem starting with the words " When I am dead cremate me . "	poem
The increasingly rocky terrain of Comancheria also proves troublesome for the wagons .	increasingly
Another common cause is mothers ' faulty feeding practices , including inadequate breastfeeding and wrongly preparation of food for children .	practices
" Confession " also appeared at times as a filler program on Thursday evenings opposite " You Bet Your Life " , hosted by Groucho Marx .	opposite
In 1920 the Eighteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution went into effect prohibiting the manufacture , transportation , and sale of alcoholic beverages .	sale
However , toplessness has come to be a feature in contemporary haute couture fashion shows .	fashion
It has a number of sub-regions including the Waihopai valley , Renwick and the Spring Creek area .	valley
The term Lingayats came to be commonly used during the British colonial period .	colonial
For connectivity , the phone supports NFC , Bluetooth 4.0 , DLNA and FM radio .	supports
There is one bill currently before Congress but others are expected to be presented soon .	bill
This particular species of bats emit an average resting frequency ( RF ) of 85 kHz .	frequency
Samuel Hung Ka-yiu , chairman of the Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society , said , " Ocean Kingdom seems to have imported everything .	seems
Plans for the complex include the Swaminarayan Akshardham Mahamandir and a visitor ’ s center , which will house an exhibition on Indian history and culture .	exhibition
Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility .	factors
After the accession of Queen Elizabeth I , he was restored as Dean in 1559 .	restored
In keeping with Baptist ideas about equality among men , the school accepted students of all races and women students as well .	ideas
The ethnical background of the town was 95.1 % Hungarian , 0.7 % Gypsy , 0.2 % Slovak , 4.5 % other .	background
Tomas Sabaybunot receives orders from higher command to the effect that he has to undergo military retraining under Article of War 105 .	orders
Xeranoplium gracilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
In addition , pot racks can range in size from less than a foot to over fifteen feet long .	foot
With the reorganization of armed forces sports clubs by the communist government in 1956 , was disbanded the basketball team .	armed
It was founded by veteran journalists Todd Bishop and John Cook with investment from Jonathan Sposato .	investment
In 2003 , her album " Voz d 'Amor " was awarded a Grammy in the World music category .	category
She remained in the Mediterranean until June 1917 , apart from a brief return to Britain in March and April 1916 for a refit .	brief
The label also released some soul and funk recordings .	recordings
There was only one young craftsman from the Neidlingen valley who dared to try .	valley
However , " Mays , as the only living survivor of the tragedy , placed a plaque on the wreck in memory of his fellow crewmen . "	memory
Arkansas State promptly responded via a touchdown pass .	touchdown
Nessa is furious and upset , and she convinces Ken not to attend the party as she feels humiliated , upsetting Audrey .	attend
Liga was the nineteenth season of the third-tier football league in Slovakia , since its establishment in 1993 .	establishment
Žiburėlis ( diminutive of " žiburys " meaning light , beacon ) later Lietuvos žiburėlis was a charitable society providing financial aid to gifted Lithuanian students .	providing
The city 's population has grown from 65,452 in 1990 to 157,594 in 2011 .	grown
As was common at the time most of the programme was shot in studio sets .	programme
The chief of the Soviet commission in East Germany , Vladimir Semyonov , and director Sergei Gerasimov were present as well .	commission
However , unlike its predecessors ( all disappeared by the 1930s ) , some locomotives of the class managed to survive until 1946 , working around Treviso .	1930s
The EZTV.it domain name was suspended , and a couple of months later was taken over by scammers attempting to claim EZTV as their own .	claim
At the time , Caribou Crossing was a popular stopping place for prospectors going to and from the gold fields of Dawson City .	fields
Robalan was a champion New Zealand pacer Standardbred horse , known as " Robby " .	horse
Then they embarked on the Carolinas Campaign at the end of January 1865 and participated in the capture of Columbia , South Carolina , on 17 February .	capture
It was unprecedented for the NFL champion to move at all , let alone partly to avoid an unproven rival .	avoid
By the late 1940s , Wynn had developed an innovative performance style , involving dancing , stomping , and playing the saxophone while laying on his back .	involving
Jean Grandjean ( February 5 , 1752 – November 12 , 1781 ) was a Dutch painter , draftsman , and watercolourist .	painter
On the fifth suit he managed to add Sforza devices .	devices
The Congregation of Universal Wisdom , a religion based on belief in chiropractic spinal adjustments and Universal Intelligence , forbids vaccinations .	religion
But there is a price to pay . "	price
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social , cultural or spiritual reasons .	reasons
Angelus is less impressed , and his disrespect gets him beaten up .	gets
Close by a pair of fish-sellers rest with a pint and a porter sets down his load to refresh himself .	pair
Paine was well known in American literary circles at the time , chiefly as the biographer of Mark Twain .	literary
In response to the adversarial investigation , Pak wrote " Truth is My Sword " .	investigation
In 1875 , Victor Guérin found here a village with 200 Metuali inhabitants .	inhabitants
Calculate a simple moving average for n periods .	simple
The gambling debate became complicated further by the economic recession which had taken its toll on the casino industry .	debate
It can be grown in conditions with good drainage with sunny aspect , and can be propagated by seed .	grown
His playing style , accomplishments and reputation have made him one of the team 's most popular players .	reputation
It can be reached by launch from Hirakud Dam , it is closer by via the river .	launch
Harlem Avenue , " La Corsa Italia " , is lined with Italian stores , bakeries , clubs and organizations .	stores
The earth bored from the tunnel could be used as landfill to connect the two islands .	islands
Many of the places , events , and people are quite real , but the some of situations are questionable .	quite
Engineer Stephen Birch acquired the rights to the deposit and established the Alaska Copper and Coal Company in 1903 to mine it .	mine
He left the British Paraorchestra shortly after to pursue several international solo tours .	shortly
The normal number of leaflets for var .	normal
Miller , who had a mental age of 11 , confessed to the killing after making 307 denials .	killing
Each twin ends up with two distinct cell populations of varying proportions .	distinct
He made his 10th appearance for the club as a substitute against West Ham in a 1 – 1 draw on 18 December .	10th
But in spite of the poor visibility which made the average altitude at which the planes could work about 300 meters , several daily reconnaissances were made .	meters
The primary displays an infrared excess , possibly due to a debris disk or other orbiting material .	possibly
The Clinton Township School District serves children in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade .	eighth
It has a population of 84,800 citizens .	citizens
Amnesty International and other organizations declared her execution to be a crime against humanity and against children of the world .	crime
The northern border of the county stabilized in the early 14th century .	14th
This led to a rematch at Hard Justice , where The Naturals retained the title .	retained
In 1920 the reorganisation of this society was given into his hands , along	hands
His disappearance was enough for him to be declared dead and speculation has suggested that he may have slipped into " The Void " of time .	suggested
From 2001 to 2003 , Loyer was an advance scout for the Blazers , then was an assistant coach from 2003 to 2005 under Maurice Cheeks .	advance
Other uses of the motocross include product introductions by off-road vehicle manufacturers .	vehicle
Australia are the most successful team , having won six titles and failed to make the final on only three occasions .	occasions
In a twist , past-Angel turns and addresses the twosome .	turns
The Charter consists of a " preamble " and a series of articles grouped into chapters .	articles
In theater , Ralf Coleman 's Negro Repertory Theater earned him the unofficial title of " Dean of Boston Black Theater " .	theater
The CHP is historically linked to the Christian Democratic Appeal which is currently one of the major parties of the Netherlands .	linked
It is their first soundtrack album and Richard 's sixth album overall .	soundtrack
Despite the relative calm on land , on the high seas the war was very real .	relative
In opposition to his friend , Solovyov was sympathetic to the Roman Catholic Church .	opposition
The House of Lords dismissed the appeal , in effect creating a new common law offence .	creating
He would secure pistols , grenades and other weapons which he would personally give to his comrades who were to be involved in the operation .	weapons
As a source of electrons for electron-beam welders , the material must fulfill certain requirements :	requirements
They were both fortified residence and the seat of power in the area .	residence
And it 's about breaking out of that box and looking outside of that box that has been built for you .	looking
Lumen was a Milan-based multi-disciplined creative and design consulting agency , founded by Pietro Rovatti and Drew Smith in 2003 .	agency
After leaving Congress , he resumed the manufacture of pottery until 1895 , when he engaged in the insurance business .	engaged
" Berliner Zeitung " columnist Joachim Bagemühl wrote that " Maetzig created massive crowd scenes , the likes of which were rarely seen in film hitherto . "	scenes
On the ride home , he was cited for intoxication by a state trooper .	cited
In December 1862 the 111th was attached to the XVI Corps under command of Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut .	attached
Sun Yun-suan ( ; 10 November 1913 – 15 February 2006 ) was a Chinese engineer and politician .	engineer
Custody was firstly given to Gruffydd ap Gwenwynwyn but subsequently to Roger Mortimer along with the lands of Ceri and Cedewain .	lands
'Ramalingeshwara Rathostava ' ( jatre ) , which is celebrated every year , is also very famous .	celebrated
Campbell , who was in attendance on the second day of the draft , was featured several times .	draft
The squadron was inactivated on 1 January 1967 .	squadron
Ednor Gardens-Lakeside is a large community in northeast Baltimore , Maryland .	northeast
PP1 is important to the reciprocal regulation of glycogen metabolism by ensuring the opposite regulation of glycogen breakdown and glycogen synthesis .	opposite
It was built to serve a largely immigrant French-Canadian population settled in the surrounding neighborhood .	neighborhood
In terms of genetics , this is called an increase in allele frequency .	frequency
Deipyrodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :	containing
By June 1946 , the Squadron was assigned to 7 Wing SAAF based at AFB Waterkloof , flying Harvards but still retaining the Spitfires .	flying
Paul Evans is a digitally-native New York City-based menswear brand , best known for its collection of luxury footwear .	brand
It is a plump frog , with a wide , short head , and a skin fold from the eye to the shoulder .	skin
Apart from Hokkaido in Japan , the species is found in northeast Korea and in Russia in Sakhalin , Kuril Islands and Kamchatka .	northeast
In this comic , SPECTRE has a World War II organization that is mostly defunct .	comic
Amy resolves to save him .	save
He contested the Jabalpur Lok Sabha seat in the 1957 general election , as a Praja Socialist Party candidate .	contested
Early in 1944 , the trend was for the strike carrier to move eastwards .	strike
Coyle led the Grizzlies with 125 total tackles , which put him among the nation 's leaders .	nation
In the qualifying round , Hrysopiyi Devetzi shocked everyone with her 15.32m automatic qualifier on her only attempt .	qualifying
But after reading this book , I will certainly be more circumspect when referring to pheromones in future . "	reading
In the episode , the ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8 , Lrrr experiences marriage trouble with his queen , Ndnd .	experiences
Nearly all of the camp 's original internees came from California : southwest Los Angeles , the Central Valley and the northern coast .	southwest
It was shot in December 1998 in Congonhas , Minas Gerais , and debuted at the 3rd Festival de Cinema de Tiradentes in 2000 .	debuted
Sometimes his poems are to be accompanied by hand clapping .	accompanied
The Mother warns Ted to go easy on the champagne , but he tells her he will be fine as he made a vow in the past .	fine
In medieval Europe , homosexuality was considered sodomy and it was punishable by death .	medieval
" 2014 – 15 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men 's mass start	mass
The key point of difference with other revolutionaries was that for them political revolution was meaningless without cultural change .	difference
The Russian mobile phone service operators have been active in their presence in the CIS and other foreign countries .	mobile
The bank codes also differ from the Bank card code ( CSC ) .	card
The Japanese flotilla scattered and retreated for the night as the Portuguese carrack anchored off Fukahori ( ) for lack of wind .	wind
The members of the club thus asked him to resign , though he himself saw no reason to do so .	reason
An armoured vehicle was set on fire in Ardoyne , according to republican sources .	vehicle
In early 2002 the band was approached by a mutual friend to reform for a couple of shows .	reform
Wise Solutions was started as a shareware tool originally distributed via CompuServe .	distributed
The government denied the charge .	denied
She perceives herself as being dominated by the male scientists .	herself
He then toured with Mobb Deep , Redman , Busta Rhymes , and others .	toured
He beat the sitting Conservative MP for Nottingham Central in the 1945 election , and was appointed Parliamentary Private Secretary to Clement Attlee .	beat
Josh Cobb left in 2000 and was replaced by Tony Jarman , who stayed with the group until 2004 .	stayed
The warmer temperatures in the Northern parts of the tropics foster an environment more conducive to the development of moisture .	environment
The boys ' 400 metres competition at the 2010 Youth Olympic Games was held on 17 – 21 August 2010 in Bishan Stadium .	boys
93 at a race of his choice if Mike finished in the top-5 .	choice
In addition to maximising his government 's revenues , Mobutu hoped that by exerting authority over the company he could expand his power as president .	authority
CBM 588 was approved for clinical use in humans by the Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare in 1970 .	humans
After killing Khairul Lah , Sha Nawaz Khan became the ruler but was replaced by Muhtaram Shah II after a rule of six years .	killing
During the progression of machinery the numbers of skilled workers decreased , while child labor flourished , increasing profits for the capitalist .	increasing
She received her master 's degree in educational psychology from New York University in Manhattan in 1942 .	educational
Released on LP in 1963 , this work counts on the musicians Humberto Clayber , Antonio Pinheiro and Hector Costita .	musicians
Pinxav ( Pronounced " Pink-Salve " ) is a topical ointment used to treat minor skin irritations .	skin
Penn State answered with a drive that ended with a 33-yard field goal from V. J. Muscillo .	drive
It had the same secretary as the Second Continental Congress , namely Charles Thomson .	secretary
There have been mild but persistent debates over whether or not the Union Flag should be removed from the canton of the Australian flag .	flag
Bethlehem Township is a township in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States .	township
He was in financial difficulties by 1743 , and did not stand for election again in 1747 .	stand
It grows at high elevations ( above 900 m ) , reportedly higher than any other Cuban palm .	grows
Introduced in 1957 , the third generation F-series was a significant modernization and redesign .	generation
He then went on to attend medical school at George Washington University and entered into residency at the Medical College of Virginia .	attend
It was built in the 1740s by Domenico Sceberras , and eventually passed into the hands of the Muscati and Parisio Muscati families .	hands
The decision was controversial when announced , and remains the subject of widespread discussion .	widespread
Often , SkyOS is accused of violating the GPL .	accused
The Volkswagen Electronics Research Laboratory was founded in August 1998 , and VWERL began operations in October 1998 , with three employees .	employees
The song was featured in the background in episode 13 of the American sitcom " Outsourced " .	background
Clark reveals the engagement ring in the episode " Abandoned " and proposed to Lois in the episode " Icarus , " which Lois happily accepts .	ring
On weekends , faculty offer a range of activities for students .	faculty
Bing was born in Hamburg , a member of a large family with diverse commercial interests .	interests
At a special meeting , amendments were made , including a wider front door and the use of Australian manufactured materials .	door
The revamped program officially launched on September 21 , 2015 as Citi Bike with membership working in New York City .	membership
Despite this , the Holy See continued diplomatic relations with Germany in order to " connect to the bishops and faithful in Germany " .	relations
The Constitution of Tonga protects land ownership : land cannot be sold to foreigners ( although it may be leased ) .	ownership
The company markets proprietary solutions which include :	markets
Koreans have migrated significantly since the 1960s .	significantly
White travelled to Mackinac Island , doing odd jobs until he found steady employment tending a store .	doing
In 1990 , the Bulgarian Communist Party set up an inquiry commission into the camps .	commission
There are four nationwide mobile phone service providers who possess 2G and 3G licenses in every region of Russia ( so called " Big-4 " ) :	mobile
The hamlet is surrounded by three nurseries .	surrounded
He served in the U.S. Army in World War II first as an infantry officer then in intelligence .	intelligence
Issue # 45 kicked off a major turning point , as Mirage made a concerted effort to return the series to continuity .	effort
As the Portuguese expansion in India continued , Jews were able to create their own communities and practice their religious traditions .	expansion
It was also the first time that a defending champion of the tournament qualify for the final and defend their title .	defending
Together , they have two daughters , Delphine Cloutier-Morissette and Raphaelle Cloutier-Morissette , and a son , Justin Cloutier-Morissette .	daughters
The development center at the Opel plant in Rüsselsheim , Germany , leads the development of this platform .	leads
He was managed by Sapphire , who was intended to represent the " common woman " .	represent
It may come from the Northern English term " burn " meaning a stream , or it may be a corruption of " barn " .	stream
Operating under the firm name , Tenki , or as it was also known , was an active publishing house from 1816 into the 1850s .	publishing
Ratcliffe makes it back to the port , where he is arrested by the King .	port
He completed his studies and built the first school in Gando as his diploma project in 2004 , while also opening his own architectural office Kéré Architecture .	architectural
He circulated between the courts of the Este , Malaspina , and Da Romano families .	courts
The school provides a K – 12 education consisting of five interlinking elements : academics , activities , outdoor education , personal and social education and service .	consisting
Facilities were segregated until civil rights legislation in the 1960s .	legislation
She took part in the Battle of Trafalgar , and was broken up in 1826 .	broken
On March 23 , 1959 , Porechensky District was abolished and merged into Velikoluksky District .	merged
The shows were filmed at " The X Factor " NZ Studio in Favona , Auckland .	filmed
The delegates to the Second Wheeling Convention of 1861 were elected in 1861 from counties in western and northern Virginia .	counties
Context images show evidence in context , like how the knife was next to the sofa .	images
Bruce Ahlstrand is a senior faculty member in the Business Administration program at Trent University in Peterborough , Ontario .	faculty
Serbia also has a huge geothermal potential , which is only partially and sporadically utilized .	huge
Maude shifted a column to try to turn the Turkish left .	column
Although unintentional , the song 's composition was pivotal in the film 's characterization of Elsa .	composition
The purpose of the decree was as follows :	purpose
To the southwest it is bounded by the AM-464 highway , and borders the Rio Amapá Sustainable Development Reserve .	southwest
She qualified in Medicine from St George 's Hospital Medical School , London in 1996 .	qualified
Enemy of the state is a political / criminal term .	criminal
A number of blood substitutes have been explored ( and still are ) , but thus far they all suffer from many challenges .	blood
The bodies of the men were found six months later buried at the San Isidro Mazatepec Park in Zapopan .	bodies
This yearly award is sponsored by IOS Press and the winner of the 2015 Alzheimer Award received a USD7,500 cash prize .	prize
Nevertheless , it was ranked 19th in " Channel 4 's 30 Greatest Comedy Shows " as part of its 30th anniversary .	anniversary
Then , in a matter of moments , he killed every Nazi at the camp .	matter
Despite high sales , " Orblivion " received a lukewarm reception from the British press .	press
I 'm not even gonna put my picture on albums anymore .	picture
In 1996 The Foundation for Research Development in South Africa rated Chris Brink in category A .	category
They also have a wooden mask , made for each Jokili in particular .	wooden
Boca Juniors played its local games there during the 2002-03 , 2003 – 04 , 2004-04 and 2006-07 LNB finals .	finals
Heterotopic ossification of varying severity can be caused by surgery or trauma to the hips and legs .	surgery
The anime series has two pieces of theme music .	pieces
The place is important in demonstrating the course , or pattern , of cultural or natural history in New South Wales .	pattern
In 1992 the activities of Jeumont-Schneider Industrie relating to nuclear power were taken over by Framatome .	nuclear
John Major , who was prime minister at the time , famously took credit ( November 1996 ) .	credit
Bad Salzuflen is bordered to the east by the town of Lemgo , to the south by Lage and on the southwest by Leopoldshöhe .	southwest
Scene IV : Religion questions Occident and America , " What is this god that you adore ? "	questions
Levi Strauss improved the design by adding copper rivets and by the 1870s this design was adopted by ranchers and cowboys .	improved
If the three points are given by their coordinates , , and , the radius can be expressed as	expressed
Alfalfa feels the slime and cold frog move around his body .	cold
include the Deva Kaljayi , himself and enemies who didn 't have a biological body .	didn
On 27 August 2008 at least 25 people belonging to the Jamhoori Watan Party ( JWP-Aali ) suffered injuries when a bomb exploded in a public meeting .	injuries
A rectus sheath hematoma is an accumulation of blood in the sheath of the rectus abdominis muscle .	blood
Merchant Marine in international waters and U.S. military bases worldwide .	waters
As he frets over his bout of irrational behaviour , Helena consoles him by relating the arrival of the Superswift .	arrival
Xeranoplium peninsulare is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
The White Mountain School curriculum is structured in a traditional liberal arts model .	arts
The middle section of the school will be ready for the 2014-2015 educational year .	educational
In the Green Room a considerable leak allowed rain into the enclosed marquee .	considerable
Belief in black magic , or dukun santet , is widespread in the area .	widespread
When a Stop ' N ' Swop item is collected in " Banjo-Kazooie " , a corresponding crate appears at each drawing .	collected
They are made by taking two smaller chewy chocolate cookies and gluing them together with a light brown fudge creme .	brown
Such treatments were considered unparalleled in their strength .	strength
Abiel Holmes ( December 24 , 1763 – June 4 , 1837 ) was an American Congregational clergyman and historian .	historian
While the bridge was indeed built with movable pillars , the option has never been exercised .	option
ie ; John Doe maintains his self care by shaving and styling his hair .	hair
Max Nicholson of IGN gave the episode 6.5 / 10 , saying it delivered a fun and concise storyline that effectively set up future events .	delivered
The Waterloo to Southampton Central stopping service was extended to , replacing in part the former to stopping service .	replacing
90 people died , 121 were injured and 43 cars were destroyed , making it one of the deadliest man-made disasters in Thailand .	injured
Helium-7 and helium-8 are hyperfragments that are created in certain nuclear reactions .	nuclear
In June 2006 , Terri helped ITV Play launch a new show : " Rovers Return Quiz Night " .	launch
It was inspired by silent film actress Louise Brooks and is named after the 1929 film " Pandora 's Box " in which she starred .	starred
Its controversial status as a legacy of colonialism led to the increasing Arabisation of the school system in the 1970s and 1980s .	increasing
Part V dealt with the process of acquiring land for shooting ranges .	shooting
The Rockville campus offers more than 600 courses in more than 40 curricula .	courses
[ 1 ] Breaking this hypnotic fate is extremely difficult and going against it is impossible .	extremely
He was the SEC Champion in the 220-yard low hurdles and in the broad jump .	broad
The film was conceived as a way to systematically document the music of the entire L.A. underground music scene .	underground
Stade Poitevin Rugby is a French semi-professional rugby union team based in Poitiers .	rugby
The Hotel Metropole was the first hotel in New York City that had running water in every room .	hotel
Said bin Sultan , Sultan of Muscat and Oman ( r . 1804-1856 ) sent a governor to Lamu around 1814 .	governor
As the video comes to an end , plant life begins to grow around and over the wreckage .	grow
In 1997 Castro re-emerged successfully with a new CD and a new television show .	successfully
In fact , many interest groups , including the American Medical Association ( AMA ) and the pharmaceutical industry came out vehemently against the congressional bill .	bill
Sensing defeat , the Persian generals commanding the wings , Qubaz and Anoshagan , ordered a withdrawal , which led to a general retreat .	wings
The Earl 's kinsman , Gilbert Foliot ( Abbot of Gloucester ) , appealed to the legate on his behalf against the bishop 's severity .	bishop
The Met is not going to get my money , but it will not kill my love of music . ' "	kill
Hillman , Herbert & Cooper started manufacturing motorcycles from 1908 .	manufacturing
Some languages have automatic memoization built in , such as tabled Prolog and J , which supports memoization with the " M. " adverb .	supports
It is generally not obvious whether an emergent theory of mind embraces mental causation or must be considered epiphenomenal .	mind
Finally , command of the artillery fell to Ferdinand of Savoy , Duke of Genoa .	artillery
Ivanjicki ’ s painting was influenced by Symbolism , Surrealism , Pop art and Fantastic art .	influenced
When oxygen levels become limited , intense competition arises between soil life forms for the remaining oxygen .	soil
At Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference in June 2008 , Altman presented the Loopt application for the iPhone .	application
Parties based on ethnic or religious lines are banned and public schools do not offer religious instruction .	ethnic
Adults are silvery-gray above the mask , shading into brown at the crown , with a bold , pale patch just behind the mask .	brown
To the west and southwest of the two ranges lies the Yuma Desert .	southwest
The majority of the Togolese population depends on subsistence agriculture .	agriculture
It is strongly associated with bromeliads , and can survive in degraded forest if bromeliads are present .	strongly
But when I heard it was legit , and then later on we got a phone call from Brett Ratner , who directed it .	heard
Washington Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
On returning to the UK , Hawkwind were dissolved and resurrected as the Hawklords , with Bainbridge and Griffin forming the rhythm section .	forming
speed limit was imposed on it .	limit
It lays 2 – 3 eggs in a narrow scrape in the ground .	narrow
Outnumbered and surrounded , Caesar 's army nevertheless emerges victorious .	surrounded
Soon , with the assistance of V. A. Zhukovsky and K. F. Ryleev , Nikitenko was granted affranchisement .	assistance
Farming also plays a considerable part in the area .	considerable
With it , he crossed over into a world of music that previously did not exist for him .	exist
Five hours later , Timberlake posted a tease of the track with a 15-second snippet .	posted
Robo2 and Robo3 function together to specify the lateral position of the axon relative to the midline .	relative
Many clans with thousands of members in numerous villages across Fujian recorded their genealogies and had Muslim ancestry .	thousands
I , your servant , told him that you , Lord , is merely having minor headaches and would soon be healed .	your
The sub-kingdoms within the state were ruled by nobles titled " Gbana " .	ruled
In July , the navy was allowed to carry out revisions for resubmission .	carry
was designated onto the former alignment of US 11 between Camp Hill and Wormleysburg , running concurrent with US 15 between State Street in Lemoyne and Wormleysburg .	onto
It is the process of equating the units and origins of two scales on which the abilities of students have been estimated from results on different tests .	tests
The elegant , classically inspired Gympie Town Hall stands prominently at the five-ways that terminates Mary Street and the main business district of Gympie .	stands
For this , Pilgrim obtained compensation in the form of royal grants .	royal
A farming area comprising two small villages and a few hamlets situated some northeast of Aubusson , on the D24 road .	northeast
In 2003 the former player accepted an invitation from Flamengo to take command of the basic categories .	basic
This is the need to be social , have friends , and feel like one belongs and is loved .	feel
In 1987 ( at the age of 16 ) , he achieved a Top 10 ranking in the William Lowell Putnam Mathematical Competition .	ranking
Panya confronted Abe , telling him what happened and that Hellboy has died .	happened
She and Molly later arrive at the sporting goods store where Dallas and a few others are hiding .	goods
Accumulating five points , Sheriff failed to progress past the group stage after finishing last in Group E .	finishing
Graziano 's daughter Renee Graziano is a participant in the reality television program " Mob Wives " .	reality
A by-election was called to choose his successor .	successor
On December 23 , 2010 , Stallworth was voted by his teammates and awarded the [ [ Ed Block Courage Award ] ] for 2010 .	voted
Alexandria Township is a township in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States .	township
M. pusillus is a nonmigratory bat as expected by its low aspect ratio wings .	wings
The competition consisted of two rounds , qualification and final .	rounds
Seaford is home to one weekly newspaper , the " Seaford Star " .	weekly
At this time the controversies raised by the Naturalisti were at their height , and into them Fréminet entered with ardour .	height
Her research work has been recognized with Level II membership in Mexico 's Sistema Nacional de Investigadores .	membership
MUMS has 8 faculties , operates 32 hospitals plus 179 rural and 147 urban health care centers .	operates
There are three stages of certification associated with the Pearl Rating System .	stages
1771 et seq ) " shall establish a local school wellness policy by School Year 2006 . "	establish
Lapkus was born in Evanston , Illinois , of half Lithuanian and half Greek / Serbian descent .	descent
Jens is known to seek out and experiment with unusual materials for his basses like 9000-year-old bog oak .	unusual
Consequently he became involved with the Popular Democratic Party and participated in an internal election for the presidency of the party 's National Youth organization .	internal
The District of Kegalle is situated in between the central highlands and western southern plains and has an enchanting environment .	environment
The Chero are essentially one of many tribal communities , such as the Bhar and Kol , that inhabit the southeastern corner of Uttar Pradesh .	corner
It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period .	dating
Buoyed by their success in the RLC Shield , Storm were encouraged to apply for membership of the newly formed National League Three .	membership
That designation has existed ever since .	existed
Since 1997 , a rock music festival Amme Rock is held annually in Vasula .	annually
Eric The Red is the second full-length album by the Faroese Viking folk metal band Týr .	folk
During World War II it and the nearby community of Testa were the sites of massacres of Croat civilians by Italian occupation forces .	occupation
He would go on to become one of the greatest head coaches of all time .	greatest
The first recorded history of the site is in the mid 14th century in the " Record of Caernarvon " .	14th
He is president of the Royal Shakespeare Company and attends performances in Stratford-Upon-Avon , supports fundraising events and attends the company 's annual general meeting .	supports
Directed by Penny Woolcock , the film is street-cast and features no professional actors .	actors
Grigor has also written screenplays for all his films , and a number of exhibition catalogues to accompany his exhibitions .	exhibition
Almost immediately , the other lords began vying for power , but the contest was a short one .	contest
" Banking scholars agree that the Bank of England in the last third of the nineteenth century was the lender of last resort par excellence .	scholars
As with most bandicoots , the golden bandicoot has a rather long , flat , pointy nose .	flat
The long tome that was prepared for the synod concludes with a decree canonizing Palamas who had died in 1357 / 59 .	prepared
Created in 1971 by Josephine Forsberg , The Players Workshop was Chicago 's only official school of improvisation for over a decade .	decade
He was made a bishop by Pope Marcellus I ( or Pope Marcellinus ) , and sent to Ascoli Piceno .	bishop
Chung became the first non-white player to play at the Pebble Beach golf course in 1925 when he was invited to play the California State Amateur Tournament .	invited
Because HDTV requires more bandwidth , some transponders typically broadcast only 4-5 channels .	requires
The entry for " jiǎokuài " < Middle Chinese " kæwX-kwajH " 狡獪 " crafty ; joke ; play " exemplifies Xuanying 's detailed glosses .	entry
He totaled 18 goals and 22 assists in 68 matches ( 57 starts ) .	starts
Until it shut down in 2014 , Quizilla was a popular website for publishing RPF .	publishing
However , strengthening was short-lived because a sharp upper-level trough to the west of Karen increased the amount of vertical wind shear over the hurricane .	wind
Chun Soo-ro is a timid , geeky cartoonist with constant panic attacks and has debilitating phobia of all forms of social interaction .	constant
Milefortlet 25 is in the southern part of the town of Maryport near a modern industrial zone .	zone
Series Six of Bad Girls was considered the most successful series after the first three series as it performed somewhat better than the previous two .	somewhat
Conflicts emerged as some shops refused to participate in the hartal and were forced to shut down by protesters .	participate
Shortly following the establishment of Catalina , many other high schools opened in the more affluent suburbs of Tucson , including Rincon , and Canyon del Oro .	establishment
This marine species occurs in the Gulf of Panama .	marine
The surrounding terrain of the Barycz Valley Landscape Park is an important wetland reserve .	reserve
She was hydrocephalic , meaning she was born with water in the brain .	brain
Despite moving back to Australia , the Steggall siblings regularly travelled to the northern hemisphere to train .	regularly
The Jokili is a character that exists in Germany since 1782 , a mixture of jester and harlequin .	exists
Hence the House of Khachen is regarded as a cadet branch of the House of Aranshahik .	regarded
But he finds the " sustained polemic on behalf of libertarian anti-State ideas not a million miles from those of the US Republican Tea Party . "	ideas
On July 15 , 2014 , a teaser site appeared with a timer counting time for the game 's actual reveal .	actual
Steve Hillage , who Paterson had met while DJ-ing in London , also joined as a guitarist .	guitarist
In 1929 he paid his own way on an expedition to Australia , New Guinea and what is now Indonesia .	expedition
In it , Prešeren tied together the motifs of his own unhappy love with that of an unhappy , subjugated homeland .	tied
This prohibition is generally considered to be directed toward Christian and Muslim fundamentalists .	toward
Access to the country club is restricted to owners and renters of units in Pine Island Ridge and their guests .	owners
He first trained locally under Ludovico Trasi and then moved to work under Giuseppe Giosafatti and later Carlo Palucci .	trained
For example , fresh water threespine sticklebacks form a less dense and smaller opercular series in relation to marine threespine sticklebacks .	marine
A right-handed pitcher , Pole was tall and weighed during his playing career .	tall
The Gold level requires a hip score and a spine evaluation .	requires
By interviewing coaches and players the editors felt they got the inside " scoop " on who the " sleepers " were for an All-Pro Team .	felt
Wood had telephoned Ledez 's family to inform them of his intention to commit suicide .	suicide
It held around number 13 or number 14 on box office charts for an additional four weeks .	charts
In representing Roanoke in the House of Delegates , Butler served alongside Democrat Kossen Gregory until 1963 , then Democrat Willis M. Anderson .	representing
If there are any adjacent teeth , they are cleaned thoroughly to remove any possible source of irritation .	adjacent
After this guest performance , which formed part of the Heiner-Müller Werkschau , Stanev did not return to Bulgaria .	guest
In 1989 , Brodsky wrote his last poem to " M.B .	poem
In October 2011 , direct scheduled flights to Vienna , Dubai and Harbin were added .	scheduled
There are switches that listen to IGMP traffic and maintain a state table of which network systems are subscribed to a given multicast group .	maintain
He is on record as the second man to bench press 500 lbs , after Doug Hepburn .	press
There are offices , laboratories and a workshop on the second floor , and a conference facility that is available for rent .	offices
The last of these was at Kilsyth , which destroyed the last Covenanter army in Scotland and put the lowland towns at his mercy .	towns
The picture below shows a 5-String Corvette Proline ( Ser .	picture
The media intelligence platform uses Big Data to provide information for marketing and PR departments .	intelligence
Playing as the Axis leads to an alternate history of WWII , based on what-if scenarios .	leads
" Special routes of U.S. Route 11	routes
The bar within the building was built entirely of books , with the outside covered in tiles and books .	entirely
Van Beinum was born in Arnhem , Netherlands , where he received his first violin and piano lessons at an early age .	piano
Coventry Premier Limited owned a British car and cyclecar manufacturing business based in Coventry from 1912 to 1923 .	manufacturing
Zeolite is the primary active component and can range from about 15 to 50 weight percent of the catalyst .	weight
In older patients DSRCT can resemble lymphoma , peritoneal mesothelioma , and peritoneal carcinomatosis .	patients
Whaling there was halted in March 1945 when the islands were taken by US forces .	islands
In 1984 a 750 kV powerline with a single circuit for transport of energy produced in the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant was built .	transport
The marine threespine stickleback exhibits a larger and thicker opercular series .	marine
The main cabin is constructed of duralumin , both riveted and corrugated , which reportedly increases the strength and durability of the aircraft 's low-mass semi-monocoque fuselage .	strength
There have been at least 20 publications of the " Darkening Ecliptic " , either complete or partial .	publications
Eventually she would become responsible for refugees in 70 villages , and she asked her father for funds to build an orphanage .	funds
George Walsh ( March 16 , 1889 – June 13 , 1981 ) was an American personality in the early decades of the 20th Century .	decades
Flashing forward to the wedding weekend , Barney runs into woods in panic just before Marshall 's hand makes contact with his face .	contact
Past being broadly successful with women , the PAC initiative has partnered with the Peruvian parliament spurring the only anti-street harassment law in Latin America .	parliament
They knocked on every door , they made dozens of contacts , they wrote countless proposals and budgets .	door
Concerned with the safety of their neighbors , Goofy and Max infiltrate the pirate ship , climaxing with another run-in with Keelhaul Pete .	safety
In 1998 , France won the World Cup , and Houllier was recognised for his contributions to the game .	contributions
In 1983 he was promoted to deputy head of the General Reconnaissance Administration ( HVA ) , the foreign espionage arm of the Stasi .	deputy
It relies on replication and duplication within its multiple sub-databases in order to maintain its records up to date .	maintain
He also managed to get corporates such as Accra Brewery , Interplast Ghana , Vodafone Ghana and Zen Petroleum involved in supporting Ghana Rugby .	supporting
Franks has featured regularly in the broadcast and print media in recent years .	regularly
The similar North Sulawesi version replaces the thin flour pie crust with bread , and is filled with spicy " cakalang " ( skipjack tuna ) .	filled
While the city experienced the Great Depression , jobs in the ships yards and factories were still available , and the tenements were full .	experienced
The Electoral ( Amendment ) Act 2009 defined the constituency as :	constituency
These forms facilitate the illusion of the actual value of labor-power and the increase of productivity from the worker employed .	actual
The Office of Indian Affairs , on the other hand , worried about the effect of the shows on its assimilation policies .	policies
The following active airports serve the area around Montreal , Quebec , Canada , lying underneath or immediately adjacent to Montreal 's terminal control area :	adjacent
Lord Leigh is married to Jennifer Leigh and is father to two daughters .	daughters
Its slogan is " Paylaştıkça daha fazlası " ( Turkish : " Even more when shared " ) .	shared
Bond proceeds to the enclave , where he is met by Breed , who accepts Bond 's cover as a journalist .	journalist
Coma joined The Misfits in the fall of 1977 as the band 's first guitarist .	guitarist
On July 2007 , Calle 13 teamed up with Julio Voltio to speak out against police brutality in Puerto Rico .	speak
The absence of orientation gradients and other heterogeneities may prevent the formation of viable nuclei .	prevent
Police quickly confirmed , however , that the bodies were those of Clarke and Walters .	bodies
The distance from the Lanza station is 550 meters .	meters
As a songwriter , Liam is also noted for being the composer of the theme for the hit television program " 21 Jump Street " .	composer
This type of bailout bottle is typically placed in a holster that is attached to the diver .	attached
He invented the continuation to solve a double recursion problem for one of the users of his Lisp implementation .	users
The Plenary Councils of Baltimore were three national meetings of Catholic bishops in the United States in 1852 , 1866 and 1884 in Baltimore , Maryland .	meetings
Scale relativity proposes a geometric theory of gauge fields .	fields
All watches and warnings were discontinued on September 29 as Georges weakened to a tropical depression .	tropical
Existing houses are insulated , the layout is improved , and in many cases the kitchen and bathroom are replaced .	improved
Now there is a spin-off called " The Originals " , that goes into depth about the original vampire family from " The Vampire Diaries " .	depth
Cambria County ranked 1048th out of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income .	counties
The inflorescence is made up of one or more flower heads .	heads
Nonetheless , he criticized the philosopher when the latter refused to be decorated by King Carol I ( 1909 ) .	criticized
Ocleppo Hilfiger raised her two oldest boys in Monte Carlo after living in Europe for several years .	boys
Chief judge Yasushi Nakamura stated that the reporting was " slipshod in the extreme . "	judge
The Freshman , made up of season two overall runner-up Lydia Tan and female runner-up Carrie Yeo , performed on the seventh live show .	seventh
The fleet then conducted maneuvers in the North Sea before returning to Germany .	fleet
) , and in 1880 he entered on the general practice of medicine in New Haven .	medicine
It is implied that she is married , and her husband is set to go on a required business trip .	trip
His father was the journalist and political activist , Raphael Basch .	journalist
In June 1969 she sailed for WestPac and Yankee Station where she rescued one pilot from the water .	pilot
A full description and instructions on how to use all applications can be found on the CD-ROM .	applications
The condition tends to run in families , suggesting a genetic basis for at least some forms of hypermobility .	condition
The brand first released three cap-toe oxfords , including the Brando , the Cagney and the Grant , all made from Italian calfskin .	brand
Lovato performed the song on several occasions .	occasions
Ironclad Recordings , who in June 2010 released Early Graves ’ second full-length album titled " Goner " , has issued the following statement :	statement
The of 1694 was rebuilt in 1709 , but was reclassified as a sixth rate in 1711 .	rebuilt
Her choice was widely considered as a surprise .	choice
Currently it serves as offices for the county manager and his or her assistant , as well as the county attorney .	offices
He is a first cousin of R & B singers Brandy and Ray J , and WWE professional wrestler Sasha Banks .	cousin
Perkins gives one of them a horse as barter payment for guiding them across the river to an herbal healer .	horse
De la Cierva won the second prize of the 1988 Premio Planeta de Novela , and also wrote for the magazine " Época " .	prize
Africa is the leader in AIDS with close to 60 % of HIV victims and has been the leading cause of death in Africa .	victims
However , the regiment was short-lived , being placed in suspended animation in 1950 and subsequently disbanded .	regiment
However the male protagonist Akshay Kumar encouraged her in learning how to swim and she immediately started training with a special coach .	learning
Mohaymen 's dam Justwhistledixie was a successful racemare whose wins included the Davona Dale Stakes and the Bonnie Miss Stakes in 2009 .	wins
The nose angle is 124 ° for all models and a Mylar leading edge is optional .	edge
In 1969 , all leases for private fishing on the Saint Anne River were ceded by Cecile Wertheim to the Government of Quebec .	fishing
There is also a childcare system for infants , toddlers , and kindergartners , and adult education with a range of cultural activities .	adult
Music and film questions were often addressed to Levant .	questions
Alessandro Pinheiro Martins ( 1983 – December 6 , 2005 ) , nicknamed " Alessandro " , was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player .	soccer
This mosque is the first in the Raffles Place district and is unique due to the mosque being located underground .	underground
He had four touchdown receptions as well .	touchdown
Before the administrative reform in 2017 , the village was in Laimjala Parish .	reform
Reinstatement of the horse tramway was one such project .	horse
Action directe ( AD ) was a French far-left terrorist group which committed a series of assassinations and violent attacks in France between 1979 and 1987 .	committed
Others had also approached the Menlo Park police department suggesting ways to help the police by means of gunshot location systems .	ways
This extends the scope of the ionic model well beyond compounds in which the bonding would normally be considered as " ionic " .	beyond
The second production variant was the L-200D , modified according to Soviet Aeroflot demands .	modified
Qualification rule : The first five finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next five fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the final .	heat
It exploded killing several workers and seriously injuring Lethbridge whose left leg was blown off .	killing
The water of these lakes is remarkably clear and blue .	blue
There is also an Italian newspaper called " The Italian Times " printed by the Italian Community Center ( ICC ) .	printed
In May 2016 , Pierce endorsed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump .	presidential
Bhalubang literally refers bear ground .	refers
YouGov expanded its business in 2006-2007 by acquiring market research businesses in the Middle East , the United States , Germany and Scandinavia .	businesses
FHV-1 causes ulceration by direct infection of the epithelial cells .	causes
Serial compression is a technique used in sound recording and mixing .	technique
The sexual attraction to children appears to fall along a continuum instead of being dichotomous .	sexual
The man returns their pleas with several beatings from a club .	returns
Although they hadn 't recorded together for some time prior to her death , Rogers and West maintained a close friendship .	maintained
The Draugrs in the Saga have a mixture of characteristics that are " typical " of Norse ghosts .	typical
Another example of his verse would be this rhyme he wrote regarding a contract dispute :	regarding
Also in 2012 , they launched a footwear collection with Fila which debuted exclusively for the Chinese market .	debuted
" Bittersweet trip down the couple 's history and an epic rain kiss .	trip
" Charles Lawrence " arrived off the Hagushi beaches on 1 April 1945 , in the screen for a group of 20 transports .	screen
While Halifax was remote from the troubles in the rest of the American colonies , martial law was declared in November 1775 to combat lawlessness .	combat
He also participates in the Bach in the Subways classical music awareness campaign , conducting Bach in public spaces .	classical
Prior to the French Open 's start , Razzano 's fiancé and former coach Stephane Vidal died of a brain tumor .	brain
A prelapsarian community of goods , fellowship , and societal harmony would then ensue , directed by Weitling himself .	goods
Helping the Crunch advance to the second round , he recorded 2 goals and 5 points over 13 post-season games .	advance
Alonzo Lawrence ( born October 15 , 1989 ) is an American football defensive back who is currently a free agent .	defensive
In the poem , Stephen names Morgan Le Fay definitively as the sister of Arthur , and ruler of the isle of Avalon .	poem
They were thus able to rule their territories with a considerable degree of autonomy .	considerable
In general , the EMN received again a positive assessment and its relevance and coherence were considered as increasingly relevant under the policy-making framework .	increasingly
He attended many public functions to encourage co-operation with , and support for , the Queensland Police .	functions
In January 2015 , Bisco Misr joined the global Kellogg family .	global
Montgomerie was educated at the King 's School , a secondary school in Gütersloh , Germany run by the SCE for children of military personnel .	personnel
However he is painting a sign advertising gin , so his ragged appearance could equally reflect the rejection of the spirit by the people of Beer Street .	sign
Ren now serves as a deputy chairman of the Board of Directors , but he is not among the current three rotating CEOs .	deputy
Dorte Mandrup designed two community centres in connection with the facelift of the area .	connection
Robert Andler-Lipski published three poetry books :	poetry
The show featured and celebrated science , technology , and innovation in the New England area .	celebrated
Earlier Wilson married first wife , Anna , who died in the late 60 's due to complications from surgery .	surgery
A Second Wheeling Convention included 32 western counties , Alexandria and Fairfax County .	counties
Kendall ( John Hartmann ) is the Human Resources representative for corporate .	representative
Survivors designed a monument to Barbara , featuring her statement , " I , too , am a hibakusha . "	statement
Erectocolliuris is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :	containing
In the region of northern Macedonia at least 175 villages had derbendci status and enjoyed these kind of tax exemptions .	kind
has an integer solution x1 , x2 ... , xn iff GCD ( a1 , a2 .. , an ) divides c .	solution
He was a representative to the convention that wrote the first constitution for the State of Illinois in 1818 .	representative
Fire was a major hazard on the wooden warships of the time , which carried large quantities of flammable and explosive materials into battle .	wooden
A multi-use path known as the South Dade Rail Trail stretches the length of the Busway , connecting with the MetroPath at Dadeland South station .	path
Treacy pioneered new aesthetic and surgical treatments to help people with LD-HIV , a condition characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat associated with infection with HIV .	condition
On the mezzanine level are the Admirals Club and a chapel .	chapel
The young people secretly buy up all the choppers from each store at a price away below cost .	price
Secondary enclosures were located at lower levels and were also protected by water moats .	protected
It has eight gills arranged around the anus and its rhinophores are perfoliate .	arranged
AAI is a founding member society of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology ( FASEB ) .	founding
The album 's title was inspired by DiCaprio ; J.I.D has cited DiCaprio as his favorite actor .	cited
The website was inaccessible to visitors for a week until the host server upgraded the security system , and filtered traffic through anti-DDoS software .	visitors
The Broncos tied the game as kicker Jason Elam made a 23-yard field goal .	tied
With the match down to Sabin and Daniels , Daniels gained a near-fall after performing his signature Best Moonsault Ever aerial maneuver .	performing
Charu Thakur criticised the film but praised Warsi 's performance .	praised
It has an unusual eight-sided tower .	unusual
Lyndon LaRouche was a co-founder and one of the three members of the foundation 's board of directors .	foundation
Because of the variations in latitude and precipitation along this huge mountain range , the elevations presented here are gross generalizations .	huge
In October 2009 Venditti was criticized for asking , during a concert in Sicily , " Why did God create Calabria ? "	criticized
The character Harvey Preston shares his name with another character who would feature in " The Eagle Has Landed " .	shares
The environmental areas where Thailand performs worst ( i.e .	environmental
Organizations which have ceased operations are included and noted as defunct .	ceased
Flora Lucy Margaret Grierson ( 1899 – 1966 ) was one of five daughters born in Aberdeen to Mary and Herbert Grierson , a scholar and academic .	daughters
Hoboken experienced a wave of fires , some of which were arson .	experienced
Her debut studio album , " Chapter One " was released on 13 October 2014 and debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart .	debuted
The Ameson Foundation works to further education and cultural exchange through the following programs including :	exchange
T. S. Eliot included the poem in his 1941 collection " A Choice of Kipling 's Verse " .	poem
Marti finished second at the 2007 Deutsche Bank Ladies Swiss Open , losing to Bettina Hauert at the fourth extra hole of a play-off .	extra
The Orange Order vowed to gather its entire organisation at Ormeau Park if the parade there was banned .	organisation
Two examples of monsters confronted in the game are red dragons and giant spiders .	examples
In terms of religion , however , they are predominantly adherents of Christianity .	religion
In 1643 it was badly damaged in a siege during the Battle of Winceby .	damaged
A working group was formed in 1993 to draft the international standard and used the acronym SPICE .	draft
The adult moths fly from May to July .	adult
She lived in Greenwich Village for the last 37 years of her life , and played regularly at the nightclub " Village Gate " .	regularly
The second expansion , " Epic Uprising " , was released in December 2016 .	expansion
The hindwings are white , with a faint ocherous tinge toward the apex .	toward
It contained two parts , one at the current location and another one close to the Zemtsy railway station .	contained
Constance Bay is a population centre in West Carleton-March Ward in the rural northwest of the city of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .	northwest
Less hair is found on the neck , thighs and legs .	hair
The park would be supported by 132 pot-shaped structures suspended above the water , and would include a 700-seat amphitheater .	structures
After a three-year hiatus , Ford released a second generation of the SVT Lightning for the 1999 model year .	generation
Hawthorne is on the eastern boundary of Alachua County , and a portion of the city borders the Alachua – Putnam county line .	boundary
Agriculture was the mainstay of the economy .	economy
The situation became intolerable for Furtwängler .	situation
The last port of call for Logos II was Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago .	port
" Voyager " arrives to rescue the Doctor as Chellick 's orders are carried out .	orders
The state of Illinois agreed to maintain the site forever as a memorial to the vanished historic village .	maintain
The three winners plus the team that had a bye in this round reach the semi-finals , now played at a neutral ground .	winners
Its main activity is the organisation of an international conference , the " International Congress of Historical Sciences " .	organisation
Their assignments were primarily in PRR " Lines West " ( of Pittsburgh ) , especially after the introduction of the I1s 2-10-0 “ Decapods ” .	introduction
Use of technology across all grades and subjects .	subjects
Although initially well-received , sales of the vehicle dropped off at the end of the 1980s .	vehicle
As client – server computing was first getting started in 1988 , Vinzant , Inc. worked with Microsoft and Novell .	getting
The tested individual must also be able to answer questions on Water Safety and Rescue Techniques including Priorities of Rescue and Survival in Water .	questions
Basically , the more style you have , the less plot you need .	plot
Recent efforts have attempted to use " K. marxianus " in the production of food flavourings from waste products tomato and pepper pomaces as substrata .	attempted
He succeeded when the NJ Legislature of 1867 on March 14 , adopted " an act creating the Township of Kearny " .	creating
The poem is in the genre of " carpe diem " , Latin for " seize the day " .	poem
His brother , Haji Abbas bin Haji Abdul Samad , also regarded as prominent merchants in Kuala Lumpur and surrounding area .	regarded
The fort was designed by Giuliano da Maiano and built in 1471 in the form of a rhombus with four towers .	fort
The link between these hanging clusters and the volutes of the palmette is visually clear , but remains inexplicit .	link
A small tributary of the Creuse , the river Brézentine flows through the middle of the village .	flows
Both objects were then returned to their original positions on or near the wreck .	objects
However , an individual performer from a gharana may choose to borrow appealing stylistic aspects of another gharana in his or her gayaki .	aspects
Wu , his wife , and his children were executed .	executed
He was the son of an estate overseer and spent his childhood in the vicinity of Fischerhude .	childhood
All lyrics by Tobias Sammet .	lyrics
In particular , note the different shapes and vowel distinctions between ( ' book ' ) and ( ' beautiful ' pl . )	note
She took part in helping her hitman brother Drasius Kedys to avoid procecution for molest his own daughter .	avoid
Subsequent issues are available in electronic PDF format only .	electronic
When refined uranium-235 is obtained , the first atomic bomb is built and tested successfully in the New Mexico desert .	successfully
It would acquire the 39.06 percent stake in Towngas held by subsidiary Henderson Investment for HK $ 42.86 billion in cash and convertible notes .	notes
Dino de Laurentiis wanted Fonda to star in a science fiction sex comedy , " Barbarella " ( 1968 ) and she agreed provided Vadim could direct .	fiction
After the death of Urs Schild , his son Max took over the company and soon made a business trip to the United States .	trip
His most important publication was " De plantis libri XVI " ( 1583 ) .	publication
A legend about the origins of the castle was written by Wilhelm Hauff .	castle
Captain Leland Francis Stottlemeyer is a fictional police officer played by Ted Levine on the American crime drama " Monk " .	crime
The stadium is used by Fredensborg BI and " Fredensborg Atletik Forening og Pedalatleterne " , the Fredensborg Athletes ' and Cyclists Society .	stadium
A selion of land was typically one furlong ( 660 ft ) long and one chain ( 66 ft ) wide .	chain
the vice principal is the main head of academic activities.He / she is the main responsible person to administer and maintain academics activities .	maintain
Slits mediate cell communication in many diverse systems , regulating the guidance , cell migration and polarization of many different cell types .	communication
Elision of unstressed vowels ( usually ) is common in the French language and , in some cases , must be indicated orthographically with an apostrophe .	indicated
DE 20 comes to an intersection with DE 26 , at which point that route becomes concurrent with DE 20 .	intersection
The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind , and manifest Spirit , not a material body .	ideas
She later states " I 'm about to fill your cup / So we can get it right " .	your
CGView is written in the Java programming language .	programming
The first storm of the season , Subtropical Storm Andrea , originated from a large extratropical cyclone that formed off the mid-Atlantic coast on May 6 .	storm
Beginning on Thursday , February 7 , 2008 , auctions for these securities began to fail when investors declined to bid on the securities .	declined
This greatly concerned some Allied planners , since the communists could be expected to use their military power to take control of post-war government .	greatly
Daniels retained the title at the event over Williams .	retained
None proved outstanding , although the series produced by A.V .	proved
Contrary to its appearance , the Levi-Civita symbol is " not a tensor " , but a pseudotensor , the components transform according to :	components
The two platforms are on the slow lines .	platforms
Samples of her ceramic designs are exhibited in the Danish Museum of Art & Design .	designs
Later , electronic controllers were designed using various types of vacuum tubes .	electronic
Ptolemy I Soter destroyed the town of Marion in 312BC and removed some inhabitants to Paphos .	inhabitants
The BBC 's drama " Threads " uses them to give location , date and information on distant events beyond Sheffield .	beyond
Evans did not stand at the 1747 election .	stand
validated these processes on 4 June 2004 and received the Positio dossier from the postulation in 2007 .	processes
The archival collections at the Library include the Welsh Political Archive and National Screen and Sound Archive of Wales .	collections
I 'm an animal lover who wears leather shoes ; a vegetarian who can 't resist smoked salmon .	animal
This act placed more emphasis on law rather than good , causing the whole layer to fall into Mechanus .	causing
Many other Grenadian players have represented the Windward Islands cricket team domestically in the West Indies Regional Super50 , Regional Four Day Competition and the Caribbean Twenty20 .	cricket
The area of one furlong by one chain is one acre .	chain
The bridge sits atop the upper passenger lounge , and is offset to starboard .	passenger
In March 2007 , Fopp had difficulties rebuilding supplier contracts , and shut down a great number of the higher maintenance stores .	stores
He translated XXXIII of " Dantes Inferno " .	translated
Conversely , the antonym " unhip " connotes those who are unaware of their surroundings , also including those who are opposed to hipness .	opposed
Common messages from her books include the importance of kindness , selflessness , self-confidence and courage in the face of danger .	importance
He was sentenced to 16 months in federal prison on November 30 , 2012 .	sentenced
The first place of worship in Worthing , however , was an Independent chapel on the present Montague Street ( formerly Cross Lane ) .	chapel
After the enemy 's retreat , a pile of bamboo leaves piled up in front of the tombs of the king Michu .	enemy
He won the world title in 1970 and an Olympic bronze medal in 1972 .	bronze
Adults have been observed taking nectar from blossoms of guava , cheese shrub , hibiscus and wild coffee .	observed
There is a version of the music video featuring scenes from the movie Gigli released on MTV .	scenes
In the first series , the main plot involves a love triangle between surgical registrar Dr. Caroline Todd ( Greig ) , anaesthetist Dr .	plot
EOC makes full use of technology in the delivery of its courses .	courses
The Imperial was available with a choice of several Infinity sound systems , all with a cassette player .	choice
Its name means Quality based Project Organizer , as it claims to be Quality oriented ( hence the Q in the name ) .	claims
He engaged in the retail lumber business and also in road construction .	engaged
He earned 98 caps for the national team and scored 160 goals , winning the world title in 1974 and an Olympic bronze medal in 1972 .	bronze
In other words , business economics is concerned with the application of economic theory to business management .	application
It is written in the key of B minor with a tempo of 94 beats per minute .	minute
Ki-Zerbo as an historian has published books with endogenous development as the central theme :	historian
Thus the Cyrenaics believed in the hedonistic value of social obligation and altruistic behavior .	behavior
The band reformed for a number of concerts in the mid-1990s and found themselves with a loyal following .	concerts
for all " k " greater than or equal to 0 , where the right hand side is reduced cohomology .	equal
The college is noted as being one of the most ethnically and culturally diverse in the nation , with students from over 170 countries enrolled .	nation
Batman then finds a device planted in his computer , which lead him to seek his old friend ( and trusted mechanic ) Harold .	device
The poem was published as one of the set of martial poems called the " Barrack-Room Ballads " .	poem
He wrote in the " Hindu Patriot " , " The time is nearly come when all Indian questions must be solved by Indians .	questions
Hero achieved the highest Japanese TV drama ratings record in 25 years ( average audience share over the entire series = 34.3 % ) .	audience
Co-operative Childcare now operates 45 nurseries across the UK .	operates
Lyckeby also features an old flour mill , Kronokvarnen , which was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1998 .	mill
Tourism plays a major role in the economy as in any Florida beachside community .	economy
The following tables list the winners of " Movers of the Month " :	winners
He was involved in environmental issues , and various charities .	environmental
The city 's importance was evidenced by the construction of the lavish City Hall , completed in 1906 .	importance
The premises occupied that of a failed wire mill and the business started with a capital of £ 1,500 .	mill
The Heat made their fourth straight appearance in the NBA Finals in 2014 , but lost the series in five games to the San Antonio Spurs .	straight
Helmets , knee and elbow pads are required for all users .	users
The development of the middle class was caused by the increase in the bureaucracy and the economy .	economy
Most of these languages use the Myanmar ( Burmese ) script .	script
They made up the track right on the spot . "	spot
Brought up as a Catholic ( which he remained as an adult ) , he attended St Bede 's Grammar School in the city .	adult
The two St Johns stand either side of the throne .	stand
Opposite this is the brick house , designed as a cold-plunge bath .	brick
This suggests a marked preference of certain species of edible plants .	suggests
Gardner was a candidate to receive Abin Sur 's ring , but Jordan was closer .	ring
Many companies take the nature resources from the forest without legal permit .	resources
Birds such as raptors ( eagles , vultures ) , waterbirds and passerines are particularly affected .	affected
The word " Bhandup " is derived from the name " Bhandupeshwar " , which is one of the names of Lord Shiva .	derived
Retention rates over 90 % were reported in a 1960 study for NaCl solutions using stabilized graphene oxide membranes in reverse osmosis setup .	rates
Power dated light-skinned women , leading George Weiss , the general manager of the Yankees , to say that Power was " not the Yankee type " .	dated
Can-Am cars remain popular in historic racing .	racing
The company is also a major redistributor of foreign independent and electronic music releases in Hungary .	electronic
The U.S. court dismissed the action on December 10 , 2004 , pending resolution in the Canadian courts .	courts
Although the event began organically , it has grown to become one of the largest parties and social events in the city .	grown
Stockwell 's sister is historian Evelyn Welch , and his niece is singer and songwriter Florence Welch .	historian
There was strong reaction from the community as well .	reaction
It was followed by a musical slide show displaying the Samarkand region ’ s historical heritage .	heritage
It has thin , woody , shyly branching , upright , initially brown , later grey stems , with lance- to awl-shaped leaves crowded at their tips .	brown
His " Wind Over Sand " revised completely our understanding of Franklin Roosevelt 's statesmanship . "	understanding
The window will close on August 31 .	window
In 1972 he won the bronze medal with the Romanian team .	bronze
is the leader of the team , developing it after leaving the Wind SWAT team and winning the Fang Regalia in a battle against Agito .	developing
The Hertfordshire Golf and Country Club is a 16th Century house with later alterations and additions .	16th
The basal lip has a broad , prominent knob .	broad
He got an opportunity to work in a German film titled " The Girl With The Indian Emerald " , directed by Michael Karen .	opportunity
Aviv ( ) is a 2003 documentary film about the Israeli singer / songwriter Aviv Geffen .	documentary
The first opponent stood the German Borussia Neunkirchen for , a match which Elfsborg won both home and away with a total of 4 – 1 .	stood
Using programs running on the host computer , the user could create stationary programmable robotic Lego inventions using the older 4.5V system .	user
Growing up in a softball family meant that Takeda would bat six days a week with her dad and was offensively different from her sisters .	meant
In 1915 , she took her own dog team to explore the Beaver Lake area where she went on to stake her first claims .	claims
He was no longer royal archchaplain whose political influence was kingdom-wide and was reduced to the metropolitan of a distinctly Bavarian church .	royal
Spanish is the most spoken non-English language , followed by Arabic .	spoken
Cara , acting as the protector to Kahlan and Richard , leads Kahlan to Richard 's room to consummate the marriage between Drefan and Kahlan .	leads
She asks for Wesley 's help .	asks
( The Tungsten E2 uses 4kb blocks . )	blocks
Later on she attribute her free-range imagination and varying degrees of abstractionism to Muhlstock .	degrees
Local property owners were concerned that Cocoa Beach might annex them .	owners
At the appropriate point , a tone would sound , signaling the instructor to turn a knob , advancing to the next frame .	frame
Naval Reserve Force as a lieutenant , junior grade , in December 1916 and served in the Medical Corps .	junior
It was built about 1798 , and is a small , 1 1 / 2-story , five bay , frame dwelling .	frame
After the publisher stopped distribution , the assembler was disassembled and extensions where added by TFA , released without changing the name .	stopped
Timmy vehemently replies , " That 's what I 've been trying to tell you ! "	trying
He was prominent among those who attempted to develop some of the Boston Harbor Islands , and he had leased Deer Island .	attempted
Students of the senior school together and faculty are responsible for the good order of the school .	faculty
At Genesis , they lost the titles back to Beer Money in a 3-Way Dance , also involving Matt Morgan and Abyss .	involving
In October 1952 , the 83-year-old Nichols was admitted to Menorah Hospital in Kansas City to investigate a complaint with his neck .	admitted
Further additions were made up until the 15th century ; in 1871 , it underwent a restoration by William Butterfield .	15th
Seed and wing are appressed to the cone scale .	scale
However , electoral fraud was suspected , due to a lack of European Union or other independent oversight .	electoral
It features three separate panels , each depicting different stages of crop harvest .	stages
Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.33 and an inclination of 33 ° with respect to the ecliptic .	respect
Humor series of note were John Blair Moore 's " Invaders from Home ! ! !	note
Hoyer was succeeded as mayor in 1910 by M. B. Woodward , who was elected and served thereafter for nine years .	mayor
As a result , he 's able to synthesize disparate pieces that other people wouldn 't imagine fitting together until they saw the completed puzzle . "	pieces
He then proceeds to remove portions of the makeup , starting with a section of his chest to reveal the tattoo underneath , continuing to his face .	makeup
The nearby Illinois River provides panoramic views in many areas .	views
In 2009-10 the state provided $ 271.4 million in Accountability Block grants ; $ 199.5 million went to providing all-day kindergartens .	providing
Beginning in 1996 , the Liberty Bowl began an affiliation with the newly launched Conference USA , offering its champion an automatic bid .	offering
After many widespread rumours , it was announced that he was to become PAOK 's new president , on 18 June .	widespread
" QF 4-inch naval gun Mk XVI	naval
The RUC had fired 2,500 plastic bullets .	fired
The further you are away from the click the more easily you hear the metronome .	easily
She pressed charges and Dennis Speed , an FEF coordinator , said they would make Kissinger into " a laughingstock " .	charges
In 1865 , Ware became the first professor of architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .	architecture
A chair cover is a temporary fabric cover for a side chair .	temporary
Only one Quaker residence remains in Dartmouth and is believed to be the oldest structure in Dartmouth .	residence
The application is not yet available in other countries .	application
were one of the founder members of the Football League and the first team to be crowned English football champions .	champions
The imported coal would be hauled to the site via the nearby railway line .	coal
Zhu Ran and his men managed to hold their ground and even found a small opportunity to counterattack and destroy two Wei camps .	opportunity
" The Room " premiered on June 27 , 2003 at the Laemmle Fairfax and Fallbrook theaters in Los Angeles .	premiered
The majority of the mineral content was quartz , with about 5 per cent showing various quartzitic combinations : slate , limestone , limited flint or chert .	showing
" The New York Times " published a lengthy statement by Icardi given to the " Pittsburgh Press " .	statement
She had a complete waterline belt of wrought iron that ranged in thickness from amidships to at the ends of the ship .	iron
The Lahaina National Bank issued 1,772 large size banknotes for a total of $ 22,150 in circulating notes .	notes
The album cover shows Cantrell covered in mud standing waist-deep in a branch of the Boggy River .	standing
By early 1861 Maginnis owned the " Red Wing Sentinel " , while Phelps edited .	edited
Buckhead Beef also supplied meat to many of Trump 's hotel-casino properties .	properties
Central Government Employees Welfare Housing Organisation is an autonomous organisation of the Indian Government established in 1995 .	organisation
In the 1920s , home tailoring gained a foothold in Neuendorf and brought with it an economic upswing .	1920s
The three boarding houses ( SIRAJI , BHASANI & TITUMITR House ) are within one large three storied building , capable of accommodating 120 cadets in each .	capable
O 'Neil explained : " He would be a hot-tempered anarchist to contrast with the cerebral , sedate model citizen who was Green Lantern . "	contrast
As time passed , Queen Lalita started getting depressed for not having a child of her own .	getting
The " hôtel " is especially famous for its beautiful yellow onyx staircase , probably unique in the world .	yellow
Webber left the Government Architect 's Branch in 1974 to take up a position as full-time Commissioner in the New South Wales Planning and Environment Commission .	full-time
With these additions , Scientific-Atlanta had sales network that covered 40 countries and was supported by a worldwide service network that adjusted and repaired its instruments .	instruments
It originally starred Alastair Sim and George Cole .	starred
He is well known for his symphonies with over six hundred compositions at the time of his death .	hundred
Tölcséres followed in the mass exodus which many players leave .	mass
An orifice only works well when supplied with a fully developed flow profile .	flow
Most of the population ( 65 % ) live in rural villages dedicated to agriculture or pastures .	agriculture
Threshold timing behavior is subject to attack and release settings ( see below ) .	behavior
He is of Lebanese background .	background
“ Lynn Gunn is a force that cannot be denied , redolently poignant in both her most excitable and serene vocalizations .	denied
Through these electives , students are able to strengthen skills within the mechanical , electrical , or computer aspect of Mechatronics .	skills
She stated that she was hoping to raise $ 700,000 for City of Hope , a cancer-care center in California , United States .	raise
Despite this , Bailey decides to meet with Gem , against Callum 's objections .	decides
Gusty winds also occurred , though no wind damage was reported .	wind
The Revels were known for the hits " Comanche " and " Intoxica " .	hits
Fifty million Americans can easily be misled . "	easily
On April Fools ' Day , Riddler is attacked but left unharmed , so he could publicly tell that Falcone was actively looking for Holiday himself .	looking
Cocoa made major investments in the water supply and treatment facilities needed to produce a sub-regional water system .	supply
The park and preserve offer a variety of possible activities , including kayaking , rafting , fishing , hiking and camping .	fishing
The team 's strategies of using hip-hop music and arguing that policy debate is structured to disadvantage minorities were inspired by The Louisville Project .	debate
He is currently writing a history of the rise and transformation of the real estate industry in modern America .	rise
Elena and Isobel meet at the Grill while Stefan sits a few tables away for protection .	protection
It contained mainly local news and information .	contained
Almost half of the Population of the village is dependent upon agriculture	agriculture
Since the capitalist owns everything in the production process he is free to sell it for his own profit .	sell
The building has a gabled corrugated-iron roof and features a face-brick plinth and rough-cast stuccoed facade .	roof
Since being reformed in 2010 , Sheppey United have attracted their best support since the 1970s .	attracted
After his second , and even more punishing electoral defeat , Saxe left his home state in 1860 for neighboring Albany , New York .	electoral
The team , coached by Fernando Duró , defeated Libertad de Sunchales by 4 – 2 at the finals .	finals
As of 2012 , Topaz are the official betting partner of Azerbaijan Premier League and operate betting booths for all England and Football Association matches .	operate
The structure was built in 1964 – 67 , and the interior fitted out 1968 – 69 .	interior
But he better protect himself , " said Recchi .	protect
can be found through a common search interface .	search
Details of the 2008 Derry club competitions are also shown .	competitions
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
Rwanda sent athletes to the 2014 Games to compete in athletics , boxing , cycling , swimming and weightlifting .	compete
Union Marines landed , and fought their way up the beach .	beach
Today the island is uninhabited and classified as " conservation land " .	classified
This personality assessment , also known as MBTI , evaluates personality types and functions .	functions
The drake has a rich chestnut back , pale grey flanks and a salmon-coloured breast speckled in black .	rich
Human life is sacred because it is made in the image of God and has an eternal destiny .	image
It is the first and only cable ferry in the BC Ferries fleet and replaced the self-propelled MV " Quinitsa " in February 2016 .	fleet
His song Jawbreaker was put on the FIFA Street 2 soundtrack and is to date one of the strongest releases off the Elocution album .	soundtrack
By the 1970s , room for the ever-expanding collections was running out , and other premises were needed .	collections
She argued against the law which required married women to obtain permission from their husbands before beginning paid work outside the home .	argued
Roofs were usually peaked to deflect the rain and very heavy snow .	peaked
" 15th PMPC Star Awards for Television	15th
The right wing of the Austrians , next to the River Mincio , advanced very quickly and was targeted by the Italian artillery .	artillery
This led to criticism from then President Ronald Reagan , who stated that it would have been a lot cheaper to buy everyone a limousine .	criticism
On Lap 68 , Stewart dived into the inside of Lazier in Turn 3 and both drivers touched , the slight contact sending Lazier into the wall .	contact
After World War II , the textile industry collapsed rapidly .	rapidly
Bolognese is someone or something from the city of Bologna .	something
MacLeod was the uncle by marriage of Hollywood movie actors Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine whose mother was the sister of Virginia ( MacLean ) MacLeod .	actors
Ezhukunnu is a hill station on the bank of the Vellavu River .	hill
On the border of the northern aisle and the nave are placed paintings Enthroned Madonna and Jesus crowned by two angels from 1270 .	paintings
In the confusion , Angel gets the glove away from Darla , dons it and flies at the Senior Partner 's throat .	gets
This did not prevent the two lovers from being together .	prevent
The character has received mixed criticism , being compared unfavorably to similar characters from the series .	criticism
It has one of the highest in Azerbaijan for a daily newspaper , and quarter than half of sports readership .	quarter
Between 2011 and 2013 a number of these books were digitised in partnership with the State Library of Western Australia and are available to view online .	partnership
In the end it turns out that the kidnapping wasn 't Frank 's idea , but Desmond Rane 's idea , the bank manager himself .	turns
The Redmi 4 has a 5-inch 720x1280 pixels display , is powered by a 1.4 GHz quad-core processor , and has 2GB of RAM .	display
According to his bosses , it 's a zero-danger mission , but Reacher knows that things are rarely what they seem .	things
She was named by coach Roger Reijners in the Dutch squad for the 2015 FIFA Women 's World Cup .	squad
By the end of his life he would have over 33 patents , trademarks , and copyrights credited to him .	credited
The great jurist Henry de Bracton was probably born at Bratton , although his claim is also made for Bratton Clovelly .	claim
American State Bank did not accept any bailout funds from the federal government .	funds
Ramos totaled just eight goals and 36 assists in MLS play ( ten goals and 39 assists in all competitions ) .	competitions
The usage of the full nelson in combat sports is very limited .	combat
They lay five to eight cream / white eggs in a nest close to water , often under banks or thick cover .	banks
The book was adapted into a computer game by Living Books in 1992 .	adapted
Hulls and wingtip floats were finished with white enamel and larger engine radiators , oil tanks and top-plane fuel tanks were fitted .	fuel
Throughout the 20th century , the arts flourished in Louisville .	arts
Between 1999 and 2000 , she was Special Representative for Islas Malvinas ( Falkland Islands ) and Southern Atlantic Islands affairs , with the rank of ambassador .	rank
The raising club also was helped by people from the neighbourhood , who made their contributions .	contributions
She didn 't recover from that , and lost the next 2 games as well .	didn
He delved deeply in the recordings of Jelly Roll Morton and the early King Oliver sides with Louis Armstrong on second cornet .	recordings
Latrocinio 's confederate , Stratio , enters posing as the servant of a concerned knight who witnessed the attempted robbery from a nearby hilltop .	attempted
In 1990 , British heavy metal band Judas Priest was sued over a suicide pact made by two young men in Nevada .	suicide
The charge is justified by his public policy ; but the materials for appraising his personal character do not exist .	exist
They appointed a board of administration composed of officials from Chitral and the rest of Pakistan to govern the state in his absence .	officials
The main tank contains of water , and the animals can be viewed through acrylic windows or from the underwater tunnel .	windows
The newly restored Serbian Patriarchate also included some eparchies in western Bulgaria .	restored
" manipulated the baggage of big words with which the phony liberal school has been filling empty heads for fifty years on end " .	heads
The hydro- power plants are now currently controlled by the Turlock Irrigation District .	controlled
Its young branches are moderately hairy .	branches
Stanford University insisted in 1991 that Toshiba ’ s device infringed US Patent Re .	device
The plaintiff argued that the statute violated her right to privacy under the Ninth Amendment .	argued
Mahmud met with Gandhi , and afterwards apologized for writing the letter and letting down his friends and the movement .	afterwards
While secretary to Pōmare IV of Tahiti , he fell in love with her twenty-year-old adoptive sister Oehau .	secretary
Buddhism is the main and the most widely practised religion in Kurunegala .	religion
Wemyss followed in the armoured cruiser , and " Implacable " and the battleship accompanied him .	accompanied
These other platforms were closed in 1963 .	platforms
Crump would team with Billy Sanders to finish in fourth place in 1976 in Eskilstuna , Sweden , and seventh in 1977 in Manchester .	seventh
I-24 continues through a rural , largely agricultural area where it crosses into Grundy County and has an interchange with US 64 and SR 50 .	agricultural
Qualification rule : The first three teams in each heat ( Q ) plus the next two fastest overall ( q ) moved on to the final .	heat
He also urged all political factions to respond to the national reconciliation efforts and said that he had no prior knowledge of the crackdown efforts .	knowledge
The operation began on 6 February 1978 , beginning in the village of Sakkipara in the Sittwe District , where there were mass round ups of civilians .	mass
The Confederates were not equipped for siege operations and were running short on supplies .	equipped
Drohobych 's portrain by I.Marchuk , painter , a photocopy of his astronomic treatise , xerocopy of his lecture schedule in the Bologna University etc .	painter
He stayed with the Canadiens when the new NHL formed for 1917 – 18 .	stayed
A large traceried window is featured in this central section , and above this is a recent trefoil opening .	window
Rivard called himself an " honest broker " and indicated that he wanted to act " like a mediator , a gatherer of various groups . "	indicated
His internal organs were buried in Kosovo Polje and remain to this day in the tomb at the site .	internal
Fairings sizes as large as 7.2 m in diameter and up to 32.3 m in length have been considered .	diameter
This facet of a familial group is included in the practices of tharadavu .	practices
Corgan insulted Storm and suggested that Storm " may not be able to win the big one . "	suggested
A footnote defined slum to mean " low , unfrequent parts of the town " .	mean
In contrast to his " ladies man " personality , he has also a marked childish side .	contrast
It can win additional seats for every 2 % of the national vote until it reaches the three-seat limit .	limit
and the factor share devoted to capital is :	factor
Shakira has been nominated for 1 award for her collaboration with American-African singer Beyonce .	collaboration
In 1978 was Elfsborg in the UEFA Cup for the second time when they stood against the French sovereigns RC Strasbourg .	stood
He was survived by his wife , Myrna , and his parents .	survived
He concentrated instead on " Claponul " , which he edited and wrote single-handedly for the duration of the war .	edited
These threats to indigenous ways of life are a familiar occurrence in the field of anthropology .	ways
The inaugural Sugar Bowl football classic was played on January 1 , 1935 .	classic
She graduated eighth grade from Watchung 's Valley View School in 1978 .	eighth
The Moodys ' daughter Mary helped run the foundation from its inception until her death in 1986 , and members of the family are still involved .	foundation
Since then , Eyadéma has reemerged with a sure grip on power , controlling most aspects of government .	aspects
Many Catholic and Anglican parish churches are also to be found throughout the city .	churches
Emma enters and is chastised for wearing makeup by Liza .	makeup
There was no known prehistoric contact between Australian Aboriginal people and New Zealand Māori , although the Polynesian ancestors of Māori were accomplished navigators .	contact
" It 's always been paradoxical that it 's pushed down people 's throats that we 're a goth band , " Smith observed .	observed
He had previously filled in for her when she was on holiday before the summer .	filled
Denis Wright , OBE ( 22 February 1895 – 20 April 1967 ) was an English composer and conductor of brass band music .	composer
Analyst Nate Cohn noted that a strong approval rating for President Obama would equate to a strong performance for the Democratic candidate , and vice versa .	rating
These can also be marked at certain levels for junior exams and general assignments as well as exams once the student has started NCEA .	junior
He was sentenced in February 2010 to nine years in prison and released in 2018 .	sentenced
An upper-level low to the west caused strong southwesterly wind shear , which inhibited development .	wind
Later DJ Gruff dedicates himself to the production of underground projects ( Puruchan battle breaks , Tiffititaff , The Worst Hits of Gruffettalco and many others ) .	underground
At this tournament , he played 3 matches as defensive midfielder .	defensive
She was awarded a contract with WWE after co-winning the second series of the reality television show " Tough Enough " .	reality
President Cheng-I Weng and Vice President Hung-Shan Weng saw the opportunity for building a museum that would also exhibit the collection in the university 's possession .	opportunity
Immacolata generally refers to the Catholic doctrine of the Immaculate Conception .	refers
The small river Sédelle , a tributary of the Creuse , flows through the town .	flows
Trump was featured on the June 2007 issue of the " Sharper Image " magazine to promote Trump Steaks .	promote
It had been controlled by Yasuo Yamamoto , an anti-nuclear protestor from Fukui Prefecture .	controlled
He appeared in 2,033 games and recorded 2,011 hits , 234 homers and 978 RBI while scoring 1,083 runs .	hits
Okhotsimsky was one of the 5 initiators of the creation of the Department of Control and Applied Mathematics at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology .	creation
Over Worton has had a parish church since at least the 13th century .	13th
All of the laboratories became the Health and Safety Laboratory in 1995 , and it was managed as an arms length Agency of HSE for 20 years .	arms
Smallpdf partners with Solid Documents for PDF to Office libraries , as well as with PDF tools .	tools
The Sultan used Lamu Fort as a base for defeating the Mazrui rebels in Mombasa , and for establishing control over the East African coast .	defeating
Dale Adam Dye Jr . ( born October 8 , 1944 ) is an American actor , technical advisor , radio personality and writer .	technical
The competition consisted of two rounds , qualification and final .	rounds
The main object of the study is to compare the current Medtronic 670G system to a new Medtronic-developed system .	object
Furthermore , it provides information on treatment and preventive measures .	measures
For example , frog skins , squirrels , bats , snakes and chickens are employed to create a wearable piece .	piece
Naidu also spoke out against the Fiji Human Rights Commission for supporting the coup .	supporting
She spent her childhood in Iran .	childhood
Volunteers engaged in various tasks during the construction process .	engaged
In 2003 Francisco released " The Promises " , which consists almost entirely of selected and paraphrased readings from the Bible .	entirely
A farming area comprising a small village and several hamlets situated some northeast of Guéret , at the junction of the D9 and the D81 .	northeast
The gluteus muscle helps to prevent the upper trunk of the body from " pitching forward " or falling over .	prevent
The magazine claimed to use " academic and primary research " in producing its content .	producing
Alfresco is capable of the following :	capable
José Simeón Luján ( born March 19 , 1991 ) is a Spanish basketball player , who plays the point guard position .	guard
In hindsight , Parker and Stone felt that the two storylines used in this episode should have been split up into two separate episodes .	felt
Sudās ( ) was an Indo-Aryan tribal king of the Bhāratas , during the main or middle Rigvedic period ( c . 14th century BCE ) .	14th
By contrast , the worker demands a limited working day .	contrast
In 2012 , in collaboration with the town of Szczawnica , the last part of this long-term and passionate project – the regeneration of the Dolny	collaboration
The operation only lasted a single day and ended with a Macedonian victory against the Albanian insurgents .	lasted
But , descendants of a Cherokee father and white mother could have no true place in the tribe , as they would not belong to a clan .	tribe
The conflict with the British , which had reached a crisis during the Gardiner administration , was still unsolved .	conflict
This Italian master was identified by the American art historian Everett Fahy who wrote about a work by him in The Burlington Magazine in 1967 .	historian
Nevertheless , Oda hoped the fans would enjoy playing as him .	fans
The European Community Humanitarian Aid Office donated about € 800,000 ( $ 944,000 USD ) to the country .	donated
For example , Ivan Vasilievich is unable to dance the mazurka due to his absence during the procedures determining the dance .	unable
This resulted in the layoff of fourteen personnel .	personnel
Males had a median income of $ 24,286 versus $ 31,250 for females .	versus
A police officer who was with Arthur Lawson ran down to discover Charlie 's body along with letters to his parents .	letters
Shortly after midnight , a 25-year-old woman suffered a fractured bone after being shot in the leg by a live round fired from New Barnsley RUC base .	fired
Near the town hall there is a basin formed by the resurgence of the Laigne River .	hall
2019 - still moored at her berth at Woolwich and increasingly derelict	increasingly
The responsibility rests with his Council " .	responsibility
At the JP Morgan Library the cards are kept in transparent envelopes so they may be examined without handling them .	cards
At the Copa Claro Colsanitas in Bogotá , Colombia , Garcia won her maiden WTA tour singles title , beating the defending champion and former world No .	defending
Additional outside stalls are set up in the warm weather months .	weather
The competition was started in 1981 and has been adjudicated by Portland Stage since 1999 Portland Stage has adjudicated the competition on a 3-year cycle .	cycle
Grant can use various weapons , including a tranquillizer gun , a stun gun , flash grenades , gas grenades , and a rocket launcher .	weapons
In 1960 , Slobodskoy District was abolished and merged into Demidovsky District .	merged
or in service settings such as senior centers , elder facilities , and group homes .	homes
Clinical trials do , in general , tell a good deal about how well a drug works .	drug
Its natural habitat is caves .	habitat
The school welcomes both traditional learners and those with mild to moderate learning challenges — dyslexia , ADHD , anxiety , and organizational and attentional issues .	learning
Mangum died at his family estate in Red Mountain , an unincorporated area of Durham County , on September 7 , 1861 .	unincorporated
These can replace the ESP when particulate emissions are the only concern .	replace
Veteran director K Balachander who has won several accolades for memorable films was part of his troupe where he acted and wrote scripts .	acted
Italian driver Daniel Zampieri won the title at the last round in Monza .	driver
During his tenure , a lot of measures were taken for the economic development of Mysore .	measures
The source address is irrelevant to the router .	address
In May and June 2007 , Knight had his sights set on entering the NBA and even had a work-out with the Los Angeles Clippers .	entering
His brothers Agnibhuti and Vayubhuti , both scholars of distinction , also became Ganadharas of Lord Mahavira .	scholars
He was selected by the board for his experience with the integrated care model and his vision for carrying it out .	carrying
He first went to the Industrial Bank and threw a grenade near the loan department .	loan
His interpretations of criminal law were pivotal in the development of Fiji 's justice system .	criminal
Following his defeat at the polls , Pinochet and opposition forces agreed to revise the 1980 Constitution .	opposition
Ron Hynes ( December 7 , 1950 – November 19 , 2015 ) was a folk singer-songwriter from Newfoundland and Labrador .	folk
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
There are two audio visual labs in the campus .	visual
Bojovic played college football at Central Michigan before embarking on a career in professional football which lasted nine years .	lasted
It is a feminist issue in so far as we are women , even though we are treated like criminals .	treated
Maryovsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
The top eight finishers qualified for the Candidates tournament .	qualified
Apparent macroglossia can also occur in Down syndrome .	occur
He set up his own town planning consultancy , and was President of the Town Planning Institute in 1932-33 .	planning
Some manufacturers employed weavers in their homes and in weaving sheds .	homes
One building on Ramses Street in Cairo was specifically targeted .	specifically
As a result of Snowden 's disclosures , the notion of Swedish neutrality in international politics was called into question .	question
HR 8752 may be such a star , and may never make it beyond its current evolutionary state before exploding .	beyond
A decorative leadlight fanlight is located above the entrance .	entrance
The key goal is to maintain low HIV prevalence among the population and all vulnerable sub-populations of Jordan .	maintain
As he was leaving the port another trabaccolo approached and before " Porcupine " could intercept it , Price had captured it too .	port
On December 18 , 2013 , Mourani surprised citizens by announcing that she had renounced sovereigntism .	citizens
It was followed by a stampede soon after , which caused majority of injuries .	injuries
They were also armed with two submerged torpedo tubes .	armed
Whoever imagines violence will make the state and Egyptians kneel must reconsider ; we will never be silent in the face of the destruction of the country .	violence
In 1939 he got his PhD in pharmacology , his doctoral thesis dealt with pharmacology of respiratory analeptics and synthesis of originally soviet drug cytiton .	drug
On January 30 , 1935 she married Morris who was encouraging to her artistic career .	artistic
3 Mil Mi-14 ( stored in non-flyworthy condition )	condition
In Birmingham it was withdrawn from the Odeon Cinemas chain , on the advice of the West Midlands Police .	chain
XII on alienable lands on the public domain ; Section 7 , Art .	lands
A rare exception to the interspersal policy was in Waiwhetu in Lower Hutt , where state houses were built around a central marae .	rare
The gene for K2.3 , KCNN3 , is located on chromosome 1q21 .	gene
The salvors eventually succeeded that morning in raising the " Antelope " , and pumping it out .	morning
Awardees deliver a lecture at Baylor University and their name is put on a plaque with Plantinga 's image in the Institute for Studies in Religion .	image
Clark started at the back of the grid for the final , with Ginther , Taylor and Hill forming the front row .	forming
It was used for most of World War II by the United States Army Air Forces as a primary ( level 1 ) contract pilot training airfield .	pilot
It is without doubt from a very large and flight-capable bird , but little else can be said about it .	bird
When Goh Chok Tong became Prime Minister in 1991 , he introduced the " asset enhancement " programme .	programme
The series portrays life in the 1920s Berlin of the Weimar Republic .	1920s
It proved unstable and crashed on its second flight .	proved
Oliva revealed that he would not travel with the Trans-Siberian Orchestra during their European tour in a statement released in March 2011 .	statement
His body was put on display at the Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital near Blantyre as a warning to other potential insurgents .	display
For instructors on the lowest pay rate ( around 50 % of the workforce ) this meant a 13.3 % pay increase for those lessons .	meant
Supernatural powers seem to be involved .	powers
JINA-CEE created two virtual journals in order to meet the need for coverage of this broad-based information .	coverage
When Jim finds out , he returns home to win Steve over .	returns
There are interests clubs as well , including Red Cross Club , Amnesty International , and Students Advocating Change .	interests
This area was used for status messages and entering commands .	entering
After his promotion Mosby and his raiders then made their way to Herndon Station on March 17 , 1863 .	promotion
There were 1,700 employees , mainly female , with many more employed on a seasonal ( especially pre-Christmas and pre-Easter ) basis .	employees
The children from nearby villages come here to learn and study .	learn
No battle was fought and the Franks left in exchange for the release of hostages and remission of ransoms .	exchange
A series of ecumenical councils were held over a period of several centuries to try to formalize these doctrines .	centuries
She was a guest of Bianca Gascoigne , who is a family friend and who also auditioned for " The X Factor " in 2012 .	guest
In the industrial sector , phosphates are Togo 's most important commodity , and the country has an estimated 60 million metric tons of phosphate reserves .	sector
Athletes start with a qualifying round .	qualifying
However , some functions that in many other states are performed by county governments are still handled by county legislative delegations in South Carolina .	functions
And they sell enough records to do that .	sell
A music video for " St. Jude " premiered on 23 March 2015 .	premiered
There had been a strong protest from members of the Anti-Transportation League and Sir John Eardley-Wilmot had been recalled for his failure to administer .	failure
From 1989 to 2001 , the channel held cable television rights to the New York Yankees Major League Baseball franchise .	franchise
The second largest recreational zone is the Kearny Playground at Gunnel Oval .	zone
Viveros de Coyoacán is a combination tree nursery and public park which covers 38.9 hectares in the Coyoacán borough of Mexico City .	combination
Increasing anti-German hysteria even threw suspicion upon the British royal family .	royal
Once the prey is entrapped by the peduncular glands and digestion begins , the initial flow of nitrogen triggers enzyme release by the sessile glands .	flow
Gen. George A. Custer 's division holding the Robinson River west of Culpeper Courthouse .	holding
The Verseghi family crypt is located in the castle park Verseghi .	castle
He also served as visiting professor at foreign universities in the United States , the United Kingdom , France , Germany , the Netherlands and Turkey .	universities
Luka and Serena grow closer and he tells her about the fire he started .	grow
Examples include the waiving of duties and tariffs to the merchants of New York City after the Great Fire of New York ( 1835 ) .	duties
The new feature was transformations , but in addition to dispatch Mobilia serious , the building did not suffer irreversible damage .	serious
After Angel promises not to lie to her anymore , she asks him if they were in love .	asks
Additionally , physiological or chronic stress is strongly correlated in women being underweight .	strongly
In 1964 / 1965 the steam locomotives were retired and replaced by diesel locomotives .	steam
Both decay to secondaries which interact with chemical bonds .	chemical
Amy and Jessica get along until they suffer a brief misunderstanding .	brief
It is maintained in cooperation with the Sussex County Historical Society and Sussex County Sheriff 's Office .	maintained
Initially rebuffed , the attack was renewed with artillery fire , and then rebuffed again .	artillery
ISPSD ( International Symposium on Power Semiconductor Devices and ICs ) is a conference held annually on a wide range of power technologies .	annually
In that game , he had two kickoff returns for 46 yards and one special teams tackle .	returns
Janis Joplin 's 1968 version with Big Brother and the Holding Company has been highly praised .	praised
It was through these early Jewish communities that the Khazars converted to Judaism making it their state religion .	religion
Some of these skills include the following ( Kinzer , 2003 , para .	skills
The earliest recorded history of the general vicinity is associated with the now ruined Chellah along the estuarine portion of the Oued Bou Regreg .	earliest
The ERIC consortium provides a network of relations between scientists from various countries , and between scientists and industries in the field of research .	relations
It is now controlled by Greene King Brewery .	controlled
Again , hardware limitations of the LINC-8 make it hard to achieve a total size of more than 8K total .	achieve
The Holy Eucharist , Rite II , is celebrated Sundays at 9 a.m .	celebrated
An accompanying interview with the writer , titled " Know Your Enemy - Stephen Poliakoff in Conversation " , was broadcast on 1 December 2016 .	interview
Kirsten 's biggest success was the victory of the 1992 – 93 DFB-Pokal .	biggest
Population : 23,909 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Chulym accounts for 48.4 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
The ships also contributed to the continuing enforcement of the Iraq sanctions .	contributed
The strongly septate-nodulose deep-green leaves are often longer than culms and have a width of .	strongly
A number of other domain-based and cross-domain research and operational observing systems also provide important contributions and encompass both in-situ and satellite observations .	contributions
Nick Krewen of " Toronto Star " wrote that Drake raps lines " about a sexual tête-à-tête amidst a melee of scattershot rhythms " .	sexual
The company discontinued the smartphone 's sale in India in favor of the successors Redmi 2 and Redmi Note .	sale
Sripati 's analysis places Lingayatism in a form closer to the 11th century Vishishtadvaita philosopher Ramanuja , than to Advaita philosopher Adi Shankara .	11th
She was involved in aviation in the United Kingdom and the United States in the 1910s and 1920s .	1920s
Fromm characterizes this as a dialectic historical process whereby the original situation is the thesis and the emancipation from it the antithesis .	situation
In 1916 they offered a 3-speed transmission on their cycle .	cycle
During late 2010 , Daniel started producing and co-writing Dutch artist Anneke van Giersbergen 's fourth studio album " Everything is Changing " .	producing
Since the official announcement of the find in 2007 , only two further objects have been brought up for analysis .	objects
Eventually , steam power was used to supplement the water power .	steam
A Democratic-Republican and ally of Governor Ninian Edwards , he served as the representative of the Illinois Territory in the United States Congress from 1814 to 1816 .	representative
Residents of [ Delaware County ] have a different identity from residents of Amish Country , ” he said .	identity
He was frequently asked to play in several San Francisco jazz clubs .	jazz
The year 1890 also represented a momentous point , when at the National School of Bridges and Roads a new commission was set up .	commission
The white sturgeon historically ranged from the mouth of the Columbia River to the Kootenai River upstream to Kootenai Falls , Montana .	mouth
It was the first album where the individual band members were given credit on the inner sleeve for the songs they had written .	credit
This profile would carry over into the final " Dunkerque " design .	carry
Due to its size , family activities were limited so Meyer watched lots of television and read " Mad " magazine .	read
Since 2017 , the electoral commissioner has been Mick Sherry .	electoral
Finn heals his foot and then runs throughout the forest , restoring life to those that he hurt .	foot
In Haiti , the rainfall caused 13 deaths and left thousands of livestock killed .	thousands
In some cases , even the dialogue stayed unchanged . "	stayed
That place is Presidio Terrace , " according to a 1906 brochure distributed by the developer .	distributed
He gave a new direction to methods of historical research .	methods
Overall in 2017 , the network carried a total of 151 million passengers .	passengers
The coroner 's inquest returned a verdict of deliberate murder .	murder
Since the hull is intact and the sinking occurred suddenly , the wreck contains a multitude of objects that are interesting to archaeologists and historians .	objects
The band is recognizable due to their makeup and costumes , with each member having an onstage persona .	makeup
She majored in philosophy at New York 's City College , where she received her B.A .	philosophy
After the War she became a French-owned fruit carrier , before being wrecked off Cape St. Vincent in 1922 .	fruit
Steve Hinton is an American aviator who held a world speed record from 1979 to 1989 and won six Unlimited-class air races , including two national championships .	championships
These days Raj Comics have published three parallel series of Nagraj , where each Nagraj is involved in a different universe .	parallel
To boost the didactic value of the collections , a project that respected the most current museographic tendencies was developed .	collections
He totaled 82 tackles ( 30 solo ) , 10 sacks , 13 tackles for loss , four forced fumbles and six passes defensed as a senior .	passes
The Transformers theme tune for the film was performed by Lion with " Weird Al " Yankovic adding a song to the soundtrack .	soundtrack
Lookalikes include " Boletus flammans " , a lighter-colored species that grows with conifers .	grows
Doherty stepped down on mutual grounds with the club in June before former Shelbourne captain Owen Heary took over as the new manager .	grounds
The journalist James Douglas , who had previously incited prosecution for indecency of The Rainbow by D. H. Lawrence , wrote in the magazine London Opinion :	journalist
Bucketfeet similarly produces on-demand products and has their own network of artists .	produces
The existing HT10 transmitter now serves as a backup facility located at the BTQ Seven tower , away from Channel Ten on Mount Coot-tha .	existing
The series brings the audience through the musical journey of the youths and how it has made a positive influence to their lives .	audience
The habitat location has been mentioned as " Gaboon " .	habitat
Mouton said that he and Miller " stayed close friends " by keeping politics and friendships separate .	stayed
The people of Thomasville , understanding the usefulness of a public library , established a new and larger place for it .	understanding
After gaining popularity , they released their first album , " Shut Up and Listen to Majosha " in 1989 .	popularity
The provincial capital of Riau Province and its largest city is Pekanbaru .	provincial
There , Tulsans line the hill to cheer them on , chug beers and parade around in costumes .	hill
Later that evening , Emily discovers the flower that Tommy made vanish inside a bucket of ice cream .	evening
They were edited by Nils Erdmann and Nils Sjöberg in six volumes and published from 1912 to 1919 .	edited
However Esat Digifone was not part of the operations integrated with BT 's existing Irish operations .	existing
In New York , Carrillo also wrote the " Thirteenth Sound Theory " which was published later in the second volume of " Musical Talks " .	volume
It is a two part two-story brick building built in 1910 .	brick
Despite these criticisms , Baillargeon 's work continues to be influential in developmental psychology .	influential
From 2001 , she served as a production assistant , and rose through the ranks .	rose
Ni is also a leader and senior advisor of energy strategy , technology , policy for Chinese government .	strategy
He spent several weeks in Egypt in 1892 , and wrote down everything that he did and learned .	learned
It has an average elevation of and is situated in Salcete .	elevation
It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period .	dating
It is used to measure either how well an individual metabolizes glucose or how sensitive an individual is to insulin .	measure
This was followed up by a brace of penalties in another qualifying win in October 2013 , this time against Lithuania .	qualifying
Windows are lancets , some with decorated glass .	glass
Whirled News Tonight is a weekly improvised satire that performs in the I.O .	weekly
She created the site due to her concerns that other children may have been fathered by Lippert .	concerns
Early in the race Ryan Briscoe broke his wrist in an accident .	accident
Alan Scott usually fought common criminals in New York City with the aid of his magic ring .	ring
Thrasher established a new website which housed over 170 " Space Moose " comic strips , including " Clobberin ' Time . "	comic
The Canadian-American Challenge Cup , or Can-Am , was an SCCA / CASC sports car racing series from 1966 to 1987 .	racing
A few steel workshops , flour mills , and dairy farms have been set up .	steel
In fact , Liparit became the master of nearly half of the Georgian kingdom and the most powerful dynast in the country .	powerful
Si is successful in going back to 1882 , at first very briefly , and then a second time he is able to take Kate with him .	briefly
In Romanian Orthodox Church there are six regional metropolitans who are the chairmen of their respective synods of bishops , and have special duties and privileges .	duties
Pulse oximetry also is not a complete measure of circulatory sufficiency .	measure
La Foret is an unincorporated populated place in El Paso County .	unincorporated
The 1 – 0 victory gave Sligo Rovers their first ever cross border title since they were formed in 1928 .	cross
Software developers can use these models as a basis for the implementation of software architectures and applications .	applications
A Tribute To Amália Rodrigues ( also known as Nova Sintra ) is a compilation album in tribute to Amália Rodrigues .	compilation
In Jemez the makeup of verbs is :	makeup
The Vickers microindentation test is carried out in a similar manner welling to the Vickers macroindentation tests , using the same pyramid .	tests
Oreja was the best known single victim of the 1934 revolution in Spain , as no other parliamentary deputy was killed during the turmoil .	deputy
If no cross product terms are introduced in the White test procedure , then this is a test of pure heteroskedasticity .	cross
The bonefishes are brackish or saltwater fish typically living in estuaries and travelling out to sea to spawn on a lunar cycle .	cycle
At the 2000 census , there were 473 people , 181 households and 131 families residing in the town .	residing
Anthony wrote or co-wrote other books , among them " The Big Cage " with wild animal trainer Clyde Beatty .	animal
At the end of 1943 year has increased the frequency of the bombing of Berlin .	frequency
Peter Dyck 's personal papers are kept at the Mennonite Church USA Archives in Goshen , IN .	papers
Sport fishing is permitted by the park administration .	fishing
In addition , each metric tensor component " g " with respect to any basis is the dot product of a pairing of basis vectors :	respect
Basic functionality can be achieved in less than ten lines of code in situations where default behavior is acceptable to the programmer .	behavior
The highest point in the valley is Carnahan Lake .	valley
She simply repeated over and over that she was falsely accused .	accused
Mahashivaratri festival is celebrated very grandly .	celebrated
While Millennium 's high school has no boundary , previous Millennium Middle students have priority for admission .	boundary
Ehrlich refused to leave out measures considered by Simon to be immaterial .	measures
Some held out for three days but agreed to convert after Timur offered them the choice between death and Islam .	choice
Toin Adams , born in Kitwe , Zambia , is a sculptor working in steel , acrylic , fibreglass and other media .	steel
According to Trotsky : " The damaging of machines by workers , for example , is terrorism in this strict sense of the word .	sense
The snapper creates a crackling / clicking noise similar in mechanism to the normal snap but louder in practice .	normal
Also debuting new colours of blue and red .	blue
The coniferous and deciduous forests of North America have long been the home of bald eagles .	forests
He received his BSc ( 1958 ) and PhD ( 1962 ) degrees from the University College London .	degrees
It is a blue-white B-type main sequence dwarf with an apparent magnitude of + 5.18 and is approximately 278 light years from Earth .	sequence
According to Ara Sarafian , " parts of the main church collapsed , while other parts were significantly weakened .	significantly
In Tyre , the high priest of Melqart ranked second only to the king .	priest
Emergency services are dispatched from the town 's communications center , staffed by four full-time and five part-time dispatchers .	full-time
In 1835 King William I of Württemberg gave the castle to his adjutant Colonel von Fleischmann .	castle
After further discussion , the church established a committee to investigate the feasibility of a Christian school and later to begin the development of the school program .	begin
Grossman spent most of his first three NFL seasons with the Chicago Bears sidelined with injuries .	injuries
With 7 km to go Moreau was driving the pace with Spaniard José Antonio Redondo .	driving
The ability of the corporation to restrict access to the water has been questioned on numerous occasions .	occasions
To bolster the forces , he reduced the garrisons at Dublin and Wexford significantly .	significantly
In 2015 , the International Economic Development Council gave Stabenow the Congressional Leadership Award " for her significant contributions in the area of economic development . "	contributions
Some results from these elections are included on this page .	page
For operational purposes CFS is divided into three regions : Central , Eastern and Northern .	purposes
Braha began regularly posting photos on Instagram in February 2014 .	regularly
William Severn ( Los Angeles , 17 January 1938Ventura County , 26 March 1983 ) was an American child screen actor .	screen
They became Sweden 's new offensive weapon .	offensive
Thus the processor is capable of processing up to 64 concurrent threads .	capable
She is also known for entrenching social issues of gender , race , and politics into her work of all genres .	gender
After Princeton he worked full-time at his father 's firm , Bomont Industries and went to law school at night , earning a degree in 1964 .	full-time
Design considerations for chairs have been codified into standards .	standards
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
She concluded that Divine Mind was the healer :	concluded
In his later teens he was in the 1990s indie band The Pocket Devils as bass player and lead singer / songwriter .	bass
Nour signed a peace agreement with Déby in Tripoli , Libya on December 24 , 2006 , speaking of the need for reconciliation .	peace
Tolkien fandom in Russia grew especially rapidly during the early 1990s at Moscow State University .	rapidly
At the Larnak Way interface in West Belfast , loyalists tried to enter the nationalist area at 3am .	enter
Free throw attempts , 5-game series : 76 , vs. Philadelphia 76ers , 2001	attempts
The Bambino is a breed of cat that was created as a cross between the Sphynx and the Munchkin breeds .	cross
Before every match , the group reaches the stadium early to setup tifos , banners , and balloons .	stadium
On returning to service on 29 September 1934 , " FK " Karl Dönitz , the future commander of the Kriegsmarine , took command of the ship .	commander
Meanwhile , Joshua does some work in the recording studio and cruises the internet to " shop for dudes . "	shop
has adult children from previous relationships and has been married to Lori Carnes since 2012 .	adult
He was one of the candidates to succeed Péter Medgyessy as prime minister in 2004 but lost to Ferenc Gyurcsány .	candidates
She is the former Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Employment relations , consumer and postal affairs , having lost her seat in the 2015 General Election ,	relations
Historically , Karasu has produced zinc and lead , which they started mining in 1898 .	mining
The Lugnuts had their best record in team history under Redmond , and reached the league finals .	finals
In 2014 , Bell recorded a Daytrotter session .	session
This version of the F-series continued to be built on the 1965 fourth generation 's revised platform , but with significant modernization and refinements .	generation
This equation is valid in the early stages of recrystallization when " f « 1 " and the growing grains are not impinging on each other .	stages
Forward steps land heel first except when descending from a rise , and in backward steps dancers push from the heel .	rise
Common trick plays attempt to place the defense out of position by starting action in one direction , then completing it in another .	defense
Jace still feels like her broke her spirit , and Lauren , to convince both herself and Jace , slaps him to get even .	herself
If the ball was played over the back line by the defender ( outside the goal ) then the penalty bully was retaken .	ball
Prince George resigned as High Commissioner and was replaced by Alexandros Zaimis , a former Greek prime minister , in 1906 .	resigned
With two different transmembrane domains from exon 17 , the total possible protein products could reach 38,016 isoforms .	protein
Analysis of exome sequencing data identified a mutation in the XIAP gene .	gene
The agreement was ratified by provincial law 5520 .	provincial
Some parents falsely claim religious beliefs to get exemptions .	claim
In 2016 , Golshifteh played Anna Karenina on stage in Paris and received great reviews from all the French press .	press
The unit embarked for France on June 11 , and from June 19 to August 1 observed operations of the American Expeditionary Forces .	observed
Warlordism was a widespread , dominant political framework that ordered many of the world 's societies until the modern state became globally ubiquitous .	widespread
Westerly wind shear prevented significant development , but following an increase in convection , the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Melissa early on September 29 .	wind
The CBO estimated the ten-year cost to the federal government of the major insurance-related provisions of the bill at approximately $ 1.0 trillion .	bill
When Lord Howe of England took possession of New York Harbor , the proximity of Schuyler Mansion drew many of his officers .	drew
These funds are provided to program partners as either equity , loans or grants .	funds
Local proper names still existing today - particularly of the village of " Krentrup " - indicate settlements in the area well before 800 AD .	existing
Meanwhile , in Stamford , Jim Halpert ( John Krasinski ) decides to bike to work .	decides
Trained and uniformed , they served behind their officers and filed out into various villages to seek recruits .	filed
However , the Getty kouros 's hair exhibits a rigidity , very unlike the Sounion Group .	hair
On July 20 , 2018 , the media covering the OVC released their preseason poll with the Tigers predicted to finish in fourth place .	covering
The château and grounds were renovated again in 1750 by Philippe Dullin de La Ponneraye .	grounds
In 2014 , the brand introduced three additional styles including the Stewart penny loafer , the Martin whole-cut oxford and the Chaplin suede tassel loafer .	brand
The Nexa Center also coordinates SeLiLi ( Servizio Licenze Libere ) , a service offering advice on free licenses .	offering
Devine only had 5 carries , but managed to rack up 76 yards and 2 touchdowns to help the third-ranked Mountaineers beat the Thundering Herd 48-23 .	beat
The game was reviewed in 1988 in " Dragon " by Hartley , Patricia , and Kirk Lesser in their " The Role of Computers " column .	column
Despite the ongoing squabbles between the series and the ownership , the race was the site of some memorable moments in Indy car history .	ownership
He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland and was a long-time mayor of Schaffhausen ( 1933 – 1968 ) .	mayor
In 1901 – 1903 , the British Museum published the catalog of the 35,000 bookplates collected by Sir Augustus Wollaston Franks ( 1826 – 97 ) .	collected
His more relevant compositions include five symphonies , four operas , three Cantatas Concertantes , Concertos for several instruments and his production for guitar .	instruments
William Turner ( born October 17 , 1991 ) is an American football guard for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	guard
Steidle wanted to ensure that the house fits in with the surrounding areas without compromising any of the opportunities that an entirely new building could offer .	entirely
A look-ahead technique that may be more time-consuming but may produce better results is based on arc consistency .	technique
In 2015 , the Spartans improved upon their previous season by going 7 – 3 overall with a third-place finish in the Presidents ' Athletic Conference .	improved
The French editor took part of the development of the background .	background
Peace groups formed shortly thereafter : the New York Peace Society ( est .	shortly
Donte offers to provide her cocaine in exchange for sex , which she agrees .	exchange
Hunyadi soon showed and displayed an extraordinary capacity to marshal his defences with the limited resources at his disposal .	resources
Builders contested the incorporation , so a legal battle ensued concerning the boundaries of the new municipality .	contested
The largest quantity of damage to sea vessels was consolidated near the Kemah-Baytown area .	vessels
Tests vary from country to country , so the following information is provided as a rough guide to typical uses of the hydrogen breath test :	typical
He tells Shea to flee at the sign of the Skull .	sign
Deportation – forced resettlement in distant provincial areas – was another method employed .	provincial
Wilson appointed Louis Brandeis and John Hessin Clarke to replace them .	replace
( Of course , by playing such a game the NFL would legitimize the AAFC and risk more prestige . )	risk
This is a first step towards a satellite-based AIS-monitoring service .	step
Rollingmedia Limited , doing business as Roll7 , is a British video game developer located in London , England .	doing
Historical significance and local interest are too low to warrant additional costs .	costs
She portrayed Morena Fontana in the television comedy " Son de Fierro " .	portrayed
From the 2nd starting spot , Jeff Gordon jumped out past pole sitter Ted Musgrave to lead the first few laps of the race .	spot
As there is more than one Georgia , there are two lists of Georgian cities .	lists
Bodies from other cemeteries were moved there from downtown .	downtown
Then formula _ 14 , and by the Hall – Witt identity above , it follows that formula _ 15 and so formula _ 16 .	identity
Rankin and her husband , Robert Rankin , were appointed Professor and Principal at Chalmers Memorial Theological College after its establishment in 1957 .	establishment
Prior to the 2004 Bush / Cheney presidential campaign , Deutsch had been a student at Texas A & M University .	presidential
Therefore , Pu-242 is particularly unsuited to recycling in a thermal reactor and would be better used in a fast reactor where it can be fissioned directly .	fast
Its colour is grey , turning to pink on the body whorl , a few scattered crimson dots on the larger ribs .	colour
Some scholars consider that the following peoples recorded in ancient sources correspond to Ptolemy 's " Karpiani " :	scholars
But this is a new chapter for me , and I 'm really excited about it . "	really
The rituals that may be followed in Vedic religions after the death of a human being , for his or her peace and ascent to heaven are :	peace
He had won it 15 times in a row , and is the holder of the record for most consecutive such awards to date .	consecutive
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of its teachers were rated " Highly Qualified " under No Child Left Behind .	teachers
As of the census of 2000 , there were 999 people , 372 households , and 277 families residing in the CDP .	residing
As the show draws to an end the garden is completed .	garden
The following is a list of cases Tribe has argued in the U.S. Supreme Court , as of the end of 2005 :	argued
Scaly Bark 's juvenile leaves are round or broad lanceolate .	broad
Ganguly started his career making literary adaptations with strong female roles and themes of marital discord .	literary
Gregory was a perfect 2-of-2 passing for 21 yards to go with 58 yards rushing .	passing
His father was of German descent , and his mother was of French and German ancestry .	descent
The facility opened in 1992 and currently has a capacity of 1420 prisoners .	prisoners
Las Piedras ( which means " The Stones " ) is a suburb of Bella Unión in the Artigas Department of northern Uruguay .	suburb
The National Lottery of Mexico issued tickets with team badge and image of a player .	image
The first player to sign with Major League Soccer , he spent the last seven years of his career with the MetroStars .	sign
As of 3 September 2012 , the Nigerian government neither responded to his request nor apologized .	request
After the user uploads a program , the RCX can run it on its own without needing access to a computer .	user
The township was named for the city of Bethlehem .	township
Other birds often built their own nests on top of Weaver nest sites .	birds
The period between 1890 and immediately before the First World War is known as the golden age of cricket .	cricket
The London bureaucracy governing the colonies also changed , policies to white settler colonies changed and slavery was phased out .	policies
He resumed agricultural pursuits near Newton , North Carolina .	agricultural
The web site is redirected to Madame Tussauds and here is a statement from their web site :	statement
Some of his classic first ascents include the North Face of the Grand Teton and the " Durrance Route " on Devils Tower .	classic
The stadium is multipurpose , having been mainly used for both football .	stadium
These kernels , of fixed sizes 5 x 5 and 7 x 7 , are optimized so that the Fourier transform approximates their correct derivative relationship .	fixed
She is served by a crew of 24 and has accommodation for 12 additional personnel .	personnel
Additionally , there are various foreign diplomatic missions in Somalia .	missions
The line weaves through Houdini 's garden , which features several trees , shrubs , and an ornate fountain .	garden
The RTFO will be implemented through a certification scheme administered by the Department for Transport .	scheme
His contract was cancelled at Twigg 's request in July 2008 as he had a falling out with the manager Billy Reid .	request
The lake is long , wide , has an area of and an average depth of .	depth
Mackey ( which subsequently resulted successfully for the contestant ) , in Charleston , South Carolina , April 26 , 1881 .	successfully
2010 was also significant as the 16-year-old made the step up to the bigger league , the Petronas Asia Road Racing Championship aboard a 600cc SuperSport bike .	step
Schreber was a successful and highly respected judge until middle age when the onset of his psychosis occurred .	judge
Emmie Charayron , he represents " Lagardère Paris Racing . "	represents
The writing is original both in tradition and inspiration fully utilizing the potential of the " shatpadi " metre .	tradition
Media activism among youth can be linked to the way youth protest and create communities online over specific issues and social connections .	linked
Quinoline Yellow SS is a bright yellow dye with green shade .	yellow
Three of his writings have been preserved :	preserved
After being sat into their individual cubicles , participants would make judgement decisions about various stimuli that were projected onto the wall in front of them .	onto
Examples of this are P-P plots and Kolmogorov-Smirnov tests .	tests
They have pale white skin , sharp teeth and claws , and maggots are reported to crawl through their flesh .	skin
Her work has gained national recognition .	recognition
Around 1150 Dacian anthroponyms ( personal names ) and 900 toponyms ( placenames ) have been preserved in ancient sources .	preserved
Borsonia saccoi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae .	marine
The Parapet is small ; visitors are only allowed 5 minutes at the top .	visitors
During the years spent occupying and renovating the jail , the college viewed itself as caretaker of the building and its rich history .	rich
In March 2011 , it was reported that Jeffrey Epstein had helped the Duchess avoid bankruptcy by paying off some of her debts .	avoid
This progression away from the traditional view of the woman as the homemaker led to the creation of the role of the stay-at-home dad .	creation
Snorri and his foster brothers attack and kill Arnkel whilst he was working on his farm .	kill
Transversely isotropic media support three types of elastic plane waves :	plane
The street had few houses at start but with the start of 21st century it got two markets and most of the houses were refurnished .	markets
The following American athletes won medals at the games .	medals
Occasionally they are found in British waters .	waters
The closing years of the 20th century saw controversial postmodern influences entering some parts of evangelicalism , particularly with the emerging church movement .	entering
It can also spread through genital touching .	spread
They activate a holographic message in the scout of Optimus Prime intending to retreat to Earth with the other Autobots .	message
Stanković played the full 90 minutes in the first leg at San Siro , putting in a very lively and active display .	display
The model was crafted by Zephyr Wildlife , who took a cast from an actual stuffed elephant at a museum in Bonn in Germany .	actual
Sidhuwal is surrounded by Sanour Tehsil towards East , Nabha Tehsil towards west , Bhuner Heri Tehsil towards South , Ghanaur Tehsil towards East .	surrounded
The City of Dallas sold AM 1310 to Bonneville International in 1978 , which switched the call sign to KAAM ( today KTCK ) .	sign
This double-CD was later re-released worldwide , with a rare 1984 live DVD recorded at the Wolf & Rissmiller 's Country Club in California .	rare
Beginning in November 1919 , that station had featured a nightly broadcast of news and entertainment .	entertainment
She also participated in a fleet training cruise into the Atlantic , during which she visited Funchal and Las Palmas with the light cruiser .	fleet
During his first semester at Calvin , Plantinga was awarded a scholarship to attend Harvard University .	attend
His brother , Democrat Carmen Orechio , was elected State Senator from the same district , defeating two-term Republican Senator Michael A. Giuliano .	defeating
Additional torpedo storage is provided below this main deck .	storage
He appeared in more than a hundred films from 1921 to 1982 .	hundred
Caragiale was also visited by Barbu Ştefănescu Delavrancea , who , as a Francophile , vehemently rejected the aesthetics of Berlin in their conversations .	rejected
Points , fourth quarter : 17 , vs Indiana Pacers , 2000	quarter
Sometimes these changes stop the functioning of that gene or make it serve another advantageous function , such as the melanin genes discussed above .	gene
Standing on principle , he stood as the sole candidate of the leaderless Confederation of Regions Party during the 2003 Ontario General Election .	stood
At 20 : 30 on 5 November Cambodia announced that it was withdrawing its ambassador from Thailand as a retaliatory measure .	measure
Ruth Burbeck Johnson was a Middlebury College graduate .	graduate
By the start of the 20th century , Fleetwood 's position as one of the three major fishing ports in England was cemented .	fishing
Shamkhani condemned the US-led coalition airstrikes in Mosul in March 2017 which killed more than 200 civilians and accused the United States of committing war crimes .	accused
Clarke was mayor of Edmonton at the time of this by-election .	mayor
Some of the grimmer tales of Ibrahim II 's brutality arise from this expedition .	expedition
Substantial timbers and a single iron cannon were brought to the surface .	iron
Betts left the Falklands a few days after the Argentine surrender , with his wife and children remaining on the islands .	islands
The center provides health services both to Hofstra and the local community and additionally provides educational and practitioner experience for Hofstra students .	educational
PSA Peugeot Citroën still went ahead with their plan to withdraw both Citroën and Peugeot from the series after the season .	ahead
Thousands marched against the rampant and continuing post-Katrina violence in New Orleans .	violence
The researchpark of about 320,000 square metres is located on the clay quarry site of the former " Kapittel " brickwork factory .	factory
From 1965 to 1970 , he organized and celebrated Maronite liturgies on regular basis .	celebrated
Wesley and Cordelia talk on the phone , both depressed about their lives and lack of work .	talk
His mother belonged to a well known Oswego banking and manufacturing family .	manufacturing
Niches at the ground level serve to enlarge the interior space further .	interior
While he lacks Sinatra ’ s raw emotional wallop and more closely mirrors the mellow warmth of Dean Martin , he is no poseur .	closely
On his second attempt his frame breaks putting him out of contention .	frame
In Jeal 's view , the cast met admirably the challenge of presenting the work in a non-satirical spirit .	challenge
The plot revolves around a team of American martial artists facing a team of South Korean martial artists in a karate tournament .	plot
Pintadito is a southern suburb of the capital city Artigas of Artigas Department in northern Uruguay .	suburb
During the exchange students immerse themselves in regular classes for a week and travel with their peers for another week .	exchange
His career totals are 9.0 sacks , 227 total tackles , 4 passes defended , 1 interception , 3 forced fumbles , and 1 fumble recovery .	passes
Brad does so , but falls and knocks himself out .	falls
To achieve this , he offers one of the servants , Jock , a fee for his help .	achieve
Each block has been appliquéd with a different design .	block
The Company was created after disbanding the Presidential military office and the previous protective squad .	squad
The case against the military detachment responsible in this situation is another circumstance that qualifies under this paradigm .	situation
His first television acting job was in Britain in the programme " Boy Meets Girl " in 1967 .	programme
receive data corresponding to a particular multicast address ) must use the Internet Group Management Protocol ( IGMP ) to join .	address
The Slaters now held the most Pro Bowl nods of an active father-son pair with 13 .	pair
The Catholics bought the church in 1865 , retaining ownership until approximately the turn of the 20th century when they sold it .	ownership
While Delta powers were not natural to Earth , their use was not very injurious to the universe .	powers
Lorne wakes up , his memory unaffected , and identifies Angel as a vampire .	memory
Elimelech won the Israeli Prime Minister Prize for Hebrew writers in 2002 .	writers
The code outlawed the practices of polygamy and repudiation and a husband 's right to unilaterally divorce his wife .	practices
The former holder of the mark , Cy Young , threw his at the age of 37 years , 37 days .	mark
These trains provided a non-stop service to King 's Cross Thameslink twice an hour .	hour
In November 2017 , a CPB Contractors / Downer Group joint venture and John Holland were shortlisted to build stage 1 .	joint
Christians were persecuted and churches destroyed .	churches
He further remarked that " Such enquiries as I have made from persons who ought to know have produced evasiveness " .	persons
The highway continues north through Givens Corner and across flat farmland predominately used for herb growing and vineyards .	flat
He saw the ruins of the school and dwelling house , built by the American missionaries during their short sojourn in the mountains .	mountains
In modern times , Hasan Abdal lies at the intersection of the Karakoram Highway , and the M1 Motorway .	intersection
See Barney and Betty Hill for more depth .	depth
The United Kingdom passed the National Insurance Act of 1911 that provided medical care and replacement of some lost wages if a worker became ill .	replacement
Every year is the seat of the Epiphany football tournament involving many youth football teams .	involving
Steven vows to kill the shark himself .	kill
A 19th-place finish in 1982 – 83 however meant relegation .	meant
He signed for Brentford , reaching the Division One play off final at Wembley , losing in the final to Crewe Alexandra in 1996 – 97 season .	reaching
Darrtown was laid out in 1814 by Conrad Darr , and named for him .	laid
He was taken to Bryn Mawr Hospital , where he was pronounced dead later that evening .	evening
PCR may be at least as sensitive and specific as blood-film examination in diagnosing babesiosis , though it is also significantly more expensive .	significantly
He was apostolic administrator of the archdiocese until the installation of his successor , Archbishop Jesus Salazar Gómez , on August 13 , 2010 .	successor
Individual hairs are bicolored on the back , with the base of the hair lighter than the tip .	hair
Later , the RUC and British Army set up roadblocks on entrances to the town centre and nationalist youths hijacked a number of vehicles .	vehicles
Depending on the weather conditions tandem flights last up to 20 minutes .	weather
Governor Andrew Caldecott adopted the policy in 1935 to consider local candidates before vacancies were advertised in Britain .	candidates
" List of cities and towns along the Potomac River	towns
Given the attention and effort which were lavished by Charles I on the Banqueting House , his end was not without irony .	effort
Two to three eggs are laid and incubation lasts between 25 – 27 days .	laid
While the British enjoyed this lifestyle , some Afghans chafed under occupation by a foreign power .	occupation
The song peaked at number 10 on the " Billboard " Hot 100 chart in the US .	peaked
In 1866 small chapel was built next to the spring , and in 1870 construction of a church started .	chapel
Furthermore , the gangs in Dar es Salaam share few of the same characteristics of the large drug dealing gangs wreaking havoc in inner city America .	drug
Virtual A5000 was released at BETT 2002 and stopped shipping in 2004 .	stopped
A new temple of Shri Ramnath was built recently at the same spot .	spot
The sale was approved by board members , but subject to regulatory approval .	sale
Although the majority of salt spray tests are continuous , i.e .	tests
They released two promotional singles from the EP in the form of music videos .	videos
Most of the codes during this time were done on the IBM machine called Stretch .	machine
While " P. miocaenus " was the first pseudotooth bird species to be described scientifically , its congener " Pelagornis mauretanicus " was only named in 2008 .	bird
As of June 2015 , Mudah.my is the second most visited local website in Malaysia , with 1,887,000 unique visitors .	visitors
This range includes the following mountains and peaks :	mountains
" Signandsight " was first published in 2005 , bringing a news digest of articles on European cultural topics .	articles
They are used for zoo ponds as a source of food for birds .	birds
Tippu bribed Ravi Varma in hope that he will give up war and submit to Mysore authority .	authority
The river has formed part of pilot control trials .	pilot
The bow and the stern , built separately , were attached there since the Salou graving dock was only long .	attached
button by the viewers would be counted as a vote towards the respective contestant , while the selection of the " No .	selection
It is the United States ' largest Consulate General , and is larger , in terms of both personnel and facilities , than many U.S. Embassies .	personnel
1986 ) , and also at Chichester Theological College ( a Church of England institution ) in England .	institution
The college has a reputation for sporting achievement far outstripping its size .	reputation
A typical Aboyne dress consists of a dark bodice or elaborate waistcoat , decorative blouse , full tartan skirt and some times a petticoat and apron .	typical
As of the 2010 census , the town population was 1,241 , a 29.8 % increase over the previous decade .	decade
In 2010 in the Parc National des Ecrins , Freissinières , a high altitude rock shelter with prehistoric rock paintings of animals was discovered .	paintings
The unsuccessful managing director and shareholder Karl Rapp resigned from the company around that time , most likely due to ill-health .	resigned
She resides in Ballyvourney in the Muskerry Gaeltacht area in County Cork , with her second husband , Nicky Forde , and three daughters .	daughters
In " The Carpet " , Jim leaves her a voicemail , in which he asks her out on a date .	asks
In modern charivaris the animal materials are usually replaced with cast metal trinkets .	animal
The taxonomy remains somewhat fluid as relatively few viral genomes in this genus have been sequenced .	somewhat
His biographer , Iris Engstrand , said , " He 's kind of like the last of the innocent mayors .	kind
Her next album " Inamorata " is scheduled for a February 2015 release .	scheduled
One side looks on you as a traitor and the other doesn 't really trust you .	really
Secondly , public insurance has better payment and quality-improvement methods because of its large databases , new payment approaches , and care-coordination strategies .	methods
; with three of the first team unable to play , Wyatt persuades Burgess to let Mike play .	unable
Oleg mentions , on an outing with Harry , that his mother ( Rakel ) refused to let him search for his father .	search
The company flourished for the first few years of McClain ownership , but the company began to experience financial troubles by the late 90 's .	ownership
Blues legend John Mayall was the first performer on 3rd June 1968 ( returned to celebrate 40th anniversary in 2008 )	anniversary
After World War II demand for ships and submarines remained high , while the development of the Lake District National Park further fostered tourism .	demand
In the years immediately after World War II , the Houdriflow process and the air-lift TCC process were developed as improved variations on the moving-bed theme .	improved
The show follows them through their challenges and experiences they face through life in Ballybraddan , the fictional Irish town in which they live .	experiences
The PUC is organized into several sections .	sections
This was called " taking up the enemy in thought " .	enemy
This motion was later defeated .	motion
On 20 March 2017 the British tabloid newspaper " Daily Mirror " painted the Maslenitsa as a Hooligan training ground .	painted
There are T & T Supermarkets in Canada as opposed to 99 Ranch Markets in the United States .	opposed
He served on the boat for more than a year , giving up command on 30 November 1941 .	boat
For each process , ISO / IEC 15504 defines a " capability level " on the following scale :	scale
This expression is recognised as the linear wave equation .	expression
Many songs written and recorded for " Boys for Pele " were released in conjunction with subsequent albums or have yet to be released .	subsequent
Currently two editions of The Jewish Post and Opinion exist , " Indiana " , published monthly and " National , " published bi-monthly .	exist
The verbal ending is spelled " -ize " in American English and " -ise " or " -ize " in British English .	ending
Nevertheless , warm clothing and good shoes are required as temperature during the night can drop as low as and winds can be very strong .	temperature
Hitler understood the situation and jumped up and demonstratively held out his right hand to him .	situation
In 1914 , he scored his highest first-class score , 178 not out , against Essex .	first-class
Because of its location near a busy highway , extra-thick glass was used .	glass
Paramount sought to market Dietrich as a German answer to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer 's Swedish sensation , Greta Garbo .	sought
In the summer of 2002 , she starred in her first film , " Les Dangereux " , directed by Louis Saia and produced by Richard Goudreau .	starred
The pick sealed a Bears victory , allowing the team to progress to 2 – 3 .	allowing
He was given the power ring and battery ( lantern ) by a dying alien named Abin Sur , whose spaceship crashed on Earth .	ring
Hays was prominently featured in the 50th anniversary episode of the show , which aired in April 2006 .	anniversary
The tour commenced in June 2011 and concluded in May 2012 .	concluded
He then drove off the other Fokkers which were attacking his plane from the other side , and then fell exhausted in his seat .	plane
Under Rüütli , Levadia won the league in the 2004 season , but failed to defend the title in 2005 , finishing as runners-up .	finishing
the components transform according to ;	components
After appraisal , the PIP suggests best possible agreement .	suggests
Using this intelligence , he led a night attack against the Ashikaga / Uesugi force .	intelligence
They are often directed against places far from the actual area of hostilities .	actual
In 1754 her daughter was baptized a Catholic by the priest of the French legation .	priest
As with the Amoveo books each concerns a couple and the legend of a Bloodmate .	concerns
The road continues to its eastern terminus at Toe Road , southwest of the Grenada Lake .	southwest
He was also concurrently appointed " amir al-hajj " and was thus responsible for the safety and provisioning of the annual Hajj caravan from Damascus to Mecca .	safety
Herman Contractus , the abbot of Reichman Abbey , examined the use of the astrolabe in " Mensura Astrolai " during the 11th century .	11th
The ranking was published by the Ministry of Science and Higher Education .	ranking
Sadus appeared later , demonstrating a sound which was primarily driven by the fretless bass of Steve DiGiorgio .	bass
In addition , the wide aperture of the horn projects the waves in a narrow beam .	narrow
Danilin also won two medals in the men 's singles event at the FIL European Luge Championships with a gold in 1986 and a silver in 1982 .	medals
The design of the Banqueting House is classical in concept .	classical
Contemporary Lingayatism is influential in South India , especially in the state of Karnataka .	influential
The presence of the fossa at these locations indicates its ability to adapt to various elevations , consistent with its reported distribution in all Madagascar forest types .	locations
Fearing for her safety , Dr. Montague and Luke declare that she must leave .	safety
Most picked Spokane to finish at or near the bottom of the Western Conference .	bottom
She married Joseph de Piro and the palace passed into the hands of the de Piro family after she died in 1856 .	hands
Ben Percy remained the principal writer for the series , with a rotating art team consisting of Otto Schmidt , Juan Ferreyra and Stephen Byrne .	consisting
Heaver let building plots on 99-year leases , allowing builders to finance construction on their own account .	allowing
The inscription on the tomb reads " Here Lies Philip J. Fry , named for his uncle , to carry on his spirit . "	carry
Its duration was 10 minutes and 13 seconds .	seconds
Of these , the ace status of 30 are in question among historians .	question
I 'll continue to train hard and play my best and see how things pan out .	things
Fair Harbor is a seasonal beach community .	beach
The principal duty of the Prince on this visit was to open the provisional Parliament House in Canberra , on 9 May 1927 .	duty
The scots pine was the initial choice as the main forest tree given the adverse local conditions and seeds being readily available in the locality .	choice
Esoteric Christianity and Alchemy alongside an examination of the Eastern ones e.g .	ones
United Nations Security Council resolution 490 was adopted unanimously on 21 July 1981 , after taking note of a report by the Secretary-General .	note
He drags himself off the rocket nose , seriously wounded , and Flash offers to spare his life if he will stop the attack on Earth .	wounded
The chef at the inn states they have no grease , only for Ted to point out that bacon produces grease .	produces
Bound for Glory featured employees other than the wrestlers involved in the matches .	employees
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about US $ 1.34 – 1.63 per 10 ml bottle .	developing
Because its population does not appear threatened by human activity , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) has listed it under least concern .	threatened
Knattspyrnufélagið Haukar ( ) is an Icelandic multi-sport club from Hafnarfjörður with divisions in Football , Handball , Basketball , Karate , Skiing & Chess .	divisions
TransLink ordered the cars for the Evergreen Extension in a 4-car articulated configuration , with two centre cars , to allow full-length train movements by passengers .	passengers
He was also a business secretary of Salman Khan and served a critical role in building his career .	secretary
He is best known for his editorial illustrations and theater posters .	theater
The hall , supported by eight exquisitely carved pillars demands as much attention as the idol , sitting on throne carved like a cypress tree .	hall
However , the capitalist can now sell the yarn for 30 dollars .	sell
The earlier fireships and of 1690 were rebuilt between 1700 – 3 .	rebuilt
Subsequent transfusions were successful with patients of Professor James Young Simpson after whom the Simpson Memorial Maternity Pavilion in Edinburgh was named .	patients
This is true of the more well-known soil animals as well , such as ants , earthworms and moles .	soil
He played college football at Furman , and was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
Edo traditional clothing has lots of color and the people often wear beads , which symbolize royalty and freedom .	freedom
The per capita income of $ 41,126 places the town of Indialantic first in Brevard County and 58 in the state ( out of 887 places ) .	capita
In his 8 first-class appearances for the county , he scored 274 runs at a batting average of 22.83 , with a high score of 77 .	first-class
1972 : True was a founding member of the Asian American Psychological Association .	founding
Small communities of Gujaratis and Muslims speak Gujarati and Urdu respectively .	speak
The regiment was granted its ' Midland ' subtitle in 1942 .	regiment
The Department , if well positioned , is capable of generating a lot of money for the Polytechnic .	capable
According to Eissa , Badawi 's takeover of the paper was engineered specifically to stop him from writing .	specifically
Although amalgamated cities in other provinces retained their original names , the HRM is officially referred to by its full name or its initials .	retained
Regulars at The Queen Victoria pub raise money to buy Ethel a new dog , but she refuses to accept it , saying Willy is irreplaceable .	raise
In the quarter-final , he was one of three Yugoslavs to miss in the 3 – 2 penalty shootout defeat to world champions Argentina .	champions
It is only accessible by boat .	boat
Jordan was killed by German artillery while serving in France during World War I .	artillery
Kay also takes a job as a cigarette girl , hoping to help Wally with his work .	girl
Its most common representation is the list of its vertices ordered along its boundary clockwise or counterclockwise .	boundary
The Nationalist Chinese experience with political warfare can be treated in a much more tangible way than merely tracing doctrinal development .	treated
In January 1923 , the Secretary of the Navy ordered a detailed study of the capacity of the bases and stations during war and peace .	peace
" Macleans Canada " said that Space Moose was " probably the most famous comic strip character in Canadian university history . "	comic
Janie is the youngest of three sisters in a softball family .	youngest
In no way , Putnam and Feldstein write , it is possible to create social capital instantaneous , anonymous or en masse .	write
The page is also marked as " copy-on-write " ( COW ) , so the kernel will automatically separate them again should one process modify its data .	page
However , the original name of the village was restored in 2009 .	restored
The next year he and several fellow Tufts graduates founded AMRAD , which was described as dedicated to improving existing receiver design and advancing radio technology .	existing
They commanded the spacecraft to perform a three-minute rocket burn that changed the spacecraft 's velocity .	perform
A deficiency in calcium can also result in a small pelvis as the structures of the pelvic bones will be weak due to the lack of calcium .	structures
degree in aeronautical engineering from Queen 's University Belfast .	engineering
Finally , after a 34 run partnership for the tenth wicket , Lyon ( 9 ) was bowled by Bracewell ( 6 / 40 ) .	partnership
Agassi , chose to withdraw the tournament due to wrist injury .	chose
Larisa Semyonovna Latynina ( , ; née Diriy ; born 27 December 1934 ) is a former Soviet artistic gymnast from southern Ukraine .	artistic
Hydatid fremitus is a vibratory sensation felt on palpating a hydatid cyst .	felt
This gave the NHL nearly two weeks to prepare the stadium for the game .	stadium
On the bottom it says " Turn over , " .	bottom
The song was a collaboration between Magnusson , Swingfly , Teron Beal and Johan Ramström .	collaboration
The 2011 census recorded 1,489 inhabitants in the village .	inhabitants
The original widescreen 2.35 : 1 aspect ratio cut is available for purchase on Apple 's US iTunes Store .	purchase
Rama I , the first king of the Chakri dynasty , continued the traditions of Ayutthaya in many respects .	dynasty
On 16 January 2018 , the Zuist Church of Iceland applied for the allocation of a plot of land in Reykjavík for the burial of its members .	plot
Some of his writings were hosted by the socialist journal " România Muncitoare " .	journal
The diagnostic criteria for this condition are nearly identical to those used for hysteria .	condition
On April 14 , 2010 , Becker received a life sentence for his conviction of first-degree murder .	murder
Minimum gauge railway have a gauge of less than and are primarily used as industrial railways rather than for passenger transit .	passenger
The battle site lies around 1 km east of the hill .	hill
Administratively Piagailoe Atoll , located 71 kilometers to the northwest , belongs to Satawal municipality .	northwest
In 1985 , he directed an episode of " Miami Vice " , his only directing credit to date .	credit
for Dudley entirely on the sufferance of the Castle power and influence " .	entirely
In 2013 , Go Topless Day in the US was held on August 25 and marked the 6th anniversary of the event .	anniversary
The missions take place between 3250 ( the start-date of the game ) and approximately 3255 .	missions
Irrigation of fields was possible without the need to build complex canals .	fields
Mr. Cranmer 's family thanked Durrance by getting him an internship with Dr. James J. Waring , an international expert on tuberculosis .	getting
Currently , reconstructions are only produced to aid the process of positive identification in conjunction with verified methods .	methods
Nathaniel Culverwell ( alternative spellings " Nathanael " or " Culverwel " ; 1619 – 1651 ) was an English author and theologian , born in Middlesex .	alternative
During his time with North Harbour , he also played with the amateur club Marist .	amateur
Incubation lasts for around 28 to 35 days and typically the female incubates , while being fed by the male , although the male may occasionally incubate .	occasionally
Other " Candida " species , such as " C. oleophila " have been used as biological control agents in fruit .	fruit
Legal experts dispute whether the Palestinian Authority is a " state " capable of making such a declaration under the Rome Statute .	capable
The company employed over 50 people and produced almost 4,000 custom made instruments per year .	instruments
Network TV show about WWE Divas going on dates with Rosa Mendes and Summer Rae .	dates
Henry Joseph Brown ( 1887 – 26 February 1961 ) was an Irish field hockey player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .	hockey
The PowerPC e6500 is a multithreaded 64-bit Power Architecture-based microprocessor core from Freescale Semiconductor ( now part of NXP ) .	core
Panmela Castro recognized this , and decided to spread this law through graffiti art .	spread
Work also started on a suitable gun-laying computer that could use electrical , as opposed to mechanical , inputs for pointing data .	opposed
Cox toured the south-east independent circuit before being signed to a World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) developmental deal in 2000 .	toured
The competition consisted of two rounds , qualification and final .	rounds
The only requirements for submitting an article to the magazine is that the author must be under twenty-one years old .	requirements
The different forms exist both as solids , and in aqueous solutions .	exist
He also said , Iran will not jeopardize the interests of neighboring countries .	interests
Wholesale Furniture Brokers opened their 9,500 square foot Langley , British Columbia distribution centre in August 2012 .	foot
The system was only to last for 21 years as with the passing of the Local Government etc .	passing
" Behind Closed Doors " is a " driving pop-rock song " that deals lyrically with themes of homophobia , hypocrisy and faux-tolerance .	driving
A new series named " Aatanqharta Nagraj " or " Nagraj-World Terrorism Series " is being published parallel to the " Nagayana " series .	parallel
The ESOL program helps foreign-language speakers and GOALS acts as a drop-out prevention program .	acts
While Clinton won white college-educated women 37-35 , Trump won white college-educated men and white people without college degrees , as was a trend nationwide .	degrees
High schools in Gainesville run from 9th to 12th grades .	12th
Somehow , Goom and other monsters returned to Earth and took up residence on Monster Isle .	residence
A good smear also puts as much shoe in contact with the rock as possible .	contact
The municipality has previously also been known as " Sumiais " in Swedish documents , but is today referred to as " Sumiainen " also in Swedish .	documents
Because of this characteristic , white oak is used by coopers to make wine and whiskey barrels as the wood resists leaking .	wood
A term also coined by Thomas Wilfred to refer to his invention that allowed the creation and performance of Lumia .	creation
In December 1781 , Theodosia discovered her husband had died of yellow fever .	yellow
After graduating from St. Joseph Academy in 1986 , Ruiz went on to Harvard University .	graduating
This repression can be relieved by the protein HuR , which is released from the nucleus under conditions of cell stress and binds to the CAT-1 3'UTR .	protein
Within another one of his music videos , “ Toro , ” Subliminal further expresses qualities of the Western world .	videos
Countries with the biggest diaspora populations include South Africa , the United Kingdom , Australia , Canada and the United States of America .	biggest
He can do the same with the remainder of the stock taking any trumps until he exposes a non-trump .	stock
Adriana Calcanhotto ( born October 3 , 1965 ) is a Brazilian singer and composer .	composer
Gregory Dsouza serves as the parish priest of the Most Holy Saviour Church .	priest
However , there is great variation in HIV prevalence rates from region to region in Namibia .	rates
The club took over their reserve team 's place back in the West Cheshire League Division One for the 2014 – 15 season .	reserve
The constituency elected 3 deputies ( Teachtaí Dála , commonly known as TDs ) .	constituency
The first action is expressed with a participle with adverbial force .	expressed
The broad objectives of the Museum are :	broad
He was named Most Valuable Player of three consecutive national championship games , the only player ever to accomplish that feat .	consecutive
and bigot James , in evil hour	hour
Aughra is portrayed primarily by Frank Oz in a costume .	portrayed
It also reached the top twenty in the Republic of Ireland .	twenty
Such ukuleles have nylon or gut strings , not the metal strings necessary for ukuleles with magnetic pickups .	necessary
The deal was estimated to be worth $ 2 billion .	worth
The Morgan Heart Hospital replaced the Roebling building , which was demolished in 2005 .	demolished
Teleutias , the half-brother of the Spartan king , Agesilaus II , was killed and King Agesipolis suffered heavy losses before dying of fever .	losses
Parties based in Rodrigues compete for the two remaining seats , with the Rodrigues People 's Organisation and the Rodrigues Movement being the main parties there .	compete
Both names are used in English and French , although Saint-Jacques is the most common for geographical reference .	reference
The area was exploited for its gravel and sand extraction in the twentieth century leaving a myriad of water filled lakes .	filled
The band combines a rock sound with a maid image modeled on Japanese maid cafés .	image
American country music artist Craig Morgan has performed the song at several of his concerts .	concerts
Building 3 , which lies southeast of Building 1 and fronts on Oriental Street , is from the same time period and exhibits similar styling .	southeast
Internally , the Library has been substantially altered by the removal of walls and doorways .	walls
Rülf taught Wolffsohn the German language and mathematics , and introduced him to the Hovevei Zion movement .	mathematics
Contrasting with the original ’ s romantic utopian concept , this felt more like the harsher , more unstable radioactive glow of contemporary dystopia .	felt
In addition to the normal blacksmith tasks , Matthew received patents on several of his inventions .	normal
Trade with China was negligible until 1992 ; it later grew rapidly and by 2009 , China became Argentina 's second largest trading partner .	rapidly
Qualification rule : The first five finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next five fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the final .	heat
The Gwash then helps to fill the Rutland Water reservoir which was formed by damming its valley at Empingham .	valley
Many amateur radio satellites have either an uplink or a downlink in the 29 MHz range .	amateur
Given Bernal 's Marxist and pro-Soviet sympathies it is perhaps remarkable that there has never been any suggestion that he fed any information in that direction .	perhaps
The 1st Armored Brigade moved southward to occupy positions between Lateral Road and the canal on the right flank of the 18th Brigade .	18th
It has been described as a social-class crossover typical peasant food also used by upper-class people .	typical
Their first reunion show was the Metal Meltdown in April and there they found out that there was a demand for the band to continue .	demand
Goldfinger traps GoldenEye inside a chamber that he claims will soon be devoid of oxygen .	claims
After a great earthquake in 989 partly collapsed the dome of Hagia Sophia , Byzantine officials summoned Trdat to Byzantium to organize its repair .	officials
In August 1983 , property owners formed the South Bethany Property Owners Association , and that year the town annexed the neighboring Sand Piper Pines community .	owners
In the past the dugongs in herds numbered in the thousands .	thousands
Adult patients should always be referred to a sarcoma specialist .	patients
The video incorporated people form all over the world who probably had no idea this problem was occurring otherwise .	otherwise
Passengers on most domestic flights also have the ability to check their luggage inside the Rental Car Center .	domestic
In 2005 , it was re-released with an additional disc that included remixes , unreleased tracks , and music videos .	videos
Sissy then says , " That 's real pretty but that don 't answer my question " .	question
the event that " A " does not occur .	occur
Alternatively , frequently changing roost sites may be a strategy to decrease predation .	strategy
The pH range for the typical calcium reactor is 6.5 – 6.8 .	typical
In 1621 took part in the Battle of Chocim , commander of mercenaries Lisowczycy in 1622 during the period of their service in the Holy Roman Empire .	commander
He called on the Fiji Human Rights Commission to take a stand against such violations .	stand
The guns could be elevated to 15 ° , which provided a maximum range of less than .	guns
The British frigates subsequently shadowed the French vessels northwards , chasing them into Cherbourg in the first week of June .	vessels
The town maintains an electric substation , with electricity supplied to the substation by a 138,000 kV line from Delmarva Power 's Mt .	electric
By this time , Louisville contained 63 clapboard finished houses , 37 partly finished , 22 uncovered houses , and over 100 log cabins .	contained
After graduating from school in 1986 Pehnt performed voluntary social work in Belfast ( Northern Ireland ) .	graduating
Shortly thereafter , a second Japanese plane was shot down , but a third managed to crash into the ship .	plane
Many later Marxists , in particular Karl Kautsky , criticized Bolshevik leaders for terrorism tactics .	criticized
The nave roof is in three bays .	roof
On December 20 , 2016 , SCE announced it had selected a joint venture of AECOM and EnergySolutions as decommissioning general contractor for SONG .	joint
Kondos Field was portrayed by Jennifer Beals in the 2015 film " Full Out " about former UCLA Bruin gymnast , Ariana Berlin .	portrayed
During his last three years as president ( 1986-88 ) , he led the sale of the Outlet Communications stations in Orlando , San Antonio and Sacramento .	sale
In his academic career , Zehe ’ s major research fields have been materials science , solid-state electronics , and vacuum physics .	fields
They also damaged two other U-boats themselves .	damaged
While this mode of reproduction has not been observed in reptiles , it occurs in several salamander species of the genus " Ambystoma " .	observed
and his closely person is Shri satyapal singh yadav ( Nagla jawahari ) .	closely
However he criticized the " overpowering choir of back-up vocalists " that sing the chorus .	criticized
It was taken to the United Kingdom for evaluation purposes and eventually scrapped .	purposes
However , these types of elisions are rarely shown in modern writing and never shown in formal writing .	formal
His body was moved in August 1988 to a permanent burial place in the newly built Turkish State Cemetery in Ankara .	permanent
At Cordelia 's apartment , Wesley and Gunn play the board game Risk , until Cordelia tries to kick them out so she can sleep .	tries
He died , apparently of a heart attack , while on a collecting expedition in Ethiopia on October 6 , 2015 .	expedition
Also , the coordination number of Na in this representative is enlarged from 7 to 9 .	representative
Extensive investigations have been made of the forests of the Rocky Mountains .	forests
With the end of the Helfensteins in 1550 , the castle became uninhabited and fell into disrepair .	castle
He was not returned to the parliament of 1678 , but was re-elected in 1679 and 1680 .	parliament
The tower was added to the building in the 13th century .	13th
The company also produces private label products , distributes beverage products , and is a co-packer for major international beverage companies .	produces
This release contained additional remixes of the track by Mr. Roy .	contained
Military historians have often compared the organization , tactical and strategic ideas , leadership , and national support of the militaries of different nations .	ideas
Sikh rebels were defeated during the reign of Farrukhsiyar , when Abd as-Samad and Zakariyya Khan suppressed them .	reign
The following videos were released on YouTube in March 2014 :	videos
Business tycoon Robert Mannheimer eventually came to the rescue , providing half a million dollars towards the project .	providing
the components transform according to ;	components
In the spa area operates a round route tourist service , the " Pauline-train " .	operates
His recommended replacement , Bert Parks , in 1955 sang this promenade tune into history .	replacement
Ten years later , Zannah is a woman and now a powerful Sith .	powerful
Treating more frequently than seven weeks increases the risk of adverse effects and does not necessarily increase the rate of ink absorption .	risk
The ground colour of the fore- and hindwings is dull orange .	colour
Morphological differences in the males allow them to emit high pitched sounds to attract a mate .	differences
The game is played by every player holding out their fists with no thumbs raised .	holding
President Bongo labelled the opposition leaders as " a small group whose only aim is to take power for themselves . "	opposition
The venue for the game in Colombo had been Sugathadasa Stadium until matches were transferred to the Royal College Rugby Ground in the early 2000s .	venue
The recordings were later mixed by Jean Marie Horvat .	recordings
The community spokesmen were shocked at the notion of a woman marking her secret ballot .	secret
Outside of the Midwest , several of the above-cited authors use the term " greda " to refer to features that are indistinguishable from paha ridges .	authors
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 for its importance in the social history of the community .	importance
Evan Ratliff ( born c . 1976 ) is an American journalist and author .	journalist
He also performed " Intoxication " before Korean audience for the first time outside Japan .	audience
The canthus rostralis is strongly marked and incurved .	strongly
Its only known player was Albert Cooper who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1928 Summer Olympics .	soccer
She is strict , fastidious , and takes most things far too seriously .	things
She has to fight for his soul by any means in her power , with the knowledge that her efforts may lead to his destruction .	knowledge
However , in the early 1980s David Tilman introduced the R * theory , which focused on resource partitioning as strategies to deal with competition .	focused
When the victim does this , an automatic $ 19.95 international call fee is charged to their account , as well as $ 9.00 / min thereafter .	charged
Through this adjustment , the intensities can be better distributed on the histogram .	distributed
A meteor shower has been observed with a similar orbit to 252P / LINEAR , previously known as the March Lyncids , in the constellation Lynx .	observed
Tompkins received payment of one hundred dollars .	hundred
It was written for voice and piano .	piano
Loopt began with seed funding from Y Combinator , a venture firm specializing in early stage startups .	funding
I have faith in my fans .	fans
The law , however , deals with restitution to private citizens , rather than religious communities .	citizens
In 1655 Cromwell allowed Jews to return to London , ending a 365-year banishment .	ending
However , this is perhaps not exactly valid if the energy in the gravitational field is taken into account .	perhaps
Australia 's vice-captain Paul Vautin played his 13th and last test match .	13th
Its diameter rotor comes completely assembled .	diameter
After defeating the Indiana Hoosiers 63 – 47 , Michigan only won one more game and lost four more heading in to this bowl game .	defeating
By the 1470s the hospital masters and bursars not only averted bankruptcy , but accrued a surplus to spend on expansion .	expansion
The role was portrayed from February 17 to 19 , 1999 by Jaime Passer .	portrayed
At the time Parri warned : " Beware of civil war ... of reopening the door to fascism .	door
For this project , Donnelly joined six other authors ( Candace Fleming , M.T .	authors
This is not always easy , and can lead to awkward constructions , the most famous example being Dominion , for which there is no French translation .	translation
Following the bad results , Bulgaria finished fourth in the group , with only one point , and didn 't go through the next round .	didn
The connecting freeway were later added to the state legislation in 1971 .	legislation
Imperial Point Medical Center is a 204-bed facility with a hyperbaric medicine program .	medicine
War with France , starting in 1793 , depleted the St John 's garrison as they occupied the islands of Saint-Pierre and Miquelon .	islands
Her exact age is not given ; but she is described witnessing the arrival of the urSkeks , and later their separation into Skeksis and urRu .	arrival
Such a structure could be built using autonomous robotic bulldozers and excavators that have been hardened against the extreme temperature and pressure of the Venus atmosphere .	temperature
He holds a PhD and MS in electrical engineering and computer sciences from UC Berkeley and a BS from UC San Diego .	engineering
He also club dated with Luke O 'Malley 's Irish band during this time .	dated
In 1927 , H. Draganesco and J. Claudion coined the term " Guillain – Barré syndrome " , apparently overlooking Strohl 's contributions .	contributions
To the south the line linked by way of the Preston – Lancaster line to the Grand Junction Railway .	linked
It was originally intended as a less dangerous alternative to the Oregon Trail by which to reach the Oregon Territory .	alternative
Long stone walls , circular stone rings , petroglyphs , man-made trails , and pottery sherds can still be seen today .	walls
" You have touched the matter with a needle .	matter
Second , the consequence of leaking patents and industrial designs could be devastating .	designs
The cathedral is currently the central church of the Polish Army and all major religious feasts related to the Polish armed forces are held there .	armed
Dither is an intentionally applied form of noise used to randomize quantization error , preventing large-scale patterns such as color banding in images .	images
Over ten million copies of his novels have been sold in the U.S. alone .	novels
There has been a revival in Turkey ’ s relation with Africa after 1998 and civil society is the leading factor in this process .	factor
After meeting Slurms McKenzie , the crew takes a tour down a river of Slurm through the factory , and see the Grunka-Lunkas manufacture Slurm .	factory
The whole project was abandoned in 1982 , having been Georgios Dimitriadis ' last venture in the automotive industry .	abandoned
It had one of the highest in Azerbaijan for a daily newspaper , and quarter than half of sports readership .	quarter
Please note that we no longer show astronomy-based shows "	note
Shifting to the 1930s , Klara is introduced as a middle-aged spinster alone in Shovenal .	1930s
He became the acting governor for the two colonies from May 1709 to April 1710 .	governor
The railway began dieselization in 1958 , but some steam locomotives were still in operation 20 years later .	steam
His first publication as author and illustrator was the bestselling " Kundalini Awakening – A Gentle Guide to Chakra Activation and Spiritual Growth . "	publication
Snow science addresses how snow forms , its distribution , and processes affecting how snowpacks change over time .	processes
6000 N. There are additional limits for passenger similar to pole test .	passenger
This was then followed by a further two missed cuts and a withdrawal from the Honda Classic to attend the birth of his first child .	attend
A 2012 column by Thomas Friedman , " Elephants Down Under " featured Johansson 's political musings .	column
The Lviv Insulator Company has adopted and continued the best traditions of manufacturing from LIP .	manufacturing
After testing over 17,000 plant samples , Edison eventually discovered a source in the plant Goldenrod ( Solidago leavenworthii ) .	testing
He was said to be a proficient tackler , excellent at dribbling and Scotland only lost four times in his twenty one caps .	twenty
Belinda is photographed by a child while she 's singing .	singing
However it is not necessary to calculate FCF .	necessary
From there , US BUS 11 / TN 39 runs north and eastbound on Madison Avenue , while the southbound routes runs along Washington Street .	routes
Four levels of parking already existed at the site ; the fifth through ninth floors would be parking as well .	existed
He established his own business as a chemist in 1834 , having set himself up at the corner of Founders ' Court , Lothbury .	corner
Also known as Flower Street ( Rua das Flores ) , it is one of the first major pedestrian streets in Brazil .	streets
It is often assumed that a tournament has precisely one Group of Death .	assumed
In October 2015 , the company received USD 8 Million follow-up funding at Series B led by Gobi Partners and Richmond Global .	funding
It was posed to answer three concerns of the U.S. military : Would bombing the Democratic Republic of Vietnam hinder its support of the southern insurgency ?	concerns
In the south wall of the chancel is a single-light window , and a doorway with pointed arch .	window
These knives are available with and without " Granton edge " .	edge
According to executive producer Robert Carlock : " This actually happened .	happened
Tumor promotion can be induced with treatments of 12- " O " -tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate ( TPA ) in some models of two-stage carcinogenesis .	promotion
Edward Vaux 's wife Elizabeth died 17 April 1658 , aged 71 .	aged
In 1994 Talks with Spedeworth once again were entered into as both divisions struggled to put cars on track in large numbers .	divisions
She resigned when the first of her children were born .	resigned
It is a UK-based startup company focused on technological solutions to property rentals .	focused
Tribe argued that EPA 's use of the Clean Air Act to implement its Clean Power Plan was unconstitutional .	argued
The team signed the wideout to a future / reserve contract in February .	reserve
In Kansas , legislation is waiting for a vote .	legislation
It is distinguishable from the Mars Light in that the ratio of vertical oscillations to horizontal oscillations is unitary , producing a circular or elliptical scan effect .	producing
Urban poverty encourages the formation and demand for slums .	demand
The European Union has announced that has found a new and better marker to replace Solvent Yellow 124 .	replace
Additionally , goods from Ethiopia are also exported through the facility .	goods
H16s at speed in choppy waters are prone to " pitch-pole " .	waters
Norman 's early childhood was relatively happy and stable .	childhood
The government is pursuing a two-pronged strategy to increase tourism .	strategy
The album was also released in " edited " and " clean " versions .	edited
Tony Esposito 's backup for the early portion of his career , Bannerman finally got a chance to shine in the first round of the 1982 playoffs .	chance
Ball 's maternal grandfather was a coal miner .	coal
Von der Meden died on 23 May 1911 , aged 69 .	aged
Also around this time Joseph Crosfield bought the machinery from a nearby corn mill .	mill
In some cases , nests also help provide safety in numbers for egg-laying animals .	safety
Each of the cars is near-empty from the long drive , and nobody has cell service .	drive
It has a black head , brown upper parts and pale grey underparts .	brown
COLD-PCR has been used to improve the reliability of a number of different assays that traditionally use conventional PCR .	improve
She is upset when she finds Roy cancelling the arrangements early in the morning , and that he has informed half of the guests .	morning
But he must guard against falling into any specific , routine approach .	guard
The agreement benefited both sides , as MVG gained increased exposure and a vastly improved seeder base while EZTV expanded the list of shows available through them .	improved
From one man ’ s dream has sprung a movement spreading hope and opportunity in Zimbabwe .	opportunity
Butler served as chairman of the joint Republican caucus from 1964 to 1966 , and as minority leader from 1966 to 1971 .	joint
The standard rules for card play in trick-taking games hold , with one exception : It is always allowed to trump instead of following suit .	card
However , Ducasse closed the restaurant at Essex House in January 2007 .	restaurant
Then all died except for a she-monkey , who gave birth to ten humans at a time .	humans
As with the previous station , the platforms are in an island configuration .	platforms
Rotheide and Gerhard Narholz establish Sonoton as a company in Munich , Germany .	establish
At Santa Clara , he chaired the department of mathematics for 35 years , from 1967 to 2002 .	mathematics
Mustard played professionally on the Grand Prix tennis circuit during the 1980s and won an ATP Challenger tournament in Sutton in 1984 .	tennis
In 2012 the city narrowly escaped another flood , despite extensive work by the Environment Agency to clear local river channels since the 2007 event .	extensive
Angel had spied Lilah during the speech and at first thinks she is behind it , but she was simply keeping an eye on Wesley .	speech
Bell TV is currently working towards shutting down these types of devices .	devices
The implementation of the infrastructure commenced with the holding of the first meeting of the Board of Governors in June 1979 .	holding
is a spin-off adventure visual novel game developed by CyberAgent and published by Bandai Namco Games for the PlayStation Vita , released on November 19 , 2015 .	visual
Founded by Haydn Davis the cars were at first of the " plan and pattern " car ) type similar to the JC Midge .	pattern
The Court thus held that the purchase violated 18 U.S.C .	purchase
For instance , someone with an insecure attachment style with their parents may in turn , have a very secure , and confident relationship with God .	instance
The team failed to defend the league title for another season , finishing in third place .	finishing
His death leads to terrible repercussions for Albert in the third series .	leads
Bing 's activities were important , perhaps crucial , to the Japanese influence on Art Nouveau .	perhaps
Pauline Croft is an English historian , professor , and writer .	historian
In 2006 the Hunter team ran cold more than hot , and players were inconsistent and at times intimidated .	cold
In the making of the video was included a team of 70 people and a budget of € 80,000 .	budget
Stuyvesant had met Hunt in Paris , and considered him to be the best architect for the project .	architect
A 2004 Newspoll that asked : " Are you personally in favour or against changing the Australian flag so as to remove the Union Jack emblem ? "	flag
Ratner owned 51 % of the investment arm of Lehigh Acres .	investment
In particular , families with divorced parents may struggle with communication concerning a child 's illness and treatment .	communication
This unique contribution to Welsh photography is being preserved and digitised with sponsorship from the Big Lottery Fund .	preserved
In recent times , the startup culture in Pakistan has boomed with many players trying to change the healthcare segment as well .	trying
Further repressions were prevented by Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union .	invasion
Excessive irrigation brings salts to the surface , forming salt marshes that dry into unusable clay flats .	forming
It has also been reported that with smaller payloads , the Agni-III can hit strategic targets well beyond 3,500 km .	beyond
The 14th Street Viaduct connects Hoboken to Paterson Plank Road in Jersey City Heights .	14th
1 for the third time after 1998 and 2001 , despite not reaching a Grand Slam final .	reaching
James Edward Gill ( 1901 – January 26 , 1980 ) was a scientist , teacher , explorer and mine developer .	mine
Past this intersection , the name changes to Hardscrabble Road and the road becomes undivided again .	intersection
The Swedish title lists were found at The Swedish Film Classification Board in 1998 .	lists
It should be chanted always irrespective of whether one is in a pure or impure condition .	condition
The Midcounties Co-operative operates 74 Post Offices employing 293 colleagues , remaining the fourth largest multiple operator of Post Offices in the UK .	operates
Operation Avalanche is the name given to the Allied invasion of Italy in 1943 .	invasion
Adults rarely fight owing to the risk of falling .	risk
This method will only be effective if the nipple can be temporarily protracted .	effective
I 'm almost there but I 'm not quite there . "	quite
Center staff help participants find employment with outside businesses upon graduation .	businesses
Its four faces were installed in 1908 by Howard Clock Company of New York .	installed
In April 2008 , Sun released servers based on the UltraSPARC T2 Plus processor , an SMP capable version of UltraSPARC T2 .	capable
He claimed his first top-class wicket by dismissing Ramnaresh Sarwan , caught by Daryll Cullinan for 72 .	caught
She hired out a room to a young chemistry student , Josef Kruis .	hired
Furthermore , Twitter has been used as a real-time source for various public health applications .	applications
The Trinity hurler struck out 169 batters during that championship season and walked only four batters the entire season .	struck
Norris died on August 5 , 2008 from heart failure , a complication of his long-time struggle with diabetes .	failure
" , and contributed to the third series of Grumpy Old Women in the same year .	contributed
The lodge and the entrance to the grave yard on Nottingham Road were designed by H.I .	entrance
In 1984 , the two parts of the Faculty split , resulting in the creation of the School of Agronomy and the School of Veterinary Sciences .	creation
During his tenure Novartis shares fell 10 % , compared to the industry average .	shares
We will specifically discuss about terrestrial locomotion in detail in the next section .	specifically
Often the construction quality is inadequate to withstand heavy rains , high winds , or other local climate and location .	climate
Angel , following the guidance of the Caritas Host , enters into a series of three mysterious trials in an attempt to save her life .	save
She received the Dutch Music Prize in 2003 , and the distinguished Royal Philharmonic Society Instrumentalist Award in Britain in 2009 .	distinguished
The group issued press releases and sent representatives to appear in news media .	press
The visible remains date to the Early Classic but they overlie Late Preclassic construction .	visible
At the reception , Nick sees Hannah , but after being introduced to her new boyfriend , he leaves abruptly .	sees
A 2015 report studied 20 fossil fuel companies and found that , while highly profitable , the hidden economic cost to society was also large .	fuel
The development of the RhoGAM vaccine has been called one of the ten greatest medical breakthroughs of the 20th Century .	greatest
During this time , due to the SyndEx rules , programming airing on other stations in Monroe was replaced by CNN Headline News .	programming
In 2006 , he was once again the starter at left defensive end , playing 16 games , starting 15 and recorded 29 tackles and no sacks .	defensive
Upon Real Murcia 's promotion to La Liga , Noel-Williams was transferred to Elche CF who finished 18 points behind Murcia in the Segunda División .	promotion
A new year message by Tim Peake was broadcast by the BBC to celebrate 2016 .	message
One MahaStupa , fifteen regular-sized and approximately one hundred small Stupas have been discovered in the Chandavaram Buddhist site .	hundred
Executives at Raycom felt in the end that the game was a few years premature given the changes occurring in the Soviet Union at the time .	felt
In his quest to become a parody artist , Fielder suggests they mock the Rolling Stones , due to their age .	suggests
The section invited readers to " fume with the feminists who banned " Space Moose " from the university network . "	invited
Höltring died together with thirteen of his men when the boat that rescued half of his crew , , was sunk 13 days later .	boat
The details of the Mohini story varies by the Purana and region , but she is consistently an enchantress avatar of the supreme in Vaishnavism .	details
Hobbies - active lifestyle , including ice hockey , football .	hockey
The transported goods were intended to last six months .	goods
She aspires to create a national hotline for bullying victims and their parents to use .	victims
In the United States , statutes of repose are a part of legislative proposals for " tort reform " .	reform
The Tocumen VOR-DME ( Ident : TUM ) is located northeast of the airport .	northeast
Today , Pajar produces more than 900,000 pairs of boots a year .	produces
Mutations in Edn1-pathway in zebrafish are known to lead to deformities of the opercular series shape and size .	shape
His performance was a contrast to his earlier efforts in 1997 , when he scored ducks in two limited overs matches for a Scotland XI against Durham .	contrast
In the late 1940s Abbeydale Park in Dore , a suburb of Sheffield , hosted two matches .	suburb
Equine gastric ulcer syndrome ( EGUS ) is a common cause of colic and decreased performance in horses .	horses
In 1872 , Maryland state law required the creation of at least one school for each district with over 15 school-age colored children .	creation
The main building of the University of Wuppertal is located in the suburb of Elberfeld on Grifflenberg .	suburb
Kawasaki released a homologation special , the ZX-10RR with modified cylinder head .	modified
At the time of its acquisition by the Sheraton Corporation in 1956 , it was the largest privately held hotel business in the United States .	hotel
The song reached number 12 on the iTunes Pop chart , and resultantly debuted at number 27 on the " Billboard " Pop Digital Songs chart .	debuted
Oyibo Ugbo migrated to their present location from Ugbo Okpala centuries ago during a land dispute between the ugbo okpala people and mmaku people .	centuries
Neither found burials or grave goods ; Greenwell found a feature approximating a shallow grave .	goods
The World Database of Happiness is a tool to acquire an overview on the ever-growing stream of research findings on happiness .	stream
Her hulk was sunk as a target on 1 March 1971 .	target
The main evidence at the inquest was given by the scientific witnesses .	scientific
A luxury liner row was built between West 44th and West 52nd Street to handle larger liners in the 1930s .	1930s
It was made from purple stone or clay and protected the Jewish people from persecutors in Prague .	protected
The " Lead " columns on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a given poll .	difference
Players born between 1 January 1998 and 31 December 2002 were eligible to compete in the tournament .	compete
Stephen Gerendi saved his life when he shot a waylaying Turk during the siege and thus was rewarded the right to bear personal coat of arms .	arms
Steigerwald conceived and developed the first practical electron-beam welding machine , which began operation in 1958 .	machine
The second edition , printed by Rand , Avery & Co , appeared in 1878 , with 167 pages of new material .	printed
Between 1992 and 2001 , exports of logs and sawn timber increased from 50,000 to 2,000,000 cubic meters per year .	meters
Siderophyllite , a relatively rare mineral , occurs as large crystals in a metasomatised albite-rich albitite dike .	rare
In July 1856 , " Arctic " returned to sea to make depth soundings in preparation for the laying of the first transatlantic telegraph cable .	depth
Mars Lights are signal-safety lights used in the United States and built by Mars Signal Light Company for railroad locomotives and firefighting apparatus .	railroad
In 1962 , Joyce Chen published her influential cookbook , the " Joyce Chen Cook Book " .	influential
Many of his officers later became leading figures of the warlord period .	figures
The reputation of the 40 / 50 , and Rolls-Royce , was established .	reputation
The " Mesitornis " species are monogamous ; " Monias benschi " is polygamous and unlike the other two shows significant sexual dichromatism .	sexual
Kenneth is still not convinced about the whole idea , but Tracy manages to change his mind .	mind
Both sides were called upon to conclude agreements about nonviolence , the return of refugees and internally displaced persons in the Gali region .	persons
In addition to the wild discus , several captive variants achieved by selective breeding exist .	exist
Production officially started on 28 September 2016 with a base price of .	price
In her review , she wrote , " The overall feel of this album is entrancing , inasmuch as I would describe Tool . "	feel
After retirement , Brunt stayed in Oxford and continued his academic research .	stayed
The foliage ( both leaves and young stems ) is pubescent , variably covered in fine silky , silvery hairs about 1 mm long .	fine
The American-180 is an improved version .	improved
The court is headed by a Chief Judge or President , two Associate Chief Judges / Vice Presidents and unknown number of regular Justices .	headed
Sebastián Gorčík ( born September 5 , 1995 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player .	hockey
The Tai Le script has a long history ( 700 – 800 years ) and has used several different orthographic conventions .	script
Cyclic corrosion testing is better suited to this .	testing
Darla tries to hide her true feelings , but Angel senses her human-like feelings towards her unborn child .	tries
Yucie herself looks almost identical to the character of Lisa from " Princess Maker 3 " , including the hairstyle and unusually large forehead .	herself
Rice was once offered $ 500,000 for one of her claims , but decided to hold out for twice that amount .	claims
Margaritaville Resort Biloxi is a resort hotel in Biloxi on the Mississippi Gulf Coast .	hotel
The Fourteenth Amendment even provides lawyers with the legal justification , in the Supreme Court , to protect an entities right to privacy .	protect
On Sundays this is reduced to two trains per hour in both directions .	hour
This way potential consumers can use this meta-information by comparing it against their performance requirements .	requirements
She first came to the attention of the FBI as a result of a Venona message in late 1948 .	message
The four boys all attended Brighton College .	boys
The Sony NEX-C3 is a digital camera announced 8 June 2011 .	camera
In contrast , the first 23 league games had been played over a period of five months .	contrast
He was Military Editor of Chambers Encyclopedia from 1938 to 1957 and became an authority on the history of land warfare .	authority
His latest research concerns music , culture , and human evolution .	concerns
His simplicity in presentation and innocent narration always attracted the readers .	attracted
not necessarily 1 ) , while general curvilinear coordinates could also have nonzero entries for off-diagonal components .	components
Professional science in Canada began with the founding of the Geological Survey of Canada , by the Legislature of the Province of Canada , in 1841 .	founding
Only the more modern frigates , corvettes and missile crafts are on active duty .	duty
Additional papers are held by the James Madison University library .	papers
The details of his precise biography are not known , but he became and alderman in the 1240s , and served as Sheriff 1257-8 .	details
Since the European countries did not feel responsible for the removal of these explosives , the Libyan government had to pay for this dangerous work .	feel
" A Bit of What You Fancy " drew positive reviews and was compared favourably to British rock names such as Rod Stewart and The Faces .	drew
Aggresome formation is a highly regulated process which possibly serves to organize misfolded proteins into a single location .	possibly
The opposition candidate , Christian Democrat Patricio Aylwin , won the election with 55 % of the vote , and took office on 11 March 1990 .	opposition
The song was released on July 11 , 2000 as the first single from " Pokémon 2000 " soundtrack album .	soundtrack
For example , commercial fields in Argentina and Colombia vary in yield range from 450 to 1250 kg / ha .	fields
The orphanage housed about 450 children , who slept in a room as big as a gymnasium filled with dozens of beds .	filled
In 2012 , her poetry collection " The Glass Delusion was " published by Salt Publishing .	poetry
It is worth noting that these would probably have been Chinese martial art forms .	worth
It was to settle a difference of opinion , in the then accepted manner .	difference
Some reports have been exaggerated to credit the length of the run to as much as 160 yards .	credit
The other option in changing the workday is to lengthen it .	option
as a free school for girls in Thiruvananthapuram .	girls
A continuing program is in place to keep pace with the growth of the student body and to maintain and rehabilitate the buildings on the campus .	maintain
Traditionally , Native Americans have been portrayed as the uncivilized villains in film .	portrayed
Frank Farrington enlisted in the Australian Army shortly after turning 18 in the last year of WWII .	shortly
When he is unable to convince Fred to close the portal , Gunn snaps Seidel 's neck and throws him into the portal .	unable
The left leg of one female in a double burial was even caught beneath the coffin lid , which archaeologists suggest indicates that she was buried alive .	caught
They would have complete control of the restaurant , but would leave the menu management to the master chef " .	restaurant
The school 's focus on communications pursuits fosters many student produced publications .	publications
Regional operators have deployed the GSM networks in Russia since 1995 , originally in the 900 MHZ frequency band .	frequency
Dr John A. Armes , Bishop of Edinburgh , but the role carries no duties .	duties
The school was rebuilt inland in a neighbouring village .	rebuilt
Inhibitors of CYP2C9 can be classified by their potency , such as :	classified
CHP leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu subsequently conducted several meetings with the leaders of the Felicity Party and the İyi Party .	meetings
She awaits the arrival of her boyfriend Max only to receive a call informing her of his death .	arrival
The track " Hold On " was supposed to close the album as track 14 but was scrapped at the last minute .	minute
He was a NEPSAC All-League First Team selection in both 2012 ( Class B ) and 2013 ( Class A ) .	selection
The operating system was acting as the first object and the peripheral as the second one .	object
After three seasons in the USFL , Bojovic had a brief career in the National Football League playing with the St. Louis Cardinals in 1985 .	brief
He condemned any ideas of self-rule and representation by Indians .	ideas
The original plot of the episode parodied the television series " Intervention " .	plot
Zapp realizes that Amy and Leela know each other , and asks the two of them to go on a double date with him and Kif .	asks
If cross products are introduced in the model , then it is a test of both heteroskedasticity and specification bias .	cross
Adie is an old and powerful sorceress , long-time friend of Chase and is one of Richard and Zedd 's most trusted allies .	powerful
Lauren noticed Bailey 's suspicious behaviour and he told her that he missed his father and could not " make sense of the tragedy . "	sense
“ Becke ’ s device ” was made possible by the non-latch-up IGBT .	device
28 was repeatedly struck by John Llewellyn 's car and was eventually forced to spin off .	struck
Other file comparison programs find block moves .	block
He eventually ranked it the second-best film of the decade , behind only " Synecdoche , New York " .	decade
Males of most species are usually pale to mid powder blue .	blue
The website included a section called " Clobberin ' , " about the controversial comic strip .	comic
In 1856 , the first underwater telegraph cable in Canada was laid , linking Cape Ray , Newfoundland and Aspy , Nova Scotia .	laid
Workers would eagerly look forward to it and would call it ‘ Precious Evening Glass ’ which in short became ‘ peg ’ .	look
" Caltiki - The Immortal Monster " was released theatrically in Italy on 8 August 1959 where it was distributed by Lux Film .	distributed
Back in Gadsden , Brock first worked as a truck driver for the Brook-Martin Oil Company .	driver
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international version of the classification .	classification
The Piedmontese cavalry immediately crossed over , followed by the artillery , prompting the Austrians to retreat - 400 were captured .	artillery
The house has later additions including a 20th-century extension .	extension
Reconstructed images of the surface show bright spots that are attributed to giant convection cells .	images
Access to free transportation is a key component in facilitating racial diversity in magnet schools .	racial
Sydney Barnes ( 129 ) became the best paid cricketer by spurning county cricket to play in the Lancashire leagues .	cricket
Each year 's winner is determined by the previous year 's sales .	determined
A blonde bartender comforts a saddened friend , who suggests that she go back to work .	suggests
Balinor returns to Tyrsis to activate the Border Legion only to find that it has been disbanded .	returns
White oak has tyloses that give the wood a closed cellular structure , making it water- and rot-resistant .	wood
This involved combined rowing and sailing ships ( without artillery ) .	artillery
Atrash later remarked that " It was not agreeable to know that we owed our freedom to defeat . "	freedom
Live performers such as television talk-show hosts sometimes deliver material that sounds ad-libbed but is actually scripted .	hosts
Kyle Rayner was chosen to wield the last ring because he knew fear , and Parallax had been released from the Central Power Battery .	ring
A few strategies have been developed to improve the quality of exome data such as :	improve
He was a son and successor of Bagrat IV and his wife Borena of Alania .	successor
Food taken in captivity includes amphibians , birds , insects , reptiles , and small- to medium-sized mammals .	birds
She was one of contestants in the reality show " Bigg Boss 9 " on Colors TV and was evicted on December 7 , 2015 .	reality
The structural engineer of record was Chavez-Grieves Consulting Engineers .	engineer
On Gerlach I abdication in 1346 , John and his brothers divided the family lands .	lands
The only remaining section of narrow gauge line , running from a point on the outskirts of Damascus into Jordan , is operated by Jordan Hejaz Railways .	narrow
The per capita income for the CDP was $ 12,964 .	capita
He is also an artist with works on display with the Art of the Olympians .	display
This time Jean Adam Mayer 's division of the " Army of the Ardennes " was posted on the right flank near Binche .	posted
On July 20 , 2018 , the media covering the OVC released their preseason poll with the Skyhawks predicted to finish in third place .	covering
The old side is back and determined to show these " newbies " a thing or two about the beautiful game .	determined
In September 1958 he was reported scouting locations in Australia to do a remake of H. Rider Haggard 's " She " .	locations
A strong science connection has been revived with regular " Science at the Savile " talks .	connection
The winters are usually mild under Atlantic influence , the summers moderately warm and the rainfall relatively evenly distributed .	distributed
Benmore Dam is the largest dam within the Waitaki power scheme , located in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand 's South Island .	scheme
One of those initiatives began in 2010 with a partnership with bullfrogpower .	partnership
The sample size , controls , and methodology of that study were criticized .	criticized
Cardinal Carlo Bellisomi , the Bishop of Cesena , seemed a viable candidate ( " papabile " ) , with some eighteen committed votes .	committed
As more of " Spinosaurus " s skull became known , later research maintained separation of the two taxa .	maintained
On Lap 84 Gordon crashed heavily in Turn 6 but walked away .	heavily
Charlie Parker is particularly noted for his groundbreaking solo techniques that is still widely admired today .	techniques
Luton were knocked out of the FA Cup by Southampton , a side two leagues higher , on 2 January in a narrow 1 – 0 defeat .	narrow
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences .	annually
Once the treatment plan is agreed to by all parties , the patient is required to follow the plan while living in the community .	follow
Media Center sports a user interface that is optimized for use from a distance with large fonts and icons .	user
That is not an ideal inflicted on any citizen when we have a better path .	path
Growing Up is a 1982 memoir by author and journalist Russell Baker .	journalist
He suggested the memorial could be created in Postman 's Park in the City of London .	suggested
It was founded in 1890 and will be celebrating its 125th year of existence ( tercentenary ) in 2015 .	existence
The film 's exteriors were shot in a street due to be demolished near Latimer Road tube station in West London .	demolished
It is also recommended that the tea cup or tea pot used be rinsed with hot water prior to brewing the tea to warm the vessels .	vessels
Also , Wesley , living as a recluse in his apartment , gets an offer from Lilah for a job at Wolfram & Hart .	gets
The match ended 1 – 1 and after no goals were scored in extra time , penalties would decide which team would go through .	extra
The nursery operation produces about one million seedlings per year , which are mostly planted in and around Mexico City .	produces
Next , the couples met with their personal trainers on the beach .	beach
Pieris entered the University of Ceylon to study medicine .	medicine
, the Santa Clara County Library had a combined collection totaling 1.95 million items and served a combined population of 439,004 .	items
On 27 September Crook announced he would not be attending federal National Party of Australia party room meetings .	meetings
Subscribers could also buy selected DVDs or games at a reduced price , should they choose to keep the movie or game .	price
Playart offered other sizes of cars and various vehicles .	vehicles
Relatively few details of Felix 's life are known .	details
One of the hallmarks of Yeo 's personal style is the amount of personal attention he gives to his scholars .	scholars
The church is recorded as being in use again by the Church of Ireland by 1755 and was restored extensively in 1843 .	restored
His candidature citation read : " " Member of the General Medical Council .	read
During the chorus , they begin to showcase their talents such as dancing and juggling .	begin
Both additional discs contain eight tracks .	contain
This time Karam reacted by raising an army of 500 men to protect the Maronites in the Mount Lebanon area .	protect
Consequently , modern authors consider a Chattian ( Late Oligocene ) age more likely and suggest the fossil came from the Cooper or Chandler Bridge Formation .	authors
He worked as a picture framer and illustrator in these cities .	picture
In 2005 , he did an episodic role in " C.I.D " , where he played the negative character of ACP Praduman 's son , Nakul .	negative
The convention was later modified in 1900 .	modified
Conversely , differentiating " x " with respect to " " :	respect
In June , the court upheld a key part of the law and rejected Felker 's appeal . "	rejected
He is one of the first male child stars of American motion pictures beginning his career in 1913 at the age of four .	motion
Agents of social change is a phrase once widely used by Canadian student newspapers to describe a doctrine of activist civic journalism .	newspapers
Bessell provided immediate relief by resuming the weekly cash retainer , but this was a short-term respite .	weekly
It is currently headed by Donald Mansager .	headed
This was suppressed , with many deaths , and at very high costs to the Empire .	costs
It is a read-mapping algorithm and it aligns the reads to a reference genome .	reference
Examples include the olivine basalt pahoehoe which emerged from Mount Matavanu from 1905 to 1911 , and the Mauga Afi chain of spatter cones of 1902 .	chain
Their name derives from the Singleton family , who made a speciality of this style in the 17th century .	17th
The band echoed its country upbringing in one of its first trade articles : " We 're country first and crossover second .	articles
The region experiences tectonic activity with frequent earthquakes .	experiences
In August 1991 Wilson provided lead vocals for the debut solo album by Robin Casinader ( ex-the Wreckery ) , " All This Will Be Yours " .	vocals
The 11th Pan American Games were held in Havana , Cuba from August 2 to August 18 , 1991 .	11th
It was demolished in 1969 .	demolished
In the league 's 7-year existence Gilbert was its 7th all-time highest goal scorer with 36 .	existence
Media of the Central Africa is controlled by the government .	controlled
The flowers are followed by woody capsules which are 7 to 10 cm long .	flowers
It is affiliated with Shivaji University .	affiliated
Now imagine that this woman grows up and has children with a brown-haired man who also has a Bb genotype .	grows
The Environment Protection ( Litter and Waste Control ) Regulation 2013 is intended to improve the management of the importation of non-biodegradable materials .	improve
He competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , where he placed 17th in the men 's singles .	17th
This enabled him to financially carry out his numerous investments and startups .	carry
The duo manage to save Marceline .	save
They were drawn in Group G alongside Chelsea , Schalke 04 , and Sporting CP .	drawn
Today , Wichmannshausen is best known as part of a line of scientific genealogy stretching from Mencke to Gauss and to many other mathematicians .	scientific
The LEGO MINDSTORMS EV3 set includes motors , sensors , the EV3 programmable brick , 550 + LEGO Technic elements and a remote control .	brick
The relative proportions of the border are approximatively : Red 3 , each of the others 1 .	relative
Nazarkhan was born into a family of musicians in 1976 in Asaka city , Uzbek SSR .	musicians
This is an " incomplete " list of Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from its establishment in 1801 up until the present .	establishment
When this opinion was brought to Lem 's attention , he denied that .	denied
In 1974 , ONAS was established to manage the sanitation sector .	sector
What the BMA gunners were unaware of , however , was that " Antioquia " was at the receiving end of their barrage .	receiving
Although not intended for a theatrical audience , " Stop That Tank ! "	audience
During the Crusader period , the Christian presence resumed at Emmaus , and the Byzantine church was restored .	restored
The reason for its large refugee population can be attributed to more than just geography .	reason
Apart from being a fellow , excellence can also be rewarded by receiving one of the following honours :	receiving
The town is at a distance of 410 km south of the capital Yerevan and 94 km south of the provincial centre Kapan .	provincial
Titusville is served by SCAT 's # 1 , # 2 , and # 5 routes .	routes
" Special routes of U.S. Route 18	routes
The flowers are white and seen from May to September .	flowers
They concluded that this film " remains among Chan 's best " .	concluded
Mackenzie told Daniel Kilkelly from Digital Spy that he does share some similarities with Bailey , which include reading comics and playing video games .	reading
Different colors and styles represent different ranks including soldiers , cadets , lieutenants , captains , majors , colonels , commissioner , and even the General .	represent
Lee accordingly dispatched Ewell to Auburn at dawn to rescue Stuart and his cavalry setting up the Second Battle of Auburn the following day .	setting
Genetic disorders are diseases that are caused by a single allele of a gene and are inherited in families .	gene
Chad Crumm 's production makes you feel like you are in the room with them .	feel
These teams are distinct from a club 's youth team , which usually consists of players under a certain age and plays in an age-specific league .	distinct
In 2000 , the third volume , " Warranted Christian Belief " , was published .	volume
It relies on a partnership with China to revive the production of the company .	partnership
Libro , a bookstore chain , is headquartered in Toshima .	chain
She is appalled by what they do , but admits her feelings for them have become powerful , and as such apparently forgets her distaste .	powerful
The study of slavery in comparative perspective , ranging from the ancient world to the 19th century , has attracted numerous historians since the 1960s .	attracted
" Lady 's Adventure " , Darby , master , arrived at Elsinore on 10 June 1806 , having received assistance from " Charles " .	assistance
It is possible to apply for Premium Processing on an already-submitted application .	application
However the flat type that both groups can buy is restricted to two-room HDB flats in non-mature estates .	flat
However , the relentless wind shear exposed the system 's circulation until it dissipated in the mid-Atlantic on September 29 .	wind
In this , it sees itself as " essentially different from the traditional Zen Buddhists who aimed principally at Dharma-transmission for the sake of Dharma-transmission " .	sees
Nichols 's four-year-old sister Fannie died several years before Nichols was born ; she accidentally set herself on fire while playing with matches .	herself
The loser is the " odd man out " , or the minority choice in the case of large groups .	choice
Title reigns are determined either by professional wrestling matches between different wrestlers involved in pre-existing scripted feuds , plots , and storylines , or by scripted circumstances .	determined
Shastri had stood in for Gavaskar and opened with Srikkanth in two matches of the 1983 World Cup .	stood
Predator ( 2010 ) game , there is a " Nethead " skin for the alien which has the net-induced scars on its head .	skin
The small circulation weakened rapidly after landfall , and the system dissipated the next day .	rapidly
Inner FM can also be listened to through a live audio stream , accessible via the station 's website .	stream
In March 2007 , the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented .	cards
He was signed by A.C. Prato in a temporary deal in January 2011 .	temporary
He is considered one of the greatest exponents of the French school .	greatest
However , by early 1925 , her condition had worsened and she was diagnosed as having tuberculosis .	condition
Inhibitors of CYP2C8 can be classified by their potency , such as :	classified
It is located at , at an elevation of around 2400 metres .	elevation
Using this assay , it was found that the DNA sequence encodes for the position of plectonemic supercoils .	sequence
The disposition also threatened the Austrian army , arrayed along the Adige and the main road from Verona to Trento and Austria .	threatened
Male parents soak their breast plumage in water while drinking , allowing their chicks to drink from the absorbed moisture on their return .	allowing
It is no longer an airline but a branding that is used to sell Austrian Airlines ' own leisure offers .	sell
The present station has two boats on station .	boats
Video instruction combined the ease of the filmstrip with automatically synchronized audio and full motion video .	motion
His maternal grandmother was a Polish revolutionary , killed in Auschwitz , whose name is still affixed to schools , factories and streets throughout Poland .	streets
The Coventry Premier trademark continued to be used by Singer until c1927 when they ceased bicycle production .	ceased
Liverpool became a financial centre , rivalled by Bristol , another slaving port , and beaten only by London .	port
After getting to his feet , Childress responded by running into Wagstaff with a raised forearm just as Wagstaff got off a shot .	getting
In fact , the film 's original press kit confirms that the film was shot in the 1.85 : 1 aspect ratio .	press
For such situations , graphical editing software may be responsible for dithering images prior to saving them in such restrictive formats .	images
Marymount 's enrollment began to decline .	decline
He also scored the game 's winning touchdown on a quarterback sneak .	touchdown
This is the first album to quote the phrase , which eventually became AFI 's permanent acronym .	permanent
In 1986 when Markus Wolf retired , Großmann was promoted to head of the HVA and deputy minister of state security .	deputy
In the following year he established himself as a leading contender for the Kentucky Derby with wins in the Holy Bull Stakes and the Fountain of Youth Stakes	wins
He compiled a 136-68-1 record from 1988 – 2005 in his previous stint , considered by most as the greatest turnaround in college football history .	greatest
In 2001 he made " Alien American " , a documentary film about a woman who claimed to be coming from another planet .	documentary
Wolraad once more urged his horse into the water but by now the desperation amongst the sailors was tremendous .	horse
There were many reasons why war did not resume .	reasons
Over the next six weeks , the peasant army attracted hundreds of recruits from their friends and extended families in both Cazin and the neighboring Croat districts .	attracted
This region experiences hot and dry summers , with average daily high temperatures of 90 – 100 ° F .	experiences
In Bulqiza and Krasta , is present the biggest sources of chronium .	biggest
Their single was also number-one on both charts .	charts
In addition , American soldiers trapped within the bowl were allowed to surrender unless they too offered more than token resistance .	resistance
" For the former hotel in Cannes , see Château Vallombrosa . "	hotel
Dicraspeda is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :	containing
In January 2009 , he read four CBeebies Bedtime stories on " The Bedtime Hour " .	read
It was inspired by and created in partnership with Tom Axworthy .	partnership
Duret haemorrhages can be demonstrated by medical imaging techniques of CT or MRI though difficult .	techniques
Howard County eliminated one class of segregated students a year , taking 11 years to implement integrated classes .	eliminated
Upon physical contact with one another , Gelflings can share thoughts , memories , and emotions by a process called " dreamfasting " .	contact
The first mention of a village named Tammela was in documents from 1423 .	documents
In this center , they carry out :	carry
" Lyn " was born in Rochester , New York , where her father , Maynard Lamar Cassady , was teaching religion at the University .	religion
Until 1991 , establishing a private sector bank in Turkey wasn 't easy and was subject to strict government controls and regulations .	sector
At the same time , the modernists criticized fundamentalists for their separatism and their rejection of the Social Gospel .	criticized
This phenomenon is widely understood to occur due to fatigue .	occur
Mona Inglesby died at Bexhill-on-Sea on 6 October 2006 aged 88 .	aged
Dr. Walsh was asked about this in a podcast interview with Dennis McCauley , owner of gamepolitics.com .	interview
The Yaga fire was originally lit by the Yajnacharyan on the 10th day of May 2012 at 06.00 a.m. during the 1st Yaga at Kochi , Kerala .	10th
Despite the contact , Stewart only suffered cosmetical damages on his front wing .	contact
This is believed to be the first time a newspaper employed an aircraft for newsgathering purposes .	purposes
It may also be considered a gapped blues scale .	scale
The wind shear slowly weakened , and early on September 12 Tropical Depression Eight developed about 1125 miles ( 1815 km ) east of the Lesser Antilles .	wind
He also worked with the defensive line .	defensive
Sultan Sayyid Said bin Sultan sent a governor to Lamu around 1814 .	governor
Alabama is among the world 's best-selling bands of all time , having sold a combined 75 million records worldwide .	bands
Political commitment , adequate human and financial resources , and advocacy are needed for the integration of mental health into PHC in Pakistan .	resources
Preston was a boomtown of the Industrial Revolution , becoming a densely populated engineering centre , with large industrial plants .	engineering
Standards and handbooks stipulate a well-developed flow profile ; velocities will be lower at the pipe wall than in the centre but not eccentric or jetting .	flow
Muslims recite the bismillah before performing any work ; and when they finish , they thank God for his favors by reciting this verse .	performing
There is a population of the endemic and endangered Nilgiri laughing-thrush at the Anginda-Sispara belt inside the Silent Valley National Park .	endemic
The spare air unit is commonly carried in a small pouch which can be attached to the diver 's harness or buoyancy compensator .	attached
Malta was reached without incident .	incident
Giovanni Maria Conti , also called Giovanni dalla Camera ( Parma , active 1617-1670 ) was an Italian painter active during the Baroque period in Parma .	painter
The original specific name " smarti " was amended to " smartae " to reflect the correct gender of the person being honoured .	gender
Its natural habitat is in riverine or evergreen forest , or moist woodland , where there are fruit-bearing trees .	habitat
An example by American poet Kenn Nesbitt :	poet
Susan and Tom share a kiss and his feelings for her cause him to tell her that he needs to spend some time alone .	needs
Originally , bisphosphonates were expected to be of value after hip surgery but there has been no convincing evidence of benefit , despite having been used prophylactically .	surgery
The powers described below are ascribed to the original pre- " Crisis " Vartox .	powers
The ships were handed over for conversion by Fenco MacLaren Incorporated ( later SNC-Lavalin Defence Programs Inc . ) at Halifax , Nova Scotia and commissioned .	commissioned
Thaksin introduced government programs which greatly benefited rural areas of the country .	greatly
The first 300 square foot Kamloops warehouse outlet opened in the Spring of 2004 .	foot
Six bodyguards of Saad were killed and several people injured .	injured
They are classified under three groups according to the photoperiods : short-day plants , long-day plants , and day-neutral plants .	classified
Future research should also target patient satisfaction .	target
A panel of experts would attempt to answer questions submitted by listeners .	questions
It has yellow hairs on the body and pale to white hairs on the head .	yellow
Smith insisted on eventually releasing all of the videos on YouTube , saying , " It 's not about money for us .	videos
Ward enjoyed the scene so much that he decided to write an entire episode based around high-fives .	write
High levels of DHEA have been linked to breast cancer .	linked
All of the materials prepared for the election on behalf of the City of Hermosa Beach were available on the city 's website .	prepared
He uses the Exploding Fang ability , which seems to be a fusion of Agito 's Fang and Om 's Bubblegum Crisis .	seems
All the boys have a crush on her but she has crush on beacon .	boys
WYSL streams most of its programming on the Internet .	programming
Axworthy declined , denying that he was responsible for any wrongdoing .	declined
She was sometimes credited as " Lois Collyer " .	credited
For example , here are the widths of the links in the example at the top of the page :	page
Andrey Rublev won the title , defeating Jaume Antoni Munar Clar in the final , 6 – 2 , 7 – 5 .	defeating
Towards the middle of the 12th century when the manor fell Diocese of Avignon on which city had been built .	12th
These districts at times became havens for criminal outlaws from various parts of the lower Midwest and the Southwest .	criminal
It has a well-developed base and a short , smooth column .	column
The party contested the 1977 Kerala Legislative Assembly election .	contested
Zagorakis finally changed his mind and on 20 January he reprised his position as president , with Vryzas stepping down to assume the post of vice-president .	mind
In West Belfast , 15 shots were fired and an improvised grenade thrown at Woodbourne Army base .	fired
Many scholars have identified more than 1,500 African American officeholders during the Reconstruction Era ( 1863 – 1877 ) .	scholars
In 1956 – 1960 Gafarov served a sentence in a Siberian prison camp for an alleged organization of a secret youth circle .	secret
As he is departing from the office , he also informs Jim that Dwight might have a serious concussion .	serious
As was usual for boy bands in the 1990s , the band initially embarked on a publicity blitz and tours of nightclubs .	bands
In 1961 he helped to found a new technical college in Twente ( now Twente University ) , which opened in 1964 .	technical
one of his granddaughter became the Empress Dowager Guo ( Tang dynasty ) .	dynasty
The trails have varying terrain and provide moderate-to-extreme elevation conditions .	elevation
Sam 's arsenal consists of the BLADE weapons system and two types of grenades .	weapons
In early March 2010 , U.S. Army bomb disposal expert Master Sergeant Jeffrey Sarver filed a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against " The Hurt Locker " .	filed
Permanent water conservation measures were put into place in this region in 2003 ,	measures
When Olav V died in 1991 and was replaced with Harald V , Hagen continued as private secretary .	secretary
A planned construction in Thailand , called medium-speed rail , has the top speeds of .	rail
The album earned MacFarlane a Grammy Award nomination for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album .	nomination
In the ninth minute of play , the match was suspended because of heavy rainfall in Buenos Aires .	minute
After that task , she returned to the Philippines , at Samar , where she embarked Seabees for passage to China .	task
Bonaparte was injured in the thigh by a British sergeant with a bayonet .	injured
In such cases gains or losses from securities transactions are taxed under the head “ Income from Capital Gains ” .	losses
The original power unit and transmission system are changed to the parts used in the BMP-3 to standardise production and spare parts supply .	supply
Raju has participated at the " Tanjore Dance Festival " where 1000 dancers performed , securing entrance in the Limca Book of Records .	entrance
She considers herself a political prisoner of war and urges mutants into revolution .	herself
Students perform at least 100 hours of service activities throughout their years at IHS .	perform
He acquired the labels ' Marsden Thompson ' and ' the member for roads and bridges ' in Parliament .	roads
By the beginning of the 19th century it had declined and was finally shut down during the Ecclesiastical Confiscations of Mendizábal in 1835 .	declined
Primarily because of its insistence upon the prioritizing of race , class and , gender in that order .	gender
The Sauer S 2500 UL and Sauer S 2500 ULT are four-stroke aircraft engines for homebuilt aircraft	engines
This new design also saved of freeway construction , saving millions of dollars in costs .	costs
The 2006 – 07 Ottawa Senators season was the 15th season of the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .	15th
In 1922 the United Grain Growers , whose officers comprised the western bank board members , sold all of their shares in the bank .	shares
Kurundkar died due to a massive heart attack on 10 February 1982 while giving a public speech on Indian music at Aurangabad .	speech
There are large and tall buildings that go from the Crámer street to " Avenida Cabildo " and traditional houses up to three stories .	tall
He served as a member of the Norwegian parliament for several periods between and 1892 and 1918 .	parliament
WLKF ( 1430 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format .	broadcasting
For example , in 1947 he invited Olivier Messiaen to Budapest , where he both lectured and performed for two weeks .	invited
Towers 1 and 2 rank among the top 30 tallest buildings in Mexico City .	rank
He made twelve appearances during 2004 – 05 as the club won both the Scottish Premier League title and the Scottish League Cup .	twelve
The University of Wisconsin-Madison retains a collection of Eggen 's personal papers and correspondence .	papers
Member institutions are located in Alabama , Kentucky , Mississippi , Ohio , Tennessee , and Virginia .	institutions
Set in a small town near Coimbatore , ‘ Thangam ’ portrays two families headed by Rajendranath and Mahadevan respectively .	headed
An Ottoman influence has been particularly significant in forming the Turco-Tunisian community .	forming
The town was hit by a huge flood in October 1927 , which put 90 % of the area of the town under water .	huge
A week later , he learned that he had won the role of Bailey .	learned
It is now considered much more ethical for tourists to take jeep rides up to the fort , instead of riding the elephants .	fort
Symphonic movement for the victims of Buchemwald .	victims
While living in Decatur , McGinnity began playing baseball with other coal miners in their leisure time .	coal
Typically , a new steel needle is required for every record played on an old acoustic phonograph .	steel
Established in 1991 , Nicor Solutions offers energy-related billing services for residential and small business customers .	residential
Many controversies arise because an officer investigating police misconduct may show favoritism and / or hold grudges particularly when a single officer is conducting the investigation .	investigation
A poster of Quorthon breathing fire taken from the 1987 session in London 's Railway Bridge of London was included .	session
Giovanni D. Ahmad is the township manager .	township
The move was completed in August 2013 , with the station 's first music awards ceremony held in the winter of 2013 .	ceremony
Each programme revolved around a theatre-based show presented by Simon Drake and featuring illusions performed by him in various guises .	programme
Another overland series of roads , the Red River Trails , connected Fort Garry to the US .	roads
It lies near the crest of Shavers Mountain immediately north of Gaudineer Knob , the mountain 's highest peak at .	peak
A tower , which was later part of a courtyard building , is of Crusader origin .	origin
Sévry is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
The Salvation Army also fielded large concertina bands .	bands
Boston University established a scholarship in honor of Lü Lingzi , a student who died in the bombing .	honor
Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union , environmental regulation is largely unchanged in Turkmenistan .	environmental
Half of New Zealand – born Māori who arrived prior to 1971 are Australian citizens with the figure decreasing the more recently they arrived .	citizens
By the late 11th century , Martial was indeed venerated in Aquitaine as an apostle , though his legend was doubted elsewhere .	11th
On these islands the city of Tyre was founded .	islands
Today it consists of Italian stores and restaurants .	stores
Paramedics arrived three minutes later and immediately took measures to get air into his lungs .	measures
The Anglian Combination is looking to become a designated FA Charter Standard League .	looking
Kleinke is an American author and musician , and former health care entrepreneur and industry thought leader .	musician
He is a wizard of the First Order , the most powerful class of wizards .	powerful
The European portion of Turkey consists mainly of rolling plateau country well suited to agriculture .	agriculture
Friederike Brun 's published works as cited by " An Encyclopedia of Continental Women Writers " .	cited
It also includes flexible exception management that allows for multiple methods of notification .	methods
The film won 10 Academy Awards , including Best Picture , and deHavilland received her first nomination for Best Supporting Actress .	nomination
In the 1880s , western style art was banned from official exhibitions and was severely criticized by critics .	criticized
areas are the responsibility of the " Direction Générale du Génie Rurale " ( DGGR ) .	responsibility
The ninth chapter describes regions he passed through .	describes
Elbert Monroe Snipes moved to the banks of Watermelon Creek in 1788 .	banks
Liberal is an unincorporated community in Clackamas County , Oregon , United States .	unincorporated
He also oversees the care of all patients with Pulmonary Hypertension at Boston Medical Center .	patients
Virginia Natural Gas was founded in 1850 and provides natural gas service to more than 275,000 residential , commercial and industrial customers in southeastern Virginia .	residential
A lawyer and real estate agent , he was leader of the Ontario Libertarian Party from 1996 to 2011 .	lawyer
The majority permanent population of Roatán originated from the Cayman Islands near Jamaica .	permanent
He also does the Looney Tunes ending instead of Porky Pig or Bugs Bunny .	ending
In 2011 , Perterer changed to the " Elite " category .	category
( 2016 ) resurrected " Bathytoshia " for it and the broad stingray , as well as the roughtail stingray .	broad
The high grade work of this lady radiographer deserves public commendation for her painstaking and tireless energy to promote x-ray science .	promote
They currently play in Fédérale 3 , the fifth division of the French rugby pyramid .	rugby
In 1954 , he became a lecturer in conducting and opera at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy in Leipzig .	opera
The Bethany Beach Police Department has a staff of nine full-time officers .	full-time
Marty Stuart released a cover of the song in 1989 ; his version peaked at # 32 .	peaked
The FCC decided on the call letters WRJR .	letters
The race was called for Cotton just half an hour after the polls closed .	hour
Jemur Island is used by turtles to keep their eggs under the layer of beach sand .	beach
Following the death of John Lovelace on 6 May 1709 , he became the acting governor of both New Jersey and New York .	governor
The MSGF method is capable of linking length scales seamlessly .	capable
The collar is of the same colour as the clothing .	colour
The Kingdoms of Kalamar is a fantasy role-playing game campaign setting created by Kenzer and Company , originally released in 1994 .	setting
A tailor , a barber , a perfumer , a huntsman and a falconer enter .	enter
He provided backing vocals on the Merril Bainbridge song " Under the Water " for her album " The Garden " ( 1995 ) .	vocals
A board was created by the legislature to spend a 10 % tax on electric bills .	electric
In 1768 Harriott received a military appointment in the East Indies .	appointment
They will protect their eggs and their wyrmlings at any cost .	protect
" The Power of One " was included as track 1 on the soundtrack album and was released as two different CD singles in the United States .	soundtrack
Teams were ranked by points , then points difference ( points scored less points conceded ) .	difference
Thirteen cards are owned by the Colleoni family who inherited them from the Sforza family .	cards
They operate ARFF index C from December to March , and ARFF index B from April to November .	operate
A hectomillionaire has a net worth of more than 100 million units of currency .	worth
As of 1960 Stokes and Madsen founded the " University of Utah Cooperative Dinosaur Project " , with funds of the University of Utah .	funds
From that point on , the band became known as Ian and the Zodiacs , and shifted their style from jazz to rock and roll .	jazz
The Sonderkommando were almost always Jewish prisoners , hand-chosen because of their health and age , to work within the crematoria at Auschwitz-Birkenau .	prisoners
She was fired from Dunder Mifflin in the season 3 finale " The Job " .	fired
Though most migrants returned to Korea , GHQ estimates in 1946 indicated that 650,000 Koreans remained in Japan .	indicated
They took part in the Battle of Dallas during the last several days of May losing five men killed and fifteen wounded .	wounded
WBF covers many local events ; broadcasting Bartow High School football , basketball , baseball and softball .	broadcasting
He also studied theater in University of Paris ( 1980 ) .	theater
In 1992 formed the art collective FA + in collaboration with her husband , Gustavo Aguerre .	collaboration
His career was recognized by membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana and in 1983 the Palacio de Bellas Artes presented a tribute-exhibition .	membership
Near Buckland Mills , on Broad Run , Confederate cavalry commander Maj. Gen. J.E.B .	commander
The player would experience this lag when playing at home , which likely made playing the game somewhat more difficult .	somewhat
As Valo 's career moved into its final phase , he became an outstanding pinch-hitter .	phase
In that moment you understand that you are nobody , but there 's the whole world in your soul .	your
The Tanzimat provincial reforms included provisions for census counts as part of the process by which the tax and property systems were reformed .	provincial
Tippmannia rhamnusioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
Arend Johan van Glinstra ( 1754 – 31 May 1814 ) was a Dutch painter .	painter
Shmurda has been engaged in numerous incidents while incarcerated .	engaged
He served on the boat until 25 August 1941 but never went on patrol .	boat
Since the start of his career , Snoop has been an avowed cannabis smoker , making it one of the trademarks of his image .	image
To add , he had recently been caught urinating on a shopfront which caused a fan fume uproar .	caught
As such , conflicts may have created selection pressures for psychological mechanisms in men to initiate intergroup aggression .	selection
Three trains per hour each way also run on Sundays .	hour
In July 2015 , Andone was appointed as manager of FC Aktobe , leaving the club in November after finishing Third .	finishing
Maestas is employed as a civil engineer in the Albuquerque office of the federal Bureau of Reclamation .	engineer
The oldest part of the church was built in the 12th century .	12th
This is the earliest known use of the term although the concept of a Champion County was much older .	earliest
Long-standing divisions between East and West also came to a head in the East – West Schism and the Crusades .	divisions
Its grounds are open to the public for recreational pursuits , with trails for hiking and cross-country skiing .	grounds
Shortly afterwards , due to Yum !	afterwards
By 1975 , the accumulated size of the government loan was $ 225,000 , and there was no longer any prospect of reducing it .	loan
He made his major league debut on April 13 against the Chicago Cubs , pitching two innings of work and allowing no runs .	allowing
Council was forced to go to the Queensland Treasury for another loan of to complete the work .	loan
As Tromelin is only high , studies could not determine if it is the summit of a volcano or an atoll .	determine
The war ended indecisively , with Thai victories on land and a naval defeat at sea .	naval
The district 's Board of Education is composed of nine citizens elected to serve terms of three years each .	citizens
Instead , one sees the upper , green curve .	sees
In England , " spire " immediately brings to mind Salisbury Cathedral .	mind
He would play for anyone who stopped by whether they wanted to hear him or not .	stopped
Matthews was particularly interested in the enzymes methionine synthase and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase .	interested
At the same time , he faced a very harsh summer with Wildfires across the country .	faced
He established the Financial Intelligence Unit of Vanuatu and subsequently worked to establish like units in Indonesia and Samoa .	establish
The lavas appear to partly fill a large , irregular topographic depression that existed in Noachian times .	existed
Babanrao Lonikar ( born 1 March 1961 ) is an Indian politician from Maharashtra state & Member in 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election , 2014 .	13th
Rabid Roxasites greeted the Roxas acceptance speech with hysterical applause .	speech
He finds that her mental health is fine and she is released .	fine
The police later arrested and charged the two men in the car as the robbers .	charged
When Noah claims to have simply fallen in a ditch and wandered back to the resort , Alex shoots him in the leg despite Claire 's objections .	claims
He had sent two rich businessmen , Bhajanlal Lohia and Harsahaymal Sukhdevdas to see the work of the two disciples of Swami Vivekananda .	rich
In 2000 , when Rowling was presented with an honorary doctorate from Exeter , Wiseman gave the introductory speech .	speech
The Military Music Center of the Bundeswehr ( ) is the office in charge of managing the military bands of the Bundeswehr .	bands
The detailed discussions will be necessary .	necessary
All junctions listed are at-grade intersections unless stated otherwise .	otherwise
He was one of the major figures of the Soviet school of functional analysis .	figures
Loopt received US $ 8.25 million in Series B funding in July 2007 .	funding
They are perennial herbs with sunflower-like flower heads 1 to 4 centimeters wide .	heads
The book ends with Jace and Christian still living together and going out early in the morning for runs .	morning
Most of the disadvantages are related to the well established differences in analog and digital technology .	differences
This is a list of Members of the European Parliament for the Netherlands in the 1958 to 1979 session .	session
Kyle accepts , and Ganthet gives Kyle a power ring .	ring
Pursuant to a temporary restraining order issued by Hon .	temporary
The series has been played annually and uninterrupted ever since .	annually
Cricket is the most popular sport in Palghar .	sport
The agricultural landscape is characterized by almond trees , cereals , fig trees , carob trees and vineyard .	agricultural
She was a 65-ton , by vessel .	vessel
Supporters of the censure motion claimed that they could guarantee the support of 31 of the 57 members in the Assembly .	motion
Also dub very known actors like Tony Burton in Rocky films , George Kennedy , DeForest Kelley , John Goodman , etc .	actors
The present church dates to a refurbishment in 1866 .	dates
The competition consisted of two rounds , qualification and final .	rounds
Within seven weeks , in severe winter conditions , the railway from Balaclava to the troops besieging Sevastopol was completed .	severe
Ladányi ’ s first volume of poems , " Az éjszaka csodája " ( Mystery of the Night ) came out in 1940 .	volume
Several ships ran aground in the shallow waters surrounding the island during the late 1800s and early 1900s .	waters
The IRD was one of the largest sections of the Foreign Office .	sections
On 21 July 2011 , Benjani declined the new contract terms offered to him by Rovers and left the club .	declined
He was defeated by more liberal candidate , Hal Suit , an Atlanta news broadcaster who opposed capital punishment .	opposed
The Leopoldsteinersee is situated at above sea level at the foot of the Seemauer in the western Hochschwab range .	foot
This species is named for erectable epaulettes of hair that form around large scent glands in males only .	hair
As the activity of Alice in Chains slowed and the band 's future came into question , Cantrell reluctantly began work on his first full-length solo record .	question
The dry cap surface is covered with small , fine hairs .	fine
He was electrocuted in Georgia 's electric chair at the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Center in Jackson , Georgia .	electric
The cordless handset is powered by a rechargeable battery , which is charged when the handset is stored in its cradle .	charged
The population rose dramatically following the development of the space industry , quadrupling from 3,098 in 1940 to 12,244 in 1960 .	rose
The hash mark separator in URIs is not part of the fragment identifier .	mark
In 1997 , the Vorotan cascade was separated from Armenergo into a separate state owned company .	separated
Eight of the AgustaWestland AW109 helicopters have been modified to be operational from the " Visby " -class corvettes and .	modified
The alumni used the stats from each player 's obstacle course performance to determine their partner .	determine
In 2002 , Redmond posted career-highs in both batting average , hitting .305 , and in games played with 89 .	posted
The same year also saw the establishment of the 130701 imprint for the Set Fire To Flames album " Sings Reign Rebuilder " .	establishment
However , when her school friend comes to visit , Anna 's self-imposed isolation becomes impossible to maintain .	maintain
The Falcons won the NFC Championship to advance to Super Bowl LI , bringing Freeney to his third career Super Bowl .	advance
The square hosts a unique public art feature to embed the industrial past , known as “ The Keel Line ” .	hosts
Malovishersky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
During the last 20 years , about 88 % of all grizzly bears studied in the northern Rocky Mountains were killed by humans .	humans
Menzel 's vocal range was taken under consideration during the music 's composition .	composition
Woolston were outclassed throughout the season and never looked likely to avoid the drop .	avoid
Despite those reservations Dr Tyer had applied traction without receiving any advice or any further diagnostic investigations .	receiving
Girkin took part in commanding Russian troops in their capture of the Simferopol airport .	capture
Founded in 1876 , it had an erratic existence and seemed that it would never get off the ground .	existence
Shota is a powerful and feared witchwoman who resides in Agaden Reach .	powerful
Although the ranch has been through troubles since , it has very recently been rehabilitated to its former glory by the Protea South African Hotel chain .	chain
Punjabi language is spoken by all in the village .	spoken
So Rodney wrote , really , the same song . "	really
During the 19th century , the river provided the principal water navigation route for Macon , allowing the development of the cotton industry in the surrounding region .	allowing
The smooth columella is simple .	simple
Direct interfaces using custom serial or parallel connections were also available for most mainframe systems .	parallel
In fiscal year 2017 , Feed the Children distributed 79.8 million pounds of food and essentials to children and families in the U.S .	distributed
Martis was assigned to Harrisburg to begin the season .	begin
F Merritt Mathias netted 2 goals , while M Rachel Shipley and F Nora Skelton each added a goal in the come from behind effort .	effort
This spray is set to fall-out on to the specimens at a rate of 1.0 to 2.0ml / 80 cm ² / hour .	hour
However , a viable business may have difficulty raising sufficient capital during an economic downturn or in a country that imposes artificial constraints on capital investment .	investment
The Pride announced it would be their new home stadium , beginning in 2017 .	stadium
Singer Residente is reluctant to label their music in a specific genre , instead calling it plain urban style .	calling
The Hit and Phrase markers must be hit in numbered sequence .	sequence
It is essentially a tall , capped tower with one face open at the top .	tall
In the 1871 and the 1881 colonial era census of British India , Lingayats were listed as " shudras " .	colonial
Another theory is that risk taking could be a sexually selected trait .	risk
The hinged doors open to vividly colored interior panels .	interior
HD 138573 is otherwise close to the Sun 's characteristics and could be classed as a Solar analog .	otherwise
1 , 2 , 5 , and 10 dollar notes were originally the only denominations sent , but higher denominations have since come into use .	notes
Though at times undermined by his own despotic tendencies , Justinian was a talented and perceptive ruler who succeeded in improving the standing of the Byzantine Empire .	standing
The squadron performs the command and control mission for the Global Positioning System satellite constellation .	squadron
If the ball had moved forward , hitting the ground would trigger the end of the play as an incomplete pass .	ball
That same year , he played bass on the SHEL album " Just Crazy Enough " .	bass
The publisher Schuberth also applied op.181 to Ries 's " Introduction et Rondeau à la Zingaresco " for piano published in 1838 .	piano
It was created to raise awareness of Melbourne 's Immigration Museum and was sponsored by the Victorian Multicultural Commission with a grant of $ 10,000 .	raise
An additional 12 % of D.C. commuters walked to work , 6 % carpooled , and 3 % traveled by bicycle in 2010 .	traveled
Commodities are traded for one another after their values are decided socially .	values
The regiment served throughout the North West Europe campaign in support of various operations .	regiment
Singh contested the Matihani seat again in the Legislative Assembly elections of 1980 and 1985 .	contested
Thus unemployment was officially and theoretically eliminated .	eliminated
Athletes start with a qualifying round .	qualifying
Other causes of akinetic mutism are as follows :	causes
It was decided that league champions would not play for the Stanley Cup until after the season .	champions
Country star LeAnn Rimes sang the National Anthem following the commercial break .	break
The Royal Lao Army ( RLA ) was stretched to its limits supporting the Operation Strength counter to Campaign Z .	supporting
However , this “ Tawhid ” was composed in poetry .	poetry
His senior year in wrestling he was team captain , had the most take-downs and most pins , and was voted his team 's Most Valuable Wrestler .	voted
He returned to England in 1889 , and served on the international anti-slavery commission in Brussels .	commission
However , this dish has its origins in Turkish cuisine ( çullama ) , otherwise related to the Romanian cuisine .	otherwise
He was elected to parliament in 2005 and served as Minister of Agriculture and Food from 2008 to 2012 .	parliament
In social policy , a law was passed in August 1954 that introduced an investment plan for the public construction of economic housing .	investment
The Seahawks tied the game prior to halftime as kicker Josh Brown made a 40-yard field goal .	tied
Despite this lack of pressure to succeed , the match on 22 June 1974 in Hamburg was politically and emotionally charged .	charged
Both auctions together earned record sums for money paid to the public sector via auction .	sector
the 1687 events were only the detonant factor for exports to start .	factor
This service was promoted as a model service for conscientious objectors , in order to support a political campaign to introduce an alternative service .	alternative
Apparent power is conventionally expressed in volt-amperes ( VA ) since it is the product of rms voltage and rms current .	expressed
The third stage was sanctification , the ability to live a holy life out of gladness toward God .	toward
Starting with 2016 Cadillac models a new generation of High Feature V6s were developed .	generation
Although Jains built some beautiful temples at other places in Rajasthan , Dilwara temples are believed to be the most beautiful example of architectural perfection .	architectural
They can also be made out of natural materials if combined to make a nonrigid object .	object
He wants Ludwig to have the freedom he wants .	freedom
This episode mocks aspects of the Japanese , including the cruelty of Japanese game shows .	aspects
After some six months of siege , the Wei forces could not breach Jiangling 's walls so they retreated .	walls
The gang scrambles to locate Angel ’ s soul , while Angelus tells the group that the Beast is controlled by a higher being further up .	controlled
There are multiple specific standards for different types of chairs .	standards
He also invented a " numerical device that calculated perfectly the square root of numbers " , as well as a " trigonometry text in verse " .	device
Protecting the Saba National Marine Park is not only an environmental consideration , it is also an economic concern .	environmental
He refused to see them , perhaps because he knew that discussions would be a waste of time .	perhaps
It also incorporated The 2009 Wimborne Whoppa , which was the 40th anniversary of the event .	anniversary
The environmental recalcitrance of many of these compounds is governed by their high bond dissociation energies .	environmental
In order to meet the target SGR for the next calendar year , the physician fee schedule was updated accordingly .	target
Angel Investigations spy on a woman having an affair , but Angel spoils their cover by confronting the woman and telling her to talk to her husband .	talk
The couple were said to have gotten close to each other during the video shoot , causing media speculation following her highly publicized split from Sean Combs .	causing
But the airport was temporally closed from April to September , and the new company chose to not reopen the airport afterward .	chose
Shha ( Һ һ ; italics : " Һ һ " ) is a letter of the Cyrillic script .	script
The boycott was supported by some of Alabama 's Congressional delegation , including both senators and Representative Spencer Bachus ( R-AL ) , who represents Mountain Brook .	represents
The soprano and tenor soloists should either be the same as in scene 1 , or strongly resemble them .	strongly
The estimated number of patent brokers varies greatly .	greatly
His attempts , using phosphate of soda , however , were unsuccessful .	attempts
Had the seeds been deposited by the collapsed roof , they would have evenly scattered on the ground .	roof
He seems to have been a far-seeing man and a practical one .	seems
Syndicated programming on KLAX includes " Entertainment Tonight " and " The Dr. Oz Show " among others .	programming
candidates in wards were elected unopposed .	candidates
The original screenplay was written by Brian Helgeland but rewritten entirely by Paul Weitz .	entirely
Generally , the speed range for high-speed rail is between and .	rail
Micropterix emiliensis is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Viette in 1950 , and is endemic to Italy .	endemic
Hunter had a replacement for Ferguson in Willie MacFadyen , who would more than justify the managers faith in him .	replacement
Atlanta coach Mike Fratello said , " Spud kind of duped him .	kind
The forewings are light brown strewn with grey dots and strigulae .	brown
It is based on the question , " What if Jesus was born in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania ? " .	question
The store also sold T-shirts , technical books , potato chips , and magazines , including " Playboy " .	technical
The club apparently folded sometime after 1995 , as there is now no record of them competing in any league .	competing
The 1997 Constitution of Uruguay refers to the 1967 Constitution with amendments .	refers
In spite of the ' A ' designation , CR 540A is a longer road with heavier traffic volume than CR 540 .	volume
The Boca Juniors volleyball team played the 1996-97 and 2011-12 Liga A1 finals at the Luis Conde .	finals
Tangen is a pier and neighborhood in Kristiansand , Norway .	neighborhood
The Thai government then allowed the United States Air Force in Thailand to use its air and naval bases .	naval
The Avestan evidence is confirmed by Greek sources : Arianē is spoken of as being between Persia and the Indian subcontinent .	spoken
In 1723 and 1724 he was tried and imprisoned for a year , after a £ 100 fine .	fine
He took courses taught by Weinberg , who would later become a mentor to him .	courses
Khalid 's strategy was to use his own speed to exploit the lack in mobility of the Sassanid army .	strategy
The individual fate of 30,430 soldiers , who died during the fighting and the withdrawal or after capture , is less well known .	capture
Theater Atelier Piotr Fomenko in Moscow adapted the novella to the stage .	adapted
The series is being collected as trade paperbacks :	collected
In July 1970 the Institute for Strategic Studies described the " Force Aérienne Zairoise " ( FAZ ) as numbering 650 with 21 combat aircraft .	combat
He stated during his denazification trial that he knew an attack was being organized against Hitler , although he did not participate in its organization .	participate
Results are represented generally as testing hours in NSS without appearance of corrosion products ( e.g .	testing
The students study a college-prep curriculum including Advanced Placement coursework in subjects such as English , Calculus , History , Spanish , Government and Art .	subjects
Al-Quso is reported to have appeared in a video released by AQAP ‘ threatening to strike the U.S. homeland embassies and warships . "	strike
Compromising maximum performance to reduce cargo cost , however , is the point of the clustering approach .	reduce
She earned her eligible points from great performances over eleven years	eleven
As with most coastal areas , frost and snow are uncommon .	coastal
In December 1912 she sailed from Barry with a cargo of coal from Rio de Janeiro .	coal
In contrast , Veerashaivas consider the two contemporary ( sub ) traditions to be " one and the same community " belonging to Hinduism .	contrast
Football is a popular sport in the Kolhapur city .	sport
Its habitat includes desert scrub and open woodlands .	habitat
In 1784 he was a member of the St. Alban 's Tavern group who tried to bring Fox and Pitt together .	bring
Other recordings include a disc of Chopin 's Ballades and his third sonata , and a Liszt recital disc including the B minor sonata .	recordings
In 2017 , she became the Quebec representative in the Permanent Delegation of Canada at UNESCO .	representative
The association of the Dasanāmis with the Smartha tradition or Advaita Vedānta is not all-embracing .	tradition
The soil is mainly sandy , loamy and clayey .	soil
Current products include the L3 and L5 models , and are engineered with the assistance of the United Kingdom-based Lotus Engineering .	assistance
In autumn 1994 the National Lottery commenced and Norden Farm Centre Trust applied to the Arts Council for lottery funding to complete Norden Farm .	funding
When he was acting the part , an artificial moustache was fixed on his face .	fixed
Tylonotus bimaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
But Hilda refused to listen and accused Betty of not being around for the family .	accused
The air option was pioneered by Homer Rice , former athletic director of Georgia Tech .	option
Although Sundback frequently visited the Canadian factory as president of the company , he resided in Meadville , Pennsylvania and remained an American citizen .	factory
In the same year she also joined the project , a movement that encourages people to reduce their carbon emissions .	reduce
But at 21 , he abandoned playwrighting and went back to university to study journalism at University of Technology , Sydney .	abandoned
Fettercairn ( , ) is a small village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , northwest of Laurencekirk in Aberdeenshire on the B966 from Edzell .	northwest
The house is now demolished .	demolished
Smith was most notable for his research into the biology of symbiosis and became a leading authority on it .	authority
However , it has been ascertained that some of these varieties that look similar are in fact different cultivars .	look
The first Proastiakos train linked Athens Railway Station with Athens International Airport , on time for the 2004 Summer Olympics that were held in Athens .	linked
You ’ ll probably find that hard to believe .	believe
The Library joined the project in 2010 in a bid to reduce their carbon footprint .	reduce
'Y Dydd ' contained general political and religious news and opinions .	contained
The section is constantly updated and is full of all examples from all eras .	examples
The series was released onto DVD-format and VCD-format by Viva Video .	onto
Glencree ( from the older Gleann Criothach , which translates as Valley of the Shaking Bog ) is a valley in the Wicklow Mountains in eastern Ireland .	valley
" Maximum Impact 2 " also features , an enhanced version from his character with a stronger defense .	defense
A normal LF ƒ is called Standard if and only if it satisfies both following conditions :	normal
As a result , the former Skyline Drive interchange was transformed into an at-grade intersection , also eliminating the Skyline tunnel underneath the expressway .	intersection
In 1953 , McCarty designed a concrete house , sponsored by Southern Cast Stone and published in several national magazines .	concrete
Jensen built his home on this land using traditional bricks , having learned from the 1862 flood that adobe bricks dissolve in water .	learned
The regiment was probably raised by founder-emperor Augustus ( r . 30BC-14AD ) after 9 AD .	regiment
It is alleged that the money was used to purchase a house in the United States for his daughter , Sarindee .	purchase
It is made by bombarding uranium-238 with neutrons in a nuclear reactor .	nuclear
Caragiale was nevertheless associated with the " Junimist " journal " Constituţionalul " .	journal
is a brilliant , although somewhat eccentric , strategist who holds the title of Rumble King .	somewhat
On October 2014 , Nvidia included 4K HEVC hardware encode support on its Geforce GTX 980 video card .	card
The city 's cultural roots deepened as its economy matured .	economy
As a matter of principle , Democrats generally supported renewing the special provisions .	matter
She was known for her distinctive appearance , including glasses , no makeup , a pulled-back hairstyle , and utilitarian clothing .	makeup
He found that " M. genitalium " was particularly responsive to all types of antibodies he tested from 20 patients .	patients
When the yeshiva relocated to Rehovot , Amital followed , settling in Rehovot until he moved to Jerusalem in the 1960s .	relocated
27 northwestern Virginia counties were represented .	counties
It describes itself as part of the Patriot movement .	describes
The Knights ( Rockville Campus ) women 's tennis team won the NJCAA Division III National Championship in 2001 and again in 2006 .	tennis
After a 1937 refit , including boilers increasing speed to , " Athos II " resumed Far East service .	increasing
Thus Keynes used the concept of the inflationary gap to show the main determinants that cause an inflationary rise of prices .	rise
They were dubbed the " priestly tribe " ( " kahinan " in Arabic from the Hebrew kohanim ) .	tribe
Edward George Bowen produced one of the earliest cavity magnetrons from a box and showed it to the other researchers .	earliest
Route 45 begins as East Shore Road at an intersection with U.S. Route 202 in the New Preston section of the town of Washington .	intersection
Required courses are Genesis , Romans , Acts , Revelation , Apologetics , Biblical Missions , Theology , and one of the four Gospels .	courses
Three Spanish ships came near Pembrokeshire and headed towards Milford Haven , the secondary objective .	headed
Lesser vegetation in mature stands is dominated by mosses .	stands
Lindstrom now plays with Falcon , who perform some Cirith Ungol songs .	perform
The house and dependency were rehabilitated in 1999-2000 as law offices .	offices
It is unknown if it will be demolished .	demolished
Bhattacharjee said that he did not want to unionize the IT industry .	want
Warrington Cycle Campaign is a cycling campaign group that aims to promote safer cycling and more cycling .	promote
The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying .	actions
His career as a writer spanned over 46 years , however it didn 't help him much financially .	didn
It has evolved over the years through the development and codification of processes into a clearly defined field of expertise .	processes
The campaign 's goal is to raise money towards halving the number of hungry people in the world , particularly children , by 2015 .	raise
The conductors ' union , the United Transportation Union , also opposes this initiative , despite historical differences with the engineers ' union .	differences
The beach deposits were formed principally during the Miocene Epoch , circa 20 million years before the present .	beach
Two council members are elected from the township at-large and the remainder are chosen from each of three wards .	township
Examples of core products by notable IT firms include :	core
The different formation processes of the two stable isotopes of helium produce the differing isotope abundances .	processes
" Dissipation model for extended environment	environment
Tangherlini is the surname of the following persons :	persons
She was later a cast member of the early 1990s soap opera " Families " .	opera
This is estimated to take 5 years to complete and is expected to increase the efficiency of the affected units at the power station .	affected
When " Iowan " pulled out three minutes later , " Metapan " began to sink rapidly .	rapidly
The Satucket rivers tributaries Include :	rivers
Federally , Cape Canaveral is part of Florida 's 15th congressional district , represented by Republican Bill Posey , elected in 2008 .	15th
Bharat Insurance building is a heritage building in Chennai , India .	heritage
The cylindrical cells are attached with their head to the lowermost layer .	attached
It made me believe in film . "	believe
The idea that a SIBO test should be several hours long and that distal overgrowth is important is wrong and is not supported by the scientific literature .	scientific
This was the first losing record in the franchise 's history .	franchise
The bell stage has ogee gables and polygonal corner pinnacles .	corner
An additional , nine-story parking garage and an underground tunnel linking the Las Vegas Beltway to the airport were constructed as well .	underground
" Building the picture : trading on the imagery of production and design , " " Winterthur Portfolio " , vol .	picture
A Test match is an international two-innings per side cricket match between two of the leading cricketing nations .	cricket
Pepco is the city 's electric utility and services 793,000 customers in the District and suburban Maryland .	electric
Aurthur Frederick Hertz was born in Bradford to Fanny Mary and William Martin Hertz , a merchant of German Jewish descent .	descent
This district has become a busy one with lots of pedestrians and cars that go about on the streets .	streets
Despite McDuffie 's later problems , he would finish in 12th place in this race .	12th
He played 5 matches taking 6 wickets at an economy rate of 6.82 per over .	economy
On Sunday 10 January 1886 , George Harris saw a snake near his house and put his foot on it .	foot
Freedman even hired former owner Day as manager for part of the 1899 season .	hired
Mindelheim is twinned with several European towns :	towns
There is no chain of command within the Senior Prefect Team , although the Head Boy and Head Girl are traditionally called upon first for public engagements .	chain
Box Jr. is an American author of twenty-one novels .	novels
Hector Macpherson Sr. ( April 22 , 1875 – March 28 , 1970 ) was a Canadian – American academic and politician of Scottish descent .	descent
I believe that we must assist free peoples to work out their own destinies in their own way .	believe
It was built in the 1850s , and is a two-story , three bay , mortise-and-tenon frame I-house with Greek Revival style design elements .	frame
On the death of his 10-year-old cousin Esmé Stewart on 10 August 1660 , Charles Stewart succeeded as third Duke of Richmond and sixth Duke of Lennox .	cousin
On the night of the vote , unionist and loyalist protesters tried to storm the City Hall .	storm
The injury was so severe , that he almost lost all sight in his right eye .	severe
After his death , his widow married as her second husband , George Washington Freeman , the second Episcopal bishop of Arkansas and Provisional Bishop of Texas .	bishop
Aaron Ollett ( born 19 November 1992 ) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays as a or for the Newcastle Thunder in Betfred League 1 .	rugby
Bessell , with mounting business worries , did not stand for re-election in Bodmin .	stand
Belfast saw a bitter strike by dock workers organised by radical trade unionist Jim Larkin , in 1907 .	strike
Samango monkeys are regularly seen , and leopard on the odd occasion .	regularly
Arab youth population are described as " opening " societies through social media in places where governments are otherwise repressive .	otherwise
In 1836 his widow and three surviving sisters built Alwington Schoolhouse , next to the parish church , as is recorded on an inscribed date stone .	surviving
He wakes up in a cold sweat .	cold
On 24 September 1945 , the ship — with and — got underway to screen a unit of TF-51 built around and .	screen
On the " Billboard " Hot Christian Songs chart , " Call My Name " debuted at No .	debuted
In 2008 , the San Onofre plant received multiple citations over issues such as failed emergency generators , improperly wired batteries and falsified fire safety data .	safety
Jan Tschichold described his designs as ' the most beautiful German version ' of modern type .	designs
Xeranoplium puncticolle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
Students also study extra-curricular activities such as swimming , art , computer programming , drama , textiles , and more .	programming
The captain had decided to navigate the Mozambique Channel despite bad weather .	weather
Those are the priority schemes available when applying for a flat from HDB :	flat
Its crystal form exhibits nonlinear optical properties .	properties
Hopin Academy was started in 2010 as a social enterprise that aimed to be an alternative to the Ghanaian public education system .	alternative
Upon the appointment of Irving Thalberg as general manager at Universal , Stroheim 's defiance of commercial and industrial norms was no longer tolerated .	appointment
She worked as a piano teacher at the Music School of Blansko and as an accompanying pianist at the Conservatoire of Brno .	piano
In 1507 Alexander Stewart was sent to France on the royal ship the " Treasurer " .	royal
It would mark the first time Cotto would fight under the Top Rank banner since his contract expired in December 2011 .	mark
There was probably little he could have done to prevent the loss of the Aghlabid toehold on the Italian mainland .	prevent
Nurses also monitor each child 's weight .	weight
Winning three or four tricks awards one point while winning all five tricks is worth two points .	worth
The hijackers asked for the release of nearly 50 prisoners in Turkey and half a million dollars .	prisoners
At the time of writing ( 2012 ) Grange is still in use but is much modified .	modified
Bürgi used these algorithms to calculate a Canon Sinuum , a table of sines in steps of 2 arc seconds .	seconds
The Medieval Taifa kingdoms of al-Andalus embraced the Hanafi argument and institutionalized the fifth on war spoils , treasure troves and mining .	mining
A " keep pounding " chant was introduced during the 2015 season which starts before the opening kickoff of each home game .	starts
Former Mormon bishop Bob McCue described his disaffiliation as recovery from cognitive dissonance .	bishop
The mechanisms by which this effect might occur were left unexplained .	occur
From September 22 – 23 , 2001 , Lopez performed a set of two concerts in Puerto Rico , entitled Let 's Get Loud .	concerts
As the patient is anesthetized , they may receive the following drugs , which continue as necessary throughout the procedure :	necessary
" Abbots Leigh was the most magnificent of all the houses in which Charles was sheltered during his escape .	escape
The program is built of two modules : " crystal " and " properties " .	properties
With a weight of 21.5 kg , this ATGM has a penetration value of 750 – 800 mm of RHA behind explosive reactive armor ( ERA ) .	weight
He played eleven games in the 2013 Norwegian First Division , and made his first-tier debut in April 2014 against Sogndal .	eleven
For example , the ' part of fortune ' is found by taking the difference between the sun and the ascendant and adding it to the moon .	difference
During daylight hours the animals sleep in groups in branch tangles , or curled up on a branch with their heads between their legs .	heads
He was amazing on the screen pass , like McElhenny .	screen
The circuit 's commissioner was Ken Macker , an American publisher of three Philippines-based newspapers .	newspapers
Naranarayan agreed and temporary Mughal outposts and watch towers were established at Bargachhia , Krishnanagar near Khanakul and Dilakash , on the Ron .	temporary
He featured in Samoa 's famous World Cup win over Wales in 1991 , and he was the youngest player at the 1991 Rugby World Cup .	youngest
" Ain 't It Funny " , among other songs , was included on the concerts ' set list .	concerts
Shortly after the tournament , Asashōryū was granted the title of " yokozuna " , the highest rank in sumo .	rank
Annual snowfall averages 40 to in the northern zone as compared with an average of 10-15 inches in the extreme south .	zone
The squadron was established as the 450th Fighter Squadron and was activated in November 1943 at Richmond Army Air Base , Virginia .	squadron
Before Martín went to the meeting , he watched the news and saw that Salvador was Ángel , then he broke the artwork and saw the camera .	camera
Jimenez Lai is a faculty member of UCLA .	faculty
In 1973 , a signal panel was located in the old station buildings on the platform served by trains to Penzance , although this has since closed .	signal
It is intended to film a number of low budget genre films to be sold internationally .	budget
It was the 4th entry in the " Madame Aema " series , the longest-running film series in Korean cinema .	entry
The following year , the Home Affairs Select Committee conducted an inquiry and leveled similar criticism at the Met " for its failures to pursue inquiries . "	criticism
The pre-trial investigation against Ūsas , nevertheless , continued .	investigation
The Sauer S 2100 is a family of four-stroke aircraft engines , certified according to JAR 22-H ( CS-22 subpart H )	engines
This integration includes programs that use the forest which surrounds the school as well as a school garden run on permaculture principles .	garden
Superintendents and administrators receive a benefit package commensurate with that offered to the district 's teachers ' union .	teachers
Ryan 's entrance music was " Duality " by Slipknot .	entrance
Exon trapping has two main features : First , it is independent of availability of the RNA expressing target DNA .	target
Bahati Camp in Morogoro , 190 kilometers from Dar-es-Salaam , is the national training and camping grounds .	grounds
This constitutes a new norm that wants to be aware of different positions , and even those directly opposite among its organizational members .	opposite
Byers 's unsympathetic manner quickly unsettled Scott , who changed the details of his story several times and frequently broke down in tears .	details
The company provides 2G ( GSM ) and 3G ( W-CDMA ) mobile phone services .	mobile
Family affiliations or bloodlines are of special importance to the aristocracy and the transmission of religious beliefs in various Buddhist schools .	importance
Though it is relatively small in size , Tunisia has great environmental diversity due to its north-south extent .	environmental
In 2015 , Azam essayed the negative role of Dansh – the head of Naagvansh in Arvind Babbal 's mytho-thriller show " " on Life OK .	negative
Most of the mechanical contrivances which made instruments of Tycho Brahe so superior to those of his contemporaries were adopted in Kassel about 1584 .	instruments
In Baton Rouge , Louisiana , it was considered to be the worst storm to hit the area since Hurricane Betsy in 1965 .	storm
The spire is maculated with brown .	brown
This rumor was false , but it nonetheless triggered racial upheaval of white nationalists .	racial
Goom is an alien from Planet X who attempted to conquer the Earth .	attempted
This subsequently declined to 41 % by 1943 .	declined
Gen. Johnson Hagood 's brigade stopped initial Federal probes at Port Walthall Junction .	stopped
This difference is a result of changes in the hydrology of the bog .	difference
The mandate for E24 is speed , accuracy and authenticity in reporting , while retaining the mystique and romance of all things Bollywood .	things
In 1861 , the British politicians Sir Frederick Johnstone and Henry Chaplin visited the area to hunt bison , antelope and elk for sport .	sport
The monastery closed in 1821 and the building deteriorated significantly until it was decided to rehabilitate it as a tourist attraction .	significantly
Gallup also refused to conduct surveys commissioned by organizations such as the Republican and Democratic parties , a position the company has continued to hold .	commissioned
The archaeological investigation discovered that the protective hessian sandbags placed in 2005 had degraded exposing the wreck .	investigation
The Fleet Air Arm squadrons flying off the " Attacker " class escort carriers did have some successes of their own .	flying
Like many Ulster country estates , the first house at Crom was built by a Scottish Planter at the beginning of the 17th century .	17th
A larger Kapitän went into production in 1938 , although its front longitudinal beams were stamped separately and then attached to the main body .	attached
Due to redevelopment , the original path of Washington Street has been pre-empted by Haymarket Square and Government Center ( which used to be Scollay Square ) .	path
2 on the Dutch charts .	charts
In therapy , Ishizuka actively uses setbacks as a means to promote growth in the three spheres .	promote
One of the things Cox wanted Atwood to do was make him a .010 engine .	things
There were about 6000 illustrations and over 200 charts and maps .	charts
She also quoted certain passages from an English translation of the Bhagavad Gita , but they were later removed .	translation
Weehawken is a township in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .	township
The Luhya ( also known as " Abaluyia " or Luyia ) are a Bantu ethnic group in Kenya .	ethnic
Coton would seem to have been roughly in the centre of this estate .	roughly
They originally came from the river Una valley .	valley
Even the head of fusion research for the Federal Government cooperated with the foundation .	foundation
When he is wounded his kingdom suffers and becomes a wasteland .	wounded
In the following list the date of publication given is that of the first edition .	publication
Palghar acts as a divisional head of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation .	acts
Moments later , Cordelia discovers that the food is not all that great as she throws it up on the floor of the restaurant .	restaurant
He was ordained in 1975 as a Unitarian Universalist minister ( and is a Unitarian Universalist Christian ) , and admitted to the Massachusetts bar in 1975 .	admitted
A 2007 referendum relocated the school 's football facilities to the school 's west campus , where the use of floodlights is not prohibited .	relocated
He subsequently sold his ownership in the Steelers to co-owner Art Rooney .	ownership
She quit her academic position in the University of Bologna in 1993 and in 1994 she obtained an equivalent position in Paris Descartes University in Paris .	equivalent
They continued down the Medicine Bow and Laramie Rivers to the Sweetwater River , crossing South Pass to arrive at Fort Bonneville .	crossing
With the arrival of Europeans , the Ellendale area was a province of fur traders and hunters .	arrival
After Boone 's departure , relative calm prevailed between the British and Angre , until Angre 's death in 1729 .	relative
According to the report , gunmen inside the sit-in shot fire at police officers , provoking a violent response from police and escalating the violence .	violence
Beckenbauer stepped down from the coaching post during the winter break , although he remained with the club in an adviser capacity .	break
" I would hope that each and every individual would recognize the injustices that were done in this bill .	bill
After the 2008 season , the Twins exercised an option on Redmond 's contract , paying him $ 950,000 for the 2009 season .	option
It is the first of five Arthur books to be adapted into a computer game , and the second game released from the Living Books series .	adapted
During 1961 , Local 560 Secretary-Treasurer Anthony Castellito travelled to Upstate New York to meet with Salvatore “ Sally Bugs ” Briguglio , a mob-associated loan shark .	loan
This circuit appeared first in territorial vertebrate animals and is preserved across all mammals .	preserved
He was 11-for-17 and finished with 131 passing yards .	passing
It reserved the top 1 MB of the 16 MB 24-bit address space for non-memory ( from 15 MB to 16 MB ) .	address
The indicators that have been identified are allocated percentages and in a detailed cost breakdown analysis these indicators should add up closely to 100 % .	closely
In cup , Tirana was controversially eliminated from Laçi in the semi-final 1 – 0 on aggregate .	eliminated
Grooms 's genius for rendering the intricacies of architectural ornament is vividly apparent in several three-dimensional vistas of Chicago 's famous buildings .	architectural
They order the Amazonians to release their captives and bring gold .	bring
Sixty percent of Paradise 's 132 lots have been developed , and there are current plans to 53 luxury homes on one undeveloped parcel .	homes
It 's as if he 's talking to the audience , and alas , he 's right . "	audience
He pledged a £ 50,000 donation , provided by the Prince 's Countryside Fund , to help families and businesses .	businesses
The Zamorin of Calicut also controlled the area .	controlled
Erin-Ile is an agrarian community , an ancient town with history dated back to 16 century .	dated
If the Master sends emissaries to see you , do not tell him that your illness is anything but headaches . "	your
Non-latch-up IGBT operation was ensured , for the first time , for the entire device operation range .	device
Unsuccessful bids for mayor followed in 1916 and 1917 before he was elected to that office in the 1918 .	mayor
The first book went on sale in September 2012 , with the final book , " Zom-B Goddess , " published in April 2016 .	sale
In January 1941 , " Lamotte-Picquet " became the flagship of a small squadron , the " Groupe Occasionnel " .	squadron
This Grant had a relatively minor career , and his early years , such as his origin , were not chronicled .	origin
The Saturday Evening Quill Club was a black literary group organized by " Boston Post " editor and columnist Eugene Gordon in 1925 .	literary
In 1963 , Russia 's first mobile phone network using the car phone came into operation .	mobile
Most are direct in their nature , and cover aspects of common life .	aspects
" Raja Kumarudu " collected a share of 10.51 Crores from Andhra Pradesh .	collected
This bill was proposed by activist Dorothea Dix and passed both houses of Congress , but was vetoed by president Franklin Pierce .	bill
However , the introduction of one-stop border posts being introduced and the reduction in tariff barriers are coming down progressively .	introduction
A new Purdey shotgun starts at around £ 89,000 .	starts
Screenwriter Jigi Bello says , Flower Girl was a unique opportunity to create a cinematic world that would appeal to audiences in his country .	opportunity
as well as showing of the Red Violin film .	showing
Journalism studies take into account many levels of analysis including individual , organizational , societal and cultural aspects .	aspects
The recorded maximum height of the tsunami was in Miyako , which was about 55 cm .	height
This provided more motivation for a road to transport equipment , infrastructure , and revenue to and from the sites .	transport
The Host tries to get help from an old friend but is met with bad reception .	tries
The Skyshield is designed for traditional anti-aircraft roles in addition to defense against missiles ( see anti-ballistic missile ) .	defense
The Cyclades ( ; ) are an island group in the Aegean Sea , southeast of mainland Greece and a former administrative prefecture of Greece .	southeast
He sold his fabricated interviews to several Scandinavian newspapers .	newspapers
As he and his father approached the building , flames could be seen licking out of the front windows and	windows
Climbing these peaks is technically demanding , and requires expeditions to access remote and dangerous terrain .	requires
The Egyptians attempted to restore their defenses to their initial dispositions with an armored attack on October 17 .	attempted
Karen Filippelli ( Rashida Jones ) was a sales representative at the Scranton , Pennsylvania , branch of the Dunder Mifflin paper and office-supply company .	representative
Each camp session has a specific goal ranging from putting on a play to participating in athletic events .	session
The third is the St Joan of Arc Catholic School on Dalhousie Street opposite St Joan of Arc Church .	opposite
The widespread genus contains three species .	widespread
It is a high pedestal with a golden globe erected on the top .	erected
Throughout his artistic career Cornelisz 's painting style changed .	artistic
Lurton died in 1914 , and President Woodrow Wilson appointed James Clark McReynolds to replace him .	replace
He started learning sitar under his father at the age of four .	learning
He started acting in theater along his education .	theater
The majority of the residential housing developments in Singapore are publicly governed and developed .	residential
The present one-year limit to permits for disposing waste at sea can now be renewed four times .	limit
Such a name does not fulfil the requirements in Articles 10 through 20 of the Code , or is excluded under Article 1.3 .	requirements
She was a classical Vocal Recital .	classical
There are many types of power plants , and each type requires specific expertise , as well as interdisciplinary teamwork , to build a modern system .	requires
It is readily apparent in the structures of many copper ( II ) complexes .	structures
It flows in the direction North-South .	flows
He lectured these subjects at Victoria University of Wellington .	subjects
They adopted a foundling baby girl , Dorothy , in 1869 .	girl
" Vol 2 : Mythos of the Divine and Worldly " detailed the setting 's 43 gods .	setting
See Catholic religious orders for a list of non-monastic Catholic institutes .	orders
That same day , Nugent locked down Palmanova , moving on to Udine which surrendered on 22 April after an artillery bombardment .	artillery
In 2005 , Brumbaugh founded DRB Industries LLC , a leading company in the electric power industry , where he remains owner and president .	electric
When the Progressive Conservatives left the coalition in 1950 , Argue chose to sit as an independent Progressive Conservative .	chose
The efforts of home movie aficionados to intertitle their works post-production have led to the development of a number of innovative approaches to the challenge .	challenge
It has a columned front portico and a hipped roof .	roof
It also incorporates architectural features of the Romantic Revival style popular at the time .	architectural
Following the incident with the seal at Frodis-water , Thurid and Kiartan invite their neighbors to Frodis-water for the Yule Feast .	incident
The ship arrived off Kerama Retto on 25 March and took station in a circular screen .	screen
The Adonais is similar to the Premio Hiperión , which also promotes young authors .	authors
The war also interrupted negotiations which had begun with foreign navies aimed at selling the argo system to them .	selling
This work is divided in four books , and the series of pieces advances in difficulty .	pieces
Certain kinds of weapons and handicrafts came from Scandinavia .	weapons
Franks herself attended the Greenham Common Women 's Peace Camp in 1984 .	herself
At Abercynon , the Trail follows the route of the Merthyr Tramroad , used by Richard Trevithick 's Penydarren steam locomotive .	steam
A 33-bit physical address is supported .	address
However , there is no sign that the station ever returned to the airwaves .	sign
Several are still flying in France and elsewhere in 2010 .	flying
However , performance from PB solvers does not yet equal that from the more commonly used generalized Born approximation .	equal
He was a fine cricketer .	fine
Slættanes , like the also abandoned village of Víkar , on the northern coast of the island .	abandoned
Emma leaves something for Max in her room : an old photo of the two of them playing in the sand .	something
They dropped in on Sunyata and were impressed by his spiritual understanding .	understanding
By the time Owen graduated , in 1958 , he had already written 43 research papers .	papers
Four sub-committees initially supporting the JISC committee : their remits covered Networking ; Awareness , Liaison and Training ; Electronic Information and Technology Applications activities .	supporting
Suffering from " pneumonia and other complications " , Amaraich travelled to Honolulu on January 15 for " medical tests and treatment " .	tests
Spackman also taught classics briefly at New York University and worked in radio .	briefly
Nightmare Dungeons have players tasked with facing extremely high difficulty bosses in order to unlock normally unobtainable abilities .	extremely
It was created by Jost Bürgi at the end of the 16th century .	16th
McCrorie received the Team Ricky " fast pass " and was saved .	fast
The film 's budget was US $ 4.2 million .	budget
The song has since been used for several major charitable events and contributed towards millions of dollars of fundraising .	contributed
On February 9 , 2010 Simon & Schuster published Chasnoff 's comedic memoir about his experiences in the IDF .	experiences
The pair married in 1912 .	pair
This trail , named for a dramatic descent of over , was described as beautiful , but difficult to navigate .	descent
The label would also release early recordings by John Holt and Bob Marley .	recordings
" Pelagornis " , the type genus of the family Pelagornithidae , was long unrecognized as a pseudotooth bird as it was known mainly from arm bones .	bird
Peter Wilson was a Scottish-American football ( soccer ) defender who played professionally in Scotland and the United States .	soccer
The wings have an average aspect ratio of 6.6 and average wing loading of 10.9 , suggesting that their flight is slow , but highly manoeuvrable .	wings
It includes graphical design tools , business rules editors , and data integration to external business systems .	tools
The destruction left only one course of stones standing .	standing
The simplest possible station for passengers consists of just a platform beside the track , with no points ( US : switches ) or sidings .	passengers
This patriotic and brave freedom fighter was awarded with ‘ Bir Bikram ’ title .	freedom
After another , LA 52 has another grade crossing with the Union Pacific Railroad .	crossing
As a short-tailed gar , Gratch is quite intelligent and is , to a limited extent , able to communicate with Richard and his friends .	quite
The name of the peak originates from Vlachs - pastoral peoples , which introduced grazing to the Tatra Mountains .	peak
Phillipos faced a maximum sentence of eight years ' imprisonment on each count .	faced
He always had a preference for the simple hostels , where he could hark back to his early Scouting days .	simple
Using the best amino acids substitution model , " CATGTR " , also Cephalocarida falls inside this group .	falls
Most of her childhood was spent in Kyoto , where her father worked as a government bureaucrat .	childhood
Taquito Militar , by Mariano Mores played a monumental part in the rise of the tango and a major effect on Argentinian culture as a whole .	rise
She became a qualified pharmacist in her hometown in 1900 .	qualified
Drawing continues to be an important element of his practice .	element
In Super Bowl XLII , Blackburn had a costly penalty on a punt return as he was the extra man on the field on a 12-man-on-the-field penalty .	extra
Later he was an attorney involved in the case of " Ross v. State of Oregon " , representing the defendant in error , Oregon .	representing
Rural Point , also known as Robertson House and Doty House , is a historic home and garden located at Winnsboro , Fairfield County , South Carolina .	garden
However , mighty Alpha powers were beginning to slowly destroy the world .	powers
It also peaked at # 12 on the UK Singles Chart .	peaked
In December 2012 , the TV show is watched by 700,000 people regularly on D8 .	regularly
During this time , Marie exchanged numerous letters with her family in Britain and was terrified at the prospect of losing her husband .	letters
On November 6 , 2013 , Nexstar Broadcasting Group announced that it would purchase the Grant stations for $ 87.5 million .	purchase
In 1917 Stone entered military service in the Royal Canadian Air Force and gained the rank of Lieutenant .	rank
Her Master 's thesis focused on lithic production changes in Late Classic Maya workshops at the site of Colha in Belize .	focused
In 1960 – 1962 Gafarov worked in topographic and drilling crews of Gidroenergoproyekt , Angara expedition and in the Soviet Ministry of the Power Plant Construction .	expedition
Female deaths in connection with the rapes in Germany , overall , are estimated at 240,000 .	connection
He is a full professor at the Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg where he heads the Laboratory for Autonomous Intelligent Systems .	heads
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal .	equal
Following Dylan 's death , he wrote a critical study of Thomas as a religious poet .	poet
Since 2002 , all auto rickshaws have been required to use CNG as fuel .	fuel
Simon argues that our notions of increasing resource-scarcity ignore the long-term declines in wage-adjusted raw material prices .	increasing
Bertie lost the brooch , so he sends Jeeves to London to obtain a replacement .	replacement
In 1973 , Sumter officials negotiated an agreement between USC and Clemson for the school to join the USC branch system .	officials
In June 1992 , Mack and physicist David E. Pritchard organized a five-day conference at MIT to discuss and debate the abduction phenomenon .	debate
There is a re-introduction scheme in Fennoscandia .	scheme
Zipporah Potter Atkins bought land in 1670 , on the edge of what is now the North End .	edge
There are various macroindentation tests , including :	tests
The anime series ' first episode received negative reviews from Anime News Network 's staff during the Winter 2015 season previews .	negative
One aircraft , that of Flying Officer Charles Ewan , crashed ; Ewan died that evening in hospital .	evening
Hong Kong has a multi-party system , with numerous parties in which no one party often has the chance of gaining power alone .	chance
Cantwell claims that these experiments were directed by Wolf Szmuness , and that there was an ongoing government cover-up of the origins of the AIDS epidemic .	claims
In 1972 , Tyberg 's finances finally permitted a last trip to see The Mother on the occasion of the Sri Aurobindo Centenary celebrations .	trip
The top eight finishers qualified for the Candidates tournament .	qualified
At first , Tommy 's ability appears to be simple teleportation that he can 't control .	simple
DJI is the market leader in consumer drone technology and world ’ s leading producer of camera drones and stabilizers .	camera
The Boot Camp round was filmed at Vector Arena in Auckland in mid-January 2015 and broadcast from 1 to 3 March .	filmed
Because Fry 's stores are enormous , often stocking dozens of variations of a single type of product , they are popular with electronics and computer hobbyists .	stores
The discussion about journalistic interventionism mirrors the general debate about what professional journalism is , and how it can be defined , also in different countries .	debate
Sheffield does not have as extensive a suburban and inter-urban railway network as other comparable British cities .	extensive
The 2005 release of Mani Martin 's first successful single , " Urukumbuzi " , earned him popularity throughout Rwanda and neighboring countries .	popularity
His " History of Syphilis " has been translated into English .	translated
Crawford was to use her most notably for three world voyages , totaling 72,000 miles .	notably
Rulers of Imperial States enjoyed precedence over other subjects in the Empire .	subjects
I think it has more appeal than the original .	think
Its expert concluded that Ludlam had died three days before the body was found .	concluded
Early uses of instrument clusters often employed LEDs to display analog-type or numeric readings for pressure gauges , electrical gauges , and other displays .	display
Eurogliders will be headlining the entertainment on Darley Kingsford-Smith Cup Day ( 27 May 2017 ) during the 2017 Brisbane Winter Racing Carnival .	entertainment
She was named Hague " in 1782 , and was taken out of commission in 1783 .	commission
In 2014 , Clock DVA released the album " Clock 2 " on a USB drive through their label Anterior Research .	drive
Finn and Jake later rile up the apathetic demon masses by performing a " political rap " , which instigates anarchy .	performing
Other tournament played there by Boca Juniors was the 2012 Copa Master , although the team did not qualify for the finals .	finals
It is contemporary of Carpaccio 's cycle of the Legend of Saint Ursula and shows some influences of Giovanni Bellini .	cycle
You can see current services and tools available below .	tools
It is also a site of industrial-scale mining .	mining
It follows that the equality of the two products makes sense only if , that is if and are square matrices of the same size .	sense
There is no reference to a church in the Domesday Book of 1086 .	reference
The Governor 's Office building hosts the 2002-established " Kastamonu City History Museum " ( ) , the country 's first ever city history museum .	hosts
Mont Saint-Hilaire is a famous mineral locality because of its great number of rare and exotic mineral species .	rare
On July 28 , Goodell upheld the four-game suspension , citing Brady 's destruction of his cell phone as a critical factor .	factor
The historical marker is located south of Jackson on Tennessee State Highway 18 , at the corner of Caldwell Road .	corner
Pole position winners in each class are marked in bold .	winners
It continues to be performed , appearing in church hymnals and Easter songbooks as well as on " Wow Gold CD " .	appearing
Around the same time , there was several defederation movements by federated bodies , although none were successful .	bodies
Some officers claimed that residents taunted them about the killing of their two colleagues in Lurgan while shouting IRA slogans .	killing
Fruits are highly inflated , up to 20 mm ( 0.8 inches ) across with purplish papery walls .	walls
In the Court of Appeal , Hale LJ , Sir Christopher Slade and Sir Denis Henry upheld the conclusion of the judge .	judge
You don 't want to pour water into a leaky bucket ; it 's a waste of money .	want
After two years of protest , the prisoners decided to issue what they called the " Five Demands " .	prisoners
The initial Intrepid M offering was followed by the high-availability Intrepid X model , which provided warm-failover capability .	offering
A year later , US Airways had only about 170 flights per day to and from Pittsburgh , most being domestic flights .	domestic
It has since had 14 Greek editions , 2 English editions , and has been translated into Arabic , French and Serbian .	translated
In the UK , the album debuted at No .	debuted
There are additional offices in Sydney , Hong Kong , Moscow and Saint Petersburg .	offices
The district includes affluent residential areas in the Houma area and up and coming middle-to-upper-class neighborhoods along Highway 311 and in Summerfield .	residential
Delicâte started the season off strong in 2007 and was the top scorer on the team before suffering a broken jaw mid-season .	broken
He was replaced by Petersen in September , and the team worked increasingly long hours until the game was completed in December 1993 .	increasingly
Taught at several international summer schools , did open lectures in several universities .	universities
The weaving technique for dyed threads to make fabric are :	technique
The picture was acquired by the museum in 1954 .	picture
He is portrayed as inquisitive and a nerd .	portrayed
Spears recorded that Joffre , painfully aware that he could not allow the BEF to be crushed on French soil , exploded with rage .	soil
Prior to this appointment , he was the Tasmanian Director of Public Prosecutions from July 1986 to 1999 .	appointment
Defence is the responsibility of the United Kingdom .	responsibility
It was never rebuilt after the destruction when it was conquered .	rebuilt
It contains harsh critique of PAD and the criminal justice system of Thailand .	criminal
She was educated at Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts and Moscow State University before receiving a scholarship to Emory University in 1989 .	receiving
Nawrahta Minsaw had one daughter and three sons by the chief queen Hsinbyushin Medaw , and five daughters and a son by concubines .	daughters
The outfit have crafted their sound with unexpected arrangements and seductive harmonies , powerful horns and foot-stomping drums . "	powerful
He was , however , sent home after showing little interest in the instruction .	showing
" West Indian cricket team in India in 1958 – 59	cricket
In 1996 , he traveled to Switzerland to work on an ecumenical council associated with the World Council of Churches .	traveled
It wasn 't until 1926 that the last steam engine was converted to a motorized engine .	steam
On the departure of the Faqir , Hasan said the spot should hereafter be called after them jointly " .	spot
Scotcomms Technology Group Limited is a UK company formed in 1996 , specialising in card based transaction systems .	card
He even boasted that she had lived at his expense throughout her stay in England .	stay
The Central television series starred Derek Jacobi as Cadfael , first airing in 1997 on ITV .	starred
E ) Quantitative analysis showing the probability of extinction in the wild is at least 10 % within 100 years .	showing
Fine textured soils generally have a higher capacity for water retention , whereas sandy soils contain large pore spaces that allow leaching .	contain
Population : 14,863 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Kochki accounts for 27.3 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
The sculpture consists of a stainless-steel dove , perched atop an iron bar that was part of the Statue of Liberty 's original armature .	iron
The origin of the place-name may derive from the Irish word " fir " , which means " of the man " .	origin
Her skill as a radiographer was first shown when wounded soldiers came back from the Philippines .	wounded
Such systems generally consist of a small array of microphones separated by a precise small distance .	separated
South Carolina College was founded in 1801 to unite and promote harmony between the Lowcountry and the Backcountry .	promote
Regarding the third element requiring proportionality , the harm avoided must be at least comparable to the harm inflicted .	element
In 1980 , Hartnett won the Republican nomination for the Charleston-based 1st District after five-term incumbent Mendel Jackson Davis retired due to back problems .	nomination
Her eighth studio album , " Between the Sun and the Moon " , was released by Dome in 2004 .	eighth
He held the seat until 1946 , when he resigned to take up the post of Director of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization .	resigned
He was also an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination for Anne Arundel County Executive in 1990 .	nomination
David Breskin is an American writer , poet , and record producer .	poet
They have been under contract to Curb Records for several years but have not progressed beyond the point of recording demo tracks .	beyond
The Wildcats ( 3-2 , 1-0 Big 12 ) had 206 yards passing to go with 154 yards on the ground .	passing
In November 2007 , Franks was a contestant on the seventh series of " I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here !	seventh
The species name refers to the type locality , Alto Paraiso , Goiás , Brazil .	refers
Physopyxis cristata is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Rio Negro basin .	endemic
Though it seems that Ikki had gained the upper hand , he left the fight a draw .	seems
This is the second and only aired pilot for the series .	pilot
Common methods include Linear Analysis , Semi-log Analysis and Log-Log Analysis	methods
In 1954 , Brooks went on sabbatical , and spent some of her time touring and learning from European libraries and presses ..	learning
Unlike many Christian stations , they play music with only a few short breaks for weather , news , announcements , and features .	weather
It is located at the elevation of around , near Jebal Attaker .	elevation
The song received numerous comparisons to " Unpretty " by American girl group TLC , another track composed by Austin .	girl
XII on conveyance of private lands ; Section 10 , Art .	lands
He was instrumental in introducing scientist-philosopher Michael Polanyi and his Post-Critical philosophy to the United States .	philosophy
The IND Fulton Street Line ( ) has a stop at the intersection of Pennsylvania and Liberty Avenues .	intersection
VQ-1 had flown the route and orbit for two years , and the mission had been graded as being of " minimal risk . "	risk
The setting is mainly based on the city of Kasukabe in Saitama Prefecture .	setting
Local professionals donated services and volunteers , led by co-founder and Executive Director Bernice Baeza , worked to restore the Lark to its original splendor .	donated
For some information about actual station layouts , see railway station layout .	actual
Born in Cambridge and son of the Byzantine scholar , Romilly Jenkins , he was trained as a Russian interpreter during his National Service .	trained
The core product is defined as the benefit that the product brings to the customer .	core
It was at this time that the Dutch began to interfere with Indragiri 's internal affairs , including by appointing a Young Sultan based in Peranap .	internal
OpenBSD and NetBSD also will run on the Sun-4 architecture families .	architecture
In 1983 / 1984 the ski day event was held as a weekly winter sports event and it still takes place yearly .	weekly
The modern town of Artashat was founded by the Soviet government in 1945 , 8 km northwest of the ancient city , within the Armenian SSR .	northwest
Chad is tipped-off by a fraternity pledge that she went to the party , and he chastises Liz for ignoring her duties .	duties
The tensor index notation applies to any object which has entities that form multidimensional arrays – not everything with indices is a tensor by default .	object
Nevertheless , it is valued for many reasons , including its historical and folkloric elements .	reasons
The transmembrane protein T48 is part of a redundant pathway that is also needed for coordination of apical constriction .	protein
When the communists came to power in 1975 tens of thousands of Hmong fled to Thailand or emigrated to USA .	thousands
The main campus of the university is located in Njoro , a small community approximately , southwest of the town of Nakuru .	southwest
After 1910 , evangelicalism was dominated by the fundamentalists , who rejected liberal theology and emphasized the inerrancy of the Scriptures .	rejected
This is in contrast with the Chinese living in Japan , who generally use their Chinese names and openly form Chinatown communities .	contrast
These funds were then labeled with names , such as " MuniPreferred " , and actively marketed by brokers , such as TD Ameritrade .	funds
It originally aired on the Jade and HD Jade networks from 18 October to 28 November 2010 , consisting of 32 episodes .	consisting
( Mauritius score listed first , score column indicates score after each Bru goal )	column
The Police Department officially began on October 3 , 2007 with a foundation of 20 officers from surrounding Delaware police departments .	foundation
An invitation to compete in the 2009 Grand Slam of Darts was also awarded to :	compete
Another single from their self-titled debut album , " This Time I 'm in It for Love , " peaked at No .	peaked
Wyalusing and her consorts returned to Plymouth on 28 December 1864 and resumed blockade and amphibious support duties .	duties
It forms the transform type tectonic boundary between the Anatolian Plate and the northward-moving Arabian Plate .	boundary
He began to make progress at half distance and moved up on the outside to challenge for the lead on the final turn .	challenge
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal .	equal
However he also influenced other artists – both lesser lights as well as more accomplished artists such as van Dyck .	influenced
The Pointer Sisters scored a moderate hit with " Be There , " their single from the soundtrack .	soundtrack
Several large public clients require use of BIM in open formats ( IFC ) in most or all of their projects .	require
On 4 January 1917 its personnel were absorbed by the 1st Reserve Battalion , CEF .	personnel
His caricatured subjects are immediately recognizable , and have been made " grotesque " through " extreme distortion . "	subjects
The 2017 QX30 is assembled in Sunderland , United Kingdom , with the engines assembled in Germany .	engines
The effect of these sections was to fix the age of consent at 16 for heterosexual sex and 19 for homosexual sex .	sections
Bailey and Mason discover the gnome has gone , but they later find it in Sheila Canning 's garden and get the money back .	garden
India is currently Vanuatu 's 13th largest exporter .	13th
On 27 January 1879 a Commission of Investigation was set up to investigate the following charges :	charges
1771 et seq ) " shall establish a local school wellness policy by School Year 2006 . "	establish
According to National Bridge Inventory Condition Ratings , the bridge is rated as in good condition .	condition
Some Morse code prosigns can be expressed as two or three characters run together , and an overline is often used to signify this .	expressed
" It was only when got older and started going out with girls that I realized how romantic it was . "	girls
Not long after joining the club he helped Southend win the Norhalne Cup in Denmark , attracting interest from FC Copenhagen and Brøndby in the process .	joining
A concrete example source code in C would appear as :	concrete
Bowe , although holding his own in defence , wasn 't given any opportunities to run .	holding
In the Burma Campaign , the M3 medium tank 's main task was infantry support .	task
In 2007 , Liqiang Huang and Pashler proposed the Boolean Map Theory of visual attention and awareness .	visual
Although prices for Trinidad and Tobago cocoa beans remains high on the world markets , cocoa is no more than a marginal crop .	markets
Guru Arjan Dev was executed in Lahore in 1606 for his involvement in the rebellion .	executed
Around this time the same pirates who held him captive cut off the grain supply .	supply
A number of his works were adapted for Baroque lute by Roman Turovsky .	adapted
Caiserman - Roth ’ s father ran a salon out of their family home in Montreal and this was where her earliest influences began .	earliest
It was also effective for mowing down columns of infantry and cavalry and had psychological effects against its targets .	effective
When Vasella was 13 years old , his father died from complications of surgery .	surgery
In 2003 , he took over Dinamo București , and led them to one league championship and three consecutive cup titles .	consecutive
It is accessible from New London by plane and regular ferry service .	plane
A portion of the township was ceded to Hoboken in 1874 .	township
The song is perhaps most famously performed by Marilyn Monroe in the 1953 film " Gentlemen Prefer Blondes " .	perhaps
The opening concert each year is staged aboard " Jacinta " , the town 's heritage trawler .	heritage
This injury meant that Voyce secured the number 15 jersey for the next game against Italy .	meant
In the second game stood the Polish team Polonia Bytom for , where Elfsborg lost in both matches .	stood
These animals are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Dorididae .	marine
In that year , Holman was rated seventh in the world among welterweights .	seventh
After his death , his family erected a memorial cairn for him in Dalswinton Wood .	erected
Yemeni Americans speak both English and Arabic .	speak
" U.F.Orb " especially expressed a fascination with alien life with its bizarre sound samples and in the album 's title itself .	expressed
The Iron Man match received a perfect 10 out of 10 from Kapur , his highest rating of the review .	rating
The tree is said to have rather narrow leaves of leathery texture .	narrow
As of 2018 , this is the standings in the all – time winners list :	winners
Ben-Or was killed and further Fouga missions were promptly canceled .	missions
Several months pass and with the Forgotten 's help Jim is able to retrieve information on what happened and give it to Braddock .	happened
The Aurignacian levels date to between 43,000 and 32,000 years ago , and yielded stone tools , artefacts made from antlers , bones and ivory .	tools
In 2017 , the demands for a separate religious identity gained further momentum on the eve of the 2018 elections in Karnataka .	identity
It also snapped a string of five straight losing conference seasons .	straight
All games ultimately deriving from the old French game Marriage .	ultimately
He was selected to play in the South Africa A team which faced Argentina on 26 June 2002 in Witbank .	faced
In 1991 , Antonio and his then wife opened an Italian food shop , named Carluccio 's .	shop
Rimil has won several medals at Youth and senior level events .	medals
The forewings are whitish ochreous , the dorsal half slightly brownish tinged .	slightly
The last eight championships have been played in Boca Raton .	championships
It was the 18th team handball world championship for women .	18th
HIV prevalence rates vary considerably within the country .	rates
At some point , the west end was truncated to the intersection of Smith Street and Sackett Street .	intersection
O2 was responsible for the highest number of registered judgments , which financially blacklists those people who do not pay their bills on time in August 2008 .	registered
As part of the London 2012 Summer Olympics , Spitalbrook was chosen as the venue for whitewater canoe and kayak slalom events .	venue
The Allegheny County Department of Public Works oversees infrastructure , maintenance and engineering services in the county .	engineering
In 1997 , she made her feature film debut in a supporting role in the World War II drama " Paradise Road " .	supporting
In the mid-12th century , Preston was in the hundred of Amounderness , in the deanery of Amounderness and the archdeaconry of Richmond .	hundred
You get a lot of strikeouts just on accident . "	accident
To avoid the blacklist Semple moved to the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand .	avoid
The western end features a cantilevered street awning over the western entrance detailed with decorative cornicing and circular motifs .	entrance
Chen Lin ( ; 1543 – 1607 ) , courtesy name Chaojue ( 朝爵 ) , was a Chinese general and admiral of the Ming dynasty .	dynasty
Most of the Hollywood actors that required a hairpiece were clients of the company .	actors
This meant that Fernando Alonso inherited first position .	meant
Work was further postponed to give destroyers and other small fighting vessels priority as they were needed urgently to fight German U-boats in the North Atlantic .	vessels
The monitoring of Lennon later concluded that he was not a dangerous revolutionary , being " constantly under the influence of narcotics . "	concluded
De Freitas studied at the National Conservatory , winning the Composition Prize in 1926 for his " Nocturno " for cello and piano .	piano
A part of Regional School Unit 4 , this regional high school serves students from the towns of Sabattus , Litchfield , and Wales .	towns
You just check off ones as you go along . "	ones
After World War II it was transferred to Caerleon in 1948 , and it was then moved to its present venue in 1949 .	venue
By this time he and his horse were exhausted , but at that moment , as they rested , the ship began to collapse .	horse
TPA1 is currently the only state-owned broadcaster in Angola following the arrival of private channels TV Zimbo and Palanca TV and the privatization of TPA2 .	arrival
He is the author of numerous books on Daoism and Chinese popular religion , including " Ritual Alliances of the Putian Plains : Vol .	religion
He is currently married to the artist and costume designer Pascale Montandon .	designer
Urlacher is of Russian German descent .	descent
Any attempts at restoration ended with the onset of World War I in 1914 .	attempts
Epic Records decided to place Nas on the radio version due to his popularity at the time instead of 50 Cent .	popularity
The initial selling point of " Front Mission " was its storytelling approach .	selling
She was drawn to rap by the amount of words she could use in a song .	drawn
The Raptor 's goal is to elude ( or eliminate ) the Jurassic Park security guards , and corner Grant at the Visitors Center .	corner
Together , they established Shin Film and made many films through the 1960s which garnered recognition for South Korea at various film festivals .	recognition
The unit is billion cubic meters ( bcm ) per year .	meters
D 'Amore interfered in the contest several times by distracting Hoyt , the referee , or aiding Roode in some way .	contest
Races mostly feature standard Wii controls , and require use of the Wii Remote nunchuk attachment .	require
Part of this route is already designated the future eastern extension of I-74 .	extension
Muhammad was at that time looking for military allies against the Quraysh .	looking
" The Gold Rush " was a huge success in the US and worldwide .	huge
Leanne , Simon and Liz give statements to the police about the hostage situation , and Dan is arrested .	situation
By 1944 , the FTP had an estimated strength of 100,000 men .	strength
Jordan ordered everyone into a dugout , and a German artillery shell landed at the opening of his dugout .	artillery
He now works as a tennis coach in Herne Bay , Auckland .	tennis
The initial public offering of the company on NASDAQ was on March 23 , 1998 .	offering
In 1989 Beattie met the painter Daniel Davidson at Berkeley , while pursuing a teaching post .	painter
The A71 autoroute forms the commune ’ s western border .	commune
Both countries spent several hundred million dollars on new military equipment .	hundred
GM signed a contract that legitimized the UAW , and its membership in the next year grew from 30,000 to 500,000 members .	membership
According to his grandfather , he attended some Gopher practices in December .	practices
The website says Brewster left " an invaluable record of his era and a priceless artistic legacy . "	artistic
The Cincinnati Reds selected Ondrusek in the 13th round of the 2005 MLB June Amateur Draft .	13th
From modest beginnings , the company expanded rapidly thanks to its high level of service and outstanding treatment and product results .	rapidly
Irene secures a factory job for Passerotto , and even fills in for her for the first day .	factory
In 1982 , soon after Afghanistan took centre stage in global politics , his standard work , Afghanistan under Soviet Domination , was first published .	global
Basically a replacement 190 engine .	replacement
By the end of the 12th century , Roscrea had been incorporated into the bishopric of Killaloe .	12th
Elizabeth Laurence ( born Elizabeth Jane Scott , 22 November 1949 , Harrogate , England ) is a classical mezzo-soprano singer .	classical
During the exercise , the unit not only flew a variety of special air warfare missions .	missions
In 1973 , he took a break from his college and track career to serve a two-year mission for the Church back in Fiji .	break
The documentary was released on YouTube on April 18 , 2012 .	documentary
For the series , he partnered with model and singer Fauve Hautot reaching the Final 3 stage .	reaching
As a foreign correspondent of the periodical , in 1961 he documented the Eichmann Trial in a series of articles .	articles
Amer Fort is a fort located in Amer , Rajasthan , India .	fort
Although this was almost certainly an exaggeration , Defoe said later that he had gotten Mist out of jail on at least three occasions .	occasions
ANC security guards opened fire , killing nineteen people .	killing
The Haʻamonga is 5 meters high and made of three coral-lime stones that weigh more than 40 tons each .	meters
After the 2015 season , Barnidge made his first Pro Bowl , being voted as an alternate .	voted
The Southern Suburbs hug along the eastern slopes of Table Mountain , southeast of the city centre .	southeast
The property includes beaches , undisturbed forest as well as historic Danish colonial and Taíno Indian artifacts .	colonial
Pennsylvania Representative David Richardson was quoted in the December 9 , 1981 Legislative Journal referencing the bill stating :	bill
This was a first of its kind birthday wish has done in India in the air .	kind
South Sudan has a total of of narrow-gauge , single-track railroad line in the country .	railroad
Illa was featured on the cover of Murder Dog Magazine and other rap publications in preparation for his new national return .	publications
Following these messages , they knew they had cracked the Green Enigma machine .	machine
His goal in the match came from the penalty spot .	spot
In April 2014 , WOXM moved its signal from 90.1 FM to 89.1 FM .	signal
He could have joined the London Philharmonic Orchestra , but instead chose to work with Musica Reservata , an early music ensemble .	chose
He then feels so guilty that Cathy immediately notices something is wrong , and he admits what he has done , insisting that he still loves Cathy .	something
Dixie Howell said of his Bulldogs he believed " we would have won if we had gotten a break at the right time . "	break
He started creating a new heaven for sending Trishanku there to	creating
A request for a much earlier repeat had come from an unexpected source .	request
He was voted the best player on the Browns .	voted
William Henry Margetson ( December 1861 – 2 January 1940 ) was an English painter and illustrator , mainly known for his aesthetic portraits of women .	painter
Confucius said , " From the time that I got Ci , scholars from a distance came daily resorting to me . "	scholars
Amphibians are easily breed in captivity .	easily
When Michael feels bad about betraying Jan , he asks Elizabeth ( referring to her as " stripper " ) whether he should tell her .	asks
Also , fMRI was used which have detected the precise brain areas that are active during mental chronometry tasks .	brain
Constance told Denna how she could kill her trainer .	kill
He declines , and after they talk , he sends her back to her own bed .	talk
Hence the fort was originally known as Devagiri , literally ( " Hills of Gods " ) .	fort
The team played their home games at the Resch Center in the Green Bay suburb of Ashwaubenon , Wisconsin .	suburb
The game can be played both alone and with friends , supporting online play with up to 4 players simultaneously in the same world .	supporting
FEMA coordinates but does not fund disaster assistance provided by the Small Business Administration or the Farmers Home Administration .	assistance
The Turkish Naval Forces , or Turkish Navy , constitutes the naval warfare service branch of the Turkish Armed Forces .	naval
Snobbery surfaced more strongly as the structure of the society changed , and the bourgeoisie had the possibility to " imitate " aristocracy .	strongly
He was released from jail on May 13 , 2007 , due to good behavior .	behavior
The Richard Dimbleby Lecture ( also known as the Dimbleby Lecture ) was founded in memory of Richard Dimbleby , the BBC broadcaster .	memory
Ronald Knot ( born August 8 , 1994 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player .	hockey
It appears that Leeteuk had been suspicious of the true identity and intentions of Enjel , and he had been right all along .	identity
while the outboard roll spoilers only operate at speeds less than 130 KIAS to allow for more roll control at slower speeds .	operate
The whitebark pine is a keystone species in upper subalpine forests of the northern Rocky Mountains .	forests
Hajrullahu was born in Kosovo and fled to Canada when he was eight years old on a refugee flight to escape war .	escape
The VMBs flew the North American PBJ-1 Mitchell , which was the naval version of the U.S. Army Air Forces ' B-25 Mitchell .	naval
The union was founded in 1894 as the Amalgamated Society of Clothlookers and Warehousemen , and initially had just 203 members across five autonomous branches .	branches
The show won for best play and best set design at the 2016 Laurence Olivier Awards as well as being nominated in the best director category .	category
The Swedish Blue ( ) or Blue Swedish is a Swedish breed of domestic duck .	domestic
He also toured with Ina Ray Hutton around that time .	toured
As the girls all gather outside , Mona says she also saw Alison and Spencer believes she did too .	girls
Since there is no precise or formal definition of a mountain summit , the number of 4000-metre summits or four-thousanders is arbitrary .	formal
According to Lopez , the track was a " last minute " add to " Rebirth " .	minute
A complete set of tithe maps , covering almost the whole of Wales , is housed in the National Library .	covering
He was part of an era when Stade Français won five French championships and other honours .	championships
The creation of the Airstream was an outgrowth of the unpopularity of the streamlined Chrysler Airflow , which consumers failed to embrace .	creation
Pika came at the Miocene-Pliocene boundary from Eurasia .	boundary
The 19,000-square-foot home also has a dining room seating twenty , private terraces , an elevator , and parking for five cars .	twenty
The town once had a rich masquerade culture where each village sported their best masquerades .	rich
Nearby towns and cities : Romsey , Southampton , Eastleigh , Winchester	towns
Faure was sworn in on 7 February 2005 , despite international criticism of the succession .	criticism
The following week it rose to number 26 .	rose
The organization was formally incorporated in 1995 .	formally
However , the high price of the steaks was also noted ( the others were $ 9- $ 16 per pound ) .	price
Carrere & Hastings , the renowned beaux-arts architectural firm originally designed the building for the Knoedler and Company Art Gallery in 1912 .	architectural
Meanwhile , Gunn and Fred have breakfast together and talk .	talk
Variants of nunt exist where poppy seed is added along with the walnuts , or the honey is enriched with ginger or sesame .	exist
Louise even threatens to take legal action on Sandra if she ever sees Katie again .	sees
However , this version would ultimately not be made .	ultimately
He was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
The DEP has purchased or protected over of private land since 1997 through its Land Acquisition Program .	protected
Presently , Bongo Flava retains its political messages in spite of experiencing a rise in " gangsta " style rap during the 1990s .	rise
She was renting rooms in Lynn at 9 Broad Street , when 8 Broad Street came on the market .	rooms
Margaret Flint 's hostility toward her daughter resulted from a dispute over Martin Bernye 's will .	toward
The hardware may have a limited number of address bus bits , limited by the processor package or design of the system .	address
The per capita income for the city was $ 13,507 .	capita
In 2008 they celebrated their tenth year in business .	celebrated
The team finished first in the AFC West , and made the playoffs for the second straight season .	straight
The castle was nationalized after the gyermeküdülőnek used .	castle
The second disc captures even less of the show , as it starts filming at " Feels Good " and films up until " Run " .	starts
The Universal cameraman stationed at the air field left early due to the bad weather and went to see a Broadway play .	weather
" All of us have once heard that " god has created the world ex-nihilo . "	heard
Most notably who presented the new lord or king with the rod depended on the history and traditions of each kingdom .	notably
The shooting of the film began in February 2013 at Namaqualand , Northern Cape , South Africa and shot until March 15 .	shooting
Two range scales were provided : 0 – for the 37 mm and 0 – for the machine gun .	machine
During the 1970s and ' 80s , Evers was involved in the libertarian movement in the United States and the Libertarian Party specifically .	specifically
At the time Trudy was murdered , Stottlemeyer reluctantly suspended Adrian from duty , though he still remained his friend .	duty
WONN ( 1230 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Standards / MOR format .	broadcasting
He has warned that the procedure leads to an automatic excommunication .	leads
As of 2017 , this remains the last game Australia has played against a NZ club or provincial side .	provincial
Andrew Taylor designed the Bank of Toronto at St. James Street & McGill Street , which was erected in 1893-94 .	erected
Some relatively new ideas were included in the 1792 Constitution .	ideas
Atonement in Judaism is the process of causing a transgression to be forgiven or pardoned .	causing
Those differences include : ADHD , ADD , High Functioning Autism ( Asperger 's ) , Dyslexia , Dyscalculia , and Dysgraphia .	differences
Morrison was born in Brotton , North Yorkshire in 1868 to Robert Morrison , a mine owner from Newcastle upon Tyne .	mine
The per capita income for the CDP was $ 24,147 .	capita
She showed at least five pieces at the Royal Cambrian Academy of Art under her maiden name .	pieces
During the day , when the noise floor is higher , a typical handgun muzzle blast may propagate as much as a mile .	typical
showed that this simple process converges indeed towards the true sines .	simple
Sheffield hosts a number of festivals , the Grin Up North Sheffield Comedy Festival , the Sensoria Music & Film Festival and the Tramlines Festival .	hosts
It is endemic to California , where it is known only from a section of the central Sierra Nevada foothills .	endemic
Internalized homophobia can cause discomfort with and disapproval of one 's own sexual orientation .	sexual
Pain usually occurs in the front of the shoulder and is worse with motion .	motion
Hartt graduated from Acadia College in Wolfville , Nova Scotia , in 1860 , and by his graduation he had made extensive geological explorations in Nova Scotia .	extensive
Freeman produced programming and licensed software to Disney , Hasbro , NBC , and others .	programming
However , he ultimately did not run for Governor , and announced his intention not to seek re-election to the Senate in 2010 .	ultimately
Georgia Tech posted the first alpha version of FalconView as open source in June 2009 .	posted
De Guingand was to prove indispensable to Montgomery , not only in battle , but also in relations with the Americans .	relations
The EP features guest appearances from Ricky Blaze , TWO , Jeremih , DJ Spinking , Charlie Rock , Trav , Mel Matrix and Philthy Rich .	guest
Chanter was part of the touring bands for both Roger Waters and Van Morrison in 1984 .	bands
Overall , there have been 37 reigns shared among 26 wrestlers , with two vacancies .	shared
Cocha was also named MVP of the finals .	finals
When Edmond H. Fischer arrived at the Department in 1953 , the pair decided to work on the enzymology of phosphorylase .	pair
Life-size or one-to-one frontal and lateral photographic prints are then used as a foundation for facial drawings done on transparent vellum .	foundation
The town was surrounded by wetlands , leading to the nickname " Frogtown " for the large number of frogs that live in the wetlands .	surrounded
The series has been generally reviewed as being light entertainment .	entertainment
As of January 2013 , the station has branded the two stations ' news programming as one .	programming
Back at the X-Mansion , Jean Grey , Rogue , and Iceman are burying their fallen comrades on the X-Mansion grounds .	grounds
Classes continue for three consecutive terms , each five months long .	consecutive
In March 2007 , a new station building was completed , and the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented .	cards
Population : 18,207 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Kargat accounts for 55.2 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
In 1958 Needlers became a publicly quoted company , although the Needler family retained a controlling interest .	retained
Jana Lund plays Daisy Bricker , the object of Wayne 's jealousy , who kisses Deke ( Presley 's first on-screen kiss ) .	object
She was credited with having sunk a total of 16,835 tons of shipping .	credited
The top nine finishers qualified for the Candidates tournament .	qualified
He represents the Uttar Pradesh Wizards in the Hockey India League .	represents
The series writers have since joked that they should do a Diwali-themed episode every year in the same vein as the Christmas specials .	writers
The origin of the name " Alvis " has been the subject of a great deal of speculation over the years .	origin
Another all-Merseyside FA Cup final 1989 saw Liverpool beat Everton 3-2 .	beat
Several dozen poems of this genre were written over the course of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries .	centuries
Previously , Georgetown University had been invited to play in the game , but they turned in down in hopes of a better offer .	invited
He authored more than forty books and contributed to many others .	contributed
Roski enrolled in the United States Marine Corps after graduating in 1962 .	graduating
The diagram , figure 1 , depicts a complete , sophisticated stack that provides support for voice , video , and various forms of data communication .	communication
In some cases , however , a rebuttable presumption can also work in favor of the accused .	accused
The flag was first seen in October 1949 .	flag
The former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was an MP for Sheffield , representing Sheffield Hallam .	representing
He served 8 years of labor camps and after the release was ordered to stay in Siberia .	stay
In 1874 , he escaped on board an American vessel to San Francisco .	vessel
The purpose of the rendezvous is to reveal all of the investigations done by Department Six .	purpose
In the 2015 season the next year , the teams faced off in Seattle , where the Panthers won another close game , 27 – 23 .	faced
We made lists of these and wove them in nonsensical sentences .	lists
He went to Charlottesville to attend the University of Virginia Law School and graduated with a LLB degree in 1950 .	attend
On the 7th patrol the boat was lost .	boat
However ; the largest construction union in North America , LiUNA , has expressed cautious optimism and support for the report .	expressed
A successful model of Mendelian gene discovery involves the discovery of de novo variants using trio sequencing , where parents and proband are genotyped .	gene
Its main habitat is lowlands .	habitat
The standard of materials and construction was high , because the Government was determined that the houses would not become slums .	determined
He had extensive stage experience as an actor in repertory , especially in Scarborough and York .	extensive
Cabaret and burlesque shows , as well as haute couture fashion shows and pictorials , frequently include toplessness or see-through clothing .	fashion
Mercury 's lead vocals were also a first take .	vocals
Free throw attempts , half : 27 , vs. Portland Trail Blazers , May 20 , 2000	attempts
The 32nd Division suffered heavy losses from United States Navy submarine attacks during its voyage from China in the Take Ichi convoy .	losses
Of these , Og might provide the best chances for obtaining longer-lived nuclei , and thus might become the focus of future work with this element .	element
The women 's team won gold in 1998 and 2014 , a silver in 2010 , and a bronze in 2002 and 2006 .	bronze
The Sony camera was manufactured in Black , Silver , and Pink .	camera
The " Bradley " s wreck lies in of water in a thermocline with a temperature of 39F ( 3.9C ) .	temperature
Kelly had played for the Chicago White Stockings for several seasons , but things grew more contentious as time passed there .	things
Johann Hermann Schein ( 20 January 1586 – 19 November 1630 ) was a German composer of the early Baroque era .	composer
Training seminars are currently being delivered by the WSP Group and Oger International on behalf of the Urban Planning Council , Abu Dhabi .	delivered
Mathcad calls this " standard math notation " .	calls
Each king is assigned a tuner who becomes familiar with the king and acts as their personal tuner .	acts
Lucille 's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que is a chain of restaurants founded in Signal Hill , California specializing in barbecue cuisine as well as southern and Cajun style meals .	chain
Soon after , Ann Marie , annoyed by George 's pessimistic behavior , breaks off their relationship .	behavior
Nicolas Panagopoulos is a Greek composer of contemporary music .	composer
Cleostrata opposes his plan , and wants Casina to marry her slave Chalinus , who would stand in for Euthynicus until his return from the country .	stand
Instead of food being prepared by separate messes , it was cooked in the galley and served cafeteria-style in a central dining area .	prepared
The Fleetwood Docks Act of 1864 enabled the construction of a dock and embankment for both fishing and general cargo .	fishing
A 2010 Morgan Poll that asked : " Do you think Australia should have a new design for our National Flag ? "	think
Notable examples include the Fire Stations at Darlinghurst and Pyrmont , as well as Post Offices and country Courthouses .	examples
The much-worn pseudotooth bird bone may also be such a reworked specimen .	bird
Population : 25,523 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Chany accounts for 33.2 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
Standard LFs form a proper subset of normal LFs .	normal
In his sophomore season , Sears helped Plainfield make a postseason run , and in turn , drew the attention of colleges .	drew
In the same year , I 've released its 10th I 've Girls Compilation , entitled " ALIVE " .	10th
The merger of the Slovene Partisans with Tito 's forces happened in 1944 .	happened
She called for elections to be delayed until at least three months after human rights and democracy are restored .	restored
It 's always a good idea to reach out to a LEGO Education consultant to inquire of other differences as there are several more .	differences
303 Squadron , flying the Spitfire Mk.V .	flying
WIA hosts various activities and efforts aimed at raising awareness of women in the animation industry .	hosts
The floor allows three games to be played at the same time under one roof .	roof
In 1687 the Catalan Capuchin friars were given responsibility for the conversion of the indigenous population of Trinidad and the Guianas .	responsibility
During World War I she served on the Legal Advisory Board helping men complete draft registration forms .	draft
Ruth and Eugene were also trying to have a baby , but ran into some difficulties .	trying
In addition to the fact that Saba 's reefs are still flourishing , unlike many others in the region , several unusual natural formations attract divers .	unusual
The conversion raised her passenger capacity from 300 to 1,226 and cost £ 2.8 million .	passenger
Cork City and Dublin City also retained two seats .	retained
The Shellharbour and Wingecarribee Councils and the NSW Roads and Maritime Services have therefore published a safety brochure entitled ' Motorcycling Macquarie Pass . '	safety
He was appointed as governor of Cuba in 1747 .	governor
Some applications , such as Powerproject , have an integrated BIM module to support this .	applications
This can be seen in street entertainment known as mchiriku which is very popular in Dar es Salaam .	entertainment
On the north wall of the tower is a roll of honour to victims of World War I .	victims
" he secured and maintained his seat as M.P .	maintained
( a ) Cloning : RM systems can be cloned into plasmids and selected because of the resistance provided by the methylation enzyme .	resistance
Granton edge knives are often preferred when slicing thin portions of poultry , roasts , or ham . "	edge
From his student days at the London School of Oriental and African Studies , the Muslim world was his driving intellectual interest .	driving
It entered a filing in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit to challenge the proposed routing .	challenge
There are a couple reasons for that longevity .	reasons
By some published surveys , Tonga has one of the highest obesity rates in the world .	rates
He moved to Trenton , New Jersey , in 1865 and engaged in the manufacture of pottery .	engaged
He earned two varsity letters in football .	letters
The fourth phase was partner promotions , capped off with a final advertising campaign , titled " Believe " .	phase
1771 et seq ) " shall establish a local school wellness policy by School Year 2006 . "	establish
Isolier recognizes Ory and reveals his identity to Adèle .	identity
economic partnership developed stronger ties and economic interdependence .	partnership
In the 1990s , Tanzanian hip hop shifted from an underground phenomenon to commercially accepted model , and became accessible to working class youth as well .	underground
The esoteric mystery dance called Cham was introduced to Mongolia along with the Tibetan Buddhism and flourished beginning in the 18th century .	18th
The Canefield Airport has one runway 01 / 19 , which measures 3130 feet ( 954 metres ) .	measures
The album " rocks your backside about 75 percent of the time " according to the " Fort Worth Weekly " .	your
Completed in 1964 , the construction of the Research Library entailed carting approximately 4 million index cards and 14 miles of books around campus .	cards
However , a lost fumble by Wallace late in the fourth quarter led to a 24-21 Seahawks loss .	quarter
This solution was awarded with the Gold Medal - Consumer Choice at the Poznań International Fair .	solution
Chocolate production , which was heavily loss-making , was ended in 1976 , when production was concentrated on Glace fruits and toffees .	heavily
The effects of the two world wars had always prevented the sale and development of the area .	sale
Flying was between 700 and 1200 meters altitude .	meters
They are yellowish hyaline ( translucent ) in Melzer 's reagent , and pale yellow-orange when mounted in a solution of potassium hydroxide ( KOH ) .	solution
This proved to be indeed the case .	proved
He created his works in Shatberdi monastery of Tao-Klarjeti which was built by Gregory of Khandzta during the reign of Bagrat I of Iberia .	reign
They have diversified into other areas such as agribusiness , mining and academics .	mining
One of the points she made in the interview is that Taiwan belongs to China , and therefore outsiders have no business interfering .	interview
Two small windows remain with a single larger one facing south .	windows
St. Vincent Orphanage , for girls , was opened in 1832 in Louisville , Kentucky , by the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth .	girls
Fred goes to get cleaned up while Gunn stays to talk with Wesley .	talk
As an exception , the Geminids are a shower caused by the object 3200 Phaethon , which is thought to be a Palladian asteroid .	object
Macdonald espoused the idea that Oceanic languages were of Semitic origin , and promoted a hybrid Efatese language .	origin
The tolai hare grows to a head-and-body length of between with a tail of .	grows
No preliminary rounds were held at this distance , since the number of competitors allowed a direct final .	rounds
He has campaigned against the development and exploitation of the surrounding areas for purely commercial purposes .	purposes
They were acquired by Maritime Command ( MARCOM ) and commissioned in May 1989 with " Jean Tide " becoming and " Joyce Tide " becoming .	commissioned
He was one of the first authors to introduce realism into Uzbek literature .	authors
Denied formal training because of his Jewish faith , he taught himself gymnastics in high school .	formal
In 1860 , Gibbs relocated to Portland , Oregon , where he was elected to the state house .	relocated
In the 1972 Summer Olympics he won the bronze medal with the Romanian team and become the top scorer of the competition with 37 goals .	bronze
As a result , he was able to capture Florence .	capture
His graduate collection of sculptural , body-conscious dresses embellished with metal tubes and multicoloured chains won the Harrods Design Award .	graduate
Ron is initially unhappy with this , but accepts it and even gives them a can of mouth foam to use .	mouth
In 1982 , Philipson was the first director of an academic press to win the " Publisher Citation " , one of PEN 's most prestigious awards .	press
Gwen , now a young woman , waltzes into a restaurant dressed in red leather , drawing the attention of all the men .	restaurant
He assisted W. de W. Abney in experiments on colour vision .	colour
The district employs 101 teachers and administrators with a top salary of $ 108,937 in 2013 .	teachers
The ships carried a maximum of of fuel oil which was intended gave them a range of at .	fuel
On 2 June 2014 , he was included in Russia 's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad .	squad
TC2 has been accused by some groups of human rights abuses and political interference .	accused
Ecosystems in the park are wet tundra , Alpine tundra , coastal forest , and glaciers and icefields .	coastal
Slive dated the painting circa 1660 based on the style and clothing .	dated
The brakes operated only on the rear wheels .	rear
Eventually , the ISIL advance cut the M4 highway between Dar Al-Kharab and Mitras and allowed the jihadists to reinforce their positions at the Sarrin Grain Silos .	advance
He was defeated in 1900 when he ran for reelection to the Quebec assembly and returned to his law practice .	assembly
The event featured employees other than the wrestlers involved in the matches .	employees
Fort Burt and Fort George were the historical markers of the western and eastern limits of the town which benefitted from the protection of the Crown .	protection
The Commission d 'Organization Corporative ( COC ) was established on 21 January 1941 as an agency to construct the Peasant Corporation .	agency
The band toured Europe , especially Germany .	toured
Aberdeen University reluctantly granted him leave of absence and he began broadcasting for the BBC in February 1940 .	broadcasting
Russell commissioned a model of his dinosauroid by artist Ron Sequin , and the concept became popular .	commissioned
It has been assigned by the Institute for New Testament Textual Research to the 10th century .	10th
Much of the supernatural phenomena that occur are described only vaguely , or else are partly hidden from the characters themselves .	occur
Father Giovanni took this opportunity to reopen negotiations with Nzinga , whose legitimacy he questioned .	opportunity
The name of the journal is taken from the Turkish spelling of the word " praxis " .	journal
It remained at this venue until the closure of the course in 1939 .	venue
John Child , who competed in three Olympic Games and won a bronze medal at the 1996 Atlanta Games , was the team 's coach .	bronze
Globalization is defined by a heightened international access to the world capital market system and increased abilities to more rapid forms of communication .	communication
In the decade of post-war recovery , the office used prefabricated aluminium buildings imported from Great Britain in the building of schools and hospitals .	decade
He has acted in around 1000 films and has also featured in many MGR films .	acted
On its USA Central Territory website , it explicitly claims that it serves and welcomes the LGBT community .	claims
This demonstrates the waning power of the Zhou government , as well as the variability in the levels of application of the rituals .	application
Senator Mike Gravel , meanwhile , took considerable blame in Alaska for forcing Carter 's hand with the Antiquities Act .	considerable
He was subsequently convicted and sentenced to a four-year prison term .	sentenced
The cavalry escort which was supposed to protect the British diplomats had been delayed and had not joined them .	protect
She was back to a mile and a half in an evenly run race and she showed what she ’ s capable of .	capable
He was wounded in the Second Boer War and received the Queen 's South Africa Medal with four clasps .	wounded
That 's what I think is at the heart of the Peace Corps , and that 's why the Peace Corps is relevant today . "	think
The magnet 's armature ( spring-loaded ) operates a pawl that advances a ratchet .	operates
HollandExel operated an international scheduled service to Curaçao .	scheduled
He is remembered as the first prince in India who gave up his principality to become a freedom fighter against the British Raj .	freedom
Its sound and album cover drew numerous comparisons to The Beatles ' " Sgt .	drew
It was designed so that players could use their range of " Warhammer " miniatures ( if they had them ) to represent their monsters .	represent
The sixth Aries is a criminal recruited and empowered by Thanos to recover various alien artifacts scattered around Earth .	criminal
He does everything he can to bring the real Darla to the fore and with some persuasion , she does .	bring
The ending shows Aeterna vanishing after accomplishing her mission of seeing the sacrifice pilgrimage through .	ending
Some cruets are unusual , and can either be intended to be ornamental or functional .	unusual
Shan signed up with the Christopher Little Literary Agency in 1996 and they have continued to represent him up to the present day .	represent
In 2017 they qualified to the group stage for the fourth time , after beating favorites Legia Warsaw on away goals in the play-off round .	qualified
The hour of revolutionary war has sounded .	hour
Her writing has also been featured in literary magazines such as " Room of One 's Own " .	literary
Kira 's personality and thought process were derived from what Fukuda considered to be Japanese people 's thoughts .	derived
It is located on Route 30 , about south of the city centre , after the suburb Cerro Ejido .	suburb
Overall , it was ranked seventh on cable .	seventh
Hifi-klub , which distributed its releases primarily to club members .	distributed
In 1940 she married am architect called Willem Messer and the couple settled in Zeeland , in the south-west of the country .	architect
event , Beer Money defeated Eric Young and Bram and once again at Lockdown in a Six Sides of Steel match , thus ending the feud .	ending
The school also offers longer 6 to 8 week exchanges intended to enhance the students ’ globally focused education outside the classroom and enrich their linguistic proficiency .	focused
Māori Australians constitute Australia 's largest Polynesian ethnic group .	ethnic
The view of The Myddleton on the square is , in fact , the rear of the building .	rear
In 1961 , Paul Wolfe began a 35-year tenure as artistic director and conductor .	artistic
Extrinsic religiosity was associated with higher neuroticism but unrelated to the other personality factors .	factors
Thomas moved to London , deciding to sell his Ruthin Estate of Exmewe House	sell
The Reverse Polarity connectors use the same outer shell , but change the gender of the inner pin .	gender
The state funded the PSERS ( Pennsylvania school employee pension fund ) with $ 1,017,000,000 and Social Security payments for school employees of $ 495 million .	employees
He was the fifth wealthiest Queenslander , with a net worth in 2008 of A $ 875 million according to the Business Review Weekly Rich List .	worth
The Angel Investigations team celebrates at an expensive restaurant for Cordelia 's role in a national commercial .	restaurant
In addition , he coordinated Operation Solomon , in which over 14,000 Ethiopian Jews were airlifted to safety in Israel in one day in May 1991 .	safety
Gaumont said it had happened the day before the Tour finished on the Champs-Élysées in 2003 , when Millar won the time-trial .	happened
He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
The themes changed with each episode , and these were the driving force for the content of the show .	driving
It also provides validation that they are not the only ones facing these pressures everyday .	ones
Additionally , Isengard can mean " West Guard " .	mean
Christopher William Gray ( born June 19 , 1970 in Birmingham , Alabama ) is a former American football guard of the National Football League .	guard
In 1976 the groupings were reorganised to remove the geographical element and the Minor Counties were divided into East and West instead of North and South .	element
In 2009 , Pohlad had an estimated net worth of $ 3.6 billion , placing him No .	worth
Robert Peel wrote that Wiggin had " toned up " Eddy 's style , but had not affected her thinking .	affected
As a result , the " New Deal " saw modern steel carriages introduced from 1981 .	steel
This led to an MTV music video alongside Keak Da Sneak , as well as a supporting role in a tour of Europe and Japan .	supporting
On August 5 , 2008 , Daniel Norris died in an Edmonton , Alberta hospital of heart failure , following a protracted struggle with diabetes .	failure
Sitkovskiy 's symptom is the equivalent symptom .	equivalent
He was part of the team celebrations that were cruelly cut short by the Bali bombing and wrote a book about his experiences .	experiences
Wings generate a relatively complex pattern of forces at different points on their planform .	pattern
The first line and the theme of the poem also echo a well-known couplet in Shakespeare 's Sonnet 18 :	poem
This is the way in which players move the ball up the table .	ball
During his time with the team , he helped achieve a 53-7 record ( .883 ) and 3 state title game appearances .	achieve
The new edition featured the single " Nessun grado di separazione " , released on 11 February 2016 , which topped the charts in Italy .	charts
During the fight Bailey received punches in his face that opened cuts over and under both of his eyes .	eyes
From results of a blood test it was estimated he received 4 grays of radiation .	blood
South of this courtyard lies the Palace of Man Singh I , which is the oldest part of the palace fort .	fort
Altun was arrested in Germany on 5 July , 1982 in connection with the assassination of former Turkish prime minister Nihat Erim .	connection
Later that year she anchored the news coverage of the rescue of nine miners in Somerset , PA who were trapped for 77 hours .	coverage
The CMB is responsible for safeguarding the stability of the financial market , consumer protections and supervising participants in the stock market .	stock
They have two sons , Michael and Tobias I. S. , and two daughters Esther Furman and Hanna Y. Guggenheimer .	daughters
The only player to finish ahead of him was AIK 's Robert Burakovsky with 57 points .	ahead
Fry and Leela rush back to Neptune to bring in the real Santa to prove Bender 's innocence .	bring
Information from interviews , documentaries , music videos , and other publicity sources are assimilated into the stories .	videos
For instance , he became very popular by paying a very expensive organ transplantation for a Belgian child .	instance
World Heritage Sites may lose their designation when the UNESCO World Heritage Committee determines that the designated site is not properly managed or protected .	protected
However , Arnaud converted a key 4-and-5 play with a 22-yard pass completion to Marqui Hamilton for a first down at the Kansas State 23 .	completion
He has written a five-volume work on the history of the struggle against Japanese occupation of Burma during the Second World War .	occupation
Its membership was not only exclusive but limited .	membership
These attacks were at the request of General Franco as retribution against the Catalan population .	request
The band supported Social Distortion on select dates in early May 2012 .	dates
On January 17 , Hamels and the Philadelphia Phillies agreed to a one-year , $ 15 million contract to avoid arbitration .	avoid
Her name was Elizabeth McGrain , aged 25 .	aged
Due to exclusion from or marginalization by earlier mainstream society , there emerged a unique subculture among the racial minorities in the United States .	racial
An area of farming and forestry comprising the village and several hamlets situated some southwest of Guéret , at the junction of the D50 and the D44 .	southwest
The 1976 games marked the first television coverage of Paralympic events .	coverage
Flooding exploits the freedom of movement of players around the ground .	freedom
Mackenzie commented that he " thoroughly enjoyed " his family 's storylines upon their arrival , particularly the aftermath of the Mount Isa robbery .	arrival
Schafkopf is a mentally demanding game that is considered " the supreme discipline of Bavarian card games " .	card
As of the census of 2010 , there were 3,932 people , 1,816 households , and 1,022 families residing in the CDP .	residing
These are the adherents of the recognized Orthodox jurisdictions ( autocephalous and autonomous churches ) that are in full communion with each other .	churches
Fairs , pageants , and Arden holidays filled the calendar .	filled
They featured a main battery of eight guns in two quadruple turrets in forward superfiring positions .	guns
This institution is also both the first college in Illinois and the first between the Alleghenies and the Mississippi River	institution
who was a governor under Mswati II and was given the name " Tsibeni " while fighting the Tsibeni people in present-day Barberton .	governor
In 1878 , the couple moved to Ashland , Ohio and Killgore Wertman retired from law practice in order to raise the couple 's children .	raise
The different techniques to coat and paint are :	techniques
The song appeared in the 2017 Microsoft Windows holiday commercial to promote Paint 3D .	promote
On 14 January 1943 he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order ( DSO ) for his actions on 2 November 1942 at El Alamein .	actions
PRM 's principal authorities derive from statutes , including the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962 and the Refugee Act of 1980 .	authorities
When they traveled from universe to universe , they were sometimes mistaken for gods , like they were on Earth .	traveled
Box is the author of the Joe Pickett series , as well as several stand-alone novels , and a collection of short stories .	novels
He was admitted to the bar in 1856 .	admitted
Senior setter Molly Kreklow went on to be selected by U.S. women 's national volleyball team to compete in the NORCECA Women 's Volleyball Championship .	compete
The lake is located at an elevation of 1672 m.a.s.l .	elevation
In addition , the library offers free delivery of most items through its MAYL service .	items
He later commanded Hamilton 's 23 Medical Company , with the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel .	rank
Sometimes it is used as synonymously with industrial economics / industrial organisation , managerial economics , and economics for business .	organisation
The tour rides are expected to grow to well over 5,000 riders as cycling enthusiasts discover the challenging , epic riding available in Oklahoma 's Green Country .	grow
" List of wars involving Tanzania	involving
While many records in TGN include coordinates , these coordinates are approximate and are intended for reference only .	reference
Fred comforts Angel as he painfully deals with the aftermath of being controlled by the demon inside of him .	controlled
When the bartender at La Brea asks if Angel is " the boyfriend , " Angel replies , " No .	asks
Jamie Shaul ( born 1 July 1992 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays as a for Hull F.C .	rugby
Since then , a few articles have reported the same disorder , which subsequently obtained the name " Vici syndrome " .	articles
There is controversy over whether its symptom of choreiform movements is distinct from the similar movements of Sydenham 's .	distinct
This is referred to in the genus name , which means " ancient goose-like [ bird ] " .	bird
Most of them are combining forms in New Latin and hence international scientific vocabulary .	scientific
Calculating NOA is necessary for applying the " Discounted Abnormal Operating Earnings valuation model " .	necessary
The competition consisted of two rounds , qualification and final .	rounds
Sculpture is less developed , and public monuments are usually heroic representations of Atatürk and events from the war of independence .	independence
Her employer , TV channel France 3 , decided to send her to Perpignan on Aeris to save money .	save
This school functioned the following decades , thanks to donations and bequests by baron Simon Sinas , a member of the diaspora .	decades
vectors are exactly the same , that is , they cover the same instructions , at same step .	step
The journal is abstracted and indexed in :	journal
All of these problems have to be addressed at scale .	scale
With Debeljak as offensive coordinator , the Case Western Reserve Spartans saw their first " back-to-back-to-back " .500 seasons since 1986 .	offensive
The park protects dozens of historic ruins from the colonial and plantation eras through the 1950s .	colonial
Parthenogenesis can result from either full cloning of the mother 's genome , or through the combination of haploid genomes to create a " half-clone " .	combination
Though the terror is seemingly out of control , a group of young people trying to find answers end up having their pleas ignored .	trying
In 1950 , he settled in São Miguel , becoming an intern with lawyer Carlos Bettencourt .	lawyer
" Stanisław Lem 's fictitious criticism of nonexisting books	criticism
0.004 % Fe increases the recrystallization temperature by around 100 ° C ( Humphreys and Hatherly 2004 ) .	temperature
The first concert of the Philharmonic Society took place on December 7 , 1842 in the Apollo Rooms on lower Broadway before an audience of 600 .	audience
Barjon is located on the southern flank of Mont Mercure ( 469 m ) at an altitude of 397 metres at the town hall .	hall
She has no lines and is seen only in passing in the first three seasons .	passing
Le Subdray is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
A 1993 Park Service survey documented several village sites dated between 1200 AD and 1920 .	dated
Agricultural exhibits of horses , cattle , sheep , chickens and other animals are featured every year at the fair .	horses
He lives in Manhattan and teaches fiction at Columbia University .	fiction
After leaving school at 15 with no qualifications , he acquired a pony by means of an animal charity , and became a competent rider .	animal
When Santa Elena fell , its inhabitants-including the converted Jews and Muslims-escaped into the mountains of North Carolina .	mountains
The London Planetarium no longer exists and it is no longer possible to visit it as a separate attraction .	exists
In multiplayer , if one player loses all of their lives , they can respawn with three more lives if the player can move to another screen .	screen
The fixed wing floats were replaced by retractable floats , and a nose turret was fitted .	fixed
The Tanzanian culture seemingly refuses to accept violence and vulgarity in its music while romanticizing socialism .	violence
The Darwin Mounds " Lophelia " grow on sand rather than hard substrate , unique to this area .	grow
Amos imagined the songs as living their own lives , all checking into the " choirgirl hotel " ( i.e .	hotel
At the 1929 general election , Tapsell stood against Clement Attlee in Limehouse .	stood
On March 23 , 1959 , Porechensky District was abolished and merged into Velikoluksky District .	merged
Although the first example of written Romani dates from 1542 , it is not until the twentieth century that vernacular writing by native Romani people arose .	dates
He was not a candidate for renomination , but was an unsuccessful candidate for nomination as United States Senator in 1930 .	nomination
Supporting National Council in the development of policies is a number of national committees that undertake research , examine strategies , provide advice and recommend policy approaches .	policies
William Irvine was consecrated a college bishop ( i.e .	bishop
In July of that year , the consulate organized an Israeli film festival for the citizens of Bangalore .	citizens
Multiband compressors are primarily an audio mastering tool , but their inclusion in digital audio workstation plug-in sets is increasing their use among mix engineers .	increasing
New customers included large-scale users of bicycles such as the health services and the military , along with the postal and telegraph services .	users
It is a codex of the human chakra system and the solar light spectrum , designed to activate Kundalini in color-coded paintings .	paintings
The 2011 season is New Radiant Sports Club 's 32nd year in existence as a football club .	existence
He found moral philosophy vague , but excelled at science , in which his lecturers included the young Lord Kelvin .	philosophy
In the same general period a pair of small mottes was also built in La-Tour-St-Austrille to act as a toll station for the Roman road .	pair
There is also an experimental attempt to use NetBSD or Linux to solve the driver issues .	driver
Fleming , in an effort to defuse the tensions caused by this ruling , changed it so that no flags would be flown .	effort
None of this evidence impressed the police sufficiently for them to take action , although a report on the matter was added to Thorpe 's MI5 file .	matter
Wu Zhi then shouted at Zhu Shuo , " Zhu Shuo , how dare you leave your seat ! "	your
War Drags You Out is a series of digital illustrations depicting prominent political and religious figures as drag queens .	figures
Baji Prabhu and his men fought with Jauhar 's army and prevented them from crossing the pass .	crossing
Following the conclusion of Operation Kingfisher , 3rd Marine Division split the Kingfisher tactical area of responsibility ( TAOR ) in two .	responsibility
A protege of Bal Gandharva , Shiledar was a renowned performer and drew a packed house for her performances .	drew
Kingsolver , her husband and her elder daughter chronicled their experiences that year in the book " Animal , Vegetable , Miracle " .	experiences
Ayb School ( ) , is a private educational complex in Yerevan , Armenia , opened in 2011 by the Ayb Educational Foundation .	educational
The generals commanding his wings were Qubaz and Anoshagan .	wings
On 31 January 2019 McKirdy joined Newport County on loan until the end of the 2018-19 season .	loan
The Sultan used Fort Lamu as a base for defeating the Mazrui rebels in Mombasa , and for establishing control over the East African coast .	defeating
Guzman wrote the Spanish lyrics with Fernando Osorio .	lyrics
( Mostofa Auditrium , named after Bir Srestho Sepoy Mostafa Kamal ) has a modern stage and audio visual facilities .	visual
Adult breeding males have a colorful and complex plumage pattern .	pattern
As of the evening of May 22 , 2009 , Washington state has reported 574 confirmed cases and one death due to swine flu .	evening
Licensure criteria include 80 % ownership by Tongans living in the country .	ownership
They have done very well and they want the victory , like us .	want
Diodorus Siculus also reports that some Gauls fought naked , trusting in the protection of nature .	protection
Four years later , the earliest known inter-county match took place when a Kent side and one from Surrey played against each other on Dartford Brent .	earliest
Outardes-2 was built in conjunction with the Manicouagan-Outardes project and is located at the mouth of the Outardes River by Noye Bay .	mouth
With Kantner reunited with Balin and Casady , the KBC Band opened the door to a full-blown Jefferson Airplane reunion .	door
In the City of London in 1277 , prostitutes who worked in brothels were prohibited from living within the city walls .	walls
Kris successfully commercialized or licensed micromachine technologies with Tanner Research , OMM Inc . , Xactix , and Sony .	successfully
costud síde - " establishing of peace " in the Word Ogham of " Morann mic Moín "	peace
Torchia was later a colour commentator for the Kitchener Rangers on 570 News .	colour
In 2000 , she underwent a bypass heart surgery and used a pacemaker .	surgery
Fript and Earley founded the Paul Evans brand in 2012 , and launched the e-commerce website in August 2013 .	brand
While in OVW , Nitro and Matthews won the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship once , holding it for over two months .	holding
In February 1867 Eddy and her husband , Daniel Patterson , a dentist , filed a lawsuit against the city to recover damages .	filed
In 2012 Indie performed in front thousands of patrons at the Digicel All island Carnival in Old Marina in Port Antonio Portland .	thousands
Addition of methionine inhibits such cultures but can be utilized for the production of ethylene following a lag phase in shake cultures .	phase
The " second order " Fresnel lens was manufactured in Paris and installed by workmen from France .	installed
The caissons with the pylons were prefabricated and then erected in the reservoir .	erected
Johansson also appeared as television political analyst , most especially during Election Day coverage of both New Zealand and the United States .	coverage
In 1961 , paintings were discovered in the South transept .	paintings
I 've played at places like Kolkata , where if the team loses two-three matches on the spin , the numbers in the stadium diminish .	stadium
The 2014 ACRC Bowl Series included nine collegiate bowl games with 18 teams ( including nine conference champions ) over two days .	champions
In 2011 , Cox was a candidate in the general election for the Laois – Offaly constituency , coming last with 60 votes .	constituency
In 1982 , Wen came to the US for graduate school via the CUSPEA program , which was organized by Prof. T. D. Lee .	graduate
When Eddy first met Quimby in Portland in October 1862 , she had to be helped up the stairs to his consulting rooms .	rooms
Tylonotus masoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
Males had a median income of $ 27,773 versus $ 20,324 for females .	versus
Tolstoy 's activities were aimed at backing the nobility , regulating peasantry 's " modus vivendi " and spreading his administration 's influence over local authorities .	authorities
It thrives in volcanic soils because of its deep roots .	deep
The Philippines suffers from widespread corruption .	widespread
As a result of repeated racial bigotry , Russell refused to respond to fan acclaim or friendship from his neighbors , thinking it was insincere and hypocritical .	racial
Another source gives a slightly different account :	slightly
Tobago is mountainous and dominated by the Main Ridge , which is long with elevations up to 640 meters .	meters
However , the Duke , being a true Gordon , could not stay out of trouble for very long .	stay
The song follows a chord progression of B – C – G – E , while Rihanna and Nicki 's vocals span from B to D .	vocals
Born in Kotor , Pavićević is a 1971 graduate from Belgrade 's Academy of Theatre , Film , Radio and Television .	graduate
The Henderson Bridge is a railroad bridge spanning the Ohio River between Henderson , Kentucky and Vanderburgh County , Indiana .	railroad
The Alsek River serves as a route of discovery and migration from the coastal mountain range in the park to the Pacific Ocean in the preserve .	coastal
The Waipara River humerus mentioned above agrees with " P. miocaenus " in that respect .	respect
If a tie ensues , this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages .	figures
Its credits acknowledged the assistance and co-operation of the Air Ministry and the de Havilland Aircraft Company .	assistance
It was also included in their 100 best Spectrum games ever made , reaching number 10 .	reaching
Having spent more than half his life as an MPP , Conway decided to retire before the 2003 provincial election .	provincial
The greatest growth in the city occurred during the Civil War .	greatest
A sensible comparison would be Robert E. Lee 's surrender at Appomattox Court House , though he was never outnumbered to the degree Mao regularly was .	regularly
AllMusic senior editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine concurred , citing it as " possibly the most beautiful song of the rock and roll era " ..	possibly
Érd itself was first mentioned in documents in 1243 .	documents
In the 2011 season , Slater was voted to be the Special Teams Captain by his teammates .	voted
Moving up to the attic , he looks out and sees the Beldams .	sees
On October 31 , 2008 , the winners of " Breaking the Mold : Developers Edition Artbook Cover Contest " were announced on cultofrapture.com .	winners
By 1900 the High Street had become heavily built up .	heavily
VPR produces the podcasts But Why and Brave Little State .	produces
To honor Thome , the Indians placed him at his original position , third base , for one pitch against the Minnesota Twins on September 25 .	honor
The per capita income for the city was $ 19,157 .	capita
in Constantinople in the Ottoman Empire as the youngest child of Helias and Victoria Papayannis , a wealthy Greek family .	youngest
Too Many T 's are a rap and hip hop band from London consisting of Leon Rhymes and Ross Standaloft .	consisting
One such interpretation is that Black feminism addresses the needs of African-American women that the feminism movement largely ignores .	needs
For instance , there was a ban on breaking an opponent 's bones .	instance
This procedure is repeated several times , alternating hot and cold .	cold
Regions of the park closest to the Gulf of Alaska have a relatively mild climate with significant rainfall and comparatively low snowfall .	climate
The project is a series of wire drawings of the unstable homes of the poor .	homes
She was one of the first American women to work as a professional landscape architect .	architect
Athletes start with a qualifying round .	qualifying
Arvind Sharma describes the story of King Shibi in the following terms ,	describes
He became a follower of the saint and swore an oath to follow the Sufi Mevlevi Order .	follow
The widgets wrap ncurses functionality to make writing full screen curses programs faster .	screen
There , he met his future wife , Mary Redpath , the oldest daughter of a fellow coal miner .	coal
The company further expanded in 2010 and 2011 , acquiring two further businesses in the United States .	businesses
This represents a population growth rate of 2.9 % .	represents
The Northern Shaolin style of kung fu is one of the most prominent traditional northern styles of Chinese martial arts .	arts
Though the official deportation of Jews to death camps had not yet started , Jews have no recourse to any legal protection .	protection
At the beginning of the town there is a modern olive oil mill .	mill
However , the success did not last and Lajoie resigned during the 1909 season as manager but remained on as a player .	resigned
This is because melted solid ink that has subsequently cooled and re-solidified inside the ink-delivery pathways is a normal part of printer operation .	normal
An alternative to the White test is the Breusch – Pagan test , where the Breusch-Pagan test is designed to detect only linear forms of heteroskedasticity .	alternative
A March 1925 review in " Pictureplay " magazine stated , " perhaps an American director would not have seen greed as a vice . "	perhaps
The paintings showed idealized portrayals of famous moments from American history .	paintings
He was added to the Reds ' 40-man roster after the 2009 season to protect him from the Rule 5 Draft .	protect
The prevalence rates are 12.7 and 3.8 percent , respectively .	rates
The upper parts of the man had passed through the harrow and were badly damaged while the lower parts were intact .	damaged
Later in his career , he was a mentor to many up-and-coming blues musicians who moved to Chicago , including Muddy Waters .	musicians
Karajan had joined the Nazi Party early and was much more willing to participate in the propaganda of the new regime than Furtwängler .	participate
She also filmed an episode of " " , " " in which she played a killer .	filmed
For example , in the Kharasch – Sosnovsky reaction .	reaction
In addition to his earlier real estate dealings , White began contracting to supply materials for construction .	supply
Originally , the complex consisted of seven massive apartment blocks , and housed from 40,000 to 70,000 people , although a real headcount was never conducted .	blocks
In URIs a hash mark codice _ 1 introduces the optional fragment near the end of the URL .	mark
To prevent her and Leela from leaving , Kif sings karaoke .	prevent
By May 22 , 1839 , he left St. Louis with a large party , heading for the annual trapper rendezvous in the Wyoming mountains .	mountains
He spent some time there with a spiritual guru who suggested him to open the monastery in Accra .	suggested
Gastam is from Ponce , Puerto Rico and started singing in his school choir when he was 8 years old .	singing
As an example Epstein cites the work of the contemporary Russian poet Timur Kibirov .	poet
The " Chairon " river rises near the village and flows south-east to join the " Sans Fond " at Beau-Vallon .	flows
It consisted of 196 images that were stitched together .	images
On 13 November 1940 he was given command of , a training boat .	boat
She proposes marriage to the judge ( played by Professor Farnsworth ) .	judge
After much debate , Padmavati and Ratan Singh are wed together with the blessings of Padmavati 's parents and all of Singhaldweep .	debate
In late December 2015 , Storm opted not to sign with NXT and return to TNA instead .	sign
The vessels had four screws , with the two outboard screws mounted in skegs .	vessels
Balanced trade , as a concept , was suggested by Warren Buffett in a November 2003 Fortune Magazine article .	suggested
Gorse , broom and saplings are removed and volunteers systematically ‘ bruise ’ the bracken with sticks , to reduce growth in future years .	reduce
Arroyo stated to visiting Swiss President Pascal Couchepin : " We advocate federalism as a way to ensure long-lasting peace in Mindanao . "	peace
The variety attested in 17th century Qur 'anic glosses is known as Old Kanembu .	17th
In the 15th century , it belonged to Guillaume de Littera ( 1371-1452 ) .	15th
There are three major sources of color error ( metameric failure ) :	failure
Delvy helped produce many known and unknown artists and was involved in all aspects of the music business .	aspects
The original light was a two-story wooden structure , with a lantern housing a fifth-order fresnel lens .	wooden
Clevett did not rate TNA 's previous event Hard Justice , but he gave a rating of 6 out of 10 to TNA 's Lockdown .	rating
England 's Champion cricketer WG Grace ( 24 ) first played Test cricket in 1880 .	cricket
In reality , Robin canceled the photos and her father kicked Barney in the crotch .	reality
Witnesses also describe Williams as " smiling " during the shooting .	shooting
The eight children of Frederick and Christina , including two ancestors of Swedish royal lines , were :	royal
It is sited on a wooded ridge commanding excellent views of the upper Severn Valley .	views
He is a civil rights attorney with degrees from Michigan State University and Southern Illinois University 's School of Law .	degrees
Bill Kuchman of Popculturology gave the episode high marks , noting that it didn 't just rehash previous episodes focusing on Ted and Robin 's relationship .	didn
Hattie Leah Henenberg ( February 16 , 1893 – November 28 , 1974 ) was a lawyer from Texas .	lawyer
Fans wanted one thing , a joint album ... and we 've got it " .	joint
The Commonwealth came to an end with the signing of the " Gamli sáttmáli " ( " Old Covenant " ) agreement in 1264 .	signing
The siblings , who were then between 11 and 18 years old , wore black Ray-Ban sunglasses reminiscent of " Reservoir Dogs " and had waist-long hair .	hair
It was in that moment that her vegan lifestyle and pursuits in animal welfare began .	animal
The larvae feed on " Encelia farinosa " .	feed
We are training animals to run as fast as they can .	fast
The production was deliberately designed to de-emphasize the horrific aspects of the story and focus on the story 's mystical and psychological elements :	aspects
He accepted responsibility , but said that Congress was likewise culpable .	responsibility
In 1840 , Pastor Gruber of Uniontown ministered to these Bavarian Lutherans and helped them establish the Peace Lutheran Church parish in Friedenberg in 1844 .	establish
" Dile " was the only commercially successful of the four singles , reaching number eight on the " Billboard " Tropical Songs chart .	reaching
The unit discovered that several commercial firms in Mexico and Central and South America were encrypting communications with Germany , breaking the neutrality laws .	laws
Filming in Berlin was done , among other places , on the Kurfürstendamm and in an apartment block area in Berlin-Neukölln .	block
The black river runs on the north end of the downtown .	downtown
Many scrollers were plain horizontal scrollers , but demo coders also paid a lot of attention to creating new and different types of scrolling .	creating
Each faced up to 25 years in prison and deportation if convicted .	faced
Dresden Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
Other earlier Westerns had portrayed Native Americans in a positive light .	portrayed
The team plays its home games at Nashville Municipal Auditorium in downtown Nashville .	downtown
The League also tried to educate the public through talks on radio and by distributing printed material .	printed
The war ended for Osnabrück on 4 April 1945 , when the XVII Corps of Montgomery 's Second Army entered the city with little resistance .	resistance
During the filming of the video , a shard of glass from the shattering mirror became lodged in Osbourne 's face and throat .	glass
A referendum was held in December 1974 to determine whether the Gilbert Islands and Ellice Islands should each have their own administration .	determine
Gateways are also used in order to enable videoconferencing devices based on H.320 and H.324 to communicate with H.323 systems .	devices
Crossing the river they went to Sheikhpara freedom fighters camp which was situated at Katlamari in Murshidabad .	freedom
Tippmannia olivascens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
The main roads are :	roads
The movement for abolition led to capital punishment being halted in practice in 1962 with the practice being formally abolished in 1976 .	formally
Periodically , the corporation lowers the water level in the lake by opening the dam to enable lakefront property owners to conduct repairs on docks and boathouses .	owners
Helmut begins a lot of short affairs with different women but still searches for his first girl .	girl
Natterson-Horowitz earned her Bachelor ’ s and master 's degrees from Harvard University .	degrees
The ears are small and are hidden in the animal 's fur .	animal
He plays club cricket for VOC Rotterdam .	cricket
However , the Company began to lose members immediately due to losses on the battlefield , both in civil wars and against the English .	losses
The relatively narrow election results in West Virginia are reflective of a nationwide reconsolidation of base for the Republican Party , which took place through the 1980s .	narrow
Rainfall in the Puget Sound AVA ranges from to annually , which is similar to many European grape growing areas and the Willamette Valley AVA in Oregon .	annually
Formerly the canal de Berry linked Montluçon towards the north .	linked
The mountain Ben Nevis is located southeast of the fjord .	southeast
It resulted from a commission by the Jesuit church of Santa María del Pilar de Calatayud , now known as San Juan el Real .	commission
Then she goes skinny dipping in the ocean for a morning swim and is eaten by a large , apparently emphysemic , tiger shark .	morning
Box led the Xbox One platform development team from its inception through launch on November 22 , 2013 .	launch
There are also a large number of smaller amateur theatres scattered throughout the city .	amateur
is a song by American rapper Kendrick Lamar , featured on his compilation album , " Untitled Unmastered " .	compilation
Simon of Trent and Werner of Oberwesel are other examples of individuals who died under unknown circumstances , but whose deaths were nonetheless attributed to the Jews .	examples
In elementary school , Elnaz Shakerdoust became interested in acting and later received a degree in Theater from Azad University .	interested
Byte or character-level comparison is useful in some specialized applications .	applications
From 1919 the non-political composition of the council was challenged by the election of members of the Labour Party .	composition
It is primarily used as shuttle bus and normally carries 19 passengers .	passengers
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international classification .	classification
Mariners Harbor is a neighborhood located in the northwestern part of New York City 's borough of Staten Island .	neighborhood
He concentrated on medicine in 1882 for a preparatory course to the Military Medical Academy .	medicine
Kopisto took part in several spectacular military actions in Volhynia against the occupying German forces as well as the collaborationist units of the UPA .	actions
The " Cellier Diptych " has the Virgin and Child in an enclosed garden with the same two Saints Catherine and Barbara on the left-hand panel .	garden
The abbey 's location near the border of Wales meant it was destined to have a turbulent history .	meant
Father François-Joseph Bressani ( Francesco Giuseppe Bressani ) labored among the Algonquin and Huron Indians in the early 17th century .	17th
In 1994 devastating floods on the river after heavy rains caused widespread damage around Macon .	widespread
Harman assumed post-acquisition indebtedness of Studer Revox of approximately 23 million Swiss Francs ( approximately US $ 16 million ) .	assumed
The total contract was worth 40,392 million yen .	worth
The Ultimate X match and Monster 's Ball II were both given the same rating , a 9 out of 10 .	rating
Malzahn then put Davis , who doubled as Auburn 's punt returner , in the end zone for the return in the event of a miss .	zone
The topics of self-determination have since entered mainstream electoral politics .	electoral
Kristýna Znamenáčková ( born 11 September 1988 ) is a Czech classical pianist .	classical
To the rear , are terraced gardens , and one of them contains a commemorative arch .	rear
This is equal to the number of electrons in its valence shell if all the valence shell electrons are used for bonding .	equal
She makes a wish with it that inadvertently causes Caleb and Alison to have sex in her and Rafe 's barn .	causes
Rotuman in Fiji , the Rotuman people are deemed the minority , causing vast outmigration of nearly 80 percent of the population .	causing
It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period .	dating
It is just south of Sispara pass , and forms the southernmost boundary of Mukurthi National Park in Tamil Nadu .	boundary
But problems may loom for Thailand 's high-tech sector .	sector
Thick smoke covered the stricken area , impairing rescue operations and probably killing some of the survivors still under the debris .	killing
The Iroquois maintained this area as a hunting ground by conquest .	maintained
He subsequently donated the trophy back to the Soaring Society of America as a perpetual trophy .	donated
It has also donated buildings and land for the building of new synagogues .	donated
It can diagnose plant diseases , pest damages and nutrient deficiencies affecting crops and offers corresponding treatment measures .	measures
However , since 1761 , the Indians in the area were not happy with the way the British treated them .	treated
At same year such monument as Strogonoff garden got his book ' Stogonov dacha .	garden
In the cracking process carbon is also produced which gets deposited on the catalyst ( catalyst coke ) .	gets
The following is a list of concerts and music events that have been held at the arena .	concerts
He 's also the author of more than 30 theological articles .	articles
Llewelyn may have observed Donati 's Comet in 1858 before it was officially announced by the Italian astronomer .	observed
U.S. Route 202 follows I-95 through Wilmington before heading north onto Concord Pike through a business area to the north of the city .	onto
Unfiltered , this group of colors tends to make certain elements of a picture appear " muddy " .	picture
Rabbi Jose bar Judah taught that to begin with , they sent a slayer to a city of refuge , whether the slayer killed intentionally or not .	begin
Since 1989 work on paintings .	paintings
Automatic control valves do not require an external power source , meaning that the fluid pressure is enough to open and close them .	require
This expansion prompted a restructuring and a new set of committees :	expansion
This would evidently mean that the relation cover would partition the input vector space of the test vector	mean
Harlan retired in 1911 , and Taft appointed Mahlon Pitney to replace him .	replace
The second iteration of Can-Am faded away as IMSA and CART racing became more popular in the early 1980s but remained active until 1987 .	racing
Scarlet is a powerful red dragon , who is much larger than her depiction on the cover of " Wizard 's First Rule " .	powerful
Like other arthropods , crustaceans have an exoskeleton , which they moult to grow .	grow
The tournament entry fee was $ 1 , and the number of entrants reached 149,196 .	entry
In most of its range , white spruce occurs more typically in association with trees of other species than in pure stands .	stands
Then after a hard-fought battle throughout 2003 against local competitors Ljungskile SK GAIS finally ended up winning the series by goal difference .	difference
A maximum kicking distance of just under 50 metres made Miller an unlikely option for centre half forward .	option
The total amount of prize money was US $ 2,178,000 .	prize
Luxembourg devastated Halle at the end of May , whilst Boufflers bombarded neutral Liege in early June , but these aggressive acts had no political results .	acts
Some observers still disagree as to which nation should legally " own " Harsen 's Island and the St. Clair delta area .	nation
Although the biological oxidation of reduced sulfur compounds competes with abiotic chemical reactions ( e.g .	chemical
Holmes was known for working alongside psychiatric service users in group facilitation , social action projects , NHS work and research .	users
He then had a somewhat invisibile World Series , only hitting .200 with one RBI .	somewhat
The competition consisted of two rounds , qualification and final .	rounds
The panelists displayed a quick wit in answering the questions , reveling in puns and malapropisms .	questions
A 2012 survey of business owners identified a total of 13,674 companies within the city .	owners
Around 2000 content pages existed as of August 2007 .	existed
This diffuse boundary was probably initiated in the Late Miocene and is probably related to opening of Gulf of Aden and the uplift of the Himalayas .	boundary
The Crucible Theatre is the home ( since 1977 ) of the World Snooker Championships and hosts many well-known stage productions throughout the year .	hosts
65 on the " Billboard " 200 album chart , selling nearly 10,000 copies its first week .	selling
The founder of the journal Alexei Bogaturov was its first editor-in-chief ( 2002 – 2012 ) and currently chairs the editorial board .	journal
Baylor 's 6 ' 8 " center Griner had five blocks to go along with 13 points and six rebounds .	blocks
His influence arose during the reign of Andrew II .	reign
Sophomore guard Perry McDonald was hobbled by a back injury all season and averaged only 3.4 points per game .	guard
The Vektor SP1 and SP2 pistols are almost the same save for the calibre and magazines , and broadly based on the Italian Beretta 92 design .	save
The sole business in the town was a grain elevator , next to the CSX railroad tracks .	railroad
On 30 December 2009 CSA announced that it will sell its head office to the airport for CZK 607 million .	sell
An anthology of his early recordings was issued in 2003 by Sanctuary Records .	recordings
It was praised for its variety of storylines and its expanded cast of characters .	praised
It is the smallest wooden church in Finland .	wooden
The men were convicted and sentenced to ten years ' penal servitude .	sentenced
The SWAT Operations Unit was featured on a reality series for the A & E Network in 2006 entitled " Dallas SWAT " .	reality
TFA added compilation , debugging and runtime support for MC68010 , MC68020 , MC68030 , MC68040 , MC68881 , MC68882 .	compilation
The standard time required to finish a Bachelor 's degree 's course load of 180 ECTS in full-time study is set at six semesters .	full-time
Holmes 1821 , L. Provencher 1862 and J. Macoun 1883 , who collected and / or named various plants found in Canada .	collected
Austropyrgus bunyaensis is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the Hydrobiidae family .	minute
French is the language of culture and business in Haiti , and also the main language of institutions .	institutions
Mycoremediation is one of the cheaper solutions to remediation , and it doesn 't usually require expensive equipment .	require
Christian activists accused Morsi supporters of waging " a war of retaliation against Copts in Egypt . "	accused
Cousins Ronnie and John Actie were acquitted of the murder ; both had spent two years in custody .	murder
The Alaska Commission on Judicial Conduct makes recommendations regarding disqualification , suspension , removal , retirement , and censure of judges .	regarding
The AKFM and other nationalists opposed to the concept of limited self-rule mustered about 25 percent of votes cast .	opposed
The highest percent of state spending per student is in the Chester-Upland School District , where roughly 78 percent comes from state coffers .	roughly
The old ferry is reflected in the name of the adjacent Inn .	adjacent
The larvae feed on " Artemisia tridentata " .	feed
A farming area comprising the village and several hamlets situated some northeast of Guéret , at the junction of the D15 , D83 and the D88 .	northeast
During the pre-Hispanic period , " babaylan " were shamans and spiritual leaders and " mananambal " were medicine men .	medicine
San Epifanio concluded his professional basketball playing career on 25 May 1995 , as F.C .	concluded
Social and official attitudes to toplessness and nudity had eased by the 1960s and the Hays Code came under repeated challenge .	challenge
Full service along the Metro did not reopen until the evening of January 15 following the removal of the wreckage from the tunnel .	evening
The headlight operates at full intensity 50-70 % of the time .	operates
In 1974 – 75 , he posted career highs of 12 goals and 55 points , again the highest-scoring defenceman on his team .	posted
She wrote in response to the " McClure 's " article that the date of her church membership may have been mistaken by her .	membership
Human induced climate change resulting from the greenhouse effect may result in an alteration of the structure and function of savannas .	climate
Operation Sinsay ( 11 February – c . 31 March 1972 ) was a Royal Lao Government offensive of the Laotian Civil War .	offensive
After the fight , promoters shied away from the disgraced fighter , forcing him to find another job and earn living as fruit merchant .	fruit
Bailey dies with his final wish of interment standing upright facing west , hence his grave marker , " Here Stands Bailey Facing West . "	standing
The Victorian mansion house known as Northmoor House is set amongst steep wooded valleys on the southern edge of Exmoor .	edge
Kameron Chatman announced his intention to transfer .	transfer
The eastern race extends eastwards across a broad swathe of Asia to China .	broad
This location is on part of the grounds of a Georgian farm house and has its own lakes , river and landscaped gardens .	grounds
Chester played as a left-handed middle-order batsman and a slow left-arm bowler in 55 first-class matches for Worcestershire as a teenager from 1912 to 1914 .	first-class
The day of the publication , Sundlun turned himself in to the state police for arrest stating that ethics was the cornerstone of his administration .	publication
Cannabis is the most commonly used drug with an annual prevalence of 3.6 per cent or approximately four million people .	drug
The company is involved in minerals mining and processing , i.e .	mining
The 24 / 7 hotline of Taiwan CDC-1922 , is an important channel of communication with the public .	communication
Macy 's initially went after Zabar 's by placing a 14-ounce box of Beluga caviar on sale for US $ 149 .	sale
Oswego Lake is a pond in Clackamas County , Oregon that is completely surrounded by the city of Lake Oswego .	surrounded
Dithering is analogous to the halftone technique used in printing .	technique
For near-Earth asteroids without a well-determined diameter , Sentry assumes a generic albedo of 0.15 .	diameter
The new law gave SEBI the power to search and obtain information , including call records , about any suspected entity from within or outside the firm .	search
Sietsema won election to the House in 1968 , defeating the incumbent Johannes Kolderman .	defeating
Items and themes that CQL can search for include , but are not limited to :	search
Artist Paul Kane painted several portraits of Conger and his wife between 1834 and 1836 .	painted
In " KOF ' 94 " , Ralf and Clark shared the same set of Special Moves , with only their Super Special Move being different .	shared
As of the census of 2000 , there were 5,367 people , 2,109 households , and 1,423 families residing in the town .	residing
Another major ( F4 ) tornado hit on April 3 , 1974 , as part of the 1974 Super Outbreak of tornadoes that struck 13 states .	struck
Chapman and Hall issued second and third editions before the new year , and the book continued to sell well into 1844 .	sell
A video for " Fill Your Head With Rock " , directed by John Hockley of www.hawk-design.com , was made consisting of live footage from 2007 .	consisting
Elmer met his wife Johnnie when he purchased the Lyric Theater in Salisbury , where she was the piano player for the silent films .	piano
Some of the tufa covering the hillside was excavated to accommodate the bathhouses .	covering
Visual acuity is more or less normal .	normal
Homicide is a crime film written and directed by David Mamet , and released in 1991 .	crime
MochiKit forms the foundation of the client-side functionality of the TurboGears Python web-application stack .	foundation
A two-way cycle track was built along the street in 2016 .	cycle
The climate in this area is characterized by hot , humid summers and generally mild to cool winters .	climate
This article concerns the genre of moresche , polyphonic " moorish " songs .	concerns
This carries the advantage of not requiring the participation of a confederate .	advantage
Martviri 's works were famous of being rich with Asceticism and Mysticism .	rich
Caragiale viewed their impact on Romanian society with a critical eye .	impact
Coblentz 's first publication , " Some Optical Properties of Iodine " , was based on his PhD research .	publication
After experiencing defensive struggles at shortstop , he was then moved back to second base , with John McDonald taking over at shortstop .	defensive
Cars were well done , but were often diecast seconds from other companies like Yatming or Tomica .	seconds
After they leave , a very pregnant Cordelia comes downstairs and shocks the gang with the serious trouble they still have to deal with .	serious
In 1903 , Sundback took his engineer exam .	engineer
Mortimer 's Castle is located on the east bank of Lough Derravaragh , southwest of Castlepollard .	southwest
Jackson urged Indians to assimilate and obey state laws .	laws
The Monument of Independence was erected in 1992 , and the complete reconstruction of the area was completed in 2006 .	erected
He was best known for his role as an appellate lawyer in cases with national significance .	lawyer
Coti 's Spanish rock track is turned into a poppier affair with Dulce 's sweet vocals .	vocals
The site of Palazzo Parisio originally contained two town houses , which belonged to Fra Michel Fonterme dit la Chiesa and Francesco This .	contained
As of 2006 , it was the 4th largest school district in Florida and the 11th largest school district in the United States .	11th
Calgary was a territorial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories , Canada .	electoral
This elevated station has two tracks and two side platforms , with space for a center express track that was never added .	platforms
He left amateur athletics after 1972 and for the next two years ran professionally on the International Track Association circuit .	amateur
The company also acquired a minority stake in Ellis Park Race Course in Kentucky in 2012 , and then acquired full ownership of the track in 2018 .	ownership
With the defeat of British and Australian forces , Japan quickly eliminates the last remaining ships of the American fleet and captures Midway , and later Hawaii .	fleet
If you don ’ t want to , well don ’ t . "	want
In recognition of her war time service she was awarded the O.B.E .	recognition
Sheeder has also authored a quarterly Corporate Culture column in the " Journal of Health Care Compliance " .	column
At the end of the same year , he finished in third overall in the junior men 's race at the 2005 European Cross Country Championships .	junior
Most of the native wildlife at the museum were injured and cannot be released back into the wild .	injured
They use the Burgenland Croatian written language and are historically and culturally closely connected to the Austrian Croats .	closely
He had followed the footsteps of his father , from whom he had learned the craft .	learned
The Thai school uniform is compulsory for all students in Thai public and private school systems , including colleges and universities .	universities
For decoding the weather forecast data a license is required .	weather
Her line of " Everything matters " becomes the new public catchphrase , replacing Cliff 's " S.F.W. " .	replacing
The 15th edition of the tournament was held at Ponnampet and was hosted by Machamada Family .	15th
His most trusted ally was capo Chirio , who he gave special tasks to carry out .	carry
making his debut three days later away at AFC Wimbledon as an 85th-minute substitute , replacing Liam Trotter .	replacing
Maybe it did give them social growth , but about happiness it had nothing to say .	nothing
Hampering bombing runs against rebel bases like COSVN was the assistance provided by Soviet ships in the Pacific .	assistance
When the Oesterreichs moved to Los Angeles in 1918 , Dolly had already sent Sanhuber to await their arrival .	arrival
Lawlessness was a problem during the boom period as well , with oil thieves draining tanks overnight , stealing tools , and sabotaging wells of competitors .	tools
" The Wall Street Journal " wrote about The Million Dollar Homepage and its impact on the Internet community .	impact
The Kallayi was known for its timber businesses , but now many of these have been closed down .	businesses
The album didn 't reach commercial success until 2001 with the release of the album second single , " Ice Queen " , which reached No .	didn
Converting a tensor 's components from one such basis to another is through an orthogonal transformation .	components
About a block away is the archdiocesan seminary , St. Vincent Ferrer Seminary , and across the plaza is the archbishop 's palace .	block
It is only known from a small stream at Cape Liptrap , near Waratah Bay .	stream
AME is collaborating with D & D on a low cost automotive camera and power modules .	camera
H.323 is a recommendation from the ITU Telecommunication Standardization Sector ( ITU-T ) that defines the protocols to provide audio-visual communication sessions on any packet network .	communication
Other meditation asanas such as Siddhasana are indicated until sufficient flexibility has been developed to sit comfortably in the Lotus .	indicated
Students explore how they are connecting to their learning , friends , family , technology and the outside world .	learning
On January 16 , 2012 , Ingram was signed to a reserve / future contract .	reserve
This gives it a ranking of 631st in India ( out of a total of 640 ) .	ranking
" Michael basically gave us one directorial instruction , ' No matter what happens , don 't stop playing , ' " Tom Morello recalls .	matter
However , depending on distributional ranges , types of prey can be varied considerably .	depending
Sutton town centre features six major examples of public art , three of them in the High Street .	examples
Chad Reiner is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division .	competing
Over half of the developing world 's population uses cell phones .	developing
The program , which was entirely produced in Australia , was the first long form series produced by Luma .	entirely
He was twice married ; his first marriage , in 1917 , to the poet Helen Dircks , ended in divorce .	poet
There have also been constant allegations of non-fatal police brutality against protestors .	constant
Other varieties of the epok epok are filled with a half boiled egg instead of chicken .	filled
She was laid down in 1913 as " Svetlana " for the Imperial Russian Navy , the lead ship of the .	laid
Several sites in the state of Arizona are considered prime candidates for this method .	candidates
The company ceased operations after its last flight on 14 January 2011 .	ceased
Midway operated its Philadelphia hub until it ceased operation in 1991 .	ceased
The majority of men in the unit had combat experience .	combat
The Shapley value is a solution concept in cooperative game theory .	solution
When her father died , her mother came to stay so the house was even fuller .	stay
He was one of the two winners in both elections , the other being M. C. Muthukumaraswami .	winners
West later praised Kweli , saying that Kweli is one of the artists he owes his success to .	praised
In September 2013 , Tashlikowich acquired Zirnhelt 's shares to become the sole owner of Wholesale Furniture Brokers .	shares
It provides simple access to control panels used to change system settings .	simple
After unleashing two concept teasers , Kim released a video teaser for " Tarantallegra " , where he showed a drastic transformation into a completely new image .	image
People said that simply reading " Science and Health " had healed them ; cures were claimed for everything from cancer to blindness .	reading
After complaints from the Better Business Bureau , Petro initiated an investigation and found that Ganley had not received any cars from Louisiana .	investigation
He tells her he doesn 't believe her .	believe
One of them even killed the player 13 times within a 5-minute limit , which should have automatically kicked Jinx out but did not .	limit
By the war 's end , he was a flying ace .	flying
Cohors prima Delmatarum ( " 1st Cohort of Dalmatae " ) was a Roman auxiliary infantry regiment .	regiment
AmigaDOS has only a single mandated filename extension : " .info " , which must be appended to the filename of each icon .	extension
It tells a story of a truck driver traveling from Tucson to Tucumcari ; Tehachapi to Tonopah and became a trucker anthem .	driver
Following the 2017 election , Nesbitt announced his intention to step down as party leader , which he did on 8 April 2017 .	step
The rebels appeared to be unpredictable and are reported to have threatened to annihilate all civilians .	threatened
In 2010 , U.S. Representative Michael Castle recognized the impact of Tobin 's work on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives .	impact
The video started with Hande Yener 's name appearing as a flash of lightning in the dark air .	appearing
The big cross signifies the concept of " Becoming like Christ " , which is a way of life striven for by Franciscans .	cross
During the time of the Wairau Affray , he managed to maintain order in Wellington together with Arthur Edward McDonogh .	maintain
In the first few silent tracks this abrasion hones the steel needle to a profile that tracks the grooves properly .	steel
Still , the first cases showed the courts remaining conservative .	courts
Saint Lucia is competing at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in Moscow , Russia , from 10 – 18 August 2013 .	competing
The following week , the song climbed into the top twenty of the chart at number 18 .	twenty
In 1903 he was involved in a miner 's strike in Victoria Australia .	strike
In 2014 , the Duke of York founded the Pitch @ Palace initiative to support entrepreneurs with the amplification and acceleration of their business ideas .	ideas
In certain faculties , such as law , it is therefore possible to graduate with " honours " with a GPA of less than 2.5 .	graduate
In 2004 , Oskolkov-Tsentsiper launched Afisha Picnic , an annual open-air festival which has grown into Russia ’ s largest music festival .	grown
The clip begins with Lopez entering a dance studio wearing a puffy jacket and scarf .	entering
In 2004 , his book " A quand l 'Afrique " was awarded the RFI prize " Témoin du monde " .	prize
Only specialized laboratories can adequately diagnose " Babesia " infection in humans , so " Babesia " infections are considered highly under-reported .	humans
In 2006 , the " National Journal " rated Ryun as the nation 's most conservative member of Congress .	nation
" Ugly " is a song by British girl group Sugababes from their fourth studio album , " Taller in More Ways " ( 2005 ) .	girl
The Society declined but replied that it would comply with such a subpoena .	declined
There were originally eight , but one is missing .	missing
Kurds are the largest ethnic minority in Syria and make up nine percent of the country 's population .	ethnic
He studied history and law at the Sorbonne and also followed courses in politics at the Sciences Po .	courses
Baly trained in the London County Council Fever Hospital followed by professional nursing training at the Middlesex Hospital .	trained
So , he goes looking for the Prospector , hoping that he still knows the location of the cabin .	looking
Rychlak enlisted in the Army-Air Force after graduating from high school and served his enlistment at Barksdale Field in Shreveport , Louisiana .	graduating
In 1935 he assumed the rabbinical position as the rabbi of the Breed Street Shul , also known by the name Talmud Torah Los Angeles .	assumed
This model was discontinued in 2007 due to rising production costs .	costs
He is the second oldest brother after Hego ; he may also be older than Shego , or possibly even be her twin .	possibly
The entire glittering glazed interior is the result of new tiles and brickwork done by the " Kashigars " , or tile makers , of Multan .	interior
Le Congxun , however , had amassed 30,000 troops by this point and tried to contest this succession by marching on Wei Prefecture .	contest
It is a cross of the two English cultivars Cox 's Orange Pippin and Cox 's Pomona .	cross
This causes its orbit to be perturbed frequently on an astronomical timescale .	causes
Details of the next 200 years are not clear : it became the King 's Arms in the occupation of John Price .	occupation
He was a close contact of Ferdinand Schjelderup in Kretsen .	contact
Livona is an unincorporated community in Hazelton Township , Emmons County , North Dakota , United States .	unincorporated
Are we meant to laugh at the gaminess ?	meant
The Pearsons have run the cycle business from the same High Street location ever since .	cycle
The first classes were focused on Traditional Bulgarian Folklore and folklore from the other Bulgarian regions .	focused
It is peculiar in that it may be used if someone else 's body parts are the direct object ( the " dative of possession " ) .	object
Consequently , the region underwent rapid urbanisation as famines depopulated the countryside and industry shifted from agriculture to manufactures .	agriculture
Telstra announced to use the frequency 2016 for commercial service .	frequency
, and runs in terror at high speed from all males , not heeding any obstacles unfortunate to be in her path ( such as buildings ) .	path
Cao Zhen turned furious and he shouted at Wu Zhi , " Are you and your men seeking a fight with me and my men ? "	your
He rushed for a career-high 264 yards against East Carolina University , at the time the fourth best single-game mark in school history .	mark
Barbaro , Smarty Jones and Ruffian : The People ’ s Horses ( ) is a 2008 book written by Linda Hanna about thoroughbred racing .	racing
As far as operational costs , revenues expected for 2006 were $ 17.15 million , while expenses budgeted for 2006 were $ 41.29 million .	costs
Later in his career , he made several actions films , mostly with Mithun Chakraborty .	actions
The IGBT combines an isolated-gate FET for the control input and a bipolar power transistor as a switch in a single device .	device
In 1999 each of DEG , the EBRD and International Finance Corporation ( “ IFC ” ) , became shareholders with 10 % holding .	holding
To finish the teasing , the singer posted the single 's cover art , saying , " You ready to hear it in full ? ?	posted
Historians have begun to explore some of the ramifications of British free-trade policy , especially the effect of American and German high tariff policies .	policies
In addition to acting , he has also worked as a script writer on episodes of " The Restless Years " and " Neighbours " and .	script
It was originally built as a house in 1884 , in part of the grounds of the now-demolished Kensington House .	grounds
Some of Watts ' other late works also seem to anticipate the paintings of Picasso 's Blue Period .	paintings
In 264 , he visited the peasant people to encourage them during a severe famine .	severe
Looking then on signs indicating the distance from the stops in the tunnel , you notice that the distance between Moscova and Lanza stations is 550 meters .	meters
if the material undergoes a continuous , second order phase transition .	phase
While serving on the TechHealth board , Reeve participated in board meetings and advised the company on strategic direction .	meetings
For six years Odone was a weekly columnist for " The Observer " .	weekly
Two weeks later the filly started 7 / 2 joint favourite over five and a half furlongs at Brighton Racecourse .	joint
When he was seventeen , he began working as a clerk in a dry goods store in nearby Wattsville .	goods
Dolly 's husband Fred remained unaware of the new " boarder " , though on several occasions he came close to discovering the deception .	occasions
Several exquisitely preserved fossils have been found from the Monte Bolca lagerstatten .	preserved
In retaliation , he demolishes the Las Vegas DHS headquarters with a barrel of C-4 explosive agents had seized earlier in a warrant-less search .	search
Principal Chief Mankiller signed and approved the legislation .	legislation
Baji quan shares roots with another Hebei martial art , Piguazhang .	shares
Before the independence of Slovenia in 1991 , Maribor competed in the Yugoslav football league system .	independence
Sean earned a $ 1,500 cash prize and a one-year acting class at the Michael John Studio in Van Nuys , California .	prize
Both games count toward official statistics , but are not considered series .	toward
The inflorescence is an array of coils of flowers .	flowers
It has the appearance of a yellow powder with a melting point of .	yellow
After studying law in the office of Mr. Chitty in London , Owens returned to Savannah , gained admittance to the state bar and practiced law .	studying
There is another context that relates the story of creation of Adam and Eve in the Garden .	creation
Changes were not uniform across the country , even while increasingly stringent Environmental Protection Agency rules went into force from 1970s onward .	increasingly
The album was re-released in 2000 , and followed by a compilation entitled " 25 Demos " ( 2001 ) .	compilation
The local community was quickly reassured that foul play had been ruled out as a cause of death .	ruled
Gafoor was prosecuted for the murder in July 2003 .	murder
Generally speaking , the most effective and efficient propagation of 10-meter radio waves takes place during local daylight hours .	effective
Malasaña is a vibrant neighborhood and a center for the ' hipster ' phenomenon , full of lively bars and clubs overflowing with young people .	neighborhood
Also on 17 May , due to the continuing hostilities , the United Nations Security Council adopted Resolution 1298 imposing an arms embargo on both countries .	arms
The lack of services such as routine garbage collection allows rubbish to accumulate in huge quantities .	huge
The Obers are part of their suits which gives eleven trumps .	eleven
It is a consequence of the Philip Hall and Ernst Witt 's eponymous identity .	identity
Usually , there are no water restrictions for domestic consumption .	domestic
This transference of weight contributes to energy conservation during locomotion .	weight
He became a sought-after DJ in the mid-1990s organizing popular hip hop / soul and r & b clubs in Stockholm and rapidly scoring gigs around Europe .	rapidly
All together , the rivers on the Pacific slope convey the other 13 % of surface water runoff in Honduras .	rivers
The second is to degrade the chance of possible return and reconstitution by having inflicted humiliation and shame on the targeted population .	chance
These forests are subject to infrequent , high-intensity fires .	forests
Lucien Jerphagnon is the son of Émile Jerphagnon , a regional engineer of French Ministry of National Education and Madame Jerphagnon , born Jeanne Lallemand .	engineer
On October 27 , 1981 , Sisitsky made a motion to remove Bulger as Senate President .	motion
To disguise the intense electric light , lampshades were used .	electric
It is approximately southeast of Bend , Oregon .	southeast
Lady Fu was also looking for a second marriage .	looking
In 1998 , they beat Metz in the play-off round to clinch their place in the competition for the following season .	beat
His impact on the archival profession is also realized in his career as a successful educator .	impact
She portrayed Eloisa on the teen drama 1 / 2 Falta .	portrayed
Broadcast packets make use of a broadcast MAC address ( FF : FF : FF : FF : FF : FF ) .	address
It was at the time the longest murder trial in British legal history , lasting 197 days .	murder
The species name refers to the state of Chiapas .	refers
It has a hotel , mountaineering camp , villas , etc .	hotel
Permanent exhibits trace history of fire fighting from bucket brigades to present practices .	practices
Trick plays depart from these expectations , attempting to have the defense move into position to defend the wrong play .	defense
Thrasher received his bachelor 's degree in mechanical engineering at the University of Alberta in 1994 .	engineering
While in Germany , Sutcliffe began experiencing severe headaches and acute sensitivity to light , and Kirchherr stated that some of the headaches left him temporarily blind .	severe
The men were in constant danger .	constant
Douthwaite focused on local politics during and after World War I , chairing the UDC and the Macclesfield Divisional Labour Party .	focused
Daly 's brother , Michael J. Daly , was a Medal of Honor recipient for actions during World War II .	actions
The closure of the Middleton tramways was a complicated and protracted affair which took place in stages over three years .	stages
Catherine and William A. Fuld ran the company until the youngest brother , Hubert , became president of William Fuld Inc. in 1942 .	youngest
Artificial neural networks modified in this manner are often labeled as probabilistic versions of their neural network sub-type ( e.g. , pSNN ) .	modified
His extended family owns Jang Group , the largest group of newspapers in Pakistan .	newspapers
Formation of the unit was not easy , because there were very few officers available , infrastructure was severely lacking and there was almost no necessary equipment .	necessary
Her midshipmen were charged with the delivery of a treasury of some CS $ 500,000 to the new government seat of Danville , Virginia .	charged
The main rivers of this woreda are Gereb Ayni , Hara , Nai Muq , Awdey , and Mai Chumachil .	rivers
In another room , West is seen getting out of bed .	getting
Sanabria made his Serie A debut on 23 March , replacing Davide Biondini in a 0 – 1 loss at Udinese .	replacing
The code of MayaVi has nothing in common with that of Autodesk Maya or Vi .	nothing
By early 1900s local criminal gangs ran gambling and other illegal enterprises .	criminal
as the standard " unknown " volume name , while the PC0 : icon will appear revealing the name of the PC formatted disk .	volume
In addition to photography , Llewelyn compiled a herbarium and wrote a report that was read at the Linnean Society in 1857 .	read
These exercises include but are not limited to the ability to pass laws , regulate power and energy , create treaties , and have tribal court hearings .	laws
He found that the government 's actions and representations in obtaining the bankruptcy had the effect of misleading the court as to the status of the organization .	actions
All teams from the Premier League 's two divisions take part in the cup .	divisions
Surface activated bonding ( SAB ) is a low temperature wafer bonding technology with atomically clean and activated surfaces .	temperature
At the end of the film , after Superman 's death , Martha gives Lois an engagement ring which Clark originally planned to give her .	ring
Eventually , she aspired to compete at the national level in hopes of her ultimate dream of becoming a world-class Olympic gymnast .	compete
He is well known for his hand-crafted " toys " , most prominently small statues in terracotta representing Sardinians in traditional costumes .	representing
Jeannette Catsoulis of " The New York Times " called it a " spare but potent melodrama " that focuses on male violence .	violence
The intention is to digitalize an estimated total of over 20 million pages from Pomeranian library collections .	collections
The most populous town of the island is Coxen Hole , capital of Roatán municipality , located in the southwest .	southwest
" Individualized Justice " links offenders to the services they need and provides services for victims to aid in their recovery .	victims
The inflorescence is made up of one or more flower heads which may be tucked amongst the uppermost leaves .	heads
The book was praised from " Fortean Times " to " Booklist " and from the " Washington City Paper " to " Counterpoise " .	praised
Clevett gave his highest match rating of 8 out of 10 in his review to the X Division and World Tag Team Championship matches .	rating
Kiartan , a young man at Frodis-water , ran into the house with a sledge hammer and struck the seal back down into the floorboards .	struck
Long-day plants flower when the night length falls below their critical photoperiod .	falls
Nepal 's bowlers then performed well , dismissing the United Arab Emirates for 164 , with Arshad Ali carrying his bat for 81 .	carrying
An additional impetus for their growing resistance to the regime is the fate of an old Jewish woman living in their building .	resistance
It made clear that the specific practices adopted were undertaken within recognised protocols .	practices
Shortly after , he became ordained as the minister of the Purchase Street Church in Boston , Massachusetts , where he began to question traditional Unitarian beliefs .	question
The song was a collaboration between Ramström , Swingfly , Teron Beal and Patrik Magnusson .	collaboration
However , it is also quite common to use a real-time operating system , such as VxWorks .	quite
The song was well-received on the radio and peaked at # 11 on the " Billboard " Hot 100 .	peaked
Sury-en-Vaux is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
He was the founding chairman of Empresaria Group , which was established in 1996 .	founding
In 2013 , Wayne again posted 100 yards against Jacksonville in Week 4 .	posted
Both the belt and casemate armor were backed by of wood .	wood
Several hundred were used by the armies of both sides in 1861 .	hundred
This was the first in a number of moves to react to the increasing online business .	increasing
Target agreements are agreed between two parties , however , targets are determined unilaterally by the employer as part of its management rights .	determined
At the same time , extensive repairs to the Park Avenue Tunnel Train Shed began .	extensive
There are various ways in which calculators interpret keystrokes .	ways
Schools of Islamic law were divided on whether the fifth extended to treasure troves and mining .	mining
Semaphore signals composed of pivoted arms were replaced with tricolor signals resembling traffic lights .	arms
Simply twisting DNA can expose internal bases to the outside , without the aid of any proteins .	internal
Panned by critics , the film failed to perform well at the box office .	perform
Evaluators utilized questionnaires , interviews , and laboratory tasks of parent-child communication and problem solving .	communication
It was a favorite of Fat ′ h-Ali Shah Qajar , who is often shown holding it in his miniature portraits .	holding
Posi music can be spiritual , but it is not specifically religious in nature .	specifically
This can show how important of having a core product is to a firm , in order to meet customer expectation .	core
Lilah and Gavin talk with Linwood , whom Lilah has called to notify about Darla 's development .	talk
The 13th Pan American Games were held in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada from July 23 to August 8 , 1999 .	13th
Which led to accusations that Bangladesh was trying to hide the Birongonas .	trying
To involve 10,000 - 20,000 adults throughout Palm Beach County in reading the same book at the same time .	reading
1 on the Hot Country Songs chart in 2005 , as well as reaching the Top 40 of the " Billboard " Hot 100 .	reaching
Failing to find any interested parties , the company went up for auction on July 20 , 2016 .	interested
Its meetings are held in the palace of the Cancelleria Apostolica .	meetings
DHL previously operated a 727-200 on a Wilmington , Ohio-Allentown , Pennsylvania-Manchester-Wilmington routing , but that service has since ceased .	ceased
The corridor is fully equipped with free high-speed Wi-Fi internet service for commuters , provided by " Free As Air " .	equipped
Middle School students in grades 5-8 continue to receive daily PE , a full academic day , and direct instruction in executive functioning skills .	skills
In 1786 , he donated land near his estate to be used as a cemetery .	donated
Research into preterm births indicates that " a fetus born before 24 weeks of gestation has a limited chance of survival .	chance
Because of disputes over ownership of the land , construction did not proceed until 1868 .	ownership
Lierse starting with a reserve team twice unexpectedly .	reserve
On October 23 , 2008 , the FM station signed on for testing .	testing
" The jay bird hung on the swinging limb , "	bird
His eldest son continued his business at Renishaw and two other sons became iron merchants .	iron
If its components " a " do not transform according to the rules , a is not a vector .	components
This view has been rejected by the International Court of Justice and the International Committee of the Red Cross .	rejected
He played an important diplomatic role in sustaining relations between the notoriously difficult Montgomery and his peers and superiors .	relations
Owing to poor health she went to stay with her aunt Christine Gley , a singer and mother of the Vienna actress ( 1809 – 1866 ) .	stay
He has also edited a textbook in metaphysics with John Hawthorne and Dean Zimmerman .	edited
Selig contributed to Maureen Orth 's book " Vulgar Favors " about the death of Gianni Versace .	contributed
Most of these were much smaller than their royal counterparts .	royal
" k " -regular sequences exhibit a number of interesting properties .	properties
The Hanford ferry was initially planned to use a cable-operated system , but costs forced it to be downgraded to a tug-and-barge ferry .	costs
The Jolly Trolley is a private shuttle service that provides frequent transport in Dewey Beach and to neighboring Rehoboth Beach .	transport
Brooks ' mother had taught at the Topeka school that later became involved in the famous " Brown v. Board of Education " racial desegregation case .	racial
The two-day private brainstorming meeting ended with a press conference for 300 journalists .	press
Cordelia 's proclamation writing is interrupted by Silas who brings forth a large platter and orders Groosalugg out of the room .	orders
Vodafone revealed that there were secret wires that allowed government agencies direct access to their networks .	secret
In the 1730s , evangelicalism emerged as a distinct phenomenon out of religious revivals that began in Britain and New England .	distinct
The first bogie tenders in South Africa were also three-axle vehicles , on the CGR Eastern System 's 3rd Class 4-4-0 and 4th Class 4-6-0TT of 1884 .	vehicles
On the other hand , all these MGEs encode a large number of solitary R-M genes , notably MTases .	notably
Frédéric Comte died at the scene whilst Angelique was badly injured .	injured
LaRouche said the charges were " totally frivolous " and the result of corruption in the Attorney General 's office .	charges
This range includes the following mountains and peaks :	mountains
Sonoton enters the commercial record market , producing Easy Listening Music for Japan , which is released on Polydor Records and King Records , Tokyo .	producing
Jacksonville Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
In the town centre there is a Hmong Craft Centre offering Hmong handicrafts .	offering
As in many settlements , local industry has declined , and more people commute elsewhere to work .	declined
The steel framework was the only remains of the clock tower .	steel
Platinnetz has , since its beginning , been perceived as a classic dating-website for elder people .	classic
The novel chronicles numerous characters in non-linear storylines and explores themes of love , fate , violence , power , and choices .	violence
The opening ceremony was held on 11 December 2013 at the Wunna Theikdi Stadium .	ceremony
On 30 June 1990 Delves was promoted colonel , and soon afterwards on 31 December 1990 promoted brigadier .	afterwards
By continuous measurement of the conductivity of this solution , oxidation curves can be generated .	solution
It was named by Francisco Hernández de Córdoba and Antón de Alaminos during their expedition in 1517 .	expedition
He compared Buchanan 's dancing to that of American girl group Destiny 's Child in the video for their single " Bootylicious " .	girl
Marc Appelbaum ended up getting $ 100,000 plus the rest of his salary he would have earned up to March 11 .	getting
At the PRWeek awards Microsoft won the " Technology Campaign of the Year " along with Edelman for " Halo 3 " s launch .	launch
In 1981 , he concluded the study of history and political science at Lund University , in Lund .	concluded
Jeunesse Esch has qualified for UEFA European competition thirty two times .	qualified
The Mount Vernon West station is a commuter rail stop on the Metro-North Railroad 's Harlem Line , located in Mount Vernon , New York .	rail
The tree crest is a crest created by an Irish American and is not recognized as the official arms in Ireland .	arms
The complex has a population of 114,813 and is at the disposal of all means of public transport .	transport
" Dunkerque " was an innovative design , notable for concentrating the main armament of eight 330mm / 50 Modèle 1931 guns forward .	guns
This R307 starts north of Koeberg from the R27 and , after meeting the R304 , continues north to Darling .	starts
In 1989 , the first Sarsen Trail & Neolithic Marathon was held , raising £ 21,500 which was used to buy Morgan 's Hill nature reserve .	reserve
One of the options they accepted was the rear of No .	rear
Adilshah threatened all the Deshmukhs of the Maval region to support Afzal or else perish .	threatened
On March 28 , 2016 , the bill was referred to the Subcommittee on Federal Lands .	bill
When a jacket is required there is a wide choice available for both linedancers and historical re-enactors .	choice
We see her as he sees her , through interface use .	sees
Mobile application — the Loopt software provides real-time location updating ( with the exception of the iPhone until OS4.0 ships - see below ) .	application
She is noted for playing the bass guitar .	bass
At age 17 years , 137 days in 1964 , he remains the youngest American male track athlete to ever qualify for the Olympics .	youngest
University and college faculties themselves are also going through the process of making their teacher more global through ICI .	global
Since Tuesday , the RUC recorded 76 people arrested , 900 plastic bullets fired and 265 attacks on the security forces .	fired
It was " designed to match the efficiency of the REST architectural style " .	architectural
He retained his seat in the 2014 local elections , topping the poll in the Celbridge-Leixlip area with 1814 first preference votes .	retained
Credit the young actors for this .	actors
However , Bremersdorp subsequently remained the commercial , agricultural and transportation heart of Swaziland , earning the town the nickname " The Hub . "	agricultural
These diverse gallery spaces were intentionally designed to provide no clear path through the museum .	path
Its natural habitat is in caves .	habitat
At this point , life may have sought refuge in subterranean environments such as lava tubes .	sought
The Jolly Trolley is a private shuttle service that provides frequent transport in Rehoboth Beach and to neighboring Dewey Beach .	transport
He soon moved to Calicut , his traditional area of influence and authority , for better co-ordination .	authority
is initially forced to harass Ikki by Buccha 's team , though she supports Kogarasumaru later .	supports
The two " pulled different thoughts and feelings " from the film 's scenes .	scenes
In the 1919 Copa del Rey final , Sesúmaga scored a hat-trick for Arenas Club de Getxo as they beat FC Barcelona 5 – 2 .	beat
When those facilities became too crowded , the seminary donated some of the farmland and built a building for the orphanage .	donated
Werner Großmann ( born 9 March 1929 ) is a former East German deputy leader of the Ministry for State Security ( Stasi ) .	deputy
They experienced a great deal of discrimination because they were minorities .	experienced
In 1875 , he set up a dry goods firm with a partner .	goods
However , they sit flush with the line of the building and do not project forward as the main entrance portico does .	entrance
In a joint operation with the CIA , " Encounter " magazine was established .	joint
Langor ( Marshallese : , ) is one of the most populous islands in the Arno Atoll .	islands
Its successor , the current Louisville Zoo , did not open until 1969 .	successor
Prager is one of the few physicians in the US to perform Dorsal Root Ganglion Stimulation for CRPS .	perform
His best-known pieces include " The Dance of the Chairs " ( 1931 ) and " Portrait of Marinetti " ( 1927 ) .	pieces
the cost of an LTO-5 drive taking tapes of up to 1.5 TB true ( uncompressed ) capacity was about US $ 1800 .	drive
The " Clemson " class was a repeat of the preceding although more fuel capacity was added .	fuel
The widespread genus , circumscribed by American mycologist William Alphonso Murrill in 1905 , contains two species .	widespread
This was on the same site where Digicel also built a new school to replace the devastated Miracle Restoration Centre in Tabare .	replace
Mohamad Ali Keshavarz ( , born April 15 , 1930 ) is an Iranian cinema and theater actor .	theater
At the end of September it was on the Hungarian border northeast of Arad .	northeast
In another word , there is no method , which is cheap and large-scale production of self-folding polymer films that substantially limits their application .	application
The interior features high quality finishes in the Greek Revival style .	interior
During the night , when the noise floor is lower , a typical handgun muzzle blast may propagate as much as 2 miles .	typical
For Cadet Williams , after completion of his initial training , he was placed in charge of 30 CMP trucks moved cross-country in convoy .	completion
Soon Frank and Slim both realize that the factory where they work as well as the local newspaper is in the legion 's control .	factory
Theoretically , pure Pu-239 could be used in a gun-type nuclear weapon , but achieving this level of purity is prohibitively difficult .	nuclear
The walls that make up the Christian Brothers area are the Prophet Wall , The Beard , Testament Slab and the Combination Blocks .	walls
Howells ' orchestral piece " Procession " ( written for the 1922 Proms ) is dedicated to Benjamin .	piece
Blais is a graduate of Holyoke Community College and University of San Francisco .	graduate
Finnish Defence Forces also donated various equipment , including 105 mm H61-37 howitzers , which arrived between December 1997 to February 1998 .	donated
Mario Moretti then shot him eleven times in the chest .	eleven
She first became known after appearing as a contestant on " Britain 's Got Talent " , placing in the semi-finals .	appearing
He returned with police to the scene and two more bodies were quickly discovered and identified as Deborah Everist and James Gibson .	bodies
That was the first time an Irish club defeated British opposition away from home in European competition .	opposition
Having a louder sound is often considered an advantage in commercial competition .	advantage
It was first mentioned in the 10th century .	10th
He went on to attend the Juilliard School in New York from 1972 to 1976 where he studied with Oren Brown .	attend
The XJR-9 was able to take six victories , including the 24 Hours of Le Mans , over the eleven race series .	eleven
" Salvia merjamie " prefers a half to full day of sun , well draining soil , and regular moderate watering .	soil
HMS Sheffield was part of the task force sent to the Falkland Islands during the Falklands War .	task
However , medications may have side-effects or withdrawal symptoms that can be severe .	severe
Dressing each other in flowing white gowns , the women slowly climb into a waist-deep pool of odoriferous liquid and stand in a circle , waiting .	stand
To the south , Gachang is equally isolated by a line of low mountains that lie between it and Cheongdo county in Gyeongsangnam-do .	mountains
In March 2017 , Graziano was indicted on separate racketeering charges in New York Arizona and Florida .	charges
" The Blue Cockade " features the Urban Soul Orchestra , who had accompanied Show of Hands on tour the previous year .	accompanied
For instance , all the mice living on an island would be a single population of mice : some with white fur , some gray .	instance
The official audio for the single was released onto Dion 's Vevo channel on 3 December 2013 .	onto
Galles Racing added a second entry for Marco Greco from Long Beach until the end of the season to team with Adrian Fernandez .	entry
Eubel ( " Hierarchia catholica medii ævi " , I , 194 ) mentions four Latin bishops of the 14th century .	14th
At the top of the columns are words which represent the qualities of the men who fought for Texas : Patriotism , Honor , Devotion , Courage .	represent
One of the four surviving Thor Model 13U is at the National Motorcycle Museum in Iowa , USA .	surviving
The establishment of the Jordan – U.S .	establishment
in a corrie by the Skrajna pyramidal peak .	peak
A total of 25 people were killed as a result of the governments violent reaction to the uprising .	reaction
More specifically , this field is about making robots that are inspired by biological systems .	specifically
The duo reach the bridge when a car comes and hits Abhinay , and the car was being driven by Pinky Perizaad Zorabian .	hits
Pennsylvania became the first state to outlaw the sport .	sport
Exhaust throttles were produced for most Bee and all Medallion engines but not Tee Dee .	engines
The song was featured on the soundtrack to " Batman & Robin " , released on June 10 , 1997 .	soundtrack
They note that per Chinese law , all exported wheat gluten is tested and that they were simply a middle man for local producers .	note
The National Youth Brass Band of Great Britain is " Youth Brass 2000 " and has won this award for 4 consecutive years .	consecutive
Falsified plan realization feedback further resulted in Gosplan preparing plans even more detached from reality :	reality
She is one of the most important American color block print artists of the early 20th century .	block
It is the sister programme of the Liverpool Waters project .	programme
Psychiatrist Howard Zonana believes people should not be declared sexual predators , considering such labels a misuse of psychiatry .	sexual
He won the Van Leriusprijs and the Prix de Roma ( 1932 ) , and took part in the art competitions at the 1936 Summer Olympics .	competitions
When Ku Klux Klan powerbroker D. C. Stephenson was ousted from his position as Grand Dragon after committing murder , Bossert replaced him .	murder
Ferries run during the day every day of the week , but rarely at night : it is important to consult an up-to-date ferry timetable in advance .	advance
A shell-hole in the cathedral gates is preserved as a reminder of Wladyslaw IV 's abortive siege in 1618 .	preserved
The Hato Formation is a geologic formation dating to the Late Pleistocene in Curaçao .	dating
The entire city of Lahore during the medieval Ghaznavid era was probably located west of the modern Shah Alami , and north of the Bhatti Gate .	medieval
All medicine , antibiotics , and vaccine imports must be authorized by the Ministry of Health .	medicine
The castle is part of the Austrian and the Hungarian Castle Alliance .	castle
The station generates energy by five and two units , which is fuelled by coal .	coal
I think I let [ expectations ] get to me " respectively .	think
The farm had success with the alfalfa crop , attracting the attention of local university researchers , and causing the farm to turn a profit .	causing
The virions for viruses in this genus have a spherical shape .	shape
An IP multicast group address is used by sources and the receivers to send and receive multicast messages .	address
An index value of zero is used to represent the end of a string , so the first index of the dictionary is one .	represent
On the standby database a Fetch Archive Log ( FAL ) client monitors for gaps in the sequence of received logs .	sequence
His killer had been suffering from paranoid schizophrenia and had lived in a flat overlooking the churchyard .	flat
Kruszewski is a forensic specialist and has worked with both plaintiff and defense litigation .	defense
Memling clearly shows that the donors are set apart from the depiction of the religious vision on the interior panels .	interior
Robinson made only one three-point shot in each the subsequent two games against Penn State and ( # 22 / 21 ) Indiana .	subsequent
He is most notable as a constant attendant at the court of Peter III and Alfonso III of Aragon .	constant
Most of the allotments were eventually taken up for suburban housing but a few of the original 1880s blocks remain vacant to the present day .	blocks
From 1992 to 2010 , Sam won all elections for his assembly seat with voting percentages between 51 % to 79 % in his favor .	assembly
Turnout increased over the previous gubernatorial election because there was also a presidential election on the ballot .	presidential
Other features include rear-mounted six-speed manual or optional six-speed ‘ Touchtronic 2 ’ automatic gearbox , Bang & Olufsen BeoSound DBS in-car entertainment system with 13 speakers .	entertainment
After the Depression , he began investing in community banks .	banks
After vacating the larger Lackawanna Avenue facility , Nexstar opened a smaller news bureau and sales office next door .	door
Nappy Roots is an American alternative Southern rap quartet from Louisville , Kentucky .	alternative
Lexical Functions play an important part in the lexicon , which of necessity must include information about the collocational and derivational properties of LUs .	properties
From 1320 to 1698 it was ruled by the Raees Dynasty .	ruled
Matthews has published research in refereed journals on a wide variety of subjects ranging from Bayesian inference and probability to astronomy , cryptology and neural computing .	subjects
50 km ( seasonally navigable by small craft on the Mono River depending on rainfall .	depending
On 25 October 2014 , Träsch played 89 minutes in a reserve team match where he scored a 10th-minute goal .	reserve
Mario Montuori ( born 1 May 1920 ) is an Italian film cinematographer and painter .	painter
where formula _ 10 is the deformation gradient tensor , and where the second expression uses the Einstein summation convention for index notation of tensors .	expression
In a heavily Democratic district based in East Orange , Clark lost to LeRoy Jones .	heavily
The Turkish military perceived itself as the guardian of Kemalist ideology , the official state ideology , especially of the secular aspects of Kemalism .	aspects
Not long after this , the publication of " Transformers : The Ultimate Guide " by Dorling Kindersley cemented this notion .	publication
The channel is intended for audience in Herzegovina region although it broadcast from headquarters located in the Brčko , Bosnia and Herzegovina .	audience
Individual hairs are bicolored , with the base of the hair pale and yellowish while the tip is darker .	hair
All of these vehicles can be found with one or both types of the " hub-cap " style wheel , inside a black plastic tire .	vehicles
Each location has a Stamina cost to challenge it .	challenge
Teachers ' guidelines on racial instruction presented both the handicapped and Jews as dangers .	racial
Other towns nearby are Memmingen or the health resorts of Bad Grönenbach , Ottobeuren or Bad Wörishofen .	towns
SCS released a bus driving simulator , " Bus Driver " , in 2007 .	driving
Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of " D " on an A + to F scale .	scale
He is considered a " mustang " ( an enlisted man who receives a commission as an officer ) .	commission
Though as yet undocumented there is evidence from stone-age and bronze-age tools found locally of a settlement here from at least since the stone-age .	tools
Xeranoplium flavofemoratum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
Area 51 is a science fiction first-person shooter video game that was released in 2005 .	fiction
They disbanded in 1989 , with Knight having a successful career as a jazz singer .	jazz
2010 ) , the court stated that it was reluctant " to fashion a special jurisdictional test for Internet-based cases . "	fashion
His personal papers are held by the Special Collections Research Center at the College of William & Mary .	papers
Mugham is a compound composition of many parts .	composition
Fox-Matamua started the following week against Glasgow Warriors , again playing the full match and scoring a try as part of a drive by the team .	drive
Defender Charlie Hurley was voted as Sunderland 's " Player of the Century " in the club 's centenary season in 1979 .	voted
Today however , " Cladornis " is more generally held to be a terrestrial bird rather than a seabird .	bird
He reestablished branches of the Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan , Syria , Lebanon and Saudi Arabia between 1956 and 1958 .	branches
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 1,015 people , 413 households , and 245 families residing in the city .	residing
In 2008 , Low led the organisation 's centenary celebrations at the Dataran Merdeka in Kuala Lumpur .	organisation
Worm Darre-Jenssen took education in machinery and construction in 1889 and 1890 , at the technical school in Trondhjem .	technical
I think the answer should be : no ! "	think
All songs written by The Aquabats , except where noted otherwise .	otherwise
He was paid seven guineas , and thought he " wouldn 't mind being a writer " .	mind
However , these constitutional measures did not work .	measures
The winner of this war will gain access to the Sa-Matra , a Precursor starship with unparalleled power .	gain
Sultan Barquq 's reign was also marked by trade with other contemporaneous polities .	reign
After three centuries , the city finally obtained its university when the government of Lower Saxony established the University of Osnabrück in 1974 .	centuries
His niece was Leonore " Lee " Cohn Annenberg , the wife of billionaire publishing magnate Walter Annenberg of Philadelphia .	publishing
This will allow them to determine the level structure in Sg and Rf and attempt to give spin and parity assignments to the various proposed isomers .	determine
In April 1985 , Wilkinson formed a campaign committee in advance of the 1987 gubernatorial election .	advance
However , he lost the Democratic nomination to Riley in 1950 , who went on to regain the Congressional seat .	nomination
Several of its writers win Gold Circles from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association every year .	writers
Large industrial buildings remain from the busy period following the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries 1973 oil embargo and 1979 summertime fuel shortage .	fuel
The referendum did not gain the quorum of 453,730 votes .	gain
The Hanover Junction , Hanover and Gettysburg Railroad was a railroad line in Pennsylvania in the 19th century .	railroad
The promoters used this controversy to their advantage and enlisted the State media to publicise the event .	advantage
The Tai Le script was added to the Unicode Standard in April 2003 with the release of version 4.0 .	script
In Job 1 , working hard is obvious because there is a clear reward for doing so .	doing
1994 IndyCar Rookie of the Year Jacques Villeneuve won the season opener at Miami , a foreshadowing of things to come for the French Canadian .	things
His charwoman , laundress and the local undertaker steal his possessions to sell to a fence .	sell
Although he is only 9 years old at the beginning of the story , he has already mastered the great skills in disguise and thievery .	skills
A statue of Ponce de León was erected at " Juan Ponce de León Landing " in Melbourne Beach to commemorate his discovery .	erected
He was Professor of business investment and management at Birmingham University from 1991 to 2002 .	investment
Meanwhile , Kate 's mother and Scott both discover the plan and lament the change in Kate 's behavior .	behavior
They have organised many popular event properties .	properties
Branislav Nušić ( 1864 – 1938 ) was a secretary at the consulate during his office .	secretary
In 1540 , he and Olaus Petri were sentenced to death .	sentenced
During his time at the WPA , Cashwan created several sculptures for outside display at Michigan State University .	display
Strachey set out to breathe life into the Victorian era for future generations to read .	read
In functional analysis , a branch of mathematics , a finite-rank operator is a bounded linear operator between Banach spaces whose range is finite-dimensional .	mathematics
Silas tells his fellow priests that the princess has requested paper so she can write proclamations and do good for Pylea .	write
The inboard roll spoilers operate at all speeds .	operate
The ships also carried four Modèle 1902 Hotchkiss guns , two on each beam .	guns
At that point , 75 % of Texas recorded below-normal rainfall amounts , and over half the state was more than 30 inches below normal rainfall .	normal
The banana sector in the parishes of St. Thomas , St. Mary and Portland suffered significant damage .	sector
RNA-Seq ) using Bowtie first and then mapping to a reference genome to discover RNA splice sites " de novo " .	reference
Stoll 's first job duty was to track a 75-cent accounting error in the LBL system .	duty
The setup is as follows : a coalition of players cooperates , and obtains a certain overall gain from that cooperation .	gain
She discharged her passengers at Pearl Harbor on the 26th ; then steamed on to Majuro , where she arrived on 10 March .	passengers
When the order comes to abandon Ceres , he begrudgingly follows it , but makes another choice as well .	choice
They have provided assistance to the homeless and battered women throughout the year around Atlanta , Ga .	assistance
The various branches , however , have separate histories going back to 1937 .	branches
Ásatrúarfélagið does not have a fixed religious dogma or theology but the high priests have tended towards a pantheistic worldview .	fixed
When they arrive , they are surprised to be meeting only with Brian , who reveals that he is getting a divorce .	getting
In 1968 , he became commander of the Northeast Region .	commander
Chelsea have drawn more matches with Everton than with any other club , with 50 .	drawn
" Derrick " was briefly referenced in Marjane Satrapi 's " Persepolis " .	briefly
After the fall of the government , Braadland became a member of the Norwegian parliament .	parliament
It first appeared in print in " Look " magazine , introducing the concept of a topless swimsuit into commercial fashion .	fashion
It was redesignated the 2d Satellite Control Squadron as the first operational squadron of the 2d Space Wing .	squadron
The mobility of the grain boundaries is influenced by their orientation and so some crystallographic textures will result in faster growth than others .	influenced
Several variations on the Sun-4 architecture were subsequently developed and used in later computer systems produced by Sun and other vendors .	architecture
His brother Alfred Charles True was a noted agricultural educationist .	agricultural
On March 19 , 2017 , In September 2018 , Graziano was indicted on federal racketeering and extortion charges .	charges
Bradby has written six novels :	novels
Fourteen historians and sociologists signed a letter to the publishing house .	publishing
The larvae feed on " Tetradymia axillmis " .	feed
DSRCT in young patients can be mistaken for other abdominal tumors including rhabdomyosarcoma , neuroblastoma , and mesenteric carcinoid .	patients
By five , she was singing weekends in her family 's band .	singing
" Chronicles Magazine " often runs news articles of interest to the old right .	articles
It is played annually between two schools in the country and traditional rivals Royal College , Colombo , and Trinity College , Kandy .	annually
They were also endorsed by the Montreal Central Council of the Confédération des syndicats nationaux which represents 125,000 members in Quebec .	represents
Tracking westward , the wave spawned an area of low pressure two days later , which quickly strengthened into a tropical depression .	tropical
The vehicle was unveiled at the Geneva International Motor Show , followed by the 2015 New York International Auto Show .	vehicle
The other funeral pattern was groups of mausoleums constructed like tiny houses located in caves worked into cliffs .	pattern
The first three listed above quit almost immediately , because of Michael 's management methods and other office problems .	methods
Skeletons were found of people of Apachean , or Athabaskan , heritage .	heritage
Attécoubé ( Ebrié : Abidjan Te ) is a suburb of and one of the 10 urban communes of Abidjan , Ivory Coast .	suburb
All were constructed after 1985 and all airsides include a food court and gift shop , as well as outdoor smoking patios .	shop
Different types of protease inhibition are directed toward a single class of protease .	toward
The age of the belt was not recorded , but adjoining 66-year-old stands may have been of the same vintage .	stands
He had surgery the next day , but the outlook was bleak .	surgery
IGN remarks that , artistically , the visuals of " Axis & Allies " look good :	look
In April 2006 , Stevens began a bit of singles work in light of his partner being injured by Scott Steiner .	injured
They had also made preparations to escape quickly , which led the FBI to conclude that the suspects needed to be arrested quickly .	escape
In some cases , the scene leading up to the previous episode 's ending is shown instead of a montage .	ending
She then finished in sixth place of semi-final 2 with a time of 1.00.04 , failing to gain a place in the final .	gain
The below lists some of the main services provided by Czech Airlines Technics :	lists
Angelus is infuriated at being subjected to the memory again , and Faith realizes with glee that they 're experiencing Angel 's good deeds of the past .	memory
Soulangis is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
In 1978 Dekkers had shown that for systems of size 2 Plemelj 's claim is true .	claim
Not that of the spirit , the body , or the mind .	mind
As is common in raptors the older sibling often kills the younger one or outcompetes it for food ; only occasionally do both survive to adulthood .	occasionally
Network utilities like ping can be used to determine the hop count to a specific destination .	determine
It was twice adapted into films in 1987 and 2014 .	adapted
Rural Tongans rely on both plantation and subsistence agriculture .	agriculture
He played his first season as a senior in 2011 – 12 , competing with the reserves in Tercera División .	competing
After establishing Zhou dynasty , King Wu of Zhou feoffed his uncle and mentor Guo Shu to the Western Guo ( 西虢 ) around 1054 b.c .	dynasty
Two of the Jacks fall out of formation and begin to quarrel .	begin
The station has one automatic ticket machine .	machine
a bishop without a diocese ) on 22 October 1718 .	bishop
It is believed to have been influenced by a long-time love for Led Zeppelin 's music and a wish to emulate them in this song .	influenced
Behind them , the sun sets beyond San Francisco 's Golden Gate , as yet unadorned by its bridge .	beyond
The independent publishing project produced " How to Disappear " ( 2013 ) , authored by Egyptian writer Haytham El-Wardany , in Arabic and English .	publishing
Since the 2005 – 2006 academic year , an IHSA music sweepstakes trophy requires a school to finish in the top 10 of its respective class .	requires
39 Conduit Road is a residential development by the company situated in the mid-levels in Hong Kong .	residential
Gratia reached sixth place at the world championships and won two major ski races , in St. Anton and Kitzbühel .	championships
This dish was introduced by the Dutch during the occupation in Indonesia .	occupation
Inhibitors of CYP2C19 can be classified by their potency , such as :	classified
Friedlander died in January 1968 , aged 83 .	aged
where formula _ 11 is the three-dimensional boundary .	boundary
Thus the campaign of Timur to Anatolia and the ensuing Ottoman Interregnum gave the Karamanids a chance for revival .	chance
In 2012 , Turkmenistan announced its first naval exercises in the Caspian Sea programmed for early September .	naval
Lee has also emphasised the importance and desirability of Japanese power for a stable balance in the Indo-Pacific in the current century .	importance
In November 2008 , Amerini returned to Serie B club Modena on free transfer .	transfer
Castle Point ( or Stevens Point ) , The Projects , Hoboken Terminal , and Hudson Tea are distinct enclaves at the city 's periphery .	distinct
This arrangement was first suggested by Eugen Sänger in the 1940s .	suggested
In modern economies with fractional-reserve banking , money creation follows a two-stage process .	creation
By February 1999 , the f-150-based F-250 was discontinued and the Super Duty trucks finally marketed for sale .	sale
Not long after these results became known , Curt Porter at Merck showed that L-DOPA was the active stereoisomer , thus reducing the effective dose to half .	effective
At the broadest level , two tiers of fences can be distinguished .	distinguished
As of Q1 2011 , gamerdna.com is maintained and run by PlayXpert .	maintained
However , at the beginning of May 1945 a team of former Communist exiles landed in Berlin headed up by Walter Ulbricht .	headed
Located in downtown Tigard , the station has about 100 park-and-ride spaces .	downtown
She was initially interested in writing stories for children but later switched to acting .	interested
In the playoffs , the Bulls swept the defending NBA champion Miami Heat 4-0 in the first round of the 2007 NBA playoffs .	defending
Thor and Loki visit Midgard , the world of humans , and take on farmer 's children Þjálfi and Röskva as their servants .	humans
His company , Bauer & Schweitzer , continued to supply malt to Bay Area breweries , including the Anchor Brewing Company , into the 1960s .	supply
As an adult , he lived in Winchester , New Hampshire until his death in 1966 .	adult
A submarine shelf formed from the erosional runoff , allowing for the development of coral reefs before the island was submerged 600 to 2000 feet .	allowing
Although the Spanish tax reform of 1845 is often attributed solely to Mon , Santillán was his close collaborator .	reform
The event functioned as street art , inviting pedestrians to reflect on ' the impact of technology in today 's society ' .	impact
Guy had a vasectomy but Carmen was shocked to learn she was pregnant , indicating an affair .	learn
Coral Springs ' water supply comes from the Biscayne Aquifer , South Florida 's primary source of drinking water .	supply
In a modular system ad sizes are represented by the amount of the total page the ad takes up .	page
In addition , Tuktoyaktuk 's natural harbour was historically used as a means to transport supplies to other Inuvialuit settlements .	transport
Stewart finished the season with 36 combined tackles ( 30 solo ) , five pass deflections , and a forced fumble in 13 games and six starts .	starts
Sam 's complete electoral history has been tracked , online , at " Our Campaigns " , and a portion of it is reflected here .	electoral
Advantages of this method of distribution are lower cost , simplified installation and ensuring driver portability .	driver
In terms of data integration , " query containment " represents an important property of conjunctive queries .	represents
However , it is difficult to determine at which point a journalistic contribution is interventionist .	determine
She has qualified to the free skate at two European Championships .	qualified
Robinson is the first player to transfer from Division III to Division I with a full scholarship according to some sources .	transfer
The school is scheduled to be closed in June 2018 .	scheduled
For nearly five decades , Clive Barker has surprised the art lover with his Pop Art sculptures which bear testimony to his individual story .	decades
Jennifer I. Burge ( born November 29 , 1970 ) is an American travel memoirist and speaker on global living .	global
Bis ( 2-Hydroxyethyl ) terephthalate is an organic compound ; it is the ester of ethylene glycol and terephthalic acid .	acid
Joseph Ki-Zerbo ( June 21 , 1922 – December 4 , 2006 , Burkina Faso ) was a Burkinabé historian , politician and writer .	historian
The record is a tribute to late Egyptian guitarist Omar Khorshid as well as to Middle Eastern music .	guitarist
Belldandy is unflinchingly kind , patient , and warm , not only to Keiichi but to everyone , without exception .	kind
Peter Warlock used the carol in composition and applied it to those that died at war in 1919 .	composition
From Van der Post , Prince Charles developed a focus on philosophy , especially that of Asian and Middle Eastern nations .	philosophy
The scientific name for the species means " slender-snouted flat-weasel " .	scientific
Stapleton Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
As well as a musician , Bernel was a singer in his own right .	musician
In early 2008 , Whirled News Tonight launched a free weekly Podcast that features an audio recording of their improvised performances .	weekly
The " Gazette " is also a vehicle for the dissemination of military art and science among Marines .	vehicle
Using coral age-dating methods , scientists have estimated that some living deep-water corals date back at least 10,000 years .	methods
Regarding tactics , an adamantine dragon favors frontal assaults against a single target that it can take down quickly .	target
In 1881 Guastavino came to New York City from Barcelona , with his youngest son , nine-year-old Rafael III .	youngest
As a Storm Rider , he is portrayed as a gigantic serpent- or dragon-like beast , similar to the Leviathan .	portrayed
The units were designed to be robust and simple ( but were noisy ) , often parked outside in the winter .	simple
In 2007 , the Clairton City School District employed 80 teachers working 190 days with 183 student days .	teachers
Closure properties of deterministic context-free languages ( accepted by deterministic PDA by final state ) are drastically different from the context-free languages .	properties
The sketch was written by two young writers , Rick Hawkins and Liz Sage .	writers
Tripartite elongated rectangular window openings are found on the upper , cement rendered , section of the tower .	window
Furthermore , TSA requires that certification to the ANSI N43.17 standard is performed by a third party and not by the manufacturer themselves .	requires
The temple entrance is North facing .	entrance
The advantage having the role as a class is that attributes can be bound to it .	advantage
Inland China has 176,000 square km of inland waters ( 1.8 percent of the inland area ) .	waters
This proposal would have effectively made slavery permanent , or at least prevented abolition at the federal level .	permanent
The current units of the regiment are :	regiment
COPY is the debut album by the Japanese electronic artist Mitsuki Aira .	electronic
Hot Springs Reservation was initially created by an act of the United States Congress on April 20 , 1832 to be preserved for future recreation .	preserved
A more literal use of this term can be found in Rex Stout 's Nero Wolfe novels and novellas .	novels
September of the same year , celebrating the anniversary of the 1820 Liberal Revolution , in Portugal , by a group of Portuguese liberal intellectuals .	anniversary
Hopkins was fast from the start being fastest in free practice sessions , capturing his first Superbike World Championship pole position with a new circuit record lap .	fast
The tested individual must also be able to answer questions on Water Safety and Rescue Techniques including Priorities of Rescue and Survival in Water .	questions
To date , it is the fourth biggest hit since 1995 in Belgium ( Wallonia ) .	biggest
Pollen developed a plotting unit ( or plotter ) to capture this data .	capture
In March 1990 , she joined in the movement against the expansion of a golf course in Oka , Quebec .	expansion
Classifications are typically named for the primary constituent particle size or a combination of the most abundant particles sizes , e.g .	combination
By the time that Kaplan took over , the basic structure and style of the magazine had become highly successful .	basic
The Shabbona Trail is compacted gravel and remarkably well protected from traffic and the elements .	protected
Such materials exhibit room-temperature photoluminescence in the monolayer limit .	limit
Performance racing motorcycles often use carbon-fibre wheels , but the expense of these wheels is prohibitively high for general usage .	racing
After nine years of marriage , Conrad and Hefner separated although remained nominally married .	separated
The study noted that while the best school districts spent 4 % of the annual budget on administration , others spend over 15 % on administration .	budget
Mating and hatching of eggs occurs away from hosts .	hosts
Duska and Vada is famous local fast food .	fast
Coll y Cuchí was among those in the party who favored the independence of Puerto Rico .	independence
The club met at the " Raven " for its annual and quarterly meetings .	meetings
He noted that two of the entities , including FEF , were nonprofit fund-raisers and therefore ineligible for involuntary bankruptcy actions .	actions
Cioculescu rejected this assessment , arguing that it relied on hearsay and pointing out that the chronological order provided by Dragomirescu was inaccurate .	rejected
Like an open-end fund , closed-end funds pool capital from a variety of investors and has a fund manager make investments on their part .	funds
Plasmodium odocoilei is a species of parasites , that causes malaria in white-tailed deer .	causes
and Doctor of Musical Arts degrees from the Yale School of Music .	degrees
Whalers began roving the Pacific , although they visited Tuvalu only infrequently because of the difficulties of landing on the atolls .	landing
At present , the Turkish banking sector is among the strongest and most expansive in East Europe , the Middle East and Central Asia .	sector
Fuerte de Buenos Aires was the main Spanish fortress of the city of Buenos Aires during the colonial period .	colonial
On 10 December 1928 , Pilot Officer Hugh Constantine , while flying off Leysdown crashed into the sea , about 200 yards from the shore .	flying
Williams ' silhouettes can be found in a number of institutions , including :	institutions
Population : 19,603 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Chistoozyornoye accounts for 32.8 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
Its downturned mouth is open , as if in mid-squall .	mouth
Roosevelt ended up removing the health care provisions from the bill in 1935 .	bill
Ficus is a genus of large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ficidae , the fig shells .	marine
The body is completely covered in fur except for the wings and tail membrane .	wings
Achebe frequently includes folk songs and descriptions of dancing in his work .	folk
" Friedrich der Grosse " participated in the ceremonial transfer of the island of Helgoland from British to German control in the summer of 1890 .	transfer
As a result of winning the contest , Martínez won the right to play and train with Real Madrid Castilla .	contest
CV Productions claimed the PSAC used the publicity of Ronald Miller 's death in a boxing match to encourage the Senate to outlaw the wrong sport .	sport
Her stance that women are stunted in society is expressed in this article .	expressed
Some sex toys designed for nipple stimulation , such as suction cups or clamps , may also cause inverted nipples to protract or stay protracted longer .	stay
There are many Sybase-centric user groups around the world .	user
" Push the Button " was included in the playlist for the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Summer Olympics .	ceremony
Hana Pavelić was soon caught and killed in the Stara Gradiška concentration camp .	caught
The lyrics are often incorrectly attributed to King Pleasure because he was the first to record it .	lyrics
The data acquired by the Apollo Lunar Mapping Cameras provided important information to scientists and geologists studying and mapping the lunar surface .	studying
They attend and worship at the Shenzhen International Fellowship .	attend
The Scout brick must have all of its options set to " off " .	brick
She won her second WTA Premier title and second WTA overall at Polsat Warsaw Open where she was the defending champion .	defending
The diameter tail rotor features a shrouded tail rotor and a tailplane with end-fins .	diameter
As the dragon approaches adulthood , its color gradually brightens until the individual scales are scarcely visible .	visible
As a result , the youth was destroyed , and he became a mass of ever growing energy known as The Dark Samsara .	mass
The team was coached by Les Moss for the first fourteen games of the season before he was fired and replaced by interim head coach Bob Landsee .	fired
( In an acute episode which is not treated , it will be 3 – 4 weeks after onset before the x-ray is positive . )	treated
He trained and was the mentor of Egyptian President Adly Mansour .	trained
They are used in Chinese martial arts .	arts
They also beat the United States .	beat
It contains graves of some of Pulaski County 's earliest settlers , the Pyeatte and Carnahan families .	earliest
His father , lieutenant John Francis Vaughan , belonged to one of the oldest recusant families of Welsh descent in England .	descent
Combining this with the general expression for the strain energy function it is clear that	expression
This famous site , called Kuhankuono in Finnish , is also a pre-historical border mark between Southwest Finland and the other Finnish provinces .	mark
Tri Kappa chapters support local philanthropic project and raise money collectively for statewide projects .	raise
Two years earlier , the Red Sox had finished the 1965 season with a league-worst 100 losses .	losses
Promoted to lieutenant general in April 1945 , Inada was Chief of Staff of the 16th Area Army until the surrender of Japan .	16th
It grows to a head-and-body length of between with a tail of .	grows
Use of English language is compulsory at all times whilst within the school grounds .	grounds
Although Max suspects nothing , Dr. Peter Cleave ( Sir Ian McKellan ) correctly guesses that the two are seeing each other .	nothing
The work was sent to Tacca in Florence as primary reference for the King , and the statue was finished in 1640 .	reference
He was tried by the " People 's Court " and executed at Brandenburg-Görden Prison .	executed
It appears that both options may eventually be built , with the Chester County trail proceeding first and carrying the main SRT designation .	carrying
After that , Paget 's career began to decline .	decline
It features additional vocals from Travis Scott .	vocals
A modern road cuts the eastern corner of Terrace 6 .	corner
The suspicion surrounded a problem with the tiny reed valve .	surrounded
This is the older part of the village which is exclusively agricultural and very poor .	agricultural
Crane or large vehicle drivers do not always have clear visibility of the loading area , especially when tower cranes are employed .	vehicle
Byrne 's book and film " The Secret " , and its rendition of the ' Law of Attraction ' , asserted three claims .	claims
His band released 15 Challengers albums throughout the sixties as well as others recorded under different names for the US and foreign markets .	markets
Her family had close ties with Francisco I. Madero and the school in which Arizmendi was enrolled was next door to Madero 's Texas retreat .	door
An electronic version of the game has also been produced .	electronic
On Earth-3 , an evil equivalent of Green Arrow is a member of the supervillain co-op called the Crime Society of America .	equivalent
The flag was also flown on a car belonging to Bernard Montgomery , Chairman of the Commanders-in-Chief Committee .	flag
Several factors put the Philippines in danger of a broader HIV / AIDS epidemic .	factors
His performance in P Vasu 's " Hogi Pyaar Ki Jeet " ( 1999 ) was praised by Rediff.com 's Suparn Verma .	praised
The router determines which downstream interfaces are destinations for this multicast group ( the destination address ) , and sends the packet out through the appropriate interfaces .	address
Lyubytinsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
Luckily , awareness is being raised about the problem , and steps are being taken to help improve its preservation .	improve
mRNA degradation is localised in cytoplasmic bodies called P-bodies .	bodies
Eddie Elder ( born February 14 , 1989 ) is an American football defensive back who is currently a free agent .	defensive
For a long while Lierenfeld had an agricultural character .	agricultural
" Indiana " s starboard catapult was torn from the ship , along with the Kingfisher float plane that had been sitting on it .	plane
Austropyrgus is a genus of minute freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the Hydrobiidae family .	minute
As an amateur he wrote poems in Latin language .	amateur
Other ways people could become slaves was by inheriting the status from their parents .	ways
Generally , high-speed rail is defined as having a top speed in regular use of over .	rail
He was drafted by the Lions in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
He would have to don a hood with horns and put the teeth of a boar sticking out of his mouth .	mouth
Schmidt also won two medals in the mixed team event at the FIL World Luge Championships with a gold in 1996 and a silver in 1991 .	medals
This custom of 12 consecutive special haftarot is first recorded in Pesiqta de-Rav Kahana ( 5th century ?	consecutive
In 2012 , Ljova released his fourth album , " Melting River " , featuring music created for a dance piece by choreographer Aszure Barton .	piece
In 1965 Malcolm Whyte became the foundation professor and head of the hospital 's Department of Clinical Science .	foundation
The Diablos won their seventh pennant against the Reynosa Broncos in 1981 .	seventh
In the 1920s the community began expanding from the South End into Roxbury .	1920s
Lords used lyrics she had previously written in New Zealand based on her personal journals she kept since she was a child .	lyrics
The ice hockey section was also disbanded in 1972 and the last season in handball was played in 1978 .	hockey
Four years later , national team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Rakel in the Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	squad
They also toured with Dead To Me and Joan Jett in the fall of the same year .	toured
He is best known for his campaign on the protection of river Periyar and is the founder of e.g .	protection
As a teenager , he was influenced by artists like Public Enemy , Phil Collins , Metallica , Bone Thugs-n-Harmony , and Outkast .	influenced
One can measure it using the standard Pearson Correlation , as Newman demonstrates .	measure
The route was to head eastward , crossing over CR 527 ( the Old Bridge Turnpike ) just after its impetus .	crossing
Matthews was limited by injuries in 1987 before being traded in mid-season to Seattle for minor league pitcher Dave Hartnett .	injuries
The high species diversity of the Pronophilina subtribe has inspired multiple theories about speciation and diversification processes .	processes
Domestically , it operates five distribution centers located in Oklahoma , Indiana , California , Tennessee and Pennsylvania .	operates
The college was affiliated to the Andhra University in 1945 .	affiliated
A Prescribed Financial Statement is then prepared for the debtor .	prepared
In 1899 , the working day was fixed at 9 hours .	fixed
In 1990 it separated from Betoota and became the " Birdsville Race Club Incorporated " .	separated
Her father asked her to take over and lead the church 's choir , which she did , instead of pursuing an occupation in the cosmetology field .	occupation
Clarke eventually declared midway through the afternoon session at 4 / 659 , for a lead of 468 runs .	session
Elnaz Shakerdoost ( , born June 27 , 1984 in Tehran ) is an Iranian actress , designer and model .	designer
For Nettop and Netbook Atom Microprocessors after " Diamondville " , the memory and graphics controller are moved from the northbridge to the CPU .	memory
A second cousin was Richard D. Gholson , a Kentuckian who like the brothers Gholson invested in Texas and favored the Confederate cause .	cousin
The influence of art the Arts Club also extended into later institutions in London .	institutions
" Hotel Babylon " is the story of immigrants working in a hotel in Winnipeg , Canada .	hotel
The hydrate exists as two polymorphs , with space groups P2 / c and P2 / a .	exists
PACs became a draw for touring shows and eventually included visual art in their facilities .	visual
It is endemic to California , where it occurs in the North Coast Ranges and the Klamath Mountains .	endemic
I mean , like a real person , with real feelings , such as self-pity and a desperate urge for self-preservation .	mean
Congressman Lincoln Diaz-Balart , asking him to help Cuban doctors in Bolivia who were being denied asylum and travel visas .	denied
The next evening , Fred gushes about her date to Wesley and Cordelia .	evening
He then spent eight years as a quarterbacks and wide receivers coach before becoming the team 's offensive coordinator in 1998 .	offensive
During his rise to power , Richard Nixon became known as a leading anti-communist .	rise
The Windows ( ANSI ) code page for Arabic is Windows-1256 .	page
The boarding house underwent a £ 3 million refurbishment and expansion in 2012 and now provides a home to over 100 students from around the world .	expansion
Since there were no signs of erosion , it had most probably broken off during or after the fossil 's collection .	broken
These policies include the auto policy , sugar policy , cotton textile , garment policy , and co-developed a new rice production policy .	policies
The film had collected a distributors ' share of Rs.85 million in its complete theatrical run .	collected
Krestetsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
He is known exclusively through his Middle High German romance Tristrant , the oldest surviving complete version of the Tristan and Iseult story in any language .	surviving
The fifth match featured the TNA debut of Samoa Joe , who was pitted against Sonjay Dutt in a bout lasting 6 minutes and 22 seconds .	seconds
Tonga did not rate as an " electoral democracy " under the criteria of Freedom House 's Freedom in the World 2006 report .	electoral
The IRT New Lots Line ( ) has a station at the intersection of Pennsylvania Avenue and Livonia Avenue .	intersection
Following the season , Henry was signed to a reserve / future contract on January 24 , 2009 .	reserve
The campaign of 1968 began with a preseason exhibition game against Major League Baseball 's New York Yankees , who were defeated by Mexico .	exhibition
The internal standard selected should be again similar to the analyte and have a similar retention time and similar derivitization .	internal
Reiman was chairman of one of the advertising agency , Babbitt & Reiman , before its acquisition by London-based GGT in the early 1990s .	agency
Her father is African American , while her mother is of Italian , Hungarian , and Irish descent .	descent
Of the adult population , 20 people or 11.1 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old .	adult
SHERPA / JULIET is a SHERPA service which lists funder mandates only .	lists
Farmers using fire to clear land for planting combined with extreme drought caused the plants to dry out , allowing the fires to run rampant .	allowing
It eventually materialized in Vascongadas and Navarre as , with Oreja elected as its deputy from the rural Biscay district .	deputy
In his response , Obradović said that he believed that the LGBT community in Serbia enjoy the same rights as other citizens .	citizens
Several different recipes exist , some also including beef and fat .	exist
Lopez is then seen entering a room through sliding doors with a new outfit .	entering
A version by Patti Page charted in 1962 , reaching # 27 on the " Billboard " chart .	reaching
The institution was founded in 1977 by Carmen Romano , the wife of Mexican President José López Portillo and First Lady of Mexico .	institution
He was one of the first authors to introduce realism into Uzbek literature .	authors
It was present at the 300th , 350th , and 400th anniversary of Quebec City .	anniversary
Its route somewhat parallels the route used by prospectors in the 1898 Klondike Gold Rush .	somewhat
During the Middle Ages the Septimer Pass was crucial to the temporal power of the Bishopric of Chur whose extensive territories until the fourteenth century included Chiavenna .	extensive
In the 2010s , adding metadata to a product that is available online can make it easier for end users to find the product .	users
Comprising thirteen tracks , led off by single " No Messin ' " , the album features input from fellow guitarist Chuck Loeb on two tracks .	guitarist
A group of successful audax cyclists formed the Audax Club Parisien ( ACP ) , which took over the organisation of Audax events on Desgrange 's behalf .	organisation
He has worked as a scholar in multiple universities .	universities
In some cases emergent phenomena may arise which bear little resemblance to the underlying elementary laws .	laws
Generally , the speed range for ultra high-speed rail is between and .	rail
The IFF has a number of subscribers to their research output , among which are	output
2005 : A quarterback wins 4 < br >	wins
Ariel University cooperates with international organizations and universities all over the world .	universities
Hannah 's school is also located in the affected area .	affected
Cif is secreted by " P. aeruginosa " PA14 as soluble protein as well as packaged into outer membrane vesicles ( OMV ) .	protein
For reaching the group stage , UEFA awarded a base fee of € 8.6 million .	reaching
In its original airing the episode was ranked 79th for the week with a 4.8 rating / 8 share .	rating
Preliminary examination by a forensic expert on the island determined that the bone was from a young woman .	determined
Jute has a long history of use in the sackings , carpets , wrapping fabrics ( cotton bale ) , and construction fabric manufacturing industry .	manufacturing
He died of brain cancer at age 40 in his hometown of Hull , Quebec .	brain
At a party he meets the attractive singer Jess , who is in a relationship with the Ghost 's agent , Benny .	meets
These include the following in the order of their ranking , which are used as titles ;	ranking
Harry McKirdy ( born 29 March 1997 ) is an English footballer who plays for Newport County on loan from Aston Villa .	loan
" The act cracked down on Death Row inmates and other state prisoners who file numerous appeals in federal court after losing initial appeals .	prisoners
According to the 2010 census , the population is 2,048 , an increase of 42.6 % from the previous decade .	decade
Despite two bogeys in his first two holes , Gallacher clinched victory with an eagle on the 16th hole .	16th
Eventually she starts to regret lying about not being pregnant , but she continually puts off confessing .	starts
Lyrically , the song is about sending a dirty picture to a significant other whom you miss .	picture
Finally , the amendments allow candidates for Governor and Lieutenant Governor to run on a single ticket .	candidates
The summit is usually reached directly from a high camp at at the edge of the glacier .	edge
The city provided $ 3 million in capital and another $ 8.5 million in guaranteed loans to supplement Wilkinson 's $ 1.15 million investment .	investment
US 195 later became in 1948 , as part of a westward expansion .	expansion
He seized EastIndiamen , " Somers " and " Grantham " , near Goa as these vessels were on their voyage from England to Bombay .	vessels
For example , the standard of care reduced that amount of blood transfused from 750 to 200 ml .	blood
From early on , Caragiale 's minute analysis of mounting terror in " O făclie de Paşte " won the praise of Constantin Dobrogeanu-Gherea .	minute
Two of his other novels have been made into films .	novels
Mainpuri Assembly constituency is one of the 403 constituencies of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly , India .	constituency
The money , some $ 1.7 million , was distributed by then-Governor Bill Richardson without oversight or review .	distributed
The FBI took two years to investigate the plot , which showed that a slow approach to terrorist investigations was beneficial .	plot
The Jersey Surf Drum and Bugle Corps is a World Class competitive junior drum and bugle corps .	junior
He is the founder of Ronald McDonald House Charities , which provides accommodation for families whose children are receiving medical treatment , in Canada and in Russia .	receiving
Scott honed his sound as Southern Fly maintained a busy touring schedule through bars and nightclubs in London and other European cities .	maintained
The friendly match between the two lowest-ranked teams in the world ended with a 4 – 0 win for Bhutan in front of 15,000 fans in Thimphu .	fans
The productions of " Paquita " and " Satanella " brought about a measure of prestige and attention for the company .	measure
Whilst in the La Boutillerie area of France , Lieutenant Graham was wounded in the leg .	wounded
Cosnania is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :	containing
Sentinel Prime eventually returns in the " Titans Return " storyline , where it 's revealed that he never actually died .	returns
He finished his career with 1543 hits in 6289 at bats , 69 stolen bases , and 306 doubles .	hits
Since 2000s a new page for Armenian tourism was opened .	page
Ground broke in 1975 to begin construction on the Credit Union ’ s first branch just off USU ’ s campus .	begin
Internally , the radial engine was at the rear and the transmission at the front of the tank 's hull .	rear
The first wave might be cutting of all trees for wood use .	wood
He began his musical journey with Sikh religious music , and along the way , he met with his love for folk music .	folk
She exposed to the readers the disparity between traditional values of female education and modern life .	values
The population in the metropolitan area of Toulouse is significantly younger and with a higher level of education than in the rest of Midi-Pyrénées .	significantly
East Amwell Township is located in the 7th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey 's 15th state legislative district .	15th
In 1908 Council asked the Queensland Treasury for a special loan of to finance a survey of the route of the proposed line .	loan
Freshman guard Charles Smith joined the team this season .	guard
Rhyl and District Rugby Union Football Club ( Welsh : Clwb Rygbi y Rhyl ) is a rugby union club in Rhuddlan outside Rhyl , North Wales .	rugby
It gradually introduced four domestic and international services before folding in 2011 .	domestic
It lasted from January 9 until February 1 , 2010 .	lasted
Pierre 's accomplished graduation ranking allowed him to choose the French Foreign Legion 's 1st Foreign Regiment , making a Legion Lieutenant on October 1 , 1938 .	ranking
The Williams Brothers Quartet , including a young Andy Williams , sang backup vocals behind Crosby .	vocals
He lost his life on the same trip , due to a shipwreck in Mbiazá , Brazil .	trip
They are generally considered part of the Japanese psychedelic music scene alongside bands like Ghost and Acid Mothers Temple .	bands
and so a × b transforms as a pseudovector , because of the determinant factor .	factor
Then in the late 1970s , an all-news AM station in Jackson , Mississippi , with the call letters WRBC .	letters
He was later diagnosed with " low bone turnover " and began taking daily injections to increase his bone mass .	mass
Another important element of the KKB project is that it encourages , rather induces , people to undertake immediate construction of houses .	element
Keays-Byrne returned to the " Mad Max " franchise in the 2015 film " " , as the main villain Immortan Joe .	franchise
The wines made in this style tend to be slightly fuller body and can have some of the texture and mouthfeel of a white Bourgogne AOC .	slightly
Stoke Climsland is a village in the valley of the River Tamar , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom within the civil parish of Stokeclimsland .	valley
They spend the bulk of their lives in human form , seeking out evil and punishing wrongdoers to the best of its considerable abilities .	considerable
Human feet evolved enlarged heels to bear the weight that evolution also increased .	weight
It is a distinct concept from that of confidentiality ( see non-disclosure agreement ) .	distinct
Soon , Fyodor Shaklovity and his Streltsy accomplices were delivered to Peter Alexeyevich .	delivered
The Alpine Gallery held a memorial exhibition for Pickard in 1928 .	exhibition
Three lodges and one outfitter can provide transportation and services for fishing and hunting small game and waterfowl .	fishing
Some scholars argue that Marhaenism is a variant of Marxism .	scholars
They may study particular areas of economics in greater depth , from both a theoretical and an empirical perspective .	depth
Italy 's acquisition of this wealthy and populous territory represented a major step in the process of Italian unification .	step
Doinel claimed that he had a vision in which the Aeon Jesus appeared , He charged Doinel with the work of establishing a new church .	charged
The larvae feed on " Viscaria alpina " .	feed
The new breed was tested , and demand was established , before the breed register was set up around the year 2000 .	demand
Activities of the COMOR eventually morphed into prioritzing targets for early imaging satellite missions .	missions
Already as a child , France showed considerable talent , and so his parents decided to provide him with a good education .	considerable
Since 2013 , the company has introduced 14 digital document tools .	tools
Ron Larson is an art director , album cover designer and graphic artist .	designer
Tribe has argued 26 cases in the U.S .	argued
A recent survey found that about 219 bears graze in salt marshes during the summer in the coastal areas of the park .	coastal
The ace status of dozens of pilots still remains in question .	question
Rivers include the Albuko , Yasha , Wayit , Kechine and Yada rivers .	rivers
Together they edited the 12 volumes of the " Kirchenlexikon " , an encyclopedia of Catholic theology and its allied sciences .	edited
Caul agrees to the role , having his power ring re-embedded into his chest .	ring
People are pride and united irrespective of religion .	religion
This causes Marcie to continually bicker with Charlie and her older brother , Ron .	causes
The island of Gurskøy lies to the southeast , across the Herøyfjord .	southeast
The electric department is a member of the Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation .	electric
He then defeated incumbent John J. Riley for the Democratic nomination to Congress from the Second District .	nomination
" List of railroad yards in New York City	railroad
Their applications offered a variety of privacy controls .	applications
Native people have always believed that all parts of the slender loris have some medicinal or magical powers .	powers
Philip Joseph was an African American Republican politician and journalist in Reconstruction and Jim Crow-era Alabama .	journalist
The song was a collaboration between Ramström , Magnusson , Swingfly and Teron Beal .	collaboration
On the outbreak of war , TF units were invited to volunteer for Overseas Service and the large majority of the Northumbrian Division accepted .	invited
The 1992 law had applied the First Amendment to all of California 's secular private colleges and universities .	universities
With the parts menu , a player can assemble a pinball machine , and can paint or decorate it with the game ’ s paint menu .	machine
Illustrations include photographs of surrealist objects by Breton , Gala Éluard , Valentine Hugo , Joan Miró , Alberto Giacometti , and Dalí .	objects
To learn about the whole process you are welcome to visit the farm .	learn
During the reconstruction much of the internal design was destroyed and replaced with Orthodox frescoes as well as with a large iconostasis .	internal
After securing Syria they marched toward Cairo .	toward
Bürgi 's Kunstweg is a set of algorithms invented by Jost Bürgi at the end of the 16th century .	16th
Styles retained the championship at the event .	retained
Jersey City is split between the 8th and 10th Congressional Districts and is part of New Jersey 's 31st and 33rd state legislative districts .	10th
Ystrad Marchell sometimes Strad Marchell ( ) was a medieval commote ( " cwmwd " ) in the cantref of Ystlyg in the Kingdom of Powys .	medieval
Participatory democracy was a founding principle for the Australian Democrats .	founding
Stevens then bashed Williams with the megaphone and covered for the pin , retaining the NWA World Tag Team Championship at 15 minutes and 22 seconds .	seconds
Originally formed as the 7th Regiment of New York Volunteers upon the request of President James K. Polk by New York State Legislator Jonathan D. Stevenson .	request
In 2011 , MYDIN , along with other major hypermarkets such as Tesco and Carrefour participated in the TUKAR programme under the Economic Transformation Programme .	programme
The school employed 30 teachers in 2013	teachers
Next season , he saw his playing time greatly reduced and was sent down to the Western Hockey League where he played for the Vancouver Canucks .	greatly
Henceforth , state Kulke and Rothermund , " everybody was busy with earning a living so that nobody could even think of rebellion . "	think
" Thomas " finally sank " U-709 " early the next morning .	morning
His satirical environmental installation " The Discount Store " was shown at VCU 's Anderson Gallery in 1979 .	environmental
This method can also be used as a group fundraising effort .	effort
After the " Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly Constituencies Order " was passed in 2008 , the constituency was assigned identification number 107 .	constituency
White and Sierpowski acted as a duo in making the third ( and final ) Jake White Project album , On My Own , in June 2006 .	acted
The Washington Metropolitan Area 's gross product was $ 435 billion in 2014 , making it the sixth-largest metropolitan economy in the United States .	economy
After the establishment of the Roman Empire , the 3rd Augustan Legion was based in Theveste before being transferred to Lambaesis .	establishment
Lady Stubbs was asked to leave retirement and given a contract of seventeen months to reform the school or it would face closure .	reform
In addition to his earnings in no limit tournaments , Brooks is still active in online high-stakes poker tournaments .	limit
On the eve of the test match , an Indian television network caught WACA ground staff drinking on the uncovered match pitch .	caught
Woltemade 's body was found the next day , but the horse was not found .	horse
It has a total length of 645 metres and a maximum height of 93 metres .	height
These were dismissed as impractical or ridiculous by Bessell and Holmes , who nevertheless agreed to give the matter further consideration .	matter
so technically no longer exists .	exists
He also holds an MA in medieval Jewish history from the Bernard Revel Graduate School of Yeshiva University .	medieval
There are five temples in all , each with its own unique identity .	identity
One of Pacitti 's songs , " Ultraviolet " was featured on the " Girl Next " compilation album .	compilation
In 1947 the national institution was moved to Moscow , and much of its art collection was moved to the Hermitage .	institution
However , on occasions he disagreed publicly with their handling of the war .	occasions
Following the departure of Creed Bratton , who left in April 1969 , seasoned musician Dennis Provisor joined the group solidifying the new direction of the band .	musician
The club badge depicts the town hall in Bridgnorth 's high town .	hall
Ground was broken on the construction of the line on February 23 , 1832 at Murray Hill on Fourth Avenue .	broken
He was the leader of the movement MOPOCO ( Popular Colorado Movement ) that represented the strongest opposition to the dictatorship of Alfredo Stroessner .	opposition
The storm was also found to have restrengthened nearly to hurricane status .	storm
A distinctive crest of hair rises from a small lappet between the ears .	hair
Pericardial fremitus is a vibration felt on the chest wall due to the friction of the surfaces of the pericardium over each other .	felt
- Is a campaign that promotes the message that each of us can be Santa by helping others .	message
The D976 comes from Poncey-lès-Athée in the north and passes through the village continuing south-west to join Route Nationale 5 west of Auxonne .	passes
Additionally , the annual Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show , the world 's largest boat show , brings over 125,000 people to the city each year .	boat
After heavy rain temporary waterfalls can be seen running down the steep sided rock faces that line the fiord .	temporary
OG entered The International 2016 as one of the favorites , but ended up finishing 9-12th out of 16 teams .	finishing
The by-election had been called following the murder of communist legislator Sitaram Mishra in 1978 .	murder
In July 2013 , " The H " was closed down because it proved difficult to monetize traffic to the website .	proved
In the Fall of 2009 , the team returned to METNY D1 Men 's league in an effort to head-off waning numbers .	effort
In 2014 the American record label Burger Records released another compilation named " 27 Demos " on cassette .	compilation
Norleucine is also a popular internal standard for the analysis of amino acids via GC-MS .	internal
From 1992-1995 Harnish led U.S. policy on Central Asian politics and scientific cooperation with the New Independent States in the Department of State .	scientific
Finally , it called upon all parties to relevant peace and security agreements in Sudan to fully implement those agreements .	peace
Alvis and Sunbeam were at that time the only British companies building cars to Grand Prix formula racing specifications .	racing
In 1720 , Angre captured the vessel " Charlotte " along its owner , a merchant named Curgenven who had been bound to China from Surat .	vessel
He incurred the suspicion of having practised magic , and when of mature age left England and studied medicine at Montpelier .	medicine
Any " questionable " or offensive combinations are also not allowed to be assigned ; some are permanently banned .	offensive
Aluminum bottles are also more prone to dents than stainless steel bottles .	steel
It was also converted to the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron by Peter Scott and released for those platforms by Superior Software , also in 1989 .	platforms
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus in 1950 , and was re-elected on four occasions .	occasions
Twenty-five of the rebels were killed as a result of the government 's violent reaction to the uprising .	reaction
The finals were played in August 2014 .	finals
In 2009 , he started his own wrestling promotion called New European Championship Wrestling ( NEW ) .	promotion
They would add a " Darkstalkers " comic series to their line in November 2004 .	comic
This raised concern among the other candidates , with Rechani , Mejías and former contestant Ruthy Currás claiming that they had received pressure to abandon the race .	candidates
More recent honeymoon registries are not involved with the planning and booking of the honeymoon .	planning
The elongated canal is straight .	straight
He was jailed for four years.He is survived by wife and four sons wife name is Ravella suguna and sons	survived
In 2013 the BBC did a special investigation , Sue Lloyd-Roberts ' " Demanding justice for women and children abused by Irish nuns . "	investigation
The original spiritual leader was the late Rabbi Noah Golinkin , who was hired in 1978 .	hired
He played for Plymouth Argyle as a wartime guest , and also represented Grimsby Town and Lincoln City before retiring as a player in 1947 .	guest
In 1963 , the area was the scene of fighting between Algerian and Moroccan forces laying claim to western Algeria , in the Sand War .	claim
It also stated that the building has not been listed as a heritage structure anywhere and proposed an eight-storeyed complex in its place .	heritage
A regulation dam , located downstream from the main dam , creates a storage pool that can be used for pumped-storage hydroelectricity .	storage
Following the death of Thorgunna , the author describes the death of a shepherd at Frodis-water where Thorgunna had once resided .	describes
Texaco engines are designed to use bigger props , e.g .	engines
For the larger values the monarch 's portrait appears on the obverse .	values
After successfully completing a game , the contestant can leave with the amount of money already won before seeing the blueprint for the next game .	successfully
The cause was a signal not being lit at night .	signal
Improvements in fabric manufacture and dying provided new colors that were incorporated into the album designs .	designs
Black Americans are the largest racial minority , comprising nearly 13 % of the population .	racial
Its purpose is to make sure that the Sky Regalia stays within the Trophaeum by winning the Gram Scale Tournament .	purpose
" Second brain " can refer to :	brain
Along with the typical course offerings , Lake Forest High School also covers 26 AP classes and 40 Honors classes .	typical
This transition cannot be clearly , or easily , seen through the gravestones .	easily
Lin Farley ( born December 14 , 1942 ) is an American author , journalist and feminist .	journalist
Actin depolymerizing factors are a family of microfilament proteins associated with the rapid depolymerization of actin microfilaments that give actin its characteristic dynamic instability .	factors
It also supports – DUALSHOCK 4 .	supports
The MLA promotes medical libraries and the exchange of information .	exchange
In 1868 he was chosen a presidential elector , casting his vote for Ulysses S. Grant .	presidential
Additional ammo for the player 's current weapon can be purchased in stores as well when available .	stores
" And he 's so ' behind the scenes , ' especially when it comes to me .	scenes
These local associations are grouped into 19 regional associations , whose primary mandate to support the establishment of local associations .	establishment
Provincial architects began to recreate the motifs of the Banqueting House throughout England , with varying degrees of competence .	degrees
The letter states that the attempts to obtain the demanded evidence were unsuccessful " in a number of recent lawsuits " .	attempts
Vesalius used the Latin expression " os cuculi " , with " os " , bone and " cuculus " , the Latin name for the cuckoo .	expression
Lorne confirms his people have been waiting for one cursed with the sight that will save them all .	save
The adjective occipital , in zoology , means pertaining to the occiput ( rear of the skull ) .	rear
He attended high school at the University of Toronto Schools , graduating in 1991 .	graduating
The group traveled 1,000 miles in 100 days from the Everglades to the Okefenokee Swamp .	traveled
This type of windmill is described as " " ... a fixed tower surmounted by a movable cap which supported the sails .	fixed
Each has a distinct dialect .	distinct
A tropical wave moved off the western coast of Africa on September 11 ,	tropical
Conduct air-to-air and air-to-ground operations for daylight and nighttime missions .	missions
Kurundkar was especially influenced by Marxist ideologies .	influenced
He placed sixth ah the 1954 European Championships and second-fifth at the national championships of 1953 – 57 .	championships
Constans II Pogonatos ) to Emperor Taizong of Tang , bearing gifts such as red glass .	glass
It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period .	dating
He doesn 't wear his breathing apparatus as much in this film , and he shows his marksman skills in the film .	skills
They rebranded the game Cyclepath but it was a commercial failure .	failure
When the M-62 won the contest , the Air Corps awarded Fairchild with a contract for 270 planes to be designated the PT-19 .	contest
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) classifies banks according to their risk-based capital ratio :	banks
A goal is scored if the ball completely crosses the line .	ball
From the instruments used in KKB for the sake of targeting , some appear to be absolutely indispensable , viz .	instruments
The Forenza / Reno falls between the Aerio ( later SX4 ) and the now-discontinued Verona .	falls
All of Kurundkar 's literary work reflected the idea of supremacy of logical thinking .	literary
This city was one of the famous Arabic and Islamic culture and scientific centers in Yemen .	scientific
It was originally located in the home of Stan Stevens and Sally Davison , offering Kindergarten , year 1 and year 2 .	offering
In parallel with these changes , many German Americans elected to Americanize their names ( e.g .	parallel
On rare specimens , a depiction of a human face is found .	rare
In the years since , Republicans have yet to retake the advantage they once enjoyed .	advantage
The Panthers played their home games at the GSU Sports Arena competing as members of the Sun Belt Conference .	competing
" Sticks and Stones " about bone biology , received recognition by Apple in the 2011 App Store Rewind and has been downloaded over 600,000 times .	recognition
The Axis agents encoded these messages using the Kryha machine , of which the Coast Guard already had the keys .	machine
The first three are used as drinking water reservoirs and the lakes also serve as flood protection .	protection
The spirit behind this was pooling resources ; each would do what one did best .	resources
Spirituality is not merely a system of religious beliefs similar to logical systems of ideas .	ideas
Upon the outbreak of the war , the Italian military was hampered by the following factors :	factors
The Pavilion houses member companies in technology , digital health , media , entertainment , marketing and finance , operating from a startup level to seasoned professionals .	entertainment
On June 18 , 2015 an expansion was released for the iOS app that featured Fiona and Cake along with new gameplay features .	expansion
Garrett Theater was the great theater of this period .	theater
Ashlee was upset that her mother kept this lifelong secret .	secret
Though standing , he was a self-described " skinny WASP . "	standing
Mouton served in the state Senate from 1966 – 1980 and ran for governor , as senate president pro tempore , in the 1979 nonpartisan blanket primary .	governor
On December 22 , the Browns offered Grossman a one-week $ 53,529 NFL veteran league minimum contract after losing Johnny Manziel and Brian Hoyer to injuries .	injuries
He tied together the motifs of his own unhappy love with that of an unhappy , subjugated homeland .	tied
He completed his study of chamber music and composition at home in Slovenia , in Hungary , and in France .	composition
Becoming a restricted free agent in the 2010 off-season , Brulé filed for arbitration with the Oilers after failing to come to terms on a new contract .	filed
Males had a median income of $ 27,648 versus $ 21,905 for females .	versus
Next she is in an S and M-styled scene , whip in hand , with a tied up Uday Chopra .	tied
His cousin Elias Boudinot also studied at the school .	cousin
In September 2012 , CBS Sports Network introduced " NFL Monday QB " , a weekly NFL recap show .	weekly
" Lophelia " corals and coral rubble cover the mound tops , attracting other marine life .	marine
The facility 's casino section has 250 electronic gaming machines .	electronic
This film required extensive special effects , prompting Corman to buy a movie studio in Main Street Venice for $ 1.5 million .	extensive
In 2008 , the school started providing Chinese language classes .	providing
Daniels retained the championship in the encounter .	retained
In Scotland , around 5000 new cases of FND are diagnosed annually .	annually
The patient 's body is positioned so that the trachea is inclined downward and below the affected chest area .	affected
All tracks composed by Rob Parissi ; except where indicated	indicated
The rather solid shell has a depressedly conical shape .	shape
Population : 46,262 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Karasuk accounts for 61.8 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
" List of wars involving Mauritania	involving
Because the miners did not like the smelting work , Kanaka labour was employed to operate the furnaces .	operate
In 1687 the Catalan Capuchin friars were given responsibility for the conversion of the indigenous population of Trinidad and the Guianas .	responsibility
Plans for the arena are unclear after the franchise 's departure from Fort Worth .	franchise
One of the most extensive finds was at McNeeley Lake Cave ; many others were found around what is now the Louisville International Airport area .	extensive
He resigned from being a trustee in 1866 after a dispute about where to set up a new building for the institute .	resigned
Hilliard also earned three letters in track and one in wrestling .	letters
The event is part of the " ATP challenger series and is played on outdoor clay courts .	courts
John Mickel ( born 28 January 1971 , in Cambridge , England ) , is a stock car racer and commentator .	stock
One of the issues discussed in " La Française " was the question of pregnancies due to rape by German soldiers .	question
Sports available include swimming , water polo , tennis , squash , volleyball , netball and drum majorettes .	tennis
Early Japanese iron-working techniques date back to the 3rd to 2nd century BCE .	techniques
It featured a $ 100,000 USD prize pool .	prize
As part of this small fleet , the " Santos-Dumont " continued in this role until June 1937 .	fleet
The Reome river flows from the west to join the Armançon in the village .	flows
The cathedral was dedicated on September 2 , 2002 , and replaced the former Cathedral of Saint Vibiana , damaged in the 1994 Northridge earthquake .	damaged
The model has been supported by mathematical analyses of behavioral response times and studies of brain activity when people engage in multitasking .	brain
Also , the existing 3.0-liter Duratec V6 was bumped from to .	existing
His role as a villain and personality earned praise with his actions generating similar response .	actions
He sat in the Norwegian parliament in the periods 1895 – 97 and 1903 – 06 .	parliament
It serves as the fourth of five videos created for the songs of " Tragic Kingdom " .	videos
The Government commissioned a report into the bus network from former premier Barrie Unsworth .	commissioned
As such , it may be seen simply as an annoyance for an engineer designing catheters .	engineer
In the event either fails , the defenders can simply grab the ball from the stationary receiver , making this a dangerous ploy .	ball
In the case of long range magnetic order , this leads to the appearance of new Bragg reflections .	leads
Tippu 's promise was restoration of Zamorin country to Zamorin Raja on one condition – Zamorin must help him conquest of Travancore .	condition
A one-time model , Kane made his television debut playing Andrew Stevens in the soap opera , " Families " .	opera
Downing 's dog ) turns up , covered in red paint .	turns
He was the Whalers ' third-round selection ( 60th overall ) in the 1979 NHL Entry Draft .	selection
Because of his uncompromising and democratic attitude , Härle was under the constant scrutiny of the Nazi regime .	constant
Because of the tourism there are many mountain railways and cable cars in the mountains .	mountains
Painter , author and illustrator Rockwell Kent donated his collection in 1969 .	donated
After passing through farmland SR 224 enters West Richland and becomes Van Giesen Street , the main east-west thoroughfare of the city .	passing
Norton 's wife is shown as she decides to leave the border town to return to her home town of Cincinnati .	decides
She collaborated with friends on a number of writing projects , and engaged in travel and genealogical research .	engaged
Siegbert Tarrasch ( 1862 – 1934 ) stated the " rule " that rooks should be placed behind passed pawns – either yours or your opponent 's .	your
He had a supporting role in the film " Ice Princess " ( 2005 ) playing Tiffany 's father .	supporting
Mercantilist policies ( such as forbidding trade with other empires and controls over smuggling ) were a major irritant leading to the American Revolution .	policies
Every student has a faculty advisor who communicates with parents throughout the year and they serve as a primary liaison between student , family , and teacher .	faculty
Filming began in June 2014 and lasted till March 2015 , and the film had a theatrical worldwide release on 25 March 2016 to positive reviews .	lasted
Penny married Baroness Maria-Therésia Kotz von Dobrz in Austria on 7 January 1978 and together they have two sons and two daughters .	daughters
Augustus , however , is attracted to Ionius and spares his life .	attracted
That deal was severed in 2015 due to differences between the author and the publisher about the direction the book was going .	differences
The earliest known Irish Parliament met at Castledermot on 18 June 1264 .	earliest
The 3FM Awards are arranged by NPO 3FM and are decided by public vote .	arranged
Stetson discovered the Rhesus blood group system , which was found to be the cause of the majority of transfusion reactions up to that time .	blood
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales .	understanding
Usually most teams ascend the peak during December to March , the warmest period of the year .	peak
an average depth of , of shoreline and a capacity of .	depth
This gives it a ranking of 592nd in India ( out of a total of 640 ) .	ranking
The notion was introduced by Mumford to prove the existence of semistable reductions of algebraic varieties over one-dimensional bases .	existence
Also , individual courts and judges may make their own practice directions , especially in specialist types of proceedings such as in the patent court .	courts
This proposed budget must be considered by the Board no later than 90 days prior to the date of the election immediately preceding the fiscal year .	budget
Workpiece manipulators are mostly designed individually to meet the specific requirements of the welding equipment .	requirements
Donnelly worked as a driver development director for Comtec Racing in 2008 .	driver
Along with long-day plants and short-day plants , there are plants that fall into a " dual-day length category " .	category
The Nintendo logo at the bottom of the controller face was replaced with the Wii logo .	bottom
Four years later , he was unanimously elected to the position ; however , he declined to serve .	declined
In 1894 , Carrillo composed a mass that was locally successful .	mass
The school employed 27 teachers , yielding a student-teacher ratio of 15 : 1 .	teachers
To more fully utilize this contracted capacity , VNG constructed an LNG vaporization plant adjacent to its propane plant in 2002 .	adjacent
In early 2011 the band took a portable recording studio on an elaborate round world writing trip .	trip
He had 2011 hits in 7147 at bats .	hits
The song was performed as the Belarusian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 .	entry
When hostilities broke out in 1775 , he rejoined his regiment , retaining his seat in Parliament .	regiment
Of the adult population , 23 people or 8.4 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old .	adult
that exists at present was properly formed .	exists
In its original airing , the episode was number 75 for the week and received a 4.9 rating share .	rating
JR played football himself in his early years as a defensive player ( " I love to hit .	defensive
Based in New York City , it also has a foreign corporate office in Tokyo and sales offices throughout Europe , Asia , Oceania and the Americas .	offices
She cradles one baby herself and discovers mother love .	herself
By the 1950s and ' 60s , Reeves and his wife moved to the Guthrie Center area where papers often said he originated .	papers
This is called robbing the stock .	stock
The federal courts forced the D & RG to return the property it had illegally seized and ordered it into receivership .	courts
DTT was introduced gradually starting in 2007 , and by the end of 2008 , full coverage had been reached .	coverage
They lost the second leg 4 – 0 and were eliminated 4 – 1 on aggregate .	eliminated
Her whereabouts during this period or the reason for her disappearance have never been ascertained .	reason
In 2005 , FatCat expanded its set-up with the establishment of a US office in New York , and with the FatCat Publishing arm .	establishment
The proposal must include estimated revenues and expenditures and the proposed tax rates .	rates
The Samsung SGH-T100 is a dual-band GSM mobile phone manufactured by Samsung in the early 2000s .	mobile
In 2016 , Milani presented an exhibition of photography at the Aryana Gallery in Tehran .	exhibition
The rules for morra can be altered in several ways .	ways
Additions to the line up have included singer & musician Ian Bell , and also Jeff McClintock on keyboards .	musician
For transmission of audio , video , or text , H.323 devices utilize both ITU-defined codecs and codecs defined outside the ITU .	devices
Americium-241 is the most prevalent isotope of americium in nuclear waste .	nuclear
The JR Freight Class DF200 diesel locomotive and four of the container wagons in the train were derailed , but the lone 25-year-old driver was uninjured .	driver
This is different from an association , where an attribute of the dependent class is an instance of the independent class .	instance
The First National Bank of Wailuku issued 11,964 large size banknotes for a total of $ 97,800 in circulating notes .	notes
OSS Watch provides assistance to organisations , communities and projects including	assistance
Petey Williams , Chris Sabin , and Matt Bentley were the participants in this encounter , which spanned 13 minutes and 13 seconds .	seconds
Bee made 4 first-class appearances for Scotland between 1988 and 1993 , all of which came against Ireland .	first-class
In 1915 she started the Margaret Morris Club which became a center for discussion and the presentation of creative ideas .	ideas
Bishay spent 7 years at the London Broncos after joining from Hemel Stags .	joining
Failing to follow the plan can result in the person being readmitted to the hospital on a Form 47 .	follow
AR 247 runs east until forming a concurrency with US 64 to Atkins .	forming
The joystick 's internal potentiometers produced a changing voltage in X and Y as the stick moved .	internal
It contained general local , national , and international news .	contained
Since version 3.0 , the macOS port uses Cocoa and others use GTK .	port
Comm promotes midline crossing by down-regulating Robo .	crossing
In 1954 , France constructed a meteorological station and a landing strip on the island .	landing
At least the final minutes of the performance were filmed and can be seen on YouTube .	filmed
Others have suggested that the lack of imagination of such readers is precisely what is at stake .	suggested
It had no connection with Northumbria and was disbanded in 1961 .	connection
The video begins with a Jaguar XKR driving through the wreckage of a post-apocalyptic landscape .	driving
Other water storage facilities that are supplied with water from the river include the Bucca Weir and the Kolan Barrage .	storage
It is bordered by ( and often confused with ) the unincorporated area of El Sobrante , California to the north .	unincorporated
By early March of that year , it had been accepted for publication .	publication
This consists of a military pattern tunic and trousers in grey , a white shirt and black tie and black shoes .	pattern
Mashhad University of Medical Sciences operates with 8 faculties , 32 hospitals , 179 rural and 147 urban health centers .	operates
“ She better just stay in her lane because she ’ s going to get hurt . ” .	stay
The bases of the piers are square , with two octagonal stages above , and statues of angels on top .	stages
After spending the day on the beach , they are served drugged drinks and pass out .	beach
In May 1942 the Vichy government ordered the statue to be taken down , and the bronze sent to Germany .	bronze
Each operations division is commanded by a deputy chief of police .	deputy
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
In 2010 , an after market R / C throttle / choke has been developed for the .049 reed valve engines .	engines
Comes trouble — to wit , his one-armed psychotic young brother , Mr. Tryon , and a gang of greedy Reconstruction officials , Yankees .	officials
Both men stood for the consulship of 70 BC , even though Pompey was ineligible because of his youth and lack of service as praetor or quaestor .	stood
The following are some important historical dates :	dates
This means that students have a large offering of internships and projects to develop at the university or in a company .	offering
Given an event , the event and its complementary event define a Bernoulli trial : did the event occur or not ?	occur
In their first season in the Leinster Senior League , Orchard gained promotion to the Senior Division .	promotion
His wife and daughter would follow him some time later , and they would not arrive in Moradabad before 1857 .	follow
She argues that they undertook their research using a novel , previously untested methodology in order to confirm a predetermined theory about the age of these structures .	structures
This victory included multiple wins on the circuit .	wins
But they have a tremendous amount to do with " ' carrying forward an ever advancing civilization " . "	carrying
Meanwhile , Terri Coverley is on compassionate leave following the death of her father , leaving her role to Robyn Murdoch , a senior press officer .	press
The school serves students who experience a broad range of disabilities as identified under I.D.E.A .	broad
Dynamo 's fans rioted at the second leg , which resulted in the club being banned from Europe for the following season .	fans
She grew up around some Jewish practices , as her brother had a Bar Mitzvah .	practices
is fully grade separated from other traffic ) .	separated
Gigantornis eaglesomei was a giant prehistoric bird , described from a fragmentary specimen from the Eocene of Nigeria .	bird
The founders of the constitution were banished to Colombo and the constitution was amended to 84 articles in June 1934 .	articles
A fight breaks out between Angel , Wesley and Gunn , and the girls run in separate directions .	girls
The unique program features were then eliminated and the Lone Scouts transitioned to the standard Boy Scout program .	eliminated
The fort along with the adjoining Shalimar Gardens has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1981 .	fort
Lomax stopped at Auburn to wait for Stuart and dispatched scouts further east who soon discovered Brig .	stopped
It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period .	dating
Today , the nursery produces one million seedlings per year mostly for projects around Mexico City .	produces
Belle Union is an unincorporated community in Jefferson Township , Putnam County , in the U.S. state of Indiana .	unincorporated
It was electrified ( 750 V DC third rail ) by BR under the 1955 Modernisation Plan .	rail
Both Tunnels are now are being used by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey as storage space .	storage
Cyphoderia is a genus of marine cercozoa .	marine
They were soon joined by their other cousin , Jeff Cook ( lead guitar , fiddle , and keyboards ) .	cousin
The final cause was determined to be poor workmanship and materials of the original build .	determined
The Katir also ( " Kati " , " Kator " , " Kata " ) are a Nuristani tribe in Afghanistan and Pakistan .	tribe
Its title comes from a line in the poem " The Eve of St. Agnes " , by John Keats .	poem
His first wife died at the Great Witley rectory on 12 May 1902 , only seven months after the birth of their youngest daughter .	youngest
Together , the watersheds and rivers on the " Atlantic slope " account for 87 % of the country 's surface water runoff .	rivers
She was relieved of this duty on 24 April , though she remained in Oslo until 7 June .	duty
He 's got awesome funny chops and singing chops and we spotlight all his chops in the episode .	singing
After the launch of the National Rugby Championship , he was appointed as head coach of the Melbourne Rising team to play in the new competition .	launch
Odd Girl Out is a lesbian pulp fiction novel written in 1957 by Ann Bannon ( pseudonym of Ann Weldy ) .	fiction
Ultimately Jacob decides against having Nick come to Montana .	decides
Facilities include ; a purpose built children ’ s swimming pool , indoor and outdoor playgrounds and a baby gym for yoga and physical education .	purpose
As a result , Tank was sent to prison and since being released , has been unable to find work .	unable
" Play " was included on the concerts ' set list .	concerts
WWAB ( 1330 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting Urban Contemporary and Gospel music .	broadcasting
Finally , as a result of the Pinellas county introduction of Choice schools , 80 % of the school 's students come from throughout the county .	introduction
The 4015 was a 4014 with the APL card from the 4013 .	card
Treniota had been steadily increasing his personal power within the kingdom as he tried to spark an all-Balts rebellion against the Teutonic Knights and the Livonian Order .	increasing
On March 16 , 2016 , Ayres returned to the Clippers , signing with the team for the rest of the season .	signing
In 1973 the Nixon administration proposed the Harding Icefield – Kenai Fjords National Monument as part of the ANILCA legislation .	legislation
Following the attack , some , including Representative Mendel Rivers responded to the attack by calling for retaliation against North Korea .	calling
Carpels numerous , spirally arranged in a globose head , free , each with 1 ovule ; styles apical .	arranged
The " Hartford Courant " points to 1980 as a year when Adams started to gain greater attention for his achievements .	gain
Kathleen M. Richardson , ( born c . 1927 ) is a Canadian philanthropist and supporter of the arts .	arts
The SEI allows the aqueous lithium-ion battery to operate at higher voltages and self-discharge more slowly .	operate
Abdieski rose to fame after winning the first season of the TV show " X Factor " in Germany .	rose
Further events include : An annual coastal walk ; a reader Learn to Sail Day ; a day out at the De La Warr Pavilion .	coastal
When he confronts Wesley , he also threatens Wes to not pursue Fred , but Wes tries to dismiss the issue .	tries
They are perhaps the laziest creatures in the world .	perhaps
He founded Monogram Industries shortly after graduation .	shortly
However , during its brief run the show developed a devoted cult following .	brief
Sarah meets Brad Adamson , a law student who brings his 4-year-old son , Aaron , to the park .	meets
Before the trial , James Smith began to have these strange fits during which he exhibited inhuman levels of strength .	strength
The name comes from the color of the finished wood .	wood
He finished with 69 tackles ( 38 solo ) , 3 sacks , 4 passes defensed and his first 2 career interceptions .	passes
The names of the indicated stars were often engraved on the pointers in Arabic or Latin .	indicated
On 16 October , " Sea Isle City " was in Kuwaiti waters , waiting to be loaded .	waters
The election results in Utah are somewhat reflective of a nationwide political reconsolidation of base for the Republican Party , which took place through the 1980s .	somewhat
Briggs was reelected annually until 1850 against a succession of Democratic opponents .	annually
HUM TV has its own awards to appreciate and encourage the stars and personnel behind its successful soaps and dramas .	personnel
Italian Americans compose 21 % of South Philadelphia 's 163,000 people , and the area has numerous Italian stores and restaurants .	stores
Influenza , or flu , is a viral infection that affects mainly the throat , nose , bronchi and occasionally lungs .	occasionally
Ridker is best known for his work developing inflammatory biomarkers and anti-inflammatory treatments for cardiovascular disease .	developing
A connecting bus maintains a passenger service to East Richmond and Richmond stations .	passenger
A small village of forestry and farming situated just northeast of Aubusson , at the junction of the D40 , D39 and the D993 .	northeast
They built a powerful kingdom in the Alaniya area .	powerful
Machines took over the processes of primary drying , tea rolling , secondary drying , final rolling , and steaming .	processes
Trick plays attempt to cause the defense to commit to a play in order to leave them badly out of position for the play that actually develops .	defense
Optus markets LTE Carrier Aggregation as " 4G Plus " .	markets
It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period .	dating
Attendance at the first meeting was 48 but grew rapidly over coming years to reach 328 by the 1898 event .	rapidly
With his colleague Rob Evans , Leigh published a series of corruption exposures in " The Guardian " about international arms giant BAE Systems .	arms
IGBT mode of operation was first proposed by Yamagami in his Japanese patent S47-21739 , which was filed in 1968 .	filed
A tornado struck Marshalltown on July 19 , 2018 .	struck
Depending on the construction , the end of hub comes equipped with the splined teeth .	equipped
Preston has places of worship for people of a wide variety of religions , including churches of many Christian denominations .	churches
The next morning " Antelope " was able to float free without further aid .	morning
At age 16 , she was already performing with the Marx Brothers in shows including " The Cocoanuts " and " Animal Crackers " .	performing
He is best known for being the original guitarist of the Misfits .	guitarist
Sutcliffe 's popularity grew after he began wearing Ray-Ban sunglasses and tight trousers .	popularity
Advertisements for Tango attracted attention in the 1990s , when they became well known , for their distinctively bizarre and post modern tone .	attracted
Ban Phakeo Trekking is becoming more and more popular ( most travel agents in Phonsavan are offering tours now ) .	offering
St James is small church which is often referred to as a chapel , in fact it is situated on Chapel Lane .	chapel
A fatal accident occurred near St Germans just two days after the opening of the railway .	accident
New Zealand won the toss and chose to bat .	chose
Located in a classic building next to Turia Gardens and close to the bus station of Valencia .	classic
The FEF was called fusion 's greatest private supporter .	greatest
The 1932 – 33 Slovenian Republic League was the 14th season of the Slovenian Republic League .	14th
I also interviewed several kids about their hobbies , their classes , their opinions on popularity and life "	popularity
It was the centre of Huguenot seapower , and the strongest centre of resistance against the central government .	resistance
High school graduates who volunteer are required to serve one year , while high school graduates who draw red cards are required to serve two years .	cards
Ameeta Gupta praised Warsi 's performance in Deepak Shivdasani 's comedy " Mr. Black Mr. White " ( 2008 ) .	praised
In the Dragonlance series , the black rose is the symbol for Knights of Solamnia who have betrayed their ideals .	rose
logarithm base formula _ 9 of formula _ 10 ) lists .	lists
She performs it as if she was a perfect technical instrument , like a flute or a guitar " .	technical
Qualification rule : The first three teams in each heat ( Q ) plus the next two fastest overall ( q ) moved on to the final .	heat
The story follows Malcolm Gray ( Idris Elba ) taking sanctuary in a Brooklyn motel room as his mind slowly unravels .	mind
The Lavachakkaraj dynasty would rule over the region for about 500 years .	dynasty
Swindon stated they had secured Goddard 's signature ahead of a number of Championship and rival League One clubs .	ahead
Slater is one of the team ’ s most active community participants , regularly participating in the team ’ s organized community events .	regularly
The game-winning touchdown return was named " Best Play " at the 2014 ESPYs .	touchdown
The thrust of the Yaga is on 81 focal issues of social , national and international importance .	importance
as Clade # 33 , but relations within it were different , and they did not choose a name for it .	relations
High-intensity fire intervals in Douglas-fir forests in Wyoming average 50 – 100 years .	forests
It has a 2 MP camera just like the Rumor Touch and includes video recording as well .	camera
The physics quality can be lowered to work smoother on slower machines or can be turned off entirely .	entirely
Cohors secunda Delmatarum ( " 2nd Cohort of Dalmatae " ) was a Roman auxiliary infantry regiment .	regiment
Working outside the vehicle in non-pressurized suits would also be easier .	vehicle
The sixth generation F-series was introduced in 1973 .	generation
Robert L. Stern : " You can 't write that !	write
The editor-in-chief assigned five writers to work on the series , including the novelist Willa Cather as the principal author .	writers
Like " bún " ( rice vermicelli ) dishes , " bánh hỏi " is served cold .	cold
Kangta praised Kim highly in the show , saying that he had potential as a lead vocalist .	praised
He has collaborated with many distinguished mathematicians in many countries .	distinguished
Some designers have argued that commonly used features ( e.g. , a print button ) should be much more visually prominent than very rarely used features .	argued
Clássica Loulé is a men 's one-day cycle race which takes place in Portugal .	cycle
049 engines run well on a 5x3 to 6x3 prop .	engines
They are typically rented for formal events such as wedding receptions to increase the attractiveness of the chairs and decor .	formal
Qualification rule : The first five finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next nine fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the semifinals .	heat
This would make the long-term average 4.5 instead of 4 , so that over the long-term the value is closer to its actual value .	actual
Former Chinese President Hu Jintao , the Chinese Trade Ministry , banks , as well as telecommunications companies were also targeted by the NSA .	banks
MathStar the producer of FPOAs never posted a profit and the company decided to shut down production in May 2008 .	posted
Additional recreational facilities are located in the basement and school grounds .	grounds
Produced from 1993 to 1995 , the first-generation SVT Lightning was withdrawn as Ford readied the 1997 Ford F-150 for sale .	sale
In Jefferson County , 42 % have sought the property tax relief exemption .	sought
On 10 December 1068 , Alp Arslan accompanied by the kings of Lorri and Kakheti as well as the emir of Tbilisi again marched against Bagrat .	accompanied
The song was written for voice and piano , along with chords for guitar , ukulele , and banjo .	piano
" Ringgold " s first salvo struck the base of the sub 's conning tower .	struck
Tully ’ s public philosophy is not concerned with ideal conditions or hoped-for peaceful futures .	philosophy
The two tunnels are currently being used by the Port Authority as storage space .	storage
The 1980 New Zealand National Soccer League was the 11th season of a nationwide round-robin club competition in New Zealand football .	11th
The village sits aside an ephemeral stream that some have identified with the Salarus River which Ptolemy though was the site of Alexandria Carmania .	stream
Romanos also had an illegitimate son , the eunuch Basil , who remained influential at court , particularly during the period 976 – 985 .	influential
However , he suffered severe gun shot wounds .	severe
The Alexander grape may be extinct , and it is not known if any live material of the variety still exists .	exists
The site was re-occupied in late medieval times , when a new town was founded by Walter VI , Count of Brienne .	medieval
Musically , it was defined by critics as a multi-genre song including classic rock , country pop , gospel blues and Memphis soul .	classic
On the next play , Lamur blocked the Grant Mahoney 's extra point to give the Wildcats the win .	extra
The USA then went on to beat previously unbeaten Russia .	beat
This came about after Hornswoggle sued DX for emotional and physical distress due to them not allowing him to join DX .	allowing
She also had a transition element named after her on uneven bars .	element
It operated charter passenger services from Ukraine to destinations in Russia , Syria , Turkey and Germany .	passenger
During the 1993 State of Origin series Smith played from the interchange bench n Games 2 and 3 , both losses .	losses
, all vessels have been decommissioned .	vessels
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is competing at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in Moscow , Russia , from 10 – 18 August 2013 .	competing
Intercut with these scenes are Lopez dancing solo on a platform , later joined by back-up dancers .	scenes
In Overland , Stephanie Convery wrote : " Standing up for women 's rights is not just about calling sexism for what it is .	calling
The Califon School District serves students in public school for pre-kindergarten through eighth grade at Califon Public School .	eighth
The victims are high in Lusaka and Copperbelt provinces in spite of the provinces being the most urban .	victims
After rehabbing from his surgery , he joined the Cubs on August 1 and appeared in 23 games , all out of the bullpen .	surgery
In total , 69 goals were scored by 45 different players , with three of them credited as own goals .	credited
The Young Ones is a soundtrack album by Cliff Richard and the Shadows to the " film of the same name " .	soundtrack
He is stern and frequently reprimands Meenal for her inability to cry during sad scenes , therefore the inability to act well .	scenes
He made part of his living by sculpting Buddhist images and repairing art for Tiffany 's .	images
It also includes the myth on how Loki gave birth to Sleipnir , appearing in the Prose Edda .	appearing
Renowned male commentators such as writer Friedrich Freksa and costume historian Max von Boehn were granted a large amount of space in " Die Dame " .	historian
Bal Gopal Kare Dhamaal is an Indian drama television series which premiered on 22 December 2014 .	premiered
The 2013 tuition rates are elementary school - $ 7,437 , high school - $ 8,849 .	rates
Historically the station was an all-news radio format with both local content and programming from the Associated Press .	programming
When comparing to parallel parking :	parallel
The planes were not identified until they were less than 100 meters away .	meters
It was demolished in 1906 to allow the Prime Minister Richard Seddon to be buried on the site .	demolished
The most snowfall in a month has been in the famously cold January 1949 , and the most in a season from July 1951 to June 1952 .	cold
A popular MU student tradition is to rub Governor Francis ' nose before taking a test in order to get an A .	tradition
The party is wholly opposed to multiculturalism and wants Iceland out of the Schengen Area .	opposed
In 1999 , he criticized the Saskatchewan government 's decision to force thirteen-year-old Tyrell Dueck into cancer treatment .	criticized
He is unable , however , to avert a disaster : as Svetlana rushes to the party to find Anton , Yegor confronts her .	unable
In its original airing this episode was in a three way tie for 78th for the week with a 4.9 rating / 9 share .	rating
After the launch of the National Rugby Championship , he was appointed as head coach of the North Harbour Rays team to play in the new competition .	launch
From then on , the two league winners would meet in the Bavarian final .	winners
The company , founded in 1946 , started as a manufacturer of contacts in noble and rare metals .	rare
Athletes start with a qualifying round .	qualifying
He was also a visiting professor at universities in Turkey , Japan , Chile , Germany , Denmark , Sweden and Finland .	universities
The South Korean men 's national team is ranked 55th , while the women 's team is ranked 18th .	18th
The British Library also holds a collection of video recordings made by Steele in his home and studio between 1997 and 2011 .	recordings
The flow of Vltava culminated at 5300 m ³ / s , 20 % more than during the flood of 1845 .	flow
Oh , the show has its moments , especially when Homer ’ s criticism becomes more mean-spirited .	criticism
She was the star and the queen of these games by winning 6 gold medals and a silver medal .	medals
In 2014 , Drew Smith has wholly acquired the agency , changing of name from Lumen to Smith Lumen .	agency
It features a single main rotor , a single-seat open cockpit without a windshield , tricycle landing gear and a single engine in pusher configuration .	landing
Theaters is the number of theaters in which the movie is showing .	showing
The Super Kings ' campaign started with a loss against the defending champion Deccan Chargers .	defending
" Dscam " is predicted to be a transmembrane protein and a member of the immunoglobulin ( Ig ) superfamily of cell adhesion molecules .	protein
All the other sports that were not offered at the school the students could go participate and play for Perth Amboy High Schools team .	participate
In previous eras , the school had a reputation for academic excellence and it had a majority Jewish student body .	reputation
Sam is eventually left with a new appreciation for the intelligence Josh must use on a daily basis .	intelligence
Additional weaponry , vehicles and other , non-lethal military equipments were procured in the international black market .	vehicles
Although a general line of sight to the shot event is required , detections are sometimes available as the infrared flash event bounces off surrounding structures .	structures
Gigile defends Sivil to his death , causing the entire planet Rax to explode .	causing
More specifically , elision occurs in the following circumstances :	specifically
Flowers appear from November to April , forming in short panicles .	forming
The bantering tone of their exchanges in the filmthe healthy give-and-take and mutual respectbecame the basis for their on-screen relationship in subsequent films .	subsequent
Dystocia pertaining to birds and reptiles is also called egg binding .	birds
An example of the types of judicial lyricism that Justice Eakin is known for is this rhyme he wrote regarding a premarital contract gone wrong :	regarding
The reform program has been deemed successful by outside experts .	reform
These dragons , like the chromium dragons , were foul of temper , but subservient to iron dragons and their lord .	iron
" PAOK wins 2-1 on aggregate and advances to the UEFA Europa League Play-off round .	wins
The beggar raised his hands towards the heavens and said , " Allah !	hands
.and masters of procrastination and evasion , and might assume the cloak of simple people with no experience of the outside world .	simple
" Flight " added that on the following day she circled the flying field twice , " the turnings being made with consummate ease .	flying
All tracks composed by Rosie Gaines , Francis Jules and Dana Bailey ; except where indicated	indicated
It is now widely seen as a respected predator posing little or no threat to humans .	humans
Voice actors for these logs include Ashley Johnson , Phil LaMarr , Matthew Waterson , and Terra Deva .	actors
On both occasions , however , he was excused from any punishment ; it is believed due to his charm and wit as a comedian .	occasions
He returned to Australia in 1919 and became piano professor at the NSW State Conservatorium of Music , Sydney .	piano
As is common in resource-based communities , Thompson has experienced above-average employment income and significant swings in mining-sector employment throughout its history .	experienced
The first plane landed at the field in 1912 , but the airport concession was not obtained until 1955 .	plane
A total of 122 kilometres of roads were constructed at a cost of about , and 15 bridges in the town and the surrounding area at .	roads
According to Haami , half of all New Zealand-born Māori who arrived prior to 1971 are Australian citizens .	citizens
Minor party voters also had modest growth , increasing from 2.17 % to 2.37 % .	increasing
The beaches are protected by a series of shark nets and patrolled by lifesavers .	protected
It is located between Yoakam Point State Natural Site to the south and Cape Arago Lighthouse to the north , in the unincorporated community of Charleston .	unincorporated
" Phymatotrichopsis omnivore " thrives in humid warm weather conditions .	weather
In 933 Romanos took advantage of a vacancy on the patriarchal throne to name his young son Theophylaktos patriarch of Constantinople .	advantage
In addition to Ed McMahon 's famously hearty laugh , Henderson could also frequently be heard laughing on the track , as " Hoo-hoo-hoo ! "	heard
Slaughter hired Danny Self to run the business and eventually sold it to Self while keeping the real estate .	hired
partnership for economic development began in 1952 through President Truman ’ s Point IV Program .	partnership
Some argue that anti-LGBT prejudice is immoral and goes above and beyond the effects on that class of people .	beyond
On August 3 , 1950 , former Sergeant Carl G. LoDolce gave a statement to Army CID ( Criminal Investigative Division ) in Rochester , New York .	statement
Wagstaff became the eighth Wildcat to play 250 games for the club , and the sixth to play his first 250 games for Perth .	eighth
An open field system prevailed in the parish until 1768 , when an Act of Parliament enabled the enclosure of its common lands .	lands
Finn asks Tree Trunks if she would be willing to make apple pie for Princess Bubblegum 's musical concert , to which she agrees .	asks
The game followed Roman colonists as they spread through Europe , the Near East and North Africa .	spread
One of the new owners of the remaining Cox engine and parts inventory has launched a website with an online store .	owners
The PA subset includes “ a set of colorful pictures , presented in a mixed-up order , which the child rearranges into a logical story sequence ” .	sequence
The influence of Northern styles can be found in traditional Korean martial arts and their emphasis on high-level kicks .	arts
They also come to agricultural areas and disturbed areas .	agricultural
Toyota , Nissan , Isuzu ) has helped to dramatically improve the trade balance , with over 1 million cars produced last year .	improve
Metropolitan French public speakers such as politicians occasionally come across as stuffy or snobbish to certain Quebec Francophones .	occasionally
At the time , she led PROMETRA ( Association for the Promotion of Traditional Medicine ) , a US nonprofit focusing on traditional medicine .	medicine
Orlo is unable to convince Cook to give him his inheritance , yet Vanessa is happy that Orlo confronted her father anyway , and they elope .	unable
Dr. K. Sri Dhammananda was installed as chief monk of the Maha Vihara in Brickfields on October 8 , 2006 .	installed
It is thought that the King wanted a port in the district that was free from the control of the Earl of Chester .	port
There are some shipbuilding companies using SPMT for carrying ship parts and constructing ships in China .	carrying
She also took on James Scheiner , an architect , as an associate .	architect
The role of Charles Kingsley in the drama derives from a letter he wrote to Gosse senior , cited by Edmund , in which he stated :	cited
Others have drawn connections between " The Saimaa Gesture " and " Calamari Union " and the Finnish punk movement .	drawn
) , and Casio calls this method the Visually Perfect Algebraic Method ( V.P.A.M .	calls
His original songs and over the top performances drew crowds everywhere the band played .	drew
She lived in the Five Points neighborhood , and on McDowell Street between Edenton and Hillsborough .	neighborhood
If a project deadline was missed or if available resources changed , MacProject recalculated everything automatically .	resources
The landing gear includes telescopic spring suspension .	landing
The organization offers creative services , from video production to event planning .	planning
Fencing is often conducted through legal businesses .	businesses
Marathi is the most widely spoken language with Varli , Vadvali and Vanjari dialects .	spoken
Dreams the Mall , being developed by Satra Properties , is one of the biggest malls in Bhandup .	biggest
The play was a hit , and acclaim reached Caragiale despite the fact that he had refused to have his name printed on the posters .	printed
There were strict counterpoint rules that composers had to learn .	learn
In 1784 , after the meeting with Nguyễn Ánh , Siam sent an army consisting of between 20,000 and 30,000 troops and 300 ships to help .	consisting
At the end of the same school year , Howard placed a brand new copper statue of a lion overlooking the Stadium Field .	brand
There is conflict between the two groups , both hating the other .	conflict
It was built about 1800 , and is a two-story , four bay by three bay , Federal style frame dwelling .	frame
Scott provided details of his supposed seduction by Thorpe , a story which Winter assured his BOSS masters would destroy Thorpe and the Liberal Party .	details
Of these , " Odorrana " is so closely related to " Rana " proper , it could conceivably be included here once again .	closely
The early Salvation Army bands were known for their excitement and public appeal , and the modern ensemble keeps to this ideology .	bands
It switched to the frequency of 1030 kilocycles in 1925 .	frequency
As time went by the local stream was called Sobradinho Stream .	stream
Romain Humeau described the experience in these terms : " ' Le Temps des cerises ' comes first and foremost from a deep friendship .	deep
The performance lasted through at least September 11 .	lasted
Based on the system 's success , the police department decided to expand the program to cover nearly a quarter of the city .	quarter
Her work was showcased in the New York Times , as well as European reference works on modern art .	reference
A concept album , " Partum Vita Mortum " consists of three sections each with four songs discussing birth , life and death .	sections
Togo returned to the Paris Club in 1995 and received Naples terms , the club 's most concessionary rates .	rates
That is , more and more is produced for the purpose of market trade , rather than for own use .	purpose
He was elected member of parliament for St Albans at a by-election in May 1668 .	parliament
That night , Michael leaves Nevada after surviving an assassination attempt at his home .	surviving
When the tour reached Europe , tension was so high between the two musicians that they had a fight after a concert in Strasbourg .	musicians
The exterior panels contain both saints and donors ; the kneeling donors face inwards towards the center panel .	contain
Its distance from the Milky Way of 3.2 ± 0.2 Mly ( 980 ± 40 kpc ) means that Aquarius Dwarf is quite isolated in space .	quite
An episodic series was in works , and a teaser was uploaded on YouTube featuring Nagraj and his arch enemy Jadugar Shakoora .	enemy
Gladyr is a classic two-guard .	classic
It is grounded in African culture and focuses on the unique struggles , needs , and desires of African women .	needs
The lake is located in the western part of the Gąsienicowa Valley , at a height of 1686 m.a.s.l ..	height
NBC 's reaction was almost frantic : a battery of new shows like this one , featuring glamor and lots of big names .	reaction
Declaring a state of emergency , upon Presidential approval , entitles a state to federal assistance .	assistance
It included an introductory message by The Wiggles before the start of the movie .	message
Estrogen not only enhances transcription of the KCNN3 gene , but also affects the activity of K2.3 channels on the cell membrane .	gene
In 1978 , he completed a degree in biochemistry at Queens University in Belfast during the height of The Troubles .	height
The functions of the old agora were transferred to the Roman Agora , which was built around 100 metres east of the original agora .	functions
As at February 2017 , an extension from Carlingford to Epping was being investigated .	extension
The boys ' 110 metres hurdles competition at the 2010 Youth Olympic Games was held on 17 – 21 August 2010 in Bishan Stadium .	boys
Lotu Filipine ( born 27 August 1980 ) in Tofua , Tonga ) is rugby union footballer .	rugby
Bossert assisted national Republican Party chairman Will H. Hays and often traveled with Hayes around the U.S .	traveled
With its seven domestic gates , the terminal also eases congestion at Terminal 1 .	domestic
Rossi reaped the benefits in what refers to his standings lead , as his co-driver Hernández climbed to 3rd place by the finish .	refers
Prichard announced that the fans decided that Storm will be facing Lashley for the Impact World Championship .	fans
Aldo fractured his skull in a serious crash near the end of the season .	serious
There , he studied accounting in the School of Commerce before dropping out to pursue his business interests .	interests
At the time of the Partition of India , the then-Mehtar of Chitral , Muzaffar ul-Mulk chose to accede to Pakistan .	chose
Kory Grow of " Rolling Stone " described it as a " a big genre-bending , feel-good sing-along that really actually does feels good . "	really
Beth finally reveals the truth to Laura when she meets her at the station .	meets
Fred asks about Angel 's relationship with Buffy , curious because he left so abruptly to meet her at the end of the previous episode .	asks
The facility was fully operational in 2000 with the completion of the outfall tunnel .	completion
Longmorn station and its platform still survive and are in good condition .	condition
It ’ s certainly hard to get past my guard .	guard
Prince Racing is a Hong Kong auto racing team based in Wong Chuk Hang , Hong Kong .	racing
On June 3 , 2010 , the U.S. District Court of Northern Alabama charged Van der Sloot with extortion and wire fraud .	charged
On October 3 , 1959 the district was abolished and merged into Nevelsky District .	merged
In high school she showed interest in chemistry , as well as in artistic pursuits including painting , sculpture , and the harp .	artistic
The hill formed a refuge amidst the low-lying , fertile clay in the area , which is close to the river IJssel .	hill
This is supported by a 1909 dated sailplan in Goldfinch 's of Whitstable sailbook .	dated
He strived hard to promote this through his literature and work .	promote
Aged 23 , she married Joseph Gales , Sr. , a liberal reform supporter and abolitionist .	reform
One of the oldest coins discovered in Palestine was an electrum Greek Macedonian coin , dated to circa 500 BC , found at Tell Balata .	dated
Although , many other modern variants exist as well .	exist
In the early hours of August 26 , as the storm approached Haiti 's southwestern peninsula ,	storm
The camera was done by Ravi K. Chandran and editing by L. Bhoominathan .	camera
Around 8,000 fans lined the route through Pyrford , the focal point being Pyrford Cricket Ground that hosted an Olympics themed fete .	fans
He was ranked as the 25th best cornerback prospect in the draft by DraftScout.com .	draft
Meanwhile in a cave , the Trio kill a large Nezzla demon who is guarding the Orbs of Nezzla 'khan .	kill
Kristín was a squad member of Iceland women 's national team at UEFA Women 's Euro 2009 .	squad
The Alcaic stanza was adapted to use in English and French during the Renaissance .	adapted
Most wins by an owner :	wins
The work of Enrico Fermi was crucial in developing the atom bomb .	developing
Around 1997 , the comic received 10,000 visits per month .	comic
The information processing theories approach to the study of cognitive development evolved out of the American experimental tradition in psychology .	tradition
The Cherokee instituted their own slave code and laws that discriminated against slaves and free blacks .	laws
Saint Kitts and Nevis is competing at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in Moscow , Russia , from 10 – 18 August 2013 .	competing
Similar positions with the rook behind the enemy passed pawn are usually a draw , but not always .	enemy
In 1865 he accompanied Agassiz to Brazil in the Thayer Expedition .	accompanied
Konkani , is primarily written in the Latin script .	script
The winding mountain road , while of high standards , is very prone to avalanches and closures during the winter half of the year .	standards
In addition to using this phrase in later novels , Bertie makes an attempt to repeat it when talking to Nobby Hopwood in chapter 27 :	novels
This led to elective office , first to eight years in the North Carolina House of Representatives and ultimately to the U.S. Congress .	ultimately
After Holtz leaves , Lilah discovers a burnt piece of the scroll , which she takes .	piece
Albert 's successor at quarterback , Y .	successor
He made 7 further first-class appearances for Northamptonshire in 1988 , the last of which came against Derbyshire in the 1988 County Championship .	first-class
Elsewhere , a woman named Isabel Dodson commits suicide in a psychiatric hospital .	suicide
Most notably , the transmission weighs only .	notably
The logging itself was a winter activity and began with the first snowfall when roads and camps were built in the forest .	roads
In 2011 , Milat went on a hunger strike , losing 25 kilograms in an unsuccessful attempt to be given a PlayStation .	strike
The architect employed was Joseph T. Parkinson , son of James Parkinson who owned the Rotunda , opened in 1787 .	architect
It is a large three-section single story frame structure , built in 1935 to provide transportation services to the newly established Matanuska Valley Colony .	frame
The storm began a west-southwesterly movement that brought it closer to Jamaica .	storm
Clement made a first selection for his Museo Pio-Clementino at the Vatican before permitting export , with Jenkins and Hamilton acting as agents for Don Giuseppe Mattei .	selection
Drake used a sermon to make a speech laying down rules of conduct , with himself in sole command .	speech
A complaint against Culverhouse is being considered by the Police Complaints Commissioner as to his conduct in this matter .	matter
He helped the Bears overcome a 20-point deficit by recording 19 tackles and a forced fumble that was returned for a touchdown .	touchdown
The Green Bay Packers , then as now owned by a local civic group , had to issue new stock to remain solvent .	stock
For the effect on the Danes of Schleswig and events afterwards , see History of Schleswig-Holstein .	afterwards
Michaelangelo Matos of the " Chicago Reader " claimed it " suffered from compilationitis " , losing steam half way through .	steam
This result is the biggest gap between two teams in the Belgian Domestic League .	biggest
In 2013 caseable launched in both Russia and Australia and partnered with Zazzle , which produces the fabric for the iPad cases .	produces
Treatment of TB particularly relied on provision of well-ventilated , sunny wards , which influenced the design of this particular building .	influenced
The town post office contains a wax tempera mural , " Men Hoeing " , painted in 1941 by Eve Salisbury .	painted
The opposite operation is sometimes called " shelling " .	opposite
Sato , however , employed Western popular styles and light jazz in his film scores .	jazz
Located in the Western Galilee about east of the Mediterranean seaside town of Nahariya , it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Asher Regional Council .	falls
Among the notable out of print recordings reissued by Regis are selections from the back catalogues of :	recordings
This is done at the request of a justice of the Court of Appeal .	request
In the Netherlands and Norway these teams are distinguished by a " 2 " .	distinguished
There are youth in Tanzania that are entranced with Western culture and modernization enough to want to " become like them " ( the West ) .	want
Labyrinthite is the second dual-nature ( both zircono- and titanosilicate ) representative of the group after dualite and third with essential titanium after dualite and alluaivite .	representative
Multiple research studies have investigated the sexual attraction patterns of hebephilic and pedophilic men .	sexual
Rather , it is based on the complex analysis of the surface activity of the molecule as well as relative size .	relative
The link of the North-South Transnational Railway will run up to 137 km in Kazakhstan , 470 km in Turkmenistan and 70 km in Iran .	link
Vellacott later issued an apology , indicating that he did not intend to imply McLachlin had actually used the phrase " god-like powers " .	powers
It was rebuilt in a modern style in 2002 .	rebuilt
Males had a median income of $ 32,959 versus $ 22,109 for females .	versus
The regiment was probably raised by founder-emperor Augustus ( r . 30BC-14AD ) after 9 AD .	regiment
The war lasted from 104 BC until 100 BC .	lasted
In September 2001 , around 400 Chechen fighters and 80 Georgian guerrillas appeared in the Kodori Valley in extremely controversial conditions .	extremely
Borsonia zelandica is an extinct species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae .	marine
The official organisation for randonneuring is Audax Club Parisien .	organisation
At CD Veracruz he was part of the team that won two Primera División de México championships in 1945 and 1949 .	championships
Prophet Without Honor is a 1939 short documentary film directed by Felix E. Feist .	documentary
The fort had the following specialities which are listed along with their advantages :	fort
The manufacturers ' title was won by Citroën , ahead of Ford and Subaru .	ahead
So why is capitalism so strong in many countries that do not have excess natural resources ?	resources
The Crissy doll enjoyed immense popularity for over six years .	popularity
To his surprise , Smith finds that $ 10,000 is missing from their account .	missing
Areas in which Dreamwidth differs significantly from LiveJournal include the following :	significantly
( In commemoration of these treaties , Nova Scotians annually celebrate Treaty Day on October 1 . )	annually
Compared to other Bloodhound Gang albums , the musical style of " Hefty Fine " features a more prominent industrial-rapcore feel , with an electronica texture .	feel
The earliest known theatre in Póvoa de Varzim was built in 1793 in Campo das Cobras , location of all early theaters of Póvoa de Varzim .	earliest
But in his spare time , he propagates the view of the Middle East and its nations as hapless victims of Western imperialism .	victims
The 65 bars represent 130 bits ( or 39.13 decimal digits ) , grouped as ten 13-bit characters .	represent
He was capped twenty times for between 1881-88 .	twenty
Jürgen Habermas 's initial understanding of Marx came through Lukács 's work , while Tom Rockmore has described it as " brilliant . "	understanding
Herald sits at an elevation of .	elevation
The city 's founders are honored each year with a week long community-wide celebration named in their honor – the Sturgis Falls Celebration .	honor
The Union , always small , ceased to function in 1884 .	ceased
It was located southeast of Fort San Jeronimo .	southeast
During the occupation of Korea by Japan , the Japanese government enforced a policy of forced assimilation .	occupation
Ford introduced a dramatically new style of pickup in 1961 with the fourth generation F-Series .	generation
Mihos sued claiming that the Governor did not have the authority to fire them , and it was eventually brought before the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court .	authority
Bartolito tried the same and go with Manuela , but wasn 't fast enough .	fast
It was founded in 1984 and calls itself " Canada ’ s first microbrewery " .	calls
Zuism has spread considerably in Iceland by attracting members among younger , internet-connected , less Christian generations of Icelanders .	spread
In October 1941 the PCF decided to unify its armed groups into the " Organisation Spéciale " .	armed
Xeranoplium ruficolle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
On March 14 , 2018 , Coyle signed a three-year contract extension with the 49ers .	extension
The route from Middleton to Sudden was built by G. Freeman and Sons contractors at a price of £ 38,781 ( about £ 12m in 2016 ) .	price
Angel pulls his car up to the gate of a movie studio lot , following Lorne 's information that it is a psychic hot spot .	spot
He writes a column for the " Huffington Post " and co-hosts the " Secular Jihadists for a Muslim Enlightenment " podcast together with Armin Navabi .	column
This is the type of environment where carnivorous plants flourish .	environment
The award was never given again , as intertitles went out of common use due to the introduction of " talkies " .	introduction
Thus , both the male 's high-frequency calling and its stationary position leave it vulnerable to attacks by bats .	calling
In 1880 he was the manager at Normanton for James Burns & Co. and was mainly responsible for the company 's expansion in the North Queensland area .	expansion
He remains the afternoon drive host on 1010XL / 92.5 FM , which is generally considered Jacksonville ’ s most successful sports radio station ever .	drive
By the end of the year , Russo went missing and his body has never been found .	missing
She moved to California in 1888 and began studying at the State Normal School at Los Angeles ( now UCLA ) the following year .	studying
Macdonald was ordained in the Scottish Episcopal Church as a deacon in 1996 and as a priest in 1997 .	priest
" -tu " marks animate plurality ( except with some motion verbs ) .	motion
His attempt to win the prologue in central Paris in the centenary Tour of 2003 ended when his chain dropped off 500 m before the finish .	chain
Demand for land in the Southeast increased , as well as demand for slave labor in the Deep South .	demand
Villages consist of colourful wooden houses .	wooden
Affective responses , on the other hand , are more basic and may be less problematic in terms of assessment .	basic
Adults feed on the flower nectar of " Syringa " species .	feed
" My Little Chickadee " proved to be the band 's last hit .	proved
The mobile phone service provider licensing in Russia is under the control of Rospechat , the Federal Agency on Press and Mass Communications of Russia .	mobile
Most of her novels end with some type of romantic relationship , often marriage .	novels
It was first mentioned in 1573 as the village of Dedovo ( ) , which would turn into a bigger settlement in the 18th century .	18th
It is the part of consciousness that echoes the experiences of the previous generations that have brought the individual 's brain-mind to its present level .	experiences
In 2014 , he played in the Première Ligue de soccer du Québec with FC L 'Assomption-Lanaudière .	soccer
The trio founded the Red and Black Publishing House and its journal " Red and Black " .	journal
He was appointed as a member of the permanent court of arbitration at the Hague in 1931 .	permanent
The eldest daughter , Elizabeth , married the 13th Earl of Glencairn , her dowry being the estate of Ochiltree and a fortune in jewels .	13th
The 1984 Denver Broncos season was the team 's 25th year in professional football and its 15th with the National Football League ( NFL ) .	15th
In 2012 , Ala Younis co-founded the non-profit publishing project Kayfa ta ( how to ) with Maha Maamoun in 2012 .	publishing
It was not financially successful as its East Coast release took place shortly before the attack on Pearl Harbor .	shortly
One worldwide alternative is to submit heirloom seeds to a seedbank .	alternative
There was a particularly dramatic incident at Donington , on 3 July , in which No .	incident
Matthews has held various specialist posts on national newspapers in the UK , including technology correspondent for The Times and science correspondent for The Sunday Telegraph .	newspapers
Packed red blood cells , fresh frozen plasma , and platelets are generally administered .	blood
By 1835 , Batman prepared to sail to Port Phillip to explore the area .	prepared
He becomes distraught both that he attacked Buffy and that he backed off – something the pre-chip Spike would never have done .	something
Tuimavave was tackled high by Aaron Lester while he was grounding the ball .	ball
'The Reds ' clinched promotion back to the Premier Division thanks to 4 – 0 home victory against Finn Harps on 25 October .	promotion
Because of its vantage location , the village acts as a central place to nearby regions .	acts
The likelihood function of " n " is the same expression	expression
War would end if all mothers said they would not raise their sons as soldiers .	raise
This was the seventh PGA Tour title for Snedeker and the victory lifted him back in the top 50 in the World Ranking .	seventh
The river flow through ( or near ) the cities of Loncoche , Lanco , and Mariquina .	flow
He likes to employ the techniques Georges St-Pierre , whom he is a fan of .	techniques
The new division assumed both of its predecessors ' roles .	assumed
This application can be found in the field of electronics , particularly in the repair of transistor arrays for displays .	application
In some instances , the salute is accompanied with a shout of ' hallelujah ! '	accompanied
In many species , when the animal is active and crawling , part of the underside of the shell rests on the outer surface of the operculum .	animal
Colonel Hoegh was in a group that flew behind the Soviet lines in a Piper Cub to establish liaison with Marshal Ivan Konev 's advancing army .	establish
In addition , Regional-Express services run on the Nuremberg – Pegnitz – Bayreuth / Marktredwitz – Hof / Cheb routes with class 610 and 612 DMUs .	routes
Particularly cold storms have brought measurable snow as early as September and as late as May .	cold
Qu 'Appelle was a territorial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories , Canada .	electoral
Ilona bitterly confesses to having driven her husband to suicide , and is later found dead in her bedroom , killed with a syringe .	suicide
These were to be faster than the 1920s battleships , with a displacement substantially under the Treaty of Washington limits .	1920s
It was sold to Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Services but proved unsuited to the tough conditions in the Australian Outback .	proved
Lindsey tries to defend the law firm to Anne but the information Angel 's provided her worries Lindsey , and he discusses the dangerous possibilities with Lilah .	tries
Henderson played in all three elite round matches in May 2014 , although Scotland finished bottom of the group and failed to progress .	bottom
has negative effects on Nagraj weakening him temporarily cause it results in sudden drop of venom inside his body	negative
After leaving school at 15 he first worked as an office boy and a draughtsman , and then undertook an engineering apprenticeship .	engineering
Instead of trying to outbid each other they tendered jointly , and their tender was accepted in 1841 .	trying
Most Croats put candles or other objects such as apples in the middle of the wheat , with candles symbolizing the birth of Christ .	objects
Schweinburg practiced in the law courts of Vienna .	courts
A new batch of T-shirts was printed once the previous batch had sold out .	printed
Our Future " . , designed to translate earth and space science data and technologies into actionable knowledge .	knowledge
The whole Japanese army seems to be free to go and come as it pleases , and to do whatever it pleases .	seems
After starting the season on the lower rungs of the NFC North , Urlacher suffered several injuries that sidelined him for a majority of the season .	injuries
In 1995 he was shocked to learn he was the result of an affair between father , Bruce ( Ken Blackburn ) and Chris ' nanny .	learn
People who are infected may spread the disease even when symptoms are not present .	spread
Before 1714 , there was no settled practice regarding the use of the titles prince and princess other than the heir apparent and his wife .	regarding
Systems of controls can be referred to as frameworks or standards .	standards
Moreover , his " Vater und Sohn " characters have a statue in his hometown , where the figures appear on storefronts and tram schedules	figures
The only problem is that the drink has a secret ingredient that only Barney knows .	secret
Population : 29,365 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Bolotnoye accounts for 56.4 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
In all , the 8th listed forty-six men as killed or wounded .	wounded
The AHRC 's needle exchange program is also the largest and most comprehensive such program in the South .	exchange
At this meeting Dr. Bunn unveiled the rituals of the order and administered an oath to those in attendance to keep it secret .	secret
It satisfied two thirds of Europe 's copper consumption in the 17th century and helped fund many of Sweden 's wars during that time .	17th
On defense , had made 37 appearances at shortstop , four at second base and three at third base .	defense
The drivers ' world championship was won by Sébastien Loeb in a Citroën Xsara WRC , ahead of Petter Solberg and Markko Märtin .	ahead
Pupils dressed for dinner every night and special mention is made of the school 's " constant hot water " .	constant
A Calvinist , he held strong anti-Catholic views , and his career in the church had a long hiatus .	views
This was among the lowest participation rates in Pennsylvania .	rates
He received a secondary-school education , and afterwards travelled widely with Captain Shuttleworth , of Wanganui .	afterwards
He was rumoured at the time to be worth fourteen million pounds .	worth
With Norman Coop , he was co-founder of the 1990 Games Promotion Committee , which successfully bid in 1984 to stage the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland .	successfully
The newspaper also carries small summaries of local court cases for minor offences , while more major or unusual crimes often have a story to themselves .	unusual
It is thought to have been built in the 12th century .	12th
In March 1909 , then consisting of battlecruisers , it was assigned to the 1st Division of the Home Fleet until April 1912 .	consisting
It was the first residential school for the blind in Canada .	residential
Some of his other duties included , president of the Billy Sunday Business Men 's Club of Syracuse ; trustee of Syracuse University and Cazenovia Seminary .	duties
Despite being out of the race for 30 laps , he got out on track in the final stages of the race to score additional points .	stages
There is also a canal , which covers the whole park starting from one point of the pond and ending at the other part .	ending
In the end , Mr. Ratburn announces to the audience that he will be teaching Kindergarten , much to D.W. ' s dismay .	audience
The annealing temperature has a dramatic influence on the rate of recrystallization which is reflected in the above equations .	temperature
The use of interconnecting lines makes it possible to visualize interrelationships of the causes and resulting changes .	causes
before charging personally with pistol and sword drawn .	drawn
It was built at the end of the 16th century which is considered to be the golden age of the ghetto .	16th
He launched another appeal to the Northern Territory criminal court of appeal in 2013 .	criminal
The Morning Glory Wall sits in just past the Shiprock and is one of the busier walls in the park .	walls
The Ottoman garrison , a few-dozen startled soldiers and their senior officer , surrendered on the spot . "	spot
During this time , she began other projects focusing on art using photography as well as social documentary .	documentary
The institutions and rules devised by ancestors of the Three Dynasties should be complied with .	institutions
Dailey was born in Charlotte , North Carolina to a family of musicians .	musicians
During this time , Illa was featured on the cover of several publications , including Thrasher Magazine and Urb Magazine .	publications
On September 25 , 1911 , Wentworth opened its doors as a technical school to 242 students .	technical
A proposed but not yet enacted short bill with the same effect is the Republican sponsored Patients Act 2009 .	bill
Akchoté is of Serbian-French heritage .	heritage
The dramatic style of the building was the subject of much debate during the construction .	debate
Faced with failure , the Commander becomes agitated .	failure
Legrand did not only work in graphics ; he exhibited paintings at the Paris salon of the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts starting in 1902 .	paintings
The German 2013 Blu-ray edition is heavily censored , nearly three minutes shorter than the director 's cut .	heavily
The premise of wikiality is that reality is what the wiki says it is .	reality
She then begins sneaking under the DiLaurentis home and surveilling the residence .	residence
He was killed by a US drone strike in Yemen on May 6 , 2012 .	strike
The Great Depression caused severe economic hardship in Michigan .	severe
To the southeast it adjoins the Rio Madeira Sustainable Development Reserve .	southeast
Mountain locations used in production of the film included Crestline , Running Springs and Big Bear Lake .	locations
The FBI did not pursue the matter .	matter
It currently does not span any physical obstacle , since the flow of the river under it was diverted .	flow
Snedeker won the 2012 FedEx Cup and the $ 10 million prize after winning the Tour Championship .	prize
Scanned invoices can also be routed to managers for payment approval via email or an electronic workflow .	electronic
Because nitrogen and oxygen are lighter than the carbon-dioxide that makes the atmosphere , breathable-air-filled balloons will float at a height of about .	height
In spite of the varieties of commodities their values become magnitudes of the same denomination : gold-magnitudes .	values
While she looks impressive , " X. sonorina " rarely stings humans .	humans
In the 1980s the bases were laid for Inmaculada to be a modern and ecological school , that serves as model in Lima and Peru .	laid
Series creator Joss Whedon explains his decision to instantly bring Connor to adulthood : " What are you going to do ?	bring
The party was a supporter of greater self-government for the island , though the party was divided between those in favor of independence and those favoring statehood .	independence
The soft robot inspired by a roly-poly toy then reorientates itself into an upright position after landing .	landing
Its natural habitat is dry savanna .	habitat
It has one runway designated 3 / 21 with a concrete surface measuring 5,000 by 75 feet ( 1,524 x 23 m ) .	concrete
Beijing Normal University was selected to be a Project 211 institution in 1996 .	institution
There is also a tent-only campground for overnight visitors .	visitors
The artillery range was thus increased from to .	artillery
The point of these sub-plots was to contrast two possible outcomes of Trina and McTeague 's life together .	contrast
Upon joining the club , Basham was given number six shirt for the new season .	joining
Some other social sciences , such as geography or anthropology , have adopted the concept of affect during the last decade .	decade
Finishing her thesis enabled Lambin to begin teaching natural sciences in the university .	begin
power output is 25 Watts of CW power .	output
Katzenberg headed the new division , while Spielberg and Geffen remained on board as investors and consultants .	headed
Some fittings for wooden interiors include very delicately patterned polychrome falcons in faience .	wooden
Back in the US , Corman made " " ( 1963 ) , a contemporary science fiction for AIP starring Ray Milland .	fiction
Along with each tie , members of the club were to receive a golden tiepin with the three letter abbreviation of their club amino acid designation .	acid
The 1997 F-250 HD with the 7.3 Powerstroke Diesel is also the rarest and most desirable of ninth generation Fords .	generation
He was a conservative critic of former PC Premier Jim Prentice , calling him a " tax and spend liberal . "	calling
There are two flight training schools operating out of the airport one for fixed wing and one for helicopter .	fixed
Richard presented to the Corporation of Barnstaple " a great boale with its covering , wrought in silver and a silver-gilt table lamp " .	covering
He returned to Randwick in 1978 and remained there as parish priest until 1985 , after which he went on a sabbatical .	priest
He extended the house and planted trees , including a row of " Araucaria araucana " ( Chilean pine ) which still stands there today .	stands
On 5 December 2013 , Kaiser Chiefs released a song titled " Misery Company " onto their SoundCloud account .	onto
The track " Re-Evolution " for example is an ambient dance song , with spoken word .	spoken
Air pressure against the ventral surfaces of the wing membranes is greater than that against the dorsal surfaces ; this helps to maintain a smoother camber .	maintain
Advertisements invited readers to visit his Museum of Musical Instruments and Mechanical Inventions at No .	invited
Henderson regained his place in the XI in early January and scored an excellent left-footed strike against Hamilton Academical on 17 January 2015 .	strike
After the reading of their father 's will , which favored Helen , the brother and sister were estranged for the rest of their lives .	reading
He moved to Enugu and began to work on his administrative duties .	duties
According to retired Battalion Chief Wesley Augustus Williams , " Nicholson did not work as a firefighter but was assigned to take care of the horses . "	horses
One common sex toy is the specially-designed G-spot vibrator , which is a phallus-like vibrator that has a curved tip and attempts to make G-spot stimulation easy .	attempts
Following the differences mentioned with Salas , on 15 July 2014 , Labrín moved to San Marcos de Arica where played all the games of the season .	differences
In the ten years he has raced , Meadows has notched up 31 career wins .	wins
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " GH " , the third-highest of eight groupings .	classified
Following a brief assignment in Germany , Sister Gavrielia was sent back to India , where she remained for three years .	brief
The song serves as the opening track to the soundtrack of the 2006 film " It 's a Boy Girl Thing " .	soundtrack
Many biologics , skin substitutes , biomembranes and scaffolds have been developed to facilitate wound healing through various mechanisms .	skin
Some of the recognised techniques of Japanese ceramic craft are :	techniques
The dominions largely had freed themselves and began their own foreign and military policies .	policies
In the course of his career he won five Austrian championships with Feldkirch and one with Linz .	championships
He started a 16 / 1 outsider and made little impression , finishing sixth of the seven runners behind Mastercraftsman .	finishing
This perch hunting strategy is a low-energy method of acquiring their food .	strategy
The ground floor of the former increased the glazed veranda conservatory and converted into a restaurant here .	restaurant
City fiscal concern over firefighters ' pensions rose during 2010 .	rose
The stanza reads ( " Ýdalir " is here translated as " Ydalir " ) :	translated
described 4 patients ( including 2 sibs , a male and a female ) with clinical features very similar to those reported by Dionisi Vici .	patients
Clyburn negatively viewed Bill Clinton 's remarks regarding Barack Obama winning the South Carolina primary .	regarding
The surface of the lake was about above present day Lake Champlain , and was up to deep .	deep
Today the Center hosts many touring plays and performances by the Kentucky Opera and the Louisville Ballet .	hosts
Upon learning the episode depicted Juggalos , he later claimed to be angry that his music was used .	learning
Shha represents the voiceless glottal fricative , like the pronunciation of in " hat " ; and is used in the alphabets of the following languages :	represents
He committed to Ohio State in July 2006 and was ranked as the No .	committed
It is similar to GNU Mailman and Majordomo but only works with the qmail mail transfer agent .	transfer
The creek is formed 32 miles from Callaghan , Texas and runs southwest for until the creek connects to the Rio Grande .	southwest
The UAE and Thailand have signed a memorandum of understanding aimed at protecting the rights of Thai workers living and working in the UAE .	understanding
It has an estimated population of 307,004 inhabitants for 2008 .	inhabitants
They talk about Wesley and Gunn , who are investigating a Nyazian scroll that could forecast the end of the world .	talk
Free throw attempts , 6-game series : 93 , vs. Indiana Pacers , 2000	attempts
He has also written several books and articles .	articles
With the proclamation of the new Socialist Republic of Macedonia , there were started measures that would overcome the pro-Bulgarian feeling among the population .	measures
When his best friend Janakaraj asks about his past , his mother tells his story .	asks
He was exclusively featured by the documentary series " Made By Russians " for his work in the space industry .	documentary
The white lines serve to emphasize the blocks of muted colors which are the print 's main pictorial elements .	blocks
According to him , two thirds were Ukrainian citizens .	citizens
1983 Elfsborg would make their penultimate appearance in the UEFA Intertoto Cup , when they stood against the teams TJ Vitkovice , Trakia Plovdiv and Eintracht Braunschweig .	stood
Special guest on drums for the tour and for the RMX video of " Technocracy " is Prong 's drummer Art Cruz .	guest
In the 1976 New Year Honours Hesketh was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire ( MBE ) for his services to rugby league .	rugby
( 1597 ) , is entirely devoted to combating the opinions of Cesalpino , as the play on the name Cæsalpinus shows .	entirely
Cornwall Hill College has 4 prominent houses , all having roughly the same number of pupils .	roughly
The team then was eliminated in the first round by Dinamo București despite winning the first leg .	eliminated
Again each differing slightly in displacement and power .	slightly
Yet many early adopters are confident that BIM will grow to play an even more crucial role in building documentation .	grow
Pisew Falls Provincial Park , located south of Thompson on Highway 6 , offers the chance to view Manitoba 's 2 highest waterfalls .	chance
His brother Amédée also served in the Quebec assembly .	assembly
Paul Evans is a vertically integrated menswear brand that sells its Italian luxury footwear internationally directly to the consumer .	brand
These flavors are no indication of freshness or safety of the fish , but they make the product unattractive to consumers .	safety
Also , another favorite song of mine .	mine
In his honor , the NFL named the NFC Championship trophy as the George Halas Memorial Trophy .	honor
Activity was found throughout the infected zone and not just the wound site ; therefore , fungal growth and proteinase activity have a direct relationship .	zone
In October 1984 , India toured Pakistan for the third time in six years .	toured
He did not bat or bowl in the match , as Gloucestershire reached their winning target of 58 runs with nine wickets to spare .	target
This is spoken of in terms of culture and science .	spoken
Court documents are said to show that he owes about $ 9.4 million to creditors .	documents
It is said the Empress visited the Ürményi family and the portrait had been created in memory of her visit .	memory
In addition to serving the community with several medically oriented groups , EVMS students and faculty are very active in general service .	faculty
Those principles are integrity , questioning attitude , level of knowledge , watch team backup , and formality .	knowledge
" It made me feel like I owned the songs a lot more .	feel
Lamprey and Spitchcock enter and ask to borrow some money , Dampit denies them .	enter
However , he still managed to make the Pro Bowl and earn first-team All-Pro honors by the AP as a defensive end .	defensive
It was chartered as a two-year junior college in 1967 .	junior
The 2346 images of the project were then assembled using Kolor Autopano Giga software .	images
As president of Babson , Healey has worked to expand the college 's global reach .	global
After remodeling in 2015 the tables and captures of the exhibition are now in English and German language .	exhibition
He undertook many studies of Kurdistans economy , including the petrolium industry .	economy
The cover features Voltaire 's face as a doll or a skull on a black background .	background
In the early 1920s Goddard left his wife and children and began a relationship with Gladys A. Reichard ( 1893-1955 ) , which continued until his death .	1920s
The CPB ( MLM ) calls for a New Democratic Revolution and the overthrow of the Bhutanese monarchy and the House of Wangchuck .	calls
The venue was initially known as Broxbourne White Water Canoe Centre and later officially named Lee Valley White Water Centre .	venue
Carl Brinitzer from the German BBC service tried to interview him , and thought he had an imbecile before him .	interview
The Astronomical Observatory of the institution and the Image Processing Laboratory ( IPL ) are also housed at the park .	institution
A list of the most notable honours the agency received when still was known as Lumen :	agency
Following the conclusion of his professional basketball career , Closs enjoyed over 35 years of success in the sporting goods industry .	goods
Cordelia gets a vision about a woman in a library and a portal opening up behind her .	gets
Elements of the agreement specifically relevant to Parliament included granting all three parties the right to appoint one minister who is not a Member of Parliament .	specifically
The position of mayor in Omaha is officially a non-partisan position .	mayor
The GMSK coded data should frequency modulate the VHF transmitter .	frequency
Any conviction in a criminal case can be taken to a court of Appeals for judicial review .	criminal
The Bandolero car engine is a Briggs & Stratton 570cc Vanguard engine mounted behind the driver .	driver
The Kerguelen hotspot , located more than 1,000 km from the SEIR , also influences the MORB composition of the SEIR near the ASP Plateau .	composition
They keep the eyes from drying out when asleep .	eyes
This was elaborated in more details in a working paper .	details
In qualification , each athlete jumped three times ( stopping early if they made the qualifying distance ) .	qualifying
The D.C. Department of Parks and Recreation maintains the city 's of athletic fields and playgrounds , 40 swimming pools , and 68 recreation centers .	fields
Details of such investigations become public only if lawsuits are filed ... " , and suits are not anticipated in this case .	filed
The City of Rockledge functions under a Council-Manager government .	functions
The MCDDI , led by Bernard Kolélas , signed an electoral alliance with Sassou Nguesso 's Congolese Labor Party ( PCT ) in April 2007 .	electoral
It received funding from government ’ s Knowledge Transfer Partnerships ( KTP ) in conjunction with UWE .	funding
In December 2005 he took over Cypriot club Omonia Nicosia and stayed there until January 2007 .	stayed
She plays 20 classical compositions of Heitor Villa-Lobos , Maurice Ravel , Johann Sebastian Bach , Frédéric Chopin .	classical
TS Govt is planning to make this plant operational within 3 years.Plant construction is by Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited .	planning
Wandering Spirit , the war chief leading the Cree military campaign , surrendered to authorities at Fort Pitt .	authorities
Free throw attempts , 4-game series : 68 , vs. New Jersey Nets , 2002	attempts
The median income for a household in the township was $ 92,730 , and the median income for a family was $ 93,619 .	township
His daughter Núria Mediavilla and son José Luis Mediavilla are also dubbing actors .	actors
Steamship Princess Victoria was a luxury passenger ship built in 1902 and operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway Company .	passenger
This species occurs in the tropical Western Atlantic , from Florida to the Virgin Islands , including the Gulf of Mexico and the Bahamas .	tropical
As Cheng was in a serious relationship at the moment , he declared that he did not cheat on his girlfriend .	serious
Finally this dispute ends with an economic agreement and the subsequent commitment Kramer to tone down imitations Jordi Castell .	subsequent
Her poetry appears in " Entropy " and " Everyday Genius " .	poetry
Savitribai Jyotirao Phule ( 3 January 1831 – 10 March 1897 ) was an Indian social reformer and poet .	poet
The completion schedule for each funded interchange and roadway is as follows :	completion
It is also home to one of two newly discovered yellow supergiant eclipsing binary systems .	yellow
Producer Larry Butler told another version of the event in a 2006 interview .	interview
It delivers service to more than 277,000 residential , business and industrial natural gas customers in New Jersey , making it he state 's smallest energy provider .	residential
In the absence of high temperatures , high pressures , metal catalysts or UV light , biotransformation plays the dominant role in environmental alkane degradation .	environmental
In ML beamformers the quadratic penalty function is used to the spatial covariance matrix and the signal model .	signal
It accelerated northeastward over cooler waters with sea surface temperatures below 75 ° F ( 24 ° C ) .	waters
Can be continued , but points scored from one game cannot carry over .	carry
An expedition was set up to go to Poopdeck 's home on Barnacle Island , which included Toar the caveman and Olive Oyl .	expedition
A Marshal of France displays seven stars and is equivalent to a six star general in armies of other countries .	equivalent
The automobile fits inside the space , either by parallel parking , perpendicular parking or angled parking .	parallel
The candies were sold in the markets twice a week ; Esther going to Hollins and Louis to Bel Air .	markets
For Adeang , the step was one which he had been advocating for several weeks .	step
The sport is especially popular in Eastern Europe .	sport
Parfinsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
When the microbrewing industry declined , Frederick Brewing Company went with it .	declined
The children associate these emotions to the objects based on how they currently view the world around them .	objects
The initial national bank notes issued in 1900 were signed by bank president Cecil Brown and cashier W.G .	notes
Television replays and technology cast doubt on the umpires ' decisions to dismiss Cowan and Michael Hussey caught behind on the first day .	caught
Both " The Godfather Part II " and its predecessor remain highly influential films , especially in the gangster genre , and the former has been reevaluated .	influential
This service is the core product .	core
Computing the convex hull means that a non-ambiguous and efficient representation of the required convex shape is constructed .	shape
The Barony of Beith had been given to the Kilwinning monks by Richard de Morville 's wife towards the end of the 12th century and the monks	12th
The string is then laid across the surface to be marked and pulled tight .	laid
It ceased all service to Europe .	ceased
In 2016 she was mountaineering in Ecuador when another 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck .	struck
The album 's biggest hit was the third single " Femininity " , which was directed by a then-unknown Francis Lawrence .	biggest
" Thiobacillus denitrificans " uses oxidized forms on nitrogen as terminal electron acceptor instead of oxygen , and " A. ferrooxidans " uses ferrous iron .	iron
He started as an apprentice to Afrika Bambaataa , from whom he learned the art of remixing tracks .	learned
This includes things like email , fax , or a watched folder .	things
Notwithstanding his reputation as a cumbersome skater , Stewart was used as a defenseman by the Maroons in his rookie season before making the transition to centre .	reputation
After this , all the boats that were following Columbus leave .	boats
Indigenous peoples in Paraguay , or Native Paraguayans , include 17 ethnic groups belonging to five language families .	ethnic
In parallel , his foreign roots came to the attention of his adversaries , who used them as arguments in various polemics .	parallel
The position marked Minaj 's fourth top twenty of her career on the chart .	twenty
That is once again , a picture of one of the towers of the World Trade Center .	picture
Wilsonville Station is connected via buses to residential and employment zones in the city .	residential
His participation in the hearings raised his profile outside of the legal realm and he became a target of right-wing critics .	target
The six publications involved were	publications
" Bactris campestris " grows in small , multi-stemmed clumps .	grows
Furtwängler refused to participate in the propaganda film " Philharmoniker " .	participate
He was elected to the Legislative Yuan as a representative of Taichung County in the 1998 elections .	representative
While visitors can walk around them , they can no longer climb them or go inside their chambers .	visitors
Later , an IRA volunteer fired 15 shots at a British soldier who was firing plastic bullets at rioters in Ardoyne .	fired
In 2002 , the river overflowed causing flooding of a major highway .	causing
As a way to tie all of these Everglades projects together , he became a member of the four-team expedition group , the Florida Wildlife Corridor Expedition .	expedition
After his loss to Rocky , Drago was disgraced by the USSR and Ludmilla left him to raise their son , Viktor , on his own .	raise
In June 2015 , " The Herald " reported that Clyde 's preferred option was to return to Glasgow , sharing with Shettleston Juniors .	option
Structure 34 is in the West Group , at the eastern corner of Terrace 6 .	corner
On " Day to Day " , a program on American NPR , host Alex Chadwick discussed " the literary fascination with the Knights Templar . "	literary
The policy at that time dictated only Hungarian names could be used , so they are both shown as " " István " " in Hungarian documents .	documents
Some are large and tall , others are relatively small .	tall
Peterson argues that this is because the Nadir felt responsible for the Qurayza 's fate due to the role of their chieftain in the events .	felt
The Viceroy did everything in his power to aid the many victims .	victims
Ran and Miki delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	delivered
He was governor of Cuba in 1760 at the time of the death of the previous viceroy , Agustín de Ahumada .	governor
He wants to be part of the show as an actual wrestler .	actual
His paternal grandfather Shmuel served as a senior commander in the Israel Border Police .	commander
He created many important maps , including one of the first printed maps of the world to depict the Americas after Christopher Columbus ' voyages .	printed
In 1905 he founded the Bureau 's radiometry section , and headed it for 40 years until his retirement in 1945 .	headed
In 2013 NSW Education Minister Adrian Piccoli expressed grave concern at the school 's HSC curriculum .	expressed
It included hits like " Bad Moon Rising " by Creedence Clearwater Revival and " Somebody 's Watching Me " by Rockwell .	hits
Compared to other inmates , those placed in the CMU have little contact with the outside world .	contact
Thus programmers can use the APR to make a program truly portable across platforms .	platforms
Leonard Lee Ratner ( 1918 – 2000 ) was an American businessman who built his fortune through mail-order sales before moving into real estate investment .	investment
On a large scale Graviton could exert his gravitational control over a maximum distance of from his body .	scale
In 1964 he married Jane Piggott and together they have two daughters , Louise and Susy .	daughters
It is also responsible for securing funding for SPTO ’ s activities .	funding
These kind of arsons also occurred in Cincinnati in 1829 and through the 1830s in Philadelphia by white mobs .	kind
It slowly acquired tropical characteristics , and late on December 10 , the National Hurricane Center declared it Subtropical Storm Olga while just north of Puerto Rico .	tropical
Ripley had been asked by church proprietors to avoid controversial topics in his sermons .	avoid
They are sometimes credited as The Meltones .	credited
Colors that are taken from Älvsborgs regemente , Elfsborg would not only represent a city but a whole region .	represent
Despite the fact that different national action weeks developed throughout time , all focus around 21 March and are related in their message .	message
Soon afterwards he entered commercial life , which he followed until his death on 11 November 1923 .	afterwards
Deborah Evans Price , of " Billboard " magazine reviewed the song favorably , saying that the song has a " south-of-the-border Bo Diddley feel . "	feel
Sykes 's Corps fought with distinction on the second day of the subsequent Battle of Gettysburg on July 2 .	subsequent
The opening and ending themes respectively are and , both performed by every ♥ ing !	ending
When the train 's TPWS receiver passes over the first loop a timer begins to count down .	passes
The township was named for James Alexander , who served as New Jersey Attorney General .	township
The club began the new 2nd division season with an 18-point deduction due to violence following their relegation and was consequently relegated to the regionalised 3rd division .	violence
Within a short period of time , Gea World has earned a high importance role being a top consultant of international corporations and star football clubs .	importance
He also rides on a flying snake named Sarpat .	flying
Following the Test series , The T20I series was held which was drawn 1 – 1 .	drawn
Medical colleges affiliated with the university , :	affiliated
It is the longest-running improvised show currently performing in Chicago .	performing
In 1900 , he became assistant professor of political economy , becoming full professor in 1904 .	economy
Three companies of Carro di Tespi drammatico , started in 1929 for non-operatic stage works , also existed .	existed
In some of the wine cellars there was also a hand mill ( " žrna " ) for the everyday grounding of grain .	mill
Like Socrates , he was always surrounded by youth .	surrounded
In February 2002 , extortionists attempted to kidnap Mpanza and her baby Lifa twice at Inanda .	attempted
It is added to fuels not intended for motor vehicles in amounts of 6 mg / L or 7 mg / kg under the name Euromarker .	vehicles
It was not repeated until 2005 as part of BBC Four 's Potter season , marking the tenth anniversary of his death .	anniversary
During the nineteenth century the Convention was a lively focus for debate and experiment around photography .	debate
Tessa Humphries is an Australian actress , best known for her appearances in television soap opera .	opera
For much of the twentieth century it was noted for its large salt mine .	mine
He at one time owned " The Mining Journal " , selling it in 1868 to Alfred P. Swineford , and owned the Upper Peninsula Brewing Company .	selling
The Omani invasion began a period of political instability and a quick succession of outside rulers took power with consequent destruction .	invasion
Okulovsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
John arrives at Isobel 's place and sees that Isobel kidnapped Jeremy .	sees
Other Wei armies also prepared to attack Shu from the Xie Valley ( 斜谷 ) or Wuwei Commandery .	prepared
All fans , however , have currently declared a truce due to the war in Eastern Ukraine .	fans
It is on the World Health Organization 's List of Essential Medicines , the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system .	effective
Ilyukhinite is the second group representative with species-defining hydronium ion after aqualite .	representative
The Human Race Machine was conceived as an interactive tool for the resolution of humanity ’ s racial issues .	racial
and the underflow statement and neither of these 2 .	statement
Víkar ( pronounced ) is an abandoned town in the Faroe Islands on the north coast of the Island of Vágar .	abandoned
It is the only remaining component of the Palace of Whitehall , the residence of English monarchs from 1530 to 1698 .	residence
The industrial activities dedicated to the processing of agricultural product increased ; windmills and a liquor distillery appeared .	agricultural
Ingrid and Franz go there as well for the same reason .	reason
He was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-second Congress in 1930 and was re-elected three times before declining nomination in 1938 .	nomination
James regarded all Lennox 's family with great affection , and instructed his son Charles I to do well by them .	regarded
The auditrium , named after Sepahy Mostafa Kamal ( Bir Sreshtho ) , has a modern stage , audio visual effects , and lighting facilities .	visual
Other ferry services link the Zanzibar archipelago and Tanzanian ports .	link
As of the census of 2010 , there were 4,950 people , 1,884 households , and 1,383 families residing in the city .	residing
ACBA maintains a low student-to-faculty ratio to ensure the highest standards of quality in its programs .	standards
The Logba people live in the Volta Region of Ghana , east of the Volta Lake in the mountains of the Ghana – Togo borderland .	mountains
These are astronomical dates , so they are given in the astronomical format of Year Month Day , which allows them to be ordered .	dates
After the closure of the Ikebukuro Annex , Gaba 's Japanese classes , " Jaba " , relocated there also .	relocated
An enraged Bain then threatened her .	threatened
The IGBT is used in medium- to high-power applications like switched-mode power supplies , traction motor control and induction heating .	applications
Casting is creating the form by melting .	creating
Born in Accra , Donsah made his senior debuts with local DC United Agogo before signing a contract with Palermo .	signing
It featured the largest prize pool in console esports history , with a total of $ 2,500,000 USD on the line .	prize
The runway officially opened in December 2009 with the landing of nine aircraft .	landing
Thou Art Lord are currently signed to the underground label Nuclear War Now !	underground
Hervías ' father , Eloy , played football for CD Logroñés and also acted as a referee .	acted
His initial work was to develop the positions of the party and draft policy proposals for their party 's congressional representatives .	draft
In the rooms sit 7-meter-high wooden-carved niche covers .	rooms
The altar and reredos was made from a drawing done by the architect , Alexander Scoles .	architect
They followed the boundaries of existing poor law unions formed in 1837 , less the areas of urban sanitary districts .	existing
Joining the Communist Party of Great Britain ( CPGB ) in 1922 , Abe Moffat was active in a variety of ways .	ways
Writer David Fury was pleased to write for Faith 's character again : " I love her voice .	write
At the moment there are 3,500 full-time students and 279 academic members of staff .	full-time
He received an Academy Award nomination for it .	nomination
During the terrible aeroplane accident of 2002 in Überlingen , Salem Students were some of the first at the scene .	accident
Lucre tells Sam that he should follow Witgood 's example and find himself a wealthy widow instead of wasting time on Joyce .	follow
In a 2007 tribute exhibition , 14 Sardian artists reinterpreted his works .	exhibition
Lee Smith set the single-season National League record for saves in 1991 and was on pace to break his own record in 1992 .	break
The gardens were originally designed in 1667 by André Le Notre as an extension of the Jardin des Tuileries , the gardens of the Tuileries Palace .	extension
The area was very isolated before the railway opened , with the only road crossing to reach the area over Morecambe Bay .	crossing
It was rebuilt in the 19th century as a country house , which has now been turned into the luxury " Ruthin Castle Hotel " .	rebuilt
1 ° indicates the high flat tone .	flat
When threatened , it raises its tail warningly over its back like a scorpion .	threatened
The original brewhouse is located directly under the Granville Bridge that crosses False Creek into downtown Vancouver .	downtown
Oil Blue 35 is a blue anthraquinone dye used for colouring alcoholic and hydrocarbon based solvents , including oils , fats , and waxes .	blue
22 of the 44 seats were contested .	contested
A likely cause of the existing slavery in Yemen with regards to the illegality of it , is the extent of the poverty within certain communities .	existing
The representation of imperial subjects is also far from complete .	subjects
If the tool fails , the entire drillstring must be pulled out of the hole to replace it .	replace
The refinery began operations in 1973 to supply regions in northern Japan .	supply
He also served as a judge in the Court of Common Pleas for Carleton County .	judge
until 23 September , when she began carrying cargo and troops to Ulithi , Hollandia , and the Admiralty Islands .	carrying
As expected , this theory naturally includes Newton 's theory , which is recovered as a linear approximation under weak fields .	fields
He specialized in research of cryptogams , including studies of European and exotic mosses , and taxonomic work involving the red algae genus " Ceramium " .	involving
Coat color varies depending on its location on the body .	depending
On February 22 , 2005 , he was signed as a free agent by the Philadelphia Eagles to compete for a backup tight end position .	compete
As the Beast rises from the bowels of the Earth to bring a rain of fire over the city , Cordelia and Connor make love .	bring
The most notable was a popular but unusual tavern .	unusual
These had home ranges within the Hanawi Natural Area Reserve and the adjacent Haleakala National Park .	adjacent
The railroad was extended from Gettysburg west to Marsh Creek in 1884 and to Orrtanna in 1885 .	railroad
De Bono saw it as vital for the individuals categorized under the developing age to acknowledge the concept of critical thinking .	developing
Takeda stated , " I chose Oregon because I wanted to play in the best conference in the country .	chose
He also completed one pass for 41 yards and had a 2-point conversion to Jeron Mastrud on the Wildcats ' second touchdown .	touchdown
Some interpretations of this management philosophy are based on earlier continuous improvement methodologies , such as Lean Thinking , Six Sigma , OKAPI and Scientific Management .	philosophy
Spiegel joined the faculty of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1949 as an assistant professor .	faculty
The original building had jail facilities in the basement , offices on the first floor and its courtroom upstairs .	offices
Some other specs are Kent Armstrong pickups , Kahler tremolo , Gotoh bridge , and Sperzel graduating , locking and tuning keys .	graduating
He is described as displaying " a touch of unorthodoxy in the tradition of Percy Fender " .	tradition
Coblentz died just before his 1905 work on infrared spectroscopy was reprinted , nearly 60 years after its first publication .	publication
World War II temporarily froze production , however , in 1948 , Beyerdynamic sought new beginnings in Heilbronn .	sought
It roughly corresponds to the territory on the Iranian plateau and its bordering plains .	roughly
India won the toss and chose to bat .	chose
An editor for " Bulb Magazine " selected the album as one of reggaetón 's most classic albums in 2007 .	classic
We now call this period " the post-election violence " , but the term doesn 't give justice to the madness of these terrible months .	violence
Someone has carefully edited the tapes " .	edited
Ahmad argues that only some of the tribe were killed , while some of the fighters were merely enslaved .	tribe
Iraq 's " Osiris class " nuclear reactors , later destroyed by Israel in Operation Opera , were built in La Seyne-sur-Mer .	nuclear
As with other NOD-like receptors , NLRP functions to recognize danger signals .	functions
If L is an orthogonal transformation ( orthogonal matrix ) , the objects transforming by it are defined as Cartesian tensors .	objects
He retired in 2010 and moved into coaching , briefly managing Burnham in 2016 and Codicote in 2017 .	briefly
Between the Gallieni and Melville FZs the SWIR was originally roughly perpendicular to the spreading direction with few and small offsets .	roughly
Königsplatz , the bar and pub in the art exhibition building called Haus der Kunst , as	exhibition
The MMU includes support for virtual memory .	memory
Bethany Beach is governed by a city council made up of seven resident and non-resident property owners elected to two-year terms .	owners
His parents were born in Germany and worked , just like his brothers Nicolai and Alexej , as professional musicians .	musicians
The Ringmaster is a Nazi agent , whose circus was a cover for murdering US government officials .	officials
This type of painting was executed with quick brush strokes and a minimum of detail .	executed
Two batters later , and to the chagrin of the packed stadium , Cubs shortstop Alex Gonzalez misplayed an inning-ending double play , loading the bases .	stadium
The treatment is often used in conjunction with a technique for loosening secretions in the chest cavity called chest percussion .	technique
In 1897 , he was one of the founding members of the , a project initiated by Alfred Lichtwark , Director of the Kunsthalle Hamburg .	founding
Deformation at higher temperatures will allow concurrent recovery and so such materials will recrystallize more slowly than those deformed at room temperature e.g .	temperature
She was last seen in the serial " Ek Veer Ki Ardaas ... Veera " as grown up Veera .	grown
" Thus I broke into show business singing " , she writes .	singing
The argument is based on three basic points .	basic
The lists of archbishops , coadjutor archbishops , and auxiliary bishops and their terms of service , followed by other priests of this diocese who became bishops :	lists
As a result , from the mid-1920s a new race to attract the Ocean Liners and hence these passengers began between the Southern Railway and the GWR .	passengers
Its role as a missionary society is clearly stated among its " aims and objects " as follows :	objects
In 1949 he was hired in the newspaper " Norges Handels- og Sjøfartstidende " ( now : " Dagens Næringsliv " ) .	hired
Valley Trails included Saginaw , Gratiot , Isabella , Clare and part of Tuscola counties .	counties
Wire is actually used as a makeshift material in building the humble homes of those in poverty .	homes
Palm Beach County 's roadways for being dangerous for non-motorized users .	users
The results indicated that teleiophiles had more children , and thus more adaptive success than hebephiles , while hebephiles had more success than pedophiles .	indicated
She is seen as the submarine when it is tied up and they are making preparations for departure on patrol .	tied
" action adventure , the suspense thriller , science fiction and horror .	fiction
She was known as an accomplished musician , and served as the organist for Christ Episcopal Church .	musician
He would have earned a bachelor of mechanical engineering from India , and an M.Phil .	engineering
Daniel Reintzel , mayor of Georgetown , was disinterred from Presbyterian Burying Ground in November 1907 .	mayor
To achieve this , " globally unique identifiers " ( GUIDs ) are used .	achieve
On November 27 , he moved to the Italian Serie A , signing with Consultinvest Pesaro .	signing
Since all possible crystal orientations are measured simultaneously , collection times can be quite short even for small and weakly scattering samples .	quite
We tried doing FTP downloads , but at the time the facilities in Jordan simply couldn 't handle it . "	doing
For these new releases , each episode had their series and episode number displayed below the Bad Girls title in the opening sequence .	sequence
The Library of Virginia maintains his executive papers .	papers
The climate is good throughout the year .	climate
Christian Scientists avoid almost all medical treatment , relying instead on Christian Science prayer .	avoid
In the Hawaiian language , the name " Hoʻolulu " means " to lie in the sheltered waters " .	waters
On January 11 , 2012 , Van der Sloot pleaded guilty to murdering Ramírez and was sentenced to 28 years in prison .	sentenced
It was scheduled to start production in 2007 with an estimated capacity of 300,000 tones per year .	scheduled
All lyrics are written by Pekka Kokko , except Track 10 ( P. Kokko and A. Kokko )	lyrics
" Pachycrocuta " scavenged for food , probably preferentially so , because it was a heavyset animal not built for chasing prey over long distances .	animal
He tells Flame Princess he has arranged her marriage with Don John .	arranged
Yozgat Pine Grove National Park is administered by the Directorate-General of Forestry , a governmental agency of the Ministry of Forestry and Water Affairs .	agency
Within two years the Boston membership had exceeded the original church 's capacity .	membership
Population : 43,850 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Kochenyovo accounts for 37.3 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
Finally one can add an appropriate constant to all entries to obtain a Young tableau with positive entries .	constant
The UML specifies two types of scope for members : " instance " and " classifier " , and the latter is represented by underlined names .	instance
For conducting the courses satisfactorily , the following laboratories and workshops are available .	courses
These terms respectively mean " Power " and " To the people " .	mean
Salisbury performed the duties of president of both Pass & Seymour Company and Syracuse China until 1928 .	duties
He plays mainly as a wing and occasionally as a centre for professional SuperLiga club Steaua and București based European Challenge Cup side the Wolves .	occasionally
They have another daughter named Maura , who also occasionally joins them on stage in various roles .	occasionally
The bottom appears to consist of sand rather than mud .	bottom
Inside they find a boy , Tomcat , who is Zannah 's cousin ; she spares him by cutting his hand off .	cousin
He died in April 2014 at Sevenoaks in Kent aged 85 .	aged
They are used to make sure that the protein has been loaded equally across all wells .	protein
The chapel to Saint John of Jerusalem remains on the site .	chapel
Its headquarters city was Auburn , Michigan and comprised 19 counties located in Northeastern Michigan .	counties
China reputably has 709 freshwater fish species and 58 subspecies , with another 64 species migrating between sea and inland waters .	waters
In 2013 he was asked by the Central Coast Conservatorium to direct the opera " Help !	opera
The introduction of the arquebus brought dramatic shifts in battle tactics and military attitudes in Japan .	introduction
In the 2006 BNP Paribas Masters as the defending champion , he lost in the quarterfinals to Dominik Hrbatý in three sets .	defending
In practice however these families preferred to send their sons to Oxford or Cambridge and seek a dispensation for doing so .	doing
He died on 15 August 1882 by being thrown from his carriage " with great violence "	violence
This also made Queen the eighth best-performing Tropical Artist of 2004 as well .	eighth
Since the mid-70s , the Tindouf region served as base for the Polisario Front , a Sahrawi nationalist organization fighting for Western Sahara 's independence .	independence
This brings Ford 's cycle time closer to its Japanese rivals .	cycle
The message for Darfur is that it is a time for change .	message
He kidnaps the baby and Roo considered suicide , before she is informed that Brett had returned Martha .	suicide
It is prepared from meat ( especially poultry ) or mushrooms in white sauce .	prepared
This is accessed by crossing over a bridge and also going down a flight of stairs to reach the platform .	crossing
He represented Indian poetry in the international bookfair in Gotenborg , Sweden in November 1997 .	poetry
One of them is a small wooden bell tower , the bell of which is about 230 years old .	wooden
Initially , the authors placed it in the genus " Tadarida " , but within the subgenus " Chaerephon " .	authors
The company continued on to entertainment electronics , electrical and home appliances .	entertainment
Richard Ingoldsby or Ingoldesby ( died 1 March 1719 ) was a British army officer and lieutenant governor of both New Jersey and New York .	governor
The EU sets legislation on water quality .	legislation
Auburn defeated Mississippi State in September on a late touchdown pass .	touchdown
His Regalia can cause complete paralysis by sending vibrations that are completely opposite to one 's own biorhythm through the ground .	opposite
Because of the landscaping present in the infield and the country feel , the track has been dubbed " The most beautiful -mile track in the country .	feel
When turned on , the ADS automatically alters the suspension settings to ensure the driver has high levels of control at all times .	driver
A key reserve is Attenborough Gravel Pits .	reserve
The Governor of Svalbard has wider authorities , including for the police .	authorities
Member institutions are located in Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Michigan , and Missouri .	institutions
The vehicle was unveiled at the 2015 Los Angeles Motor Show , and the 2015 Auto Guangzhou , followed by the 2016 Geneva Motor Show .	vehicle
Because of their sufferings , they were blessed with powers to help their fellowmen .	powers
Delaware Seashore State Park offers a beach for surfing to the north of the Indian River Inlet .	beach
A former West Hull junior , he has been part of Hull Kingston Rovers ' youth set-up since the age of 12 .	junior
, there were about 15 million units of blood products transfused per year in the United States .	blood
The Sandgate Town Hall provides evidence of the Town of Sandgate in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .	centuries
After the Treaty of Schönbrunn ( 1810 ) , he was elevated by the French to the rank of Grand Duke of Frankfurt .	rank
This is trivialization of a hate crime . "	crime
Levels in 2009 were reported as a total of 234,347 in active acre-feet storage of water .	storage
Shital is married to Vaibhav Rane , a software engineer working in Finland .	engineer
Shortly after crossing into Philadelphia the trail segment ends .	crossing
On August 7 , KLHB debuted a mainstream top 40 format called " Wild 105.5 " , but quickly segued to rhythmic top 40 one week later .	debuted
At that time he was using a hand-held 4 × 5 Auto-Graflex that used glass plate negatives .	glass
As of the census of 2000 , there were 4,459 people , 1,548 households , and 1,140 families residing in the city .	residing
A McWhirtle is a light verse form similar to a double dactyl , invented in 1989 by American poet Bruce Newling .	poet
It is attributed to Hans van Steenwinckel the Elder although no clear documentation exists .	exists
GEC Plessey Telecommunications officially renamed itself " GPT " , which would continue to exist merely as a legal entity .	exist
The GATC is active in the conservation community on issues relating to the protection of the Appalachian Trail .	protection
The club had its beginnings when a group of boys joined with the initial intention of starting an Australian rules football club .	boys
Born in the Germantown section of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , he was part of a distinguished family from Philadelphia .	distinguished
An unusual facet of San Antonio 's red-light district compared to other cities was the lack of segregation in this area .	unusual
The first letter of feudal rights ( foral ) dates from 1284 .	dates
Ringgit Malaysia , the nation 's currency , fell to a 17-year low due to falling oil prices .	nation
Closed-end funds also have a board of directors to provide another level of oversight of the investments made .	funds
It ended as the defending champion Super Kings defeated the Royal Challengers by 58 runs .	defending
It is surrounded by woodland on two sides .	surrounded
Societies tend to view more unfavourably exposure of women 's breasts in public if the intent is sexual arousal .	sexual
However , Spitz was credited on the final release along with him .	credited
" Grampus " s home port was Woods Hole , Massachusetts .	port
The OAU curriculum was designed by the late Professor Vincent Nwuga , who received his professional education from the UK , Canadian and American universities .	universities
She starred in the movie " Baby Love " ( 1995 ) with Jason Salcedo .	starred
They advocated for the elimination of Basque-specific features inasmuch as they considered them ' contrary to mass struggle ' .	mass
He graduated from Tri-County High School in Thornburg , Iowa in 1968 and obtained degrees from William Penn College and the University of Northern Iowa .	degrees
In January 2014 De Falco was signed by S.S. Juve Stabia in a temporary deal .	temporary
Green tea consumption may be correlated with a reduced risk of stroke .	risk
His desire to meet the Grand Master – Sri Guru ( Mahavatar Babaji ) was also fulfilled at NeelaKanth hill with the grace of his master .	hill
During his time in the colonies he made collections of natural history .	collections
In Lithuania , according to official Soviet records , some 13,700 avoided capture .	capture
The techniques include propaganda and psychological operations ( PSYOP ) , which service national and military objectives respectively .	techniques
Barak commanded an armored battalion during the battle and personally led the armored effort to extricate the Israeli paratroopers .	effort
Normal storage is 2,739 acre feet .	storage
Soon afterwards , Dr. Sloper reveals he is dying .	afterwards
In November 2015 , Convergence Ventures announced a strategic and financial partnership with Baidu .	partnership
This unit was the first programmable brick ( or Pbrick ) .	brick
After the treaty , it looked as though much of that material would fall into the hands of the Germans .	hands
He contracted tonsilitis during his 1898 expedition to the Adirondacks and suffered heart and digestive troubles thereafter .	expedition
This allowed scientists to conclude that the species provided extensive parental care for its young .	extensive
There has been growing availability of HIV testing , care , and treatment services in Rwanda since 2000 .	testing
All émigrés captured on French soil were condemned to death , so de Tromelin tried to pass as John Bromley , a Canadian servant of Smith 's .	soil
Training seminars of various lengths and technical depths are available for all of the Pearl Rating Systems .	technical
It was divided into two phases : the regular season , played from August 28 , 2005 to May 7 , 2006 , and the playoff phase .	phase
This sound was most commonly written as ⟨ gn ⟩ in Italian fashion .	fashion
The Red FM Tulu Film Awards is an award ceremony for Tulu films presented by Red FM 93.5 radio station .	ceremony
" Rolling Stone " stated " " The Miracle " is a showcase for Freddie Mercury and his love of sweeping , quasi-operatic vocals .	vocals
He worked as a sound engineer for the Delhi-based rock band Euphoria and also worked on the sound effects for some Indian version of Hollywood films .	engineer
In qualification , each athlete jumped three times ( stopping early if they made the qualifying distance ) .	qualifying
In chapter 37 , Snorri and his foster brothers kill Arnkel whilst he is working on his farm .	kill
This possibly might have been one of three " gwelyau " , originally belonging to Gloddaeth .	possibly
" Crowea exalata " was first formally described by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1854 .	formally
Club " applauded the episode for providing Rattleballs with a solid debut .	providing
The song was initially proposed to other Italian singers , including Jula De Palma and Miranda Martino , but they turned down the opportunity to record it .	opportunity
She was also a guest player on such shows as Perry Mason , Hazel , The Donna Reed Show and Wagon Train .	guest
When she was back on duty , she was promoted to " Captain " and assigned a Star Destroyer to command .	duty
A week later , Mpanza faked a kidnapping plot and lied to the police in order to get his attention .	plot
The test consists of subjects Biology , Chemistry and Physics .	subjects
A total of 18 teams contest the division , including 16 sides from previous season , and two new teams .	contest
Until this data is expanded , the likelihood of producing the most accurate reconstruction possible is largely limited .	producing
The trees were planted originally to stop the inland march of the sand dunes from the beach at Llico playa .	beach
The eye color is a variation of brown and gold .	brown
Smyslov qualified as challenger by winning the tournament .	qualified
In 1979 , the Phillies appointed Green as their manager , replacing Danny Ozark .	replacing
In addition , the department is one of only a few in the state to have a full-time communications center ( dispatch ) .	full-time
Brace also currently serves as the franchise 's general manager .	franchise
He finished 64th on the money list to retain his card for 2009 .	card
Another portrait was then used to replace the Rand work in the White House .	replace
Humbert failed to gain significant local support , and was eventually trapped between the two forces at Ballinamuck .	gain
She enrolled at Tudor Hall , a college preparatory school for girls .	girls
The team would later grow to become the Americans of Japanese Ancestry ( AJA ) baseball league .	grow
This task gives information about an individual 's reasoning abilities , and performance is related to the ability to understand precursors and consequences of events .	task
The three are sucked into a whirlpool and deposited in a cave under the factory .	factory
This concept enables different political themes to be dealt with in the programme , similar to the Department of Administrative Affairs in " Yes Minister " .	programme
Spencer gives Mona and Red Coat the idea to throw a party at the Thornhill Lodge , where Red Coat can meet the girls in person .	girls
Charles D. Lusby , chairman of the county 's Probation Committee , later said that Holtzschuh has been fired for insubordination and other failures .	fired
The Communications Security Establishment Canada ( CSEC ) has been tracking Canadian air passengers via free Wi-Fi services at a major Canadian airport .	passengers
Rachel Maresca of " Daily News " noted that West vents his aggression by kicking the camera .	camera
NASS describes its role as part of the " 6th aim " of the Home Office :	describes
Growing up to be tall and blond , he later grew a beard .	tall
During the game , Michigan quarterback Shane Morris suffered a concussion but stayed in for another play .	stayed
From 1937 to 1940 he was an engineer at the National Resources Commission and worked at a government-run power station in Qinghai province .	engineer
The French forces were to effectively gain control over the area between the French border and the German lines and were to probe the German defences .	gain
The zoo has different varieties of animals and birds which have been brought from different parts of world .	birds
He was admitted to the bar in 1784 and began practicing law in Charleston .	admitted
Typically , these are people with distinguished academic credentials from France or Poland .	distinguished
At that time , he was invited to contribute to Whitaker 's book , " The New Right Papers , "	invited
Upon the resumption of their relationship , there is no romance visible between them .	visible
The Young Hollywood Awards honor young people 's achievements in music , film , sports , television , and sports .	honor
The set includes brief audio commentaries by series co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone for each episode .	brief
Guards bring Angel , Gunn , and Wesley to the Constable , who announces they will all be killed .	bring
It is named after the Schönthal Monastery , a former church near the village of Langenbruck , Basel-Landschaft , which is now used for temporary art exhibitions .	temporary
While at Hull KR , Beharrell spent two season at Newcastle Thunder on dual registration terms before joining Newcastle on a one-year contract .	joining
This plan breaks the lodge into various blocks ( similar to departments in a retail store ) and committees .	blocks
Felbamate ( marketed under the brand name Felbatol by MedPointe ) is an anticonvulsant used in the treatment of epilepsy .	brand
He started his cricket playing career for Cambridge University during the 1903 season , during which he played five games .	cricket
Witgood and his creditors enter .	enter
A replacement , called “ HEVC Video Extension ” , was added to Windows Store , at first for free .	replacement
In May 2016 , Kenny revealed a number of serious instances of misconduct in the Garda Síochána .	serious
On September 21 , 2017 , Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announced an offensive to reclaim the city after over three years of ISIS rule .	offensive
Edward Corvan wrote and performed a popular music hall song about the Cullercoats Fish Lass in 1862 :	hall
Its current appearance came from 1901 , under designer Miguel António , and supervised by Father Manuel Garcia da Rosa .	designer
When bat specimens are sent into state laboratories for testing , the number of bats with rabies is around 5-10 % .	testing
Other soldiers defending Rezang La who were awarded Vir Chakras were Nk .	defending
In a " search for sunlight " they re-settled in Vence in the south .	search
The Native Americans portrayed in this film were peaceful and gentle people .	portrayed
According to Cole , the target of the song is more general .	target
Novgorodsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
On January 1 , 1932 , the district was abolished and merged into Strugo-Krasnensky District .	merged
As Patrick Clawson states , " ethnic nationalism is largely a nineteenth century phenomenon , even if it is fashionable to retroactively extend it . "	ethnic
Closely linked to Singapore ’ s history , the avant-garde building witnessed several significant events in the post-independence years .	linked
The Tachoni speak Lutachoni and occupy Lugari , Bungoma and Malava districts .	speak
He is originally a slim and slender blond , who wears a fine suit and bowler hat .	fine
Decades later Eddy wrote that , on the third day after the fall , she had been helped by reading a certain Bible passage .	reading
Later , the castle was finished , except for one last nail .	castle
In 2013 , the suicide rate in South Korea was 29.1 per 100,000 , a decrease from 33.3 per 100,000 in 2011 .	suicide
He spent the 2013 – 14 season on loan at Dutch club Ajax with whom he helped win the Eredivisie title .	loan
One story says that the mail used to come by river boat and was placed in an empty tin box labeled Baker 's Cocoa .	boat
" Mandate " can mean either " authorize " or " oblige " .	mean
Ory 's page Isolier is in love with the countess .	page
18th Carrousel Rimosky International Film Festival , Canada 2000	18th
The system interacted with a monsoon-type circulation over Central America , and a broad low-level circulation developed near Cozumel , Mexico .	broad
In War and peace : contemporary Russian prose ( Glas new women 's writing ) .	peace
Wismar still retains a few relics of its old privileges , including the right to fly its own flag .	flag
The two route network became effective 1 September 2016 when the route between – replaced the earlier – route .	effective
" Deane " was taken out of commission in 1783 at Boston .	commission
Show with Showbiz Shelly " , with J. Niice as the main morning host .	morning
" Implacable " arrived at Taranto , Italy , her base for this duty , on 27 May 1915 .	duty
The botanical provinces of Western Australia delineate " natural " phytogeographic regions of WA , based on climate and types of vegetation .	climate
He died near the end of 1847 , possibly poisoned by his father Dost Mohammad , who may have feared his ambitions .	possibly
Some of the music is introspective , and there are wandering sections , but the net results are logical and enjoyable .	sections
Communities with a community council are indicated with a ' * ' :	indicated
Amid the Panic of 1837 , many began to criticize social institutions .	institutions
I Am a Woman is a lesbian pulp fiction novel written in 1959 by Ann Bannon ( pseudonym of Ann Weldy ) .	fiction
With the short film 's budget around $ 70 million , each actor was reportedly paid $ 13 million for less than two days ' work .	budget
Opened in 2013 as the Engine Shed , it hosts business incubators for startups .	hosts
On August 24 , 2016 , founding members MoonMeander , Miracle- Al-Barkawi , and Cr1t- Nielsen left the team , but Fly remained .	founding
Lame birds , a lame mouse , all came and went .	birds
They joined the Aruban government in opposing the calls for a boycott of the island .	calls
Within the past couple years government agencies have begun to utilize recruitment tools such as agencies and job boards .	tools
Model-turned-actor Emmad Irfani is his cousin .	cousin
The program 's home venue is the Durham Bulls Athletic Park , which opened in 1995 .	venue
In 1963 Louisville Seminary relocated to a modern campus on Alta Vista Road near Cherokee Park .	relocated
The year would end on a further sour note for Cotto , as he lost in an upset to Austin Trout .	note
27 February 1954 , Santiago del Estero ) is a lawyer and an Argentine politician of the Radical Civic Union .	lawyer
The engines are based on the Wasserboxer .	engines
She is best known for her series of biographies of 19th Century English writers .	writers
The Will also makes bequests to other Presbyterians , notably to Hugh Worthington , Pastor of Salters Hall , London .	notably
Potbelly sculptures are generally rough sculptures that show considerable variation in size and the position of the limbs .	considerable
From 2006 to 2012 , after two decades in journalism , she joined MSF in Canada as director of communications .	decades
which details key information about a debtor ’ s finances and clearly shows their insolvent status .	details
He is also the honorary director of the university 's Qing dynasty 's history institute as well as a doctoral student supervisor .	dynasty
Some have pointed out that entactogens such as MDMA seem to meet some of the requirements needed to activate this circuit .	requirements
There is a box of her papers , mostly correspondence and photographs , at Amherst University .	papers
Rahman denied the allegations by Darbar , but decided not to file a lawsuit against him .	denied
The lyrics were inspired by cowboy stories and old westerns .	lyrics
He left bequests to more than 50 relatives , friends and former employees .	employees
The book chronicles Heidi 's drawings throughout her childhood , from the ages of two to fifteen .	childhood
mushrooms , peaches , plums and passion fruit .	fruit
In July 2008 , the magazine celebrated the release of its 3000th issue .	celebrated
During this leg , Bono regularly flew back to Dublin after each show to be with his dying father .	regularly
Watching security footage of Isabel 's suicide , Angela hears her say Constantine 's name .	suicide
Grijseels did not advance to the final in either of his two events .	advance
All the windows date from the late 19th century .	windows
She became a motivational speaker , appeared on " Larry King Live " ( CNN ) , and published another book in 2006 about lessons for surviving .	surviving
Soon afterward , Cordelia tells Angel that she was worried and he orders her to take her new boyfriend , i.e .	orders
That makes it the most widely read newspaper in Denmark .	read
Joor was among the earliest graduates of H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College , and was one of the original producers of Newcomb Pottery .	earliest
The body whorl is radiately striate above the carina ( more strongly at the sutures ) .	strongly
The " Maréchaussée " was a mounted military police force organised and equipped along military lines .	equipped
The Advance Newspapers are also printed at this facility , as is , since January 2012 , the " Kalamazoo Gazette " .	printed
Jute was used in traditional textile machinery as fibers having cellulose ( vegetable fiber content ) and lignin ( wood fiber content ) .	wood
In Cuba , the precipitation reached 12.4 inches ( 31.5 cm ) , which caused widespread flooding and damage in nine provinces .	widespread
Archeological evidence indicates that humans entered the Wrangell Mountains about 1000 AD .	humans
On January 29 , 2018 , Daye returned to Italy for a second stint , signing with Umana Reyer Venezia for the rest of the season .	signing
An important event , the " festa " , became for many an important connection to the traditions of their ancestral villages in Italy .	connection
The same Charles Bosanquet also restored the church .	restored
Then , a Navy deep-water expert , John P. Craven , suggested that " Scorpion " had sunk elsewhere .	suggested
Periodically , however , restrictions will be placed on how water can be used in domestic , commercial or rural areas .	domestic
these items are said to trigger the countries ' responsibilities under the NPT , hence the name .	items
The Rodenstock lenses were based on the original Schneider Kreuznach triplet ( three optical element ) design .	element
It was incinerated by the Man-Thing 's touch after it felt fear .	felt
On this basis , tax was fixed on each crop in cash .	fixed
Nick is adamant to form a coalition as he sees Labour as unpopular .	sees
His performance in such game was – according to himself – quite poor , and this might have jeopardised his international career .	quite
Monacia-d 'Aullène is west northwest of Figari .	northwest
Creidlitz is a southern quarter of the Bavarian city of Coburg .	quarter
The chapbook marked the first book publication for each author .	publication
He discovered his vocal capabilities only as an exchange student in Denmark where he spent a year .	exchange
President Andrew Jackson , committed to Indian Removal west of the Mississippi , agreed .	committed
In 1912 , Siegel now is listed as a " sailor " at the same address with his parents .	address
Groom ’ s wife died in 2009 ; he was survived by a son and a daughter .	survived
At Marquette , US 18 Business ends at the foot of the Marquette – Joliet Bridge , which carries US 18 to Prairie du Chien , Wisconsin .	foot
Mutations in this protein cause pseudoxanthoma elasticum ( PXE ) .	protein
The bands of the Bundewehr have gone through many phases of reduction , growth and change since then .	bands
The three crossings in the bombing plot had been under the Port Authority 's purview .	plot
As a compromise , the council sent out a cautious press release recommending a moderate , gradual program of walking for exercise .	press
They retreated in silent and later came together to form their own groups of communal soldiers to carry out terrorists attacks against neighboring India .	carry
The primary source of the coal to fire the power station , was identified as the Moatize coalfields in neighboring Mozambique .	coal
Pasco Libraries circulated 1,195,649 items for fiscal year 2016 .	items
He accumulated career totals of 1,988 kickoff return yards , 173 receptions and seventeen receiving touchdowns .	receiving
Created and videotaped by WCVB-TV Channel 5 Boston , " Jabberwocky " featured real actors and puppets and various interstitial cartoons .	actors
Many animal studies of PPI are undertaken in order to understand and model the pathology of schizophrenia .	animal
Rennerdale 's origins as a town are connected to the railroad .	railroad
Corneal dystrophy is a group of rare hereditary disorders characterised by bilateral abnormal deposition of substances in the transparent front part of the eye called the cornea .	rare
Miller played a best on ground performance in the Demons losing finals game against the Fremantle Dockers in Perth in an impressive performance .	finals
During her career , Kent worked in close collaboration with : Manhattan Community Board 9 ,	collaboration
Each player simultaneously reveals their hand , extending any number of fingers , and calls out a number .	calls
After confederation Halifax retained its British military garrison until British troops were replaced by the Canadian army in 1906 .	retained
Owned by hotel magnate Eugene C. Eppley , the company was established in 1917 .	hotel
It is suspected that he was murdered because he was involved in seeking justice for the general worker of garment sector of Bangladesh .	sector
The Second World War caused the cancellation of the 1942 match and from here the series went on a decline .	decline
Althea Thauberger is a Canadian visual artist .	visual
They are usually found on outer reefs at the bottom of coral or rocky dropoffs , rarely in lagoons .	bottom
The site was used for the handling , storage and shipping of explosives from 1901 to 1962 .	storage
She said she had a big secret about Jarrett that TNA Management would love to hear , but did not reveal what it was .	secret
In the counties to the north , Cumberland and Westmorland wrestling developed with rules designed to minimise injury to the participants .	counties
Insurable interest is no longer strictly an element of life insurance contracts under modern law , for example with viatication agreements and charitable donations .	element
However , he did play for the U.S. soccer team which finished 0-4 at the Football at the 1963 Pan American Games	soccer
The company was formed in 1917 by Samuel Waring around the combined knowledge of Frederick Koolhoven as Chief Designer , and Robert Noorduyn as Chief Draughtsman .	knowledge
Had the riding existed in 2011 under its new boundaries , the Liberals would have narrowly won it .	existed
In 1977 , they could not repeat as champions and lost in the final series to Nuevo Laredo .	champions
Jenny ( Jennifer Jane ) Tiramani is a British costume , stage and production designer .	designer
Chiltern Railways has raised the possibility of developing a service between Oxford and the Cowley branch line .	developing
It is a part of the Edathiruthy grama panchyath and mathilakam block and chavakkad thaluk .	block
A 54-yard drive by the Bulldogs was the longest of the day , and ended when they fumbled on the Cardinals ' 48 .	drive
Lieutenant Arthur Hope Fanshawe was appointed in command of the " Cormorant " and torpedo boats at Gibraltar on 7 March 1900 .	boats
Qualification rule : The first three teams in each heat ( Q ) plus the next two fastest overall ( q ) moved on to the final .	heat
Despite selling 5,000 copies in its first week , it failed to debut on the " Billboard " 200 .	selling
The land tenure system is largely based on " kaitasi " ( extended family ownership ) .	ownership
Archicolliuris is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :	containing
In the field of information security , such controls protect the confidentiality , integrity and / or availability of information - the so-called CIA Triad	protect
The German translation appeared in 1912 .	translation
It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period .	dating
By 1980 , the population had grown to 16,096 .	grown
The king wore colorful clothes , makeup , a heavy crown , while his beard was decorated with gold .	makeup
A dedicated Grundtvigian , Tietgen made the completion of the Marble Church which he financed at his own expense .	completion
Some unscrupulous sellers have been selling fake Strato Bugs that have a CNC machined tank and a Space Bug Junior back-plate .	selling
Among its many boycotts were ones against the 1936 Olympics in Berlin and the Schmeling – Louis boxing match in 1938 .	ones
After their two-year affair ended , he finally had a chance with Grace .	chance
Traces of a helmet are visible .	visible
In the mid-1920s Herrera dispatched him to the United States , the key purpose having been management training .	purpose
The Bocksten Man ( ) is the remains of a medieval man 's body found in a bog in Varberg Municipality , Sweden .	medieval
Many plans can be found online so all you need do is buy your materials .	your
This window was later moved to the altar area when the next stage of the construction works were completed .	window
They form multi-megaDalton machines embedded in membranes and are responsible for the secretion of both proteins and nucleic acid substrates .	acid
All tracks are written by Orbit , either alone or in collaboration with Laurie Mayer and Rico Conning .	collaboration
An adult is a hermaphrodite that can act as a male and a female at the same time .	adult
Take for example a sine wave that , for some portion , matches the values above .	values
Days and months are spent in studying and sorting them .	studying
South Christian High School provides Advanced Placement courses in math , physics , social studies , and english .	courses
It was the home of Jessamyn West during her childhood .	childhood
Soon afterwards Peter 's older brother Michael escaped from his monastery and led a more formidable rebellion , which terminated with his early death .	afterwards
Searle , Chris : Struggling against the " Bandastan " : an interview with Attati Mpakati .	interview
There is a bus service on Nottingham Road , and cycling Regional Route 66 passes through the area .	passes
During his reign , he was visited by the Arab traveler Ahmad ibn Fadlan .	reign
Monte Poggiolo is a hill near Forlì , Italy in the Emilia-Romagna area .	hill
Numerous small creatures begin swimming around her head , including a mouse in a rowboat .	begin
Matthews was survived by his wife Mary " Tine " Barlow , whom he had married on June 6 , 1862 .	survived
Most wins by a jockey :	wins
" I 'm the biggest advocate of adjusting to [ what Miranda Sharifi gave the world ] .	biggest
A 1,200-metre airstrip provides a link with the outside world .	link
The Black Carib , whose ancestry includes Arawak and African Maroons , remained in Punta Gorda , becoming the Bay Island 's first permanent post-Columbian settlers .	permanent
The latter appointment was revoked on July 21 , 1864 ) .	appointment
Peter Holmström is an American rock musician .	musician
They are now all “ set free , ” and every new bit of capital looking out for employment can dispose of them .	looking
The 2016 World Cup consisted of the following nine meets , which were divided into three clusters .	meets
It was designed by Clark Brothers , which won competitions for proposed town halls for Brisbane and Gympie in 1884 and Warwick in 1885 .	competitions
New Hampton Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
The park , a forest island on hills within wide steppes in the region , covers an area of and its average elevation is above sea level .	elevation
The reasons for this shift are twofold .	reasons
Whatever the truth , Livingstone wrote about the Boers in strongly condemnatory terms thereafter , depicting them as mindless barbarians .	strongly
" Babel " was one of the newspapers owned by Uday Hussein .	newspapers
He died of heart failure in 1914 .	failure
These laws can permit legal casinos on reservations , for example , which attract tourists .	laws
The winning technique is straightforward :	technique
In stars , however , is more abundant , a product of nuclear fusion .	nuclear
Manchester Corporation took a 30 years lease from Middleton Corporation from the date of purchase by Middleton Corporation .	purchase
The area where dinosaurs lived included lakes , floodplains , and east-flowing rivers .	rivers
" The lineup differs greatly on the track " Nothing Like You " , since it was recorded several years prior : "	greatly
Dscam1 , of " drosophila " , may be one of the molecules involved in counteracting the netrin-dependent chemoattraction between neuronal processes during the neural development stage .	processes
In 1901 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly , representing Woollahra as a Liberal .	representing
Governments will often issue standards for purchases by government agencies ( e.g .	standards
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , Cunco spans an area of and has 18,703 inhabitants ( 9,203 men and 9,500 women ) .	inhabitants
The continent of Tellene is the focus of the " Kingdoms of Kalamar " setting .	setting
Ward took a Hurricane with no gunsight and few working instruments .	instruments
Providing an experienced head in the Western Bulldogs forward line , Giansiracusa ’ s reliability around goals was imperative in 2012 .	experienced
Scarcity and want shall shun you ,	want
The king 's message to Thorolf was that this should bear him help .	message
Joss Whedon had long wanted to kill off a major character the first time they joined the main credits .	kill
When the race started he ran very fast and was right behind the Sherpa for some time .	fast
After initially failing to stop the tanker , Leela and the protesters race ahead to intercept the tanker at Pluto .	ahead
While walking in the woods , Jake begins performing acrobatic moves .	performing
The per capita income for the town was $ 41,126 .	capita
Such allegations were denied by PPP and Bhutto refused to hold any re-election .	denied
It is brownish in colour , both the body and fins are mottled with darker patches .	colour
Recently , the technology was modified to support smartphone use through the LibreLink app .	modified
" Wyandotte " s main armament consisted of two smoothbore , muzzle-loading , Dahlgren guns mounted in a single gun turret .	guns
is a 2006 American rockumentary about the Los Angeles underground music scene in 2006 directed by Sean Carnage .	underground
6-MAM is naturally found in trace amounts in the brain of certain mammals .	brain
Prior to the November 15 , 2013 season opener against Southern Vermont College , Williams was ranked third in the nation according to the preseason poll .	nation
From late 1979 to late 1980 , Koda began playing with three members of a Detroit-based band , Mugsy , calling themselves Cub Koda and the Points .	calling
He played bass guitar and co-wrote other songs on the album , leading to collaborations with Hancock through the 2000s .	bass
A loading control is a protein used as a control in a Western blotting experiment .	protein
The Alapin is also seen in deferred form , particularly when Black chooses an unusual second move after 2.Nf3 .	unusual
During the winter break off-season , Francis played with team a friendly match in his home country against Asante Kotoko .	break
Friends of the Earth allege that Michels Warren was engaged in the monitoring of protestors and production and dissemination of propaganda .	engaged
A gender reveal party is a celebration where either the guests , the expecting parents , or both find out the sex of the baby .	gender
But differences between the Pietists of Halle and him became apparent .	differences
The interior features ceiling medallions , a marble mantel and an elaborate staircase .	interior
The State Games of America is a biennial amateur multi-sport event held in North America .	amateur
In the 1984 election MGP was the sector of the Broad Front that received the largest number of votes .	sector
Around 1951 , Ratner moved his family to Miami , Florida to explore new business interests .	interests
It then ascended through bush up a steep hill and followed the ridge line to the Takapu Valley to the Kenepuru Stream and on to Porirua .	hill
A Gatekeeper is an optional component in the H.323 network that provides a number of services to terminals , gateways , and MCU devices .	devices
But she is at her very best bringing life to the music of fellow countryman Heitor Villa-Lobos , playing individual selections from several longer pieces . "	pieces
Bahadur Singh Bohra ( ? -25 September 2008 ) was a Havildar in the 10th Battalion , Parachute Regiment of the Indian Army .	10th
His comments were commended by some Turkish-Canadian groups , and criticized by some Armenian-Canadians .	criticized
The " mega prom " was introduced to Racine almost 50 years ago by the city 's Rotary Club after an alcohol-related car accident .	accident
Presley did not go to that showing , instead opting to take girlfriend Anita Wood , as well as his parents to a private midnight screening .	showing
The cover version has a vocal range from the tone of F to the note of E ♭ .	note
Dahl was nonetheless entered into the business and toured Britain in the job .	toured
After learning a few words of Greek , he worked on the island " making shoes and hats " .	learning
different classes or packages ) are often linked by common syntactic and semantic conventions ( e.g .	linked
This is considered a violation of the 1970 Principal Chiefs Act , which requires that all tribal members must vote .	requires
The pilot was directed by Christopher Guest , and produced by Sony Pictures and BBC Worldwide .	pilot
Both pilots were killed in the accident .	accident
The species name refers to the type locality , Tucumán Province .	refers
In 1954 he founded the institution that became his life-work , the NPI .	institution
North and South were drawn together in group B of the 2006 Asian Cup in Adelaide , Australia .	drawn
In 1949 he debuted as a cinematographer , and his collaborations included films by Roberto Rossellini , Vittorio De Sica , Alberto Lattuada and Mario Soldati .	debuted
Only 9 of the 36 urban quarters around Lahore , known as " guzars " , were located within the city 's walls during the Akbar period .	walls
Whilst her children were at school she commuted each day to establish her new recycling business that she called " Wecyclers " .	establish
Scores of movie notables spent their last years here , so have far less famous people from behind the scenes of the industry .	scenes
Her eldest sister Sabrina , is a freelancer in English Communication skills and her other elder sister Cheryl Dutta served in the Indian Airforce .	skills
Just as the coffee sellers , these groups would also carry recreations of their workshops built on wheels .	carry
It was released in limited fashion in 1996 .	fashion
Starting in the 1838 , Lyman Draper corresponded with people who were early settlers in the Trans-Allegheny region during the second half of the 18th century .	18th
Howard County eliminated one class of segregated students a year , taking 11 years to implement integrated classes .	eliminated
The most common responses for religion were Uniting Church 44.3 % , No Religion 29.3 % and Presbyterian and Reformed 11.0 % .	religion
Ki-Zerbo extended his fights internationally to make people recognize slavery as a crime against humanity and that Africa should get reparations for this .	crime
He said , " " I realised I was making everybody rich , and here I was poor " " .	rich
The hydrate MnF3HO is obtained by crystallisation of MnF from hydrofluoric acid .	acid
The pioneering role of applications such as RUCAPS , Sonata and Reflex has been recognized by Laiserin as well as the UK 's Royal Academy of Engineering .	applications
Originally they existed as two separate entities , known as Discovery 1 ( primary ) and Unlimited Paenga Tawhiti ( secondary ) .	existed
He later moved in with his other Aunt on his Dad 's side along with his cousin Whitey G. They were like brothers .	cousin
Weyandt is also a tattooer and owns a shop in his hometown , Greensburg , Pennsylvania .	shop
The otherwise nice done " Country Mouse " suffered from the same fault .	otherwise
In series two , James is also shown to have a gambling addiction after selling his BMW car to pay for his gambling addiction .	selling
Jhind joined in July , 1885 ; its stamps from the feudatory period became invalid for postage , but they continued to be used for revenue purposes .	purposes
The kingdom was ruled by a king called a Bai or Obai .	ruled
Birds use stopover sites to feed , rest and refuel during their migration period .	feed
" ATM " and its Hype Williams-styled video is perhaps the best example .	perhaps
Senior guard and team co-captain Michael Jackson provided leadership to the team all season .	guard
He is also known for his guitar concerto " Concerto Antico " , which was composed for the guitarist John Williams and the London Symphony Orchestra .	guitarist
Though the Grateful Dead are often credited as being the first jam band , Cream incorporated long improvisations into their songs as early as 1967 .	credited
Laxalt first worked for then-Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs John R. Bolton , before joining the office of Virginia U.S .	joining
Furniture , fittings , stained glass and ornaments were transferred to the new church .	glass
The squadron began operations with Republic P-47 Thunderbolts in January 1944 as a Replacement Training Unit ( RTU ) .	squadron
The towers and walls were torn down and dumped into the moat .	walls
He was a Munster runner-up on two occasions .	occasions
This country has made dramatic progress economically in social scientific and industrial endeavours and above all in self-confidence . "	scientific
This new school featured iconoclasts , scientific analysts , and fictional biographers and included Gamaliel Bradford , André Maurois , and Emil Ludwig , among others .	scientific
coverage strands in the fourth season helmed by Karen Duffy and Steve Santagati .	coverage
African Story was made an 8 / 1 chance to repeat his 2014 success whilst Prince Bishop started at odds of 14 / 1 .	chance
The journal is included in the .	journal
However , broken promises prompted Walsh ’ s departure for the lower profile , but industrious , Excellent Pictures Corporation .	broken
The Lubbock Westerners football program had its heyday during the 1930s , 1940s and 1950s .	1930s
The director of SHOA Mariano Rojas was removed from office and replaced by Patricio Carrasco due to his responsibility over the failed tsunami warning .	responsibility
He relocated to Yorkshire , the birthplace of his late father , Harry Wragg .	relocated
In 1953 , a citizen 's group and the City of Birmingham raised money to purchase Arlington .	purchase
Patrik Marcel ( born November 27 , 1994 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player .	hockey
Then , he was employed in the highest offices of the Senate .	offices
In Unicode , it is encoded at , in the block Miscellaneous Technical .	block
The old economic underpinnings were gone and nothing new seemed to be on the horizon .	nothing
The exits are arranged in ascending numerical order from North to South .	arranged
According to most current views , they vary along 3 principal dimensions : valence , arousal , and motivational intensity .	views
It peaked at number two on the " Billboard " Hot Dance Club Songs and number 84 on the UK Singles Chart .	peaked
Turnbull graduated from Tougaloo College where he studied classical music and vocal performance .	classical
These ceramics date the offering to the end of the Late Preclassic .	offering
The Alexandria Township School District serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade .	eighth
It received comparisons to " Unpretty " by girl group TLC and " Beautiful " by Christina Aguilera .	girl
Nevertheless , Bumblebee shows he is still a capable warrior , since he is able to fight the likes of Breakdown and Shockwave .	capable
He has acted mainly in telenovelas , which garnered him international fame across Latin America , where the genre is popular , particularly among women .	acted
Cornwell asserts that Hitler was determined to conclude a concordat with the Vatican similar to the one that Mussolini had negotiated .	determined
The Pediatric Pain Special Interest Group provides a forum for communication and discussion about the many developments in the field .	communication
That year , she won the U.S. women 's high jump and shot put championships , and in 1938 she again won the high jump .	championships
In her fight against the Imperial Order ( Stone of Tears ) , Kahlan declares war against the Order , with no quarter .	quarter
Udayappa molested a young girl and was beaten by his father .	girl
The method of landing is most interesting .	landing
After assuming the presidency in 1953 , President Eisenhower named the presidential mountain retreat , formerly Camp Shangri-La , Camp David , after his grandson .	presidential
In March 2008 , with Verna claiming the project was 80 percent finished , work slowed down and eventually stopped .	stopped
The Natural Science Museum was also installed there , now , the Andres Barbero 's Museum and Library .	installed
The Baldwin National Bank issued 19,964 large size banknotes for a total of $ 161,950 in circulating notes .	notes
Page has sung with opera companies on both sides of the Tasman and for the London Savoyards .	opera
Within 12 hours of forming , the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Fernanda .	forming
" That was a wild session , " Lou Adler recalls .	session
For reasons unknown Kennard was removed from his company in 1891 .	reasons
In 1962 it was tied for 4th on the same list .	tied
In recent years , more companies have been applying barcodes as part of document creation , with all barcode information included in the initial data payload .	creation
Unaware of why his wife is upset , Alan wants a cigarette and picks up her purse and his gun falls out .	falls
The festivities lasted for nine weeks and the couple lived happily ever after .	lasted
Maha Shivaratri and Thiruvathira are the days which attract huge crowds to the temple .	huge
Foals start secreting hydrochloric acid at two days of age .	acid
The plan for the construction was prepared by Swami Vijnanananda .	prepared
The new goldfield established Queensland as a significant gold producer and contributed much needed finances to the young colony .	contributed
Most employees were not aware of the dangers involved , and were not educated in safe working conditions .	employees
The combination of the 5 QMP compounds and the 4 compounds below is called the Queen Retinue Pheromone ( QRP ) .	combination
She made her screen debut in " The Tempest of Life " ( 1948 , A. Daryabeigi ) .	screen
The pair wrestled together for the first time on the second ever TNA pay-per-view a week later .	pair
The landing gear mechanism is sourced from a Piper Aztec , with the retraction mechanism retracting rearward rather than forward as on the Aztec .	landing
There are 5 overlapping , pink or yellow , lance-shaped to almost circular sepals which are mostly long .	yellow
Sarah Brightman 's " Harem " album stayed in the Billboard Top 10 Crossover Classical chart for over 80 weeks .	stayed
The Alaskans was a 1959 – 1960 ABC / Warner Bros. western television series set during the late 1890s in the port of Skagway , Alaska .	port
In neighboring Haiti , the flooding killed thirteen people , as well as thousands of livestock .	thousands
He was horse of the year in 1973 .	horse
The decorative pieces were made from handmade molds and then baked at the Moravian Tile Works in Doylestown , Pennsylvania .	pieces
Before Ottmar Mergenthaler 's invention of the linotype in 1884 , daily newspapers were limited to eight pages .	newspapers
Wintherr has cited the Burzum albums Hvis lyset tar oss and Filosofem , among others , as an inspiration for his music .	cited
He represented the Mainpuri constituency and is a member of the Samajwadi Party political party .	constituency
At an altitude of , Malakoff Diggins generally has warm , dry summers and cold , wet winters .	cold
Office building is also the first ecologically certified building in Azerbaijan , receiving a BREEAM ecological certification .	receiving
He returned to the Pelicans on March 24 , signing with the team for the rest of the season .	signing
Annual snowfall averages 40 to 50 inches in the northern zone as compared with an average of 10-15 inches in the extreme south .	zone
Extant of Mainpuri Assembly constituency is KCs Kurawali , Mainpuri , Kuraoli NP , Jyoti Khuria NP & Mainpuri ( MB + OG ) of Mainpuri Tehsil .	constituency
It was filmed by nature film producers Stephania and Peter Lamberti off Shelly Beach , kwaZulu-Natal in 1997 and they sent this clip to Phil Heemstra .	filmed
Its administrative office is based in Dublin , Ireland and it is a registered charity .	registered
Around the age of 13 he was apprenticed to a chemical and pharmaceutical firm at Böblingen .	chemical
Schönbein described his discoveries in publications in 1840 .	publications
When Lancashire batted , Buse himself proved almost as deadly , taking four of the first five wickets that fell for just 46 runs .	proved
The girls had often been beggars or indentured to poor families .	girls
The first arrivals of Brazilian emigres were formally recorded in the 1940s .	formally
As a catcher , Redmond was known for his skill in calling the right pitches for the pitcher to throw .	calling
Finally Pinky stops the car and reveals that her father was drunk and was responsible for the accident .	accident
In 1938 he entered cadet flying school in Dęblin , from which he graduated in 1939 .	flying
In December 2014 , the AV8 was officially inducted into service with the Malaysian Army in a ceremony at the DefTech plant in Pekan .	ceremony
The series is being collected into trade paperbacks :	collected
The Germans now agreed to the forming of a Vichy French air force .	forming
He became a doctor and practiced medicine in Cleveland , Ohio .	medicine
Qualification rule : The top five finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next two fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the final .	heat
This takeover was effective as of September 29 , 2011 .	effective
It causes deformation and discolouration of the host erythrocyte .	causes
A long time passed and the Romans were ruled by Emperor Domitian ( AD 81-96 ) .	ruled
She later recalled " I suppose you expect there to be something terrible or a nasty fight , but there wasn 't ...	something
As it dies , the creature 's teeth fall out to become the islands of Orkney , Shetland and the Faroes .	islands
Empirical evidence for cointegration between the forward rate and the future spot rate is mixed .	spot
He also wrote several plays and books of fiction , including " L 'Ange Affame " .	fiction
Musician Myke Hideous of Misfits and The Bronx Casket Co. fame is also mentioned on the song 's lyrics .	lyrics
No formal albums were released by the band .	formal
She and Dot Cotton ( June Brown ) are lifelong friends , and although they wind each other up , they are completely dependent on each other .	wind
As the name “ Babilonas ” means Babylon , the interior of Babilonas is modeled after the ancient Middle East .	interior
When this had dried , he painted over it a glaze of ultramarine and " fair white " .	painted
After Ayatollah Khomeini came to power in Iran in 1979 , Tehran made clear its intention to spread its Islamic Revolution throughout the Muslim world .	spread
After three years in the academy , he was awarded his first fully professional contract ahead of the 2016-17 season .	ahead
During the University 's early years , daily chapel services and roll call for all students were mandatory , limiting	chapel
