Since 1826 , the hill Mäkiinpäällys has two of the points in the Struve Geodetic Arc .	hill
On 12 February 2008 , GDI 's shares held by QP were transferred to Gulf International Services Q.S.C .	shares
Victoria Park had been chosen in 1906 for a permanent site and in 1922 a further were vested in the University .	permanent
Gossard recalled that " everyone wasn 't on the same page " due to McCready 's absence and the familiarization with Cameron .	page
Several of the students had recently traveled to Mexico City .	traveled
On 30 January 2014 , Spence re-joined Milton Keynes Dons on loan until the end of the 2013 – 14 season .	loan
His grandson , Harshal Pushkarna , has also continued work on spreading science and knowledge by currently running Safari magazine .	knowledge
In 1897 , Jessen was promoted captain , 1st rank .	rank
The world 's earliest known organised match took place in Kent , c.1611 , at Chevening .	earliest
There he built a house , a store , a post office , and two mills powered by the creek 's flow .	flow
Raabe met with Molchan and assured him that if he continued his education , he would have a bright future ahead .	ahead
The events resulted in 13-14 Jews and 4 Arabs dead and destruction of 280 Jewish homes .	homes
In 1980 he began to organize summer courses in Western and south-eastern European music in Nafplion .	courses
On 15 May 2007 , the process for testing meat from swine was validated by USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service ( FSIS ) .	testing
The Orb are an English electronic music group founded in 1988 by Alex Paterson and The KLF member Jimmy Cauty .	electronic
In September 2005 , Hurricane Rita totally destroyed the KDEI 500-foot tower and was briefly off the air .	briefly
The following year , Grace Knight – Lynch 's future domestic partner – joined as lead vocalist .	domestic
Dead aliens drop power-up capsules which must be collected if the player is to survive to the end of the mission .	collected
Grundig ( , ) is a German manufacturer of consumer electronics , domestic appliances and personal care products .	domestic
The flowerheads are also visited by many small insects that are unlikely to pollinate " Leucospermum " , but the birds eat insects in addition to nectar .	birds
The fruit is a cluster of achenes covered with long hairs .	fruit
" My Little Eye " was scheduled for release in early 2012 .	scheduled
Russell has a diverse musical style which encompasses pop , soul , dance , and jazz .	jazz
There , he was appointed deputy auditor of Spokane County .	deputy
Mario Van Peebles portrayed the player in the 1991 made-for-television movie , " " , which was based on the life of Ricky Bell .	portrayed
The match ended in disqualification when Steen hit Cabana with a steel chair .	steel
Tunisia had plans for two nuclear power stations , to be operational by 2019 .	nuclear
Shawl scrotum is a condition in which the scrotum surrounds the penis , resembling a ' shawl ' .	condition
In 2005 , her role as cardiovascular consultant to the Los Angeles Zoo required her consult on an emperor tamarin experiencing heart failure .	failure
It showcases the latest Japanese films to the American audience .	audience
Introduced in early 1996 as a 1997 model , the F-150 was a completely new vehicle in comparison from its predecessor .	vehicle
The 2015 IIHF Women 's World Championship Division I was an international Ice hockey tournament run by the International Ice Hockey Federation .	hockey
Adebiyi whose married name is Abiola has arranged for the Coca-Cola and GlaxoSmithKline to subsidise their operation .	arranged
She retained the title of " Queen of the Lakes " for 22 years as the longest and largest freighter on the Great Lakes .	retained
Several features of the plane were incorporated into airplane models sold by the magazine ’ s advertisers .	plane
Recently , in March 2009 , she was sixth of the German ranking .	ranking
" Complex " was one of the websites to stream the EP live and give it a positive review , with HipHopDX also streaming it .	stream
In his senior year , he played in all 13 games , posting 45 tackles ( 33 solo ) , two interceptions , and defended 13 passes .	passes
Raymond James sold $ 2.3 billion worth of ARS , underwrote $ 1.2 billion , and was the auction dealer for over $ 725 million .	worth
Argentina throughout its history has always depended on foreign trade to achieve a solid economic and social growth .	achieve
The program also offers support for raster graphics , rich text , audio and video embedding , and ActionScript scripting .	rich
The novel was adapted into the film " Sphere " in 1998 .	adapted
Pitman started the race at 7 : 45 a.m. in cold and foggy conditions , and on a weak tide .	cold
Nearly half of the canal 's water seeps out into lakes and salt swamps along its path .	path
Mr Smith 's campaign led to changes in the rules concerning inquests to violent deaths of UK citizens occurring outside the country .	citizens
Located at a height of 1486 metres , Trevélez is not the highest recognised municipality in Spain .	height
Mingo City 's lightning field can only be penetrated by flying " Ajax " into it at a suicidal speed .	flying
It measured 5.9 on the moment magnitude scale .	scale
Only of line had been laid by April 1912 .	laid
Outside of sport , Wu 's hobbies include embroidery and listening to music .	sport
It is soon revealed Marlborough might have been a better choice : life at Repton was a living Hell .	choice
In the case that a user does like a certain online product or service , the discoverability has to be repeatable .	user
Unique among the Boston Harbor Islands , it has an interior lagoon which fills and partly drains , with the tide .	interior
Leaves are long and narrow and have pointed tips ; they can be up to long and wide .	narrow
Pentatonic scales occur in the following traditions :	occur
For many years he has collaborated with the Teatro Stabile di Catania , becoming its artistic director in 2007 .	artistic
Ed Donovan was the founder , publisher and editor of " Police Stress " , an international journal .	journal
Mooney toys with Harry and makes Harry and Alice believe he has kidnapped and killed their daughter Shirley .	believe
However , there have also been times when Kim showed both true affection and appreciation for them and their skills .	skills
By 2 : 00 a.m. on December 14 , one column was skirmishing with Union pickets .	column
Swensen was listed third on aiCIO 's 2012 , a list of the 100 most influential institutional investors worldwide .	influential
Threadless began as a T-shirt design competition on the now defunct dreamless.org , a forum where users experimented with computers , code , and art .	users
Finally rejoining the Ulam tribe , the group present the fire to the delight of all .	tribe
Jim Malec of The 9513 also gave a three-star review , saying the songs were well written and performed , but lacked a sense of personality .	sense
She has a single car deck divided into three lanes , with the central lane of sufficient width for two cars or one large commercial vehicle .	vehicle
Rumors held that the character was based on Paul McCartney of The Beatles , but this was publicly denied .	denied
According to a survey conducted in 2012 , fewer than four in 10 Algerians identified with a Francophone identity .	identity
It is currently found in the Južnoslovenská and Malokarpatská wine regions of southwest Slovakia .	southwest
Established in the court case Katz v. United States , this test currently governs Fourth Amendment scope not outlined within legislation .	legislation
The ellipse was aligned with Lincoln Road , and most burials here faced east .	faced
With its diverse public , the programme also aims to open up new audiences to the discovery of modern and contemporary art .	programme
Clans take communal responsibility for protecting and raising their wyrmlings .	responsibility
The area now known as Manatee County had been inhabited by Native Americans for thousands of years .	thousands
He has remained at Chester since then , apart from a loan spell with AFC Fylde in his first season at the club .	loan
In April 1951 the newly established " Birmingham Museum of Art " presented a public " Opening Exhibition " housed in five unused rooms in City Hall .	rooms
Motor-driven valves were used to switch the reactors between online operation and offline regeneration and a cycle timer managed the switching .	cycle
Red Cross workers cleaned hundreds of contaminated wells in the region , thereby restoring clean water access ; this task was finished by August .	task
With regards to computational neurogenetic modeling , however , it is often used to refer to those specifically designed for biological accuracy rather than computational efficiency .	specifically
The movement had around 200,000 followers at its height ( less than 0.3 % of the population ) .	height
This all changed in extra time when Chelsea took control .	extra
The boys live together in Los Angeles along with Jacob 's boyfriend Nick .	boys
Although Beaverbrook was married and thirty years her senior , he and Koopman began , in 1934 , an affair that lasted some years .	lasted
He was replaced on an initially temporary basis with former Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron .	temporary
Led by Christopher Winters , Glenelg 's Marching Unit and Jazz and Symphonic Bands have earned superior ratings in all competitions for 42 years to date .	competitions
In 1942 , the town prepared to receive men assigned to the newly opened Naval Air Station Banana River .	prepared
Pyrford has three golf courses : Pyrford Golf Course , Wisley Golf Course and Traditions .	courses
Originally published quarterly from 1916 through 1942 , the " Gazette " transitioned to a bi-monthly cycle in 1943 and then monthly in 1944 .	cycle
The Cubs won the pennant four times between 1906 and 1910 , often defeating the Giants en route to the World Series .	defeating
Lorri Houston ( aka Lorri Bauston ) is a pioneer for the farm animal sanctuary movement .	animal
He is also an artist with works on display with the Art of the Olympians .	display
Dash DaMont , Crash Cranston , and Burn Berman are the three huge and fearsome members of Team Impossible .	huge
Common photography related to creative and artistic photography often shows their results in a different way .	artistic
The problem was severe enough that Governor Deval Patrick ordered the lab shut down .	severe
Osama bin Laden interpreted the Islamic prophet Muhammad as banning the " permanent presence of infidels in Arabia " .	permanent
The Latin American Parliament ( " Parlatino " ) is a regional , permanent organization composed by the countries of Latin America and the Caribbean .	permanent
Kreator signed with Nuclear Blast in early 2010 , before embarking on a North American tour in March to celebrate their 25th anniversary .	anniversary
Declining congregations have resulted in overcapacity , and Christ Church was threatened with closure in 2006 .	threatened
Orangemen and their supporters clashed with the Royal Ulster Constabulary ( RUC ) until the residents were persuaded to clear the road and the march went ahead .	ahead
Borsonia silicea is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae .	marine
Access is often done with helicopter or ski-equipped plane ( normally from Iceland ) .	plane
Brendan , the editor of supernatural magazine " The Inexplicable " , calls in The Kabin with a batch of the latest edition .	calls
On November 20 , 2011 , Stewart collected a season-high eight solo tackles as the Rams lost 24 – 7 to the Seattle Seahawks .	collected
It is one of the last surviving two-story wood-frame African-American school buildings in Georgia .	surviving
Males had a median income of $ 56,250 versus $ 28,295 for females .	versus
Gordon would win the race by 1.73 seconds over Earnhardt .	seconds
They were larger and better armored , but had only nine 280 mm guns .	guns
Yearly Muziekcentrum De Toonzaal in collaboration with ( CBK ) gives away the CBK Toonzaalprijs award .	collaboration
A more specialised branch of the Svazarm , based at Košice , trained pilots for the air force .	trained
There are laboratories with minimum adequate facilities for the science subjects .	subjects
The Aurukun Primary Health Care Centre is run by Apunipima Cape York Health Council , a community controlled Aboriginal Medical Service .	controlled
In 2005 , he said to Reuters that " Gas production has peaked in North America . "	peaked
Just before the start of the 2011 playoffs Beaubois sprained his left foot in a game against the Warriors .	foot
Annual infections can occur anywhere from December to June and can take place throughout any point during and following harvesting .	occur
Four of the hangars were used for woodworking in 1962 and in 1995 , one was used as a flax mill .	mill
Chief occupations are farming , olive growing , fishing and seafaring .	fishing
The changes were aimed at liberating the country from foreign financial control and improving the country 's economy .	economy
Construction eventually began in 1997 and the first generators were commissioned in 2003 .	commissioned
The parterre was converted into a semicircle of lawn and its quadrants planted with fruit .	fruit
No railroads exist for over in any direction from the strait .	exist
It does not grow on the surface when inoculated into Sabouraud broth .	grow
Khartaphu ( also Kardapu ) is a mountain in the Himalayas of Asia at the head of the Kharta valley .	valley
Nest architecture may be as useful for distinguishing species as the animals ' physical appearance .	architecture
The termination - " ales " is only coincidentally identical to that appropriate to the rank of order .	rank
During the British Mandate , postage stamps and services were provided by British authorities .	authorities
To Willard it was " the equivalent of a gold album ! . "	equivalent
Sommervogel continued at Rue Vaugirard until 1865 , continuing his course of philosophy meanwhile .	philosophy
John Chaney , former head coach of Temple University , is the most famous proponent of this defense .	defense
Holloway 's parents responded by filing a wrongful death lawsuit against the Kalpoes in the same venue .	venue
An England v Wales match was played at the ground in 1907 , followed by a rugby league international between England and Australia in 1911 .	rugby
In December 2013 , he bowled ZTBL to victory in the national T20 final with impressive figures of 5 wickets for 9 runs in four overs .	figures
In 2018 , he won a second straight German championship .	straight
Her 1982 novel " The Red Magician " won a National Book Award in the one-year category Original Paperback	category
Sam Rubin revealed Brian 's identity on the air at the end of the bit !	identity
However , this book ends midway during the trip , in Elzian .	trip
On 3 September 1901 , the new Australian flag flew for the first time from the dome of the Royal Exhibition Building in Melbourne .	flag
Danny leaves the town on a boat and Corrina goes back to her mother .	boat
Initially airing with a stable of regular contributors but no single host , " Brand X " premiered on June 26 , 1993 .	premiered
Both paroccipital processes are short and parietals are weakly developed .	processes
He died in Melbourne , Victoria on 3 September 2005 , age 91 of unspecified causes .	causes
Most students in grades 8-12 attend Eureka County High School , 47 miles north of Duckwater .	attend
The HUD shows red when the player is very close , and blue when very far .	blue
181 , during the spring and summer of 1835 , 12 years after the composition of his Symphony No .	composition
It has a height of 2.1 metres and it is 0.99 metres wide .	height
Coaches begin narrowing down the playing field by training the contestants with the help of " trusted advisors " .	begin
Amanita was his first EP and was released by Dead Hackers Society on Atari Falcon as a music disk and in music stores March 2010 .	stores
A new profile was posted every week until the series was discontinued in 2008 .	posted
Praphai and her husband Khun Sewi even changed their wedding to follow a more modern format .	follow
Tillman 's wharf also attracted settlers , as it was a steamboat stop .	attracted
Endangered green sea turtles deposit an average of tens of nests along the city 's ocean beach each year	beach
It originally distributed home video titles and eventually grew to theatrical film distribution .	distributed
The village also had a technique for catching the local trout in the river .	technique
The song became the Cure 's first American hit and reached number 40 on the " Billboard " charts in 1988 .	charts
The popularity of the episode has led Cartoon Network to market several versions of the game .	popularity
A panoramic photograph taken from one vantage point on the island in 1910 shows more boats in Hay and West harbors than there are mature trees .	boats
is planned , with full subscriptions being sold in advance .	advance
Enough pressurization and then subsequent depressurization can liquefy most gases , as exemplified by the Joule-Thomson effect .	subsequent
Bonaparte was dissatisfied by the sole battery — called the " Mountain " , positioned on the height of Saint-Laurent since 19 September .	height
Some " Lost Souls " LPC code is also occasionally released into the public domain via lpmuds.net .	occasionally
The book , in particular , follows the events through the eyes of a small child .	eyes
On June 29 , 2014 , the Phillies traded Cedeño to the Arizona Diamondbacks in exchange for Raywilly Gomez .	exchange
Seacrest Country Day School is a private school in Naples , Florida that educates students from Preschool through 12th grade .	12th
The term “ plant strategies ” has many definitions , and includes several different mechanisms for responding to one ’ s environment .	environment
The headmaster , Dahl describes an occasion when his friend received several brutal strokes of the cane from the headmaster as punishment for misbehaviour .	describes
The rescue team can neither unjam the door nor blast it open with lasers without igniting the oxygen .	door
There are two main requirements for mRNA degradation to take place :	requirements
The friends go to the distant past , many-many centuries ago .	centuries
Denis Schneider is a French painter born in Metz in 1946 .	painter
Smyth 's research was in the subfields of petrology , chemical geology , and economic geology .	chemical
The valet gives Angel and Darla bad news though as it is revealed that Darla is already living her second chance at life .	chance
In order to move past the particle some new boundary must be created , and this is energetically unfavourable .	boundary
In early July Ries wrote to his brother to inform his about the beginning of the composition of the finale :	composition
Added bonus : some classic Zayn falsetto . "	classic
The gate opens onto three pathways which continues through the complex .	onto
After having received a promise from the convalescent Russian officers not to flee , Funke did not hold them in prison but invited them at his home .	invited
Flash pretends to attack Mingo City alone on his rocket cycle .	cycle
These practices are still in use today because of how well-founded the early principles had been ( Stefanović et al .	practices
NJSA 04 is currently one of four teams in New Jersey to participate in the United States Development Academy Soccer League .	participate
The cap above the lantern indicates the signal color .	signal
Pouchie died shortly after and was buried on September 4 , 2015 at the Saint Raymond 's Cemetery in the Bronx .	shortly
The gape in the male is black when breeding , and pale yellow at other times .	yellow
The most common causes of tongue enlargement are vascular malformations ( e.g .	causes
The response was very good and this tournament held at Karada and called as " Pandanda Cup " attracted around 60 families .	attracted
The " LA Weekly " described it as a " smart , compelling talk ... which became the essay ' Sick Woman Theory ' " .	talk
The census definition of the area may not precisely correspond to local understanding of the area with the same name .	understanding
There are lots of big stories and big ideas .	ideas
The University of Hagen supports focus- and profile-oriented research .	supports
She later wrote a 2006 book , converted , about her experiences .	experiences
The largest SLR drive can hold 70 GB of data ( 140 GB compressed ) .	drive
Defensive coordinator Jim Young assumed the coaching responsibilities for the game .	assumed
Radio programs were broadcast in Swahili , and its use was widespread in the countries he visited .	widespread
He also published his complete articles in " Fasces Exonienses " .	articles
Countries have reserves of gold and silver for two purposes : ( 1 ) Home Circulation , and ( 2 ) External Circulation in World Markets .	purposes
Originally a Wheels home game , the contest was moved to London , Ontario .	contest
Barlaam viewed this doctrine of " uncreated light " to be polytheistic because as it postulated two eternal substances , a visible and an invisible God .	visible
The book provides insight into the world of influence from a master of corporate power as opposed to leaders who practice personal power .	opposed
DART First State provides bus service to Townsend along Route 302 , which heads north to Middletown and Newark and south to Smyrna and Dover .	heads
" 2015 Novak Djokovic tennis season	tennis
The neighborhood can be accessed from either the Wilson or Lawrence stop on the CTA 's Red Line .	neighborhood
He won the TNA World Tag Team Championship in July 2007 at TNA 's Victory Road PPV event and held it solo his entire reign .	reign
He frequently laments , " Whatever happened to Gary Cooper ? "	happened
The plant is endemic to northern California .	endemic
The famous St. Joseph 's Doora-Barefield club provided the opposition , however , Kilmayley still came up short and Lynch ended up on the defeated side .	opposition
On 22 August 2014 , IPTL announced it had reached an agreement for the Middle East and North Africa television broadcasting rights with Abu Dhabi Media .	broadcasting
She has been posted at different positions in the bureaucracy in Uttar Pradesh .	posted
She also indulged her interest in aviation by attending special events and flying when she could .	flying
In 1985 , Franco-Nevada acquired for US $ 2 million a royalty on a small mining operation in the heart of the Carlin gold belt of Nevada .	mining
Its chief merit lies in the description of the connection of art with the general and religious culture of the different periods .	connection
The fur on the throat is darker than on the rest of the body , sometimes almost blackish in colour , especially in males .	colour
The events of the 1930s , such as the 1938 Blomberg – Fritsch Affair , further strengthened his antipathy to the Nazis .	1930s
He intended to make " The Deserters " for UA , from a script by Wright , but that was not made either .	script
There are both " addressed " ( ABM ) and " broadcast " ( BBM ) variants of the message .	message
It is equipped with a full size astroturf pitch .	equipped
Six blocks were realized of the town plan , i.e .	blocks
She expresses confusion about who she is now , then asks Lindsey why he hasn 't kissed her - he obviously wants to .	asks
As a result , the Pathé News reel is actually the shortest in showing the crash .	showing
More studies are required to understand the discrepancy associated with many laboratory manifestations , including an impaired Th17 differentiation among patients .	patients
She regularly performs in TV films and series .	regularly
Corman announced he would follow it with a similar comedy , " The Bloodshot Private Eye " .	follow
The center of the stamps bears the Ottoman coat of arms surrounding the tughra of Abdul Hamid II .	arms
From 1912 , then , he was a technical director of the Norwegian State Railways .	technical
Ruby Lane was founded by Tom Johnson and Jim Wilcoxson in 1998 and named in honor of Johnson 's mother , Ruby .	honor
Marsh named the find " Hesperornis regalis " , or " regal western bird " .	bird
The title song included lyrics by Sammy Cahn and was performed under the main titles by vocalist Eydie Gorme .	lyrics
English is spoken by all and is compulsorily taught in schools .	spoken
In 1997 , the book was abridged for radio by Alison Joseph and broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in eight 15-minute episodes , read by Emma Fielding .	read
This can be seen in the many changes in this period , including a great deal of downtown infrastructure .	downtown
In contrast , in wide horns with flare angles approaching 90 ° most of the reflection is at the throat .	contrast
As of one year after its issuance , it authorized the Bureau of Labor to investigate and address similar complaints from those employed by government contractors .	address
The burning is honored each year by a ceremony in Annapolis .	ceremony
To relieve his boredom , Emperor Ming the Merciless of the planet Mongo declares that he will play with and destroy Earth by remotely causing natural disasters .	causing
This concept has been adopted by the majority of fans but is still met with mixed opinions by some .	fans
The other working groups focused on the following topics :	focused
Elected candidates take office seven days after the election .	candidates
Food additives generally do not fall under this category , unless they have a use other than for human consumption .	category
Around 152 , the abbot of Fulda Abbey had " Burg Stolzenberg " ( see below ) erected .	erected
He was on a school expedition to the Mediterranean when World War II was declared .	expedition
Naranarayan sent him an official warning regarding the infringement upon the sovereignty of Bhurishrestha .	regarding
Designated in the middle of the 1920s , SR 181 primarily serves as a short route connecting traffic between Crestline and Ontario .	1920s
Goals can score a range of points depending on how far out they are scored from .	depending
SkyWest Airlines and ASA have maintained separate hub feeder operations at their respective hubs .	maintained
After the race he was unsettled , and rather than risk damage , he was returned to New Zealand .	risk
In the 2006 – 2007 season the Panthers had over 180 junior members .	junior
Section 57 of the Act covers trafficking " into " the UK for sexual exploitation .	sexual
North Korea and South Korea share a common heritage , but the political division since 1945 has resulted in some divergence of their modern cultures .	heritage
It has been translated into English by Megan McDowell .	translated
The history of Amer is indelibly linked to these rulers as they founded their empire at Amer .	linked
On November 15 , 2017 , it was announced that JGL would form a partnership with Roush Fenway Racing and move to Ford for 2018 .	partnership
However , by using his force field generation capabilities he could also breathe in space .	generation
Marhara Assembly constituency ( ) is one of the 403 constituencies of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly , India .	constituency
According to the company website , Akkord has completed $ 1.7 billion worth of construction projects .	worth
Anderson joined the cast of " Fairly Legal " on USA Network in Fall 2010 in the recurring role of David Smith , appearing in three episodes .	appearing
Moments later , Fa landed another body shot for another knockdown , and referee Flynn Gerald waved off the fight at 2 minutes , 36 seconds .	seconds
Grace Kingsley of the " Los Angeles Times " gave the actors high marks .	actors
First West of England operate six depots : Bristol bus station , Lawrence Hill , Hengrove , Bath , Weston-super-Mare and Wells .	operate
Both gene regulatory networks and artificial neural networks have two main strategies for improving their accuracy .	gene
the physician may make application in the prescribed form for a psychiatric assessment of the person .	application
As new mayor , he succeeded the SPD politician Bernhard Brehl .	mayor
Gonen informed Sharon of Adan 's new orders and tasked Sharon with capturing the Chinese Farm and Egyptian positions near the farm and the canal .	orders
Yelü Yixin then went on to execute the Crown Prince and any other officials he did not like .	officials
The Convention consequently voted to insert the words " to the same overt act " after " two witnesses . "	voted
The first civilian target to be bombed from the air was the Belgian city of Antwerp .	target
A 2007 article by the journal " Middle East Report " reported that Lebanon hosted around 40,000 Iraqi refugees .	journal
The Voyage of Snedgus and Mac Riagla is one of the three surviving Immrama , or ancient Irish voyage tales .	surviving
La Tour-St-Austrille itself was part of Aquitaine , and only slightly further north was the kingdom of France , with the frontier fluctuating between Boussac and Parsac .	slightly
Furthermore , large sand particles can be described as " coarse " , intermediate as " medium " , and the smaller as " fine " .	fine
From 2004 all Social Science , Humanities and Home Science Post-graduate programmes have been run as semester courses .	courses
They can also participate in the guided ship tour and to get to know the icebreaker from the engine room to the bridge .	participate
The clip features Evans performing with her band in front of a dazzling light wall in inside an ornate , yet " definitely hip space . "	performing
A little over a year later , the California Court of Appeal for the Second District ruled in her favor .	ruled
He and his friends several times solve real crimes including murder and kidnapping .	murder
At the same time , the regiment 's soldiers come from 22 countries and are of various backgrounds .	regiment
The auction for Olivia Pope starts on the free market and everyone try to get access to the event .	starts
During the early 20th century , manufacturing industries became the main source of revenue for Michigan – in large part , because of the automobile .	manufacturing
The name comes from the Swedish television series " Vi på Saltkråkan " based on a script by Astrid Lindgren and not originally a book .	script
Their two children , Mark and Kerry , are visual artists .	visual
Harriott married , and after trying his hand at underwriting and the wine trade , settled down as a farmer at his native place in Essex .	trying
At an intellectual level , anti-imperialism appealed strongly to Marxists and liberals across the world .	strongly
These regions received transitional , " phasing out " support during the previous funding period of 2007 – 13 .	funding
In the early 1990s Goodfellow attempted to commercialize this concept in a product called RadioMail .	attempted
She notably sang the role of Ortlinde on the Met 's 1990 recording of " Die Walküre " which won the Grammy Award for Best Opera Recording .	notably
He is buried in the adjacent town of Cold Spring Harbor , in the cemetery of St. John 's Church .	adjacent
The defending Pan American Games champion is Cristin McCarty , Peggy Hyslop , Zoe Hoskins and Nathalie Maurer of Canada .	defending
solvent ( water ) gets immobilized within the polymer network by means of hydrogen bonds and also van der Waals forces .	gets
The € 700 million-power station was reduced to a " mangled shell " , and the electricity supply to approximately half of Cyprus was interrupted .	supply
Machhra is well known for education in adjacent area .	adjacent
Beijing Normal University was also among the first Chinese institutions to recruit international students .	institutions
Shyamalan had an early desire to be a filmmaker when he was given a Super 8 camera at a young age .	camera
Rose first stood in the Clacton by-election on 9 October 2014 .	stood
In an interview published in the " Radio Times " in May 2013 , Karren Brady made it plain she " could never be a housewife " .	interview
He died on 31 October 2003 , aged 65 .	aged
Steve Maish was the winner of the event , defeating Arron Monk in the final to secure the final place in the 2009 Grand Slam of Darts .	defeating
The island has several pockets of white sand beaches , hidden lagoons and nature trails that lead to lush tropical rainforest .	tropical
Sculpture on display in the University Museum of Philadelphia might be fragments of the other two sides .	display
He subsequently transferred to Florida State University for the remainder of his collegiate career , where he switched to the point guard position .	guard
They could also defend the Channel when some months later a Spanish fleet of Galleys was defeated by an Anglo Dutch force .	fleet
The cemetery was the primary burial ground in the town for a century after its establishment in 1762 .	establishment
Lough Lene 's clear water also acts as a reservoir for many surrounding villages .	acts
The Economic and Social Research Institute and Trinity College Dublin agreed to a strategic partnership in July 2010 .	partnership
In particular , short-chain fatty acids , such as butyric acid , are malodorous .	acid
The event grounds are available for rental during the rest of the year .	grounds
" See here for tiebreakers if two or more teams are equal on points . "	equal
These trains were capable of operating under 1,500 V DC or 20 kV AC ( 50 / 60 Hz ) overhead wire power supplies .	capable
Porky gets on board and the train departs .	gets
On October 20 , 2010 they announced that they would hold two final concerts - one in Germany , and one in Mexico .	concerts
The Metropolitan Sewerage District was reorganized into the MWRA , a larger agency , in 1985 .	agency
The melody would later be adapted into many different songs throughout history .	adapted
Elias Zacklin is the owner of The Helio Cafe , a small coffee shop in East Hollywood , Los Angeles , that lacks customers .	shop
Three weeks later she was retaken by a British vessel and sent to either Lisbon or Cadiz .	vessel
The wreck is located at : at a depth of in sand on the Haisborough Sands .	depth
Unser stretched his fuel to Lap 70 ; 14 laps to go .	fuel
The hall was constructed using stone from Derbyshire quarries , primarily Duffield and Ashover , with floors of marble from Ashford .	hall
Isabella also spent a considerable part of her youth on campaign with her parents as they conquered the remaining Muslim states in southern Spain .	considerable
Nonetheless , Peterson called a snap provincial election in 1990 , and his party was resoundingly defeated by the NDP .	provincial
Kaufmann was the author of dozens of publications , almost exclusively in Hebrew .	publications
The Court established that an individual is liable for all harm that flows from his or her conduct even where the harm was not intended .	flows
The relative value of labor-power will fall even though it will not absolutely .	relative
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of its teachers were rated " Highly Qualified " under No Child Left Behind .	teachers
He also competed for USA in exhibition baseball tournament in Stockholm .	exhibition
Kholmsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
Darla asks him to help , and tells Lindsey that Angel is the only one who can do anything for her .	asks
All 24 foreign crew members were rescued by Namibian authorities .	authorities
A total of 18,816 households were counted in this woreda , resulting in an average of 4.50 persons to a household , and 18,371 housing units .	persons
He has long dark-brown hair and a slight moustache .	hair
Though " Pomme Fritz " reached # 6 on the British charts , critics panned it as " doodling " .	charts
The Pennsylvania Auditor General 's office reported that 47 % of eligible property owners , in Clarion County , applied for the property tax relief .	owners
China denied the findings of the report .	denied
According to deHavilland , Stewart proposed marriage to her in 1940 , but she felt that he was not ready to settle down .	felt
Amongst those aged between 15 and 65 the unemployment rate is 23.7 % .	aged
The city 's local government , particularly during the mayoralty of Marion Barry , was criticized for mismanagement and waste .	criticized
By 1870 , however , the cemetery faced a problem : A significant number of individuals had purchased lots but failed to pay .	faced
After much experimentation , Jake eventually decides to morph into and emulate the sound of a trumpet , while Finn feigns playing him .	decides
Most victims since the uprisings have been Buddhist and Muslim bystanders .	victims
Light snowfall after the passage of a strong cold front is occasional during winter months , but snow usually melts quickly .	cold
None of these claims overlap .	claims
Although seeking broad public support , the National Initiative for Democracy has been largely spearheaded by the work of Mike Gravel .	broad
ESUSD has been the blueprint for other rural school districts in strategic planning , governance team development and overall student achievement .	planning
Between 1980 and 1984 , Fulham rugby league played their home games at the Cottage .	rugby
The technical registry operator is KSregistry .	technical
He started the Baltimore Ravens ' season-opener against the Cincinnati Bengals and collected a season-high nine combined tackles during their 23 – 16 loss .	collected
The two-story brick and stucco house was completed in 1929 .	brick
Strelka is a non-profit postgraduate education institution .	institution
The ancient city that existed 1km to the south-west is known to archaeologists as Tel Kabri , though its Canaanite name is not known .	existed
The feast in honor of San Isidro is declared of National Tourist Interest in Andalusia and is one of the most important celebrations in province of Malaga .	honor
Cryptochromes absorb blue light and UV-A .	blue
Another colonial , merchant Francis Ferrari of Genoa , was naturalized as a citizen of Rhode Island in 1752 .	colonial
In 1963 , all her original guns were removed and replaced by two quadruple and two twin Bofors 40 mm gun mounts .	guns
With Hideyoshi 's army laying siege to his home , Katsuie set the castle ablaze ; he and Oichi perished in it .	castle
In that year , Oliver was contacted by King 's College Hospital , where they were in urgent need of a blood donor .	blood
Ralf has been highly popular with gamers , having appeared in several popularity polls from journals .	popularity
Burgenland Croatian and the Prekmurje dialect of Slovene ( in Prekmurje and Hungary ) have influenced each other .	influenced
The simple leaves are leathery in texture , with untoothed ( entire ) margins .	simple
As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,863 people , 1,539 households , and 1,063 families residing in the city .	residing
Many of the subregions above have now been modified to give IBRA regions , among which are :	modified
In 2006 the Charity Commission censured the Tate for the purchase , but did not revoke it .	purchase
John Mitchell of MTV News noted that the video continued Lopez 's " trend " of " flaunting her men in videos " .	videos
Around 1624 Rubens delivered a monumental altarpiece for the abbey church , " The Adoration of the Magi " .	delivered
The Red Terror is a weapon used against a class that , despite being doomed to destruction , does not want to perish " .	want
All practice sessions are recorded so that the client may review the performance and measure their growth .	measure
The movie went on to become a relative critical and financial success .	relative
Following the war , the house came under ownership of the London Council Council , and it re-opened in 1950 .	ownership
He asks Ansaldo to marry him .	asks
The ship can reach speeds of over and is powered by two Westinghouse A4W nuclear reactors and has four 5-bladed propellers of each .	nuclear
16 kHz wide signals with 5 kHz deviation is normal in this band .	normal
Her three-year-old season earned her both the Three Year-Old of the Year award and Horse of the Year , a rare feat for a filly .	rare
In the meantime the app reached the 1 million download mark on Google Play .	mark
West Hoboken was incorporated as a township by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 28 , 1861 , from portions of North Bergen Township .	township
Communications Arts ' curriculum focuses especially on communications skills .	skills
In 2014 he became a founding member of Frederiksberg Country Club , a local scene for live experimental music of all genres .	founding
Plans for the pier were scrapped in 2017 due to legal trouble and cost overruns , as the budget had gone over $ 200 million by then .	budget
Poor navigation meant that she had missed Milford Haven but had sailed via the Dyfi Estuary instead .	meant
Janvier spent several years in Colorado , New Mexico and Mexico , thereby gaining inspiration and material for much of his literary work .	literary
" Invincible Spirit " was staged to improve combined operations capability and as a show of deterrence following the ROKS " Cheonan " sinking .	improve
After four appearances for Rangers , Basham returned to Bolton when his loan deal expired .	loan
Back at the Penguins Unlimited facility , it is announced that the dark matter has dramatically increased the penguins ' reproductive speed .	matter
In 1936 , Ezzat was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class , after having lost his fight to William Passmore .	eliminated
The film ends with title cards stating that Michael Djerzinski received the Nobel Prize .	cards
The house was designed by Alfred E. Stone , a prominent local architect , for Mason , a self-made successful wholesaler of grocery and meat products .	architect
Praxair in Mims produces liquid oxygen for the Kennedy Space Center .	produces
Although many insurers will accept policies of cohabiting couples , they could potentially be invalidated .	policies
In 2013 , Clarion Area Junior Senior High School declined to Warning Adequate Yearly Progress ( AYP ) status .	declined
The " LFY " is similar to the LFX , but adds stop-start technology and has improved airflow .	improved
She explained that the song and video show that the album has " real songs " , not just uptempo ones for clubs .	ones
After his death in 1996 , his bass was inherited by John Taylor of Duran Duran .	bass
The boys argue about how being known as gay could negatively affect them both professionally and personally .	boys
O 'Hehir described his character 's connection with Serena Bishop ( Lara Sacher ) as " instant " .	connection
The air echelon of the squadron left India on 27 September on the first leg of its journey back to the Zone of the Interior .	squadron
It was an airline which specialized in both domestic and international destinations .	domestic
Miami Palmetto has two publications : the newspaper , " The Panther " , and the yearbook , " Palm Echo " .	publications
" Phymatotrichopsis omnivora " is a necrotic fungal pathogen that has a very broad host range , attacking almost 2000 dicotyledonus species .	broad
Starting with the third year , a student begins to commute to their base regularly , becoming essentially a part-time employee .	regularly
Mike Ditka , a tight end for the Bears from 1961 to 1966 , was hired to coach the team by George Halas in 1982 .	hired
The mission is to stealthily attack the planet and plant the Reaction Weaponry in the chamber which houses the Protodevilns ' bodies .	bodies
The hallmark for Reaganomics was , in part , the wide-scale deregulation of corporate interests , and tax cuts for the wealthy .	interests
Middletown 's commerce has grown accordingly .	grown
In January 2012 , she made a clutch shot for her team that helped them beat Canberra .	beat
From 2004 the Wrangler has been complemented with long-wheelbase versions , called Wrangler " Unlimited " ( until the release of the JL generation ) .	generation
Gaston never had any sons , Beatrice of Savoy bore him no children so his heirs were his four daughters .	daughters
Excluding the temporary stars , the following teams have chosen to add stars to their shirts :	temporary
Powell started his career with Milton Keynes Dons , and made his first-team debut aged 17 in 2008 .	aged
Captain George Barrett of the Nantucket whaler " Independence II " has been identified as the first whaler to hunt the waters around Tuvalu .	waters
The round included eight birdies and one bogey in ten holes from the 8th to the 17th .	17th
After the Korea war the market dived , but as an economist Næss was sure the market would rise again .	rise
Before he had reached his 20th year he was an excellent performer on the piano , organ , violin , and cello .	piano
It has been distributed well by various organisations such as Gideons International , the next edition is planned to be released in 2016 .	distributed
Secondly , how much one should decentralize or delegate or debureaucratize or democratize in order to achieve the goals ?	achieve
This habitat has now all but disappeared due to the other trees becoming pushed back into higher regions .	habitat
Nagraj succeeded in his task , but upon confrontation with Gorakhnath and his mystic black mongoose shikangi , was defeated .	task
The term " microhardness " has been widely employed in the literature to describe the hardness testing of materials with low applied loads .	testing
The PASS Outlaw Late Model series existed for three seasons .	existed
They impeded the invaders ' penetration into their lands , aided by the natural difficulties of the rainforest .	lands
Philippa praises her fortune for sending her a " sweet young gallant " to replace Francisco .	replace
It was designed for Control Line flying use only and was marketed as a " Competition " engine and sold for $ 6.95 .	flying
Their acid breath is not to be taken lightly .	acid
He studied painting in his hometown of Guadalajara before moving to Mexico City to begin his career .	begin
As in his painting his style in digital art is somewhat dark and shows the dark sides of life .	somewhat
Mexico 's fans are infamously known for the chant " " ¡ eeeh puto !	fans
These events consist of lectures , discussion fora , and symposia aimed at strengthening the links between the greater Puget Sound area and the global community .	global
Its lyrics compare the process of winning someone 's heart with a game of Russian roulette .	lyrics
" The Tosca Room " walls were covered in soot , while the floors were covered by plexiglass & terra cotta alphabet .	walls
It has also been translated into Spanish .	translated
Cantrell also played bass on the last track , " Love Song " .	bass
A steamship operated by the Frederica and Philadelphia Navigation Company linked Frederica with Philadelphia until the onset of the Great Depression .	linked
Coal-based thermal power stations consume large quantities of coal .	coal
Although Belldandy has never lied about this situation , she has also never told him .	situation
At this time " Fairview " was described by Thomas Ashe as a " very pretty house , well timbered and regularly built .	regularly
The largest ethnic group reported in Naeder Adet was the Tigrayan ( 99.95 % ) .	ethnic
The discrete-stable distributions have been used in numerous fields , in particular in scale-free networks such as the internet , social networks or even semantic networks	fields
In the Iron Age the area became the southernmost territory of the Pennine tribe called the Brigantes .	tribe
In 2009 , the Independent Days took part in Das Fest , one of the biggest open-air events in Germany , with four short film programs .	biggest
It was significantly delayed , however , when several faults were found with the tank 's design .	significantly
A version of the song was collected by Cecil Sharp in 1906 .	collected
On January 1 , 1932 , parts of abolished Krasnogorodsky District were merged into Pushkinsky District .	merged
The compositions were inspired by the drawings and paintings of the Bern-based artist Paul Klee and the CD gained national and international appreciation .	paintings
In the first episode of Series 4 , Anna seems to be very , very pregnant but who is the father ?	seems
American Character developed and used the concept as early as 1963 in their " Pre-Teen " Tressy , and later fashion dolls Tressy and Cricket .	fashion
In several cases , notably " L.K .	notably
Construction of the sanitarium building began in 1892 as a five-story ell-shaped brick structure in the Richardsonian Romanesque style .	brick
If , the two products are defined , but have different sizes ; thus they cannot be equal .	equal
Before him his father , Mr. Muhammad Jameel Didi studied in Egypt during King Fuad and Farooq 's reign .	reign
McFarlane noted the album had " 22 excellent tracks , [ it ] drew on blues , gospel and country elements " .	drew
A stretch in Yorba Linda between Yorba Linda Boulevard and Orangethorpe Avenue was relinquished to the city in 2002 and built to freeway standards .	standards
The front entrance is sheltered by a gabled portico .	entrance
Christina Magdalena was described as a " somewhat pretty and pleasing woman " and was reportedly a friend of the queen , Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg .	somewhat
He died of heart failure on December 5 , 1988 at Orlando Regional Medical Center in Orlando , Florida .	failure
Borovichsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
These tests uncovered a number of faults and problems with the Locust .	tests
The body was returned to Saint George Cathedral in Ehden inside a new - air and water isolator - vitreous coffin , allowing everyone to see it .	allowing
It is characterized by the apparent randomness of the composition .	composition
The Friars managed four conference wins , but defeated # 14 Louisville at home , 90 – 59 , on January 10 .	wins
He was able to raise the money and was compensated by the government with an annual payment of 100 marks .	raise
The second group has a smaller tibia length but weighs more with larger wings .	wings
The movement 's ceremonies involved sermons , German classical music and political hymns .	classical
Please see Frame of reference for information about what a Reference Frame is .	reference
North Carolina 's 11th congressional district encompasses most of Western North Carolina .	11th
Penny also resents the loss of control that comes from the powers being activated and deactivated exclusively by Mike , the spellcaster .	powers
She was eventually sent back to Spain at the request of her parents , and Isabella returned to them devoutly religious .	request
Organized crime moved its gambling operations to Havana , Cuba until the revolution , and later to Las Vegas .	crime
All homeowners in the town are given the option of being members of the AHF .	option
It was a four-engined biplane , a final development in the family of designs that began with the Blériot 115 .	designs
Weather conditions are a key factor in the annual breeding success of white-fronted geese .	factor
All agree , however , that the verdicts were highly influenced by the King 's personal opinions and disagreement with the men .	influenced
The DVD consists of three sections .	sections
Big Finish Productions began producing audio dramas featuring the Fifth , Sixth , and Seventh Doctors , starting with The Sirens of Time in July 1999 .	producing
The band supported the album with a politically charged concert tour in 2003 .	charged
In 1979 , Axel Ulrich cloned this gene into " E. coli " .	gene
All times shown are in seconds .	seconds
Catriona gymnota is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trinchesiidae .	marine
During the reign of Maria Theresa , Neustift once suffered a particularly bad wine harvest .	reign
One of the many noticeable features of Elizabeth 's writing was her use of quotations and concepts from fellow writers , both past and contemporary .	writers
The original vinyl release had a photo-montage LP-liner , with images from both Rainbow and Black Sabbath days .	images
It is a winter annual , which makes it well adapted for the extreme wet and dry seasons of the cedar glades .	adapted
In 1984 , a memorial stone was unveiled by King Olav V of Norway to commemorate the 800-year anniversary of the Battle of Fimreite .	anniversary
Past forums have covered topics such as making foreign aid work , a strategy to disengage from Iraq , and new economic stress in the middle class .	strategy
The Big Ten Athletes of the Year are selected by a panel of conference media members from nominations submitted by each institution .	institution
St. Marys Paper Ltd. was a manufacturer of pulp and paper , with its mill located in Sault Ste .	mill
or " Orquesta de Cámara de Chile " With this orchestra he toured throughout Chile , Europe and America several times , taking part in international festivals .	toured
He reached the 100 goals mark in a hat-trick against SAFFC in a 4-0 win .	mark
To make up for it , Jacob ( who says he 's not good at making romantic gestures ) makes plans to celebrate their sixth anniversary .	anniversary
Also appearing in the video are an unknown man and woman dancing tango .	appearing
Norse invaders also besieged Dumbarton Rock , the capital of Strathclyde , eventually causing its defeat .	causing
The Indians began their playoff run by defeating the Yankees in the ALDS three games to one .	defeating
Grimmark was instantly interested in a project along those lines .	interested
Christmas Island Phosphates Pty Ltd. may not clear primary forest , and requires a permit to clear regrowth .	requires
They intrepidly stormed through the region , rapidly colonizing and pushing east .	rapidly
Senator Edward Kennedy , in a 1995 Senate floor statement , described Neas as the " 101st Senator for Civil Rights .	statement
Lapachol induces genetic damage , specifically clastogenic effects , in rats .	specifically
The contemporary Peruvian city of Chachapoyas , Peru derives its name from the word for this ancient culture as does the defined architectural style .	architectural
From an originally delivered eight Dassault Mirage 5Ms , only seven were left by 1988 , with five being lost in different accidents .	delivered
Their movement in the soil is slow on their own , but with human transportation they can migrate much faster .	soil
Sri M 's guru Maheshwarnath Babaji is said to have the power to materialize and dematerialize , and assume any form on earth and beyond .	beyond
The Southern Poverty Law Center has listed Fleming as a key intellectual in what it calls the " neo-Confederate " movement .	calls
This University provides the students with continental breakfast , lunch , evening tea and dinner within about US $ 50 per month per student .	evening
An HSR is one type of change in a chromosome 's structure which is frequently observed in the nucleus of human cancer cells .	observed
The amplified bead could be enriched in the following step .	step
Perry , McElhenny , and Tittle comprised the offensive backfield of that year 's Pro Bowl .	offensive
He has a younger brother Mariusz , who is a handball player - member of Polish national team and bronze medalist of World Championship 2015 .	bronze
These engines were marketed as a High Powered Combat Engine .	engines
Violators would face a prison sentence of a year or a ¥ 500,000 fine .	fine
In 2008 Carnegie Mellon professor Jay Whitacre founded Aquion Energy and received venture funding from Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers .	funding
Manuel Joachim de Franca ( 1808 – 1865 ) , was a Portuguese-American painter .	painter
In " Cultural Exchange " , Bolo Model WV / 1 tractors are mentioned for strip mining .	mining
In parallel with this he had not lost his interest in culture .	parallel
Muhammad Rashid was also educated under his other uncle called " Kabir Khalid " who was known for his knowledge of “ Fiqh ” .	knowledge
PA 739 ends at an intersection with U.S. Route 6 in Blooming Grove .	intersection
Though the " shijō " were sometimes full-fledged castles with stone bases , they were more frequently fortresses of wood and earthenworks .	wood
Born in the small town of Skirö , Vetlanda , he studied in various universities across Europe .	universities
This makes silicone rubber one of the elastomers of choice in many extreme environments .	choice
Following " Suraj " , Vyjayanthimala starred in the historical film " Amrapali " .	starred
Examples of some systems include human physiological and psychological systems , ecological systems , transportation systems , communication systems , energy systems and mechatronic systems .	communication
A million cars would cross over the bridge in its first month .	cross
Under this new institutional strategy , Hester Ann Rogers was subsequently idealized and promoted as a nonpreaching woman and model Methodist .	strategy
The flag 's initial reception was mixed .	flag
Powell was signed to a reserve / future contract by the New York Jets on January 5 , 2011 .	reserve
Behind the observation deck is a room for watchman , because in the past was the tower a part of the town defense system .	defense
From 1878 onwards , Felix ' reputation grew and in 1869 he won the silver medal at the Exposition Universelle and received several commissions .	reputation
This bee feeds on many kinds of flowers .	flowers
Its small , scattered group of atolls have poor soil and a total land area of only about making it the fourth smallest country in the world .	soil
Since inception , the race has been contested at various distances on both dirt and turf :	contested
It did not reopen for commercial use after the war , and has been converted into a private summer residence .	residence
He completed one pass for two yards , and had three yards on one carry .	carry
He joined the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards as an officer cadet at age of 16 and became the youngest lieutenant in the Army in June 1918 .	youngest
His older brother René , a national amateur champion himself , was shot in 2002 .	amateur
Tobias Helmlinger replaced Maul on bass and Markus Steckert joined in on keyboards and organ .	bass
The National Committees stretch beyond the scope of countries within the European Union and try to encompass all European countries .	beyond
The account holders always remain a secret .	secret
He took time out of football before signing for Southern League club Thatcham Town , managed by his father , in December 2007 .	signing
In order to get at least rational curves , the sqare root of the representation of the parallel curve has to be solvable .	parallel
Writers like Schofiled and Bannerjee have documented cases of attacks on British personnel and soldiers .	personnel
However , the whitebark pine has been in decline due to white pine blister rust : whitebark pine mortality in some areas exceeds 90 % .	decline
It was a gentleman 's agreement done on a handshake and it nearly didn 't happen when Cox was sold to Estes .	didn
Interest in biology in Canada dates from the times of European exploration .	dates
They feed on the upper side of the leaf , consuming irregular patches of leaf tissue .	feed
In Ethiopia and the Niger , rates of child malnutrition in urban slums are around 40 % .	rates
False color is used ( among others ) for satellite and space images : Examples are remote sensing satellites ( e.g .	images
On 27 August , he signed a one-year deal with Blackburn , with an option of a further year at Ewood Park .	option
Outside Switzerland Camenzind became much better known in 1964 when he was appointed a co-director for the exhibition in Lausanne .	exhibition
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal .	equal
The goal was " creating and eventually fielding a Greek Olympic Baseball Team for the Athens 2004 Olympic Games . "	creating
Two Women 's ( 75 kg and + 75 kg ) category will not be held because too few nations applied .	category
He was noted as being interested in the welfare of others .	interested
ITU-T Y.1731 additionally supports the following :	supports
Manacor is also the birthplace and home town of tennis legend Rafael Nadal .	tennis
As a reward for the capture of Sendong Langib , Tomas is made flight leader of his unit .	capture
During the winter , when the fjords freeze over , the dog sled is a commonly used means of transport for the fishermen and hunters .	transport
She continued to isolate and characterize nonhistone chromosomal proteins but started studying Drosophila .	studying
Here the English captain reported that the Spanish fleet as some thirty leagues off the Scilly Isles .	fleet
Both EVE and the TPU implementation of EDT are still distributed with OpenVMS .	distributed
As part of this policy the Special Category Status was rescinded for all prisoners convicted after 1 March 1976 .	prisoners
Dhamu and Prabhu Deva 's brother , Nagendra Prasad were recruited to essay supporting roles .	supporting
The book is in four sections :	sections
His paintings featured Parisian social life .	paintings
The team set a new record for the highest point difference in an Acropolis tournament , 74 points .	difference
Ownership of Neustift changed on multiple occasions ; the village was also included in different parishes over the years .	occasions
Total funds that are received by school districts are calculated through a formula .	funds
It is located at the head of an eponymous geographic features , which projects into the Pawcatuck River between downtown Westerly and the Watch Hill area .	downtown
Baldwin was a seventh-round selection ( No .	selection
The group gave a warm-up mini-tour late 2006 before starting the official tour , which began after the album was in stores , on 15 January 2007 .	stores
Further details of the winner , Petoski	details
The hallmark for Reaganomics was , in part , the wide-scale deregulation of corporate interests , and tax cuts for the wealthy .	interests
Belgium have participated in five UEFA European Championships finals , those held in 1972 , 1980 , 1984 , 2000 and 2016 .	finals
The prosecution filed a complaint against Judge Chatigny that was dismissed by the Second Circuit Judicial Council in a 24-page decision on July 26 , 2006 .	filed
As an Edmonton Oiler , McGill was struck in the left eye by a puck and was declared legally blind in that eye .	struck
The song was released as the eighth and final single from the album on August 30 , 2011 .	eighth
This modification increases the anti-cancer property while decreasing toxicity of the drug .	drug
In 1932 and 1937 , she was ranked world number 8 by British journalist A. Wallis Myers .	journalist
Similarly , " The Lich " , the fourth-season finale , had already been storyboarded by the time " King Worm " was entering into production .	entering
It is said to be the last speech made publicly , and on a high level , in Germany against National Socialism .	speech
The sculpture was found near the riverbank at a crossing point of the river Ixchayá , some to the west of the Central Group .	crossing
During the track , Zayn uses pained vocals , while during its chorus he uses his falsetto .	vocals
She continued studying at the Maxim Gorky Literature institute .	studying
Even so , the overall weight of a Series E was in excess of 5,000 pounds .	weight
Hyllestad Church is also located in this village , although it was historically located about to the northeast on the " Hyllestad " farm .	northeast
Stone was allotted cyclotron time one afternoon each week for the treatment of patients .	patients
From 955 , the Hamdanids in Aleppo entered a period of unbroken decline until their destruction in 1002 .	decline
Grisaunt as a young man taught philosophy at Oxford University , and in 1299 was either fellow or student of Merton College .	philosophy
In 1883 " The Dartmouth Times " began publishing .	publishing
GIS now owns 100 % shares in GDI , making GDI a wholly owned subsidiary of GIS as of 1 May 2014 .	shares
This school has imparted education to thousands of students and is serving the humanity .	thousands
Of course , this algorithm is not useful for actual multiplication .	actual
A large tropical wave exited Africa on September 6 and initially failed to develop due to strong easterly shear .	tropical
The whole thing builds to a massive chorus before ending abruptly with Jim Bob throatily yelling “ … die . ” "	ending
Commenting on his strong emphasis on choice and free will , " O , The Oprah Magazine " declared that " Forrest 's approach .	choice
Her commitment to Zionism was heightened by a trip to Palestine in 1909 .	trip
There is a hydropower project , which faces resistance .	resistance
" Casinycteris " species can be identified by the greenish skin on their snouts and eyelids and yellowish finger joints .	skin
As in " Wing Commander " , some wingmen can be killed permanently in combat .	combat
Sir Brian William Hone OBE FACE ( 1907 – 1978 ) was an Australian headmaster and , in his youth , a first-class cricketer .	first-class
Susan Garsh stands as an advocate of immigrant rights and legal process .	stands
He was named to the 2013 Big Sky All-Conference Team as a second-team selection .	selection
Regulation of the equipment used in the event was done through allowing the use of .22 or .297 / .230 caliber ammunition .	allowing
The branches became extinct in 1887 and 1186 .	branches
The assets of the Sherman Fairchild Foundation , headquartered in Chevy Chase , Maryland , have grown to over $ 500 million .	grown
The woman , a special education teacher , had recently given birth to an eight-month-term healthy baby , delivered by caesarian section .	delivered
On the March 28 , 2002 episode of " Tough Enough " , Ward 's hands and legs went numb after she took a bump .	hands
The wireless listeners were uniformed women of the ATS ( Auxiliary Territorial Service ) , who had been trained on the Isle of Man .	trained
There are a number of hotels in the area , including a couple of international hotel brands .	hotel
Equating analyses are performed to address this very issue , so that scores are as fair as possible .	address
The announced beginning of the XFL for 2001 precluded any realistic chance of the league resuming operations .	chance
Cork later faced Kilkenny in the championship decider , however , victory went to ‘ the Cats ’ on that occasion .	faced
Based on these factors , the trainer would adjust the workout ( Stefanović et al .	factors
He served as presidential elector on the Progressive ticket in 1924 .	presidential
The Matador Land and Cattle Company was founded in 1882 by Scottish investors , whose acquisition included 2.5 million acres in four Texas counties .	counties
The signal to noise ratio is defined as :	signal
Conversely ( at least in a traditional analysis ) , using a transitive verb in English without a direct object will result in an incomplete sentence :	object
Billie remains living with his father and grandmother in Balham and Carol later returns to live with them .	returns
The nominees and winners were : ( Winners highlighted in bold )	winners
In addition to their print editions , Philanthropy Kids publishes these stories on their online blogs and social media platforms .	platforms
The episode also features the short song " Bacon Pancakes " , which was written by Sugar in an extremely short period of time .	extremely
Eventually , Emperor Daozong caught on , and began to take away Yelü Yixin 's privileges one by one .	caught
He is one of the actors featured in Mónica Maristain ’ s book " 30 Actors Made in Mexico " .	actors
Qualification rule : The top two finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next two fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the final .	heat
It is an imposing building on a prominent site , one of a family of churches located on top of the hills of Gympie .	churches
The newspaper adverts were trailed by branding on the front page , including a free offer for a bottle of Tango .	page
Following this , the State Assembly was dissolved and the Congress government headed by Hiteswar Saikia , which came to power in February 1983 , was dismissed .	headed
He was educated at Dundee Grammar School ( c1739 – c1748 ) and possibly also at the small parish school at Leuchars , Fife .	possibly
He also began teaching music at a Harlem church upon his arrival in New York .	arrival
The only biography that exists of Isadore Gilbert Mudge is a dissertation written by Columbia student , John N. Waddell , in 1973 .	exists
brought recruits for the 29th , 72nd , and 93rd regiments of foot .	foot
In August the 138th moved to 4th Ukrainian Front reserves in 17th Guards Rifle Corps .	17th
It is a mining , industrial and cultural hub with the famous Maa Chhinnamasta Temple .	mining
He can only see two minutes ahead , with the exception of a vision he once had of a woman walking into a diner .	ahead
The main part of Oberbilk was industrial or basic housing for the workers until the Second World War , when much of it was destroyed .	basic
Next came the invasion of Morotai Island , in the Northern Moluccas , where " Ringgold " again provided gunfire support .	invasion
While pawnbrokers do not like this characterization of their business , police efforts have indicated that some pawnbrokers are involved in fencing .	indicated
TerBush was not heavily recruited , as he only had FBS offers from Indiana & Northern Illinois .	heavily
Fingerpost survival is highest in rural areas and away from major roads .	roads
The stereotyped clinical phenotype of STAT3 GOF patients differs distinctly from that associated with germline STAT3 mutations shown to confer a loss-of-function ( LOF ) .	patients
The team prepares by viewing the training session of Sydney FC .	session
A chapel and vestries were completed in 1906 .	chapel
The site was used as a recreation area for Portsmouth Naval Shipyard personnel from then until the 1950s .	personnel
This charge is also added to trips initiated at Sea Island stations for travel east to Bridgeport station and beyond using Compass Card Stored Value or DayPasses .	beyond
Following the earl 's death in 1793 , ownership passed to his nephew David Murray , 2nd Earl of Mansfield .	ownership
In the modern era , these hunts have generally been replaced by a ceremony incorporating an artificial stuffed deer head .	ceremony
The drugstore chain Tomod 's has its headquarters in the ward .	chain
In 1850 , the township was more-or-less rectangular .	township
However the use of tables , charts and signs appears to have continued and developed independently .	charts
Mark plans to gather evidence of the reanimated dead to bring back to the real world as proof of Sarah 's story in court .	bring
Four nations advanced to the CONCACAF finals .	finals
His career began in 1980 when he joined Indo-Tibetan Border Police as an officer in the gazetted rank and is the incumbent Inspector General of ITBP .	rank
One day Sajan meets Priya in his father 's friend 's house .	meets
After the Germans began bombing London during the Blitz in 1940 , her family had a number of narrow escapes as bombs dropped close to their home .	narrow
Blitzers , with the highest HP rating , are great at fighting multiple enemies .	rating
Because of this natural distinctiveness , Padur has thick greenery , including paddy fields , banana farms and coconut trees .	fields
Columbia high athletics have been competitive over the years winning a total of 8 state titles , and producing many notable alumni in its past .	producing
Recent work has shown that acetylene is reduced by the nodules which means that nitrogen is being fixed by bacteria within the nodules .	fixed
His first stained glass artist was Mr. Wren .	glass
It met intense opposition , however , not only from the Blancos but also from members of his own Colorado Party .	opposition
In the Domesday Book 1 ½ hides at Berth here were held by William de Warenne perhaps part of the manor of Hurstpierpoint , West Sussex .	perhaps
Once in captivity and out of their natural habitat , many pets die or fail to reproduce .	habitat
Elmira was considered an essential mission , delivering two battalions of glider artillery and 24 howitzers to the 82nd Airborne .	artillery
In September 1970 , the Senate Labor and Public Welfare Committee held the first congressional hearings in twenty years on national health insurance .	twenty
Metropolitan Home is an interior design magazine published by Hearst Magazines .	interior
This orogenic belt was in place by 1.6 mya and continues to be a hot spot of earthquakes and volcanos .	spot
" The Kolak Boat Warriors " tribes finished 7th place in the First leg of Thai League division 2 southern zone 2011 season .	zone
A few months later , the band would officially sign with Nightmare Records and release their 3rd album The Rising Anger .	sign
Proxymetacaine ( INN ) or proparacaine ( USAN ) is a topical anesthetic drug of the aminoester group .	drug
Frederick I , younger son of Christian I , made it his primary residence .	residence
Farther west , St. Jacques Street runs through the residential neighbourhoods of Little Burgundy , Saint-Henri , Notre-Dame-de-Grâce and Lachine .	residential
The Los Angeles Police Department declared the death an apparent suicide , but others believed him to have been murdered .	suicide
The building retains its original heating system — a wood stove with a long chimney pipe .	wood
In 2002 Eadie broke the Commonwealth Games record for a flying 200m in 10.145 on his way to winning silver in the sprint .	flying
After the mid-2010s , branches of the church were established in other countries of central and northern Europe .	branches
It is issued when the defendant defaults on , or fails to show sufficient cause in answer to , an alternative mandamus .	alternative
The Takudh Bible is a translation of the entire King James Bible into Gwich ’ in .	translation
He also donated $ 1,000 to the organization .	donated
On the following day , the parliament of the Kurdistan region announced a three-day mourning period in the region .	parliament
Pilot hook-in weight range is .	weight
By contrast , it is thought by many mind-body dualists ( e.g .	contrast
He left shortly after , his only game for Charlton being in a 1 – 0 defeat to Hereford United in the League Cup .	shortly
The new National Gallery opened in a corner of the park in 1896 .	corner
They fired more than 2,500 plastic bullets at rioters and exchanged gunfire with the IRA .	fired
Baillairgé received his classical studies at the Petit Séminaire de Québec and , in 1830 , was articled to Philippe Panet and later to René-Édouard Caron .	classical
In 2005 , WPGC began broadcasting in IBOC digital radio , using the HD Radio system from iBiquity .	broadcasting
In the three decades after 1865 , wolfers had almost exterminated every wolf from Texas to the Dakotas , from Missouri to Colorado .	decades
There are three major responses in the history of human thought to these flaws : escape , humanization , and confrontation .	escape
Fox Magazine is an American weekly news magazine that aired on the Fox News Channel .	weekly
Bombing , assassination and street violence formed a backdrop to life throughout The Troubles .	violence
In series 1 , she has somewhat of a rivalry with Anna .	somewhat
After the October 1974 election Thorpe again requested funds from Hayward , and again asked that £ 10,000 be sent via the Dinshaw route .	funds
The commune borders the department of Loiret .	commune
In many documents , these navies were called , or simply pirates .	documents
The main door at the east end is crowned with an arch supported by columns with decorated capitals .	door
Sponge-diving , conch diving , crabbing , lobstering and other commercial fishing have been important parts of conch culture .	fishing
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences in the United States .	annually
All albums were in collaboration with his father , Doc Watson .	collaboration
The Symphony in Three Movements is considered as Stravinsky 's first major composition after emigrating to the United States .	composition
After entering the house , guests come into Houdini 's library , complete with faux candles and books .	entering
A total of 24,618 households were counted in this woreda , resulting in an average of 4.64 persons to a household , and 23,856 housing units .	persons
Her work for this project included software development and computerizing weapons data .	weapons
The Feast of Saviour of the World Church is celebrated on the 3rd Sunday of November every year .	celebrated
The largest ethnic group reported in Degua Tembien was the Tigrayan ( 99.87 % ) .	ethnic
Since players rely on individuals over whom they have no control , there is little possible strategy to moundball once the game begins .	strategy
Pries joined the faculty of the Department of Architecture at the University of Washington in fall 1928 and soon became the center of the school .	faculty
In spite of this , the bank ceased operations on September 3 , 1985 .	ceased
From 1963 , the Herford Light railway ran between the towns of Wallenbrück , Spenge , Herford , Vlotho , Weserhafen and the west of Herford .	towns
Massachusetts , New York , and Rhode Island experienced flooding , but Connecticut was hardest hit in New England .	experienced
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists :	lists
This is in contrast to the voluntary reporting of AEs with medicinal products .	contrast
When she instead tries to convince him to turn her as revenge , he refuses .	tries
Long Ashton Research Station ( LARS ) was an agricultural and horticultural government research centre in the village of Long Ashton near Bristol , UK .	agricultural
He produced several of Romero 's films , most notably three entries in the " Dead " series as well as a few documentaries .	notably
Moonshining , the illegal production of liquor , had become increasingly common in the late 19th century .	increasingly
The bulletin would then start with information regarding current transmitters and relays being either on reduced power or off air .	regarding
The project consists of three major components :	components
4 are difficult , if not impossible , to prepare , and chemical reactions tend to favour the compounds that provide the best valence match .	chemical
He also contributed 14 tackles in 2008 .	contributed
At the Constitutional Convention , the requirement for two witnesses first appeared in the first draft of the Constitution presented on August 6 , 1787 .	draft
Her alcoholic mother , Reese , tells her that the disease runs in the family , and she is at risk of having it too .	risk
The Elmaleh East Wing , by faculty member W. G. Clark , provides additional space for reviews and exhibits .	faculty
They renewed the Work-Study program , though on a different basis , involving less educated workers rather than students .	involving
The film is a behind-the-scenes documentary shot while Buster Keaton 's film " The Railrodder " ( 1965 ) , was being produced .	documentary
The two main auditoria are also equipped for Dolby Atmos with a Dolby CP-850 processor , Dolby multi-channel amplifiers and Dolby SLS speakers .	equipped
Though Suzie did briefly reprise the role in Melbourne while Lucy Durack took leave due to injury in May 2014 .	briefly
Hill 's death at the age of 36 brought considerable media attention .	considerable
The Company built facilities to transfer to the standard-gauge Erie Railroad in Attica and Cuba .	transfer
" Eco friendly " replacement for 4B12 .	replacement
The trio encounter several dangers on their trek , including an encounter with the Kzamm , a tribe of more primitive-looking cannibals .	tribe
Original records are missing or incomplete .	missing
Along with publishing their newsletter , the CFS offers Massive Open Online Classes ( MOOC ) which offer free enrollment .	publishing
Nomvethe married his childhood sweetheart , Nompumelelo " Mpumi " Ngubane-Mpanza ( b .	childhood
His pictures were tinted drawings , and the smaller ones were neatly finished and well thought of .	ones
In 2012 NRO donated two sophisticated but unneeded space telescopes , reportedly built for FIA , to NASA for use in astronomy .	donated
Below , there is a hidden swimming pool , filled with the glowing slugs .	filled
Most of their organs are located near the head ; with a magnifying glass , their heart can be seen beating .	glass
Around one mile northwest of the monolith is a prehistoric dolmen known as Pawton Quoit .	northwest
A total of 20,532 households were counted in this woreda , resulting in an average of 4.16 persons to a household , and 20,107 housing units .	persons
The brochure attracted instantaneous attention in his native country , and its success was notable : it sold around 13,000 copies .	attracted
Paul Appermont started his career at Janssen Pharmaceutica as company lawyer .	lawyer
Darla sits up suddenly , staring in fear at three people in white with guns as Angel`s car appears behind her .	guns
No demands are placed on the child throughout the duration of the session .	session
After finding bassist Annette Billesbach , the band began rehearsing and performing .	performing
Smith-Clarke was accompanied by William M. Dunn , who also left his job as a draughtsman at Daimler to become chief draughtsman at Alvis .	accompanied
Crowley has worked as a producer , overseeing the creation of Steve Young 's critically acclaimed 2000 recording " Primal Young . "	creation
Emma Pierson said about Anna , " She has grown up a bit and changed a little but she is still naughty and irreverent underneath . "	grown
The test on 8 July 2008 caused anxiety — the tests were seen widely as a response to Israeli aerial war games staged earlier in the month .	tests
In the 2008 American remake " Quarantine " , the character 's name is spelled Angela Vidal , and portrayed by Jennifer Carpenter .	portrayed
String arrangement and orchestration were provided by Dave Eggar and Chuck Palmer , while Eggar played the cello and Palmer acted as the track 's conductor .	acted
Lynsey Haire of eFestivals wrote that the performance " went down especially well with the audience " .	audience
Finally realizing that he was significantly outnumbered , Frazer surrendered on September 9 .	significantly
Some late season losses caused them to finish the regular season ranked # 9 in the country and # 2 in the Atlantic Coast Conference .	losses
SNK also expressed satisfaction with the way the game was being received by the Chinese market .	expressed
In 1881 , he was appointed to the Senate of Canada representing the senatorial division of Alma , Quebec .	representing
Both musicians died in 2017 .	musicians
She also thought that the lead vocals lacked grit in comparison to the song 's theme of running away .	vocals
He represented Fiji in several international track and field competitions , including the South Pacific Games and the Summer Olympics .	competitions
He joined Beutel , Goodman & Company Ltd . , a leading Institutional money management firm in 1980 as mining analyst and precious metal portfolio manager .	mining
This was the first time in Clemson 's history that they wore orange pants in any combination for a football game .	combination
In 2004 , Cox 's trawler , called " The Patriarch " , caught fire while underway and sank .	caught
The Utah Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control ( UDABC ) is a state government agency of the U.S. state of Utah .	agency
Gohar is famous for two Islamic scholars , namely , Maulana Ishaq Rehmani and Maulana Mohi ud din Salfi .	scholars
Twitter , a micro-blogging service , has an estimated community of 500 million active users , generating 340 million messages daily .	users
The condition placed a large strain on his heart and lungs .	condition
IDW Publishing has expressed interest in their own crossover .	expressed
The new museum houses not only the Hancock Museum collections , but also those of the University 's Museum of Antiquities and Shefton Museum .	collections
Largely as a result of efforts by Mr. Carter , the bill was eventually passed .	bill
A huge conurbation , the city teemed with recent migrants from the rural villages .	huge
Magnus soon found Scorponok himself , and lost the subsequent fight .	subsequent
After graduating from the University of San Francisco with his J.D .	graduating
degree in Latin and philosophy from The Saint Paul Seminary in 1965 , an M.A .	philosophy
Within the framework of administrative divisions , Arsenyevsky District is one of the twenty-three in the oblast .	divisions
The liquidation of the unit was concluded on 19 December 1940 .	concluded
She remained with only two rangefinders on the fore tower , and the rear mast was shortened .	rear
M Gladstone " Whether this made her a British Royal Princess is the subject of debate .	debate
A winding trail was established leading up to the mountain , with stations of the cross along the way .	cross
As of March 2012 , Moody 's rating for FUIB is stable .	rating
After his sixth selection in 1994 , Smith was brought into the game to hold a two-run American League lead in the ninth inning .	selection
Bhandup has Asia 's biggest water filtration plant .	biggest
This was despite the risk to Sazak during a period of political unrest .	risk
Once a molecule is desorbed into the vacuum volume , it is removed via the vacuum 's pumping mechanism ( re-adsorption is negligible ) .	volume
It also has the second-highest total Hispanic population , at 37.1 % , closely behind 10302 , at 41.3 % .	closely
The Chinese government has said that Xuzhou Anying , for instance , purchased its products from 25 different manufacturers .	instance
But the Prophet said , " Leave them Abu Bakr , for every nation has an Eid ( i.e .	nation
Mammals evolved from cynodonts , a group of superficially dog-like mammal-like reptiles in the wake of the Permian – Triassic mass extinction .	mass
Salt spray testing is popular because it is relatively inexpensive , quick , well standardized , and reasonably repeatable .	testing
It preserves fossils dating back to the Cretaceous period .	dating
Jean-Claude Olivier and Samuel Barnes served as additional writers for the Trackmasters remix single version , with Track Masters serving as producers along with Rooney .	writers
A similar car , with the same Airstream name was also sold by Chrysler 's companion brand DeSoto during the period .	brand
Since her retirement in 1988 , her lifetime contribution to the arts has been honored on two continents .	arts
Judging of the event is based on several criteria including creativity , flow , execution , and difficulty .	flow
The history of " II Liga " , or the third level of Polish football system , dates back to the Second Polish Republic .	dates
" I like to go to the gambling boats , maybe twice a week .	boats
The market is located at the corner of Webster Street and East 2nd Street .	corner
In all cases , the exemption holds only if the golfer retains their amateur status .	amateur
David Mark ( born March 18 , 1973 ) is an American journalist , author and political analyst .	journalist
Characteristic for the genus are large ears and the name giving triangular skin flap above the nose , the " leaf " .	skin
Statisticians at that time criticized the results claiming that they were not possible .	criticized
During the Revolution , when New Castle was besieged by William Howe , the government elected to move its functions south to Dover in May 1777 .	functions
In August 1937 , when Pihos was 13 years old , his father , the operator of an all-night restaurant in Orlando , was murdered .	restaurant
The celebration that followed the Halifax Provisional Battalion 's return from the conflict by train across the county ignited a national patriotism in Nova Scotia .	conflict
In the mid-1990s Carlos Pinto 's new program , " Mea Culpa " , became the most popular true crime shows on Chilean TV history .	crime
On February 1 , 2010 , it was re-recorded there to benefit victims of the Haiti earthquake .	victims
This factory produced bullets and shells .	factory
Self Reliance was registered as a political party on 29 December 2012 .	registered
At the age of 21 he started playing in Queensland club competitions , before being picked up by the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in 2007 .	competitions
The notation formula _ 11 represents the partition that results from removing the border strip ξ from λ .	represents
Decision point deliverables support the decision making during the execution of the delivery plan in the # Contract Monitoring phase .	phase
Jarrett won the race by one lap over Petty , his 15th win of the year but Richard Petty would win his first championship .	15th
Because of Bega 's significant contributions to his version , the court 's final ruling declared it a new song co-written by Prado and Bega .	contributions
His father was a lay preacher who taught his sons Daniel , Valence , Ronald , and Gavin that all people are equal .	equal
Watford was one of the boroughs subject to a trial of voter ID restrictions requiring the production of polling cards .	cards
Males had a median income of $ 61,250 versus $ 37,500 for females .	versus
However , many of the Brazilians who have emigrated to the United States since this decade have been undocumented .	decade
In the fall of 1849 , Major Reading fitted out an expedition to discover the bay into which he supposed the Trinity and Klamath Rivers must empty .	expedition
At the end the masks were painted and gilded .	painted
All the graves are aligned to the east or southeast .	southeast
In the 19th century , Notre Dame was a small and very much self-contained institution .	institution
On 31 August 2013 Spence signed on an emergency loan for Championship side Sheffield Wednesday .	loan
These properties are summed up in cricketing terms as a " looping " or " loopy " delivery .	properties
The festival also hosts a Shorts Competition ( the Golden Zipangu Awards ) and a Business Panel every year .	hosts
Motono studied law in France , and in 1896 translated the civil code of the Japanese Empire into French .	translated
He participated in the men 's 85 kg event at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships , and at the 2016 Summer Olympics , finishing in fifteenth position .	finishing
Located on Mount Odem , at a height of above sea level , it is the second-highest town in Israel and the Israeli-occupied territories .	height
Males had a median income of $ 26,065 versus $ 23,269 for females .	versus
By far the largest amount of regional policy funding is dedicated to the regions designated as less developed .	funding
Stofor , pronounced as in " Stow Four " , is a store and forward message switching system designed by Fenwood Designs Ltd , UK in 1980 .	message
While the twin bridges were built decades apart , they appear nearly identical .	decades
He wrote prose , poetry and sermons .	poetry
In the 1960s , Van der Land taught Dutch and religion at the Christian Lyceum Visser 't Hooft .	religion
The Liberals retained a strong majority .	retained
He was appointed as Lord Commissioner of the Treasury and he was obliged to stand again in a ministerial by-election .	stand
She began publishing cookery books after the end of World War I and proceeded through World War II and into the 1980s .	publishing
Initially , these store retained the Fair nameplate , and one more Fair Store would open , at Randhurst Mall in 1962 .	retained
At first , she pushes him away , but he takes her roughly and soon the two are having sex .	roughly
In 897 Mikaeli with the request of Soprom Shatberdeli re-wrote Adysh Gospels which is kept in Historical-Ethnographical Museum of Svaneti , in Mestia .	request
While segmented designs were most common in spherical shell , it was applied to specific rifled projectiles as well .	designs
The " Clinical descriptions and diagnostic guidelines " ( or " Blue Book " ) is for clinical and general educational use .	educational
They were initially often converted warships or merchant vessels between 60 and 90 feet in length .	vessels
To calculate the detrended price oscillator :	price
The raging snowstorm also suggests impending death , which is combated against through the family 's nostalgic memories .	suggests
Although they developed no original pottery , they are well known for their cave paintings .	paintings
Diurnal and arboreal , titis predominantly prefer dense forests near water .	forests
In 1968 , Viator placed third in the Mr. Louisiana contest .	contest
In Q3 2010 the company was able to add Steam achievements to " DEFCON " which resulted in the game being prominently featured in a sale .	sale
They originally played in the Dartford and District league , with ex Swanley Comprehensive School boys .	boys
In 1960 he was appointed attorney general of Nyasaland and would play an important role in the transition to independence and formation of the new Malawi state .	independence
That attack is known in the Microsoft Windows operating system , which offers named objects as an interprocess synchronization mechanism .	objects
high , it dominates the local landscape more than much higher mountains .	mountains
Borsonia crassiaxialis is an extinct species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae .	marine
The EB is not biologically active , but is resistant to environmental stresses and can survive outside a host for a limited time .	environmental
It found the best commercial success in Australasia , reaching number five in Australia and number four in New Zealand .	reaching
He pretends to have acted in self-defence .	acted
In 2010 , the house is threatened with demolition by its owner .	threatened
The rest of the crew was housed in comfortable dormitory style rooms .	rooms
The hospital was initially founded in 1889 with the founding of the town .	founding
He is in fact very intelligent and well read .	read
Finger snapping at poetry readings has become traditional .	poetry
Her grandfather several decades before that had escaped from pogroms in Russia , coming to America and finding work as a peddler .	decades
Optic nerve hypoplasia , nystagmus and photophobia may occur .	occur
A factorization of any reduced word in into these generators and their inverses may be constructed simply by taking consecutive pairs of symbols in the reduced word .	consecutive
Alopecia , blepharitis , and secondary conjunctivitis have also been observed in sheep .	observed
The county is governed by a board of commissioners , consisting of seven commissioners , who are all elected from single-member districts .	consisting
The small size is necessary for the tool to fit through the drillstring ; however , it also limits the tool 's capabilities .	necessary
TBA the Covelli Centre will be getting its first non minor league sports team .	getting
This may explain why the community of physicists has been slow to recognize its potential and even to challenge it . "	challenge
Jerome grew up supporting Manchester United .	supporting
He allowed 106 hits in 105 innings pitched , with 65 bases on balls and 64 strikeouts .	hits
Béraud also admitted to being involved with the hoax .	admitted
It preserves fossils dating back to the Cretaceous period .	dating
Since its start at Avenida General Paz ( A001 ) until the end , on the bridge over Lapataia River , it measures .	measures
After drawing 2-2 at La Bombonera and losing its home field advantage , River famously won the game 3-1 ( 5-3 on aggregate ) .	advantage
On 8 September 1995 Lehtonen and his father , who was driving the car , hit a moose in Sipoo .	driving
According to physics , because of quantum mechanics and quantum field theory , every vacuum has something in it .	something
Activation of the C1 complex initiates the classical complement pathway of the complement system .	classical
As its name implies , it has a triangular fleshy growth of skin , called a noseleaf , protruding above the nose .	skin
In 1885 , King Karl Friedrich Alexander of Wurttemberg conferred upon him the title of royal professor .	royal
The Shangri-La Hotel Vancouver is a new full-service hotel that is part of the building .	hotel
He left the PRP and afterwards kept his distance from political parties , expressing his sadness at the dishonesty and weakness of the people involved .	afterwards
It is their third album of covers , and their seventh studio album .	seventh
In 2001 , Metal Blade Records released in Germany " Servants of Chaos " , a compilation album of unreleased demos and live songs .	compilation
The series was already cast and production on initial episodes started when press notices announcing the upcoming series were published in TV columns during mid-May 1961 .	press
Aciphylla is a genus of about 40 species of plants in the Apiaceae family , endemic to New Zealand and Australia .	endemic
[ 6 ] To him and other critics of his time , The Conscious Lovers did not even feel like a comedy .	feel
Knight finished with 30 points on 13-of-21 shooting , going 4-of-4 from the free throw line while adding a then career-high nine rebounds .	shooting
They played at the Prince of Wales Stadium in Cheltenham , chosen as the venue for the inaugural Grand Final of the conference .	venue
The band performed the whole soundtrack of the anime series " Cowboy Bebop " and produced a total of seven albums and one live DVD .	soundtrack
Today , an obelisk marks where the Kapiʻolani family plot is located .	plot
That night both stay in Bhanu 's room .	stay
They lived in Lozere where her mother lived with a French soldier and she became fluent speaking and singing in French .	singing
The goal was to edit a brutally realistic portrayal of the realities of war , using minimal special effects or technical enhancement .	technical
Her mother taught how to play Uzbek traditional musical instruments at a music school .	instruments
Due to the rapid reproduction cycle of butterflies , the breeding program at the University of Florida resulted with more than a thousand larvae within two years .	cycle
The gradual degradation of the telomeres restricts cell division to 40-60 times , also known as the Hayflick limit .	limit
In light of this , following the 2008 season , the Jersey Surf Drum and Bugle Corps elected to leave Open Class and compete in World Class .	compete
The budget for this construction , set at seven million Birr , was provided by the Ethiopian Federal government and the woreda administration .	budget
The old stock Yankee population had large families , often bearing up to ten children in one household .	stock
The Vitaphone Project only started in 1991 rounding up missing discs and matching them with films made before the studio switched to optical film recording .	missing
Scenes of Goody learning of her diagnosis were not broadcast in India .	learning
An old temple dedicated to Lord Shiva - the Bhandupeshwar Mahadev Mandir - still stands in Bhandup West .	stands
He discharged his duties and responsibilities as a worship .	duties
There is no underground drainage system in the town and the sewerage system for disposal of sullage is through septic tanks , open drains and public conveniences .	underground
The south wall of the church features a sundial that seemingly dates to 1813 .	dates
The law also allows health professionals to document injuries .	injuries
Generally considered Finland 's biggest club , HJK is the most successful Finnish club in terms of championship titles with 29 .	biggest
A club shop has also been added .	shop
There she won gold medals in both the women 's F35-38 javelin throw and the F35-36 discus throw event .	medals
About 50 Russian nationals are members of the Azov regiment .	regiment
Illefarn is a location in the fictional Forgotten Realms setting of " Dungeons & Dragons " , on the continent of Faerûn .	setting
The Boot Camp round was filmed in mid-January 2015 in Auckland .	filmed
Queensberry won a counterclaim against Wilde for the considerable expenses he had incurred on lawyers and private detectives in organising his defence .	considerable
Stromatium fulvum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
He was a student of Gray 's Inn in 1641 and was studying in Padua in 1647 .	studying
Each four-member executive group was given the task of deporting two families .	task
It was partially influenced by Armistead Maupin ’ s " Tales of the City " , a famous serial story .	influenced
After the 2014 Peshawar school massacre by members of Pakistan 's Tehrik-i-Taliban , the government of Pakistan decided to deport tens of thousands of Afghan refugees .	thousands
Of Belfast 's housing stock , 52 % was destroyed .	stock
WDR constitutes the most prominent example of regional broadcasting in Germany .	broadcasting
This branding lasted for less than six months .	lasted
Howe 's two years in New York proved highly unsuccessful .	proved
On 12 December 2000 a peace agreement was signed by the two governments .	peace
The renewals , however , differed from the evangelical revivals in that covenant renewals were planned in advance .	advance
The main series was broken up into several story arcs .	broken
In August 1943 , when Allied forces bombed the Peenemuende facilities , he received a commendation for saving critical wind tunnel data during the ensuing fires .	wind
" H-7 " was launched on 17 October 1918 and commissioned on 24 October with Lieutenant Edmund A. Crenshaw in command .	commissioned
Other than this , they generally play at the club 's training ground at Motspur Park or at Kingstonian and AFC Wimbledon 's stadium , Kingsmeadow .	stadium
Earlier , there was an entirely different " Princess Maker 4 " in the works .	entirely
Soon after , Clark and Lois learn that three Kryptonian have arrived on Earth and is threatening humanity .	learn
It was published by Database Publications of Stockport , starting in October 1983 and ending after 82 issues in July 1990 .	ending
The hall was built upon the site of the Fleet Prison in Farringdon Street .	hall
Plutarch mentions that during the Battle of Salamis Athenians did their best to save their " women , children and slaves " .	save
The distinction between " organized " and " disorganized " offenders was drawn by the American criminologist Roy Hazelwood .	drawn
He is one of the brightest young rugby talents in the United Kingdom , despite being diabetic .	rugby
In November they participated in the occupation of Decatur , Alabama .	occupation
Complexity , time restraints , and setting restraints , are a few limitations to this particular method .	setting
The reference of the directors was the Mexican melodramas of the 1960s .	reference
His highest ATP singles ranking was 292 .	ranking
In Sweden , the majority of the inmates of the Magdalena asylums had voluntarily committed themselves , seeking help .	committed
Original keyboardist Martin Härenstam ( Claésson ) rejoined for the final two concerts .	concerts
The bill entered Parliament on 17 November 2015 .	bill
CEO Ana Maiques won third prize in the European Commission 's Women Innovator Contest in 2014 for her entrepreneurial vision .	prize
LA 700 has a brief concurrency with LA 92 in an area known as Indian Bayou .	brief
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 1959 New Year Honours in recognition of his services to the law .	recognition
These two appear to have been allopatric ever since the Pleistocene , long before the arrival of Europeans .	arrival
" A young child does not tolerate a tube easily and the child unless sedated tends to remove it . "	easily
In the films , he displays a genius-level intelligence , and has psychic intuition , making him adept at telepathy and psychometry .	intelligence
Delaware Route 141 heads north from New Castle on Basin Road and provides a bypass to the west of Wilmington .	heads
His Sun-disk is praised as the cause of growth in plants .	praised
The points of these hairs usually break off in the wound , and the acrid fluid is pressed into it .	break
The older palace , known as Kadimi Mahal ( Persian for ancient ) is known to be the oldest surviving palace in India .	surviving
Lotfi is one of the greatest contemporary masters of the tar and setar .	greatest
The Parrott rifle , invented by Robert Parker Parrott , was manufactured in different sizes , from 10-pounders up to the rare 300-pounder .	rare
It was laid out by the team of Thomas Hayton Mawson .	laid
The Independent Days International Filmfest ( short : IDIF ) is the biggest Film festival in Karlsruhe , Germany .	biggest
In 1767 , the church became the resting place of Colonel Philip Ludwell III , the earliest known convert to Eastern Orthodoxy in America .	earliest
Four days after election day , the Liberal candidates were proclaimed victors .	candidates
The languages are still almost mutually intelligible even though the two groups have lived in locales hundreds of kilometres apart for several centuries .	centuries
" The Shroud of Rahmon " is the eighth episode in the second season of the television show " Angel " .	eighth
He then toured with Seals and Crofts , Larry Carlton , and Boz Scaggs .	toured
The window will close at midnight on 31 August 2010 .	window
It currently focuses on providing preventative education for at-risk parents of young children .	providing
It also has been shown there is an underground dungeon that the DiMeras have used to imprison their enemies .	underground
In the first description , the workers , or collective labor power , are viewed as separate entities from the machine .	machine
In 1972 Porsche introduced an even more powerful car , the 917 / 30KL .	powerful
3 , is a more obscure and mysterious movement , and all the voices in this piece are intended to create a mystic atmosphere .	piece
In " Istoria literaturii române " , Ion Negoițescu was enthusiastic about two novels , but kept silent about the rest .	novels
Adapted from the " Fixed : : Context " liner notes .	notes
The Knights replaced the Pittsburgh Rebellion as the fourth Eastern Conference team because the Rebellion began searching for a new home venue .	venue
The same area was called Guanfuchang ( ) during the Song dynasty ( 9601279 ) .	dynasty
Traditionally , these natural features made possible several different types of agriculture , including wet-rice farming in the valleys and shifting cultivation in the uplands .	agriculture
They are thought to have worked on the building of roads and the Bolan Pass railway as well as enlisting in the British army of India .	roads
In response to this humanitarian crisis , on April 8 , 1991 the UN agreed to establish a safe haven in northern Iraq .	establish
Early in May 1876 a dispensary scheme was launched in Bournemouth .	scheme
Costs and sales can be broken down , which provide further insight into operations .	broken
During dinner , three Ha 'tak vessels , believed to be under the control of the Lucian Alliance , attack the planet .	vessels
Most also have water heaters and shore power electric systems .	electric
Because of OPO 's deep roots in the Ovambo people , ELOC subsequently gave its support to this national liberation movement .	deep
In retaliation for the seizure , Byrd fired Director Pat Ragsdale and Sharon Wright of the Cherokee Nation Marshals Service .	fired
The game also features a series of collectable items .	items
The species has been reported as migrating south from Tibet , Kazakhstan , Mongolia and Russia before crossing the Himalaya .	crossing
Each statue had eyes of a different color .	eyes
At the beginning of the valley there is a stone bridge .	valley
However , it is impervious to missile and artillery fire .	artillery
She is an expert on the connection between faith and culture , on which she has addressed parliamentary and Commonwealth gatherings .	connection
She practiced at this firm until her appointment to the court .	appointment
It is not clear if the killing was carried out before or after Tiberius became emperor .	killing
It has been suggested that the name Kheba may derive from Kubau , a woman who was the first ruler of the Third Dynasty of Kish .	suggested
After one of Reinhardt 's assistants saw her perform in Saratoga , he offered her the second understudy position for the role of Hermia .	perform
It was revealed to be in active duty in February 2012 , having its first successful test fire on April 2011 .	duty
In St. Charles Missouri it was also found that a student from St. Charles High School who traveled to Mexico City was found infected with swine flu .	traveled
The Persians also developed a system , by which the difference between the ascendant and each planet of the zodiac was calculated .	difference
In the ensuing confrontation Aldric , Simon and Alaythia fall down a trap-door and are attacked by Fire-Creatures , conjured by the Dragons who make their escape .	escape
The V8 engine produces and of torque .	produces
The name is derived from the Hebrew name " Emek Zevulun " , lit .	derived
The Rockies compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) West division .	compete
Super Bowl XLIX , also broadcast by NBC , surpassed that record with a base price of $ 4.5 million .	price
In 1972 , the Tizer brand was purchased .	brand
The fourth , which fell into the Mediterranean Sea , was recovered intact after a search .	search
After her mother dies in a mysterious car accident , 17-year-old Megan ( Nicole Eggert ) , daughter of a wealthy businessman , lives a reckless lifestyle .	accident
Lacaita was a botanist of note .	note
" 203 mm / 53 Italian naval gun	naval
It is also called " JRL " by fans as an abbreviation of its official name .	fans
William Symington ( 1764 – 1831 ) was a Scottish engineer and inventor , and the builder of the first practical steamboat , the Charlotte Dundas .	engineer
Further increases in payroll cannot be used to raise the district 's exception for pension payments .	raise
This is reflective for many social and cultural reasons .	reasons
For conical horns , the gain is :	gain
They met on October 28 , 1993 , for what was to be their last encounter for over a decade .	decade
It was turned down by ITV because it was " old-fashioned " and did not fit in with the network 's existing portfolio of dramas .	existing
Her song , " Palm Trees " featured as soundtrack in EA Sports game , " FIFA 15 " .	soundtrack
He also had a life-threatening brain tumor removed at the Boston Children 's Hospital at age 10 , and has been epileptic ever since .	brain
They are developing a series based on the characters .	developing
The following types of concepts of TA are those that are most visible and practiced .	visible
This is the # Contract Monitoring phase .	phase
This is generally due to excessive pride , rather than any actual delusions .	actual
Once again , during World War II , 2,300 staff members enlisted in the armed forces .	armed
The D168A , to the east , leads to the coast and to the village of Pinarello , 3 km away .	leads
It improves stability but would be damaged if the battery is reversed .	damaged
They then proceeded back to Ireland , and related the story of their adventures , where it was eventually written down in the form of a poem .	poem
Off Caldey Island , a Spanish treasure ship from Dunkirk had run aground , but disorder among the locals allowed the ship to escape .	escape
Loudoun Hill has long been a site of human occupation .	occupation
The first can be found in a window niche .	window
Nonoperating temperature : -4 ° to 113 ° F ( -20 ° to 45 ° C )	temperature
His fellow board members didn 't go along with the idea .	didn
It is one of the higher secondary school in that surrounding holds the basic facilities of the education .	basic
Several office areas around the docks , along with significant residential presence .	residential
The town was not incorporated into the Duchy of Württemberg , but protected as ' Hofkammergut ' in the Württemberg ' Kameralverwaltung ' .	protected
The match included an eight-point try scored by Paki Tuimavave in the 48th minute .	minute
The Kabras speak Lukabarasi and occupy the northern part of Kakamega district .	speak
His mark was , however , high enough for him to go to a Central School in Peckham .	mark
Here is a naïve implementation of a function finding the " n " th member of the Fibonacci sequence , based directly on the mathematical definition :	sequence
" Dunkerque " , after painfully breaking her mooring ropes , quickly suffered four-15-inch shell hits .	hits
In 2005 the club was relocated from its original home-ground HLT Oulton Park by the local council who conducted major redevelopment works at the site .	relocated
The term fell out of favour of doctors over time due to the negative connotations this term held .	negative
The Salmon Falls River then flows into the Piscataqua River and into the Great Bay estuary and the Gulf of Maine .	flows
He was a cousin of René Harris .	cousin
It is a Baroque church , built in 1627 to commemorate the victims of the plague .	victims
Sullivans Creek , a partly perennial stream of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin , is located in Canberra , Australian Capital Territory , Australia .	stream
Deaccessioned , it is now installed in the courtyard between the Cutts-Madison House and the National Courts Building in Washington , D.C .	installed
Although most practitioners are philosophers , several prominent designers and artists have contributed to the field .	contributed
As she gladly accepted , Nate knew he still couldn 't get his mind off of Danielle .	mind
He acted in several TV commercials .	acted
In Seoul she would improve this twice , first to 54.48 in the semis then to 54.03 , to finish fifth in the final .	improve
The theatre programme was developed to create a new style of studio work not previously available in Enfield .	programme
A principal concern about sodium nitrite is the formation of carcinogenic nitrosamines in meats containing sodium nitrite when meat is charred or overcooked .	containing
Francis leads the friars into the woods .	leads
The company has over 2000 employees .	employees
This caused a long hole , and disabled the starboard propeller shaft ; flooding caused her stern to touch bottom .	bottom
The TFPC also won honorary mention for a major award from the Community Food Security Coalition that honors exceptional work to promote food sovereignty in October 2009 .	promote
Both were sentenced to 6 months in prison .	sentenced
1911 : Herglotz explicitly used the expression " rest acceleration " ( ) instead of proper acceleration .	expression
During her five years in office , she introduced new rules , which have improved drastically transparency on CAP payments .	improved
Thus , the t shell is filled , and the e shell contains 3 electrons .	filled
Renesys reported that there were no longer any traffic blocks in place .	blocks
Before the feudal system could be completely overturned , castles played a role in the initial resistance to the Meiji Restoration .	resistance
Casey finds Fletcher 's body and the piece of paper .	piece
The IEB is an organisation whose examinations are written by private schools throughout South Africa .	organisation
However , the number of voters unable to vote was thought to be lower than Dodon 's margin of victory .	unable
Snorri also converted to Christianity and declared Christianity the official religion of Iceland .	religion
In 2007 they placed second at the 2008 Midwestern Sectional Championships and 13th at the 2008 United States Figure Skating Championships .	13th
Rachel later persuades Gunther to give Joey back his job , but once Joey finds more steady acting jobs he eventually just stops showing up .	showing
Forty-nine per cent of Thailand 's labour force is employed in agriculture .	agriculture
His subjects included ceremonies , rituals , and everyday life .	subjects
A radio enthusiast , he ran his own amateur station , and wrote the FCC in 1942 asking to build a 10-watt radio station on campus .	amateur
In total , 60 BMD-4Ms and BTR-MDMs were delivered in 2016 .	delivered
Preemptive planning prior to Hurricane Andrew lead to the first mating and pupae production in captivity in 1993 .	planning
This route follows a Roman road which linked the Clyde Valley with the Ayrshire coast .	linked
On October 26 , 2013 , Guerrero became the third woman in history to make the TV finals for a standard PBA Tour event .	finals
Odani castle fell , and amongst those who died were Nagamasa and Manpukumaru , Chacha 's only brother .	castle
When a cartridge is not in a drive , the pin is held in place at the opening of the cartridge with a small spring .	drive
The script was changed to soften this .	script
The completion of " Adventures " saw the departure of Andy Falconer , whose last contribution was to one of the Orb 's Peel Sessions .	completion
Marko Peter Stanojevic ( ; born 1 October 1979 in Birmingham , England ) is an Italian rugby union footballer .	rugby
Archaeologist Richard Bellhouse proposed that Towers 23B and 24A were the same as two of the fort 's angle-towers .	fort
In the next season , Maribor came very close to the group stages .	stages
One should keep in mind , though , that the folding rate of proteins does not depend linearly on viscosity for all regimes .	mind
In the mid-1980s , airlines once again started offering jet service out of Manchester .	offering
The Court ruled Lubbock High the rightful victor , and the team did not hear of this news until they were en route to Phoenix .	ruled
Uerdingen also captured the DFB-Pokal ( German Cup ) in 1985 with a 2 – 1 victory over Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich in Berlin 's Olympiastadion .	champions
Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih is , after its 2013 bankruptcy , an amateur club .	amateur
She also played the role of Jacqueline Marasigan in the primetime TV show , Budoy , opposite Gerald Anderson and Enrique Gil .	opposite
Belgian edition of the TMF Awards , presented annually by The Music Factory Music Channel , aimed at the Flemish speaking population of Belgium .	annually
" Before He Cheats " spent 64 consecutive weeks on the Hot 100 chart , before finally falling off in late November 2007 .	consecutive
therefore there is no direct manipulation of the environment .	environment
Pre-auditions in front of the show 's producers began on 11 October 2014 and travelled through 13 locations around New Zealand .	locations
But large Kurdish populations can be found in western Turkey due to internal migration .	internal
The office was established in 1999 leading up to the signing of the Jordan – United States Free Trade Agreement in 2000 .	signing
The Idakho speak Lwidakho and occupy the southern part of Kakamega district .	speak
Rich Collins , then the museum director , worried about the facility looking " like Fort Knox or a penal colony " .	looking
The Middleton Electric Traction Company Ltd. operated an electric tramway service in Middleton between 1902 and 1925 .	electric
It talks about Reason Cansino trying to tell Danny Galeano that she is pregnant with his child and that Jason Blake is coming close to succeeding .	trying
Multiple Helsinki based clubs have played in the league but due to their short term visits and relatively low support base large scale rivalries were never born .	scale
There are two important device concepts concerning IGBTs .	device
Father J. Lorne Reynolds appointed parish priest .	priest
A second " Peanuts " educational film about teeth , " It 's Dental Flossophy , Charlie Brown " , was released the following year .	educational
The U.S. , as the host nation , did not need to qualify , but had assembled a team of amateurs , mostly college players .	nation
In 1936 , López was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Willy Kaiser .	eliminated
Stirling Point has an anchor chain sculpture which replicates the sculpture on Stewart Island .	chain
Naranjo-style ceramics diminished greatly in quantity and there was a surge in new large-scale construction .	greatly
During the period between 1959 – 1989 the Royal Canberra Hospital ( RCH ) received high praise as a nursing , teaching and community institution .	institution
The mass of each disk would be about a gram , adding up to a total of almost 20 million tonnes .	mass
He calls her relationship with Laura childish and Beth admits she is not in love with him , she only loves Laura .	calls
Two of Heth 's brigade commanders , William Whedbee Kirkland and John Rogers Cooke , were badly wounded .	wounded
Mitsuda has also appeared with the Eminence Symphony Orchestra as a special guest .	guest
He bequeathed his collection to the state with provision for its upkeep and for assistance to Icelandic students .	assistance
The per capita income for the CDP was $ 26,930 .	capita
As of August 2015 , Simmons is also The Advertiser 's official scientist in residence .	residence
Usaia was a noted runner in Fiji and was selected to represent Fiji in the South Pacific Games ( now Pacific Games ) numerous times .	represent
The standard distance that these races were measured in was the " stade " ( where one stadia is approximately 185 meters ) .	meters
Rockers have a high movement rating and are great all-around combatants .	rating
His successive businesses were all struggling , and Caragiale was often on the verge of bankruptcy .	businesses
Laxalt did not run for re-election , choosing instead to run for Nevada state governor ; he was succeeded by Aaron Ford on January 7 , 2019 .	governor
In Washington County in Northeast Maryland there were many cases of the Swine Flu almost causing the closing of four Schools .	causing
Charles reappears in " Company Picnic " , where he is again condescending to Jim and heavily competitive in the volleyball game against the Scranton branch .	heavily
The outfall from that devastating storm prompted improvements in the reconnaissance fleets .	storm
Author Richard Palmer attributes it to a slang term for a slow local passenger train or way freight .	passenger
According to Jeanne Liedtka , strategic thinking differs from strategic planning along the following dimensions of strategic management :	planning
Nadal has been especially successful on clay courts .	courts
She joined the Association of Czech Teachers and spoke out against the Austro-Hungarian law which forbade teachers marriage and required that they remain celibate .	teachers
Golem is a humanoid creature that was made in the 16th century by Judah Loew Ben Bezalel .	16th
She is joined by characters representing the other two of the trio of Norns — her sisters Urd and Skuld .	representing
Two days later , he confirmed the news during the Dutch talk show " De Wereld Draait Door " .	talk
Resigning in 1854 , Blacket took up a commission to design buildings for the University of Sydney .	commission
As an actor , Kelly became the first black martial arts film star .	arts
His theological contributions are sometimes referred to as Palamism , and his followers as Palamites .	contributions
On June 29 of that year , a contract was signed with the Virginia Engineering Company of Newport News for the expansion of the station .	expansion
The stadium was the site of the infamous Fog Bowl playoff game between the Bears and Philadelphia Eagles .	stadium
It supports HEVC / H.265 decode up to 1080p60 4 : 2 : 2 10bits ( Main10 profile at Level 4.1 High Tier ) .	supports
Within the Kru language there are several subcategories , with Eastern and Western Kru offering the first significant division of tribal language breakdowns .	offering
Critically , " Excuse Me Mr. " was cited as one of the best tracks on " Tragic Kingdom " .	cited
No further news regarding any of the two projects emerged since then .	regarding
EDUSC financed the $ 1.2 million project to renovate and expand the existing water system in Cange .	existing
His mere presence is enough to carry the weaker tracks " .	carry
Generally , the speed range for higher-speed rail is between and .	rail
In 1906 Matteo left Itala to found S.P.A. ( Società Piemontese Automobili ) with chief designer , Alberto Ballacco .	designer
Both the region and the fort were surrendered between 260 and 268 A.D. due to pressure from the Alemanni ( " Limesfall " / eng .	fort
Phakeo village is a remote Hmong village located on the upper slopes of the mountains and can only be reached by walking with a guide .	mountains
Despite no other resolution being passed , Holt continued to serve as the state printer for laws and resolutions until his death in 1784 .	laws
Later , he came upon a child who had been robbed of his Green Lantern comic .	comic
Athena finds an ecstatic Angel soaking wet in the pouring as he has found his missing shoes .	missing
The bracket of the knockout stage was determined as follows :	determined
As the trade was good this was indeed a boon , but also a challenge .	challenge
His style is considered unsurpassed in expression achieved by almost mono-colored painting .	expression
Western wear is a category of men 's and women 's clothing which derives its unique style from the clothes worn in the 19th-century Wild West .	category
After a considerable amount of drinking , McCay was introduced by animator Max Fleischer .	considerable
In addition to being very involved in the local healthcare of Hampton Roads , EVMS has a longstanding commitment to global health education .	global
Use of the term " chickenhead " predates this and extends across the demographic makeup of American society .	makeup
Other separatist groups had attacked civilians 25 times within the same time frame , and were responsible for 13 civilian deaths .	frame
This condition is used as a comparison to the other conditions .	condition
The government was also urged to pursue reforms and establish mechanisms referred to in Resolution 1606 .	establish
Tarzan is a Disney media franchise that commenced in 1999 with the theatrical release of the film " Tarzan " .	franchise
Each runway is wide , with wide safety shoulders on each side .	safety
Gary , her anus , conspires with Minge to get Oprah fired .	fired
The formation of the triple alliance meant that grain from abroad was harder to obtain .	meant
Kelly was also a professional tennis player on the USTA Senior Men 's Circuit .	tennis
Meanwhile , María Teresa married Joaquín Salazar Angulo , a budding musician from an honorable family .	musician
The IRA also allegedly shot two loyalists who were throwing petrol bombs at Catholic homes there .	homes
She represented the Patiyali constituency and is a member of the Samajwadi Party political party .	constituency
One of the most visible recurring characters of " Kim Possible " .	visible
The vessel was built at Chantiers et Ateliers Augustin Normand in Le Havre .	vessel
There are thought to have been about 40,000 Mandaeans in Iraq prior to the US-led invasion .	invasion
A small riot also took place in the Israeli-Arab town of Tayibe where locals burned tires at the town entrance .	entrance
He was named justice of the peace in the Eastern District in 1812 and in the Ottawa District in 1816 .	peace
The award is intended to recognize those military service members who performed duty during the years of the Persian Gulf War .	duty
Anchorage area radio competitors saw then KZND-LP 's entry into the market as cheating , so they raised a complaint with the FCC .	entry
Weighted blankets were first used in 1999 , when an occupational therapist used them to help some mental-health patients .	patients
The ruling ideas are thought to be the universal interest .	ideas
There are approximately of coquina rock outcrops frequently exposed along the low-tide line of the city 's ocean beach .	beach
She had acted in few Pakistani films such as " Ishq Khuda , Hijrat , " and " Hotal . "	acted
tonight had a circulation of 102,000 with an estimated readership of 184,000 each weekday evening .	evening
The album featuring guest performances from Mary Black and Shayne Ward is being released in North America in 2012 on the Valley Entertainment record label .	guest
Among the non-organic products are some hot and cold cereals , most nut butters , and some baking mixes .	cold
Claudius adopted by a L. Catilius , in spite of the existence of senatorial Cn .	existence
The Chicago Distribution Center ( CDC ) began providing distribution services in 1991 , when the University of Tennessee Press became its first client .	providing
Many residents commuted to Gainesville to work after local industries declined .	declined
Their home , which served as the area 's general store , post office , and stage stop , was built next to the town 's chapel .	chapel
The situation was worse to the west .	situation
Glen reveals to Santiago that his grandmother is trying to call .	trying
After the war he enrolled in the Illinois Institute of Technology 's architecture school and went on to win the Emerson Prize .	architecture
He was removed from the position in 1941 , due to the German occupation of Norway .	occupation
But the next day she tells Paul about it and it seems to excite him .	seems
The business had been founded by Louis Zabar , whose family was also Ukrainian Jewish , during the 1930s .	1930s
This connection was discontinued at the timetable change in December 2014 .	connection
In 1923 , Lilian had a new Tudor-style house built , where the family resided until the early 1930s .	1930s
Four other parks that were developed later but fit into the street pattern are Gateway Park , Jackson Street Park , Legion Park and Madison Park .	pattern
In January 2018 , it was reported that the actual amount the Duchess was seeking was £ 45 million .	actual
surprises Holly at the office Christmas party in " Classy Christmas " , their relationship seems solid , but soon afterward she tells A.J .	seems
The treaty was the first arms control agreement established during the Cold War .	arms
According to the BBC , people from 155 countries voted " Chaiyya Chaiyya " ninth in the top 10 songs .	voted
As of 2013 the race run under PASS rules and is a point-scoring race for the PASS North and National championships .	championships
2nd placed de Ferran dropped out with engine failure , meaning that the top three rookies were all out of the race .	failure
In computing , early 8-bit character sets as code page 437 for the original IBM PC ( circa 1981 ) also had these characters .	page
Ameson acts as a third party to recruit these graduates for English teacher positions in Chinese schools .	acts
Later , he goes fishing to earn money , taking Trina 's savings ( now totaling $ 450 ) .	fishing
, Tunisia had a total renewable capacity of 312 MW ( 245 MW wind , 62 MW hydropower , 15 MW photovoltaics . )	wind
The rules of proper conduct are repeatedly stated and emphasized in the story , both during and after the ball .	ball
Satellite islands at the eastern end are Morat , Barbareta , and Pigeon Cay .	islands
Second , the theory puts forth a determinate image of the market .	image
Marcia also cultivated flower gardens at the Faculty and decorated the rooms with her work .	rooms
The title was for males only ; no female version existed .	existed
Hu was one of the few among the May Fourth writers who wrote in the then-new vernacular Chinese language with ease .	writers
Novorossiysk station was opened in 1889 , and in 1898 a railway passenger terminal was built .	passenger
Strong incision into underlying strata and downflow tapering suggests that the precursor scours formed in response to vigorous floods across the well drained floodplain .	suggests
In October , she flew to Korea for a ceremonial appointment by Korean Tourism Organization as the Honorary Ambassador for Korean Tourism .	appointment
He started in all 16 games of the season and recorded 70 receptions , 947 receiving yards , and six touchdowns .	receiving
Humans have lived in Australia , and perhaps this area , for at least 40,000 years .	perhaps
These strategies include increasing transportation choices and transit use .	increasing
There is also an inventory system used to access the items Torin collects during the course of the game .	items
On two vocal tracks the ensemble is joined by bassist Mchaka Uba and blues guitarist Louis Myers .	guitarist
The national makeup of the city was 94 % Jewish , 5.5 % other non-Arabs , and Arabs less than 1 % .	makeup
He captained his own team and his players included some of the earliest known professionals , such as his groom Thomas Waymark .	earliest
Deportations to the camps fell dramatically , perhaps ceasing altogether .	perhaps
Clijsters and Henin-Hardenne sat out the year 's third Grand Slam with the same injuries that put them out of the French Open .	injuries
Newark is served by DART First State bus routes No .	routes
The church has always sought to assemble as many bishops as possible for the election and consecration of new bishops .	sought
Kannadasan was present at the recording session of the song , which took place in September 1981 .	session
He first represented G.D. Estoril Praia , joining the club at the age of 12 .	joining
( 1940 ) " this method was basically employed to study and solve problems regarding war finance .	regarding
The proposed syndrome was featured in the 2006 BBC2 documentary " The Family That Walks On All Fours " .	documentary
Muddy Puddles recent initiative called the ‘ Muddy Academy ’ aims to promote the Scandinavian Forest School way of teaching in schools across the United Kingdom .	promote
The residents were to monitor the coastal areas of Sumatra .	coastal
It was located on the northwest portion of the airfield .	northwest
Auburn 's Director of High School and NFL relations said of Wilhite 's impersonations ,	relations
The plan was to outflank the Piedmontese army from the south , raise the siege of Pescheria , and obtain a decisive victory .	raise
Passenger train service arrived in the city on September 7 , 1891 , with the completion of the Union Station train hub .	completion
Recent research suggests that high functional support is related to higher levels of positive affect .	suggests
These are rare tumors and symptoms are often misdiagnosed by physicians .	rare
Following the expulsion they started a new group in the Labour Party , known by the name of its publication , " Socialist Appeal " .	publication
On the 1878 journey Frank Withall , a young Englishman , was included on the suggestion of Browne " to gather some colonial experience " .	colonial
The Rabbit escapes the box , dresses itself , and steals a pair of scissors from a hidden drawer .	pair
Tom decides to leave the church for Susan , leaving Lyn appalled .	decides
He has more than 800 research publications , including 32 books published , and 24 patents .	publications
Smith is acting editor of the magazine , here renamed " Peaceful Moments " , edited by a Mr Renshaw and owned by Mr Benjamin Scobell .	edited
These changes were confined to the ameloblastic layer , but in severe cases , there was an associated change in the stratum intermedium .	severe
Both Air Facilities operate from Memorial Day to Labor Day .	operate
After graduating from high school in Kalmar the late 1970s , he graduated with a B.A .	graduating
The thug attacked Jackie , prompting her to run into the bathroom and lock the door .	door
( In previous years , it had been on a combination of NBC and TNT . )	combination
In 2012-13 , only 73 % of the students were reading on grade level in grades 3rd through 6th .	reading
Trains are available to almost all parts of India subject to advance booking over the internet .	advance
Comparing the year from April 2009 with the year from April 2002 , estimated passenger numbers increased by 52 % .	passenger
The massive stadium did , however , permit the Indians to set the then record for the largest crowd to see a Major League baseball game .	stadium
Other works depicted scenes from ancient Rome .	scenes
He died on 20 July , in Marie 's arms .	arms
The characteristic choreography by Ando and Tsurutani is to a non-stop sequence of various music assembled into one story scene , similar to a ballet program .	sequence
Over the years Kennedy has written editorials for the Philadelphia Inquirer and other newspapers and has been interviewed by the Washington Post , Los Angeles Times .	newspapers
He attacked and deposed Marduk-apla-iddina II in 710 BC , also defeating his Elamite allies in the process .	defeating
New Zealand-born Australian Nancy Wake , the most decorated woman of World War II , led her small army of resistance fighters in the countryside around Montlucon .	resistance
He retired from service in 1995 and devoted his life to composing Hausa poems in Ajami script .	script
Gustav formed out of a tropical wave that had previously produced t-rain and squalls in the Lesser Antilles .	tropical
The US / Rwanda proposal was a four-point peace plan that called for withdrawal of both forces to pre-June 1998 positions .	peace
This equipment provides digital voice , encryption , frequency hopping , data , positional awareness and rebroadcast capability .	frequency
The only radio station calling Seaford its home is WGBG 92.7 FM , which broadcasts from just outside the city limits .	calling
We measure our success in days , not dollars !	measure
Although Ibrahim II inherited a kingdom depopulated by the plague of 874 , his reign was economically prosperous .	reign
After ending their run on Comedy Central , Oswalt , Posehn , Mirman and Morgan Murphy performed in a 2006 " Comedians of Comedy " tour .	ending
Lamar was invited to the Pecan Bowl , where they lost 19-17 to Northern Iowa .	invited
Flute circles typically meet periodically to engage in educational and recreational	educational
The refit was halted on 20 August 1945 and on 17 November that year , she was paid off at Sydney and laid up at Shelburne .	laid
This book documented the journey of the Indian women with a special focus on the girl child .	girl
Wase Wind is a Flemish energy cooperative , active in the production of renewable energy and the supply of electricity from windturbines .	supply
Villa Aurora is a place for cultural encounters , creative debates and joint projects .	joint
The warriors fight with arrowhead knives and brute strength .	strength
The U.S. Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) updated the estimated average requirements ( EARs ) and recommended dietary allowances ( RDAs ) for copper in 2001 .	requirements
A histogram can also be generated for the price oscillators , if desired , just as is done for the MACD indicator .	price
He was known as the " " father of Ipswich " " for his contributions to establishing that town .	contributions
Osler and Ruhräh , frequently gave her bouquets of flowers .	flowers
Some time after this Donald along with his half brother Matthew Radlet ( Ian Saynor ) comes to the cottage and meets his father .	meets
He flashes his flash light into the ocean and then a boat , commanded by Justine , flashes back .	boat
The operation of the pharmaceutical company continues as usual , manufacturing and distribution the products or services .	manufacturing
However young the research is the results are promising pointing to nanotechnology as the way forward in treating a variety of brain diseases .	brain
And the heavy story , unlightened by the slightest sign of comedy relief . "	sign
Ann has been the Prelate of the Sisters of the Light for nearly eight-hundred years and is a sorceress of rare power .	rare
Simultaneously , Democratic Senator Albert Gore , Sr. was running an equally hard-fought and ultimately unsuccessful campaign for a fourth term against Chattanooga Congressman William E. Brock .	ultimately
The character plays an important background role in the popular 2003 tragicomedy film " Good Bye Lenin !	background
Both songs were written by Soulhead , arranged by both Soulhead and Octopussy and are R & B .	arranged
Bertie decides to do the same , yet Florence actually approves , as Edwin messed up her scrap album .	decides
The operation of each individual mailing list is controlled by files in the list 's directory ( in the aforegiven example ) .	controlled
The band ended the tour that promoted the album , taking a break from touring and recording and writing material for their fourth studio album .	break
The gaseous phase no longer exerts significant pressure on the substance to be evaporated , and consequently , the rate of evaporation no longer depends on pressure .	phase
The Mutual Bank offers everyday banking services , loans , insurance and financial planning .	planning
The line also carried landed fish from the docks to distant markets .	markets
Warrick left her church after having been subject to racial bigotry of the parishioners .	racial
The village has a large playing field , called Jubilee Field , with bowls and tennis facilities and children 's play area .	tennis
Two Episodes of On the Menu centred around restaurant chains owned by Robert Earl , for which he served on the panel of judges deciding the winner .	restaurant
Additionally , Nelson spent ten years in northeastern China studying the " goddess temple " .	studying
The Unit 2 replacement was completed in 2009 and Unit 3 in 2011 .	replacement
Under his speakership , on 3 October 1992 the parliament announced that Kurdistan wanted to live under a federal system in Iraq .	parliament
But the stench of it just seems to cling to the air .	seems
Cribb 's brother Benjamin Cribb also served as a member of the colonial parliaments of both New South Wales and Queensland .	colonial
The carts , often being crafted out of wood , are very ornate , with elaborate carvings .	wood
By the end of the series , Kuryu is transferred to Ishigaki Island because of all the commotion he causes .	causes
The performance was filmed by television networks for Telehit and was aired on February 1998 .	filmed
Willoughby 's foot soldiers fell back in disorder .	foot
It flew reconnaissance missions to support ground operations in the Rhine Valley in March 1945 , hitting airfields , motor transports , etc .	missions
When Wesley reminds him that he went over a century without seeking redemption , Angel replies that he sought Darla instead .	sought
Edison estimated that the modernization would save customers $ 1 billion during the plant 's license period , which at the time ran until 2022 .	save
The prisoners were escorted by Red Army , and often , partisans without mercy for those who fell down frozen or exhausted ( Revelli , 1966 ) .	prisoners
Ultimately , Wilkins concluded that the episode was successful because of " how real this all feels " .	concluded
The music video opens with Lopez at her rich boyfriend 's mansion .	rich
In an organizational context , each node ( neuron ) in the artificial neural network has its own gene regulatory network associated with it .	gene
The suspect seen outside the flat has never been positively identified .	flat
The exact ingredients are kept secret - they are what make each Vieux unique .	secret
As an innovative filmmaker , he turned the production of murder mysteries into a popular new wave in the Iranian filmmaking .	murder
The pipe manufacturing company was purchased by Organ Supply Corporation in 1958 .	manufacturing
Separately , a third major formula maker said that in-house tests had detected trace levels of melamine in its infant formula .	tests
Two of his uncles also played football at Brown and one of his cousins , Buddy Farnham , briefly played for the New England Patriots .	briefly
Among his innovative recommendations was development of light cavalry to combat Mongol tactics .	combat
The project was funded by the United States Department of Energy , and operates as part of the Long Island Power Authority power grid .	operates
The irrigation water is transported to the valley from sources in the Sierra Nevada via the California Aqueduct .	valley
This was alongside several other Lee cameos , to limit the amount of travel he had to do for the next four MCU films .	limit
Xanatos escapes after nearly trapping Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon in a mining shaft .	mining
On 8 May 2014 , Wagstaff re-signed with the Wildcats on a two-year deal ( with the option of a third ) .	option
Meanwhile , Princess Aura overpowers her guard and frees Barin and Zarkov from the execution chamber .	guard
A branch of the European walking route E4 to the " Timios Stavros " summit of Mt Ida starts west of the plateau .	starts
The fruit is a whitish berry with some purple markings .	fruit
Polish heritage , culture , food and traditions .	heritage
He then receives the employment letter on being temporarily appointed at the Taluk Office replacing Vaishakan on a leave vacancy and is overjoyed .	replacing
Anhemitonic pentatonic scales can be constructed in many ways .	ways
This injury normally requires an eight-week healing process , but Provorov played through the injury .	requires
These policies and programmes have to be coherent .	policies
Fruit are purple to black , 10 to 15 mm in diameter .	diameter
Murray 's tactics for the race were to start off very fast .	fast
The regiment saw active service in the Second Boer War and both World Wars .	regiment
Hill notes that some early manuscripts have " opened up to him " rather than just " opened up . "	notes
Magne Hagen ( born 25 January 1938 ) is a retired Norwegian royal servant .	royal
In Palmyra , Lawrence developed a reputation as a seer and a treasure-hunter .	reputation
" S " is total saving , " s " is the savings rate , and " I " is investment .	investment
As Lieutenant Governor , she has undertaken several missions abroad to the United States and to the United Kingdom .	missions
Population : 16,485 ( 2002 Census ) ; The population of Parfino accounts for 52.0 % of the total district 's population .	accounts
The project 's stated goal was " to inform the debate and to create an active public and policy dialogue .	debate
Blenheim Art Foundation launched with the exhibition " Ai Weiwei at Blenheim Palace " , which took place 1 October 2014 - 26 April 2015 .	exhibition
Osundwa says he did this translation in Mumias , the former capital of the Wanga kingdom of Mumia .	translation
The entries of L are partial derivatives of the new or old coordinates with respect to the old or new coordinates , respectively .	respect
Denham Aerodrome in the southeast of the district has a small number of chartered flights running out of it .	southeast
His feast day falls on October 26 .	falls
Since 2001 , all of the products of Laitilan Wirvoitusjuomatehdas are manufactured using wind power .	wind
as a function of temperature or pressure , using the Rietveld method .	temperature
Many examples of sculptures of people and animals , as well as carved stelae , are known from the Mongol Empire , especially from its capital Karakorum .	examples
However , most of the M3s ordered by the UK quickly became surplus to the requirements of the British Army .	requirements
Thus , Charlemagne 's assumption of the imperial title was not seen as an usurpation in the eyes of the Franks or Italians .	eyes
The drum brakes were actuated by a cable in front and a rod in the rear .	rear
Most trains reverse direction at the south end at Readville , but a few continue onto the Franklin Line .	onto
An index of these documents can be found one the OSS Watch Website .	documents
In case of derbendcis this also included military services such as guarding mountain passes .	passes
Before being elected to the Newfoundland assembly in 1949 , Chalker was managing director of Chalker and Co . Ltd. and Newfoundland Lime Ltd .	assembly
With advent of more efficient means of electrolysis , e.g. , Hall – Héroult process , the Wöhler process and related chemical-based routes became obsolete .	routes
By 1939 , this had grown to 6,812 .	grown
High-powered motor boats are allowed on much of the lake , and the lake is known for warm-water fish .	boats
The 11th-century building has the characteristic features of the Romanesque churches in the area , such as the belltower in the center of the façade .	churches
This mod will increase speed and responsiveness of the player , along with making it more durable and increasing battery life .	increasing
Schnell mentored 26 Ph.D. students , many of whom reached leading positions in research institutions and breeding companies .	institutions
A czapka with blue top and white plume was worn in full dress .	blue
As was the case with its predecessors the TX4 is built on a fully boxed hydroformed ladder frame with a separate body .	frame
However , an Admiralty Warrant was issued on 5 December 1938 , authorising these vessels to fly the Australian Red Ensign .	vessels
Capital would be invested for profit , but basic necessities might be ignored .	basic
The homosexual theme is also strongly referred to , especially in the character of Thomas / Puck and his relationship with Jack .	strongly
It turns out the jam is spiked with " cannabis sativa " .	turns
He was also a graduate from the Naval War College .	graduate
The accuracy of the heart rate monitor has been debated , as different tests have shown it to be 91 % as accurate as chest strap monitors .	tests
Here , and especially with shades which have sloped sides , the distance between the surface and the bulb reduces making the risk of overheating a concern .	risk
Free throw attempts , 4-game series : 68 , vs. New Jersey Nets , 2002 NBA Finals	attempts
Digital Manga Publishing was originally responsible for the North American distribution , with the first volume being released August 6 , 2005 .	volume
Partially situated on the Hudson River , the Hudson Palisades rise from the waterfront , while the northern part of the town sits atop the plateau .	rise
He was elected in an 1858 by-election to represent North Leeds and , in 1861 , he retired from politics .	represent
A small cupola on top of the turret held a machine gun .	machine
HMP Preston is also a good example of a typical Victorian radial-design prison .	typical
Kelly Souders , Brian Peterson , and Jeff Vintar wrote the pilot .	pilot
Sometime between the 1840s and the late 1860s , Richardson focused solely on the grain trade .	focused
This short freight line branches from the Carlingford line at Camellia and runs close to the southern bank of the Parramatta River .	branches
A fortnight later he played in the PGA Championship for the first time and finished in a tie for 18th place .	18th
Dempster and his men found the bodies of Fitzgerald 's patrol on March 22 , 1911 .	bodies
This species grows to a length of TL .	grows
He then went on to attend Trinity Valley Community College in Athens , Texas .	attend
It was given the name Tecolote ( meaning owl ) , after this native bird that lives in this canyon .	bird
After completing his studies , he worked briefly at a British merchant bank .	briefly
On 6 September 1992 Cork faced Kilkenny in the All-Ireland decider .	faced
The medical qualifications of a uniformed member are denoted with collar insignia , commonly known as ' collar dogs ' , while rank is denoted using epaulettes .	rank
In November 1986 , Collins accompanied Pope John Paul II as he visited Darwin and Alice Springs as part of the Australian papal tour .	accompanied
Music is in Protracker-MOD format which uses digitized instrument samples while most of PC game music still relied on FM-synthesis based instruments at the time .	instruments
HDAC inhibitors can induce p21 ( WAF1 ) expression , a regulator of p53 's tumor suppressoractivity .	expression
The Age of the Sturlungs or the Sturlung Era ( ) was a 42 – 44 year period of violent internal strife in mid-13th century Iceland .	internal
He again had a chance to make it to the Olympics .	chance
White ran the Carp River post office out of the store he clerked at , which was indeed next door to the house of the Marquette postmaster .	door
The administration employed the " madman strategy " to force the North Vietnamese government to negotiate an end to the Vietnam War .	strategy
By requirement the parameter fields , atmospheric levels , and physical units are consistent across all data from the providers and encoded in WMO GRIB-2 format .	fields
It received mostly positive reviews , and reached # 69 in the UK charts .	charts
The verses consist of her " trying to lay down the rules " , while the chorus expresses " all of the fear " that she feels .	trying
The wood is managed by the Wildlife Trust for Sheffield and Rotherham .	wood
It is an attractive small shrub and is a popular garden plant .	garden
For example , the Paras Thermal Power Station consumed 351,000 tonnes of coal in 2006-07 .	coal
Proetz moved to New York City in 1933 and during his time there produced forty designs for textile and wall paper .	designs
The Yankees as a team , however , did poorly during the remainder of the season , and Toronto easily pulled away to win the division .	easily
The investors capital was stuck in the funds for months .	funds
His father fled to England in 1939 , following the German occupation of Czechoslovakia .	occupation
Douglas Shire Council minute books reputedly were destroyed in a fire and again by the 1911 cyclone .	minute
The CLK GTR FIA GT1 racing car appeared in 1998 , powered by a 5.9 L V12 engine ; 25 road-going CLK GTRs were made .	racing
A future translation of this book from French into English might help the popularization of the theory .	translation
The TAP has come under some criticism since its inception .	criticism
STAT3 GOF patients were found to have germline heterozygous variants .	patients
This plaza hosts a large festival on the same day .	hosts
It is believed that Dún Ailinne was a royal centre and inaugural or ceremonial site for the Kings of Leinster .	royal
It has been necessary to convert it into an organization that helps the government .	necessary
In Division Four , the top two are promoted and the bottom 4 are relegated .	bottom
Furthermore , department members have built several liquid mirror telescopes , the biggest being the 6 metre Large Zenith Telescope near Vancouver .	biggest
The summit had a wider Arab participation and was dedicated to following up on the deteriorating situation in Lebanon .	situation
In all , nearly 1,500 people have been killed in political violence in the city from 1969 until the present .	violence
The site is located in the Coso Range northwest of Coso Hot Springs .	northwest
I ’ ve always been a romantic at heart and I could often relate to the main characters and their experiences .	experiences
Kaare Langlete ( 15 June 1931 – 22 June 2009 ) was a Norwegian military officer and royal servant .	royal
Upon the album 's release , SPIN named " Forever Sounds " its Album of the Week , awarding it an 8 of 10 rating .	rating
Surviving Buddhist images and sculptures are primarily found in and at Tabon Cave .	images
The various Adisadel old student associations often mobilise resources independently to support the school .	resources
He had filled it with presents for the people .	filled
Technical advances in GPU computing have begun to narrow this gap and make real-time Capon beamforming possible .	narrow
The road continues northeast to its eastern terminus at Toe Road , near the Grenada Dam .	northeast
Luke attempts to quell Andy 's fears about Steph and Jamie by telling him they were a couple ages ago , but only makes matters worse .	attempts
Although the original recipe calls for crayfish , shrimp chupe has become more widely eaten , as fresh or frozen shrimp become more common .	calls
He was born in Chandernagor , a French colonial enclave north of Calcutta , where his father served as a French official .	colonial
Free weight ( s ) may refer to :	weight
Numerous families abandoned the settlement at this time .	abandoned
A possible improvement involves layering or stacking a series of EFA devices to increase the airflow .	devices
As before , each test was the successful completion of a popular computer game of the time .	completion
According to " The Brunswick News " , the legend has its roots in Muscogee tradition .	tradition
Italian Americans became involved in entertainment and sports .	entertainment
These balers are made of steel with a hydraulic ram to compress the material loaded .	steel
octopus employs pseudopotentials and real-space numerical grids to propagate the Kohn – Sham orbitals in real time under the influence of time-varying electromagnetic fields .	fields
The rolling by-pass now affected Squirt 4 , Engine 5 , and Engine 6 .	affected
Vyjayanthimala debuted in Kannada cinema through a film called " Asha Nirasha " which was produced by G. D. Venkatram .	debuted
Jim Meyer ( born James David Meyer ) is a former offensive tackle in the National Football League .	offensive
Nevertheless , this second offer was again rejected , more narrowly this time , by 10.94 % of the minority vote .	rejected
Free throw attempts , one postseason : 296 ( 2000 )	attempts
It is also featured in the 2013 mobile game " Real Racing 3 " .	mobile
The Pennsylvania Auditor General 's office reported that 47 % of eligible property owners , in Clarion County , applied for the property tax relief .	owners
It is one of the earliest commercial rock bootlegs , the first being " Great White Wonder " by Bob Dylan which was released several months earlier .	earliest
Jonas was elected to two terms , separated by years , to the North Carolina House of Representatives , serving 1927-1929 and 1935-1937 .	separated
When Ronnie goes home , he finds an envelope containing a letter written by his mother saying : " Please be a good boy . "	containing
Eventually , they separate and have no contact for three years , during which Daiki and Sally become a couple , until their high school reunion .	contact
Components of a given vibrational mode are also labelled according to their transformation properties .	properties
The genetic diversity of the populations is probably low because they are often clonal , spreading via vegetative reproduction with rhizomes rather than sexual reproduction by seed .	sexual
But financial failure and betrayal associates forced him to stop work .	failure
This list contains all players that have played 100 or more first-class matches for the club .	first-class
The U.S. Bureau of Investigation ( BOI ) , which later became the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , was assigned to conduct the investigation .	investigation
Examples of such stressors are immigration , low socioeconomic status , and even possibly the accumulation of smaller daily hassles .	possibly
These were pretty good because they have a choke tube attached to the grey plastic backplate .	attached
Gdańsk University of Technology is situated in the centre of old Wrzeszcz – a district which has good communication with every part of the city .	communication
Since 2004 , the EYP has introduced several reforms to introduce more transparency in its institutions and further enlarged its activities .	institutions
In 2009 , Hachette decided to concentrate on its top interior design magazine , " Elle Decor " , and shut down " Metropolitan Home " .	interior
It is equipped with a heating and air renewal , four boards many changes , plus a network of 28 speakers .	equipped
Mount Tabor helped build , launch and test the Google Health personal health information platform , and supported the implementation of Microsoft HealthVault personal health information platform .	launch
Joëlle Aubron died on 1 March 2006 , at the age of 46 , from a cancer that had metastatized towards her brain .	brain
According to German historians , any members of the fifth column , if present in the city , were infiltrators from Germany , not natives of Bydgoszcz .	column
She decides to give them the money , but Liljana tells her that they will be returning it .	decides
He participated in the men 's 94 kg event at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships , and at the 2016 Summer Olympics , finishing in twelfth position .	finishing
One of the available instruments is subsidising festivals like this one ...	instruments
Mervyn Bishop ( born July 1945 ) is an Australian news and documentary photographer .	documentary
He was mustered out of the volunteer service with the rest of his regiment on August 20 , 1864 .	regiment
The first Bible translation in a Luyia language was produced by Nicholas Stamp in the Wanga language .	translation
Dnipro maintains friendly relations with Karpaty Lviv , Dynamo Kyiv ( the fan union " Braty po Zbroyi " ) and Veres Rivne .	relations
In the 1999 – 2000 season , Maribor finally reached the group stages of the elite UEFA Champions League .	stages
Hillcrest 's mission is " to equip students in a Christ-centered Bible-based environment for a life of eternal significance . "	environment
This was Underwood 's third consecutive number one country single and fourth number one single overall .	consecutive
Likewise a substantial step away from the pretty , melodic " Nobody " , Keef is not treading the same old ground . "	step
It is common to consider a torsor for not just a group scheme but more generally for a group sheaf ( e.g. , fppf group sheaf ) .	scheme
The required instruments cost around US $ 130,000 in 2005 .	instruments
More recently , Syrian Kurds have been entering France illegally	entering
She finished her international career with 10 caps and 2 goal to her credit .	credit
District 's population : 5,610 ( 2002 Census ) ; The population of Poddorye accounts for 40.0 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
Ferdinand enjoyed Marie 's presence during military marches and consequently , she was frequently invited to this sort of event .	invited
Sanders Associates was a defense contractor in Nashua , New Hampshire , United States , from 1951 until it was sold in 1986 .	defense
In February 2006 the firm launched a user generated content community under the domain www.filemobile.com .	user
As a result , WRJR found itself broadcasting to slim audiences , both on campus and off .	broadcasting
However , his visa was never approved and he was unable to travel to the United States at that time .	unable
The Hamiltons had uncovered the original accusations of forgery against Pattee and attempted to unseat him on that basis .	attempted
Barriers to movement can decrease breeding opportunities for these populations , leading to reduced gene pools and further declining numbers .	gene
Their rivalry eventually came to a conclusive end when Sixshot and Magnus engaged in a one-on-one duel .	engaged
Ionization is only the first step in electrostatic fluid acceleration .	step
Hazel Creek is a stream in Georgia , and is a tributary of the Soque River .	stream
Nonetheless , the couple was not able to attend celebrations for Queen Victoria 's diamond jubilee that summer .	attend
It was destroyed again in 1916 during World War I by the marauding Albanian bands of Sali Butka .	bands
Doc 's screening selection is eclectic .	selection
She is currently the artistic director and choreographer of the dance team called Freelusion .	artistic
Wine expert , Tom Stevenson notes that the city of Nantes serves as a shield , protecting the region from northwesterly winds .	notes
More unrest took shape in demonstrations against the war in Vietnam .	shape
The oath is for an indeterminate period ; no duration is specifically defined .	specifically
Designed in a joint venture with Navistar International , the medium-duty F-650 / F-750 Super Duty were introduced in 2000 .	joint
This causes a dilemma within Ciena , as she still has feelings of loyalty to the Galactic Empire .	causes
Following the stunt , Comedy Central posted the show 's entire first season on their official website for streaming .	posted
The Soviets flew 11,317 night sorties over Stalingrad and the Don bend sector between 17 July and 19 November 1942 .	sector
Molybdenum deficiency refers to the clinical consequences of inadequate supplies of molybdenum in the diet .	refers
They were a transitional phase of Angham in her adolescent years .	phase
The firing sequence begins with the ignition of a methane gas mixture in the combustion section behind the piston at the far end of the pump tube .	sequence
- Bob " BJ " Jones - lead guitar , vocals	vocals
If true , Valo would join Ted Williams , Mickey Vernon , and Early Wynn as the only four-decade players of the 1930s to the 1960s .	1930s
Han and Leia question UnuThul about the suspicions that the Galactic Alliance has of the Killiks hiding pirates and smugglers in the Utegetu Nebula .	question
In the 2001 – 02 season , Maribor were drawn against the Scottish side Rangers .	drawn
During the procedure , Crutchfield led each participant to believe that he or she would give their judgement responses last .	believe
At 17 years and 292 days , he was then the youngest cricketer to play for Bombay .	youngest
A pilot project was rolled out in Kibra Slums of Nairobi County the same year .	pilot
Both engine and passenger compartment were moved forward , giving better balance and ride .	passenger
Eleven days later , the number had increased to 100,000 unique visitors .	visitors
However more recent research has shown that this analysis of Origen 's views is uncertain .	views
He is known as a creative mixologist , developing new drinks .	developing
In medieval times , salt works were an important source of local income at Soden .	medieval
The infant class has pupils from Reception to Year Two , and the junior class from Years Three to Six .	junior
" Medusa 's Path " was inspired by " [ Damian ] Taylor 's parents ' " trip to Iran .	trip
He has been interviewed on several talk shows including the " Phil Donahue Show " and " The Oprah Winfrey Show " .	talk
The postal service operated by the Mandatory authorities was reputed to be the best in the Middle East .	authorities
She authored the best-selling book PMP ® Exam Prep , as well as over a dozen self-study resources .	resources
It has been channelized in a concrete channel for part of its length and is the main source of flooding in Spring Brook Township , Lackawanna County .	concrete
Along the way , he realizes that sometimes in life , one must make compromises so as to avoid hurting others .	avoid
Early settlers in parts of the Cape used to hang " Roridula " branches from the ceiling to catch flies .	branches
Allotment set in motion a number of circumstances :	motion
She is also a photographer with works on display with the Art of the Olympians .	display
It came under the authority of the New Zealand Lotteries Commission when the Commission was established in 1987 to run the new lottery .	authority
The JSA officially registered as a under Japanese law on April 1 , 2011 .	registered
In 1871 he was chosen professor of botany at Graz , a position which he maintained until the close of his life .	maintained
As of 2005 , it is implementing a measure to make registry optional .	measure
However , it won 't be so easy when Haruka is already surrounded by potential idols and composers .	surrounded
His body was discovered behind the counter of the restaurant with his skull fractured in 12 places .	restaurant
Brooding ( incubating eggs by sitting on them ) is common among birds .	birds
Those with postcoital bleeding had a higher risk of cervical dysplasia and cervical cancer .	risk
Sheffield Hallam University 's history goes back to 1843 with the establishment of the Sheffield School of Design .	establishment
Buster Keaton Rides Again is a 55-minute 1965 documentary film directed by John Spotton and narrated by Michael Kane .	documentary
After retiring for civil and sport activities , Mr. Kouyaté joined the Malian Association for Unity and the Progress of Islam ( AMUPI ) in 1980 .	sport
He is married to Mandana Alebhouyeh and together they have two daughters , Bibinaz ( b.1980 ) and Golnaz ( b.1990 ) .	daughters
Ersan has successfully completed the Instrumental Conducting Course Masterclass run by Prof. Peter Stark from the Royal College of Music in July 2014 .	successfully
Dominici burst onto the international scene in 1998 with a try-scoring debut against England .	onto
Local newspapers include the " Gorey Guardian " and " Gorey Echo " .	newspapers
Israel Kasnett , editor for the " Jerusalem Post " , argued that Geller is right in her description of violent jihad .	argued
Avilés , then a colonel , was sent with a Spanish force to the defense of Cusco .	defense
" Streptomyces morookaense " produces 8-azaguanine and blasticidin S .	produces
Job survived his wounds but was left permanently blind .	survived
Almost total anonymity is maintained as no other attributes are taken into consideration . "	maintained
It was filmed in Quincy , Massachusetts and Chatham , Massachusetts for Walt Disney Pictures .	filmed
In the same window , Valenzana also got keeper Aldo Simoncini from Cesena .	window
A number of Afghan schools throughout Pakistan educate thousands of Afghan refugee children .	thousands
They hurriedly put to sea a small fleet ( many of the crew were exhausted from the Azores cruise ) to pursue the Spanish .	fleet
In the beginning years , the competition was composed mainly of fraternity singing groups , serenading their sorority counterparts .	singing
On the east wall the five-light window depicts the Ascension .	window
The party was founded by Nenad Stevović , who was its leader from 2008 to 2014 , when he resigned .	resigned
The character animators studied real-life animals for reference , as was done for the 1942 Disney film " Bambi " .	reference
Osceola County has five electoral districts each represented by a commissioner .	electoral
He is a graduate of University of Wrocław ( Germanic Philology ) .	graduate
The sound quality is less erratic than on the original edition , and 6 extra tracks are added as follows :	extra
A few years later the Order sponsored the creation of Eagle Hall at the Range for Boys at Sentinel Butte , North Dakota .	creation
In the song , Mercury hits an E twice .	hits
All of the cracking reactions take place in the catalyst riser within a period of 2 – 4 seconds .	seconds
Notable Norman language authors connected especially with Lower Normandy include Alfred Rossel , Louis Beuve , and Côtis-Capel .	authors
The A71 autoroute runs through the middle of the commune ’ s territory .	commune
3 , the ship struck a rock and sank on 10 March 1953 .	struck
On January 20 , 2018 , the Tennessee Titans announced their decision to hire Houston Texans ' defensive coordinator Mike Vrabel as their new head coach .	defensive
Big Bang is the seventh album from Latin rock band Enanitos Verdes released on August 15 , 1994 .	seventh
However , anyway you look at it , 9 × 3 = 27 + 2 =	look
The next two parts differ considerably from the books in the ending .	ending
Located in the inner Newcastle suburb of Wickham , it is to the west of the former Wickham station .	suburb
The party stayed at 98th position among 122 parties which participated in the Constituent Assembly election 2013 .	stayed
It was named to commemorate the International Meteorological Organization , the predecessor organisation of the current World Meteorological Organization .	organisation
At 08 : 40 VC fire killed a Company K Marine and artillery strikes were called in resulting in 12 VC killed .	artillery
Hayward returned to India , again crossing the Himalaya with no supplies in the dead of winter .	crossing
In 1928 O 'Connell was picked for inter-provincial duty once again .	duty
Ní Riada is the daughter of composer Seán Ó Riada , who died when she was four .	composer
Villa and Arizmendi both saw matrimony and motherhood , an integral part of Latina identity , as making the experience of women " complete " .	identity
Senneçay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
On 8 April 1924 the 103d Aero Squadron was reconstituted and consolidated with the 94th Pursuit Squadron to maintain its history and lineage .	maintain
An air raid on 23 November 1940 damaged the buildings alongside platform one .	damaged
The Faculty of Mining consisting of :	consisting
By high school , he was playing as a jazz pianist sideman in Seattle , and was also the DJ in a local hiphop crew .	jazz
The newcomers , having paid for the right , feel they have commercial right to the home in that slum .	feel
The main research areas include decision neuroscience , neuroeconomics , neuromarketing , neuro-industrial engineering , and neuro-information systems .	engineering
The company has updated the Mars " 888 " Traffic Breaker with energy-efficient light-emitting diodes replacing the earlier halogen incandescent bulbs .	replacing
1927 - Passed his Law Examination and joint the District Bar .	joint
The tall Obikwelu perfectly timed his dip to clearly grab silver .	tall
Later , Ratner would use television to sell products directly to consumers in a manner similar to later telemarketers such as Ron Popeil .	sell
As a district , it is a part of the unitary authority of Northumberland .	authority
This album is named after the biggest hit record of the female pop formation : " You 're the Greatest Lover " .	biggest
These include Wukro Chirkos ( at the edge of Wukro town ) , Abreha we Atsbeha , and Minda 'e Mikael .	edge
Before 1882 he had never had any special opportunity of pursuing his study ; all his bibliographical work had been done in his spare moments .	opportunity
Furthermore , Weems rejects feminism 's characterization of the man as the enemy .	enemy
SAASM hardware is covered with an anti-tampering coating , to deter analysis of their internal operation .	internal
In his time at the " Doonhamers " Mallan scored 94 goals and is the eighth highest goalscorer in the club 's history .	eighth
The falls drops about .	falls
The increase in misorientation increases the mobility of the boundary and so the rate of growth of the sub-grain increases .	boundary
Surprisingly , the optimal policy is easy to describe : at each stage look into the location which maximizes	look
The lyrics first appeared in the September issues of " Bongodorshon " and " Baul " simultaneously , in 1905 .	lyrics
Several early members of the genus Homo were possibly one evolving lineage .	possibly
Here , Duke Ferdinand of Genoa asked him to respect the terms of the armistice , but he refused and crossed the border back into Lombardy-Veneto .	respect
Shortly after , Nelson created and adapted several computer spatial programs intended for the use of both regional and site research .	adapted
The whole argument showed an increasing scepticism , and the argument about Abraham led to some controversy .	increasing
The minister said : “ The fire caused massive losses .	losses
Another notable change , the Revival round , a round where singers perform to reinstate them from the competition , did not return this season .	perform
The Council sets policies and provides leadership and direction to the profession .	policies
The claimant suffered from pain in her neck , right shoulder , and arms .	arms
Disruptive frequencies are filtered out and the signal is decoded back into its original data form .	signal
After building a small brigantine , the surrounding islands of Malaita , Guadalcanal , Makira ( which was named San Cristobal ) and Choiseul Island were explored .	islands
He was also damaged by reports that he and other MLAs were preparing to start a new party if Willis was re-elected .	damaged
Since that time , contract scholarship has increasingly adopted economic perspectives .	increasingly
Agriculture is the mainstay of the economy in the woreda .	economy
" Time " magazine included Ren Zhengfei in its list of 100 most influential people of 2005 .	influential
Once they had arrived in Egypt , they were equipped with 18 Gloster Gladiators .	equipped
West Pasco includes retirement areas , commercial fishing , and suburbs of Tampa .	fishing
The Unionists — most of whose leaders owned slaves — felt betrayed by the abolitionist position of the Republican Party .	felt
Sacrifice includes the practice of offering the lives of animals or people to the gods , as an act of propitiation or worship .	offering
The victory gave the Romans only temporary relief from Vandal raids .	temporary
The main shipping routes of the line were : Britain to India , Australia , Kenya , Tanganyika .	routes
In June 2008 , the experiment was repeated in order to further assess the chemistry of the element using the isotope .	element
Van der Sloot also alleged that his father paid off two police officers who had learned that Holloway was taken to Venezuela .	learned
Chianan Irrigation ( ) , also known as the Kanan Irrigation System , was built for promoting the agricultural productions of Chianan Plain of Taiwan .	agricultural
Rivet 's theory asserts that Asia was the origin of the Indigenous people of the Americas .	origin
Consistent with that recognition , Bishop Jean-Michel di Falco has supported the beatification of Benoîte Rencurel .	recognition
He then went on to Pepperdine University ( studying sociology ) , where he gained national exposure .	studying
The following year , Rice entered into a partnership with Richard " Dick " Woosey .	partnership
Undeterred , she took the next opportunity , and Ashlee 's drunken adventures with Jonathan , to go after him again .	opportunity
identifies seven key events : 1. introduction with the forging of the sword , Tyrfingr ; 2 .	introduction
Her theater credits include " Chicago " , " Kiss Me , Kate " , " Crimes of the Heart " and " Verona Wall " .	theater
Vulnerability is mainly caused by habitat loss or destruction of the species home .	habitat
The game was surrounded by controversy as the Warlords launched a protest with the Ontario Lacrosse Association over the use of an illegal player .	surrounded
The pair returned with their Sunday afternoon show " Bloody Sunday " to do relief shifts in mid-2006 and summer 2006 – 07 .	pair
The goal of this approach is to identify genetic variants that alter protein sequences , and to do this at a much lower cost than whole-genome sequencing .	protein
The original printed Yiddish format continued at least until 1970 .	printed
The last surviving descendant of Abraham Case died at Milborne St. Andrew in 1908 .	surviving
She tucked pieces of silk into the bodice of the dress to cover the beading .	pieces
In April 1993 independence was achieved and the new state joined the United Nations .	independence
By that time , Fein and Scheuber had purchased a boat and began to go boating in the California Delta region .	boat
musacearum " bacteria has been isolated from the ooze and nectar excreted from openings of fallen male flowers .	flowers
The main initial settlement in the Kipling area had taken place in the 1890s and the first two decades of the twentieth century .	decades
Asashōryū 's performance in January was a surprisingly poor 11 – 4 but he successfully rebounded by winning the March tournament .	successfully
However they could only spend two seasons in the higher division before being relegated back to the bottom division of the league .	bottom
ISERN holds annual meetings in conjunction with the International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering and Measurement ( ESEM ) conference .	meetings
On 30 March , " Wesson " proceeded on orders west of Zampa Misaki and destroyed four mines by gunfire en route .	orders
In the election of 1858 , Stephen Henry Phillips was elected to replace Clifford .	replace
Roloff has written several papers , given numerous lectures , and has two published works .	papers
Nulka is an Australian designed and developed active missile decoy built by an American / Australian collaboration .	collaboration
70 to 80 % of autoerotic deaths are caused by hanging , while 10 to 30 % are attributed to plastic bags or chemical use .	chemical
A stone with a coat of arms was found on the wall of a house .	arms
He starts the conversation by asking if his boss , Mr. Hawkins , had paid her for the work he had accomplished on the plantation .	starts
It was taken over by Henry Seddon before 1905 and worked until closed by subsidence in the 1920s .	1920s
Ultimately , this ruling would allow the States freedom to decide when to grant the indigent defender legal counsel .	freedom
This is said to help stimulate the type of thinking the child would otherwise not be comfortable with .	otherwise
It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , and is an official journal of the American College of Sports Medicine .	journal
Angel notes the strong bond that 's developed between Wesley and Gunn .	notes
Paraliostola durantoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
He would continue as a member of the Ravens for the next three seasons only receiving limited playing time during the preseason .	receiving
The album 's theme dealt very closely with the first two in Amos 's series of three miscarriages between 1996 and 1999 .	closely
In 1987 , as the improvement plan generated success , the business opened their strict policy of cash-and-carry to options of using credit .	credit
" Kevin was on a high , motivated and enthusiastic about the trip " .	trip
The International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) formally named the area Hesperia Planum in 1973 .	formally
In a microservices architecture , services are fine-grained and the protocols are lightweight .	architecture
St Ursula 's has a specialism in Humanities and has additional resources for the specialism .	resources
Dongri to Dubai : Six Decades of the Mumbai Mafia is a book by former investigative journalist Hussain Zaidi .	journalist
It is one of only two species of mantis shrimp found in waters around the British Isles ( the other being " Rissoides desmaresti " ) .	waters
He led the league with 54 field goals from 60 attempts and also led the league in points with 198 .	attempts
He was named one of twenty “ Advertising Legends and Leaders ” by AdWeek Magazine in 1998 .	twenty
They were all thrown by Catholic 's quarterback Pete Sachon , who had 15 attempts and three completions .	attempts
With only six drivers at Southern National Raceway Park the PASS organisation decided to cancel the series with one round at Greenville-Pickens Speedway remaining .	organisation
" Berlin glass amphora from Olbia	glass
Alliance Air , an Air India subsidiary , flies from Mumbai , landing at Diu Airport .	landing
An official lyric video for the song premiered on Youtube and VEVO on the same day the track was released .	premiered
As alarms sound , he comes out of his euphoric state , but not in time to avoid a collision .	avoid
The blog gained thousands of readers in 2006 , when Geller reprinted the controversial cartoons of Muhammad originally published in the Jyllands-Posten .	thousands
The processions also involved many factions of society taking part and in effect , helped create a sense of unity or community .	sense
The Coimbatore BRTS is a proposed bus rapid transit system for the city of Coimbatore under the JNNURM scheme .	scheme
Some dairies routinely watered down milk to increase profits , then added other cheap ingredients so the milk could pass a protein test .	protein
Rancocas State Park is a protected area designated as a state park located in Westampton Township , Burlington County , New Jersey in the United States .	protected
As a painter , he is best known for his depictions of people , especially portraits of women .	painter
" Military bands of the Bundeswehr	bands
For stage purposes , the embrace is often very open , and the complex footwork is augmented with gymnastic lifts , kicks , and drops .	purposes
Visually based on cruise ship members , the five " Bon Voyage " cover sleeves feature different images all photographed by Kazuyoshi Shimomura .	images
The bracket of the knockout stage was determined as follows :	determined
In January 1997 , the recordings was finally finished .	recordings
The fact that slavery is alleged to still exist is a major human rights issue .	exist
The pilot episode of the series was released on August 14 , 2014 in Televen , before the premiere of the telenovela " Avenida Brasil " .	pilot
The .15 engines use a wrist pin so a socket reset tool is not required for these .	engines
Character generation was similar to White Wolf 's other games ( Vampire , Werewolf , Mage , etc . ) .	generation
This changeover is shrouded in mystery and is mentioned only in passing in the Georgian chronicles .	passing
This new building , now called " The Barn " , is still in existence today .	existence
This is achieved by keeping tutor groups together for non-core subjects in the first two years .	subjects
The primary purpose of the dam is to divert water into a tunnel which feeds the run-of-the-river Tiloth Power Plant .	purpose
Fabrication began offsite in the second quarter of 2008 , and erection in Fall , 2008 .	quarter
The view of the lake from the steep slopes along the edge is scenic .	edge
He helped smuggle arms to the part of Palestine which later became known as Israel during his time as a member of Irgun .	arms
Mitre recorded his first career save on August 19 , 2010 , pitching the last 3 innings of a Yankees 11-5 win over the Detroit Tigers .	save
After winning national championship in 2006 got Elfsborg for the first time participate in the UEFA Champions League .	participate
Though relatively small in size , Armenia has four UNESCO world heritage sites .	heritage
a bacterium or a virus ) , it was aided by outside factors .	factors
Like all of the original nuclear subs , the project manager at Electric Boat was the general manager of the company , Bill Jones .	nuclear
This usage includes women temporarily attempting to pass as men and women who wish to present themselves in a masculine gender role without identifying as a man .	gender
Audiologic Tinnitus Management ( ATM ) is a clinical protocol for management of tinnitus involving counselling and sound therapy including tinnitus maskers .	involving
The country is largely dependent on agriculture for employment , accounting for about half of the employed workforce .	agriculture
There is no reason to expect our intuition to be valid for microscopic phenomena . "	reason
The QIC-40 and QIC-80 were designed to use the same floppy disk controller as a standard floppy drive , with MFM or RLL encoding .	drive
These gates will be spaced farther apart , and two gates will be equipped with dual jetbridges in order to accommodate additional flights operated by larger aircraft .	equipped
Canadian army , navy and air force units were dispatched to and continued to operate in and around Iceland throughout the war .	operate
List of weapons used by the Provisional Irish Republican Army during The Troubles ( 1969-1997 ) .	weapons
Alex Hall ( born August 17 , 1985 ) is a professional Canadian football defensive end who is currently a free agent .	defensive
The atolls of Tokelau provide habitat for 38 indigenous plant species , over 150 insect species and 10 land crab species .	habitat
The recordings took several months .	recordings
He also had 4 kick returns for 97 yards , including a 41-yarder .	returns
Most of these finds are associated with the medieval Sultanate of Adal .	medieval
Buse was accorded a benefit match by Somerset in his final first-class season , 1953 , and picked the three-day County Championship game against Lancashire at Bath .	first-class
It was completed three years after , in 1895 , with the installation of galvanized iron roofing , new altarpieces and a new pulpit .	iron
There were 96,477 rounds played in 2009 – 10 .	rounds
After his playing career , Culler founded and operated the Autographed Baseball Company , which still exists in High Point today .	exists
Tantawi commanded an infantry battalion under the 16th Infantry Brigade .	16th
The optimum horn yields maximum gain for a given horn " length " .	gain
Motherwell had finished second bottom of Division One in the previous season , just above relegated Queens Park .	bottom
The Capital Institute describes the concept of sustainable capitalism as an oxymoron .	describes
The population of Mill Hill swelled rapidly , enhanced by immigration .	rapidly
Before the professional game became dominant , the event was regarded as one of the majors .	regarded
A small number of students enter from schools abroad .	enter
Elmer Bolton , the Director of Research at DuPont , used this basic research during the development of neoprene .	basic
There are also intrauterine devices ( IUD ) : There are copper IUD or hormonal IUD .	devices
With the passage of time the nearby area filled up with the reservoir water , turning the hilltop into an island .	filled
It was during the time the timber trackway was built that the local environment began to change .	environment
The Nacionalistas had Osmeña and Senator Eulogio Rodriguez as their candidates for president and vice president , respectively .	candidates
Spring Brook joins the Lackawanna River upriver of its mouth .	mouth
British Columbia is attempting to reverse their decline by culling the province 's abundant wolves .	decline
The ruling has been criticized for its intrusion into state affairs and its basis in previous rulings .	criticized
Hale was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the fourth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
Soils : Mainly two type of soil found -Red Soil and Sand loam .	soil
Corneal dystrophies may have a simple autosomal dominant , autosomal recessive or rarely X-linked recessive Mendelian mode of inheritance :	simple
In the following six decades , several other descriptions were published , such as by Leonard Plukenet , James Petiver , John Ray and Herman Boerhaave .	decades
It is set against the backdrop of a workers ' strike in 1955 Nantes .	strike
New Chardon Street is a street in downtown Boston , Massachusetts , United States , north of Government Center .	downtown
The 2015 sequel , Singapore Salvation , illustrates the reality of life as an American expatriate in Asia .	reality
In chapter 35 of the " Prose Edda " book " Gylfaginning " , High provides brief descriptions of 16 ásynjur .	brief
During this time he played for amateur team Hollywood United , alongside celebrity team-mates such as Vinnie Jones , Steve Jones and Anthony LaPaglia .	amateur
She referred to it as the first penthouse in Baltimore and it had a garden and rooftop terrace .	garden
Refugees from Iraq have increased in number since the US-led invasion into Iraq in March 2003 .	invasion
The primary river valley through the park is the Urukh River , fed by the Karaugom Glacier and numerous glacial tributaries .	valley
The people 's committees were given the authority to execute the land redistribution , under the oversight of North Korean party cadres .	authority
Together they developed therapeutic community initiatives which laid the foundations for significant advances in psychiatric nursing .	laid
" Quest " was in length , had a beam of , and depth of hold .	depth
As the mountain is very high and remote , a long approach is required but the ascent is easy and does not require any specific climbing skill .	require
The city of Ellendale has several places of interest to visitors .	visitors
Began Barbarossa with the 12th Rifle Corps , Transbaikal Military District .	12th
It was up to the host computer to delay further data to avoid it being lost during these periods .	avoid
Slow jams for beginners provide an entry point .	entry
They did not sell well , and many of each denomination were returned for melting .	sell
Users could not only tilt to scroll , but also tilt to select menu items .	items
These four lakes , Incegöl , Karagöl , Efendigilin Gölü and Nazlıgilin Gölü , contain large quantities of trout .	contain
Gerry Forsythe left Forsythe / Green Racing to form the other new full-time team to the grid , Forsythe Racing , which signed Teo Fabi .	full-time
The power plant is a coal based power plants of Mahagenco .	coal
but is best known for his role as Kevin Palmer in the television soap opera	opera
Upon seeing John 's chauvinistic behavior , Kate snaps out of it and recommits to the plan .	behavior
Surprising and singing along with them was just the icing on the cake .	singing
In 1844 , the Methodists built a new brick church at 736 Greene St .	brick
Helped Richard to save his frends and her mother from the Third Kingdom .	save
Merewether Carlton Rugby Club , also known as The Greens or The Slime is a rugby union club based in the Newcastle , NSW region of Australia .	rugby
Marine Corps Gazette is a professional journal for U.S. Marines founded in 1916 at Marine Corps Base Quantico for members of the United States Marine Corps .	journal
As a good portion of counselors have disabilities themselves , the counseling process often emphasizes self-advocacy skills .	skills
Suncoast Credit Union , a Tampa-based credit union with roots in serving educators , paid $ 5 million for the arena 's naming rights .	credit
Many solvents are volatile and can easily be evaporated using rotary evaporation .	easily
Angelus continues to be difficult , raising issues of Wesley 's failure with Faith and Connor .	failure
Its uppermost strata may be Early Ordovician in age , and contain conodonts , trilobites and phosphatic moulds of brachiopods , ostrocoderm fish and gastropods .	contain
This allows students to access their documents from every computer in the school .	documents
The retail environment changed here and across the country .	environment
Dorset buttons are characteristically made by repeatedly binding yarn over a disc or ring former .	ring
Some of these have been loaned to the Watts Gallery in recent years , and are on display there .	display
However , a few , such as the Portland Streetcar , use modern vehicles .	vehicles
The Inspector of the Air Force ( ) is the commander of the Air Force of the modern-day German Armed Forces , the Bundeswehr .	commander
Dacians marched into the battle accompanied by the howl of wolf-headed trumpets and following their sinister multicolored dragon-head standard .	accompanied
However , Zimmern commented that " objections may be raised to it on the score of technique , but its cleverness is indisputable .	technique
Phantom relationships , in which hybrids of animals and humans communicate through fragments of conversations , often sound like clips from forgotten films or television shows .	humans
Caroline Corcoran from the " Daily Mirror " liked the character and felt sympathy for him when Michelle reconciled with Steve .	felt
Adita Riera and Eduardo Serrano starred as the main protagonists .	starred
AAC-LD can also process stereo signals by using the advanced stereo coding tools of AAC .	tools
In December 1992 , British Prime Minister John Major announced the couple 's formal separation in Parliament .	formal
Rose then stood in the Rochester and Strood by-election .	stood
1778 ) was a French porcelain painter active from 1741 to 1777 .	painter
She was born in 1867 in Almeria to a middle-class family , in which her father owned a gold mine .	mine
Application programmers may use the notifier for their own purposes via the Desktop Communication Service .	purposes
She reportedly served at the Normandy invasion in June 1944 .	invasion
Pressing the reveal button then uncovered an image that many have likened to a recently ejaculated penis .	image
Bauang has a treasure : Research Reef ( a dive spot for local and foreign scuba divers ) .	spot
The chapel 's bell now hangs at the Glenwood Mission Inn .	chapel
The " Bradley " had individual rooms for the captain , chief mates , chief steward , and engine room officers .	rooms
However , permanent emigration is a relatively new phenomenon .	permanent
Within the framework , active objects may make requests of asynchronous services ( e.g .	objects
As of late 2018 this remains the highest first-class score made in Ireland .	first-class
The firm works closely with Keito Events , which is managed by former Michels Warren employee , Kate Abrahams .	closely
Schottenheimer is the only head coach in NFL history with at least 200 wins to have a losing playoff record .	wins
Bombers from the aircraft carrier soon inflicted severe damage , with two heavy bombs hitting the bow and the stern .	severe
At that date the ruins of houses constructed of salt bricks were still clearly visible .	visible
The public primary schools combine French with Ewe or Kabye as languages of instruction , depending on the region .	depending
A spectacular jungle trail winds its way up the waterfall crossing it several times .	crossing
After the presentation Humphries and Turner were pleasantly surprised to see that the group voted almost unanimously for the resolution .	voted
At Birmingham , the two highways pass through downtown together before splitting at Exit 130 just east of the Birmingham airport .	downtown
The Red Terror is a weapon used against a class that , despite being doomed to destruction , does not want to perish " .	want
Reid was born in Paisley , Renfrewshire , Scotland , the son of John Reid , a welder , and Betty , a shop worker .	shop
The Icelandic " Herrauðssaga " speaks of King Hring who ruled East Götaland and was son of Gauti son of Odin .	ruled
Melbourne can sometimes have moderate to severe drought conditions from late fall through spring , with brush fires occurring and water restrictions put in place .	severe
Very similar to the Japanese City Pro-T cargo model , the Australian model was allowed to carry while the Japanese version was only classed for .	carry
Callum pushes Bailey , who trips and hits his head , before falling into the pool .	hits
The band received much publicity for its energetic politically charged performances during the tour .	charged
Subtract the moving average , from ( n / 2 + 1 ) days ago , from the closing price :	price
defensive backs coach DeWayne Walker for the Senior Bowl .	defensive
She and her team mates were later killed by Eclipso , who would later possesses her cousin Alex .	cousin
Utamish also excluded the influential officers Bugha al-Sharabi and Wasif al-Turki from power , and the two retaliated by plotting his downfall .	influential
Therefore the approach for choosing technologies is quite different .	quite
They are usually four lines long with a rhyme scheme of " AAAA " or " AABB " .	scheme
Most people wanted to own their own homes , and this policy helped National win the election .	homes
No foreign influences pollute what is a fiercely nationalistic image .	image
Women who failed to achieve orgasm through penetrative , heterosexual intercourse were therefore labeled as dysfunctional or frigid by the professional community .	achieve
The existing route is a regional road with two traffic lanes .	existing
It means that you 've one " ContractHolder " object for each association between a Contract and a Person .	object
The NWDR announced plans to begin a regular television service from Hamburg starting with Christmas 1952 .	begin
When the Muslims defeated the Pagans , some returned to Arabia , but many decided to stay there and established Muslim communities along the Somali coastline .	stay
Commissioned as a second lieutenant on the battlefield , he was awarded the Bronze Star and Silver Star medals for bravery .	medals
" Pitchfork " gave the compilation a 6.2 out of 10 saying " Fumbled legacy-building though it is , Dreamers is not without its bright spots .	compilation
Seven police officers were injured in the midst of the disturbance .	injured
Blow compared this moment to a spoiler for a movie , and thus avoided disclosure of the mechanic or other aspects of the game .	aspects
Over the years , the SMSW race has attracted both high profile and local sponsors from both the Cycling and Non-Cycling World .	attracted
On 24 August , " Tonight " debuted at number 9 in the UK .	debuted
Robert Neer began researching parathyroid hormone injections as means to prevent osteoperosis after menopause .	prevent
Leaflets and publications were issued in Yiddish .	publications
The sale was completed on July 1 .	sale
Participants can enter in one of seven subject groups :	enter
They flap their wings repeatedly : sometimes one at a time , sometimes together .	wings
The provisions do not apply to the " secondary market , " that is second hand guns sold or gifted by a private party .	guns
This reducing of the length of the work day will reduce the surplus labor and surplus value dropping it below its value .	reduce
To do so , we could compute formula _ 123 in order of increasing formula _ 13 , which would take formula _ 125 time .	increasing
On January 14 , 2010 , Devine announced his intention to forgo the NFL draft and returned for his senior season with the Mountaineers .	draft
Eight drivers won races during the season , with no driver winning more than two races .	driver
Roberto F. Canuto and Xu Xiaoxi 's trilogy of short films filmed in Sichuan and using the local language of Sichuan , Sichuanese Mandarin .	filmed
In December 2008 , Transport Scotland announced that the tender competition will begin in spring 2009 , meaning GARL would have been operational in early 2013 .	begin
She grabs her knife and threatens to cripple him to stop his wandering ways .	ways
Sitton was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 4th round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
The alleged victim ’ s former psychiatrist gave evidence for the hearing , these details were suppressed by Cloran .	details
The objective is currently by far the least important in pure financial terms , accounting for only 2.5 % of the EU 's regional policy budget .	budget
Members of the symphonic band have also appeared at televised " It 's Academic " competitions to show support for Glenelg 's team .	competitions
Marchpane had originally been with the dolls ' house but was sent away for cleaning prior to being in an exhibition .	exhibition
In February 2012 , she was named to a short list of 24 eligible players to represent Australia at the Olympics .	represent
Elevations vary from a minimum of 72m above mean sea level to 122m at Wash Common .	mean
The Florida Gators is the varsity team of the University of Florida , competing in the Southeastern Conference of the National Collegiate Athletic Association since 1933 .	competing
A parallel of a curve is the	parallel
ICTVTR was formally inaugurated by Hossain Mohammad Ershad , the president of Bangladesh on 14 July 1988 .	formally
To the south is Bear Creek , which joins the Wabash on the western edge of town , and the wooded Portland Arch Nature Preserve .	edge
He returned to Wilmington in 1817 in spite of concerns about his health .	concerns
They also wrote for Melodifestivalen entries on three occasions .	occasions
Santranges is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
The two surfer 's tents mentioned were Gringo Jack and James , who later built the first cement beach house near the cliffs .	beach
In addition to poor living conditions , low vaccination rates cause excess cases of disease in slums as well .	rates
In March and April 2015 , the group embarked on an anniversary tour to celebrate 15 years of being a band .	anniversary
Flowers 8 mm in diameter on short stalks .	diameter
The fourth grade is tested in reading , math and science .	reading
Each character is depicted with a varying hairstyle and flavor of fashion .	fashion
Because the slowness or fastness are determined by the complexity of these musical manifestations .	determined
Slade 's draught was approved on 26 August 1755 when the first two orders were transmitted to Deptford Dockyard .	orders
Since 1987 he is one of the editors of the Dutch publishing company Flanor .	publishing
Their growth rates are variable and may depend on the availability of food .	rates
Gold and silver bullion were stored at the " Conservatoria " , located opposite the Casa del Commun Tesoro .	opposite
Akamas ( Greek : , ) , is a promontory and cape at the northwest extremity of Cyprus with an area of 230 square kilometres .	northwest
Like most pop singers , she is fodder for the tabloids and has even dated Oh Boyz !	dated
She was capable of .	capable
1982 was a parish priest in the Cathedral " Assumption " in Sofia .	priest
In 1990 , he moved to the youth squad of FC Schalke 04 .	squad
An early implementation of such behavior was in the " Star7 " PDA of Sun Microsystems ca .	behavior
This educational paradigm was popularized through the writing and teaching of Oliver and Rachel DeMille , co-authors of the TJEd resource materials .	educational
To complete his knowledge of music Nessler went to Leipzig to study with Moritz Hauptmann .	knowledge
By 2010 , the district 's population declined to 6,797 people .	declined
Cordelia finds Fred sobbing in the elevator and finds out about " Angel " ' s actions .	actions
A 99-second short focusing on the titular character 's New Year 's resolutions was released on Netflix ahead of the series premiere .	ahead
Steel-string acoustic guitarist Leo Kottke included his rendition of the song on his 1974 album , " Ice Water " .	guitarist
This difference of opinion led to the fall of Pitt 's government .	difference
Olivia asks about this other child , and remarks that she looks like Emma .	asks
The Wisconsin Blue Book is a biennial publication of the Wisconsin 's Legislative Reference Bureau .	publication
Halsted also performed one of the first blood transfusions in the United States .	blood
On 2 July 2014 he was signed by fellow Abruzzese club Pescara , from L 'Aquila on a free transfer .	transfer
Kilnamona provided the opposition , however , Lynch ended up on the losing side on that occasion .	opposition
The video concept consisted of heavy visual effects illustrating the band playing in different 1950 's newspaper ads .	visual
Car ferries began crossing the bay to reach North Stradbroke Island in 1947 , leading to an increase in tourism on the island .	crossing
By 1995 , Oliphant had reduced the frequency of his daily cartoons to four days a week .	frequency
In September 2001 , performed it again during her Let 's Get Loud concerts in Puerto Rico , which were her first full shows .	concerts
After the opening up of the district , Mangan has witnessed a spurt in its economy , mostly due to organic farming .	economy
The piercing may actually correct the overly taut connective tissue to allow the nipple to become detached from underlying connective tissue and resume a more typical appearance .	typical
In the first episode of " North Square " the barristers start singing the song in the robing room after a hearing .	singing
ShareOffice : An on-demand intranet / extranet solution .	solution
The statutory period for abortion is fixed to 12 weeks and not only 10 .	fixed
Two matrices must have an equal number of rows and columns to be added .	equal
The contestant can say the gender , age and the town of the person which shall be called .	gender
There was nothing else to do with it .	nothing
Gen. Bushrod Johnson 's brigades from the depot and cut the railroad at Port Walthall Junction .	railroad
He earned four additional letters in basketball and three in track and field .	letters
Reluctantly we complied , but the sponsorship was not enough to save the game and , although completed , it was never marketed . "	save
On 7 February 2008 , Basham joined League Two side Rochdale on loan until the end of the 2007 – 08 season .	loan
St. Mary 's Paper operated a supercalendar grade paper mill with three paper machines , with a total annual capacity of 240,000 tons .	mill
In 2008 – 2013 , the Master made 2,922 to 4,763 orders per annum , and issued between one and four rulings .	orders
Another twenty-two small vessels were purchased in 1804 , though only four were expended in this role .	vessels
Its main coverage area is the inner north eastern suburbs of Melbourne .	coverage
In Strabane , nationalists hijacked and burnt 13 vehicles .	vehicles
Badab Soort 's springs are two distinct mineral springs with different natural characteristics , located at above sea level .	distinct
By withholding the tribute which Irene had agreed to pay to the caliph Hārūn al-Rashīd , Nikephoros committed himself to a war against the Arabs .	committed
Carlo Cordellina Molin was a well known Venetian architect himself , and inherited from his uncle Molin a farm house at the site around 1735 .	architect
The hindwings beneath are suffused yellow ochreous towards the costa .	yellow
At 6 : 30am on 27 August Joffre sent Lanrezac an urgent message reminding him of his promise to counterattack .	message
On 15 August , Joyce signed a deal with powerful American advisor Al Haymon .	powerful
The music video , directed by Tim Pope and edited by Peter Goddard , won British Video of the Year at the 1990 Brit Awards .	edited
The club 's training ground is called the Skënder Halili Complex and it is located off Rruga e Kavajës , near the Birra Tirana factory .	factory
Ibn Kathir and al-Waqidi report that Huyayy tore into pieces the agreement between Ka 'b and Muhammad .	pieces
But nothing can conquer nonviolence .	nothing
In the suit of clubs and swords , the ranking from highest to lowest is King , Knight , Jack , 9 ...	ranking
These funds provided a significant boost to the centre and funded developments to increase the floor space of the centre and the visitor experience .	funds
They transport it into a music competition disguised as a musical instrument .	transport
In December 1885 , Queensland 's Colonial Architect , John James Clark , resigned and was replaced by George Connolly , who held that position until 1891 .	resigned
Rafe pushes Alison away as Livvie shot the gun , and is fatally wounded .	wounded
Some of the ruined churches include the following :	churches
Along with professional programmes such as MBA and MCA , all postgraduate courses in the Faculty of Science have a semester system .	courses
Aviation communication is the means by which aircraft crews connect with other aircraft and people on the ground to relay information .	communication
It is now owned by Cadw and managed as a tourist attraction , and is protected as a grade I listed building .	protected
The piece was generally well-received at its early performances .	piece
Later , they discovered an ancient metallurgical plant from the 6th century BC located at an antiquity copper mine .	mine
After their graduation , Ciena was assigned to Darth Vader 's Star Destroyer , while Thane was assigned to the Death Star as TIE pilot .	pilot
The sculptured works form an integral part of the Great Court Complex and represent an immense undertaking in stone .	represent
We 're out there to make quality entertainment . "	entertainment
The show 's success was celebrated with a primetime marathon in February 2015 .	celebrated
For sufficiently strong JT coupling , the minimum points are sufficiently far ( at least by a few vibrational energy quanta ) below the JT intersection .	intersection
The film 's soundtrack was produced by DJ Premier .	soundtrack
As Bailey sinks to the bottom of the pool , Rani manages to snap Callum into action and he pulls Bailey out .	bottom
The regulations permitted the equivalent imperial unit to be displayed alongside the metric unit as a " supplementary indicator " .	equivalent
In December , Dode was promoted to colonel and attached as head of the engineers to Marshal Lefebvre 's Corps .	attached
He retired from formal activities in late-2000s due to his old age and health issues .	formal
Since 1882 he had written for the newspaper " Oplandenes Avis " in Hamar , which he also edited in the summers of 1882 and 1885 .	edited
For example , the Youth Alliance members were assigned to various sections .	sections
The man had a key but the police were unable to identify the lock which it opened .	unable
The 11th District was traditionally one of the most competitive congressional districts in North Carolina .	11th
Prior to gaining its own sub-appellation , this region was responsible for nearly three-quarters of the wine labeled as basic Muscadet AOC .	basic
The fascinating array of guest vocalists included Soweto Kinch , Annette Peacock , Ameri Baraka , and Saul Williams .	guest
The existing route is a regional road with two traffic lanes .	existing
She is then surrounded by flower petals .	surrounded
Another celebrated conductor , Anton Seidl , followed Thomas on the Philharmonic podium , serving until 1898 .	celebrated
Will Meisel ( 17 September 1897 – 29 April 1967 ) was a German composer , who wrote more than fifty film scores during his career .	composer
A tool designed for a 1000-page manual was too cumbersome and difficult for an average home user to type a one-page letter .	user
Much of the technology is an extension of the work done by IBM at its Tucson lab during the previous 20 years .	extension
It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period .	dating
By eating the combs , the moths can reduce the harm to insects of that region and provide a clean space for other organisms to inhabit .	reduce
Many industries , other than the petroleum refining industry , use vacuum distillation on a much a smaller scale .	scale
Panther Creek joins Spring Brook upstream of its mouth .	mouth
DART First State provides bus service to Delaware City along Route 25 , which heads north to Wilmington along US 13 .	heads
Therefore , our conclusion is that the order of parenthesis matters , and that our task is to find the optimal order of parenthesis .	task
The Corporation would be " a decentralized organization possessing disciplinary powers . "	powers
It isn ’ t necessary to go to the extreme of accusing the player of deliberate cheating .	necessary
In 877 , Ibrahim II 's deputy in Sicily , Jafar ibn Muhammad al-Tamini overran the Byzantine-held eastern part of the island .	deputy
Orchestras and musicians featured included the Frank Hodek Orchestra , Fats Waller and Gene Krupa .	musicians
; and other company owned goods .	goods
It featured a number of new designs for Waterproof Jackets , Wellies and All-in-One ’ s .	designs
I have always had Norfolk in view for this purpose .	purpose
At the time of census 2001 it had 770 inhabitants .	inhabitants
He participated in the men 's 94 kg event at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships , and at the 2016 Summer Olympics , finishing in tenth position .	finishing
During Operation Badr , al-Galaa and the Chinese Farm fell within the designated bridgehead of the 16th Infantry Division .	16th
He is a strong advocate for cost controls regarding military procurements .	regarding
Beckett also joined an elite list of dual player 's who had won All-Ireland medals in both football and hurling .	medals
and he made many recordings of historical interest .	recordings
The 600 members of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey will be elected by party-list proportional representation in 87 electoral districts , by the D 'Hondt method .	electoral
12 , showing how the neglect of exacting justice on offenders was a cause of God 's punishing a land .	showing
The museum 's first full-time curator was appointed the following year .	full-time
It is stated in the novel that if something were to happen to Blofeld , Largo would assume command .	something
In the very first NFL Championship , the Bears played against the New York Giants , defeating them 23 – 21 .	defeating
The Lamu Fort was declared a scheduled monument on 15 May 1984 .	scheduled
These novel behaviors are a core component of shaping procedures .	core
A new terminal building that could accommodate a larger number of passengers was inaugurated in 1995 ; the new Terminal 2 followed in 2002 .	passengers
The Primate Freedom Project is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) not-for-profit grassroots animal rights organization based in Atlanta , Georgia .	animal
This is probably because the author was a Christian scholar and wished to praise Snorri for popularizing Christianity and declaring it the official religion on Iceland .	religion
The design for this new tower was similar to the sandstone and glass buildings built in the early 2000s .	glass
One of the earliest mentions of a Christian hospice was the one placed at the pass itself , mentioned in 831 .	earliest
" Satisfactory and routine " communication between air traffic control and the aircraft was noted , and the cockpit voice recorder was recovered .	communication
The Maragoli speak Lulogooli and occupy Vihiga district .	speak
Wesley breaks into the room , insulting Fred as he advances toward her .	toward
Subgenus " Amerana " ( Pacific brown frogs )	brown
Each qualifying group can consist of up to 30 racers .	qualifying
With his skills in choreography and instruction , his troops soon became known for their parade ground precision and military drill .	skills
In 1901 Hally contested the Caversham by-election under a Labour banner .	contested
The Court 's decision in this case overturned the previous understanding of legal counsel set by the Court in " Betts v. Brady .	understanding
In 1996 , he was cast in an early internet soap opera , " CR6 " .	opera
He then raises the sexual intonation again by requesting a scene in which Lopez is taking a shower .	sexual
They were reinforced by 3,000 sailors under the orders of Admiral de Saint Julien , who refused to serve the British with his chief , Trogoff .	orders
My friend don 't think that I don 't love you " , she sings .	think
White developed a friendship with President Theodore Roosevelt in the 1890s that lasted until Roosevelt 's death in 1919 .	lasted
This is located approximately , by road , northwest of Nairobi , the capital and largest city in Kenya .	northwest
A second full-length collection of poetry , " Radio Nostalgia " , was published by Arc Publications in 2006 .	poetry
In 1996 he was entered into the Guinness Book of World Records for creating the world 's smallest book .	creating
Flowers are as tall as while the sepals are ovate and the apex is acute .	tall
Eve is found in the Genesis 3 expulsion from Eden narrative which is characterized as a parable or " wisdom tale " in the wisdom tradition .	tradition
She also stated she would like to perform alongside her in a film , particularly " a female version of " Twins " " .	perform
In 1990 the office was expanded and given interagency coordinating functions in the battle against narcotics .	functions
The building was demolished on 25 February 2016 and reopened to the public as open green space on 9 April 2016 .	demolished
Further expansions occurred when the inhabitants of another sugarcane field labourers locality called " Combo " were moved to Souillac .	inhabitants
The disaster in Russia was a fierce blow to the power and popularity of the dictator .	popularity
Sekhar falls in love with Saratha ( Rajasree ) , who is the only daughter of wealthy banker , Ranganathan ( V. S. Raghavan ) .	falls
Population : 13,312 ( 2002 Census ) ; The population of Shimsk accounts for 33.1 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
From 1951 to 1955 he served as priest to the parish of Rayfoun .	priest
To the northeast it adjoins the Cunhã-Sapucaia Indigenous Territory and the Matupiri Sustainable Development Reserve .	northeast
Throughout the late 1970s and early 1980s Walker worked as a reporter and photographer at small papers in Minnesota and Iowa .	papers
At most one gold value card may be played by each play on each player 's turn .	card
Blepharoplasty is a cosmetic surgical procedure performed to correct deformities and improve or modify the appearance of the eyelids .	improve
" Warhammer Quest " and its expansions / articles were authored , illustrated or produced in whole , or in part , by the following :	articles
The following year , Judd started presenting the weekend weather for " Seven News " in Perth .	weather
As a steel ship , skippers could push her hard without fear of busting the caulking , but the ironpots were built for steady not spectacular progress .	steel
The deal did not include the publication of the last four books ( 29-32 ) .	publication
As an MP , McGee was a strong opponent of capital punishment , and in 1960 he introduced a private members bill to abolish the practice .	bill
The total number of crimes committed in the same year by Japanese was 546,934 cases .	committed
It is produced and patented by Volvo Cars and was first available on late-2005 vehicles .	vehicles
It cares for approximately 4,000 inpatients and conducts 78,000 outpatient visits annually .	annually
Babe Bee type engine with " postage stamp " type Delrin backplate and brass needle valve instead of the integral Babe Bee fuel tank .	fuel
The Tiriki speak Ludiliji and occupy Tiriki in Vihiga district .	speak
In 2010 , Mary Jane Veloso , an overseas Filipino domestic worker , was arrested and convicted in Indonesia for attempting to smuggle 5.7lb of heroin .	domestic
Before qualifications , Walker Racing 's Robby Gordon had a hard practice accident , forcing the Valvoline crew to withdraw .	accident
The ad was criticized on the air for its lack of information about the case .	criticized
Circular LED taillights with floating outer rings harken to the " gun sight " taillight look of early 1960s Imperials .	look
The 2nd Earl died in 1796 , and ownership passed to his son , David William Murray , 3rd Earl of Mansfield .	ownership
She travelled in Germany , France , and Italy , and exhibited landscapes at Brussels , Antwerp , and Paris , her favorite subjects being Dutch .	subjects
He regarded the " Kristallnacht " ( state-sanctioned , nationwide pogrom of Jews ) as personal humiliation and degradation of civilization .	regarded
In 2017 , Shyamalan released the movie " Split " , which garnered positive reviews and was a huge financial success .	huge
The 53rd Army then attacked along the Lučenec axis , reached the Hron at the end of February 1945 , and then went on the defensive .	defensive
He resigned from the Wilkes Expedition on July 10 , 1838 .	resigned
Sawhny worked with Indian Industry till 1977 , before starting with his own company , Monarch International in 1978. trading internationally with offices in several countries .	offices
He was first elected to the Newfoundland assembly in 1956 .	assembly
The Hemmant Battery , set among grassed lawns and paddocks in the sparsely populated suburb of Hemmant , is important because of its aesthetic significance .	suburb
By 1901 , the brothers ' partnership had ended in a bitter feud .	partnership
These flirtations added significant depth and interest to her character .	depth
Their first playoff opponent was the Niagara Thunderhawks who gave them the rookie treatment , vanquishing the Bengals in three straight games .	straight
However , Phyllis states that all the charges were dropped after none of the witnesses showed up .	charges
The movement spread to Taunggyi , Shan State in September 15 .	spread
They were the first Dorset buttons to be made , being made on a ram 's horn base , before the advent of the metal ring former .	ring
The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is " Cfa " ( Humid Subtropical Climate ) .	climate
Various plants unrelated to true nettles ( " Urtica " species ) possess similar defensive hairs , and the common names often reflect this ( e.g .	defensive
In the years following , he practiced law in Washington , D.C. and New York , lobbying for environmental issues .	environmental
Each student has an account on the school network , and all of their personal documents are stored in the server .	documents
During expedition , scientists identified 16 species of corals .	expedition
Generally rural , agriculture in the municipality is concerned primarily with cereals and potatoes .	agriculture
In addition to describing his usage of orpiment to de Mayerne , Johnson also told Daniel King his technique for draperies .	technique
She develops romantic feelings for Charlie as well at the end and is in favour of Charlie and Floss joining up with the fair in the summer .	joining
The most characteristic and popular of Italian American cultural contributions has been their feasts .	contributions
Evans ' vocal performance was also influenced by Brown 's sidekick Lyn Collins .	influenced
She had her first music lessons with guitarist Emiliano Aiub Riveros .	guitarist
Uluru is seen as having an explanation for why we are humans , and the stories help to describe much of the surrounding flora and fauna .	humans
Learning Alliance is a private , coeducational institution located in Lahore and Faisalabad , Pakistan .	institution
Wicked Lovely is a young adult / urban fantasy novel by author Melissa Marr .	adult
This leads to conflicts with the other main characters .	leads
Wilhite was drafted by the New England Patriots in the fourth round ( 129th overall ) in the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
Their run of success ended in the 1990s with a series of poor finishes in the Amateur Oberliga Hessen ( III ) early in the decade .	decade
A senior member of the clan may act as a leader , but no true leader actually exists .	exists
Starting from 1995 , Eurostar could mount the new 8210.42S , a 6-cylinder 13.8 l with a power output of 469 HP .	output
Also heard was " The Country King , WKKM plays more music ! "	heard
He also recorded classical works on phonograph and tape .	classical
Mani Shankar does not waste time on unnecessary details .	details
By his first marriage , to Sheila Sweet , Johnson had two children , tabletop games designer Jervis Johnson ( b .	designer
By 2015 the shed had been demolished and the site built over as part of the Railway Street Industrial Estate .	demolished
The company ceased trading in October 2015	ceased
" The Times " obtained a copy of the FBI 's initial request for information about Raissi .	request
Purser has worked for over 35 years on fire toxicity and human evacuation behavior .	behavior
She replies , " Secret secrets are no fun , secret secrets hurt someone " .	secret
He was born in Bratislava and lived in Komárno , home to a sizeable Hungarian community on the shores of the Danube , since his early childhood .	childhood
She was cited , along with others , in Anders Behring Breivik 's manifesto .	cited
He was in an active duty status other than training from 17 April 1942 , and was assigned to the U.S .	duty
As of October 2008 , WTWS is broadcasting from new facilities licensed to Houghton Lake , with a power of 920 watts .	broadcasting
GWR came to an agreement with the Bradford family for sidings to be built near Yeovil Station ; Jabez would be mayor of Yeovil from 1880-1882 .	mayor
In the view of Crescas , this point of view often led to mistaken conclusions , and threatened to blur the distinctiveness of the Jewish faith .	threatened
" Little Crystal " was in the Top 20 of the Oricon charts in the week of its release , and it charted for 5 weeks .	charts
During this period , criminal justice procedure in the United Kingdom was uncodified .	criminal
There is a marked shift from linear visual space to an all-encompassing aesthetic sensory space .	visual
After killing the terrorists and saving Liz , they find that the bomb has already been moved .	killing
In polo , knee pads serve primarily to protect the rider 's knee when " riding off " an opponent .	protect
Egypt was the champion and the tournament qualified the top four teams to the 2013 world championship .	qualified
Later the Military commissariat posted her to their Psychological Section at Zella-Mehlis .	posted
He had had a severe attack of pleurisy the previous fall and was still suffering from its aftereffects .	severe
Dr. Ridker was included in " TIME magazine 's " list of 100 most influential people of 2004 .	influential
Soon after , the IRS slapped a $ 168,000 lien on the franchise .	franchise
During this time the union between Sweden and Norway was the fundamental question .	question
On February 14 , 2015 , Beverley came from behind in the semifinal and final rounds to win the Skills Challenge during NBA All-Star Weekend .	rounds
There are no perennial rivers in the region , but the region is abundant with groundwater aquifers .	rivers
The building was designed by Hobart Town architect James Thomson , who was a Scottish convict who was Pardoned in 1829 .	architect
Students that are sick are being asked to isolate themselves in their dorm rooms .	rooms
the literacy rate of population excluding children aged 6 and below ) is 75.42 % .	aged
The steamer " Metis " crashed off Watch Hill in 1872 , killing 130 people .	killing
Fellows are academics , policy-makers and practitioners , and are entitled to use the letters " FAcSS " after their name .	letters
It is regularly played by the National Detmold and other visiting ensembles .	regularly
The match was held at Waldstadion , Frankfurt , Germany , on 29 June 2005 and was contested by Brazil and Argentina .	contested
On December 9 , 2011 , Cantrell joined Metallica for their 30th anniversary concert at The Fillmore in San Francisco .	anniversary
Simpson 's research is in neuroendocrinology , the study of brain and hormone interaction .	brain
" Rockingham " sank on 27 September 1944 while under tow after striking a mine .	mine
1977 proved to be another frustrating year .	proved
Rhino becoming champion was ranked by TNA as the 21st greatest moment in the company 's history .	greatest
After over a year of construction , over 800,000m ² of earthworks had been created and as much as 180,000 m ³ of concrete had been poured .	concrete
He participated in the men 's 85 kg event at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships , and at the 2016 Summer Olympics , finishing in seventeenth position .	finishing
In some countries , only the latter is described as " light rail " .	rail
Later , this circular or oval outer line became a motif in itself , forming an open C-shape with the two in-growing scrolls at its tips .	forming
James Kenward received his prep school education at Ripple Vale School near Deal in Kent until entering Brighton College in 1919 .	entering
This twofold description shows the characteristics of the relationship between the collective body of labor power and the machine .	machine
In season 7 , Clark and Lois made a huge progression in their relationship .	huge
By the end of the 20th century the Japanese Garden had become overgrown and it was restored in 2001 .	restored
Ricardo gives him some lessons on how to talk to women .	talk
The Osage Indian Tribe held mineral rights that were worth millions of dollars .	worth
The Palm Bay Police Department employs approximately 160 sworn police officers , in addition to multiple civilian and support personnel [ citation needed ] .	personnel
The reliability of the dates was questioned in 1990 , and a later estimate was set at 13,000 to 10,000 BP .	dates
This algebra has a central extension called the Virasoro algebra that is important in two-dimensional conformal field theory and string theory .	extension
The single debuted at # 12 on the Oricon Weekly Chart and sold 9,815 physical copies that week .	debuted
Today the diaspora is a major economic factor in the province by sending high amounts of remittances fuelling significant construction activity .	factor
" " Human Love " showcases Faulkner as a gifted guitarist , a versatile performer and a truly sublime vocalist with an unrivaled songwriting talent .	guitarist
Shan bought his first typewriter when he was fourteen and wrote many short stories , comic scripts , and books that he never finished .	comic
The album was released five weeks earlier than originally planned due to the popularity of " Foundations " .	popularity
He started feeling pain in his shoulder in November , and doctors later discovered a cancerous mass in his chest .	mass
Three quarters of the members are from German-speaking countries ( Germany , Austria , Switzerland ) and one quarter from about 30 other nations .	quarter
The traditional legends and hagiographic texts state Basava to be the founder of the Lingayats and its secular practices .	practices
Developed and distributed with the support of the California Congress of Parents , Teachers , and Students , Inc .	distributed
Between 1926 and 1933 the president of the Ben Uri Art Society was renowned painter Leopold Pilichowski from Poland ( 1869 – 1934 ) .	painter
ABC transferred its " Monday Night Football " rights to ESPN in 2006 , clearing the Monday night time slot for regular scripted programming .	programming
Thus , soon after this limit is reached the organism dies .	limit
These readers received a usually friendly , but occasionally testy , tutorial in the finer points of grammar and diction .	occasionally
" GURPS Uplift " is a sourcebook for a science fiction themed role-playing game based on the Uplift Universe .	fiction
The concept of a single system of measures under government control continues .	measures
A beam may fail due to global or local instability before formula _ 1 is reached at any point on its length .	global
Anatoly Konenko has been listed in Guinness Book of Records for creating the book .	creating
Finally , Sheldon successfully pranks Leonard ; after his video chat with Priya , Sheldon jumps up from under the couch cushions dressed as a zombie .	successfully
For example , the Bhusawal Thermal Power Station consumed 2,400,000 tonnes of coal in 2006-07 .	coal
Tommy fails at getting advice .	getting
The reasons and circumstances surrounding Betts ' departure from the Falklands are disputed .	reasons
Of the pharmaceutical components found in drinking water , the EPA only regulates lindane .	components
Preliminary findings indicated that 19,000 housing units went uncounted .	indicated
She continued working in the weapons division until the early seventies .	weapons
Thrakhath then challenges Blair in single combat .	combat
On paper , the 11th was one of the strongest Republican districts in the South .	11th
It also finds its origin in the Colegio del Príncipe for children of Curacas who worked in the Enclosed Reduction .	origin
It also described " an organization so consumed with public relations that it hindered the charity 's ability to provide disaster services . "	relations
Notice that the width of a higher level link is the sum of the component links below it ( i.e .	link
The act focused around an election in Fredericksburg and included a parody on " Dixie " by Kolb and Dill .	focused
Woosey was a veteran of the British 18th Royal Hussars Regiment who had fought in the Boer War , in India and along the Afghan border .	18th
Muir holds that the Qurayza surrendered on the condition that " their fate was decided by their allies , the Bani Aws " .	condition
The other pieces are devoted to individual artists .	pieces
in 1995 , he played opposite Elaine Paige in " Sunset Boulevard " playing the role of Joe Gillis at the Adelphi Theatre .	opposite
The Tsotso speak Olutsotso and occupy the western part of Kakamega district .	speak
The type locality is at , off the coast of Nicaragua , at a depth of .	depth
These techniques include duet and ensemble improvisation forms that include drones , ostinato patterns , and call and response forms .	techniques
It made history on CMT 's Top Twenty Countdown for being at number one for a consecutive five weeks .	consecutive
Harriott continued his duties until his health broke down some nine months before his death .	duties
It is the southernmost portion of Route 27 and has its western end at the intersection with Stockton and Bayard Streets , which form U.S. Route 206 .	intersection
It was named for Royden C. Sanders , Jr . , one of the original eleven associates .	eleven
Justine and the man watch , commenting on Gunn 's chance at survival .	chance
She wrote the " Red Pepper Burns " series of popular novels .	novels
The capability to do this is in the drive rather than the host computer .	drive
This is due to a large proportion of the population working in subsistence agriculture or on other vulnerable employment ( own-account work and unpaid family work ) .	agriculture
Fey also denied the product placement allegations .	denied
The chorus reminds her of her deity and that with her divine powers she can transform Acis 's corpse into a beautiful fountain .	powers
At the completion of the project , all stations on the line will be compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act and be wheelchair-accessible .	completion
Also , he has a good record in management , working on educational and cultural matters .	educational
Escherich is the police inspector charged with finding the source of the postcards .	charged
The Nive Nulls have over 80,102,662 views on their YouTube channel .	views
He died in Rio de Janeiro , after contracting yellow fever , at the age of 38 .	yellow
As a landowner in Poland , Zamoyski is active in preserving the natural habitat within an area of great biodiversity .	habitat
The origins of the river are in Insko Lake ( Polish : jezioro Ińsko ) , and it flows through a succession of smaller lakes .	flows
It now operates under the auspices of the Remick Country Doctor Museum & Farm .	operates
Groundwater from Lake Tauca may have drained into the Quebrada Puripica , northeast of Laguna Miscanti .	northeast
Beneath each cutting or photograph , she would write her personal sentiments as to her feelings relating to her progressing career .	write
The tool multiplies and expands into the working machine that is created by man .	machine
Despite these controversies , resettlement has gone ahead and construction has continued .	ahead
Velvet was a 15-inch tall and was released in Caucasian and African American versions .	tall
Intermediate level is equivalent to a GCSE in Mathematics .	equivalent
Article 45 gives the requirements for choosing the Chief Executive , and Annex I does likewise in a more specific manner .	requirements
Today these devices can be built as science experiments .	devices
The SWIR crosses the flank of the swell before reaching the Marion hotspot at 36 ° E .	reaching
Philadelphia remains the seat of the Metropolis of Philadelphia , which has been a titular see since the Greco-Turkish population exchange .	exchange
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international version of the classification .	classification
The Hannover Indians had won promotion to the Second Bundesliga .	promotion
was moved to the Northampton Street Bridge , with PA 45 replacing the route along Northampton Street in Easton .	replacing
This is a list of islands of Solomon Islands , by province and archipelago .	islands
During her career at Rollins , Ortmayer created a number of award – winning medals .	medals
A recording of the song instead played over a travelogue of the city at the start of the opening ceremony .	ceremony
Summoning this god is considered lethal , if one even subconsciously entertains thoughts of suicide .	suicide
Little was ultimately proven correct .	ultimately
Quilmes ' first President was Eugenio Moure , who also composed the official anthem of the club along with the musicians Luis Duhalde and Francisco Mafia .	musicians
After some time , Halie enters the house with Father Dewis , with whom the audience later learns she is having an affair .	audience
By 1845 the Library held 15,000 volumes and three years later , almost 20,000 items .	items
She also spoke out against polygyny and its impact on women .	impact
" Gymnocalycium baldianum " is easy to grow .	grow
The normal location in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania had to be vacated due to a mutiny by Continental Army soldiers .	normal
In 1986 , he starred in a Garry Marshall financed teleplay called " Four Stars " , alongside actress Julie Paris .	starred
Due to the parametrization capabilities the software can communicate with central traffic computers and implement their current strategy by parameter changes .	strategy
Each one has different experiences , both joyful and painful , each one explores their emotions to the furthest extent and each one learns new about life .	experiences
Cork provided the opposition on that occasion , however , Clare were still the favourites going into the game .	opposition
A large number of cars were relocated to South Africa and ran from 2000 onwards .	relocated
Savannas maintain an open canopy despite a high tree density .	maintain
In 1986 , Kindness won the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate , but he lost to incumbent John Glenn .	nomination
The tanker collides with an iceberg , and spills dark matter across the landscape .	matter
18th century ) was a Welsh balladeer and teacher who lived in Montgomeryshire ( Sir Drefaldwyn , now part of Powys ) .	18th
Pierce is opposed to Oregon Ballot Measure 97 .	opposed
has been compared to the soundtrack of the 1969 musical film " Oh !	soundtrack
Other languages spoken at home included Cape York Peninsula Languages 61.6 % and Wik Mungkan 14.7 % .	spoken
Queen Khushush left an inscription ( dated 981 ) on its western wall .	dated
One baggage claim area in the lower lobby level houses a single carousel and a dedicated ski / oversize baggage slide .	claim
The cult magazine debuted in May 1997 , but took a while to settle into a purely first-person vein .	debuted
Farrelly died from pneumonia in Knoxville , aged 64 .	aged
In computer programs , len is the name of one of the major string functions .	functions
North Dakota State went on to finish the season undefeated with a record of 15 – 0 and won their third consecutive FCS Championship .	consecutive
Research suggests NLRP proteins may be involved in combating retroviruses in gametes .	suggests
Archaeological Survey of India office , Akkanna-Madanna caves and the Gosala are some of the notable structures situated in this area .	structures
The diagram shows parallel curves of the implicit curve with equation formula _ 25 < br >	parallel
The new hospital will replace both the Psichiatric Hospital and the specialty Hospital .	replace
Senator Roth led a wide range of investigations into commodity investment fraud , off-shore banking schemes , money laundering , and child pornography .	investment
Makishima is commonly serene even during violent scenes as a result of lacking any sort of humanity .	scenes
Riegels sent letters to athletes who made similar mistakes .	letters
The column of 16,000 soldiers and civilians was now at the mercy of the Afghan tribes .	column
She traveled to New York and Los Angeles and started writing and co-writing songs for what was to become her debut album " Free Fall " .	traveled
Viola Spolin created theater games as a method of training improvisational acting .	theater
It is not known whether the pattern of abrupt onset is specific to PANDAS .	pattern
Many fungi are hyperaccumulators , that means they are able to concentrate toxins in their fruiting bodies for later removal .	bodies
The war , which lasted a little over a month , was worsened by a cholera epidemic .	lasted
Beagle Bros provided a toolkit , Beagle Graphics , with routines for developing double hi-res graphics in AppleSoft BASIC .	developing
Girls were generally committed for a period of three years .	committed
'High Tops ' and ' Dorset Knobs ' are patterns that are taller , or nearly as tall , as they are wide .	tall
OdySea Aquarium in Scottsdale , Arizona , is a marine aquarium , and the largest aquarium in the Southwest United States .	marine
In Division One to Division Three , the top two clubs are promoted while the bottom two are relegated .	bottom
Basara winds up on an icy planet due to a fold accident .	accident
Karam was warned that to refuse would mean to place his men and the welfare of his people in jeopardy .	mean
Bourke established the Colonial Architect 's Department in 1832 to be responsible for the planning and supervision of the construction and repair of public buildings .	planning
The star has given rise to a byword to winning trophies .	rise
The test is simple , non-invasive , and is performed after a short period of fasting ( typically 8 – 12 hours ) .	simple
When implemented in the Bakhcha-U turret , the range of the 2A70 is increased to 7 km with its unguided rounds .	rounds
PRIMERGY exists since 20 years ( status : 2014 ) .	exists
The primary art historical controversy surrounding Duncanson is whether or not he represented racial issues in his art .	racial
It also sighted the coaxial machine gun .	machine
Angel says she is feeling the weight of her soul .	weight
In 1994 , digital cordless phones in the 900 MHz frequency range were introduced .	frequency
The magazine is split into two sections : one with information about games , and one with manga information ( usually made after popular H-games ) .	sections
That was one of the ones I was excited about .	ones
Japanese-style or " nihonga " painting continues in a prewar fashion , updating traditional expressions while retaining their intrinsic character .	fashion
The infantry were from the 16th Brigade 's right-flank battalion and had the support of recoilless rifles , RPG-7s , and some manually guided AT-3 Sagger missiles .	16th
Reading the magazine changed his life , and he became a lifelong devotee of fantasy and science fiction .	fiction
He was promoted to Lieutenant ( junior grade ) in August 1918 .	junior
Julia realizes that her father needs an alliance and offers to marry Pompey in order to obtain his legions .	needs
Bankim Ghosh Memorial Girls ' High School is a girls ' school located at Mohan Chand Street , Watganj , Kolkata , West Bengal .	girls
After having fought for its very life , the party is popular again and leads the polls .	leads
Scott chose Evans as a member of his polar party , with Lieutenant Henry Robertson Bowers , Lawrence Oates , and Dr. Edward Adrian Wilson .	chose
Shoulder arthritis is characterized by pain , stiffness , and loss of function and often by a grinding on shoulder motion .	motion
By the special order of Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , Indian customs waived the heavy duty its import would have normally entailed .	duty
The persona comes to Maryland as a tobacco merchant , or " sot-weed factor " .	factor
Though Bernini 's project was never constructed , there are many Bernini touches in the fountain as it exists today .	exists
In 1968 , Consolidated Edison ( Con Ed ) purchased the island for three million dollars , with a view to building a nuclear power plant there .	nuclear
However , in banking , and increasingly in industry and commerce , standard Western year ( Christian or Common Era ) counting is the standard practice .	increasingly
In 1784 he was elected to the Continental Congress but did not attend .	attend
But Ferguson had other ideas .	ideas
Daniel Fienberg offered stronger criticism of the episode , finding fault in Levi 's direction , with both the main and subplots overly outlandish .	criticism
After this , older 40 / 50 models were called Silver Ghosts to avoid confusion .	avoid
The river Ock flows through it , and divides here for a mile or so .	flows
Urschel was selected by the Baltimore Ravens in the fifth round of the 2014 NFL draft with the 175th overall pick .	draft
Equivalence partitioning is not a stand-alone method to determine test cases .	determine
The obituary in " The Guardian " for the Italian journalist Oriana Fallaci described her as " notorious for her Islamaphobia " [ sic ] .	journalist
This depot has been demolished .	demolished
Igi-Halki was a king of Susa and Anshan ( Elam ) early in the 14th century BC .	14th
At the 2018 Olympic Games , he helped Germany win silver , which was the country 's greatest ever international achievement .	greatest
New difficulties arose when the eighteenth book was in press .	press
She often wore pink or pale blue satin dresses and jewelry that was too large for her .	blue
Many of these influences are reflected in his books , he claims .	claims
Clarke is the oldest and largest school of its kind in the U.S .	kind
Johann Christoph Rumpff , Gesche 's would be twelfth victim , got suspicious after finding small white granules on food she had prepared for him .	prepared
2. c . 22 ) , notes the moss-troopers to have been a long-running problem .	notes
McDowell ran as an Independent Progressive Conservative supporting the coalition , and defeated Liberal-Progressive W.D .	supporting
She gives lectures on education in multicultural societies , women , religion and society .	religion
A unit citation or commendation is an award bestowed upon an organization for the action cited .	cited
A total of 16 teams qualified for the final tournament .	qualified
The leaves are alternately set , crowded at the tip of the branches , almost as if in a rosette .	branches
Thomson is 11th in the club 's all time appearances list and also coached the under-19s team for the 2010 – 11 season .	11th
Sacha Schneider ( born 23 June 1972 ) is one of Luxemburger 's most experienced football players .	experienced
The group planned its meetings for times when Hedge was visiting from Bangor , Maine , leading to the early nickname " Hedge 's Club " .	meetings
Secular and religious buildings were made out of this material as well as items used in the household — normally dishes and boxes .	items
Beginning with the Armory show of 1913 Walter was " hit between wind and water . "	wind
After failing to persuade the Icelandic government to join the Allies , the British invaded on the morning of 10 May 1940 .	morning
On September 20 , 1931 , Kudeversky District was abolished and merged into Novorzhevsky District .	merged
He temporarily coached the Indian cricket team for their 2007 Bangladesh tour .	cricket
One of the more widely cultivated geebungs in eastern Australia , though by no means common , " P. pinifolia " is a fairly reliable garden plant .	garden
Nemnich was a compulsive observer and collector of facts but he lacked depth and originality and the ability to analyse his facts .	depth
Normally these limits are met by permanently inserted hardware in the on-air chain ( see multiband compression above ) .	chain
Papineau-Couture received the Governor General 's Performing Arts Award for Lifetime Artistic Achievement in 1994 for his contribution to classical music .	classical
Population : 9,486 ( 2002 Census ) ; The population of Moshenskoye accounts for 34.3 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
In the Marolambo District ( part of the Atsinanana region in Toamasina Province ) , the fossa has traditionally been hated and feared as a dangerous animal .	animal
He was able to provide much practical help to John Hodgson with the latter 's well regarded " History of Northumberland " .	regarded
Factory ships were not used by Japan until the 1930s .	1930s
SCHS is affiliated with Moline Christian School , Byron Center Christian School , Dutton Christian School , Legacy Christian School , all of which provide K-8 Education .	affiliated
The Remixes " returned to number one on the " Billboard " 200 with sales of 102,000 units , giving her simultaneous number ones .	ones
The Rockland County Sheriff ’ s Civil Enforcement Division has been in existence since the office of Sheriff was established in 1798 .	existence
During that time , he contributed to movies like " Clerks " , " Scream " and " Beautiful Girls " .	contributed
Women 's " ' awrah " is a more complicated issue and it changes according to the situation .	situation
Freeburg had flown her into the Twin Cities for the trip .	trip
He won a blue but left after a year .	blue
Tacitus recounts the rumor that Augustus had decided to reverse his decision and make Postumus his successor .	successor
From 2005-2007 he served as assistant coach with Tennis Borussia Berlin , until returning to first team duties with Integrál-DAC in Hungary .	duties
Form I-140 may be filed concurrently with Form I-485 , Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status .	filed
FC Barcelona 's senior men 's team head coach , Ranko Žeravica , gave Epi the opportunity to play with the club 's youth teams .	opportunity
A man was legally only allowed one wife , but could , " purchase as many concubines as he could afford . "	purchase
This suggests that dysfunctional phosphatases play a role in Alzheimer 's disease .	suggests
Preliminary results from the autopsy suggested that he was beaten and burnt while still alive .	suggested
IMI has a corporate social responsibility program .	responsibility
Pjaca was included in Croatia 's Euro 2016 squad .	squad
Violetta tries to catch up with Ansaldo to warn him , but it is too late .	tries
Within the framework of administrative divisions , Kalininsky District is one of the thirty-six in the oblast .	divisions
The land was divided into 100 lots , and allotted according to each family 's investment in the company .	investment
He was sentenced to serve 30 days in jail .	sentenced
" Billboard " called it " " and a " fantasy " , and " Vibe " named it one of her best dance videos .	videos
William tells Danny a bedtime story sequence of a " Big Friendly Giant " who captures good dreams and blows them into children 's bedrooms at night .	sequence
" 2008 – 09 Alabama – Huntsville Chargers men 's ice hockey season	hockey
In 1994 Tu-22M2s , Tu-16Ks and a large part of the Tupolev Tu-22Ps were put in storage and then dismantled .	storage
The hair color of these children depends on how these alleles work together .	hair
Later , he started producing plays for the Indian People 's Theatre Association .	producing
We will continue until all the ribbon movements unite and spread to the whole country .	spread
Later she becomes close to her driver Ananthu , but Ananthu 's family is against this relationship as well as marriage .	driver
" Castle " was notably rerecorded to advertise the 2016 film " " .	notably
It would continue via the Sandown railway line corridor and Grand Avenue , then cross the Parramatta River just east of Rydalmere ferry wharf .	cross
It was Paramount Pictures ' highest-grossing film of 1974 and was the seventh-highest-grossing picture in North America that year .	picture
Flash is forced to fight Barin in a death match , but Flash instead saves Barin 's life , causing Barin to join him .	causing
She was the third woman elected to Canadian Parliament and the first to still be raising young children while holding political office .	holding
" This article refers to a defunct organization .	refers
A captive Philippine eagle lived for 41 years in Rome Zoo , and it was already adult when it arrived at the zoo .	adult
Since then , the Atlantis II transform fault has grown while the offsets west and east of it have begun to disappear .	grown
The agents of the Evacuation Administration were in charge of making sure that the evacuees were being well taken care of in their new locations .	locations
Stopping to free the young horse , he realized the colt had been stuck long enough for his feet to have frozen .	horse
It receives approximately five times more research funding than any other PM & R department in the country from a diverse range of sources , among them :	funding
Instead the enemy is the oppressive force that subjugates the Africana man , woman , and child .	enemy
Nickel Days is a large weekend festival held in June every year ; the festival includes concerts , family games , a parade , and more .	concerts
Dr. Farber completed an additional research year at Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital in basic science .	basic
This meant that all food had to be brought with the group , typically numbering up to 2,000 people at a time .	meant
As of the census of 2000 , there were 1,495 people , 847 households , and 343 families residing in the city .	residing
The school grounds are large , and consist of many buildings built over a large period of time .	grounds
With the advent of World War II , however , WAE was pressured to sell the airfield .	sell
The building of Ringtail state school were pulled down in 1946 , before being relocated to Pomona State School as a classroom .	relocated
These policy changes have affected Māori in Australia .	affected
The suddenly enthusiastic Swiss sprang to arms , issuing forth from Milan in disciplined but frenzied columns .	arms
The institution is an institutional member in the following professional societies :	institution
As mentioned above , screening for potential skin cancers is only one of many types of screenings that can be done .	skin
in the actual game only draws .	actual
Alan Scott 's Green Lantern history originally began thousands of years ago when a mystical " green flame " meteor fell to Earth in ancient China .	thousands
After a player makes three attempts , the other player is forced to attempt the next solo game .	attempts
The uniform and equipment was all specially selected to match the mobile role of the Rangers .	mobile
Mackenzie enjoyed the storyline , calling it one of his favourites .	calling
It generalises the concept of parallel lines .	parallel
The elevation into the nobility of wealthy Jews also started the process of assimilation of Jewish families into the Austrian upper class .	elevation
Its call sign was .	sign
In Sarmiento 's written account , he was Captain of the flagship and at least on the same level as chief pilot and navigator Hernando Gallego .	pilot
On 30 June 2009 he left Italy and returned to his homeland to sign with Unirea Urziceni .	sign
The original LTO specification describes a data compression method LTO-DC , also called Streaming Lossless Data Compression ( SLDC ) .	describes
The Wilkinson administration was dogged by ethical questions that eventually resulted in prosecution of some members .	questions
has received mixed to mostly negative reviews , averaging a 45 % on Metacritic .	negative
The children shout in joy , and begin to eat .	begin
Concerned about Delia , Anne sends Barbara to Wellington , where she discovers her sister is registered at the St. George Hotel under her maiden name .	registered
Russian Roulette is the third extended play by South Korean girl group Red Velvet .	girl
Their first game in the new-look 22,000 all-seater stadium was a pre-season friendly against Watford on 10 July 2004 .	stadium
The following table lists council wards , communities and associated geographical areas .	lists
The Norwegian reality television series " 71 ° nord " has used Hove several times for its broadcasts .	reality
The church includes a museum about its history and a gift shop .	shop
Her pictures are held in private collections .	collections
Pre-existing lineaments and geomorphological features suggest that this earthquake-triggered displacement occurred on existing faults .	existing
The series ends with Fleming forcing Malcolm 's resignation , only to be ousted himself a matter of days later .	matter
Masters bought a house trailer in 1961 and relocated his family to Los Angeles , where he founded a California-based non-profit , the Foundation of Human Understanding .	relocated
The taste is not comparable to any other fruit .	fruit
He also published a number of short stories , children 's books , and essay collections .	collections
It was retained by Talbot .	retained
It also must sit first ( typically , left ) where more than one flag is used .	flag
At 2001 TechEd Europe , Box performed a talk about XML and SOAP from a bathtub .	talk
Critics identify several enduring characteristics in Linhares ’ s work , even as it has evolved considerably over five decades .	decades
Nearly all puzzles provide immediate feedback if they have been solved correctly or not through sound effects or visual indication .	visual
Portions of the township are part of an Urban Enterprise Zone , one of 27 zones in the state .	township
After giving concerts in Moscow , and going on a French tour , the album was released in France by Wagram Music in 2004 .	concerts
Ridership on the Expo Line is continually increasing , and plans are being developed for upgrading capacity to meet future ridership levels .	increasing
, whereas a Ford Model T of the period took 40 seconds to reach its top speed of .	seconds
Hence the name of the kebab that consists of meat impaled on a huge spit .	huge
Yahweh then challenges the woman to explain herself , who blames the serpent , who is cursed to crawl on its belly , so losing its limbs .	herself
These usually have more characteristics of light rail than rapid transit .	rail
The Distinguished Service Cross was the only award for gallant or distinguished service made to the Royal Australian Navy during the Indonesia – Malaysia confrontation .	distinguished
The airport has a catchment area covering Grenland and surrounding parts of southern Telemark and eastern parts of Aust-Agder , with a total population of 140,000 .	covering
For a more detailed station listing , see the articles on the lines listed above .	articles
Human Rights attorney Abbe Jolles testified : " There is much evidence that the extradition demand for Judge Venckiene is politically motivated .	demand
The " Oculina " Banks stretch along 170 kilometers ( 106 miles ) reaching from Fort Pierce to Daytona .	reaching
Monetier 's slopes are a part of the extensive Serre Chevalier ski area .	extensive
The front gardens reference the historical appearance of the Rüdesheimer Square .	reference
In total , Lorch and its surrounding area lost 256 people due to World War Two , with 64 more remaining missing .	missing
Mike Huckabee , Sen. Tim Scott , and presidential candidate Steve Forbes have visited .	presidential
Divakaruni serves on its advisory board and on the advisory board of a similar organisation in Houston , Daya .	organisation
" Italian prisoners of war in the Soviet Union	prisoners
The official music video premiered on July 8 , 2014 on VEVO .	premiered
Many ex-Mormons experience troubles with family members who still follow Mormon teachings .	follow
Reshef requested authorization from Sharon to withdraw his brigade to Fort Lakekan to regroup his forces and regain combat effectiveness .	combat
Today , the only good water at Barrow Creek is rainwater and that is limited due to the arid climate .	climate
During their occupation , Malplaquet House was further subdivided and additions made to its structure .	occupation
Dr. Kalpana Chawla , the first Indian American astronaut and first Indian born woman in space is perhaps Tagore Baal Niketan 's most famous alumni .	perhaps
It should be strong and short , broad at the shoulders and narrowing at the loins .	broad
However , Buffalo 's size ( only Green Bay was smaller ) and climate were seen as problems .	climate
Pillune lies southeast of a lake named Machucocha .	southeast
33 BMD-4Ms were delivered in the first half of 2016 .	delivered
Rather than rotating , the displacer is driven in an orbital motion to create a pumping action between the pairs of scrolls .	motion
They are apparently capable of breeding throughout the year , although , in at least some areas , births are more common during the wet season .	capable
Greater Anglia also operate the Stansted Express service from London to Stansted Airport .	operate
" Satumaa " ( roughly , in English " The Fabled Land " or " The Fairytale Land " ) is the quintessential Finnish tango .	roughly
Tule is an unincorporated community in Humboldt County , Nevada , United States .	unincorporated
His greatest deed was the storming of Izmail in 1790 under the supreme command of Alexander Suvorov .	greatest
The grand hotel made its first appearance during these years with the opening of the Clifton Hotel in Niagara Falls , Upper Canada in 1833 .	hotel
However , he wouldn ’ t close his door to anyone who came to seek for his support even in the midnights .	door
Jorge González Camarena ( 24 March 1908 – 24 May 1980 ) was a prominent painter , muralist and sculptor .	painter
They beat out future Olympians Jean-François Berthet and Gwenael Berthet of France .	beat
This results in the boundary becoming bowed between those points where it is anchored to the particles .	boundary
A loud drum-beat can be heard .	heard
From an early period , he took an active interest in promoting manufactures and agriculture .	agriculture
However , since the design was untested , an experimental boat lift was built at the top of Barrow Hill .	boat
Jimme O 'Neill is a Scottish singer and guitarist who has been the lead singer of Scottish rock band The Silencers since 1984 .	guitarist
He was ordained a priest on 23 May 1971 , then appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Sofia and Titular Bishop of Briula on 18 December 1993 .	priest
The structure of melody is made by couple of phrases characterized by the alternation between ascending and descending movement with the fulcrum on the note A .	note
Mayor of Madrid , Juan Barranco , called for solidarity with the victims and their families and requested a three-minute silence at midday the same day .	victims
However , the audio output from the radio would need to be then decoded .	output
He also writes English poetry .	poetry
While living in Feilding , he became champion at both local tennis clubs .	tennis
Neas also worked on the Watergate scandal , health care , and ethics reform .	reform
Basic conjugations for declarative , interrogative and imperative are identical , depending on intonation and context or other additional suffixes .	depending
The charity 's website describes marriage as heterosexual by definition , and a published document called on homosexuals to embrace celibacy as a way of life .	describes
In 2001 the label spun out its comedy recordings into Stand Up !	recordings
One of Linton 's major contributions to anthropology was defining a distinction between status and role .	contributions
The school also offers a number of sporting and extra curricular activities including with other schools and local organisations .	extra
Fifteen months later , on 19 May 1947 , it was activated at Langley Field , Virginia as a light bombardment squadron .	squadron
Types 1 and 2 are classified as minor placental praevia as these typically result in minor antepartum haemorrhaging .	classified
These interests can also be seen in his work .	interests
Additional funds have been provided by several other State and Federal agencies and conservation organizations .	funds
Few Indian women decades before has done Skydiving with Indian Flag .	decades
Fletcher has been described as a target man , due to his large figure and heading ability .	target
The car can also accelerate from in 4.2 seconds at fourth gear and can attain a top speed of .	seconds
" Spin " , on the other hand , described it as " a middling version of shoegaze for people who stare at their hands . "	hands
Property deals relating to Kesko 's ownership of the former Citymarket sites were completed a few days later .	ownership
The earliest ambient influences of the Orb came in 1979 during Paterson 's roadie days with Killing Joke .	earliest
To begin with he worked in an academic , Victorian style .	begin
Royalist attacks at Louth and Market Rasen , together with the capture of gunpowder intended for Rotherham , provoked Parliament into action .	capture
In those circumstances I formally offer no further evidence and will invite my Lord to direct the jury to return not guilty verdicts . "	formally
The stream cuts through limestone to form the gorge , which is known as White Canyon .	stream
When the remainder of the area donated was dedicated on September 9 , 1968 , it was the first refuge to receive wilderness designation .	donated
The Gallery was registered as a charitable trust in 1990 .	registered
The band 's Red Sky Studio in Feilding was flooded in February 2004 , so the band relocated to Seattle for recording .	relocated
In 1950 the Kefauver Committee initiated a campaign against organized crime and illegal gambling .	crime
Wrestlers portrayed villains , heroes , or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches .	portrayed
Padua 's Public Prosecutor , Pietro Calogero , accused those involved in the Autonomia movement of being the political wing of the Red Brigades .	accused
It is contested by 11 clubs .	contested
He did oppose Sultan Ya 'qub 's centralization policies towards the end of the latter 's life , but remained on good terms with Sultan Rostam .	policies
Consequently , in most cases the courts have adopted such a construction as will best accord with the facts of modern governmental agencies .	courts
PC / 104-related specifications are controlled by the PC / 104 Consortium .	controlled
The estimated cost of the cleanup from the storm was $ 8 million for Centerville alone .	storm
BSCCO needs to be hole-doped by an excess of oxygen atoms ( " x " in the formula ) in order to superconduct .	needs
In 1907 , 1908 and 1910 , they also published the three-part volume " Okskaya Flora " ( " Flora of the Oka " ) .	volume
Clarion-Limestone received $ 61,835 in Accountability Block grant funds .	funds
In Communist Poland , all his publications were banned .	publications
The estimated $ 200 million project is expected to reduce travel time between the Strip and the Las Vegas Convention Center .	reduce
He is a former holder of the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship , the CMLL World Tag Team Championship and CMLL World Trios Championship on multiple occasions .	occasions
In 1818 following experiments with animals , he performed the first successful transfusion of human blood to treat postpartum hemorrhage .	blood
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention now requires state health departments to report infections using Form OMB No .	requires
It also spied on the Al Jazeera and gained access to its internal communications systems .	internal
Point leader Jacques Villeneuve set a new track record in qualifying ; the eight such occurrence of the season .	qualifying
" Summertime " is an aria composed in 1934 by George Gershwin for the 1935 opera " Porgy and Bess " .	opera
" Miles Smiles " showcases Davis ' deeper exploration of modal performance with looser forms , tempos , and meters .	meters
Pads are three-dimensional objects typically molded of silicone rubber .	objects
He scored 102 against Australia in October – India 's second hundred in ODIs – and made the same score against England at Cuttack in December .	hundred
There is no single function that relates price to quantity supplied .	price
These were largely built as extensions of natural features , and often consisted of little more than earthworks and wooden barricades .	wooden
The NFL cited Freeney for making " inappropriate comments on officiating , " according to the Indianapolis Star .	cited
Falvey was later hired by the Minnesota Twins in 2016 , becoming their President of Baseball Operations .	hired
NDPD was not included in the electoral cartel of the other liberal-to-be parties in East Germany and entered the race alone .	electoral
2 on " Billboard " ' s World Albums Chart and peaked at No .	peaked
These " Chosen " were then given powers by their selectors .	powers
She stopped writing during her teens .	stopped
On completion of his studies , he became a certified history and geography teacher , the first from Upper Volta .	completion
Base pricing at launch ranged from US $ 40,575 for the V6 model to US $ 47,025 for the V8 .	launch
Later he received executive education degrees from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia and the University of North Carolina , Kenan-Flagler Business School .	degrees
These spatial differences lead to different departure times for white-fronted geese leaving their breeding areas .	differences
As of 2010 , The Pinnacle @ Duxton , is the highest HDB flat in Singapore , with seven connected 50-storey towers , totalling to 1,848 units .	flat
These irrigated banana fields were located in the fertil valleys of Sula , Aguán y La Ceiba along the Atlantic coast .	fields
The Vaalimaa border crossing , which connects the municipality with Russia , is located in Virolahti .	crossing
Luke ’ s symbol is the oxen , the animal of sacrifice , as Luke stressed the atoning sacrifice of Jesus .	animal
The coronary arteries are carefully mapped out in order to avoid unexpected intra-operative complications in transferring them from the native aorta to the neo-aorta .	avoid
With this new power , the people of Zamuel would invade their neighboring lands .	lands
The first synthesis of element 114 resulted in two atoms assigned to Fl , decaying to the Ds , which underwent spontaneous fission .	element
Tom and Alice Hammond are a happily married couple who become extremely wealthy when Alice suddenly becomes a best-selling author .	extremely
They also provide a voice into the district council meetings .	meetings
Although it is called a tomb , it was actually used to store supplies and weapons in preparation for war against invaders from the Jurchen-ruled Jin Empire .	weapons
Open to fillies and mares age four and older , it is contested on dirt over a distance of 7 furlongs .	contested
He first came to the domestic team in October 2009 in a T20 team .	domestic
For example ; a patient with a history of colorectal cancer treated with a colectomy , now presenting with abdominal adhesions .	treated
In addition , Almog participated in mortar shelling launched from a landing craft on the Egyptian anchorage of Marsa T 'lamat ( Central Gulf of Suez ) .	landing
There is no evidence presented in Opportunity International ( OI ) publications of summary-level improvements in household income or jobs created by OI 's borrowers .	publications
Ultra Magnus himself arrives on Earth in " Scattered " and meets with Arcee and Jack .	meets
Many centuries ago , sea levels were lower , and the Atlantic Coast lay about farther east than it does today .	centuries
A total of 26,461 households were counted in this woreda , resulting in an average of 4.70 persons to a household , and 25,837 housing units .	persons
Blenheim Art Foundation 's second exhibition , " Within A Realm Of Distance " , ran 10 October - 20 December 2015 .	exhibition
The booklet and photo shoot were designed by members of United Lounge Tokyo , and each booklet from the five format features different images of Koda .	images
Hoskins begins his chapter on industrialisation with the remark " England was still a peaceful agricultural country at the beginning of the seventeenth century . "	agricultural
Originally the series was broadcast as a Saturday morning cartoon , airing from September 13 , 1969 to January 3 , 1970 .	morning
The name is traditionally assumed to derive from the Semitic root " ḥyw " .	assumed
It would be the first time a team from Rostock had played ice hockey at a national level for over 35 years .	hockey
The Atanasoff – Berry computer , a prototype of which was first demonstrated in 1939 , is now credited as the first vacuum tube computer .	credited
To promote the re-release , Guryan issued a music video for the album track " California Shake " , co-written by Richard Bennett .	promote
They defend their territory by shouting and chasing off intruders , but rarely engage in actual fighting .	actual
It was first described from specimens from Shinkolobwe mine in Belgian Congo in 1923 , several additional localities are known .	mine
The defending Pan American Games champion is Sarah Trowbridge & Margaret Matia of the United States .	defending
Rather than individual forged cutting tools , this product used a single forged shank with interchangeable cutting bits , drastically reducing the cost of such bits .	tools
On 15 September 1956 , the Tupolev Tu-104 jetliner made its first passenger flight from Moscow Vnukovo to Irkutsk via Omsk .	passenger
This time , they were drawn against another Dutch side , PSV Eindhoven .	drawn
In addition to his notable work portraying Mexico , one important aspect of his work was the creation of portraits .	creation
" Widespread killing and destruction of property took place " as the KPA retreated against the advancing forces .	killing
He wrote the lyrics to " My lovin ' Henry " ( 1905 ) , music by Terry Sherman .	lyrics
When the team debuted in 1968 , the Bengals ' uniforms were modeled after the Cleveland Browns .	debuted
Town of Korem is surrounded by Ofla woreda .	surrounded
Coon began his career as an officer for the Pittsburgh Police in 1952 , and rose through the ranks to assistant superintendent .	rose
Bi-2223 is complicated in that it has three distinct copper-oxygen planes .	distinct
The name skike is a combination of " skate " and " bike " .	combination
The hemicarcerand stabilizes guests within its cavity by preventing their reaction with other molecules ...	reaction
Kaplan was born in Mürzzuschlag , Austria into a railroad worker 's family .	railroad
Hermits , monks , and priests used this historic period to write biographies .	write
There is also an additional serrated ridge of skin behind the main nose-leaf .	skin
It lies in a north-south direction between the Gila Mountains and the Cabeza Prieta Mountains , and almost entirely in the Barry M. Goldwater Air Force Range .	entirely
So great was the outcry caused by its publication that La Mettrie was forced to quit his position with the French Guards , taking refuge in Leiden .	publication
At the Sydney Olympics partial 9th place in 81 kg category .	category
The Navy yards were leaders in technical innovation , and the captains devised new tactics .	technical
Examples several international campaigns ( 1985-1992 ) for the independence of Namibia were organised , which was followed by an international refugee campaign ( 1994-1997 ) .	independence
In general , education levels are low in the informal sector .	sector
Important to the region , melons , watermelons , and sugarcane are all heavily irrigated .	heavily
ADMD has brought about significant changes in the current end-of-life legislation .	legislation
Production of the Pony Super and the trucks never " officially " ended , as the company maintains a factory able to resume production .	factory
Around the same time Pauline Carstens also erected a very ornate and expensive gravestone on her husband 's grave .	erected
Legrand 's artworks include etchings , graphic art and paintings .	paintings
Kolb and Dill returned on April 11 only to perform at the St. Mary 's Alumni Concert in San Francisco 's Alhambra Theater on April 12 .	perform
not affiliated to any school .	affiliated
Morris accompanied the queen throughout her journey and offered a very detailed account of Marie 's time in America in her book , published in 1927 .	accompanied
Meanwhile , An Shigeng has not died from causing himself explode into flames .	causing
In the senate , Sempronius grows tired of waiting for Syphax to turn Juba 's allegiances and raises his own mutinous legion to overthrow Cato .	grows
The show got poor reviews for its lack of wit and music , but stayed open for seven weeks .	stayed
Altar 30 is embedded in the fourth step of the access stairway to Terrace 3 in the Central Group .	step
He sharply criticized VOC rule on Java for its ' feudal ' exactions from the population .	criticized
Some point to the subsequent economic revival , others to loss of sovereignty and social upheaval .	subsequent
Conference expansion : SEC vs ACC	expansion
In broad terms it stretches from Wolfsburg-Vorsfelde in the west to Calvörde in the east and from Klötze in the north to Oebisfelde in the south .	broad
They receive a standing ovation from a crowd of adoring students , who chant Cliff 's line : " So Fucking What ! "	standing
He has been a representative in the Croatian Parliament since 2000 .	representative
Laureate of the " Person of the Year-2006 " award in the nomination " The head of the municipality - the Mayor " .	nomination
The Lakers will compete in the Easton Holiday Showcase to be held on January 2 and 3 .	compete
Cuala are the current champions .	champions
And all the rest is background music . "	background
It ’ s also known for being a biodiversity hotspot , which means it is under constant threat from human encroachment .	constant
Snorri , after killing Arnkel , later sided with his foster brothers , the Thorbrandssons ( Þorbrandssons ) , in their feud with the Thorlaksson family .	killing
In the late 13th century , additional buildings were added to the inner ward including a new Great Hall .	13th
It held that standing through the mid-20th century .	standing
It is easier to quickly convey information while still looking visually appealing and approachable .	looking
These engines were marketed as a Sport / Stunt engine as they were much tamer and much less cantankerous than the Tee Dee .	engines
He also traveled to northern Germany , Norway and Sweden .	traveled
Together with the mathematician Joachim Ohser he described the theoretical background of his research in the book ' Statistical Analysis of Microstructures in Materials Science ' .	background
He made a living mostly as an illustrator for the Bideri publishing house , and also worked with the editor Emilio Treves .	publishing
In December , the airline set another record with Sydney – San Francisco , covering .	covering
Sixteen more died after surviving the wreck , many having fallen ill during their sojourn in Batavia ( Jakarta ) .	surviving
As a result of the Police Acts of 1829 and 1839 , the marshal 's role changed significantly .	significantly
Biometric technology provides convenient and secure access to finances , even for those who are illiterate or lack formal identification .	formal
Capitalist systems are often thought to be destructive to the environment as well as certain individuals without access to proper representation .	environment
Banda told the American ambassador that he had proof Theroux was plotting to kill him , and demanded the volunteer be sent home .	kill
Besides rising sales , Sony also experienced a record increase in inquiries across multi-brand outlets .	experienced
The hospital is under expansion by IBT Group on the site of the previous hospital at a cost of £ 102.9 million .	expansion
This was followed by " Jack Is Back " , which reached number 1 in the German dance charts ) .	charts
They are chased by yet another car with Jane at the wheel and she recklessly makes a high speed turn on a crossroad and gets away .	gets
The most prominent of all the American Dadaists , Man Ray was a highly capable and innovative artist in a number of different mediums .	capable
Other experiments have proven this by exposing plants to extra red-light in the middle of the night .	extra
They are used in theme parks and educational shows .	educational
Health Net Dental is based in Irvine , CA and offers dental coverage for Healthy Families , Los Angeles Medi-Cal and Sacramento Medi-Cal customers .	coverage
This agreement was obtained after the Republican leadership " pledged to soon take up immigration legislation " .	legislation
Power House I and II were built in three stages .	stages
It did not sell well but received positive reviews and critical acclaim .	sell
With the weapon tracked to Los Angeles , Ferris convinces her superiors to let her bring Cris in .	bring
All public rooms in both classes are virtually identical structurally , but vary wildly in decor , with room names that match the ship 's theme .	rooms
The castle was built by the English Norman Hugh de Lacy in 1180 , and later passed to the Fitzgeralds .	castle
That bastard flag is a true symbol of the bastard state of Australian opinion .	flag
Of the 70 tallest mountains in Alaska , 35 are in the park , including seven of the top ten peaks .	mountains
Choudhary has worked at these institutions :	institutions
During 1925 Gosplan started creating annual economic plans , known as " control numbers " ( ) .	creating
These flags are set during the hour up to the event .	hour
After a short run and an incomplete pass , Pollard scored the go-ahead touchdown with a 1-yard run .	touchdown
By 2010 , the district 's population declined to 8,978 people .	declined
Volunteers and park rangers are frequently in the area to answer questions .	questions
In 1984 they recorded " Tudo Joia " for Pausa records , a blend of contemporary bossa and samba with a jazz flavor .	jazz
Johnny also tells Tank that he plans to leave town , but needs to visit his sick mother first , though it 's risky .	needs
Ezhara Ponnana refers to the seven-and-a-half golden elephants which are kept in the temple vault and taken out once in an year for darshan by the devotees .	refers
Thanks to much support , their freedom was obtained . < br >	freedom
Paper produced at the mill was primarily purchased by magazine publishers and large retail companies for high quality advertising inserts , flyers and catalogues .	mill
WDR began broadcasting on two radio networks ( one produced jointly with NDR ) on 1 January 1956 .	broadcasting
Roger 's brother Larry was found dead in a car a few blocks away with a single self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head .	blocks
and disc two contained the bonus tracks .	contained
An ECE version of the 5.0-litre M117 V8 engine was also available from September 1987 with a power output of	output
Channing was originally unavailable and was committed to coming to Broadway in another play , Neil Simon 's " Jake 's Women " .	committed
The best possible level of transparency is achieved by means of floor-to-ceiling glass elements .	glass
Some Beiyang officers were also academy trained at the Tianjin Military Academy ( 天津武備學堂 ) in Western style drill with foreign advisors .	trained
" The vulture and the little girl	girl
It also competes against disk - and has delayed or prevented the predicted " death of tape " at the hands of disk .	hands
There he planned the medical details for the new ocean steamer " J.K. Barnes " , the first American purpose-built hospital ship .	details
This was illegal , and Moffat was fined £ 172 , but he did not pay and the matter was dropped .	matter
The painting depicts Jeroboam , the first king of the northern Kingdom of Israel , offering sacrifice for the Idol .	offering
This type of art dates back to the 4th century .	dates
The case was dismissed November 24 , 1989 when Attorney General Richard L. Thornburgh refused to declassify information needed for his defense .	defense
Rögner was a student of Hugo Steurer ( piano ) , Egon Bölsche ( conducting ) and Otto Gutschlicht ( viola ) .	piano
Frank Stella 's 1965 group show " Shape and Structure " immediately refuted Olloway 's position by including Charles Hinman 's paintings .	paintings
Sophomore driver Bryan Herta won his first career pole with a new track record .	driver
On June 12 , Grossman came to terms with the Houston Texans and signed a one-year contract , worth $ 620,000 .	worth
Located one mile north of Omaha , Fort McCreary was built in 1836 for the defense of Georgia ´ s frontier along the Chattahoochee River .	defense
In 1924 , he married the former Evelyn Wadsworth in a lavish ceremony attended by President Coolidge and other prominent politicians .	ceremony
In the general election , the 61-year-old Berry faced off against 29-year-old Republican Henry Catto , son of a prominent insurance man in San Antonio .	faced
Historians have emphasized the need to stretch beyond battles and generals to do more comparative analysis .	beyond
Francisco worries that he is too shy to talk to Philippa .	talk
Otherwise known as the kaak block .	block
She is the youngest of three other siblings .	youngest
The report was largely implemented by the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 — creating a system of regions and districts in 1975 .	creating
It is the only building surviving from Hinesville 's early settlement period .	surviving
This is especially common in wasps and termites , but also can apply to birds .	birds
At that time , the government was trying to ban hunting with hounds .	trying
He designed the " Schaeberle camera " to take pictures of the Sun and its corona during total solar eclipses .	camera
The Marama speak Lumarama and occupy Butere district .	speak
While the HDB does not regulate these prices , the buyer and seller must declare the true resale price to the HDB .	price
He made a home for himself in Perth and quickly earned a reputation as one of the best big men in the league .	reputation
Its effects include temporary blindness , drowzyness , black	temporary
Incidentally , this was the second-last vehicle in the United States that offered this set up .	vehicle
With less than 3 minutes left in the first half , Houston advanced 74 yards to score on running back Earl Campbell 's 3-yard touchdown run .	touchdown
In defiance of the curfew , Morsi supporters vowed to return to the streets to continue protesting against the crackdown and coup .	streets
The Class 380 operates some services on the recently electrified line between Glasgow Queen Street and Edinburgh Waverley via Falkirk .	operates
The day after the match , Ramos wrote a message and sent him good wishes .	message
The barbarians search him , and discover an awl and flint .	search
This article lists all the confirmed national football squads for the 1984 European Competition for Women 's Football .	lists
Hundreds of volunteers from Aruba and the United States joined in the effort .	effort
The second secretary in 1898 was Frank Wallace Galton .	secretary
In 1992 , he assumed the most prestigious chair , that of Regius Professor of Medicine , which he held until retirement .	assumed
Amano was released by the Titans in 2013 after missing the entire 2012 season due to a torn triceps injury .	missing
The plical stigma forms a round pale green spot edged with fuscous , the second discal an indistinct pale green dot .	spot
The holotype and only known specimen is NMB PG.70 , consisting of partial coracoid , partial scapula , and partial pedal phalanx .	consisting
Algeria was a department of France at the time , so it was not considered a declared war but peacekeeping operations on French soil .	soil
The feature is also included book publishers , hardware vendors , and T-shirts printed .	printed
In 1876 it was only one of 20 in Scotland to achieve this .	achieve
He left following the French occupation , when the anti-royalist Parthenopean Republic was established .	occupation
Unicron 's subsequent consumption of Cybertron 's moons enraged Galvatron , but when Unicron mentally tortured him to put him in his place , Galvatron submitted .	subsequent
Next , a herd of gazelle dancers dressed in spandex costumes with hoods precede a float with tribal gazelle designs pushed along by wildebeest dancers .	designs
Koirala Institute Partnership : The Binaytara Foundation in December 2018 signed a memorandum of understanding with B.P .	understanding
The party made a sort of primary election to define the candidates it should present to the 1989 general election .	candidates
By the late 1990s , at least 4,000 basmati rice farmers had died from the pesticide , either from mishandling or suicide .	suicide
She really liked my camp side .	really
Benjamine Pinto serves as the parish priest at this church .	priest
Licensed to Lexington , Tennessee , United States , the station was owned by Lexington Broadcasting Service , Inc. and featured programming from Citadel Media .	programming
He plays his club rugby in England for Blackheath RFC .	rugby
Stylist is a free weekly magazine for women that is published in the United Kingdom since 7 October 2009 to complement men 's magazine " ShortList " .	weekly
He played for three seasons for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1995 to 1997 , appearing in 57 career games .	appearing
In July 2014 , Government of Pakistan announced Rs 6 billion for completion of Lyari Expressway .	completion
During 1877 and 1878 Alfred Giles and Arthur Giles overlanded stock for W. J. Browne to the Katherine River .	stock
Qualification rule : The first four finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next four fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the semifinals .	heat
The islands found , by now popularly called the Solomon Islands , had not revealed more than a few indications of gold .	islands
In 2012 , Clairton City Middle High School declined to Warning AYP status .	declined
Furthermore , there were some Fokker 's devices in depot .	devices
He expressed gratitude to everyone for their support , and said that they would fulfill every engagement for which they had signed .	expressed
If unforeseen problems arose and these were reasonable , Brassey would cover these additional costs .	costs
The Office of the Secretary of Defense is the approval authority .	authority
Avid canoers can travel through the river , traverse Crane Lake , and reach the open waters of the Georgian Bay about nine miles later .	waters
The Zimbabwean diaspora has a 95 % literacy rate in English and a very highly educated adult population .	adult
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international version of the classification .	classification
Guite performs as a singer and guitarist fronting the Cambridgeshire-based blues , rhythm and blues , and rock band " Mystery Train " .	guitarist
“ The Keel Line ” structure represents the length of the “ Naess Crusader ” the largest ship ever launched on the Wear .	represents
There have been two British Columbian / Canadian banks with the name Bank of British Columbia .	banks
The A- , B- , and C-chains are arranged in the order A-C-B on chromosome 1 .	arranged
The broad-striped anchovy is similar in appearance but grows to a larger size , up to 15 centimeters .	grows
Stephenson maintains homes in Preston Hollow , Dallas and Olmos Park , San Antonio , Texas .	homes
The judge rules that Priya will have to have the baby after which , custody goes to Sakhi .	judge
A circular chimney was then placed on the oval cross-section to get a free flow of air .	flow
The occurrence of such asexually produced eggs in sexual animals can be explained by a meiotic error , leading to automictically produced eggs .	sexual
In January 1996 , Mukasey sentenced Rahman and nine other defendants to terms that ranged from 25 years to life in prison .	sentenced
Between 1986 and 1990 , this figure rose to 7,638 .	rose
They determined that the dock would be at the end of its life span in 2019 .	determined
On November 2 , 2006 , " Women 's Wear Daily " published an article about Sledd and his " Ask a Gay Man " videos .	videos
The highway arrives at a T-intersection with Middletown Road ( Township Road 77 , TR 77 ) , at which point it turns to the east .	turns
While the Nibblonians have been fighting them since the beginning of the universe , they are powerless against the Brainspawns ' powers of stupidity .	powers
Zener pinning is the influence of a dispersion of fine particles on the movement of low- and high angle grain boundaries through a polycrystalline material .	fine
The two groups confronted each other to defend their positions through press , broadcasts and conferences .	press
Lego Mindstorms is a hardware software platform produced by Lego for the development of programmable robots based on Lego building blocks .	blocks
After Diana changed into her super powered alter ego , Genocide beat Wonder Woman nearly to the point of death and stole her Lasso of Truth .	beat
When not working directly with children , pediatric psychologists role included had a few other components .	components
A few weeks later she became leading woman in A.M. Palmer 's stock company , then considered the leading one in America .	stock
After the election , the composition of the council was :	composition
McAfee spent most of the 1932 season as the property of the Boston Braves , but playing under option with the Montreal Royals in the International League .	option
On occasion Sheppey were even able to challenge for the league title and in 1951 – 52 the club finished 3rd .	challenge
Rusoff and Corman reunited on " Day the World Ended " ( 1955 ) , a post-apocalyptic science fiction film , which was popular .	fiction
The price of the assembler was 139 DM ( 71 € ) .	price
Pulsation was also important in her works and could be described as a sequence of mental attitudes , with her attention being analysis and synthesis .	sequence
Brian Walker ( born May 4 , 1952 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player .	hockey
The Sheffield economy grew from £ 5.6 billion in 1997 ( 1997 GVA ) to £ 9.2 billion in 2007 ( 2007 GVA ) .	economy
Particularly this phenomenon has been seen in large-sized organizations and enterprises , where ICM is among the analytical tools used to provide more accountability .	tools
The conference attracts significant attention for the stimulating debate and high quality education it offers each year .	debate
As the door closes , she can hear him crying on the other side .	door
The shooting of " Disco Singh " began on 19 November 2013 in New Delhi apparently .	shooting
Ultra Magnus ' obsession with rules often serve as comic relief in the series .	comic
For instance , each year , the month of May is Museums Month in Guatemala , organised with the Ministry of Culture of Guatemala .	instance
Dempster signed a two-year contract worth $ 26.5 million with the Boston Red Sox after the 2012 season .	worth
Other evidence of Roman-British occupation and activity in the Berkhamsted area , includes a pottery kiln on Bridgewater Road .	occupation
She dated " Ghost Adventures " host Zak Bagans .	dated
He later wrote the four-issue miniseries , " Iron Man : Noir " , which debuted in April 2010 .	debuted
In 2001 , Cotto suffered a dangerous injury that threatened his boxing career .	threatened
In the final Ronaldo only was able to do a couple of his trademark runs thanks to an almost flawless defensive performance by Leboeuf .	defensive
On December 7 , 1962 , workers at the Richards Oil Plant in Savage forgot to open steam lines that heated oil pipes at the plant .	steam
Prior to entering Parliament , Angus was a chartered accountant in public practice for over 25 years , specialising in audit and investigations .	entering
Lavan was a graduate of Tufts University , Harvard Divinity School , and McGill University ( M.A .in Islamic Studies and Ph.D. in Comparative Religion ) .	graduate
From 1960 to 1978 , it was the campus of Stratford Academy , a segregation academy formed by white parents seeking to avoid racially integrated public schools .	avoid
Meghna Patel attended Vidhaya Vikas school and M.S.University Vadodara and studied to be graduate in commerce ( B.COM ) and she was very bright student .	graduate
Takalik Abaj was one of a series of early sites on or near the Pacific coastal plain that were important commercial , ceremonial and political centres .	coastal
Each WYOU weeknight broadcast started off with weather ( " StormCenter Weather " , another innovation ) and a shortened rundown of the day 's top stories .	weather
He earned a degree in Computer Science with Business Administration at Boston University , graduating in 1991 .	graduating
It has been suggested that this was a secondary Anglo-Saxon burial , placed at the camp .	suggested
The importance of Fezzan Road was reduced after paving the Mizda – Brak Road in the 1980s .	importance
We have heard the faithful assent to this in countless conversations in parish halls , lecture halls , and family gatherings .	heard
The village 's cricket club has played in the area for almost 120 years .	cricket
The company is organized into three product groups – consumer electronics , small domestic appliances and large household appliances .	domestic
This is an example of typical AmigaDOS command syntax :	typical
The first president was Lord Rosebery followed by Ben Cooper ( Cigar Makers Union ) and the first secretary was Tom Mann .	secretary
He accompanied Kamehameha II to Oʻahu in 1822 , serving as his personal attendant .	accompanied
Some castles , notably Azuchi , had keeps of as many as seven stories .	notably
He was commissioned a captain in the Northamptonshire Regiment of Militia on 27 September 1779 .	commissioned
To retranslate the seller of 5 million euros at the year end sport rate of $ 1.27 = $ 1 U.S. dollar .	sport
It lies directly beside Rotherham , from which it is separated largely by the M1 motorway .	separated
His tenth goal of the season , a header from James McFadden 's cross , came in a 5 – 1 defeat away to Manchester City .	cross
Following , Pierre rejoined the Legion in Mascara where he retook his passion , the instruction and forming of " les jeunes " legionnaires .	forming
The name " Meguro " , meaning " black eyes " , derives from the Meguro Fudō ( Black-eyed Fudō-myōō ) of Ryūsenji .	eyes
An extra point was awarded to the drivers who achieved a pole position or fastest race lap .	extra
The Turyanchay dam is 300 meters long .	meters
There is a train station in Creidlitz providing access to the lines of Coburg-Lichtenfels , Coburg-Nürnberg and Coburg-Kulmbach .	providing
Later he rose to the position of Senior State Counsel , Deputy Solicitor General , Additional Solicitor General and finally as the Solicitor General .	rose
Arguably , much of the confusion in the debates about economic reproduction is attributable to two basic errors :	basic
Yet he hit six sixes , three of which came after he completed his hundred .	hundred
Anti-German propaganda was also inspired by local and British companies who were keen to take the opportunity to eliminate Germany as a competitor in the Australian market .	opportunity
fumbles , 2 fumble recoveries , 4 passes defensed and one interception .	passes
He was married in 1955 to Elizabeth Folsom Leppert , in Scarsdale , New York ; they have 2 daughters and a son .	daughters
The patent claimed that " no thyristor action occurs under any device operating conditions " .	device
The common names " rice flower " and " sago bush " refer to the appearance of the flowers in bud .	flowers
Digital material found included graphic depictions of real-life occurrences of torture in Chechnya , and hundreds of bomb designs from the internet .	designs
Tsikhan was stripped of his silver medal on 5 December 2012 after drug re-tests of their samples were found positive .	drug
After their swim Nate and Dani attempt to kiss when Nate spots a shiny object beneath some leaves .	object
In the prequel comic to the second game , Wildcat is first seen becoming a parental figure for Black Canary and the alternate Green Arrow 's wedding .	comic
BMO , ignoring Officer Davis ' threat , heads over to Lorraine 's .	heads
Cambis was born to a noble family in Provence ; his father was the governor of the small town of Entrevaux .	governor
Ernest Severn and his brothers Raymond and Christopher all acted in the 1943 film " The Man from Down Under " .	acted
In the subsequent year , he initiated the reconstruction of the church of Saint Mary in today 's Crikvenica and built a monastery next to it .	subsequent
Kyle Jackson of Common Sense Media was disappointed , writing that , " JT is notably lacking the swagger that has made him an icon .	notably
Unlike most gays who populate the small screen , Castell was proud and that distinction led him to have a stable job and very good remuneración .	screen
It is derived from Serbian language and means a man from Rovca .	derived
Later Foster was branded an " obstructionist " in the matter of requiring food handlers , even small grocers , to be medically examined .	matter
Cadillac introduced the XLR at the 2003 Detroit Motor Show and began production in the 2004 model year — foreshadowed by the Evoq concept vehicle .	vehicle
Current policy permits establishments with eight-liners to offer only prizes of no greater than $ 5 to the winners of the games .	winners
Screening for the presence of an EFNB1 mutation is thus the most reliable method to establish the diagnosis CFND .	establish
Those caught by gill nets are usually dead when the nets are lifted .	caught
The most difficult distinction to draw is that between light rail and streetcar / tram systems .	rail
After his disappearance , local leaderships such as landowner Sinhozinho Malta and mayor Florindo , took profit on that to control the humble population .	mayor
Sher Shah Suri continued to rise in power , and seized Lahore in 1540 , though Humayun reconquered Lahore in February 1555 .	rise
He has served as the Democratic ranking member on the committee since January 7 , 1997 .	ranking
This was the first playoff game at Soldier Field since the stadium reopened .	stadium
America is ceasing to exist as a political unit .	exist
A large number of notable individuals , primarily supportive of the left-wing policies , participated in the conference .	policies
Growth revived somewhat during the 1970s .	somewhat
Larsen responded by saying there was a " clerical error " as his donation to the party was processed but his membership was not .	membership
In the wake of the Liberals ' February 1974 election successes , Thorpe asked for £ 50,000 to replenish the party 's funds .	funds
She travelled by ship across the Atlantic Ocean and disembarked in New York , on 18 October 1926 , accompanied by Prince Nicholas and Princess Ileana .	accompanied
In May 2018 , Aston Martin unveiled the DB11 AMR -- the replacement for the outgoing DB11 V12 which is more potent and performance-oriented than its predecessor .	replacement
His textbook , Contemporary Logic Design , has sold over 85,000 copies , and has been used at over 200 colleges and universities .	universities
It was used as a summer residence for over 300 years .	residence
The memorial complex of Kul Tegin was surrounded by a metre-wide wall .	surrounded
Even once the waters began to recede , the work in the region was not yet complete .	waters
They continued recording under both names , but toured only as The Cadets .	toured
Lwów , Poland , now Ukraine – 16 April 2017 ) was a modern Ukrainian-American scholar and historian .	historian
Wrykyn school had previously appeared in two novels :	novels
He didn 't return to action for Hampshire until June when he appeared in the County Championship against Worcestershire .	didn
Her hobbies includes horseback riding , hiking and playing tennis .	tennis
Along the river , the highway is parallel to the Dakota , Minnesota and Eastern Railroad ( DM & E Railroad ) .	parallel
In 1926 , Gee also founded the Chinese Revolutionary Artists ' Club , where he taught classes in advanced painting techniques and theory .	techniques
Making their way topside , the Illuminati disables the cargo elevator , killing Chew and leaving Cole bitten by one mutant , partially mutating him .	killing
The distance between the track centres makes a difference in cost and performance of a double-track line .	difference
The original 1549 BCP was itself a revision of the medieval forms of worship in use within the English Church prior to the Reformation .	medieval
In May 2009 MLB indicated that the Commissioner 's Office would review Dempster 's up-and-in pitch to Milwaukee Brewers slugger Ryan Braun .	indicated
In 1671 , a flour mill was put into operation .	mill
On August 14 , 2015 he achieved his first medal as a senior national team player - bronze in the European League .	bronze
Blaž Kavčič was the defending champion , but lost to his compatriot Aljaž Bedene in the second round .	defending
In 2008 , it consisted only of 100 multiple choice or short answer problems .	choice
Collins was in Darwin when it was struck by Cyclone Tracy in 1974 .	struck
The lands were allotted in newly developed suburbs in Hawke 's Bay , Taiser Town and Baldia Town .	lands
Unlimited started with just 40 students ( dubbed the " foundation forty " ) as well as 7 staff .	foundation
On average , Lee also accepts more than 200 transfer students each fall .	transfer
Typical techniques involve the use of lasers to add or subtract material from a bulk sample .	techniques
Educational programs target audiences ranging from K-12 to Graduate Students and Postdocs .	target
Farinata 's allies wanted to ensure that Florence would never again rise to threaten them .	rise
On June 29 , 2005 , Douglas enrolled at Florida State University , where coach Leonard Hamilton allowed him to play point guard .	guard
Latrocinio asks Ansaldo how he got Brandino 's suit .	asks
Players of all ages and both sexes compete on level terms .	compete
V / Line Passenger was franchised to National Express , returning to government ownership in 2002 .	ownership
Aperture cards have several advantages and disadvantages when compared to digital systems .	cards
Points were awarded to the top 20 classified finishers in all races .	classified
McKenzie played college soccer for Michigan State University from 2004 to 2007 .	soccer
They began their channel in 2010 and have over 60,000,000 views .	views
The most popular version of the F-Series is the F-150 , now in its thirteenth generation .	generation
Members of the PlumpyField network have access to better machinery and strengthen quality assurance in order to comply with international standards .	standards
In a very tense scene one evening , Cathy encourages Michael to kiss Lina .	evening
A Taste of Tequila is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker and the Mariachi Brass recorded in 1965 and released on the World Pacific label .	jazz
In 1945 , the anniversary of his death , called Prešeren Day , was declared as the Slovene cultural holiday .	anniversary
For the 2013 general election , Khan was made part of PML-N ’ s central parliamentary board tasked with selecting candidates for the election .	candidates
Inside the mine , von Stroheim usually shot at night between 9 pm and 6 am .	mine
The removable silicone sleeve wraps around the Wii Remote to provide users a better grip and cushioning .	users
Following which he had filed a fundamental rights case in the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka on the same .	filed
The fitting shop was designed to manufacture 40 locomotives a year and a total of 300 were produced in the next eight years .	shop
The properties were divided into 14 sheep paddocks and watered by six wells and three bores .	properties
A generation of dogs , a foolish , headstrong , disorderly race , has gone through my land .	generation
In addition to the funding of public health infrastructure during the early 1970s , there were many public discussions of biodefense .	funding
Parks conducted workshops for art teachers such as Sabrina Ward Harrison and SARK .	teachers
Ziyuan or Zi Yuan ( meaning " resources " ) is a series of remote sensing satellites operated by the People 's Republic of China .	resources
And alcohol is probably the worst drug of all .	drug
He got up , but Margarito continued landing combinations .	landing
used the signal in the 62 protein-coding genes assembled by Regier " et al . "	signal
Amyloidosis is an accumulation of insoluble proteins in tissues that impedes normal function .	normal
She did not rule on the alleged NSA database of domestic call detail records , citing the State Secrets Privilege .	domestic
A study published in September 2009 discussed a proof of concept experiment to determine if it was possible to identify causal genetic variants using exome sequencing .	determine
She had earlier placed seventh at Park City .	seventh
Despite a long history of theater and film performances , Ivey is often associated with her one-year run as B.J .	theater
Ravana is depicted as a strongly built man lifting the mountain with all his might .	strongly
Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer 's office .	owners
The reintroduction of the Imperial was two years after the Lincoln Continental was changed to a front-wheel drive sedan with a V6 engine .	drive
Although H1N1 activity in Maine has declined for the time being , H1N1 continues to circulate in Maine .	declined
The summer of 1905 saw a Swedish reaction , coercing Norway to undergo negotiations in Karlstad .	reaction
His writings appeared in the press , both in Israel and abroad .	press
The coastal area of the Seto Inland Sea is one of the most famous tourist destinations in Japan .	coastal
Horstmann died from heart disease in Canton , aged 67 .	aged
The contemporary home systems it was ported to had significantly less computing power .	significantly
Dynamo were the most powerful of all the sports societies , and this conferred certain advantages on the club .	powerful
Upper Nile University is one of the five ( 5 ) public universities in South Sudan .	universities
The 2000 CD reissue adds additional takes of both standards .	standards
Once , he makes a trip to Australia .	trip
Used as free alternative to proprietary software in French administration , managing almost 450 projects for 75 projects managers .	alternative
Males had a median income of $ 30,417 versus $ 37,188 for females .	versus
The new protein then folds up into its active form .	protein
She attempts to calm Chesney Brown ( Sam Aston ) down , after he is involved in a confrontation with Steve McDonald ( Simon Gregson ) .	attempts
The board represents the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea , which are divided up into six zones .	represents
With Toscanini I never felt anything spiritual .	felt
This was one of the longest-serving routes using this system and it was only replaced in 1938 by an omnibus with the route number 23 .	routes
The Internazionali di Tennis Castel del Monte is a tennis tournament held in Andria , Italy since 2013 .	tennis
John Olson is a forger associated with the FBI 's Operation Bullpen investigation .	investigation
The Brighton criteria do not replace the Beighton score but instead use the previous score in conjunction with other symptoms and criteria .	replace
Many advertised " Fish and Game Dinners " , and featured fish caught in Saratoga Lake and cooked immediately .	caught
In the 2002 Tour de France Moreau crashed on a descent on stage 15 and had to abandon again .	descent
To promote female chastity in every community , the government asked local leaders to nominate exemplary women and submit their biographies .	promote
The town walls enclosed an area of around 64 hectares .	walls
A 2014 Cochrane review found that the systemic safety of bevacizumab and ranibizumab are similar when used to treat neovascular AMD , except for gastrointestinal disorders .	safety
1995 she was ranked no 1 in the European ranking list .	ranking
Both searches lead in the same direction - a rich slumlord who is imprisoning the children 's immigrant parents .	rich
It is important in the field of singularity theory , as a simple local model of a pinch point singularity .	simple
Minhaj-i-Siraj Juzjani ( 13th century ) never identified Khalaj as Turks , but was careful not to refer to them as Afghans .	13th
TEK is more of a theoretical college , putting theoretical approaches to the questions of the society in front of bare statistical analysis , processing of data .	questions
From 2006 , loans covered the cost of tuition fees in addition to living costs .	costs
It featured the collaboration of new and veteran home rule advocates from all four Basque districts .	collaboration
These bugs become James ' companions in his adventure , prompted by a common hatred of the aunts and desire to escape from them .	escape
Kenia first broke onto the international scene in 2005 .	onto
District 's population : 6,106 ( 2002 Census ) ; The population of Volot accounts for 40.7 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
In 1980 , he was in the United States , holding art exhibitions in 21 cities including Boston and New York City .	holding
Damage was reported throughout Davis County , and extending into Weber and Salt Lake counties , ranging from Ogden down to Salt Lake City .	counties
All these names contain the Celtic root " sea " , which has the same meaning as in English .	contain
At the crucial moment of Clovis ' baptism , Remigius declared , " Bend down your head , Sicamber .	your
In Pool C four of the six matches were abandoned due to rain .	abandoned
Final turnout for the first round ( based on provisional figures ) was 87.8 % ( 15,108,950 voters ) .	figures
The costs for maternal care in that case were $ 183,081 and those for neonatal care were $ 34,703 .	costs
Sophie is a naughty little girl who lives with her parents , Monsieur and Madame de Réan .	girl
Several of his works were given to institutions such as Harvard University and Washington State University .	institutions
The track was engineered by Chris Godbey , and mixed by Jimmy Douglass , Godbey and Timberlake , with assistance from Alejandro Baima , at Larabee Studios .	assistance
One more special example of craftsmanship in early 15th-century Europe is the astrolabe designed by Antonius de Pacento and made by Dominicus de Lanzano , dated 1420 .	dated
These industries include media , agriculture , distribution of land , professional services , tourism , hotels , and construction .	agriculture
In 1567 , the toll was changed into a 1 – 2 % tax on the cargo value , providing three times more revenue .	providing
This second Illefarn is sometimes confused with another kingdom , Phalorm , a human-elf-dwarf alliance that existed in the same general region from 523 to 616 DR .	existed
The plan backfires , however , when Maria is attacked and injured by the man .	injured
Each of these vowels also exists in a long form and an overlong form which are phonemic .	exists
During World War II a row of houses was built in front of the synagogue to block the view .	block
Alongside this , marks from mooring ropes belonging to large transport barges can still be seen etched into the wall on the east side of the church .	transport
Scraping tools and flint spearpoints from nomadic Paleoindians hunters have been discovered in the Ocmulgee floodplain .	tools
However , as they did after the tough loss to UNC in the home opener , the Aggies re-focused and won 8 straight games .	straight
The victims , according to the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs , were :	victims
The puna flora is characterized by its unique assemblages of cushion and mat forming species .	forming
Depending on demand , 1.5 million to 5 million tons of salt are mined per year .	demand
The three books were focused more on situations , in this case business situations , than specific grammar .	focused
The deliverables used in this phase are of the # Decision point deliverable type .	phase
The courthouse was damaged during Hurricane Michael in October 2018 .	damaged
They tried to study the factors that underlie variability in temporal patterns , and the patterns of mortality and morbidity .	factors
Burton 's funeral was held May 23 in the Word of Faith Love Center in the East Point neighborhood of Atlanta .	neighborhood
The oldest known extant jettied timber-framed building in Great Britain , built between 1277 and 1297 , survives as a shop on the town 's high street .	shop
SAAP Tennis Complex has a central court that holds 4000 spectators and has seven courts with synthetic surface , a sophisticated Velodrome for cycling at Osmania University .	courts
Take , for example , a waveform that consists of the following values :	values
If the deceased was a wealthy or influential man , a big tree would be uprooted and the deceased would be buried there .	influential
Opened in September 2012 and is situated in Clayton , a suburb of Panama City .	suburb
Pulse oximetry technologies differ in their abilities to provide accurate data during conditions of motion and low perfusion .	motion
After wins against England and Scotland , Ireland took on Wales with a grand slam at stake .	wins
In 1829 he became one of the leaders of the " Ultra-Tories " who were opposed to Catholic emancipation in Ireland .	opposed
The Parliament of Georgia elects the Chairperson for its term by a majority of the total number of its members by secret ballot .	secret
Cantrell is a longtime supporter of MusiCares MAP Fund , which helps musicians who are struggling with addiction , financial and health issues .	musicians
Although the Greek contingent was defeated , they inflicted serious damage on the Persian army .	serious
Double high resolution also displays four pixels per cycle .	cycle
Saga refuses , but Marie-Louise persists in trying to rebuild their relationship .	trying
Matthias sought a long-term alliance with Venice .	sought
Extensive trade networks throughout North and West Africa created a medium through which Islam spread peacefully , initially through the merchant class .	spread
He began sewing his own designs at age thirteen .	designs
LFF renewed its operations in 1990 under its current name right after Latvia regained independence .	independence
In 1932 the Earl of Darnley compiled " Our Modern Orpheus " , a volume of essays paying tribute to Lascelles .	volume
as a 1952 summer replacement show , the only time it would be seen on TV .	replacement
Sihota also says that even if Larsen renews his membership he may be ineligible due to the controversy surrounding his federal candidacy in 2008 .	membership
In 2013 , these monitored intersections were found to be no safer than unmonitored ones .	ones
In 1962 in the lead up to independence , the Department was moved to the Ministry of State for Constitutional Affairs and Administration under then Hon .	independence
In " Samsara Sangeetham " , Silambarasan danced to a song singing " I am a Little Star , Aaaven Naan Super Star " .	singing
Russian sources list the deaths of 28,000 of the 49,000 Italian war prisoners ( according to them ) in Soviet Union 1942-1954 .	prisoners
Ghana wins the Rugby Afrique 2017 Regional Challenge - Group West 1	wins
Peripheral ossifying fibromas appear microscopically as a combination of a mineralized product and fibrous proliferation .	combination
Goddard began his career at Reading , progressing through the youth system before signing his first professional contract in 2011 .	signing
This was achieved through its coverage of major stories including the Knox Mine Disaster and U.S. Senate hearings on racketeering in the late 1950s .	coverage
in diameter and consists of 60 to 125 small , compact , fleshy , non-glandular leaves .	diameter
At the start of 2012 Rafaļskis left Baltika , returning to the Latvian Higher League and joining Daugava Daugavpils .	joining
The first player to the dealer 's right starts the next round .	starts
Experimentally elongated geometries are overwhelmingly observed and this fact has been attributed both to metal-ligand anharmonic interactions and 3d-4s hybridisations .	observed
Tolstoy was an over-procurator of the Holy Synod in 1865 – 1880 , simultaneously holding a post of the Minister of National Enlightenment in 1866 – 1880 .	holding
" Doyles In Town Pub " , James Joyce Pub Award , July 12th , 2011 < br >	12th
This sparked an international incident , and at the time the " rōjū " serving the shogunate were Sakai Tadakatsu , Matsudaira Nobutsuna , and Inoue Masashige .	incident
The sitter is not , however , wearing a wedding ring , suggesting she was not yet married .	ring
Normally , an application is compiled for different CPU architectures and operating systems to allow it to be compatible with the different system .	application
Parkes retired in 1958 , almost 50 years after his appointment to the Government Architect 's Branch .	appointment
The two generations of Bills continued the expansion of the company , and welcomed the birth of Elmer Jr. and Amy 's daughter , Bridget .	expansion
After losing to ASK Riga in the Eurocup preliminary rounds , Cholet competed again in the EuroChallenge .	rounds
The Spaniards were unable to get past Jan Gunnarsson and Michael Mortensen in the first round .	unable
No cool graphics , giveaways or steamy Paris Hilton videos for viewers to salivate over .	videos
The northern sections of the Avenue would be graded and cut through at various intervals throughout the 19th century as the northward development of the island demanded .	sections
The War Department and the White House reviewed the script , and both asked for changes .	script
On July 8 , 2007 , the magazine stopped printing True-Life Tales .	stopped
The men were furloughed until the 28th when final discharge papers were issued .	papers
It was adapted into the 1951 film " " , directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Fernandel , Maria Mauban and Fernand Sardou .	adapted
He is an ordained minister , lawyer , professor , published author , public speaker and senior administrator at Stanford University in Stanford , California .	lawyer
An example of these various processes together :	processes
The Bulgarian Navy 's first combat action was the 1912 Battle of Kaliakra during the First Balkan War , when the attacked and crippled an Ottoman cruiser .	combat
The album title was derived from frontman Justin Pierre misquoting a line ( " My dragon life " ) from the 2008 film " American Teen " .	derived
The plane has a range of and for some time was operated concurrently with the Il-18D ( range = ) .	plane
Actor Tom Hanks was also featured heavily in a pre-recorded segment encouraging viewers to support care packages for the troops .	heavily
Although the manuscript was in English , it was translated and published first in Denmark .	translated
In 1933 there were plans to demolish the ground and start again from scratch with a new 80,000 capacity stadium .	stadium
He also pursued a career in acting , screenwriting , producing , casting and directing .	producing
Quads are created by placing shapes in solid blocks of 3x3 or more .	blocks
Today the Foundation main house , annex pavilion , and surrounding gardens are accessible to the public by appointment only on guided tours .	appointment
Moreton Bay has an average depth of .	depth
It has one runway designated 16 / 34 with a concrete surface measuring 3,650 by 60 feet ( 1,113 x 18 m ) .	concrete
At that time 60 % of students statewide were on grade level in reading and math .	reading
He scored 68 not out in this game , but could not prevent Gloucestershire winning by 110 runs .	prevent
Bengali cuisine , which refers to the cuisine of Bangladesh and the West Bengal state of India , includes curries , including seafood and fresh fish .	refers
However the Tuareg shifted the production to another mine called Taghaza al-ghizlan ( Taghaza of the gazelles ) .	mine
Montluçon is close to the " Méridienne verte " ( an architectural project marking the Paris meridian ) and to the Greenwich meridian .	architectural
Barbara eventually drags Michael underwater to their deaths , thus ending the Mallens story .	ending
Orpheus announced on 26 April 2013 that they would be changing their name to " Orpheus Omega " in order to prevent potential copyright issues overseas .	prevent
The main column arrived at noon with the baggage train just behind .	column
The band won the competition , and used the prize money to help fund their studio , Red Sky Studio .	prize
Even still , citywide reports of both property and violent crimes have declined by nearly half since their most recent highs in the mid-1990s .	declined
As the match nears its end , Tommy has brought the American team within two points of outright victory , and Dae Han can barely stand .	stand
It also broadcasts WWE shows RAW and Smackdown and its monthly pay per views .	views
The rear arch in the south doorway is round-headed .	rear
Vilday said that on hearing the screams she had gone to the flat and found White dead inside .	flat
The Supreme Court denied certiorari in an order issued April 28 , 2014 .	denied
Rauwshan Isaam McKenzie ( born November 19 , 1986 in Stamford , Connecticut ) is an American soccer player .	soccer
The M3 was the solution .	solution
The Presidency armies transferred to the direct authority of the British Crown and its European units were transferred to the British Army .	authority
( Original description ) The shell has an elongate-conic shape .	shape
Ever since I first came here in 1954 I have watched Australia grow and develop at an extraordinary rate .	grow
The cottage is unique in its architectural features .	architectural
The long conical teeth , which in spinosaurines did not possess serrated edges , were suitable for grabbing and holding prey .	holding
She allegedly developed her powers at the age of 24 by breathing and meditation exercises .	powers
Malla Jaqhi is also the name of an intermittent stream which originates east of the mountain .	stream
Some lines described as " subway " use light rail equipment .	rail
It is among the relatively few anole species where females may lay their eggs together , forming a communal nest .	forming
The centreboard is metal , and the rudder is removable , either fixed ( i.e .	fixed
Two years later , contract discussions happened again , among the usual suspects .	happened
Later , the Planet Express staff discusses an ominous trail of destroyed planets leading toward Earth .	toward
Jung demonstrates his thesis by an investigation of the Christian fish symbol , and of Gnostic and alchemical symbolism .	investigation
The palace is now owned by a foundation of the State of Schleswig-Holstein and houses the State Art and Cultural History Museum and the State Archeological Museum .	foundation
A boulevard in Karşıyaka district of Izmir and streets in Uşak and in Keçiören , Ankara are named after him .	streets
Both styles can be used simply as a social gathering and communal practice session .	session
He became the Silver Ghost , the first superhero , a secret spy for the War Department who helped end the Great War months early .	secret
The company started out making muscle cars , European sedans , and transport trucks from the USA in the early 1970s .	transport
The only person who is able to stop his rise is Agamiţă Dandanache , an old 1848 revolutionary .	rise
He rebounded the following year and retained his title at the 2008 African Championships and earned a place on the South African Olympic team .	retained
A crushed human skull with finger , arm , and leg bones was found in association with a horse tooth .	horse
The top four runners in each of the initial six heats automatically qualified for the second round .	qualified
Once the spark is lit , the tribe is overjoyed .	tribe
The Symphony had been quite innovative in its 50 years prior to the merger .	quite
Morlar seems able to keep himself alive by sheer willpower .	seems
A replacement Workers ' Dwelling Act in that year allowed landless urban workers to build a house on a deposit of just £ 10 .	replacement
For example , he helped complete the Muscettola chapel in the church of Santa Maria della Stella , now no longer extant .	chapel
At Ajdabiya , on the borders of Barqa , he is reported to have cooked and eaten the heads of fifteen of his enemies .	heads
In the late 1970s , the educational component of the Blackstone Institute changed from a School of Law to a legal assistant / paralegal program of study .	educational
In 2010 , his film " Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa " , directed and written by Gautham Menon , became a Tamil ' cult classic ' film .	classic
As a child he studied piano with his mother .	piano
The site is delimited by the extent of the original Carolingian monastery , of which only the westwork remains standing today .	standing
Widowed in 1916 , she volunteered to enter the military medical corps as the only physician available to the " Militärkommando " .	enter
In 1958 , he was drafted into the U.S. Army .	drafted
The Ufologist organisation UFO-Québec has claimed Mont Saint-Hilaire to be the central hub of all UFO observations in southern Quebec .	organisation
The picture originally was slated to be released by Monogram Studios .	picture
Blow is also working to support devices with high dynamic range ( HDR ) for both PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 4 Pro .	devices
Within the framework of administrative divisions , Leninsky District is one of the twenty-three in the oblast .	divisions
Chris " Flict " Aparri ( credited as " Flict " ) handled the production for the three tracks .	credited
North Koreans refer to themselves as " Joseon-in " ( ) or " Joseon-saram " ( ) , both of which literally mean " Joseon people " .	mean
He had several of his wives executed by strangulation , immurement , dismemberment and other means .	executed
Creature suits are realistic costumes used to disguise a performer as an animal , monster , or other being .	animal
Johnny Connor , played by Richard Hawley , made his first screen appearance on 5 October 2015 .	screen
In 1824 John was committed to the Marshalsea , a debtors ' prison in Southwark , London .	committed
Posterior corneal dystrophies - " Fuchs corneal dystrophy " presents during the fifth or sixth decade of life .	decade
By late 2006 , the firm changed its strategic approach and began a business-to-business focus with white label software tools .	tools
At the distal end of each metula , conidium-bearing structures called phialides form .	structures
The story concerns the lives , loves and friendship of three Texas cheerleaders starting from high school to post college graduation .	concerns
The Canadian Bank of Commerce grew through acquisitions of other banks in Canada :	banks
The worms were originally transferred through the horticultural trade , probably in the soil bulbs of European plants being carried to the Americas .	soil
Two factors common to all savanna environments are rainfall variations from year to year , and dry season wildfires .	factors
The system has a combined apparent magnitude of + 4.74 , making it faintly visible to the naked eye .	visible
Eventually the Ice King ( voiced by Tom Kenny ) arrives and halts Gunter 's reign .	reign
The group involved in the incident have been banned by British Airways for " the foreseeable future . "	incident
The North – South Centre acts as Secretariat and monitors the Euro-Med Women Network launched in 2012 .	acts
Violence erupted across Northern Ireland that evening as news from Portadown reached nationalist areas .	evening
At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .	existence
In 2003 , he placed seventh and earned All-America honors at the national wrestling meet .	seventh
However , much of the information held by organisations is on paper and this needs to be integrated within the same document repository .	needs
The Perlentaucher magazine also cooperates with the website Salon run by the Slovak organisation Project Forum .	organisation
As an Australian national consciousness began to emerge , several flag movements were formed and unofficial new flags came into common usage .	flag
The government constructed 40 hospitals , employed over 120 physicians , and treated well over one million sick and dying former slaves .	treated
According to Steve , he played the year with a torn groin and a broken hand .	broken
Korostenskiy ‘ s refined talent in the sphere of visual portrayal were first noticed at the most prestigious European professional community gathering in Berlin , Berlinale .	visual
The much hyped standing start was shifted from Race 1 to Race 2 after Josef Newgarden stalled on the grid for the Saturday race .	standing
This has other effects too , such as dynamic load transfer .	transfer
In addition , given that Bonifacio only has two secured works , it is nearly impossible to determine his style with such a small sample size .	determine
It was established in 1973 as a hardcover book series , and became a quarterly peer-reviewed journal in January 2000 .	journal
The name " The Salvation Army " developed from an incident on 19 and 20 May .	incident
There were 195 species of birds , 6 species of amphibians , and several reptile species as well .	birds
She is known for singing about Rwanda .	singing
Herd numbers are decreasing as a result of habitat loss and fragmentation .	habitat
This variety astonishingly shows good sustainability in the climate of the Ganges Delta .	climate
Lean meat from fish or land animals is first separated or minced .	separated
For their part , the numbers of Egyptian armored forces within 16th Division 's bridgehead severely dwindled .	16th
She finished her international career with 4 caps to her credit .	credit
Betty 's Bunch was a short ( 13 episodes , ½ hour each ) TV drama / adventure series from New Zealand , produced in 1989 .	hour
The station is also close to Kajang 's historic core , the Sungai Chua ward and the junction between Semenyih Highway and Jalan Reko .	core
Oliver also released a version of " Sunday Mornin ' " which reached # 35 in the US charts in 1969 .	charts
He also had one reception for two yards and two kick returns for 47 yards .	returns
His first hundred came up in 72 minutes and 80 balls and included nine fours and four sixes .	hundred
It lies in an offshore oil producing area .	producing
As a result , the University of Alberta campus chaplains published a joint letter of recrimination .	joint
Credits for " Reflection " adapted from AllMusic .	adapted
North of Montañita 's little town is a small mountain often called the Point that separates its beach from Olon , Montañita 's neighboring town .	beach
Village clubs and societies include Clavering Players , an amateur drama company that began life in 1945 as Cheerio 's Concert Party .	amateur
It is home for over 18 businesses and dormitories for Philadelphia University .	businesses
JD Albert ( born April 18 , 1975 ) is an American engineer , inventor , and educator .	engineer
The construction of the parliament building started in 1938 and completed in 1953 , when Georgia was still a part of Soviet Union .	parliament
The M-388 , a W54 nuclear warhead variant , weighed less than 60 pounds .	nuclear
The bill is aimed at limiting the size and growth of the federal government .	bill
The STS was the successor to the Cadillac Seville .	successor
Rob 's music is a unique and stunning fusion of classical and popular music styles .	classical
Later on Michael becomes engaged to another woman and Barbara learns of her true parentage .	engaged
Recent films , normally delayed one quarter from their nationwide release date , are shown on weekends .	quarter
Some men like Jose R. Zaragoza served on missions on some lonely atolls .	missions
Lul participated in the BBC HARDtalk giving some insights to problems with South Sudan 's unmitigated disaster among many other controversial questions on South Sudan .	questions
The manufacturer is a joint venture between Chinese internet company Qihoo 360 and telecommunications equipment manufacturer Coolpad .	joint
Mikhail Trepashkin started working for the KGB in 1984 as an investigator of underground trade in stolen art .	underground
The Alouettes had nine selections in the seven-round draft , including three within the first 13 picks .	draft
Interest developed strongly at Ipswich .	strongly
Howard of Effingham in Essex 's absence were given the command of the fleet to make sure the threat was alleviated .	fleet
His body was riddled with some twenty bullets .	twenty
In September 2013 , he was named as President of HLN replacing Scot Safon .	replacing
The hot flue gas exits the regenerator after passing through multiple sets of two-stage cyclones that remove entrained catalyst from the flue gas .	passing
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
The end of the relay was the closing to the 2016 Summer Olympics opening ceremony .	ceremony
For example , the spinning machine started a need for printing and dyeing , and the designing of the cotton gin .	machine
Nevertheless , when coherent beam is used for imaging , the point spread function can be modeled mathematically .	spread
In 1894 , a new church was erected , with the old church serving as the parochial school .	erected
He was appointed secretary to the Bimetallic Commission of 1897 .	secretary
Ramachandran has conducted several hundreds of spoken samskritam " shibhirams " for the general public .	spoken
The Calafia Airlines fleet consists of the following aircraft ( as of August 2018 ) :	fleet
Line 1 of the Mumbai Metro passes through Asalfa .	passes
They then drove the Norwegians back until the artillery from the positions at Lier effectively intervened and the Swedish attack broke down .	artillery
Lopez performed the track along with several other hits during a July 2013 concert in Hyde Park , London .	hits
The deal includes a $ 1 million signing bonus .	signing
First one is the device concept discovered by J. D. Plummer in 1978 .	device
Don has received several threatening letters advising him to join the legion .	letters
Otherwise , the entire estate would go to Clark 's greedy brother , who is determined to thwart the plan .	determined
In 2016 , a memorial to Martin Luther King , Jr. was erected in the park .	erected
As such , it has a Board of Advisors , director , and staff assigned to carry out the organization 's mission .	carry
In 1999 , the American Film Institute named Dietrich as the ninth-greatest female star of classic Hollywood cinema .	classic
At first , the Protestants purchased the support of Duke Frederick I of Württemberg by accepting from him a loan of 300,000 florins .	loan
In addition to these managed pressures , deep water coral reefs are also vulnerable to unmanaged pressures ( e.g .	deep
The professionalization of roles such as nursing and social work in the early 20th century undercut its mission of using lightly trained amateurs .	trained
James is trained within the army but he is found to be unfitting as a soldier and Colonel Townsend is particularly displeased with him .	trained
This relation permits economically important nondestructive testing of bulk metal deliveries with lightweight , even portable equipment , such as hand-held Rockwell hardness testers .	testing
His two sons , Isaac and Hedd , are commemorated on a " c . " early-twelfth-century stone cross discovered in 1891 in St David 's Cathedral .	cross
Letters to the editor often provided additional story background .	background
After Cordero gained his freedom when the Allied troops defeated the Japanese returned to the United States .	freedom
This is because the section still generating considerable lift is further forward .	considerable
102 JAMZ did an on-stage tribute during the show , asking for a moment of silence in his honor .	honor
So , there are still important differences in performance of pulse oximeters during challenging conditions .	differences
Tom is accused and locked up in his own jail .	accused
It also grows in the warmer rainforests with a high humidity .	grows
" This Is Not a Movie " premiered at the Morelia International Film Festival and was released in Mexico on January 28 , 2011 .	premiered
In mathematics , metric dimension may refer to :	mathematics
Alice in Chains also paid tribute to Cornell on the one year anniversary of his death on May 18 , 2018 .	anniversary
He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the fourth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
Then , the sack with its inhabitants was thrown into the water .	inhabitants
A series of treaties with France fixed the country 's current eastern border with Laos and Cambodia .	fixed
Briggs was apparently recommended as a compromise candidate acceptable to different factions within the party ( one controlled by Webster , the other by Abbott Lawrence ) .	controlled
The height of the leaves may exceed one metre and that of the inflorescence , one and a half metres .	height
making Gustav the third wettest tropical cyclone to affect the state since 1972 .	tropical
In 1945 a one-story ell was added in the rear of the building .	rear
He dramatized Émile Gaboriau 's " Monsieur Lecoq " , and alone or in collaboration wrote several comedies and many monologues .	collaboration
To the south-east of the station lies St Philip 's Marsh depot that services the Great Western Railway fleet .	fleet
On June 11 , 2010 , Ramos attended the Miss Earth Guam pageant as a special guest .	guest
After Paul Allen brought the club , Glickman 's son Marshall , were promoted to Senior Vice-President and Marshall was ultimately named president in 1994 .	ultimately
In addition to his primary focus , Badessi was also interested in the relationship that builds between the photographer and the model during a nude photo-session .	interested
There are three main ways to test for Trichomoniasis .	ways
Hayden proved to be a reliable player by starting all 16 games an playing solid against the run .	proved
An example would be a company making an investment into a pharmaceutical company through the acquisition of a healthcare product or service royalty .	investment
The primary instigator of inner growth is the intimacy sphere in stages I and II .	stages
At the time , she was working in the weapons department while Eugene worked in the computing division .	weapons
Bagrat had to buy peace through marrying his niece off to Alp Arslan .	peace
A de-esser helps reduce high frequencies that tend to overdrive preemphasized media ( such as phonograph records and FM radio ) .	reduce
A day later he scored on his debut as " the Seasiders " beat Barnsley 1 – 0 at Oakwell .	beat
The 9P135M missile launcher is mounted towards the roof and is also dismountable .	roof
Smuggling operations as well as saloons and gambling houses became increasingly common .	increasingly
The Gorey Guardian and the Gorey Echo are both local newspapers .	newspapers
English , French and Dutch pirates established settlements on the islands .	islands
They believe Becky killed them as an act of vengeance including Vladimir because he witnessed the encounter and realize Greg could be next because he recorded it .	believe
" Chambaili " has been credited with galvanizing non-voters and youth to vote in the 2013 Pakistani general elections , which had a large turnout .	credited
With this technology , planes were able to call in accurate artillery fire and act as forward observers in warfare .	artillery
Participants must not be older than 21 years and can enter the competition either on their own or in teams of up to three .	enter
In 2001 , a national recovery plan listing several actions to aid in the recovery of the species was published .	actions
The basic preparation method is to add tibicos to a sugary liquid and allow it to ferment 24 to 48 hours .	basic
These include neural network models and their integration with gene network models .	gene
The seat was vacated when Justice Will T. Scott resigned to run for Governor .	resigned
At this point , navy ground crewmen can be seen walking close to the camera .	camera
However , due to late production and release of the music video , the audience was unaware of the record 's release in the market .	audience
Turbomole also comes with another significant additions including nonadiabatic molecular dynamics , ultra-efficient higher order CC methods , new density functionals and periodic calculations .	methods
" , Sava wrote that " James Baxter the Horse " was an episode that " looked at this show ’ s musical philosophy " .	philosophy
1912 in organized crime and the	crime
During 1963 and 1964 a Royal Commission was held into alleged police protection of a call-girl service operating out of the National Hotel in Brisbane .	protection
Brooks ' editor was Lester del Rey , who used the book to launch Ballantine 's new Del Rey Books imprint / subsidiary .	launch
He also stated that he took a break from wrestling as he was not happy with the backstage politics in WCW that were happening at the time .	break
Yellowbank Creek is a stream in Georgia , and is a tributary of the Soque River .	stream
Prior to the album 's release , the band toured with Adema .	toured
He was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the fourth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
He was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the fourth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
It was also argued about the renaming in " New Democratic Party of Germany " .	argued
This album consists of nine extemporaneous pieces for solo acoustic guitar .	pieces
The restored version has been released in the UK on Blu-ray and DVD by Network Distributing .	restored
There were waiting lists for her classes .	lists
General Dagworthy , who died in 1829 , is buried in the chapel 's cemetery .	chapel
" Parksosaurus " was named in his honor by Charles M. Sternberg in 1937 .	honor
Marcelino 's mother , Cecilia Elósegui Ayala , came from a distinguished and much branched Gipuzkoan family .	distinguished
Ugbo witnessed modern developments in water resources through the construction of Ugbo Dams and Water projects .	resources
Sound of Pop represents many musical artists .	represents
St. Servatius Church in Kampung Sawah , Indonesia received the relics of Servatius from Maastricht in its establishment date on October 6 , 1996 .	establishment
The $ 25 million ( $ present day dollars ) , facility on a far corner of Airport property began operations in November 2008 .	corner
It has a museum and chapel , and tours are available .	chapel
The number of participants grew over the years , with a peak in 1989 when 7090 people enrolled .	peak
The new station buildings were largely constructed from concrete .	concrete
The city 's electric department is a member of the Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation ( DEMEC ) and purchases its power from the PJM Power Grid .	electric
Kōgake could be covered with small iron plates or chainmail .	iron
The Rennerdale section of the Panhandle Trail includes a quarry and pond where a stage has been erected using original stones from the quarry .	erected
One account indicates that a military search for guerrillas in the forest was underway when the massacre started .	search
The company provided WAP and GPRS services under the " O Active " brand .	brand
Bernard Edwards of Chic used the StingRay bass almost exclusively .	bass
It was built in 1870-72 and is a lavish and imposing , two story rectangular brick building in the Italianate style .	brick
It offers the following functions :	functions
Frequent fires in the Central Plains region of the United States prevented oak forests , including " Q. alba " , from expanding into the Midwest .	forests
From there , Graham 's path to California is unclear .	path
It is a ball-shaped bun containing pork or chicken meat , onions , eggs , mushrooms and vegetables , in Vietnamese cuisine .	containing
Males had a median income of $ 30,700 versus $ 22,100 for females .	versus
From the start of the first serious discussions of the idea , it took thirteen years and $ 166 million to get WES operational .	serious
Bernardo began acting in 2003 , appearing as the young Cielo on ABS-CBN 's " It Might Be You " .	appearing
Some studies show association of schizophrenia with the CHRNA7 and CHRFAM7A genes , which code for alpha7 subunit of nicotinic receptors , but other studies are negative .	negative
Filmography includes Comedia Moderna , for Canada 's cinematic underground , funded in part by the Bravo television network .	underground
In 1636 a survey found that all of the towers were effectively beyond repair .	beyond
On November 6 , 2009 , the board voted to fire Jones from his position as president .	voted
This called for changing the impounded water several times in one plot ( during pauses in the monsoon rains ) , without using any chemicals .	plot
Distribution by e-mail falls within the definition of distribution , as does the placing of an obscene article on a website .	falls
Hogland 's tourist industry is growing in importance , with most tourists coming from St. Petersburg , and some from Finland .	importance
It has also become sparingly naturalized in scattered locations in Argentina , Canada , and the United States .	locations
The machine competes with the worker , diminishing the use-value of the worker 's labor-power .	machine
The phrase light rail was coined in the 1970s during the re-emergence of streetcars / trams with more modern technology .	rail
Approximately 30 million years ago , a large caldera was formed when overlying rock collapsed into an underground lava chamber .	underground
For fear of spies and deserters in the fleet , only the high command knew , and they were taking no chances .	fleet
His first film production credit was on Virgo 's 1993 short film " Save My Lost Nigga Soul " .	credit
His car was in red livery with yellow stripes and raced as No .	yellow
Since 1985 Gelb has been a faculty member at the University of Washington in the Departments of Chemistry and Biochemistry .	faculty
The title , which was the sixth Australian Formula Ford Championship , was won by Adam Macrow driving a Spectrum 06 .	driving
Other difficulties arose from the severity of the Canadian winter , the waterways being frozen for around six months each year , and resistance from Canadian businessmen .	resistance
In 1966 , Vyjayanthimala starred in " Do Dilon Ki Dastaan " , which failed at the box office .	starred
Jake suggests that the next stage in a relationship is kissing .	suggests
Marshall F. Tymn also thought that it contained quality prose .	contained
A dynameter is an instrument that measures the magnification of a telescope .	measures
The climate is desertic , with only 3mm precipitation a year and temperatures of 25.5C maximum and 17.1C minimum .	climate
However , privacy advocates were especially concerned and Intel chose to remove the feature in later versions .	chose
Bukharian Jews numbered 88 persons .	persons
The town of Hopewell , Virginia was largely developed by the DuPont Company using Aladdin homes .	homes
It is one of the foods for which a standard of identity is specified according to the Food and Drug Regulations .	identity
" I believe that a good melody means everything .	believe
" See also : " List of Canadian banks	banks
High school student Kaede Akamatsu is kidnapped and awakens in the Ultimate Academy for Gifted Juveniles , where she meets fellow student Shuichi Saihara and 14 others .	meets
Beaufront remained a proponent of Ido thereafter , and wrote the influential Ido grammar " Kompleta Gramatiko Detaloza " , published in 1925 .	influential
He was a prominent Union leader in Maryland and worked to prevent the secession of the State during the American Civil War .	prevent
The brewery draws the water necessary to the making of the beers from a pure water spring in the Ardennes .	necessary
In 1937 Hermann Nuding and Herbert Wehner were jointly commissioned by the Comintern leadership to compose a diatribe entitled " Trotskyism and Fascism " .	commissioned
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Jack Wilson .	eliminated
The film opens with a bustling city street , where a young woman commits suicide by jumping from a building ledge to her death .	suicide
He has expressed admiration for Anders Breivik , the far-right terrorist , who is " the hero Norway deserves " .	expressed
Postcoital bleeding can be due to trauma after consensual and non-consensual sexual intercourse .	sexual
This ended 5 years of negotiations between county and state officials .	officials
The cost of expansion and construction was to reach more than $ 72 million .	expansion
A first success is achieved in January 2010 with the change of legislation in the United States .	legislation
The IRA claimed a number of actions in response to the Drumcree crisis .	actions
The recording session took place at United Artists Recorders in Hollywood , on October 23 , 1968 .	session
In " Rebellion " , Ultra Magnus leads the assault on Darkmount , where Predaking is sent through a Ground Bridge into the Antarctic .	leads
Sutcliffe 's few surviving works reveal influence from the British and European abstract artists contemporary with the Abstract Expressionist movement in the United States .	surviving
The conference champions played a best-of-7 series for the Calder Cup .	champions
Stephen Grinspoon treated HIV lipodystrophy and associated metabolic syndrome with insulin-sensitizing agents .	treated
Founded in 1817 , Johnsons is a provider of specialist dry cleaning , key cutting and photo services across 198 branches in the United Kingdom .	branches
Immediately afterwards , the client for the episode declares which team performed the best .	afterwards
Lute Song is a 1946 American musical with a book by Sidney Howard and Will Irwin , music by Raymond Scott , and lyrics by Bernard Hanighen .	lyrics
HyTime ( " Hypermedia / Time-based Structuring Language " ) is a markup language that is an application of SGML .	application
The local memory was 4MBytes with 100ns 1Mbit DRAM .	memory
The first three races once ruled all-powerful empires .	ruled
Palomo rises from an elevation of about , and it covers a surface area of .	elevation
Rattlesnake Creek joins Spring Brook upstream of its mouth .	mouth
In August 2010 she returned to the courts preparing for the US Open Series .	courts
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the flyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Willy Kaiser .	eliminated
She returned to Wakanoura Wan before setting her course for Okinawa on 31 October .	setting
The optimal values of the decision variables can be recovered , one by one , by tracking back the calculations already performed .	values
There are also plans to move the extension terminus to San Juan , La Union and will be divided into three segments , namely :	extension
A field to the north of the hall was chosen as the ideal location to construct the new set huts .	hall
Complex shape of interface can be captured in the computer models .	shape
The King 's Lynn Ferry has linked West Lynn to the main part of King 's Lynn since 1285 .	linked
Ukrainian media claimed that Pushilin 's highest stage of formal education is secondary education .	formal
The Israelites were to assign the Levites 48 towns in all , of which 6 were to be Cities of Refuge to which a manslayer could flee .	towns
Consolidation of central administrations into one would not require the closing of any schools .	require
Ajay Sharma , in his first season , scored a hundred and took Delhi into the lead with nine wickets down .	hundred
A greater number of Halligen existed in the Middle Ages than in the 21st century .	existed
4 High School where they learned Chinese language and cultural with SAYA Chinese students and travelled with their Chinese peers .	learned
together , in which , drawing from David Hume , they construct a view of philosophy as both based on experience and a quasi-virtual world .	philosophy
He said " There 's a really amazing chemistry between them . "	really
Subsequently , he posted every two weeks , and each video ran four to five minutes .	posted
Several species in the genus " Atalantia monophylla " have been used in traditional medicine , such as the Ayurvedic system from India	medicine
Cantrell also cited Soundgarden as a big influence on him .	cited
The girls and men are involved with the annual Yorkshire Cathedrals ' Girls ' Choirs ' Festival and hosted the Festal Evensong in March 2015 .	girls
Colorado is disturbed that Steven viciously beats the sharks that he has caught with a club .	caught
Mostly , homogenous expansion or contraction in all directions can result a change of conditions .	expansion
TJEd prescribes a distinct approach for students of different developmental ages .	distinct
The gun could elevate to 47 degrees for a maximum range of .	degrees
Orange County was renamed from Mosquito County for the fruit that constituted the county 's main commodity crop .	fruit
The update was calculated using two factors :	factors
Neblett was an artist in residence and voice instructor at Chapman University in Southern California .	residence
, her website , Komando.com , serves 2.7 million unique visitors each month and she sends 500 million newsletters per year to subscribers .	visitors
Agricultural museums often specialize in one or more of three aspects of the farm-food process .	aspects
It covers approximately 39 % of the total land mass and holds a significant Ijaw population .	mass
In 1948 over 700 babies were delivered at the hospital .	delivered
It is in a retrograde 1100 x 1105 km orbit inclined by 123 degrees , an orbital configuration indicating it is a SAR satellite .	degrees
The 315th Fighter Squadron is an active squadron of the United States Air Force .	squadron
IIT was formally inaugurated by Begum Khaleda Zia the then prime minister of Bangladesh on 21 September 1995 .	formally
Sare Jahan Se Achcha is a patriotic poem of the Urdu language	poem
Starting in September , the frigate accompanied the destroyers and on a cruise through South East Asia .	accompanied
He performed a release show in downtown Oakland for the EP .	downtown
Founded in 2007 to organize those who live East of the Park and participate in the Chicago Police Department 's CAPS Beat 1423 initiatives .	participate
This near removal of entire ecological communities , such as the South West Slopes Box gum Woodlands , can greatly pressure some individual species .	greatly
These are the 10 forms as standardized by Gu , comprising the " core " of the system , sometimes known as the Ten Classical Forms .	core
Now worried about Tracy , Jack refuses to leave , and a majority of the others vote to stay .	stay
He started his musical career playing the " bansi " ( Indian flute ) , guitar and piano at the Dhaka center of All India Radio .	piano
The full preliminary round , as well as highlights from the event , is available over Xbox Live via their YouTube and MSN applications .	applications
Edward declared war in 1276 , and afterwards enforced the division of inheritance on Llywelyn under Welsh law .	afterwards
Additionally , higher rates of adherence result in economic benefits .	rates
Besides ethnic Azerbaijanis , there were also Jews and Lezgis killed and buried during March Days in 1918 .	ethnic
It is never established exactly why the Wolfram & Hart employees are re-animated as zombies .	employees
" Riddle " was transferred to France on 12 August 1950 under the Military Assistance Program and was struck from the Navy List on 26 September 1950 .	struck
The copy of command.com pointed to by the COMSPEC environment variable may also be altered .	environment
The group released a live DVD in 2009 , which peaked at number 5 on the ARIA Top 40 Music DVD chart .	peaked
He scored another goal in a thrilling 5-4 victory for Sportul Studențesc against Dinamo Bucharest , beating Dinamo goalkeeper Cristian Munteanu in the last minute .	minute
The villagers constructed their houses of adobe , building them first on the hill and later expanding the village site eastward and westward .	hill
This was set up to help in eliminating dishonest seed suppliers selling one seed as another and to keep any given variety true .	selling
Sallis has been influenced by French New Novelists including Michel Butor and Robbe-Grillet .	influenced
Meredith Sutton opted for the job and Sam agreed until he found out a minute later that she had tampered with the exercise .	minute
Node.js uses an event loop for scalability , instead of processes or threads .	processes
The man singing at the bar was actually a physicist named Gene Rainey , who is working on a formula to stop time .	singing
There were no pigs , horses , dogs , cows , or rats .	horses
Her jewelry typically includes items on fingers , wrists , neck and ears ( which may have bells ) .	items
The project and its facilities are currently maintained and operated by ACME sanitation and solutions .	maintained
" Angel Square " is set in the Lower Town area of Ottawa , and portrays the futility of the racial tensions between the neighbourhood 's children .	racial
Conventional warships used in low-intensity or humanitarian relief operations proved costly , with their heavy equipment and large crew .	proved
Christopher Sommers as actor unless otherwise stated	otherwise
He was also a candidate for the John Mackey Award presented to the nation 's best tight end .	nation
The Bahraini King 's Cup is a cup competition involving teams from the Bahraini Premier League and 2nd tier .	involving
The hallmark for Reaganomics was , in part , the wide-scale deregulation of corporate interests , and tax cuts for the wealthy .	interests
In 1855 , he secured the ownership and became the editor of the newspaper .	ownership
Qualification rule : The first four finishers in each heat ( Q ) moved on to the final .	heat
Souris – Northwest Territories territorial electoral district ( 1870 – 1905 ) .	electoral
This mistake was rectified by later authors , who sank " Hargeria " back into " Hesperornis " and renamed the more distinctive specimen " Parahesperornis " .	authors
As of 1985 , Agdam Mugham School functions in Azerbaijan , which produced the " Karabakh Nightingales " mugham ensemble .	functions
However , the government still seems to control much media and its content .	seems
The event was hosted by MLG and took place at the Century Link Field Event Center in Seattle , Washington from April 13 – 15th 2018 .	15th
Cox also supplied a specially printed " Banana .049 " box insert to fit their standard box .	printed
Roger Ebert praised it , giving it four stars out of four .	praised
Vorpal is a nonsense word from the 1872 poem " Jabberwocky " by Lewis Carroll .	poem
North Florida Technical College ( Bradford-Union Technical Center ) , a tertiary institution managed by the school district , is in Starke .	institution
Generally , the speed range for conventional rail is or less .	rail
The station is currently owned by John Bushman , through licensee ICA Radio , Ltd . , and features programming from Westwood One .	programming
The spread of Islam in Africa began in the 7th to 9th century , brought to North Africa initially under the Umayyad Dynasty .	spread
As the Northern Hemisphere warms , a temperature gradient is established between the Northern and Southern hemispheres .	temperature
An American screenwriter , Dan Gillis , living in Paris , has been abandoned by his wife .	abandoned
Dolbadarn was no longer relevant and within two years timber from the castle was being used by the Normans for the construction of Caernarfon Castle .	castle
The university has a combined undergraduate and graduate student population of around 17,500 .	graduate
This is what would normally have happened to the freight train .	happened
The destruction of red blood cells releases free hemoglobin into the bloodstream , which can have fatal consequences .	blood
they determine all the features of the cell and thus the entire individual .	determine
A synopsis of the extensive conservation works undertaken throughout 1984-1990 is provided below :	extensive
Jalesar Assembly constituency ( ) is one of the 403 constituencies of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly , India .	constituency
At that time , the prize money in the Open was insufficient for an American to cover their expenses .	prize
Tendulkar was the top scorer with 32 , and India was unable to compile any significant partnerships .	unable
The station concourse is on the B1 level and the B2 level is for the platforms .	platforms
Sentinel Prime appeared in the IDW Publishing Transformers Animated comic series .	comic
In that capacity , he was considered the second ranking member of the party , after his father .	ranking
The conflict between father and son becomes a battle between husband and wife .	conflict
Lost Souls is a MUD , a text-based online role-playing game set in a medieval fantasy world .	medieval
Yeley would be credited with a 35th-place finish out of 39 cars .	credited
Multiple processes often apply simultaneously .	processes
The overall size of the yacht was 176 gross and 103 registered tons .	registered
Its registered office is in Novara , the other office is in Milan .	registered
A large portion of reclamation happened during the Edo period .	happened
( Langa de Duero , 1534 — Rome , 1619 ) was a singer , editor and composer .	composer
The same four saints are found in works executed between 1468 and 1489 .	executed
The largest development programme was in the province of Tlemcen , West Algeria , after the Algerian War Independence ( 1954-1962 ) .	programme
Sibelius composed the cantata , JS 105 , setting a text by Kasimir Lönnbohm ( or Leino ) , in the spring of 1894 .	setting
Occasionally the series aired live from a location , for example one of the episodes was broadcast from the beach at Sorrento .	beach
This area is accessed through a long wooden bridge in the middle of Llico , and is a couple of kilometers from the Laguna .	wooden
All five cranes were dismantled and sold as scrap as disuse and constant exposure to salty winds eroded their structure .	constant
Aerated lagoons have mechanical aerators which minimize anaerobic zones by completely mixing the lagoon to achieve catabolism through a process called extended aeration .	achieve
Fenner pimps Shell by offering her money to give the male officers a handjob .	offering
She also was a frequent guest artist at the National Theatre in Prague .	guest
He told Shin and Choi that it would be best if they spoke to the press saying that they came to North Korea voluntarily .	press
Megatron appears in the fiction " Dungeons & Dinobots " , a text based story .	fiction
" Brief Candle " contained cover art and illustrations by Petaja 's friend , Hannes Bok , whom he had met that same year .	contained
They remained popular until the introduction of inexpensive graphics workstations in the 1980s .	introduction
The size and misorientation of the deformed zone is related to the particle size and so there is a minimum particle size required to initiate nucleation .	zone
In late 2000 , Video Ezy introduced EzyRetail , a video store specific point of sale Windows-based system exclusively used by Video Ezy .	sale
All Sigg bottles use the same diameter head and thread system , which results in interchangeability of bottles and caps .	diameter
During about a 25-year period ( 1965 – 90 ) , published research and articles in leading journals of the value ilk were few .	articles
Despite Kindness 's outspending him 5-1 , Boehner won the nomination with 49 percent of the vote .	nomination
At first light on 6 January Elphinstone 's column began to slowly move out of Kabul leaving Shuja Shah Durrani and his followers to their fate .	column
In 1833 , architect James C. Bucklin designed a two-story addition on the east end of the building .	architect
The player can switch to Torin 's pet Boogle as well , although he is mainly used to morph into various items .	items
In addition , she wanted to get as close to the war zone as possible .	zone
In December 2012 the operator filed for bankruptcy .	filed
When he retired in 1980 he started publishing works on the Dutch writer P. H. Ritter .	publishing
Others affiliated with this group include Susan Minot , Donna Tartt , Peter Farrelly and David Leavitt .	affiliated
Nyeri is served by a reasonably well-maintained tarmac road network connecting it to Nairobi , Nakuru , Nanyuki , Othaya and other surrounding towns .	towns
Randa Markos missed weight on her first attempt at the weigh ins , coming in at 117.5 lbs .	weight
She also found that what had been thought of as two different cell types , was actually one cell type in different phases of the cell cycle .	cycle
One of the enlarged objects was a cuckoo clock in the episode number 9 , although the Guinness World Record was not finally achieved .	objects
The Film premiere at Hungary 's Slow International Film Festival , a successor to the 32-year-old prestigious Hungary Film Festival born of the Film Art Initiative .	successor
He captures the colour of the subject in watercolour , then highlights and shades with pen and ink .	colour
The contract for the Grand Trunk Railway included all the materials required for building the bridge and the railway , including the rolling stock .	stock
They remain constant , however , in their rejection of abstract empiricism .	constant
He used apes as an example , stating that if they were trained they would be " perfect [ men ] " .	trained
This system is economical on gas , and highly reliable when done correctly , but relatively heavy on task loading .	task
Shu is a teenage boy from Datania , a school-type city dome controlled by Zero , a data program .	controlled
In this episode , Finn and Jake challenge a monster named The Farm to fight , but they end up battling each other .	challenge
The primary limitations to case effectiveness came in judging the range , setting the fuse accordingly , and the reliability and variability of the fuse itself .	setting
The synaptic activity of individual neurons is modeled using equations to determine the temporal ( and in some	determine
The introduction of Christianity in the 1840s throughout Gwich ’ in territory produced spiritual changes that are still widely in effect today .	introduction
Local council members plan and conduct meetings , organize events and enjoy social activities .	meetings
A referendum vote determined whether the student body would continue to contribute a portion of its fee .	determined
Kelly began his martial arts career under the tutelage of Sin Kwan The ( Shaolin-Do ) in Lexington , Kentucky .	arts
Production of the Phantom ended in September 2008 , with some of the last examples purchased by Sound Transit .	examples
The Pretenders were originally considered to perform the film 's title song .	perform
An ebook version , which includes a new introduction from the author , was published in 2011 .	introduction
The Dead End ( ) is a 2015 Chinese crime drama film based on Xu Yigua 's novel " Sunspot " ( ) .	crime
ii ) Through a mobile SDK .	mobile
M107 is close to the galactic plane at a distance of about 20,900 light-years from Earth and from the Galactic Center .	plane
A recessed ell extends to the right of the main block , and a shed-roof bay projects to the left .	block
His composing style is similar to Johann Adolph Hasse , with apparent melodic invention and with dramatic expression concentrated in the vocal parts .	expression
The themes of travel and departure are present in much of de Chirico 's canon , as seen in his many paintings of trains and railways stations .	paintings
Square released an enhanced port of " Chrono Trigger " developed by Tose in Japan for the Sony PlayStation in 1999 .	port
Several Games and national records were broken during the games .	broken
Their child , named Poppy Valentina after Valentina Tereshkova , was born in 2003 ; being a father gave Meyer a " sense of hopefulness " .	sense
Genc Tukiçi working with the talent agency Society for Artistic Research ( SAR ) .	agency
The song and lyrics were originally written by Katzman and Duncan , and the song was more about bullying .	lyrics
Since then , Redmi became a sub-brand separated from Xiaomi .	separated
Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer 's office .	owners
However , this is also the case for many other neurological conditions so negative investigations should not be used alone to make the diagnosis .	negative
A protected bike lane was established along the left side of the avenue south of 50th Street in 2011 .	protected
On September 20 , 1931 , Palkinsky District was abolished and merged into Ostrovsky District .	merged
On December 5 , 2016 , he signed with the Memphis Grizzlies to help the team deal with numerous injuries .	injuries
This water is treated with chloramine and ozone .	treated
It is a melodramatic comedy with touches of mystery and social realism ( with a mix genre typical of the directors ) .	typical
Meanwhile , the town has a scandal following the murder of the local pharmacist Wilby ( Dabney Coleman ) .	murder
The vessel then departed for the north , cruising among the Solomon Islands , off Bougainville and Papua New Guinea .	vessel
However , he fell four short of his record , which was broken the following season by Rod Beck .	broken
The radiant is an important factor in observation .	factor
Zinger attended to Leesville High School and was ranked as the nation ’ s No .	nation
Another 80 plus warships would be destroyed by the traditional gun , mine , or other cause .	mine
Jay Guy was initially announced as crew chief ; Steve Lane would assume the duty for the season .	duty
In 2013 , Grace made her acting debut , playing Sydney in the television pilot " Joe , Joe & Jane " .	pilot
Early cars only had brakes on the rear wheels operated by a hand lever , with a pedal-operated transmission brake acting on the propeller shaft .	rear
In regions without access to safe drinking water , boiling water to make tea is effective for reducing waterborne diseases by destroying pathogenic microorganisms .	effective
It was directed by Paul Mayeda Berges , with a script by Berges and his wife , Gurinder Chadha .	script
Different system architectures have different capabilities and are used for specific applications .	applications
A distinguished wrestler and actor , Piper had appeared in numerous films .	distinguished
Plank Bridge Creek joins Spring Brook upstream of its mouth .	mouth
Monitor proofing systems consist of the following hardware and software components :	components
The physician fills out a Form 1 authorizing the police to bring the person in for a psychiatric assessment .	bring
Saulzais-le-Potier is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
This ranking is based on self-reported statistics , including :	ranking
As we neared completion of the game , PB insisted that we include Reebok as a sponsor of the game by having Dracula wear Reebok Pump shoes !	completion
Chastain Criswell also uses a production of the box itself in order to make the prop less a prop and more a necessary container .	necessary
Parachuted from mid-August 1944 , their missions were to support or coordinate and encourage FFI operations .	missions
Besides these sabotage groups in Bydgoszcz , Abwehr also recorded in its documents paramilitary groups that were formed in the city .	documents
Ruins of the original Guastavino Estate still stand , and a collection of Guastavino memorabilia is held in the Christmount library .	stand
HDB flats were built primarily to provide affordable housing for the poor and their purchase can be financially aided by the Central Provident Fund .	purchase
Dr Horn was notified but did not attend to Patrick .	attend
Approximately 500 staff , or almost half the total , entered the armed forces .	armed
The name was changed to " Kaiyuan Wanshou Chan Temple " ( ) during the Yuan dynasty ( 1172 – 1638 ) .	dynasty
It was the target of a PIRA attack in 1996 .	target
In a deal worth € 180 million , Telenor took a 33 % stake in 701Search in December 2013 .	worth
Four clades of " Babesia " species infect humans .	humans
During a typical show a total of 89 cast members performed in " The Lion King Celebration " .	typical
Hop oil contributions in the copper are not explicitly supported in the current definition .	contributions
The London champions now play in the Intermediate Championship .	champions
Symptoms in 1918 were so unusual that initially influenza was misdiagnosed as dengue , cholera , or typhoid .	unusual
In 2016 de Rothschild launched an ecology-oriented lifestyle brand , Lost Explorer .	brand
From the south end of the lake , about one mile up is and First Point with a boat ramp .	boat
The cave is 141 m long and 13.1 m deep .	deep
Release of " the totality of the Mulcaire information " has not yet been achieved but has been requested through the courts .	courts
" Arneb " made three more Mediterranean cruises in 1969 and 1970 and participated in numerous Caribbean exercises before the Navy decided to end her naval service .	naval
The catch was Mastrud 's 100th of his career to put him 10th all-time at K-State .	10th
The downturn in the U.S. real estate market in 2007 , combined with a surge of new condo construction , brought spiraling prices somewhat under control .	somewhat
Trachalio returns , with his master , Plesidippus .	returns
Among these , Paterson cites Kraftwerk as one of the most important , claiming they created the foundation from which all modern dance music has been built .	foundation
This original big Olli is to stay in the hospital .	stay
Further details of the winner , Time Charter	details
The saving grace , in terms of employment , has been the steadily growing service sector .	sector
ATEME is planning to release their HEVC encoder in October 2013 .	planning
In a 22-year managerial career , Pérez Elizarán managed 4 clubs , including Valencia CF in 3 distinct periods .	distinct
This is a list of characters appearing in the animated series " Kim Possible " .	appearing
The character Mikael Blomkvist in Stieg Larsson 's Millennium Trilogy is dubbed " Kalle Blomkvist " by the press to mock him in his investigative reporting .	press
It describes itself as the largest promoter of chamber music outside London .	describes
Engines at £ 750 but no examples reached the UK civil register .	examples
In the year 2000 , the fifth courtyard was reconstructed on grounds of the original " Imperial Academy " .	grounds
From spectra with rotational resolution , moments of inertia and hence bond lengths and angles can be determined " directly " ( at least in principle ) .	determined
Čáslavská became depressed and was rarely seen in public afterwards .	afterwards
In the first encounter , the Macross 7 engages the enemy with squadrons of their own Valkyries .	enemy
It will be the Siemens ' second smartphone after SX1 which was unveiled more than a decade ago .	decade
While at The New York Film Academy , Charles met his producing partner , Anna Skrypka , with whom he has collaborated on every project since .	producing
Drosophila funebris is a species of fruit fly .	fruit
His op-ed pieces have also appeared in the Financial Times , Newsweek International , London Times and the Boston Globe .	pieces
The augmented crew is sent to deliver pillows to a hotel on Stumbos 4 , a high-gravity planet .	hotel
Hutchens was the DP of the project and Tinley was the visual effects supervisor .	visual
Issued with a ticket of leave , Williams absconded several times , and had his ticket revoked on a number of occasions .	occasions
The Pecos River Flume is an aqueduct carrying irrigation water over the Pecos River .	carrying
It depends on physical activity , age , health , and environmental conditions .	environmental
These awards will cover tuition , room and board , transportation , and health expenses for those selected to enter the program .	enter
The record received enthusiastic reviews by the Greek music press .	press
In September 1965 full power operation was achieved with 50MW thermal power , and steam temperatures of 900 ° F ( 482 ° C ) .	steam
As worldwide sales of smartphones began exceeding those of feature phones , the NSA decided to take advantage of the smartphone boom .	advantage
A further four police officers were due to be tried on the same charges in 2012 .	charges
She was also expected to challenge the youngster Allyson Felix , who had quickly become the top medal contender for the Americans .	challenge
The settlers helped Clark conceal the true reason for his presence in the area .	reason
" George Washington " and her support vessels visited Brisbane , Australia in July .	vessels
Separate incidents for hometown favorite Michael Andretti and rookie Gil de Ferran helped Cheever conserve fuel .	fuel
Of all of McCay 's films , " Gertie " is the best preserved .	preserved
The headmaster concerned was in fact John Traill Christie , Fisher 's successor .	successor
In 1959 , Slavkovsky District was abolished and merged into Karamyshevsky District .	merged
The Upperville Colt & Horse Show is the oldest horse show in America .	horse
God send your “ Salawat ” on his relatives and is companions too	your
His brothers Mako and Yoshi were each international judo champions .	champions
The Detmold State ensemble regularly plays at the theatre .	regularly
Taklon is the common name for a synthetic fiber used in artist-quality paint , makeup and pin stripe brushes .	makeup
Although not one herself ( because of her run-in with Zapp Brannigan ) , Leela is chosen anyway to be the sacrifice .	herself
She joined the Edinburgh International Book Festival as an invited editor in August 2014 and in August 2015 .	invited
Savigny-en-Septaine is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
Despite allurements and threats most of the prisoners , particularly if not previously compromised by fascism , resisted the propaganda ( Giusti , 2000 ) .	prisoners
The top thirteen publications as follows :	publications
It is only by the clear understanding of the Sovereign that my family has been spared . "	understanding
As of the census of 2000 , there were 492 people , 253 households , and 170 families residing in the town .	residing
At the uppers level of the Haresskogouschelya river valley , at the 2,400 meter level , is the " Chifandzar Swamp " .	valley
From 1978 Finley also managed John Farnham ; in mid-1979 Hewett , Finley and Farnham were partners in a restaurant , Backstage in Melbourne .	restaurant
In June 1910 he was appointed Minister of Labour in the cabinet Konow , replacing Bernhard Brænne in a cabinet reshuffle .	replacing
Local people contributed to the historic events as the patriots of this region has been part of the declaration of The Independence at 1912 .	contributed
Katsuie 's forces were defeated at the Battle of Shizugatake , and he was forced retreat to Kitanosho castle .	castle
Gainesville 's reputation as an independent music mecca can be traced back to 1984 when a local music video station was brought on the air .	reputation
The grounds are known for their role in the Underground Railroad .	grounds
During the reign of the Sultan Murad II the competencies of the caliph were transferred to the " grand mufti " .	reign
Throughout this period , he would also frequently be heard on Atlanta airwaves as a sports-talk radio host .	heard
Surtur Rising is the eighth studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Amon Amarth .	eighth
The statement of the " parametric transversality theorem " is :	statement
The seeds of totalitarian regimes are nurtured by misery and want .	want
The income limit is $ 35,000 for homeowners .	limit
In September 2015 , the site was temporarily planted with crocus as a link with the origins of the town 's name .	link
A native of Madrid , de la Cierva served the constituency of Murcia in the Congress of Deputies and Senate from 1977 to 1982 .	constituency
Hawks decided to leave this scene in the picture .	picture
Connor arrives at the Hyperion Hotel to pick up Cordelia 's things because they have decided to live together .	things
One barrier to this however is that these microbubbles are rather large , which prevents their diffusion into the brain .	brain
It preserves fossils dating back to the Cretaceous period .	dating
168 at Rostov-on-Don of the improved version , designated as the Il-40P .	improved
She can only attack from the rear , which forces her to face backwards in order to attack .	rear
Green tea exported from China was first introduced in the coffeehouses of London shortly before the Stuart Restoration ( 1660 ) .	shortly
BGU is a Russian abbreviation and stands for the Belarusian State University .	stands
The village is situated at the foot of the Baba Mountain Range and on the border of the Bitola and Demir Hisar Municipalities .	foot
Aidan Connor , played by Shayne Ward , made his first screen appearance on 21 August 2015 .	screen
When the Prospector is handed the note , he goes searching for Georgia .	note
He was re-elected by a wider margin in 1945 , and once again by a narrow margin in 1949 .	narrow
After one or more reverse handoffs , the ball is lateraled back to the quarterback , who looks for an open receiver downfield .	ball
About 1890 the construction of the new parish church " Nostra Senyora dels Dolors " began , located on the same place as the former churches .	churches
The cause of " Tomozuru " capsizing was a low metacentric height .	height
The Cape Town International Airport was among the winners of the World Travel Awards for being Africa 's leading airport .	winners
They had discounted the Wii U , again citing low specs , and decided to choose between the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One platforms .	platforms
Season 3 of " Difficult People " premiered on August 8 , 2017 .	premiered
This led to an incidental near-collision between an American vessel and the British steamboat " Valorous " .	vessel
As twenty years pass , they encounter social change , age , different convictions , poverty and the slow approach of World War II .	twenty
Refuge lands lie within the townships of Chatham , Harding , and Long Hill .	lands
There is a side entrance in the western face , again with a pediment above it .	entrance
Finn and Jake , meanwhile , return to the tree fort and , with the help of N.E.P.T.R .	fort
Finally , the Fourth Republic was confronted with the collapse of the French colonial empire .	colonial
Three groups were formed , consisting of party members , young communists and foreign workers .	consisting
This became the prevalent design for body-on-frame cars in the United States , but not in the rest of the world , until the uni-body gained popularity .	popularity
The following is a list of county roads in Sarasota County , Florida .	roads
" Drug delivery to the brain	brain
The main causes of obstructed labour include : a large or abnormally positioned baby , a small pelvis , and problems with the birth canal .	causes
This is required to prevent erosion damage to the blades in the turbo-expander that the flue gas is next routed through .	prevent
His final-year project , supervised by Jack Powles , was to construct a portable , transistor-based spectrometer to measure the Earth 's magnetic field .	measure
The Savo-Karelians had a sophisticated system for cultivating spruce forests .	forests
Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine responded positively to the song , calling it " terribly infectious " .	calling
At Arizona State University he had taught writing , conducted a writers conference , and assembled Western Americana for ASU Libraries .	writers
AccuWeather provides weather content to the " Grand Rapids Press " .	weather
Mr. Lindley was a big believer in local government , and his favorite expression was reputed to be " Mattole Against the World ! "	expression
Éamonn Young 's father , Jack , and Derry Beckett 's father , Jerry , had won All-Ireland medals as members of the Cork team in 1911 .	medals
Finally , the project manager verifies the change and closes this entry in the change log .	entry
However , thanks to this accident the Earth has obtained its very own satellite - the Moon .	accident
Subgenus " Rana " ( Eurasian brown frogs )	brown
is called the ballistic coefficient , and its unit is area per mass .	mass
At first , colonies are yellow-green but ultimately turn olive due to conidial production .	ultimately
" Dromornis stirtoni " was tall and weighed up to .	tall
Since its inception , the regiment lost 43 soldiers in the course of the War in Donbass .	regiment
She was released after she paid a fine .	fine
Stephan soon left the band all together , and Grimmark was asked whether he would like to become a full-time band member .	full-time
At the time , a considerable fishery and whaling activity was based on the island .	considerable
Running was important to members of ancient Greek society , and is consistently highlighted in documents referencing the Olympic Games .	documents
Those travelling today from Annapolis Royal will witness little change in the scenery or the impact from this turn of the century description .	impact
Half the staff of the bank served in the armed forces .	armed
The spores are ellipsoid , smooth , thin-walled , and generally measure up to 4 – 5 µm long .	measure
Free throw attempts , career : 2,317	attempts
However , this is in large part due to the absence of German-speaking youth , a heritage of the post-war policy of the Communist government .	heritage
A brief summary of Ali Wardhana 's career is as follows :	brief
Pepper decides to reunite her parents and Allan is also keen to get back with his ex-wife , Christine Rodd ( Trudy Hellier ) .	decides
Her designer was Brian Froud and her Design and Fabrication Supervisor was Lyle Conway .	designer
Both optical and acoustic sensors have been used from vehicles while on the move in urban and rural environments .	vehicles
Holt stated during the 2016 World Championship that he regrets leaving school early and that he was studying for a business degree from the Open University .	studying
Consequently , Megatron and Galvatron engaged in a colossal battle , with Galvatron clearly possessing the upper hand .	engaged
Dodoo amra fruit is processed products are also preferred .	fruit
Unknown to Matheson Pink , this included her historic visit to the USSR , which included everything from coats and tailored suits to dresses and evening wear .	evening
It was located on the Atherton Tableland , a plateau forming part of the Great Dividing Range west of the city of Cairns .	forming
He gives the example of corn and iron .	iron
Mufasa is alerted about the incident by his majordomo , the hornbill Zazu , and rescues the cubs .	incident
Amir Butler is an author and engineer .	engineer
Tiff City is an unincorporated community in McDonald County , Missouri , United States .	unincorporated
Despite being banished , Postumus had not legally been disinherited , and so could claim a share in Augustus ' inheritance .	claim
The cattle herd had 110,000 head ( 2006 ) and the main agricultural crops were corn and soybeans .	agricultural
The Irons missed their train and arrives at the Buckinghamshire 's Loakes Park ground an hour late .	hour
Critic Roberta Smith called the work her most assured , while others suggested that Linhares breathed new life into seemingly exhausted genres .	suggested
Today national copyright laws have been standardised to some extent through international and regional agreements such as the Berne Convention and the European copyright directives .	laws
An electric ukulele is a ukulele which is electrically amplified .	electric
An active backbencher , she introduced the bill that became the Rights of Entry ( Gas and Electricity Boards ) Act , 1954 .	bill
Funk grew up in Indianapolis and attended Syracuse University , graduating in 1969 .	graduating
14 of them boarded the aircraft while 5 of them including Babu stayed and provided cover .	stayed
Senator Edward Kennedy , in 1995 , in a Senate floor statement called Neas " the 101st Senator for Civil Rights . "	statement
By the 1890s American traders had arrived in the area , meeting a native population that had been greatly reduced by imported diseases .	greatly
The name " Tokelau " is a Polynesian word meaning " north wind " .	wind
When he fakes the pass , the non-throwing arm is moved behind his back , hiding the ball .	ball
Manny Acta was hired as the team 's 40th manager on October 25 , 2009 .	hired
In the very same year , the Reconstructionist also seceded fully , joining the World Union for Progressive Judaism under observer status .	joining
It replaced a sod and concrete athletic field , and its opening allowed the school to conduct physical education classes outside .	concrete
Though much of the building remains a work in progress , the bottom floor has been fully renovated .	bottom
The Bears hired Ryan Pace of the New Orleans Saints to be their new general manager on January 8 , 2015 .	hired
During normal play , the upper and lower lips will vibrate together at the same speed .	normal
The primary acquisition avenue is through the purchase of new flats directly from the HDB .	purchase
Edmund and Ruth Frow suggest that her increasingly political and feminist editorials may have caused Blatchford to reassess her input .	increasingly
It is the biggest shopping mall in Slovakia by area .	biggest
The surviving records and memorandum books , as well as Henry Booker 's memoirs , provide insight into a small rural religious community of the period .	surviving
Mahder also loves to read books , watch movies with friends and travel and discover new places .	read
" The Wings of the Dove " is , I think , a great film .	think
According to Kahneman , attention is generally determined by arousal ; a general state of physiological activity .	determined
It was conquered by Shah Abbas in 1604 and rebuilt by the Turks in 1616 .	rebuilt
He has completed executive development courses at Yale University , The Center for Creative Leadership and the Menninger Foundation .	courses
Ms. Mahajan has completed her skydiving judge course along with 6 more Armforce officers during National Championship in Amreli in 2016 .	judge
Later in life , she pursued graduate studies at UT , earning a master 's degree in 1923 .	graduate
The interior of the house features high quality period woodwork .	interior
Mülheim is located on the right bank of the Rhine opposite the old town of Cologne .	opposite
Williams was the only NCAA Division II player to be ranked in the top 10 in the nation in interceptions and kickoff return average in 2007 .	nation
Johnson uses a number of techniques that taken together uniquely identify his studio during his early career .	techniques
Besides being a deep thinker and a littérateur , he was a social activist .	deep
A Spanish observer had noted that Milford contained many Catholics who were hostile to the English .	contained
Certain of Bendixsen 's lumber schooners have survived into the 21st century .	survived
A close political ally of Guido Westerwelle , she supported him from 2001 to 2005 as the party 's secretary general .	secretary
Poincaré had therefore abandoned socialism for another party and warfare .	abandoned
Kali is a fishing town with a Mediterranean feeling .	fishing
Two coastal railways , San 'yō Main Line in Honshū and Yosan Main Line were built .	coastal
This will be accomplished through a range of appropriate renewable technologies , including wind and solar , as well as innovative efficiencies .	wind
Plamínková 's response was to write an open letter to Hitler criticizing his regime and the rollback of liberties .	write
Fire protection within the city limits is provided by the Gainesville Fire Rescue , while the surrounding county is served by the Alachua County Fire Rescue .	protection
The question on appeal before the Seventh Circuit was whether the Illinois district court could properly exercise personal jurisdiction over Hemi .	question
Initially , it was thought that positive affects broadened whereas negative affects narrowed cognitive scope .	negative
The 2003 / 04 season brought together a genuine championship team with the squad winning every competition that they were able to take part in .	squad
was 6th , Crocker 's channel 8th , Sledd 13th and " Gay God " in 25th .	13th
Most recently , She was invited as a featured participant for the Poetica 3 held in Cologne , Germany in January 2017 .	invited
Lee had stolen a march , passing around Cedar Mountain , the site of a battle in 1862 .	passing
Zedd also orders Chase to train her to be a fighter .	orders
The authors ' willingness to pursue an intellectual inquiry that others wouldn 't is bracing . "	authors
Originally part of Bergen Township and later North Bergen Township , it became a separate township in 1849 and was incorporated as a city in 1855 .	township
The decline of the bears to just 2 % of their original range tells of the human-caused extirpation of large predators in the Rocky Mountain region .	decline
Palestinian Islamist organization Hamas claimed responsibility for the bombing during a rally in Gaza City attended by some 10,000 supporters .	responsibility
The end of the parade is marked by two tribal zebra performers holding a rope .	holding
Albums such as " Pomme Fritz " , though released as a piece of original work , consist largely of manipulated samples .	piece
Organizations retain dark data for a multitude of reasons , and it is estimated that most companies are only analyzing 1 % of their data .	reasons
Stylaster nobilis , the noble coral , is a branching colonial hydroid in the family Stylasteridae .	colonial
Agriculture in the southwest started around 4,000 years ago when traders brought cultigens from Mexico .	southwest
Months later Zeke Kinski ( Matthew Werkmeister ) is taken to Jeremy after he reunited with his family following a rafting accident .	accident
In the end , the player is forced to commit suicide before being captured by law enforcement officers .	suicide
By the mid-1990s , Navistar subsidiary AmTran became the sole user of the 3900 .	user
During the 1960s and 70s , the additions and alterations to the buildings continued as more equipment was installed .	installed
Van Beinum 's recordings with the Concertgebouw Orchestra are available on the Philips and Decca labels .	recordings
Anti-malware programs , such as Malwarebytes ' AntiMalware , are also very effective in detecting and removing rogue software such as AntiVirus Gold .	effective
Drum brake conversion for Hot Shots was quite popular .	quite
Haruka 's hit-and-run incident is later to be revealed as part of a retaliatory attack against the Yomei Alliance by the Kamurocho-based Saio Triad .	incident
Retail is also a major contributor to Preston 's economy .	economy
The loser moved to the Repechage tournament as Americas 3 for a second chance to qualify .	chance
Eleven years before Clyde Tombaugh , Humason took a set of four photographs in which the image of Pluto appeared .	image
A two-player mode is also available without a time limit , but there are restrictions on the match ups players can choose .	limit
The main purpose of the law is to regulate the involuntary admission of people into a psychiatric hospital .	purpose
It had " a significant impact on the black struggle for equality in Mississippi . "	impact
It also provides fixed broadband services and fixed-line telephony services ( in Moscow via its 99 % subsidiary MGTS ) .	fixed
Holt 's results improved in 2008 / 2009 .	improved
According to the 1931 census of Poland , Jews comprised 9.8 percent of the Polish population but controlled 22.4 percent of the wealth in the country .	controlled
These engines have a unique piston and cylinder setup that occurs on no other Cox engine , before or after .	engines
Briscoe made an impact at Hull and became their regular first team fullback .	impact
Reports from the United Nations Department of Humanitarian Affairs considered Gretelle the first cyclone to strike the region in 41 years .	strike
The track is a -mile oval , where horses do two laps to complete the commonly used distance used in U.S. standardbred races .	horses
It has a moderate tempo in cut time with a " shuffle " beat .	beat
It was re-built with a new fuselage , but it remains in private storage ( 2006 ) , not having flown since World War II .	storage
Stone tools were also made there .	tools
Key components of the chiller :	components
Lost Animals of the 20th Century is a 16-episode documentary series shown on the Discovery Channel in the 1990s .	documentary
Tommy is portrayed by Robbie Kay .	portrayed
The first phase of the Tarlac-La Union Toll Expressway started in January 2010 .	phase
The hallmark for Reaganomics was , in part , the wide-scale deregulation of corporate interests , and tax cuts for the wealthy .	interests
A July 22 , 2007 article notes that in 2007 only 133 of the planned 7000 Iraqi refugees were allowed into the United States .	notes
The structures have , and water outlays respectively .	structures
Jia claims that Dwarfstar , master assassin and shrinking nemesis of Ryan , is her " firstborn " .	claims
It was given as an annual tribute by the people to the rulers in 21 of the 38 Aztec provincial states .	provincial
PlainsCapital Bank , a subsidiary of Hilltop Holdings Inc . , is one of the largest independent banks in Texas with approximately $ 9.3 billion in assets .	banks
Two days later , all were found guilty and sentenced to death .	sentenced
Member of the Finnish junior men ’ s national team , which captured the 1997 Nordic Championship .	junior
Colt tracks them down , sending Lorna back to the Bar S and warning Cinch to never set foot on the ranch again .	foot
In this sense , the non-latch-up IGBT proposed by Hans W. Becke and Carl F. Wheatley was realized by A. Nakagawa et al .	sense
Other entertainment includes local art and historical exhibits , live music , crafts , games , and a variety of food including limited time peach flavored treats .	entertainment
This parasite has a direct lifecycle with no intermediate hosts .	hosts
The expansion of the Committee led to it being renamed the Radiation Laboratory ( RadLab ) in 1940 .	expansion
Although coquíes can reproduce all year long , their breeding is at its peak during the wet season , which is around April to October .	peak
Nagraj was originally conceived as an enemy of international terrorism .	enemy
After the death of Sherpa there has been a Scholarship announced in the memory of the Sherpa .	memory
" List of leaders of universities and colleges in the United States	universities
The game was first shown in amusement arcades on October 30 , 2004 , and became very popular among the target market in late 2005 through 2006 .	target
With the help of her mother , she used this time off to convince her father to allow her to follow her passion as a hairstylist .	follow
Lofton was on the National League roster , but was injured and did not play .	injured
With the exception of Cimberton , Steele 's characters were not ignoble enough to function as instructive objects of satire .	objects
He adds the third dimension to his paintings by fixing protuberant forms to the underpinnings .	paintings
As non-communist organisation , SCI volunteers took part in a workcamp during 5th World Youth Festival in Warsaw ( Poland ) in 1955 .	organisation
The next years , he continued racing for Honda and climbing up to a 3rd place in 2009 and a vice-championship in 2010 .	racing
The expected output of the plant was up to of cellulosic ethanol per year .	output
If the nuclei were larger than some critical radius then it would be thermodynamically stable and could start to grow .	grow
He participated in the men 's 94 kg event at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships , and at the 2016 Summer Olympics , finishing in ninth position .	finishing
During the late 1950s , Revelle fought for the establishment of a University of California campus in San Diego .	establishment
In its opening weekend , the film grossed a total of US $ 14,276,534 , ranking third in the U.S. box office results for that weekend .	ranking
Halifax 's fortunes waxed and waned with the military needs of the empire .	needs
The properties had a total area of .	properties
During the following class trial , Kaede attempts to uncover the mastermind but fails .	attempts
The surname becomes more widespread in the English-speaking world in general during the 19th century :	widespread
In June 1958 , Ratner formed the Leeco Gas & Oil Company for purposes of oil exploration .	purposes
Yet according to Marx , this division within the labour process reduces a workers skills collectively , which devalues their labour power .	skills
In July 1974 the International Institute for Strategic Studies described the FAZ as numbering 800 personnel with 33 aircraft .	personnel
Avila athletic programs participate in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics ( NAIA ) .	participate
The following chart provides a visual depiction of Centre 's lineup during the 1921 season with games started at the position reflected in parenthesis .	visual
The album is a collection of singles from 1995 – 2004 , containing many songs that were previously available on vinyl only .	containing
She is currently host of Victorian-based travel program " Postcards " and was previously weekend weather presenter on " Nine News Melbourne " .	weather
He was the only major appointed Whig official retained by Democrat George S. Boutwell after he took office in 1851 .	retained
The third floor has been converted from the county clerk 's offices to an open meeting room for the county legislature .	offices
Later , an under-marshal and six city marshalmen were appointed to assist the marshal in his duties .	duties
Sykes ' division engaged Maj. Gen. Lafayette McLaws ' division on the Orange Turnpike .	engaged
Because she is concerned about how Carl , her mother , and her mother-in-law will react , she keeps her pregnancy secret .	secret
Other products include speedway shale , which is a mix of crushed limestone and clay laid down to form the competitive surface at motorcycle speedway tracks .	laid
On 6 March , the PAVN began moving westward toward Thailand along Lao Route 23 .	toward
All the members have won Minnesota Music Awards for their own individual instruments .	instruments
A whitewater river is any river where its gradient and / or flow create rapids or whitewater turbulence .	flow
The Squadron then moved to Italy and supported the assault on Rome , claiming 16 enemy aircraft destroyed during this battle .	enemy
Pearce has opposed a number of government propositions .	opposed
At a local level , authority rested with the Divisional or District Officers .	authority
Further flood prevention measures were then put in place in the 1980s .	measures
When Akbar Khan learnt that the fort at Jamrud was unprotected , he decided to attack .	fort
It signifies recognition of a fellow citizen of heaven , and a pledge to do everything possible to get others to heaven also .	recognition
A small community of free African Americans lived at the base of Copp 's Hill from the 17th to the 19th century .	17th
The unique combination of elements in ekplexite has to do with its name , which comes from a Greek world on " surprise " .	combination
Second , a mutant form of the degron ’ s protein is designed such that it lacks the degron candidate .	protein
A poll taken in 1975 found a high level of support for the change , and Carleton has had a six-week winter break ever since .	break
A single 592-page volume was released on September 22 , 2005 .	volume
In 1884 , he moved to Vésinet , a suburb of Paris , where he remained until his death in 1916 .	suburb
Although there is a core of carols that are sung at most venues , each particular place has its own mini-tradition .	core
This did not trouble her , since it meant she never had to actually touch any non-Daxamites .	meant
Except in the case of a line or circle , the parallel curves have a more complicated mathematical structure than the progenitor curve .	parallel
Studies from the last decade show , that our societies have become more fragmented and less coherent ( e.g .	decade
The album consists of twelve cover versions of rock and roll songs and three McCartney originals .	twelve
The episode received positive reviews from media critics and fans .	fans
It originally operated light aircraft , transport aircraft and helicopters .	transport
His son Thomas Penson ( 1790 – 1859 ) was county surveyor to a number of Welsh counties and also designed bridges .	counties
He briefly served as Dean of Exeter , then Bishop of the united see of Gloucester and Bristol .	briefly
The confrontation ended in the victory of the supporters of unlimited royal power .	royal
" Spin " said it " renders lust as it plays out on social media when the object of affection is a complete stranger . "	object
However , Salmon was an honest man and sincerely interested in the welfare of the people , and the population started to recover .	interested
In 1952 , he was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1952 Summer Olympics .	soccer
Another undesirable feature is that the ethers display complex NMR spectra , which interfere with analysis .	display
Wright was booked to face Buff Bagwell at Fall Brawl shortly after his debut , but the match did not take place .	shortly
The main quarter for NRK Southern Norway is located at Tangen .	quarter
He remained in Baghdad as American bombs fell , which he called " nothing exceptional " .	nothing
Hurricane Wilma 's course was set toward Florida during the festivities weekend , but TNA did not expect it to interfere with the events .	toward
During migratory flight , feathers on White Fronted geese gradually fall off during migration as new feathers grows .	grows
The figure here is just a silhouette , without outlines , and the stroke of colour alone creates the form .	colour
The US Department of State , referring to events investigated in 2007 , reported criticism of Adeang in its Human Rights Report , issued for 2008 .	criticism
The grounds for insurrection were the arrest and imprisonment of Stephen F. Austin .	grounds
All HTS have an extremely short coherence length , of the order of 1.6 nm .	extremely
The Polisario Front is headquartered in self-administered refugee camps south of the city , which filled up as Moroccan and Mauritanian forces conquered Western Sahara in 1975 .	filled
He represented the electoral district of Eagle River in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1975 to 1979 .	electoral
Its continuing popularity eventually led to another 125cc custom model being introduced , the Honda CA125 Rebel .	popularity
Today the ground no longer exists , with the vast majority of it becoming the Mill Road Cemetery in 1847 .	exists
Consequently , Isabelle had to spend up to seven hours in the makeup chair to create Ginger 's transformation and a further two hours to remove them .	makeup
Sybase has a strong presence in the financial services , telecommunications , technology , and government markets .	markets
The Dugdale Centre is an arts and business centre in Enfield Town .	arts
Russotti thought he would be able to manipulate Didio , but he really just created a monster .	really
The debut of Samoa Joe was also promoted for the card .	card
invented the device design concept of non-latch-up IGBTs in 1984 .	device
Also in January 1968 they were invited to put down some tracks for John Peel 's radio show .	invited
This has also caused a rise of the standard of living throughout the city .	rise
John Sime became prominent in the union as its president , then as its general secretary .	secretary
Silk Cut Jaguar won the Teams Championship and Jaguar driver Martin Brundle won the Drivers title .	driver
On April 27 , 2017 , following the retirement of general manager and long-time Nintendo hardware developer Genyo Takeda , Ko Shiota was appointed as his successor .	successor
In this respect , it called for the training of the new Mozambican Defence Force as soon as possible .	respect
The song was also featured on the soundtrack to the film " Stick It " .	soundtrack
Sri Lanka and New Zealand were the other teams and India won easily .	easily
Keen also designed the adjacent Richard J. Reynolds High School .	adjacent
Shipboard torpedo and naval gunnery systems are also integrated .	naval
Different standards apply to art , with one example being the dome of the United States Capitol featuring an 1865 fresco depicting goddesses with their breasts exposed .	standards
Although he had his first career 100-yard receiving game , the Cardinals lost their home opener 16-20 .	receiving
The party was again a part of the United Front governments headed by H. D. Deve Gowda and Inder Kumar Gujral .	headed
The series has been collected into a trade paperback ( ) .	collected
Craven Cottage is a football stadium located in Fulham , London .	stadium
During the second day , Hemelgarn Racing confirmed that Brad Murphey would be driving the No .	driving
On one of her vaudeville tours she falls in love with a Shakespearean actor , Dennis Emery .	falls
Went to the playoffs every year as a starter , and averaged eight to nine wins as a starter each season .	wins
The series started production on 8 August 2007 and concluded on 29 March 2008 .	concluded
An unusual feature of Uster railway station is the historic " lok remise " or engine shed .	unusual
In a party at a bar celebrating the recording session , Benny encourages a tough guy , Tommy , to pick a fight with the band .	session
As true parthenotes , Lacerta do not require stimulation from sperm to reproduce .	require
Today , all trains calling at the station reverse here , arriving and departing from the former northbound platform 1 .	calling
In Gans 's view , the ethics of postmodernism is derived from identifying with the peripheral victim and disdaining the utopian center occupied by the perpetrator .	derived
The total sentence handed down was eleven years ' imprisonment .	eleven
The other call sign prefixes are ZR , ZT and ZU .	sign
The main collections of " Baraita " are the Tosefta and the Halakhic Midrashim ( Mekhilta , Sifra and Sifre ) .	collections
The Buckaroos ultimately folded in 1975 , after moving to a different league .	ultimately
He blamed media corporations for broadcasting content that he thought pandered to the lowest common denominator .	broadcasting
The previous mark was six , set at the 2002 Salt Lake City Paralympics .	mark
Often considered the father of clinical psychology , Witmer spent a good deal of his time working in tandem with physicians to improve children 's behaviors .	improve
Devon Ostrom , a curator , artist and advocate with a history of creating projects in Toronto collaborated with the group on this initiative .	creating
Transit police officers and Transit Security personnel inspect fares at Skytrain stations as part of TransLink 's Fare Audit .	personnel
The " k " represents the intercept of the ARIMA model .	represents
The small motte , which had also been burned down , contained more modest remains in much smaller numbers .	contained
It is run by HEBA ( ) , under the legal authority of the Hellenic Basketball Federation ( E.O.K. ) .	authority
They could elevate to 40 degrees and had a maximum range of .	degrees
The " Seventh-day Adventist Bible Commentary " is a significant expression of Adventist theological thought .	expression
I love traveling all over the world ; but it 's true , there 's nothing like home " .	nothing
Peter Bessell , eight years older than Thorpe , had a successful business career before entering Liberal politics in the 1950s .	entering
A bit like us lot , really .	really
The plural form of a SKIF member is " Skifistn " and the leaders who run skif are the " Helfers " , aged 18-20 .	aged
The UK , France , Australia , New Zealand and Norway all recognize each other 's claims .	claims
On May 21 , 2000 , Marcum was convicted of several charges , including non-forcible sodomy in violation of Article 125 .	charges
Signal extraction technology pulse oximetry performance has also been shown to translate into helping clinicians improve patient outcomes .	improve
The 2015 IFAF World Championship was the fifth instance of the IFAF World Championship , an international American football tournament .	instance
The data structure produced by the learning algorithm is also called Info Fuzzy Network .	learning
The 1923 Mayor of Boksburg , Councillor Campbell , described St. Dominic 's as a magnificent building where students should find studying a pleasure under ideal conditions .	studying
With the statute 's lifting , cold cases have been re-visited .	cold
As a result , Knight brought forward his retirement plans , calling time on his 236-game NBL career on 6 November 2017 .	calling
Together the two divisions form the West Suburban Conference .	divisions
Jane grabs the gun and points it at Alan , they struggle , and the gun goes off killing Alan .	killing
Early-onset type 1 diabetes was also noted in several of these patients .	patients
Nahal HaArava ( lang-he-n | נחל הערבה ) is an occasionally dry riverbed in the Arava desert in Israel 's Southern District .	occasionally
Facultative parthenogenesis is the type of parthenogenesis when a female individual can reproduce via both sexual and asexual reproduction .	sexual
In July 2014 , CBS Drama announced , via their Facebook page , that they no longer have the rights to show " Bad Girls " .	page
The school is one of eleven schools running under the " Designated Special Character " criteria of the Education Act 1989 .	eleven
From 2006 to 2010 , he worked as an adviser to deputy Leda Zamora .	deputy
Between February 1992 and August 1992 , Voyager created The Expanded Books Toolkit , which allowed authors to create their own Expanded Books .	authors
Younis ’ s work poses big questions in response to discrete situations , recalling a larger set of truths evidenced in the world we have inherited . "	questions
For children under two , syllable reduction and final consonant deletion are the most common phonological processes .	processes
Note : All productions are musicals unless otherwise stated .	otherwise
In this game , the player can choose whether to play as Blaze Sharp or his step sister , Beatrice Sharp .	step
While talking to Chow Chow , Angel learns more about Athena and Chow Chow 's connection to Athena .	connection
cm or per column cm .	column
Stage 1 includes two wire-free sections - one between Westmead and Cumberland Hospital and another between Prince Alfred Square and Tramway Avenue .	sections
In 1782 , Ravi Varma 's men recaptured all of Zamorin country and even helped British to capture forts of Calicut and Palghat .	capture
The player begins the game with a small health gauge and a limited number of extra lives .	extra
It was in this Zawiyya that he greeted many of his distinguished guests .	distinguished
In 2013 , Frazier was elected to the college football hall of fame .	hall
The fish are caught mainly with gill nets and hand lines and sometimes ( short ) long lines .	caught
In the 1778 encampment , King George III came to inspect the troops , and Dr Samuel Johnson stayed for five days .	stayed
In response to criticisms of LiveJournal 's friending system , Dreamwidth has split user relationships into two parts : subscriptions and access control .	user
The sharp-mouthed lizard measures approximately in length from snout to vent .	measures
Other well-written papers on the subject at a more elementary level are available by :	papers
Fort Lauderdale is a major manufacturing and maintenance center for yachts .	manufacturing
The Peshwa family earlier known as Bhat family is a prominent Indian family who dominated India for around 100 years in the 18th century .	18th
There , he developed his political activities and became famous among the democratic resistance .	resistance
Pêche ( French word for fishing or peach ) may refer to :	fishing
Foreigners typically pay between 1,000 – 2,000 baht to view a match , with prices depending on the location of the seating .	depending
In 1963 , a permanent bridge was constructed - named " Nagtahan " .	permanent
Garrett P. Kiely became the 15th director of the University of Chicago Press on September 1 , 2007 .	15th
This radical extension of the church ground plan was possible , because a churchyard was moved behind the city wall in 1549 .	extension
" However , nothing guarantees that this law should hold at quantum or cosmic scales .	nothing
There is evidence to suggest that the work was done by the same team of builders who built the churches at Parsac and Lupersat .	churches
Camus ’ " L 'Etranger " is mentioned in each of Sallis 's novels .	novels
Postcoital bleeding is bleeding from the vagina in women after sexual intercourse and may or may not be associated with pain .	sexual
The regulation of Privacy legislation is outlined both within the Constitution and through independent autonomous agencies created and regulated by the legislative branch .	legislation
The 23 issues were written by Gary Carlson and drawn by Frank Fosco , and marked the return to black and white artwork .	drawn
Fire protection in the town is provided by the Elsmere Fire Company No .	protection
Landing Zone Hereford was a U.S. Army base located northeast of Vĩnh Thạnh District , Bình Định in central Vietnam .	northeast
" Political party strength in Ohio	strength
From 1933 until 1949 , the party published the journal " Prohibitionist " .	journal
In the 2010 U18 World Junior Championships , Sweden got a silver medal after losing the finals against the United States .	finals
Tortum Lake is surrounded by limestone marls of the Cretaceous period .	surrounded
When exposed to a new language , a brass wyrmling will usually become fluent in under an hour .	hour
The Israelis were repeatedly reinforced with armor but were unable to make much headway , only managing to seize an important crossroad on the second day .	unable
- David Price - rhythm guitar , vocals	vocals
This conference brought together the top scholars in public administration and management to discuss and reflect on the state of the field and its future .	scholars
The DCN became just DCN , which no longer stood for " Direction des Constructions Navales " .	stood
Allan suggests that the Timmins family move up north to allow Janelle to be closer to Dylan and Anne Baxter ( Tessa James ) .	suggests
In 1950 he stood trial with F.G .	stood
But somehow I feel safe . "	feel
As a cognitive activity , it produces thought .	produces
In 1855 Emperor Napoleon III chose the park as the site of the first great international exposition to be held in Paris , the Exposition Universelle .	chose
Food supplies were limited in Italy by poverty and strict import controls , but abundant in America , so new recipes were needed to take advantage .	advantage
At first , US soldiers attempted to blow up rice paddies and rice stocks , using mortars and hand grenades .	attempted
In 1906 Matteo left Itala to found S.P.A. ( Società Piemontese Automobili ) with chief designer , Alberto Ballacco .	designer
The HEVC demonstration may be seen in the technical area of Orange and at a showroom in Rennes .	technical
Adams ' health was failing rapidly from an incurable lung disease .	rapidly
Wounded , he recovered enough to remain in office and win re-election , although he would ultimately die from its effects two years later .	ultimately
He participated in the men 's 105 kg event at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships , and at the 2016 Summer Olympics , finishing in twelfth position .	finishing
This difference affects mainly some vowels .	difference
By a presidential decree on Dec 31 2014 he was nominated Knight of the Legion of Honor ( Chevalier de la Légion d 'honneur ) .	presidential
The Authagraph world map can be tiled in any direction without visible seams .	visible
They easily won the league 's Second Division in their second season at that level , and finished fourth in the First Division in 1989 – 90 .	easily
It was expanded with a rear ell added in 1960 and a smaller addition in 1977 .	rear
This becomes particularly important when large debt crises occur .	occur
Their fishing and farming efforts shrunk .	fishing
The number branches increased similar .	branches
STAT5 is important for regulatory T cell ( Treg ) differentiation and function , which may explain why many STAT GOF patients have low Tregs .	patients
They were rounded up and dispatched to help in the Qin expansion south , then made to settle in areas around Fuzhou and Guilin .	expansion
The 2015 IIHF Women 's World Championship Division II was an international Ice hockey tournament run by the International Ice Hockey Federation .	hockey
Aruban law allows for investigators to make an arrest based on serious suspicion .	serious
They regulate the production and distribution of ideas of their age .	ideas
This led to a concept being put forth to combine Delta IV production processes into a new Atlas design : the " Atlas Phase 2 " .	processes
In response to the Central Florida Tornado of February 2007 , ARC began a large scale disaster relief operation .	scale
He died in 1874 leaving his elder daughter , Henrietta , as his literary executrix .	literary
According to Haami , the number of Māori emigrating to Australia rose from 290 in 1960 to 1,750 in 1967 .	rose
Thirteen artists submitted works , and Clennell received one of the premiums for his picture entitled " The decisive charge of the Life Guards at Waterloo " .	picture
Izzy later realises that Karl has mistaken a paediatrician who shares Jeremy 's office for Jeremy .	shares
The Puget Sound Navy Museum is an official naval museum located in Bremerton , Washington , United States .	naval
This area is distinct from the City of Miami Gardens , a Miami-Dade County municipality which incorporated in 2003 .	distinct
Sanders also produced flexible circuity for most other commercial applications including medical equipment .	applications
Sources of drinking water were contaminated as a result of the system 's storm surge and the flooding of the sources of fresh water .	storm
In recent years , the collections expanded to include earthworms , bats , shrews , larval fishes etc .	collections
Holy Noise was an electronic dance music group from the early 1990s best known for the 1991 song " James Brown is Still Alive " .	electronic
Differences from the LLT include a slightly lower compression ratio , 11.3 : 1 , and lower power and torque peaks .	slightly
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
It is the public high school for the surrounding towns of Morris , Warren , and Goshen .	towns
Population : 16,627 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Bagan accounts for 33.1 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
Remarkably , he defended his jersey for ten days , even on stages not well-suited to his strengths .	stages
Despite the NATO campaign appearing to violate NATO 's charter , the UNSC rebutted the case on March 24 and March 26 , 1999 .	appearing
Unable to keep a sheep in her backyard forever , Houston started Farm Sanctuary with then-husband Gene Baur , and Hilda was their first rescued farm animal .	animal
The event was streamed live and on demand .	demand
According to the historian Robert H. Hewsen , Sahl was a Syunid prince , who seized Gegharkunik from Syunid family domains and established a princedom for himself .	historian
Only two people ( a fan of his who happened to be around and a neighbor ) attended his funeral .	happened
There are also birds of prey such as prairie falcon , red-tailed hawks , and golden eagles .	birds
It is possible that the inhabitants of the Knap of Howar buried their dead here .	inhabitants
The council is now exploring more piecemeal ways of bringing in development and Jeremy Corbyn praises Preston for its " inspiring innovation " .	ways
) , but with a high-speed internet connection downloading them should not cause any problems .	connection
The unincorporated community of Wabeno was built in an area where timber had been cleared by a tornado in June 1880 .	unincorporated
Eventually , the Greys opened a dialogue with the Illuminati led by the ominous Mr. White ( Proctor ) , and struck a deal with them .	struck
A short-lived attempt to capture it for Parliament was defeated by Charles Cavendish in a battle that saw Colonel Oliver Cromwell distinguish himself as a cavalry leader .	capture
The springs are all grouped about the base of the Hot Springs Mountain , with a flow of well over a half million gallons a day .	flow
These included the section between downtown Nashville and the Rutherford County Line , and the eastern terminus with I-75 .	downtown
This verse urges the Prophet of Islam to announce Ali as his successor on his way from his last pilgrimage to Mecca .	successor
To facilitate travel by UK citizens . " "	citizens
His brother , Dr. William York , was one of the known victims of the notorious Bender family of Labette County , Kansas .	victims
Conditions are more temperate along the coast , and the high mountains retain snow all year .	mountains
Karacailyas station has two side platforms serving two tracks .	platforms
Transmission and distribution losses remain high in Armenia , even compared to Russia .	losses
The defending Pan American Games champion is Mayra González of Cuba .	defending
The bottom two clubs are relegated to Division One .	bottom
However , one of the drawbacks of this choice was that the island had no local wildlife .	choice
If the objective is met within the time , the attacking dynasty advances to the next territory and is given a new objective .	dynasty
This link between post-synaptic BOLD activity increase and dopamine release can be explained by blockage of dopamine reuptake .	link
My childhood memories of the heroic stature of the footballers and cricketers of the day invoke the sounds that went along with them .	childhood
In the interview , Devine stated that his idol is Barry Sanders , and that his best game of his career at that point was against Maryland .	interview
It ’ s as good as it gets .	gets
The art works are given away as gifts or are used as home decorations for special occasions .	occasions
Transmission is a fairly straightforward concept ; it is how the different components and phases of an information system communicate with each other .	components
Began its association with Tikbalang 1860 discovery of a statue to Cambodia since the 10th century .	10th
He played all the matches and minutes for the eventual winners during the tournament , scoring in the final against Ghana ( 3 – 0 ) .	winners
After the effective end of military rule , in 1989 , the Chilean government took steps to investigate additional activities under the Pinochet regime .	effective
The reform also constituted changes in customs fees ( tariffs ) .	reform
Townley would later seek the state 's other senate seat in 1958 ( see election ) , and was known for creating the National Non-Partisan League .	creating
In 2008 and 2009 , the women 's rugby team won the Midwest Championship for the first time in school history .	rugby
Actual decommissioning will take many years until completion . "	completion
The exceptions are symbols and contexts , which are shared instead of copied , and thus can be used for indirection .	shared
In 1887 Tainter invented the helically wound paper tube as an improved graphophone cylinder .	improved
Cadieux served on the negotiating committee to determine maritime boundaries with the United States .	determine
The most recent agreed statement dealt with Marian theology and was published in 2004 .	statement
No phone handset can improve on this quality , as it is a limitation of the phone system itself .	improve
There she worked both as a freelance journalist and as a short story writer for women 's magazines such as " Alt for Damerne " .	journalist
Here was a black woman popularizing urban songs often written by immigrant Jews to a national audience of predominantly white Christians .	audience
At the same time as the ships were ordered , the owners of Siljavarustamo were drawing up plans to reorganise their operations .	owners
At 25 , he was the youngest MP elected that year .	youngest
To counter this threat , a task force was formed with HMS " Battler " , the cruisers and , and the destroyers and .	task
Each hour 4 trains go both southbound and northbound .	hour
Schneider also testified that the city commissioners were well aware of Section 3 's prohibition on new roads .	roads
The Didessa 's drainage area is about 19,630 square kilometers , covering portions of the Benishangul-Gumuz Region and the West Welega Zone of the Oromia Region .	covering
The new pipeline would be capable of pumping one million barrels per day .	capable
In 1999 it was reported that , in five years just 62 indictments and 13 convictions resulted from thousands of international child abduction cases of abductions .	thousands
She painted a portrait of Rev .	painted
The team used camerawork in every Max Super Desperation Move and Climax Super Special Move in order to make them look stylish .	look
Rheumatic and other inflammatory illnesses are treated at the spa .	treated
He was named justice of the peace in the Eastern District in 1812 and in the Ottawa District in 1816 .	peace
Party organisation in Brandenburg remained the focus of his employment till 1952 .	organisation
One of their children was the composer Rosalind Ellicott .	composer
Sonic Explorations is the debut album by American jazz pianist Matthew Shipp and alto saxophonist Rob Brown , originally issued on LP in 1988 on Cadence Jazz .	jazz
The issue of Italian prisoners of war in the Soviet Union remained a hot political topic in post-war Italy .	prisoners
He was later instrumental in the creation of the town of Bourne from Sandwich in 1884 , serving as one of the new town 's selectmen .	creation
The Lake Powell Chronicle is a weekly newspaper in Page , Arizona , United States .	weekly
You might imagine how in ancient Greek times the people of Colchis have paddled the Churia River with their large boats .	boats
She promptly underwent her first depth charge attack but suffered no damage .	depth
In many places " The Tent Dwellers " draws attention to ecological impact on the forest .	impact
In April 1999 , newLISP was ported to Linux ; some of its core algorithms were rewritten , and all Windows-specific code removed .	core
In 2009 , the CDC enabled the sales of electronic books directly to individuals and provided digital delivery services for the University of Michigan Press among others .	electronic
According to a local resident , government forces attacked an opposition radio and television station .	opposition
Craft passed for 186 yards and a touchdown to lead the Bruins to a 23-9 victory over the Wildcats .	touchdown
Lopez wrote the song with the assistance of Troy Oliver , Cory Rooney , Andre Deyo and Schooly D , with Oliver and Rooney serving as producers .	assistance
Parts of the house may date to the late 18th or early 19th century .	18th
This gives the game an open-world feel , and allows players who get stuck in one region to move on to another .	feel
The Robert F. Kennedy Children 's Action Corps , Inc. operates two juvenile correctional facilities in Westborough on behalf of the Massachusetts Department of Youth Services :	operates
A three-star private / gunner / trooper is one who is considered a fully trained soldier .	trained
The bark is fawnish cream in colour , with vertical cracks .	colour
She later returned to being a backing singer , appearing on the Vanilla Ice album " To The Extreme " .	appearing
They had two surviving children together – Freeman Earl and Sarah Jean .	surviving
Khvoyninsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
In the meantime he meets Radha and came to realise that she is the daughter of the person who became blind because of him .	meets
Some articles were written by the usual contributors of " Warhammer Quest " while others were fan-submitted material .	articles
His father was a television pioneer who produced and directed the first weekly dramatic series seen on television .	weekly
Fulbright died of a massive heart attack in the Hill and Knowlton offices in New York on June 6 , 1978 .	offices
The commune borders the department of Indre .	commune
These principles are the continuum around which various – and often rapidly changing – political parties and groups have campaigned ( and sometimes fought ) .	rapidly
Much like their macroscopic analog , microstructures can be produced using rapid prototyping methods .	methods
The Lithuanian intelligence agencies monitored and counteracted plečkaitininkai activities .	intelligence
The college has been ranked in the best 150 engineering colleges in India at 147th .	engineering
One of the Standard Oil captains who survived this attack had served on the Upper River for 14 years .	survived
It led to a follow up , " Crazy Mama " ( 1975 ) , produced by his wife , directed by Demm .	follow
Traditionally his birth year has been given as 1470 , because of a tradition that he was 95 at his year of death .	tradition
The castle was named Reussenstein after this family in 1371 .	castle
Marlow hosts Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM .	hosts
On November 12 , the group posted several black and photo illustrations on their social media profiles .	posted
She explains that she is Andy 's girlfriend and Gavin makes her stay for a drink .	stay
But since very little is known about Paleo-Balkan languages , it cannot be determined whether the features were present .	determined
The equalized CDF is defined in terms of rank as formula _ 7 .	rank
Lewis kept it fresh by having the actors improvise their dialogue .	actors
He used a hemicarcerand to isolate highly unstable , antiaromatic cylobutadiene at room temperature .	temperature
Jake decides to set the bear up by filming him eating the cakes .	decides
In 1861 , rival publisher Robert C. Satterlee of the " Kansas Herald " accused Anthony of being a coward .	accused
Polly Mead Patraw continued to study and write about botany .	write
In these portfolios , Morton continued Campbell 's work in providing electricity to the rural areas of the province .	providing
Breckland of the 1920s was an area of high unemployment and the Commission had few problems recruiting staff .	1920s
The DVD also included the making videos for " Show Me Your Holla " and " LOL " .	videos
Navashinsky District ( ) was an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
Initially Guerrero worked lower card matches , in the first-to-third match on the show with some success .	card
In most states , information gained within a confession or private conversation is considered privileged and may be exempted from mandatory reporting requirements .	requirements
She is diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour .	brain
As the 1960s ended the population growth rate fell very fast in the country .	fast
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 254 persons ( 21.5 % ) .	persons
Subsequent meetings are as follows in the table below .	meetings
The specific time interval can be set as an in-game option .	option
This act drives Michael and Barbara apart ending the Mallen Secret .	ending
The professional management of all the military bands of the Bundeswehr lies with the director of the Military Music Center of the Bundeswehr .	bands
He was allowed to keep ownership of the material and the book included the " Komikero Publishing " label .	ownership
Its natural habitats are dry savanna , moist savanna , and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland .	tropical
Since this may require the use of industrial equipment that has not actually been built there are clear difficulties with this approach .	require
Rob Neyer a sabermetrician and columnist for ESPN.com , contradicted anyone who asserted Hamels ' skills had deteriorated , instead commenting ,	skills
He surpassed offensive expectations by batting .259 with 4 home runs and a .741 OPS in 186 plate appearances .	offensive
Unbeknown to the others , he is preparing the Sonic Divers to combat WORMs .	combat
We are proud of them and felt towards them almost as if they were human ... "	felt
William Loughton Smith ( 1758 – December 19 , 1812 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and diplomat from Charleston , South Carolina .	lawyer
The glass bottle is believed to have been manufactured sometime between 1640 and 1670 .	glass
Hyatt 's professional wrestling career began in 1985 when she was hired by World Class Championship Wrestling ( WCCW ) .	hired
The church practices the sacraments of baptism and holy communion .	practices
Each city 's M roads are independently numbered .	roads
Each year , two large art festivals attract artists and visitors from all over the southeastern United States .	visitors
This name came about when an early land baron , Lord Tadayoshi Okabe , planted a row of cedar trees to mark the bounds of his property .	mark
In 1930 , Levine was arrested in the company of Mabel Boll for attempting to purchase dies to produce counterfeit 2franc coins .	purchase
His work involves an extensive degree of both experimental and computational based analysis .	extensive
The India-based National Centre for Medium Range Weather Forecasting anticipated the flood event three days in advance .	advance
The women 's design team is currently headed by Caroline Belhumeur .	headed
It is each player 's sole responsibility to pay attention to the moundball results on their own particular turn .	responsibility
Tiffany instead gives up Raymond 's daily whereabouts , including the weekly haircuts every Wednesday at 10 : 00 AM at Charlie 's barbershop .	weekly
A recent recorded threat to present the mace was on July 29 , 1994 , when Rep. Maxine Waters was given permission to address the House for 1	address
Researchers have identified an increase of suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 ( SOCS3 ) in a large number of STAT GOF patients .	patients
Eszterhaus says the film was based on the break up of his marriage .	break
In the next 1-and-a-half minutes of overtime , Chris Douglas-Roberts scored 5 points to cut the Kansas lead to 71-68 with 1 minute remaining .	minute
According to the report weather conditions were perfect .	weather
Since the foundation of the council in 1973 political control of the council has been held by the following parties :	foundation
They went into liquidation soon afterwards .	afterwards
Dan hesitates about taking the job , since it as far from the kind of work he usually does .	kind
The plant is able to deliver 400,000 Mcf / day of gas during peak send-out .	peak
Koch Pipeline and its affiliates currently maintain a 4,000-mile network of pipelines .	maintain
The book received mixed reviews : some critics found it to be overly critical with poor humour , others praised its tone and informativeness .	praised
Therefore , only 75 examples of the Luňák were produced in all .	examples
Flowering occurs mainly from mid-summer to late winter but flowers can be present most of the year .	flowers
He also brought feudal reform in Limbuwan and divided Limbuwan into new boundaries and districts .	reform
Geldenhuys appealed to the Transvaal Provincial Division of the High Court on several grounds .	grounds
But then matters are put in their proper perspective and the director opts for the usual happy ending .	ending
The record instead indicated that the miscalculation was " merely an inadvertent error . "	indicated
He served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1953 to 1958 , initially as a Social Credit representative and later as an independent .	representative
The chorus director is Michael Martinez , who teaches in the chorus room , also adjacent to the main part of the Auditorium .	adjacent
She negotiated a peace treaty , and returned with the high Byzantine title of curopalates for his son in 1032 .	peace
Upton Sinclair 's cottage was built with funds from Joseph Fels and named by other residents " Jungalow . "	funds
In this condition , the experimenter instructs the individual that it is time to work .	condition
On a layer 3 network such as Internet Protocol ( IP ) , each router along the data path constitutes a hop .	path
Buchka was a member of the Bundestag from 1953 to 1957 , representing the Christian Democratic Union of Germany .	representing
In 2011 , he landed his first job overseas , signing with German third-division club Füchse Duisburg .	signing
The music video for " No Other Baby " , which was filmed in black and white , highlights McCartney 's grief after Linda 's death .	filmed
The four were driven to Sagan police station the next morning where Bill Cameron was brought in .	morning
John Thompson , Jr . , coached them in his 14th season as head coach .	14th
The Mannesmann Tower hdid host aerials for mobile phone services .	mobile
The following players were named in the squad for the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup .	squad
It premiered at the Morelia International Film Festival in 2010 and was released in Mexico on January 28 , 2011 .	premiered
Zuism is a " social religion " , meaning that men and gods are considered symbiotic parts of the same complex whole .	religion
The bellboy tells the captain that all the life boats have been launched , and that those remaining aboard accept their fate .	boats
Although he was not a Dayton native , he enthusiastically led in helping to preserve many Dayton landmarks , notably Newcom Tavern and the Old Court House .	notably
It was released on December 8 in physical , mobile and digital formats .	mobile
The UK Government ’ s responsibility for the development of its colonies on a continuing basis was first recognised in 1929 by the Colonial Development Act .	responsibility
The Golden Lions beat Western Province in the semi-finals and Gauteng rivals the Blue Bulls in the final to win the competition .	beat
Earlier this month UEFA fined PAOK and threatened them with a ban from European competition for breaching licensing regulations .	threatened
Albano Cleaners dry clean all the donated coats and distribute them among the distribution sites .	donated
He was a theater actor turned movie actor .	theater
It is relatively common , even in areas with heavy human disturbance , due to its fast reproductive rate .	fast
Sensing something was wrong , Seven dispatched Lung Wu to shadow Ko Chun and make sure he suffers no injury .	something
She wanted to leave with her young sons , and came up with a plan to escape .	escape
It dismissed the petition for writ of certiorari " for want of jurisdiction . "	want
Arthur Cates ( 29 April 1829 – 15 May 1901 ) was an English architect .	architect
Stop Out also narrowly avoided the drop , staying up by virtue of a better goal difference than Manawatu United .	difference
These celebrations open a window for job opportunities and they attract more tourists .	window
Chappatte went to southern Lebanon in 2009 , where people still live with the threat of actual time bombs , in the form of cluster-munition bomblets .	actual
The Tiger-Maus was never built , but it was to use components from the Tiger II and the turret from the Maus .	components
Another commentator noted " It is mathematically impossible for the thirty million viewers of this show to beat the market , since they are the market . "	beat
The Australian Army also used Grants during World War II , mainly for home defence and training purposes .	purposes
Coal-based thermal power stations consume large quantities of coal .	coal
Certain properties in the locale can command some of the highest house prices in the greater Glasgow urban area .	properties
In addition inheritance is not a part of the solution because of the flexibility of zero or multiple roles ( role-specific attributes and operations ) .	solution
The racial make up of Saint-Jérôme is :	racial
The Junius Ward home was built at Erwin in 1826 as a log cabin , still standing today and is still owned by the same family .	standing
In terms of colour and morphology , Allison 's anole is superficially similar to the better-known American green anole .	colour
This type was called " oniwa-yaki " ( literally " garden ware " ) .	garden
A public referendum was called in August 2007 , and 60 percent of the public backed a presidential system of government .	presidential
According to the " Historical Dictionary of Air Intelligence " , Brunet still had knowledge of the handling of Soviet defectors in 1978 .	knowledge
Beginning with Norma Talmadge in " Poppy , " Banton designed clothing for Pola Negri and Clara Bow in the 1920s .	1920s
Wing Commander is a space combat simulator intercut with live action cutscenes .	combat
All-black fur pigmentation is slightly more prevalent in male cats than female cats .	slightly
Old Raahe is noted for its Renaissance-inspired rectilinear town plan featuring an unusual central-square ( called Pekkatori ) with closed corners .	unusual
Each zone has its own raft of departments for operation , maintenance , and finances .	zone
They finished 6th in the previous season but failed to get promotion via the playoffs .	promotion
In the roof of the house is a stone inscribed with the date 1599 , which is considered to have been removed from an earlier timber-framed house .	roof
Buckston was a right-handed batsman and played 75 innings in 39 first-class matches at an average of 11.83 and a top score of 96 .	first-class
From this point onward , the road was sealed off by rows of armoured vehicles and residents were hemmed into their housing estates .	vehicles
Gaussian PDF is equivalent to a roll of a large number of dice .	equivalent
This included a second aircraft , allowing the airline to start operations to Stavanger and Molde Airport , Årø in 2007 .	allowing
Gresham General Hospital opened in July 1959 in downtown Gresham at a former nursing home that opened in 1934 .	downtown
Forty-six of the camp sites have an electric hook-up .	electric
Star Black is a poet , photographer , and artist .	poet
Miscommunication between pilots and air traffic control is a prominent factor in fatal airplane crashes , airspace incidents , runway incursion , and mid-air collisions .	factor
They had a horse and cart for making deliveries .	horse
In recent years , multimedia biography has become more popular than traditional literary forms .	literary
It is contacted with a photomask using the contact stage .	contact
During Eskimos games , the service frequency is increased .	frequency
The house was extensively altered around 1610 , and stood until 1725 , when it was replaced by a smaller house , completed in 1726 .	stood
Before 1977 , fingerposts similar to those found in the United Kingdom were the main form of signage used on roads in the Republic of Ireland .	roads
Its highest point is the " Harrlberg " which lies roughly in the centre of the ridge .	roughly
" Michelangelo Pistoletto at Blenheim Palace " was a solo exhibition running 15 September – 31 December 2016 .	exhibition
Christopher " Chris " Jones ( born March 4 , 1955 ) is a videogame designer , video game producer , CEO , finance professional and actor .	designer
The fifth and last verse is the story of a bored gambler , trying " to create the next world war " .	trying
The end window bays are flanked by incised pilasters .	window
The story is told differently by the two sources survived , Ammianus Marcellinus and Zosimus .	survived
Chief pilot was to be a young Portuguese navigator in Spanish service , Pedro Fernandes de Queirós .	pilot
Historical documents ( including " Ain-e-Akbari " by Abul Fazal in 1590 ) state that the poor villagers of India used to wear clothes made of jute .	documents
Gus breaks in and hides in the roof , only coming out to do the housework .	roof
A private deal was signed on 16 July for the supply of up to 80MW from Northern Cyprus until the end of August .	supply
Before opening his shop , he borrowed money from his parents and got permission to use term of " general products " from Larry Niven .	shop
She has started her own production company , Freedom Bridge Entertainment , with Marlon Olivera and fellow actors Tamara Bass and Ty Hodges .	actors
The festival occurs annually around mid-September and lasts a total of two days .	annually
The draw for the third qualifying round was held on 20 July 2012 .	qualifying
We wrote that for Chante , ' and he was like ' I want that song . '	want
She is married and mother of two girls and a boy .	girls
I hope she made her peace .	peace
If these values are truncated it results in the following data :	values
The per capita income for the city was $ 22,871 .	capita
Here a new building , costing over US $ 50,000 was erected .	erected
When the half nelson has been put into place , it is used to turn the opponent over onto his back .	onto
Population was estimated to be at a slight decline .	decline
The effects of this mixing depend on the types ( the alleles ) of the gene .	gene
It was built in 1796 and restored in 1935 and again in 1995 .	restored
They also interact with notable people from the video game industry and learn about their work .	learn
Shinagawa is run by a city assembly of 40 elected members .	assembly
The early Marathi literature emerged during the Yadava rule , because of which some scholars have theorized that it was produced with support from the Yadava rulers .	scholars
Meanwhile her singing developed into composing where she built on her study of traditional Rwandan music .	singing
He represented the Jalesar constituency and is a member of the Samajwadi Party political party .	constituency
Wegner also argued that confinement transition of this theory had no local order parameter , but was instead described by a dual Ising model in 3 dimensions .	argued
Horse Creek is a stream in Solano County , California which discharges into Ulatis Creek .	stream
Moreover , clinical signs , diagnosis , treatment and prevention are mostly the same as in humans .	humans
In this period , Mitja Vidic organized handball practices in schools and designed meticulously planned training schedules for Olimpija ’ s senior team .	practices
The puppet theatre was disbanded in 1987 and the puppets were donated to Rand Afrikaans University ( RAU ) now the University of Johannesburg .	donated
The announcement of their marriage was printed on 5 September 1900 in " The San Francisco Call " .	printed
France contributed with Dumont d 'Urville Station and Charcot Station in Adélie Land .	contributed
Hoboken was originally formed as a township on April 9 , 1849 , from portions of North Bergen Township .	township
Various reviews in media have emphasized that Random enables people to break their filter bubble and find diverse content they might not find elsewhere .	break
Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions also have a global business partner program with more than 1000 Business Partners operating in over 70 countries .	global
In total , the scenes run for almost six minutes .	scenes
It has an estimated elevation of above sea level .	elevation
1981 : Clemson wins a National Championship < br >	wins
With demand high , the Lee County Land and Title Company started purchasing more land in the area .	demand
" Dunkerque " bore distinct similarities to the battlecruiser , which was discarded in February 1932 due to the London Naval Treaty .	distinct
The first mission to go over the lines was a general reconnaissance of the sector on 16 June .	sector
In 2010 , Ondrusek made the Cincinnati Reds ' Opening Day roster with a strong showing in spring training , throwing 10 scoreless innings .	showing
It was developed by George K. Spoor , the co-founder of Essanay Studios , a producer of silent movies in the first decades of the twentieth century .	decades
To the north and west are the waters of the Little Belt .	waters
Progressing to five straight victories , Fa added another win to his professional record , knocking out his debuting countryman Tussi Asafo in the first round .	straight
It has an average elevation of 14 metres ( 46 feet ) .	elevation
Deal Lake was a model system of the late 19th century for flood control and storm water management .	storm
This enabled the department to fund 13 positions returning the department 's staffing to 173 uniformed personnel .	personnel
This resort occupied 39 hectare of the peninsula which also included the 700-meter of private beach .	beach
The outbreak takes out one of the first-team players , giving Mike another chance ; he plays reasonably in a poor game .	chance
But the point is that it was never intended to be a pleasant picture . "	picture
Electricity was generated in Longreach by at least 1908 when it was installed in the Longreach Hotel by the City Electric Light Company .	installed
She later was a regular on " Savannah " ( 1996 – 97 ) , playing the rich socialite mother of Shannon Sturges ' character .	rich
In 2002 , Mendoza pitched in 62 games to an identical 8-4 record with a slightly better ERA of 3.44 .	slightly
Within twenty years , there were sixty houses , a church , gristmill , shipyards , sawmill , two inns and a bakery located near the harbour .	twenty
It produced 450-480 tons of copper annually .	annually
Suresh Shetkar was born in Naranyankhed , Medak to Shivrao Shetkar , a freedom fighter and three-time MLA and Chandramma .	freedom
All conversations must be in English unless special permission is granted 10 days in advance .	advance
officers involved in these fake drug arrests .	drug
A temporary mini-golf course is set up during August .	temporary
The weight of this carpet is 35 ton and is predominantly made from wool ( originating from New Zealand and Iran ) .	weight
It is so far the only State Key Laboratory ( SKL ) specifically in the field of Traditional Chinese Medicine ( TCM ) over the country .	specifically
In the case of self-similar fractals , paraphrasing Galileo , one could say that " scaling is like nothing " .	nothing
By October 2009 , the album 's sales stood at 85,000 .	stood
Čemernica is the source of many rivers , streams and creeks , and the largest waterways are Cvrcka and Jakotina .	rivers
Its commander is a Generalmajor or Konteradmiral .	commander
Thus , he was Nauru 's third head of state since its independence in 1968 .	independence
They have five daughters and live in Albert Lea , Minnesota .	daughters
In 1713 the missions were handed over to the " secular clergy " .	missions
This appears to be due to a block in the autophagosome-lysosome fusion mechanism .	block
Both are in the northeast part of Jefferson County .	northeast
In 1960 the " National Library of Australia " was created by act of parliament .	parliament
The only things close to this would be the Christian heresiographical use of referring to these varied groups as " gnostics " .	things
Some of the company 's luxury goods are known internationally .	goods
This marine species occurs off Northeast Brasil .	marine
The patriarch Bricaud claimed the spiritual heritage of John of Patmos .	heritage
It is Dovzhenko 's second World War II documentary , and dealt with the Battle of Kharkov .	documentary
To get past the guards at Lorne 's door , Gunn has Fred dress as one of the Lornettes .	door
Measuring wide , the cap is initially convex with a central umbo before becoming flat or even funnel-shaped with age .	flat
Full refunds ( excluding clerical charges ) are available up until two days before departure .	charges
However she becomes suspicious of him when she sees him with another woman and it is presumed they have split up since she left .	sees
His 142 improved upon the 139 at Faisalabad as his highest score .	improved
There are some objects in Armenia which are in the official list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites :	objects
Choreographers who participate in CHIME are provided with time in the studio and artist fees .	participate
He was involved with scientific skepticism from its early days , being a member of the board of directors of the Southern California Skeptics in 1985 .	scientific
He was given a 15-yard unsportsmanlike penalty , and head coach Chan Gailey subsequently benched Johnson for the rest of the game , ending his season .	ending
Studios and offices are located on North Water Street and the transmitter is near St. Louis Bridge Road .	offices
Brawl Busters offers a Team and Versus Mode , which as of the 16th update was expanded to up to 16-player brawls .	16th
Margaret was the ancestress of many royal houses , including the Valois and Bourbons .	royal
The department also has to contend with the interference of the prime minister 's " blue skies " adviser Julius Nicholson .	blue
It is unknown whether the adult Laurel ever used " Andromeda " ( or any other codename ) during her own youth in the Legion .	adult
This game depends on usage of this technique .	technique
The 984 covered a huge area , out to hundreds of kilometres against high-flying targets .	huge
Dienda and other opposition politicians were shouted down , with Utoni Nujoma and Petrus Iilonga vocally opposing the idea .	opposition
A comprehensive picture emerged from quantum-Boltzmann equations , the operator product	picture
" Chicago Tribune " , James Joyce Pub Award , July 12th , 2011 < br >	12th
It 's a region , it 's a convergence of many different structures . "	structures
The team also formerly had their own cheerleading squad called the Chicago Honey Bears .	squad
The bays of the south-facing main facade are delineated by paneled Doric pilasters , and the windows are framed by Italianate molding .	windows
Freudenthal received his education at the universities of Breslau and Göttingen , and at the rabbinical seminary of Breslau .	universities
Dual Coding Theory : Another theory in the information processing debate is Paivio ’ s work in dual coding .	debate
Rand also painted three U.S .	painted
The typical webbing found on their hind feet allows for easy movement through water .	typical
The takeover bid was barred by regulatory authorities .	authorities
Liljegren phoned Grimmark and asked him whether he was interested in working together on a project .	interested
Other examples of the castles of the Welsh princes are :	examples
On May 24 , 2005 , he was called up for a spot start .	spot
Devine won his fourth Big East Offensive Player of the Week for games ending September 13 , 2010 .	ending
Urban sanitary districts were established in the following categories of towns :	towns
However , these policies did not stop creators from slipping in gay characters and themes ; J.M .	policies
Each operation has an associated cost , and the goal is to find the sequence of edits with the lowest total cost .	sequence
The ancient content of the national cultural monument is kept and national and European motifs are combined as a united architectural platform .	architectural
The artist explained his approach : “ I only do what it is necessary to do .	necessary
On the 18 September 2001 during the centenary of federation the federal member for Hinkler , Paul Neville , would request of the speaker that :	request
VRs on the luminal membrane of the collecting duct limit the antidiuretic action of vasopressin .	limit
Three Confederate columns and artillery approached Bean 's Station to catch the Federals in a vise .	artillery
She underwent a period of sea trials off the United States West Coast finishing 27 July 1946 .	finishing
It 's The Colonel , telling Wallace where Esther is : she is at the Roark family farm , long since abandoned at this point .	abandoned
The name " chia-nan " was derived from two place names among its surrounding area called Chiayi and Tainan .	derived
They " concluded that the Bradley had exploded " .	concluded
Jackie attended the opening of the environment Jaldhaara Foundation .	environment
Vehicles that can operate singly ( single car DMUs and locomotives ) only have one aerial .	operate
Ernie is allergic to dogs and Willy , Ethel 's constant companion for the past 9 years , would have to go .	constant
The outline of the former harbour can still be seen in the fields between Wiveton and Cley .	fields
Rocky Comfort is an unincorporated community in northeastern McDonald County , Missouri , United States , on Route 76 .	unincorporated
The terrorists follow in the hope that the agents will lead them to Cris .	follow
They recruit cute wallflower Kate in their scheme to publicly humiliate the lad .	scheme
On 3 August 1999 , Ansell ambushed several police officers at a roadblocked intersection and fatally shot one of them .	intersection
He announced to his Swedish fanbase that he would no longer go on tour in the country due to the incident .	incident
He could only call select playoff games at the time , but did file reports for ABC Sports and ESPN 's Stanley Cup Finals coverage .	coverage
Parri was the president of the Federazione italiana associazioni partigiane ( FIAP ) , and authored several important studies on the history of the Italian resistance .	resistance
The Wrangler also holds the Models to Best Hold Its Value recognition from Kelley Blue Book for 1998 , 1999 , 2003 , 2011 , and 2012 .	recognition
Demands do fluctuate randomly , therefore , they should be followed on a daily , weekly or a monthly basis .	weekly
Research during the war led to widespread use of taper , especially in the post-war era .	widespread
Finally , there is an application section , essentially a roleplay .	application
Ratner 's motto was " you can sell anything if you use radio to introduce it . "	sell
They reunite with Sally and choose to live next door to her .	door
DeSimone was present at Cianci 's home the night in March 1983 when Cianci was accused of beating Raymond DeLeo .	accused
Songs that have been written / recorded by Raven-Symoné , but not released on a studio album or otherwise .	otherwise
Its current general secretary Muhammad Fakhr Edin .	secretary
Dental and nursing degrees are offered .	degrees
A trophy and prize money is awarded to each of the first three places in each competition class .	prize
Many of the events he describes involved the matron .	describes
He was ordained a Catholic priest of the Society of Jesus in 2006 .	priest
hang from the ceiling , and the bodies of 1957 Chevys and Buicks serve as dining tables in the cafe .	bodies
On Cybertron , Galvatron killed Leadfoot and easily overpowered Hound 's unit , though he left them alive as a small act of defiance against his master .	easily
A kitchen garden can be created by planting different herbs in pots or containers , with the added benefit of mobility .	garden
Volleyball is rapidly growing as one of the most popular sports .	rapidly
He was then instructed to enter the Old Arsenal and destroy the ships there .	enter
STAND was able to use its grassroots network in order to garner the support of key state senators and encouraged them to sponsor the bill .	bill
An active object framework is a callback-based form of multitasking for computer systems .	object
Other ethnic minorities include the Sri Lankan Moors , Sri Lankan Tamils , Burghers and Malays .	ethnic
However , the protest turned violent with 27 died and 137 people injured .	injured
In 2011 , Clariton Elementary School declined to Warning status due to not achieving AYP .	declined
RCT School of Musical Theatre provides year-round training in theatre arts for all ages .	arts
The massacre took place at 2 : 30 a.m. at the Golden Dragon restaurant in San Francisco , California .	restaurant
Poachers have long hunted elephants for ivory and hides , and now increasingly for meat .	increasingly
It is administered under Guntur railway division of South Central Railway zone .	zone
Use of the speech was approved by Intellectual Properties Management , the exclusive commercial licensor of King 's estate .	speech
At the postgraduate level , it introduced courses in Computer Science , Operational Research , Electronics and Biotechnology .	courses
Increasingly , there are groups of posi music artists who are dedicating most , if not all , of their music specifically to uplifting or motivational topics .	specifically
He scored four goals , including a winning strike against title contenders Dinamo , as the team surprisingly finished on top of the table .	strike
Approximately 500 staff , or almost half the total , entered the armed forces .	armed
Another is that it didn 't fit nicely into theories of the times .	didn
All draws are held at UEFA headquarters in Nyon , Switzerland unless stated otherwise .	otherwise
The show was simultaneously broadcast in Canada on CTV or CTV Two , depending on schedule .	depending
His explanation and translation of the " Book of Job " was published at Freiburg , 1849 .	translation
Marashi is a cousin of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani 's wife , Effat Marashi .	cousin
His win total is the seventh highest total in major league history .	seventh
It could also be that he is advising the men to be careful with their task , to handle the body of the Lord with ultimate care .	task
Demyansky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
With the agreement of a bonus , employees are involved with a certain percentage share of the economic success of the company .	employees
A rubidium or cesium bead , which is mounted over the nozzle , ignites the hydrogen ( by acting catalytically ) , and forms a cold plasma .	cold
If a tie ensues , this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages .	figures
October 3 : Import Perry McDonald led Pepsi to their second straight victory after they lost their first two games in the Third Conference .	straight
The airport is also used as a back-up for scheduled flights to Anglesey whenever Anglesey Airport is closed .	scheduled
Kara Koyunlu 's sovereignty lasted until Uzun Hasan , ruler of Ak Koyunlu , conquered it in 1468 .	lasted
It was owned in a 50 / 50 partnership by the African telecommunications group Telkom and multinational operator Vodafone .	partnership
The " Minerals Yearbook " contains statistical production data as well as information on economic and technical trends .	technical
In later centuries , divine kingship myths would flourish in the legends of Charlemagne ( 768 – 814 ) as a divinely-appointed Christian king .	centuries
In 1968 Titcomb went solo and toured across Canada and parts of Europe .	toured
However , apart from the ability to fly , which they enjoy greatly , they tend to prefer the physical forms of humanoids for everyday life .	greatly
Rasmus Hansson ( born 1954 ) , Norwegian biologist , civil servant , environmental activist and politician	environmental
Since they prefer human form , steel dragons rarely live in caves .	steel
Cheenu is unable to come as he is afraid of police action .	unable
In contrast , the tango that originated in the family clubs of the suburban neighborhoods ( Villa Urquiza / Devoto / Avellaneda etc . )	contrast
Grant began during his freshman year at Foothill High School , California , where he lettered as a running back and safety .	safety
In 1977 he retired from competition to coach the national junior ( 1977 – 1985 ) and senior teams ( 1989 – 1991 ) .	junior
Listing " FONTS : " would show the files from both locations .	locations
This replaces the temporary provision made by the Scotland Act 1998 ( Transitory and Transitional Provisions ) ( Publication and Interpretation etc .	temporary
The 2008 student protests in Chile were a series of protests and other manifestations by citizens of dissatisfaction against the state of education in Chile .	citizens
A grey van was stolen the day before after the driver was shot in the leg .	driver
After returning to school , Will apologizes to Layla and teams up with Warren , the sidekicks , and Ron Wilson to try to save the day .	save
CF : Last Degree : " January 1st – 15th 2018 , "	15th
Some penalties are signalled with a generic " illegal procedure " signal .	signal
Most sources , however , acknowledge His as the forerunner in advancing the technique .	technique
De Laroche participated in aviation meetings at Heliopolis in Egypt as well as Saint Petersburg , Budapest and Rouen .	meetings
During this time he helped excavate the famed mound site of Kolomoki in the lower Chattahoochee River Valley of southwest Georgia .	southwest
He filed his certificate of candidacy at the Commission on Elections in October 16 , 2015 .	filed
The larvae feed on " Helianthus " species .	feed
Before acceptance of its first class , more than $ 17 million had been donated from community and business leaders .	donated
He thumbs through her copy of " Rhinehardt 's Compendium " , finding information his copy does not contain .	contain
As a result of eliminating the monotonal aspects of traditional didgeridoos , the Didjeribone can be used in horn concertos .	aspects
The match was contested by Port Vale and Brentford on 22 April 2001 .	contested
The trucks were a support category to the PASS South Super Late Models on short tracks throughout North Carolina .	category
Only the team opposed to the team which doubled the last time can call a double , which may go on infinitely .	opposed
When the President is a Democrat , the opposition 's response is given by a Republican and vice versa .	opposition
" He choose us in Him before the foundation of the world , that we would be holy and blameless before Him .	foundation
Polly Stockton 's future top horses include Benromach , Imperial Trump and Ortolan .	horses
Due to presence of industries and mining activities Viskarma Puja is also one of the important festival .	mining
In 342 DR , the last Council of Illefarn chose to retreat fully to Evermeet .	chose
This started with operators sitting at conventional radar displays that had been equipped with a joystick .	equipped
Mr. Joyce was not teaching early Egyptian perversions nor inventing new ones .	ones
It has emerged that the actual runway take-off length was underestimated by 160 metres in the £ 1.5 million feasibility study .	actual
A post office was erected in 1866 and the community was incorporated into a town in 1869 .	erected
It was commonly referred to as the " Little Six " , in contrast to the Big Six Conference that eventually became the current Big 12 .	contrast
That 's the way art really is . "	really
The Conservatory of Music of St. Scholastica 's College was founded in 1907 by Sister Baptista Battig OSB , herself a noted concert pianist .	herself
Ohio State defeated Michigan to record its third consecutive victory over the Wolverines , winning 42 – 28 .	consecutive
The square was first established in 1801 , around Town End Field owned by Thomas Winckley , as an exclusive residential area for the town 's gentry .	residential
However , Hollywood has trivialized her importance .	importance
Voorhees is directing and portraying a fictionalized version of herself in the upcoming horror film " 13 Fanboy " ( 2019 ) .	herself
The defending Pan American Games champion is Adam Reynolds , Andrew Borden , John Haver , Paul Amesbury of Canada .	defending
WTVO was originally a primary NBC affiliate and shared secondary ABC status with WREX-TV .	shared
From 1898 to 1905 he assumed command of the cruiser , which was assigned to the Russian Pacific Fleet .	assumed
He played college football at the University of Central Florida and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fourth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
The Cubs , first known as the White Stockings , were a founding member of the NL in 1876 , becoming the Chicago Cubs in 1903 .	founding
They stormed the temple and slaughtered the other monks , but were too late to catch Aang , who had run away from home shortly before .	shortly
It uses a Walther-type tilting locking piece , located below the straight-recoiling barrel , to lock it to the slide .	piece
Three weeks later , Glinka had another strong showing in 28-14 win over Duke .	showing
On August 11 , 2017 , the Chicago White Sox acquired Burr from Arizona for international signing bonus pool money .	signing
Included in this law were protections against large scale land grabbers .	scale
She is capable of a top speed of 25 knots .	capable
Category : Transportation buildings and structures in Routt County , Colorado ] ]	structures
By 7 June 1917 , the battery had moved to Hemmel ready to participate in the Battle of Messines Ridge and were transferred to 51st HAG .	participate
While Hudson-Weems ' conception refuses to see the Africana man as an enemy , disregarding the harm that Africana men have imparted on to the community .	enemy
Johnson 's name is attached to the Johnson portrait of William Shakespeare in the Folger Shakespeare Library .	attached
Following the series Lionel Abbott , along with his brother Ed , went on to establish the company Abbott Racing .	establish
There , he made a speech to the people that his administration would do whatever they could to alleviate the hardship of the drought .	speech
The building is , in essence , still used as a working railroad station where tickets for the museum train rides are purchased .	railroad
Their face is hairless and is covered by convoluted outgrowths of skin ( as would be expected from the common name ) .	skin
All local publications are in French .	publications
Test 219 was a nuclear test conducted by the Soviet Union in the atmosphere via ICBM .	nuclear
GIS is a public shareholding company owned by individual investors and select institutions including QP .	institutions
In total the candidates of the party got 390,139 votes ( 4.45 % of the votes in the state ) .	candidates
Orechio was elected to the State Assembly for a fifth time in 1979 , finishing second behind Fortunato .	finishing
The Isukha speak Lwisukha and occupy the eastern part of Kakamega district .	speak
This is also the line-up of the third album which has guest performances from Rian Malan , Lani Pieters and Timon Wapenaar .	guest
Soepratman was the seventh of nine children .	seventh
At the age of 15 she moved to Tokyo to attend private high school while pursuing an acting career .	attend
The ventures range from Real estate , business consulting , consumer goods , automobiles to telecommunications .	goods
Jute is in great demand due to its cheapness , softness , length , lustre and uniformity of its fiber .	demand
After defending his title a record 5th time , Manuwa signed a four fight , exclusive contract with BAMMA .	defending
lists ) occurs in all major environments and is sometimes voiced intervocalically .	lists
He died on 12 December 1933 ; seven children survived him , but his wife , Helen , had died some time earlier .	survived
Their most recent book is " American Amnesia " , which argues for the restoration and reinvigoration of the United States ' mixed economy .	economy
Qualification rule : The first three finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next six fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the semifinals .	heat
The task of the four Hurricanes was to escort three Ju86 bombers from 12 Sqn in the attack on the airfield .	task
Five teams have competed in every finals tournament , three of which have won the title .	finals
Oklahoma City FC is an American women 's soccer team , founded in 2007 .	soccer
Turbulent mixing in stratified flows is described by mixing efficiency .	flows
The play is set in 1937 in Memphis , Tennessee , in a segregated hospital and its surrounding grounds .	grounds
TURBOMOLE is an ab initio computational chemistry program that implements various quantum chemistry methods .	methods
Recent years have seen the promotion of STEM events with guests such as Carol Vorderman highlighting the STEM approach .	promotion
On September 20 , 1931 , Karamyshevsky District was abolished and merged into Pskovsky District .	merged
He opposed the nullification act in 1832 .	opposed
During her travels she is befriended by an English-speaking medic ( Salahuddin ) who turns out to be an exiled American political activist .	turns
This would make prostitution the fourth-largest female occupation .	occupation
The coconuts were salvaged , too many to be eaten , and thousands were planted .	thousands
In some countries , the work of The Salvation Army may be called a command , led by a command commander .	commander
When money is deposited into the ear , the sculpture responds with Dutch accented audio recordings of observations about life and art .	recordings
Knight was slowed by ankle surgery following the 2003 FIBA World Championship and subsequently missed the first six games of the 2003 – 04 season .	surgery
I don ’ t think any of us in the Department of Religion knew him or began to know him .	think
He could get popularity even in the countries of Djibouti , Somalia and Yemen .	popularity
The nature of enslavement in Cherokee society in the antebellum years was often similar to that in European-American slave society , with little difference between the two .	difference
He is also of Irish ( Celtic ) descent .	descent
The tectonic regime in this part of the world is extremely complex and involves a number of minor as well as major plates .	extremely
Laverton ran his own in-house cricket team which played at W. H. Laverton 's Ground and a home cinema until money ran out in 1921 .	cricket
In 1762 he joined the Poker Club of Edinburgh , and may have been a co-founder of this influential body ,	influential
He is portrayed as an attentive and dedicated husband who is deeply in love with Phyllis .	portrayed
This hill also has the temple of ' Hari Shresta Adi Jambava ' , Jambava is attributed to Agra Archana .	hill
Angel then shows up at the office of his former employees uninvited and unwelcome , barely acknowledges his former friends and helps himself to a book .	employees
The East German government minimised the amount that ice hockey was allowed to be played due to the cost .	hockey
Over time , when it had occasion to manifest itself , this " intelligence " became known as the mystical ' Starheart ' of fable .	intelligence
Chronos is able to escape Wonder Woman , Batman and Green Lantern after stealing a million dollars from the Powers City Bank .	escape
Even where black-and-white positives are currently used , the process to create them typically uses an internegative with standard processing instead of a chemical reversal process .	chemical
Treforest Estate railway station is a small railway station in Treforest , near Cardiff , built to serve the workers and visitors of Treforest Industrial Estate .	visitors
It 's spillway is located on its crest and is controlled by four tainter gates .	controlled
The larvae feed on " Polymnia uvedalia " .	feed
Shaw continues to sit on the walk 's steering group , which is responsible for managing the path .	path
The per capita income for the city was $ 18,001 .	capita
During the week before the game , El Paso celebrated the Sun Bowl Carnival with a theme of " Old Timers Day . "	celebrated
Their modelling results showed that all three factors are important but human behavioral responses showed the largest effects .	factors
The 1938 storm blew in seeds , returning Fishers to its pre-1815 foliage .	storm
All of their albums contain songs that run the gamut from country , country rock to southern rock .	contain
The chancel is lit by four windows all c.1883 .	windows
The destroyer escort served in the screen protecting the carriers for 10 days .	screen
The Palestinian village of al-Kabri existed at the site from the post-Crusader period until 1949 .	existed
The larvae feed on " Balsamorhiza sagittata " .	feed
In 2005 , King directed " Looking for a Thrill : An Anthology of Inspiration " , an interactive DVD project commissioned by Thrill Jockey Records .	commissioned
The soundtrack of the movie was released on November 23 , 2009 , from the Walt Disney Records .	soundtrack
As a result , his fundamental contributions to probability theory gained very little attention .	contributions
The band 's combination of styles is most notable in their all original compositions and music on all of their albums .	combination
The run-of-river-type dam feeds an underground hydroelectric power station located approximately away , via tunnel .	underground
Hilee Delano Taylor ( born July 18 , 1986 ) is a former American football defensive end .	defensive
Stockton at that time was one of the centers of the gold mining country .	mining
The last Yelp customer review for the cafe was posted on March 12 , 2016 , almost 20 months after the premiere of " Dumb Starbucks " .	posted
It has 10 eights , 30 + skiffs and more than 100 boats in total .	boats
According to the governor of the Pueblo of Tesuque Mark Mitchell , IHS does not cover everything that insurance does .	governor
Two notable Finnish authors , Sally Salminen and Anni Blomqvist , were born in Vårdö .	authors
There will also be a Ticket Office Terminal for issuing " contactless smart cards . "	cards
Houston graduated 1983 , and quickly became involved in animal rights research and activism .	animal
He also served as majority leader and minority leader for the 1983 and 1987 sessions respectively and majority whip in the 1979 session .	session
Another important development for the company was the introduction of bakelite cabinets for its radios .	introduction
Circumstances result in the goat acquiring rock star status in his village and beyond .	beyond
By the time of weaning at 4 weeks of age , young bats weigh 25 g and have wings spanning 36 cm .	wings
The B1 level is for the station concourse and the B2 level is for the platforms .	platforms
The song is a mix of synth , digitally delayed guitar , bass and drums .	bass
On 18 June 2000 , the parties agreed to a comprehensive peace agreement and binding arbitration of their disputes under the Algiers Agreement .	peace
Dave Riley ( born David Michael Riley ) is an American musician .	musician
The entire stock was transferred to the lower ground floor of the Barker 's store and became known as Ponting Bargain Basement .	stock
As a critic , he believed in high moral standards for literature but offered good-natured praise in the majority of his reviews .	standards
The following tables gives an overview on all branches and groups of SCI .	branches
A second wire is attached to a rod driven into the ground some distance away .	attached
Hamels started Game 2 of the 2009 National League Division Series against the Colorado Rockies , allowing four earned runs through five innings to take the loss .	allowing
At the conclusion of the season , championship-winning head coach Domenic Barba resigned from his position .	resigned
It was just a mismatch , although I didn 't realize it at the time . "	didn
Svetlanka follows Serena and ends up slapping her when she sees Luka is still around .	sees
The forms of baji are divided into armed and unarmed routines .	armed
On the eastern end of town , Webb Field has two baseball fields ( Little Webb and Big Webb ) and a pavilion for community events .	fields
The eggs vary in shape , but most often are a rounded oval .	shape
The Developmental Smuggling Model is a unified model in that it describes phases of smugglers and organizations .	describes
By 26 November , the vast majority of the city 's 150,000 original inhabitants had fled .	inhabitants
In 1960 , Montañita was the place where many foreign people linked with the hippie movement became enamored and decided to settle permanently .	linked
Alexander ( died 247 BC ) was a Macedonian governor and tyrant of Corinth .	governor
Before he can be cured , the Illuminati attack , killing Cray and stopping the process .	killing
Wesley tries to warn him to be careful , telling him he should know what Darla was .	tries
At the top of the tank , " p " is equal to the atmospheric pressure .	equal
Results for associations with other childhood cancers are more mixed ( e.g .	childhood
As of 2016 , Perry 's 68 rushing touchdowns with the team remains a franchise record .	franchise
The Special Operations Division encompasses the Strategic Traffic Enforcement Unit , Community Resource Officers , Community Service Officers , and all the volunteer functions .	functions
The magnitude of the earthquake was originally measured as being between 4.9 and 5.4 on the Richter scale .	scale
On March 31 , 1988 , he was appointed as minister responsible for Cultural Affairs and minister responsible for French language legislation .	legislation
But no one warned that the mind repeats	mind
It was isolated in the pure form by passing F	passing
I like boys all right , but I don 't like them my own age .	boys
Forrest also credits Bannon , quite frankly , with saving her life .	quite
Sharing the length of a standard-bed SuperCab , the F-150 SuperCrew was produced with a slightly shortened bed .	slightly
In 1961 , the USC fraternity Sigma Nu pulled what some have called the greatest prank in the rivalry 's history .	greatest
In MTT , the LFs for L are included in the entry for L in the Explanatory Combinatorial Dictionary :	entry
PA 313 continues near more residences with some businesses , making a turn to the east and leaving Quakertown for Richland Township .	businesses
However , acting as the conduit for Tommy and Malina 's combined powers is inevitably fatal to the conduit .	powers
TGN is a structured vocabulary currently containing around 1,106,000 names and other information about places .	containing
In order to identify a portion of a protein as a degron , there are often three steps performed .	protein
At York University , his teams won three division championships , three Ontario Championships , and one Canadian championship .	championships
Experience with copper has assisted the development of other metals ; in particular , copper smelting led to the discovery of iron smelting .	iron
On the way home , Barry sees Lisa fatally shot and takes it very hard .	sees
The species occurs in primary tropical moist forest .	tropical
After this , bidding continues like in the normal game .	normal
This is better than the Philippines ' 129th out of 178 , ranking in 2011 with a 2.6 CPI , in Transparency International 's list .	ranking
This led to many fans ordering Primus with Unicron head from Hasbro Toy Shop .	fans
Car parking is a major problem in Ballarat Central , with restricted parking times ( parking meters ) .	meters
White intercepted a pass by quarterback Trevor Siemian to seal the Bills ' victory in the fourth quarter .	quarter
Metallic currency can only serve as a measure of value because it is itself a product of human labor .	measure
As of the census of 2000 , there were 6,098 people , 2,348 households , and 1,751 families residing in the city .	residing
After studying theology , he became a minister in the Methodist Episcopal Church of the New England Conference in 1859 .	studying
Cyanuric acid has also been used as NPN .	acid
modified Diels ' description , adding the Northern Province , which comprised the Kimberley and Pilbara districts .	modified
In addition to taking responsibility for much of the day-to-day administration of the Royal Collection , Millar also wrote many catalogues and other works .	responsibility
the dimension of the longitudinal plane .	plane
Viator won three separate bodybuilding championships ; Teen Age Mr. America , Jr . Mister America , and lastly , the title of Mr. America .	championships
Harvey got an exclusive interview with Ritchie before notifying police .	interview
The database corresponding to the virtual mediated schema formula _ 2 is called the " global database " .	global
Amateur , is the leading annual golf tournament in the United States for amateur golfers .	amateur
During the 1930s Elfsborg built a very strong team led by striker Sven Jonasson , who appeared in both the 1934 and 1938 World Cup .	1930s
" Botched " holds an approval rating of 25 % on Rotten Tomatoes based on eight reviews .	rating
In 1972 , he was chosen to represent Fiji in the Summer Olympics .	represent
It is operated by a state agency .	agency
Our panelists could barely believe how flavorful and tender the 16-ounce bone-in rib-eye was . "	believe
The film features Kamal Haasan and Sridevi in the lead roles , while Silk Smitha , Poornam Vishwanathan and Y. G. Mahendra play supporting roles .	supporting
Regardless , the Kansas City Royals signed Smith as a free agent and invited him to spring training for 1998 .	invited
It is a three-aisled neo-Gothic hall church .	hall
Lee began as the Church of God Bible Training School in 1918 , a small Bible institute of twelve students and one teacher .	twelve
James Kingsley Thacher ( October 19 , 1847 – April 20 , 1891 ) was an American professor of medicine .	medicine
Several injuries , most of them minor , can and have occurred .	injuries
By this stage McCarthy had also joined the Cork junior team .	junior
Further tests and a radical hysterectomy " went well " , according to her publicist , and Goody began chemotherapy and radiotherapy .	tests
In 2011 Mikheil Saakashvili the president of Georgia signed the amendment of constitution which located the parliament in the western city of Kutaisi .	parliament
As an interim measure until delivery of the F-111 , the US government offered 24 Boeing B-47 Stratojets to the RAAF .	measure
Only wizards can see through the illusions that protect its cave-entrance .	protect
He was president of the Central Districts Cricket Association from 1949 to 1955 and was known as the father of Central Districts cricket .	cricket
However , the shipyard at Barrow remains England 's busiest and the only nuclear submarine facility in the country .	nuclear
As early as 781 , the Empress Irene began to seek a closer relationship with the Carolingian dynasty and the Papacy .	dynasty
In 1992 , Radiomail entered into a partnership with Research in Motion , RAM Mobile Data , and Ericsson .	partnership
An hour later Fletcher ordered an airstrike launched , believing that the two carriers reported were " Shōkaku " and " Zuikaku " .	hour
In mid-January 2003 , the Massachusetts State Legislature approved expanded budget-cutting powers for the Romney administration .	powers
Operator interfaces are expected to be improved as well .	improved
Since 2000 , the city has experienced the highest population growth percentage of any municipality in Brevard County .	experienced
North Bergen is a township in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .	township
Kander began taking pictures when he was 13 on a Pentax camera , which he bought with his Bar Mitzvah money .	camera
Eugen Glueckauf FRS ( 9 April 1906 , Berlin – 12 September 1981 , Oxford ) was a German-born British expert on nuclear power .	nuclear
" Ntolonapemk " is a historic name given to the site by the local Passamaquoddy tribe , meaning " Our Relative 's Place " .	tribe
The dome was on the front section of the boiler and the regulator valve was arranged in the smokebox .	arranged
Leela 's criticism leaves Fry to figure out how to make the story more compelling .	criticism
In mathematics , a Busemann " G " -space is a type of metric space first described by Herbert Busemann in 1942 .	mathematics
Very big importance is given to pedagogy and to its diffusion .	importance
Guitarist Charles Jenkins explained : " We were jealous of bands being able to afford big-name producers so we were forced to invent our own .	bands
After undergoing off-season shoulder surgery , Knight entered the 2012 – 13 season with the mindset of wanting to be the dominant big guy in the NBL .	surgery
In late June , his address was accidentally leaked on Facebook .	address
The ship was long , with a beam of } and a depth of .	depth
During the reign of Sultan Murad II , responsibilities of the caliph were transferred to the " Grand Mufti . "	reign
As a municipal division , it is incorporated as Sokolsky Urban Okrug .	municipal
In recent years , Pakistan has faced competition from regional players including Bangladesh , India and Vietnam .	faced
The film premiered on 27 September at the Mumbai International Film Festival in 2013 .	premiered
He has developed a new complexity based theory of cognition , and a Vedic approach to understanding quantum theory with new extensions of that theory .	understanding
The 2014 conference was on Globalization : A World of Exchange , focusing on the socio-cultural effects and repercussions of an increasingly interconnected world .	increasingly
He is however portrayed as his younger , Vietnam War-era self .	portrayed
Women in Brazil did not know that this law existed .	existed
It is also one of the leading causes of stillbirth .	causes
However , this is not a free presentation of because it satisfies the relations and .	relations
For career-related reasons , many archives refer to the author by his post-production pen name Mustafa Al-Habib .	reasons
A line outside , composed of curious locals , extended beyond the strip mall .	beyond
The 175th began receiving North American F-100 Super Sabre fighters that were being withdrawn from service in the Vietnam War .	receiving
Pervomaysky District ( ) was an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
David Starkey in his article " Summertime " says that Joplin sings the song " with the authority of a very old spirit " .	authority
There are several departments , city boards , commissions , and committees that oversee the daily functions of the city government .	functions
Ilya Vladimirovich Oskolkov-Tsentsiper ( born 30 September 1967 , Moscow , USSR ) , social designer , media manager and entrepreneur , inventor , charismatic pioneer .	designer
Borsonia syngenes is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae .	marine
His first decade of activity is best documented in the monograph entitled " Dennis Adams : The Architecture of Amnesia " ( 1989 ) .	decade
The name Falcon has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific to describe tropical storms ( typhoons ) .	tropical
As justification , Salinger pointed to Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy 's completion of the march as proof of the fitness of the administration .	completion
Ancient historian Velleius Paterculus had this to say of the banishment :	historian
Currently , the hosts of " The Zone " are Carlos Bustamante , Mark " Suki " Suknanan , Jesse Beam , Meisha Watson and Spencer Litzinger .	hosts
When he refused to keep silent about his discoveries , he was fired from his position at the state .	fired
In 1999 and 2000 , she attended Phil Hoffman 's Independent Imaging Retreat in Mount Forest , Ontario , Canada , to develop her hand-processing skills .	skills
A music video to accompany the release of " Rearrange " was first released onto YouTube on 31 March 2011 .	onto
Note that other problems persist regarding use of multiple Network Buffer Lists .	regarding
On 9 May , " Bronstein " returned to screening carriers during pilot qualification flights , working with " Card " , , and .	pilot
In May 1980 , attention then shifted to PBS , where PBS officials endured a month of mounting pressure from corporations and politicians .	officials
It has two tall chimneys .	tall
The new club played its initial first-class match against All-England at White Hart Field in Bromley on 25 – 27 August 1842 .	first-class
The school staff includes 17 special education teachers .	teachers
Not much effort was devoted to this model and it was canceled at an early stage .	effort
Gen. Carnot Posey was mortally wounded in that attack .	wounded
He was born in Schaarbeek , of Dutch descent , and he sings primarily in Dutch .	descent
Players who won three or four consecutive titles are not listed here .	consecutive
Mokosak played left wing and scored 11 goals while adding 15 assists over his brief NHL career .	brief
He supported the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , which ultimately ended the war against Japan .	ultimately
On the date August 28 , 2006 it has 230 inhabitants .	inhabitants
On August 23 , 2011 , Hill and John McDonald were traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks in exchange for second baseman Kelly Johnson .	exchange
It is situated at the corner of Lever Street and Central Street ; it borders King Square Gardens to the West .	corner
In this trick , the quarterback carries out the same motions , but moves the ball to the non-throwing hand .	ball
The bowl features the last three letters of each school 's name in its title .	letters
A user interacts with the DTE ( e.g .	user
Following minor repairs and training exercises , the destroyer escort joined the screen of a westward-bound convoy .	screen
Martino tries to seize Ansaldo , but Ansaldo punches him , damaging another tooth .	tries
Foodbanks increased in number in state housing areas , and overcrowding became a problem as some families shared houses .	shared
In Honduras the residential power plugs and sockets are of type A and B .	residential
After retiring from politics in 1993 , Ion Costas has entered the business sector .	sector
Fa is currently ranked 12th in the World Boxing Organisation World heavyweight rankings .	12th
A number of hotels and time shares in the	shares
For example , the piece is used as the theme for Powdered Toast Man in The Ren and Stimpy Show , and Help Wanted in SpongeBob SquarePants .	piece
" Patoka " departed on 24 March and arrived Norfolk on 6 April for an overhaul period , to prepare for duty in the Pacific .	duty
Patel made a guest appearance in the 2008 film , " One Two Three " .	guest
He still races there and currently leads the 2015 standings .	leads
Holzer took this as a starting point to look at the timeless and universal theme of war , across history and countries .	look
In July 2006 , the Council rejected a proposal to merge several regional colleges in the Galilee .	rejected
The Ohio men could not stand the gaff , and their doctors and trainer ran more yards than both teams put together . "	stand
Drout considers Holdstock , along with Ursula K. Le Guin , a worthy inheritor of the fantasy tradition created by Tolkien .	tradition
The team were offered promotion to the Oberliga but turned it down due to the financial instability of the league and its impending structural change .	promotion
10,085 prisoners were repatriated between 1945 and 1954 .	prisoners
In 1988 , Christa Aumer 's son Franz Wunderlich assumed control of the company .	assumed
His sophomore season , he was a contributor on Special Teams , and got one carry for 4 yards .	carry
through a human-machine interface ) , or the DTE may be the user .	user
This , ongoing religious discontent , conflicts with the aristocracy , and displeasure over his resettlement policy eventually drove his subjects into rebellion .	subjects
The official launch of Elements SBM ( the product ’ s original name ) 1.0 took place at Macworld / iWorld 2009 .	launch
Following shakedown , " Renshaw " reported to the Pacific Fleet in the spring of 1943 , and protected transports in the Solomon Islands area .	protected
Original 1989 engines did not come out with 5 fin glow plug .	engines
He continued on with Spartak in 2012 – 13 , but on December 23 , he left the team after reaching an agreement with the Houston Rockets .	reaching
He there made the acquaintance of Edward Douglas , afterwards head of the Redemptorists at Rome , the Jesuit Ignatius Grant and John Ruskin .	afterwards
The first of these three laws states that a working day of given number of hours will always produce the same amount of value .	laws
The belief is that the coastal plain was the original location of the Atlantic Ocean .	coastal
The mortality rate of British soldiers in Jamaica was very high , particular as a result of yellow fever .	yellow
In " Mental Space " , Robert Young has provided an exposition of these concepts and has generalized their role into psychic phenomena in adult life .	adult
In 1998 , CJMQ increased its effective radiated power to 500 watts .	effective
In 2010 , The Prince 's Charities Canada was established in a similar fashion to its namesake in the UK .	fashion
However the official list entry for the church mentions the ferry as being in use until 1946 .	entry
Here it is learned that Tilman is a veteran of the Great War , and lost his leg in the battle of Vimy Ridge .	learned
It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period .	dating
In general , radio-collared fossas travel between per day , although in one reported case a fossa was observed moving a straight-line distance of in 16 hours .	observed
The work during July was the regular aerial work for a Corps Squadron on a quiet sector .	sector
Vladimir offers to walk to town and bring back a taxi .	bring
Philippa asks Martino to pick up a letter that has been left on the floor .	asks
The MUIS Halal services formally started in 1978 .	formally
A TV adaptation , also titled " Men with Brooms " , debuted in 2010 on CBC Television .	debuted
A complete list of his poetry volumes can be found at the Time Being Books website .	poetry
The prewar period was marked by the division of art into competing European styles and traditional indigenous styles .	competing
Broccolini also contains potassium , calcium and iron in smaller amounts .	iron
Aviation was roaring during the Jet Age and as a result , communication technologies needed to be developed .	communication
Officers in the ranks were not elected , since Khan wanted to avoid infighting .	avoid
The second floor exhibits classical art .	classical
Various denominations self-identifying as Catholic , despite not being affiliated with the Catholic Church .	affiliated
Goebbels asked him to perform in Prague instead , where he conducted the Symphony No .	perform
He was the son of Patrick Wilson ( architect ) and Catherine Peddie .	architect
The secondary department od Pomona State School , having been established in 1944 was relocated to its own site .	relocated
Can merely reading about the thoughts he thinks corrupt a man when his thoughts do not ?	reading
Christodoulos was ordained a priest in 1965 and graduated from the School of Theology in 1967 .	priest
Depending on the Scenario , one team loses if they do not complete their Scenario Objective before the turn limit has been reached .	limit
The white or pinkish coloration is due to the papery ray florets around individual " flowers " .	flowers
All in all , the candidates of the party obtained 310,626 votes ( 3.25 % of the votes in the state ) .	candidates
That year the first nude painting in the series was painted in the sewing room in the farm house .	painted
As military training for Svazarm members totalled 25 hours per year , and nearly all Svazarm instructors were insufficiently trained , this complaint was not unfounded .	trained
Morra played in Arab lands is called " mukharaja " .	lands
3,000 PESAKA members and 20,000 members of Armed Forces Veterans Associations were deployed to ensure safety at Padang Merbok .	safety
Although Lyja and Johnny were growing close , Lyja was continuously torn about telling Johnny something .	something
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social , cultural or spiritual reasons .	reasons
By the second day , sniping from the surrounding hills was taking its toll on the slow-moving column .	column
Patrick Treacy is a general practitioner with an interest in aesthetic medicine and author based in Dublin , Ireland .	medicine
However the closest vineyards to the city in the village of Vertou are located over 9.5 km from the city center and at higher elevation .	elevation
Polymorphism refers to the occurrence of structurally and functionally more than two different types of individuals within the same organism .	refers
The basic unit of the party is the local association .	basic
With limited time left before adjournment , the House and Senate conferenced in order to resolve differences between the two bills .	differences
A received a two-star rating by Rivals.com and Scout.com .	rating
Payton / Coyne Racing signed Belgian Eric Bachelart as its second driver , teaming with Alessandro Zampedri .	driver
Computers helped the filmmakers present their vision in new ways .	ways
No external changes are being made in direct relation to these upgrades and no power increases will occur .	occur
The body lacks scales , but is covered in easily abraded , silvery guanine , which imparts a greenish to purplish iridescence in life .	easily
Her father was killed at the Battle of Stalingrad , where he served as a machine gun operator .	machine
He also began his portraiture career , receiving patronage from his close contemporary Alexander Constantine Ionides , who later came to be a close friend .	receiving
newLISP was released as an open-source software project licensed under the GPL , and development on Windows stopped after version 6.0.25 .	stopped
Scott left the group at this time , and was replaced by Mark Herndon , a rock drummer later credited with bringing the band their signature sound .	credited
The building was constructed in 1775 to a design by locally prominent architect Joseph Brown and Declaration signer Stephen Hopkins .	architect
Vadim devised a vehicle for Fonda , " The Game Is Over " ( 1966 ) , based on a book by Émile Zola .	vehicle
Adams wanted Mao to be " the Mao of the huge posters and Great Leap Forward ; I cast him as a heldentenor " .	huge
It entered service in 1931 and the vehicle was officially adopted as the " Chiyoda Armoured Car " .	vehicle
The feminist scholar Carolyn Heilbrun observed that women 's biographies and autobiographies began to change character during the second wave of feminist activism .	observed
On December 18 , 1993 is prekoniziran Bishop of Sofia-koadyutor Apostolic Exarchate and titular bishop of Briun .	bishop
Congress had concerns about Mr. Gertmenian himself , and his tendency to embellish .	concerns
Over the course of thirteen years , she " looked after over 300 women and orphans regardless of race or religion . "	religion
In 2004 , supply of the software was moved to Timbrell 's company 3QD Developments .	supply
However , in case of rejection by the General Board , naval architects produced a series of alternatives .	naval
When the Great Seto Bridge was finished and began to serve the two coastal areas , that ferry line was abolished .	coastal
While with the Eagles , he helped the team win back-to-back NFL championships in 1948 and 1949 .	championships
The album would ultimately consist of 15 full-length songs and four short " interludes " .	ultimately
However , he says that his work is better appreciated outside of Mexico , with few in the country willing to pay what the creations are worth .	worth
After creating close to 30 short films with his colleagues over 10 years , he directed his first feature-length film " Tristesse modèle réduit " in 1987 .	creating
Two criminals who are also lovers , Ned and Jude , kill three people in a jewelry store robbery .	kill
The hill is above sea level .	hill
3 on the Billboard 200 , selling 44,000 in its first week .	selling
It was fitted with new three-blade propellers V-506 of a smaller diameter and some minor improvements , such as dust filters .	diameter
It was 11 bays long ( 65 m ) , and 40m wide with a corner water tower and a detached engine house .	corner
Svetlanka sees Serena and Luka together and tells Serena the truth about her half-brother .	sees
They are thought to generally be monogamous , although a few species are thought to engage in cooperative breeding sometimes , with several adults sharing duties .	duties
In April 2008 , his article “ Strategy 2.0 : Building Strategy Like Software ” was published by the MIT Sloan journal " Management Review " .	journal
His works generally consisted of information on a wide range of subjects collectively termed " do-it-yourself "	subjects
Some of its programming still aired as a Saturday-evening show on CBC Radio Two until March 2007 .	programming
The third-story windows have pointed arches .	windows
surveyed the past work and future plans of TIGGE , and concluded : " We are convinced that the TIGGE databases will	concluded
According to the military , the sit-ins were flash points for outbreaks of violence and bloody confrontations amongst pro-Morsi , anti-Morsi demonstrators and security forces .	violence
He attended Newington College commencing aged 12 in 1913 and under the headship of the Rev Dr Charles Prescott .	aged
Perilasius brunneus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
The estate was designed by Emberton , Franck and Tardrew and built from pre-cast concrete .	concrete
Huzurkent station has two side platforms serving two tracks .	platforms
Elements from the decade , such as globe lighting , planters , and earth tones are present .	decade
Hasselmann covered the most important events in the 2014 electoral race and on the political scene with analyses and opinions .	electoral
Four years later a bathroom was built and the producer annexe extended when an additional gas producer was installed .	installed
Her owner , Bradley Transportation Company ( a U.S. Steel subsidiary ) , planned an $ 800,000 replacement of her rusting cargo hold and bulkheads .	replacement
Her ward room , gun-room , and armoury after the manner of RN vessels of century before .	vessels
Great Camanoe is primarily a residential island , divided into two communities , Indigo Plantation and The Privateers , on the southern half of the island .	residential
Another episode of his life worthy of note is connected with the appearance of the pseudo-Messiah of Cisneros , one of whose adherents he became .	note
Burkhart testified that Hale was behind the scheme , that Asa " Ace " Kirby was the bomber , and that Henry Grammer was the go-between .	scheme
The school building , built in 1939 with funding from the Works Progress Administration , was the only project of the New Deal in Redfield .	funding
It has inspired later writers and derivative works , such as J. R. R. Tolkien when shaping his legends of Middle-earth .	writers
On Middle Island it is estimated that there are about 1,000 individuals , and on Marchinbar Island there are roughly 1,400 individuals .	roughly
Burnet finally agreed to resign on October 22 , the day after de Zavala resigned as vice president .	resigned
bought and shipped 11.4 billion pounds ( 5.7 million tons ) of food to 9.5 million civilian victims of the war .	victims
Some small patches of woods , along with a few homes , appear along this stretch of the route .	homes
Surprisingly Hayward was provided with £ 300 , surveying equipment , map making instruments and instructions to attempt to reach and survey the then unmapped Pamir Mountains .	instruments
Temperatures averaged over the 44 days of shooting .	shooting
An industrial chimney was demolished , collapsing over and almost completely burying the car under rubble .	demolished
" Bronstein " and " Breeman " were detached on 22 March for special duty in Dakar , where they arrived on the 25th .	duty
( The milestone B approval starts the Engineering and Manufacturing Development Phase ) .	starts
Bourdos often collaborates with filmmaker Michel Spinosa , cinematographer Mark Lee Ping Bin and musician Alexandre Desplat .	musician
After losing to Luton , Forest went on another unbeaten run , this time of six games in all competitions .	competitions
EVMS is most known for its reproductive medicine , simulation / standardized-patient education as well as research in pediatrics , geriatrics , diabetes , and cancer .	medicine
Each team member plays four times , and a match consists of eleven points .	eleven
Ultimately the Bank of Canada was established and the banks relinquished their right to issue their own currency .	banks
Their lands were incorporated into Belgium .	lands
Traditionally , the community is one of the first to vacate when tropical storms threaten .	tropical
The river basin is long and narrow , draining an area of 1,750 km ( 670 sq .	narrow
The theory is believed by some to be a strategy used by U.S. President Donald Trump in dealing with both allied and hostile nations .	strategy
In the Week 9 win against the San Diego Chargers , Garçon achieved a new career-high of 172 receiving yards in a single game .	receiving
In the fourth division thirteen opinions are enumerated as open to speculative decision , among them the questions concerning the dissolution of the world .	questions
Hence , in case of fog , it has frequently served as an alternative airport .	alternative
A special feature is that if pieces converge to attack from multiple territories , forces appear in the corresponding directions in the battle .	pieces
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international version of the classification .	classification
Nitrocellulose was perceived as a possible " smokeless powder " and a propellant for artillery shells thus it received the name of guncotton .	artillery
The sepals of EMAK are pale green , those of ED pale yellow .	yellow
There is tyrollean traverse gear nailed down on the outcropping and within the " mouth " of Monkey Face .	mouth
In July 1935 , an African-American man named Rubin Stacy was accused of robbing a white woman at knife point .	accused
Amazon posted a video on their official YouTube channel , on December 14 , 2016 of the delivery .	posted
A central division within the Heathen movement concerns the issue of race .	concerns
In 1950 , the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation patented warfarin , a new chemical compound which had been in development since the 1930 .	chemical
The car accelerates to in 4 seconds and has a top speed of .	seconds
" ' Wheels ' " are the most characteristic form of Dorset button and worked on a ring .	ring
A heads-up display was optional , as was a 300-watt Bose stereo system with MP3 capability .	display
For more weight in negotiations with their employer , workers have formed unions .	weight
The London booksellers argued that the Statute of Anne only supplemented and supported a pre-existing common law copyright .	argued
In 1656 " The Siege of Rhodes " the first true English opera was performed in London .	opera
Because of the popularity of the event , there are strict rules as to who is eligible to walk on Sunday .	popularity
This is one of the four courtyards of Amer Palace , which was built during Sawai Jai Singh 's reign ( 1693 – 1743 AD ) .	reign
According to Lemay , Daniels was subjected to racial invective in the jury room .	racial
They finished 15th in the conference and were defeated by Seton Hall in the first round of the 2012 Big East Men 's Basketball Tournament .	15th
This image has been commonly used since Elizabethan times .	image
The program is online and it includes acting exercises that will help participant be better prepared for stage and film roles .	prepared
" Services are composed using Unix-like pipelines ( the Web meets Unix = true loose-coupling ) .	meets
The valves used in these industries are usually manufactured according to cGMP guidelines ( current good manufacturing practise ) .	manufacturing
Of all of the above-mentioned companies , only Tissan Haifa assembled their own engines called the Banana .049 .	engines
The wider side of the pennant depicted a mountain , most likely the Terich Mir peak .	peak
Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer 's office .	owners
Statewide 75.3 % of Pennsylvania 's public schools ( including charter schools ) students were on grade level in both reading and math .	reading
Norton Healthcare employs some 3,000 nurses and has nearly 2,000 affiliated physicians .	affiliated
Cay was painted by Sir Henry Raeburn .	painted
As a result , his first cousin Prince Charles Edward , Duke of Albany , became heir presumptive .	cousin
An extra thick , three-spoke steering wheel was also standard Turbo fitment .	extra
After the destruction of the presses , the journal was renamed " Fog 's Journal " and passed over to the printing of Charles Molloy .	journal
His country house Broomhill north of Tunbridge Wells is now preserved as the Salomons Museum .	preserved
She discusses this matter of contention in " Our Brains and What Ails Them , " published in " Forerunner " in 1912 .	matter
In mid-2010 Alex Paterson teamed up with Youth aka Martin Glover to compile a retrospective compilation album of tracks from the WAU !	compilation
in the villages of Arbanasi , Leshten , Kovachevitsa , Melnik — have been preserved to the present day .	preserved
" Hug Wolf " is the eighth episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series " Adventure Time " .	eighth
She lost 1 : 3 to Jinzi Li of China in the semi finals of the Asian Games in 2010	finals
The Western faction angered Sukjong when it opposed the naming of Consort Jang 's son as crown prince .	opposed
Young Lions was later replaced by a new team , named LionsXII that will replace the former under-23 football team .	replace
Despite this , Spence played 38 games for Milton Keynes Dons in the 2014-15 season as they won promotion to the Championship , as runners-up .	promotion
In 2013 she won the award of " Sex Worker of the Year " at the Sexual Freedom Awards where she is now a resident judge .	judge
These were " Yankee " settlers , that is to say they were descended from the English Puritans who settled New England during the colonial era .	colonial
These are all denoted in the adjacent diagram ( called a Power Triangle ) .	adjacent
Doerner gave team mate Matthew Swann a yellow headband that Swann wears at every match .	yellow
This became an issue , from 1883 onwards , when Eddy was accused of having based Christian Science on his work .	accused
It requires no exotic materials , temperatures , or pressures .	requires
" The Hitch-Hiker " was her first hard-paced , fast-moving picture after four " women 's " films about social issues .	picture
It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period .	dating
He removed his residence to Brooklyn in 1868 , and for eight years before his decease was a great sufferer from rheumatism .	residence
Numerous magazines and organizations helped to disseminate information regarding the study .	regarding
For his acts of bravery , he was awarded the Order of the Star of Romania , the Order of the Crown and War Cross with Bars .	acts
Two lengths are available on a single wheelbase , offering cargo volumes of either .	offering
It previously housed a selection board for National Service .	selection
MSF produced " Implementation Agreements " , which specify the implementation of communication technologies , or their configuration for achieving interoperation .	communication
On the other extreme were Rabbi Abraham Geiger , who would emerge as the founding father of Reform Judaism , and his supporters .	founding
His commission was later renewed by Governor John Young ( 1861 – 1867 ) .	commission
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks on the second basement ( " B2F " ) level .	platforms
" Iowan " had a single steam engine powered by oil-fired boilers that drove a single screw propeller at a speed of .	steam
The following morning was misty , and whatever scouting was undertaken by the Royalists failed to reveal the presence of Leslie 's forces .	morning
The BC Ambulance Service is a uniformed organization and as such , has a similar rank structure to most police or fire departments .	rank
He was the brother of United States Congressman John and United States Congressman and Cincinnati mayor James Findlay .	mayor
In 2016 , new owner Hearst began publishing " Metropolitan Home " .	publishing
After making a gradual curve to the northeast , Route 692 crosses back into Bergen County and becomes Route S-91 once again .	northeast
Michel Armand Guy Pagliaro ( born 9 November 1948 ) is a Canadian rock singer , songwriter and guitarist from Montreal , Quebec .	guitarist
Elevated copper levels have also been linked to worsening symptoms of [ [ Alzheimer 's disease ] ] .	linked
The primary human impact on deep-water corals is from deep-water trawling .	impact
His mother Polyxena Vladimirovna belonged to a Polish origin family and had , among her ancestors , the thinker Gregory Skovoroda ( 1722 – 1794 ) .	origin
Padikkal did repent for the " wilful destruction of a good man 's life and career " , and the unorthodox methods used against him .	methods
As of September 2011 , he was placed on the more prominent " Icons " list of male models where he shares the No .	shares
The water-race appears to have been lined along its sides with bricks as remains of these can be seen in some sections .	sections
Kelly Kretschman won her third consecutive Player of the Year award , hitting a league-record .500 .	consecutive
Nucleosynthesis of lithium is important in the study of chemical abundances in the universe .	chemical
Angela Psaila lived in a flat at St. Clare 's Court , Butetown which had an unrestricted view of the front of 7 James Street .	flat
One of the United Nations 's missions estimated there are 19.7 million mines in the western desert of Egypt .	missions
The Youth Services Unit investigates crimes involving the arrest of juveniles , as well as child neglect or abuse cases .	involving
The larvae feed on " Artemisia tridentata " .	feed
The church was restored for £ 1,400 , and reopened on 26 July 1881 by Edward Benson , the Bishop of Truro .	restored
HJK and HIFK share the biggest rivalry being two of the oldest and most successful clubs .	biggest
It features a core first person shooter experience , with a high level of customisation .	core
31 BMD-4Ms and 12 BTR-MDMs were delivered in the second half of 2016 .	delivered
However , it took some time to overcome initial resistance to his teachings .	resistance
Main articles : Arab-Byzantine Wars , Byzantine-Seljuq wars , Byzantine-Ottoman Wars .	articles
From that time onwards he was much engaged in the Scottish wars .	engaged
The couple was childless for quite some time but later was blessed with a son known as Ballal .	quite
He also plays bass on the track " Boy Without Batteries " on Man Overboard ( band ) 2013 album Heart Attack ( Man Overboard album ) .	bass
2 Tactical Air Group is located at Kamina and consists of Pursuit and Attack Wing and Tactical Transport Wing and has a strength of four squadrons .	strength
Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 9th or 10th century .	10th
The graph above shows the impedance curve of a single loudspeaker driver in free-air ( unmounted in any type of enclosure ) .	driver
After having completed the 24-reel cut of " Greed " , von Stroheim told Goldwyn executives that he could not cut another frame .	frame
Arbitron has reportedly made some accommodations for providing ratings for WNYZ-LP , New York .	providing
They did this to give a smile to the little patients and parents in the hospital .	patients
At one point , Veeck hired rubber-faced Max Patkin , the " Clown Prince of Baseball " as a coach .	hired
She held that position for six weeks , until the inauguration as President of Carlos Menem , who appointed Domingo Cavallo as her successor on 9 July .	successor
The track was engineered by Chris Godbey , with assistance from Alejandro Baima , and mixed by Jimmy Douglass , Godbey and Timberlake at Larabee Studios .	assistance
They were or long , with a propulsion plant developing respectively 110,000 , 120,000 or 130,000 hp .	developing
The band went into the studio on June 2015 and recorded some songs with the help of recording engineer Kostis Raisis .	engineer
The sports club IL Santor has its base in Sandstrand , though their football grounds is situated in nearby Renså .	grounds
The album contained " Built Like An Amplifier " which included remixes from Dave Spoon , Sway , and Faith SFX .	contained
Vyjayanthimala also did a guest appearance in the 1950 film " Vijayakumari " which had actress T. R. Rajakumari in a dual role .	guest
A total of 32,360 households were counted in this woreda , resulting in an average of 4.20 persons to a household , and 31,468 housing units .	persons
I 'm having lunch with Joan and the boys [ Cohn 's wife and children ] tomorrow . "	boys
Cut off from the mental crutch humanity has used for so long , the entire population ( save Ryan ) are reduced to a childlike mental state .	save
O 'Malley was undefeated in the high jump his senior season and also competed in the 440-yard dash , broad jump and the shot put .	broad
In " Secret Santa It is revealed that the warehouse employees refer to her as " Garfield " for her affection for lasagna .	employees
Gortazar upgraded to professional equipment , and for twenty years worked as a photographic director , editor and publisher at a magazine .	twenty
Jolliet was one of the first people of European descent born in North America to be remembered for significant discoveries .	descent
One performer reads the opening paragraphs from a randomly selected article , which the troupe uses as the inspiration for a string of improvised scenes .	scenes
Lumpy Space Princess comes in and demands Bubblegum transport Lumpy back to when she and her ex were still in love .	transport
The " Berkhampstead Poor Law Union " was formed in June 1835 covering ten parishes centred on the town .	covering
OX1001 ( saquinavir-NO ) is an experimental drug being developed by OncoNOx currently undergoing clinical studies and investigations for the treatment of cancer .	drug
It is the birthplace of Malian authors Amadou Hampâté Bâ , Madina Ly-Tall and Yambo Ouologuem .	authors
A number of varieties of the overprints exist .	exist
Stromatium alienum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
Its studios are located southwest of Corpus Christi and the transmitter is near Robstown , Texas .	southwest
It was later revealed Višňovský required season-ending surgery to repair his labrum .	surgery
At the end of the film , the Podlings regain most of their youth and knowledge .	knowledge
At the age of four years , Ron had an imaginary friend named Rufus , who was , by Ron 's description , " huge " .	huge
His father , Darken Rahl , would hunt down and kill any ungifted children .	kill
Dr. Maya Witherspoon is a young doctor who has just emigrated to England , and intends to practice medicine in London .	medicine
The desilting basin has two weirs which serve different purposes .	purposes
After two years Pluckhahn returned to his alma mater in 1996 to become a graduate teaching assistant in the Department of Anthropology at the University of Georgia .	graduate
Structure 7A underwent substantial rebuilding in the Early Classic and was again modified in the Late Classic .	modified
So far there is no known material ( not even carbon fiber ) which can meet cyclic load requirements .	requirements
Once into the Gulf , Gustav gradually weakened because of increased wind shear and dry air .	wind
The Chanter sisters had appeared as backing singers for John in a Radio 1 session .	session
On social media , 59 % of Mauritanian Facebook users used French on the website in 2014 .	users
Leaf shape ranges from lanceolate elliptical to oblanceolate with an acute apex and leaf base which narrows into a short petiole .	shape
Michu 's tomb is preserved in central Gyeongju today .	preserved
The album peaked at No .	peaked
Adams continued to maintain his medical practice during his baseball career , but was forced to abandon it in 1865 after he began suffering health issues .	maintain
The incident was featured in the final audition episode , with the profanity bleeped out .	incident
Johnny wants custody for his baby granddaughter Susie but Eva wants to Susie to stay with her .	stay
Microindentation hardness testing can be done using Vickers as well as Knoop indenters .	testing
Similar advice is a commonplace in later works on the art of memory .	memory
Archaeology shows that this probably occurred during the 12th-13th centuries .	centuries
However , the Orthodox churches accept only the Seven Ecumenical Councils from Nicaea I to Nicaea II as genuinely ecumenical , while Roman Catholics accept twenty-one .	churches
The final four outlasted all other competitors by a full four rounds .	rounds
Terms are staggered , with three commission seats up for election each year plus the mayoral seat up every other year .	commission
The Observatory 's buildings at 18a Gill Street , Observatory , Johannesburg , still exist .	exist
The October 1974 Dissolution Honours List was issued on 5 December 1974 following the dissolution of the United Kingdom parliament in preparation for a general election .	parliament
Green Island ( in ) is a rocky island in the mouth of Fortune Bay , Newfoundland .	mouth
They are also closely related to horseshoe bats , Old World leaf-nosed bats and " Plecotus " , the other members of the suborder Yinpterochiroptera .	closely
Haley 's contribution to the work is notable , and several scholars discuss how it should be characterized .	scholars
Tej Singh stood as candidate from Aligarh and got 1 054 votes ( 0,17 % ) .	stood
In 1828 , it had the British premiere , in Plymouth , by a group of exiled officers and intellectuals , reviewed by British newspapers .	newspapers
They are all private citizens today .	citizens
He represented the Marhara constituency and is a member of the Samajwadi Party political party .	constituency
Know-Nothing mobs rioted in Irish and German parts of the city , destroying property by fires and killing numerous people .	killing
Nothing is known otherwise of that source , but it is plausible to argue that it was compiled by this James Coxon .	otherwise
Delaware Route 1A ( King Charles Avenue ) begins at DE 1 in Dewey Beach and heads north into Rehoboth Beach .	heads
Vonn , and Jason Matthews are among his favorite authors .	authors
Main occupation of the villagers is Agriculture .	occupation
The NBS , a radio network started in 1933 by the colonial government , assigned Achebe to the Talks Department , preparing scripts for oral delivery .	colonial
It was delivered in 2005 .	delivered
The sea experiences lows of 66 - 68 ° F during the winter months , and highs of 84 - 88 ° F during the summer months .	experiences
He was educated in Europe and received a doctorate in medicine .	medicine
According to Ammianus , Serenianus stayed loyal to Valens .	stayed
The 1986 FIFA World Cup qualification AFC First Round was part of the AFC qualifying tournament for the 1986 FIFA World Cup .	qualifying
He was awarded the title Khan Sahib by the British Government , which he disavowed in 1944 for the policies of the British Raj .	policies
Cotterill was born in Ampton in 1812 into an ecclesiastical family of committed Church Evangelicals .	committed
This in turn contributes to fault-tolerance and reduced maintenance costs .	costs
Effective 1 July 1957 , the 559th was redesignated a fighter-day squadron and assigned to the Tactical Air Command .	squadron
Each unique form of a single gene is called an allele ; different forms are collectively called polymorphisms .	gene
" The Card Player " received a negative response from critics .	negative
Males are seen to patrol females and investigate other butterflies entering their area .	entering
The sculptural complexes dedicated to the memory of the Turkic advisor Tonyukuk and Turkic warlord Kul Tegin were built in the 8th century .	memory
WHO ( World Health Organization ) in 2011 categorized RF ( radio frequency ) radiation as a possible carcinogen .	frequency
For Mainz , Joseph Ludwig Colmar was soon appointed as bishop .	bishop
In 1964 , the Home Ownership Scheme was also introduced to help citizens to buy instead of renting their flats .	citizens
The man then clicks on the dance option and is once again entered through the special effect binary .	option
On 9 February 1941 , Canadian forces engaged a single German aircraft overflying the island .	engaged
The company 's first distributing brewery began producing beer in late 1991 .	producing
These offered little support to Ministry activities , and often criticized their efforts as too radical .	criticized
Legal issues then saw Stewart suspended from the opening four rounds of the 2009 NRL season .	rounds
The route currently finishes at Victoria Street West , where the facility crosses the signalised intersection diagonally to the north-east quadrant .	intersection
Harry Anastasiou called its ideology " a uniquely Cypriot expression of [ ... ] Turkish nationalism " .	expression
The Flame again came away on top , defeating Las Vegas 60-56 .	defeating
The personnel are provided by the all-volunteer Annandale Hose Company # 1 .	personnel
He contributed on special teams , but the 49ers fell to the Baltimore Ravens by a score of 34 – 31 .	contributed
Three of its candidates were elected ; P.P.V .	candidates
The present sluice was erected under the Black Sluice Drainage Act 1846 and has three openings of a total waterway of sixty feet .	erected
Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy were started in the late 1920s .	1920s
The election symbol of the party was a boat .	boat
On 17 March 1988 Midleton faced Athenry in the All-Ireland decider and a close game developed .	faced
He finished the season with 20 tackles and two passes defensed .	passes
This style was undoubtedly imported from France , but it assumed a character of its own in England .	assumed
The original game had more realistic visuals but clashed with character models – like Kula Diamond and Athena Asamiya – so they opted for the current look .	look
The year 's heavy rains were caused by a southeast monsoon blowing across the South China Sea , making the sea warmer than usual .	southeast
The Montserrat national football team represents the small Caribbean island of Montserrat in the CONCACAF football region .	represents
The station signed on as KXTU-LP on November 5 , 1999 as a UPN affiliate under the brand of UPN57 .	brand
The border was finally settled in 1903 by a mixed commission from both countries .	commission
The game can be played as a drafting or sealed deck card game , and preconstructed decks can also be used to play .	card
When medicinal herbs are put into huge fire , its tremendous effect will surely reach the entire globe .	huge
He is the grandfather of Richard Rahl and thinks of Kahlan as something of a daughter .	something
If the expenditures were less than expected , the conversion factor would increase the payments to physicians for the next year .	factor
Anecdotes suggest that while the countries were threatening battle , he went fishing with an Icelandic minister .	fishing
On 23 June 1961 Sfeir was appointed Titular bishop and Patriarchal vicar .	bishop
Most Jodi awards have been won by Shahrukh Khan with 7 wins .	wins
However , there are several differences between chapters , which pursue different goals and have different political positions on racism , nationalism and patriotism .	differences
In 1988 , deHavilland appeared in the HTV romantic television drama " The Woman He Loved " ; it was her final screen performance .	screen
Feller can boast international concert activity and CD and radio recordings .	recordings
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of Maharashtra State Power Generation Company ( Mahagenco )	coal
Thus , about 13.37 sidereal months , but about 12.37 synodic months , occur in a Gregorian year .	occur
It tells the story of a ruthless femme-fatale who steals a suitcase containing US $ 60,000 ( ) .	containing
The film , just as all other motion pictures released before 1923 , is now in the public domain in the United States .	motion
Various other default names are provided to refer to important system locations .	locations
1 on the Top Country Albums chart , selling 52,000 copies ( 55,000 units when tracks and streams are included ) in its first week .	selling
On lap 3 , A1 Team Czech Republic also got past Yoong , while Ireland dropped dramatically from 13th to 19th .	13th
Instead , the artefacts were concentrated in places inside the house beside the walls .	walls
The Padres were the winners of the Western Division with Steve Garvey , Tony Gwynn , Eric Show , Goose Gossage and Alan Wiggins .	winners
When Cao Zhen and his troops besieged Anding Commandery , Yang Tiao tied himself up and surrendered .	tied
The following are the differences which apply to first-winter plumage :	differences
The Submarine Intermediate Reactor ( SIR ) nuclear plant was designed by General Electric 's Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory and prototyped in West Milton , New York .	nuclear
He worked to gather the Indians in large towns near Lake Pátzcuaro in the center of Purépecha territory , recently ravaged by Beltrán de Guzmán .	towns
Some visitors pressed their faces up against the fence and called out to inmates still inside .	visitors
France notes that the " heavens were opened " echoes .	notes
Rounds continue for a predefined length of time , at the end of which the points are tallied and the winners proceed .	winners
27 in the UK charts .	charts
USSSA was able to beat Monica Abbott in game one of the final series .	beat
Gerim and Subbotniks were ethnic Russians from various parts of Russia who converted to Judaism primarily in the 1820s .	ethnic
In 2008 , he replaced left guard Jacob Bell in the starting lineup , and went on to start 31 games at that position .	guard
The Orb 's members have drawn from an assortment of influences in their music .	drawn
The park has more than 70 rivers and streams , mostly fed by glaciers .	rivers
During his years with Baltimore , he translated this success into a larger role in the Orioles ' bullpen .	translated
Usually investments make go to fund a research project or cover costs of a research project .	costs
The name is believed to derive from the Old English words " brocc " and " burna " meaning " Badger stream " .	stream
The Queen in her speech at the same reception stated that ,	speech
I found out soon afterwards that the land was private and immediately apologized to the owner .	afterwards
Suddenly , a blurry figure rushes past them , and they hear knocking on the roof of the Dome .	roof
Through his laws he became known as a strict but just ruler , bringing Slavs and Bulgars into a centralized state .	laws
One piece of equipment replaced only a month after WES began operations is its train horn .	piece
Citing the rule of transferred intent , the judge stated that the foreseeability rule for negligence does not apply to intentional torts .	judge
Only four applications were received to lease them .	applications
On July 16 its troops took defensive positions on a line from Podolhi to Poidjarug .	defensive
At a lunch meeting with Garry , the twins learn that " The Advocate " magazine has agreed to feature them on the cover .	learn
Also located within 16th Division 's bridgehead , as of October 13 , was the 21st Armored Division .	16th
Population : 31,153 ( 2002 Census ) ; The population of Okulovka accounts for 48.3 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
On the same day , it was announced that researchers are planning to extend MPEG-DASH to support HEVC by April 2013 .	planning
Northern and western regions of Pakistan are rich in high quality gemstones .	rich
The cultivated land represents 74 % of the area .	represents
When war was declared against France and raw materials were difficult to obtain , the silk weavers suffered greatly .	greatly
She participated in the invasion of Norway in April 1940 as part of the force that captured the Norwegian capital at Oslo .	invasion
Delaware Route 273 heads west from New Castle on Frenchtown Road and provides access to Christiana and Newark .	heads
" S. discus " is restricted to blackwater habitats , but periodically these may experience brief floods of whitewater .	brief
For the third straight season , the team finished with a 4 – 14 conference record , while amassing a 15 – 17 record overall .	straight
As originally planned , this generation Chrysler Imperial was discontinued after the 1993 model year along with the similar New Yorkers .	generation
The FBI gathered information on the ring during a previous sting known as operation FOUL BALL .	ring
Complex nest building is considered to be one of the key adaptive advantages of birds .	birds
Upon merging with the ARF , he became known for his ability to gather intelligence without being suspected and going unnoticed .	intelligence
The College collaborated with the Commonwealth Government to establish the National Pathology Accreditation Advisory Council ( NPAAC ) in 1979 .	establish
The figures listed below are not adjusted for inflation .	figures
Court cases promise to revolve around the issue of religious freedom , which is theoretically guaranteed by the Malaysian constitution .	freedom
Intended audience is ages 4 to 10 .	audience
She portrayed lead roles in Maalaala Mo Kaya : " Marriage Contract " and in Wansapanataym : " Kakambal Ko 'y Manika " .	portrayed
Attractive = Active influenced and accessible .	influenced
The allocation might be primary , secondary , exclusive , and shared .	shared
East Falls is home to a number of businesses .	businesses
The following year , he shared carries with fullback J.D .	shared
Taking on American journeyman Keith Barr over six rounds .	rounds
It is the hub for community service , service learning , and college access and success initiatives at the Institute .	learning
Bulawayo sat on the board of trustees of the pan-African literary initiative Writivism between 2014 and 2018 .	literary
Though he was heavily involved with the Chinese community , Gee found New York unbearable and returned Paris in 1936 .	heavily
During the summit , Nasser developed cordial relations with King Hussein , and ties were mended with the rulers of Saudi Arabia , Syria , and Morocco .	relations
Kingsley found the film to be " marvelously well done " but took exception to the would-be folksy western dialect in the title cards :	cards
Originally , the studio contracted the makeup effects for the alien from Richard Edlund 's Boss Film Creature Shop .	makeup
Yet , if dissolved in spirit of urine , it ceased to be either emetic or cathartic .	ceased
Legislation since 1922 gives Finnish and Swedish equal official status .	equal
Northern styles exhibit a distinctively different flavor from the martial arts practiced in the South .	arts
Kurundkar was a staunch supporter of the later stream .	stream
Guest rooms were created for wealthy Viennese ; several hotels were also opened .	rooms
She is the artistic director and producer of " Keep Frozen : Pochsy Productions . "	artistic
This theorem formed the background to Hilbert 's sixteenth problem .	background
After 9 races however , McClure and JGL parted ways and he returned to TriStar Motorsports for the rest of the year .	ways
He plays at the point guard position .	guard
He has since then distinguished many Portuguese personalities ( including giving the Order 's Medal of Merit to among them football star Cristiano Ronaldo ) .	distinguished
No one is aware of the ship 's growing peril until a food cart rolls on its own , showing the ship 's growing tilt .	showing
He played three seasons with the Ducks before signing with the Kölner Haie of the DEL .	signing
He represented the Etah constituency and is a member of the Samajwadi Party political party .	constituency
On the 15th , he held a solo showcase at UNIQLO AX Hall in Seoul to commemorate the official release of " Incredible " .	15th
The question of " Jean Bart " was once more discussed by the French Admiralty in 1945 .	question
The movie stages re-creations of various scenarios based on the testimony of key players and suspects , including Van der Sloot .	stages
In 2009 , Red Triangle negotiated the legal transfer of the Alvis car trademarks .	transfer
In Season Two , Joey continued his stage work , appearing as " The King " in a poorly reviewed ( and never-named ) play .	appearing
In November 2012 , the request for proposal to renovate Kyle Field called for the demolition of G. Rollie White .	request
It generates a maximum power output of at 7,500 rpm and of torque at 6,000 rpm .	output
After experiencing the destructive capabilities of WORMs in the first war , he has serious doubts about the Sky Girls and the Sonic Diver program .	serious
His father was an executive with the Grand Union grocery-store chain , and his mother a homemaker .	chain
Music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja and lyrics were written by Vaali , Gangaï Amaran and Pulamaipithan	lyrics
On 24 April 2007 , Stephen Sundlof , director of the FDA 's Center for Veterinary Medicine , told reporters : " We have found cyanuric acid .	acid
" All compositions by Uri Caine except as indicated "	indicated
Shanakdakheto styled herself as : " Son of Re , Lord of the Two Lands , Shanakdakheto " ( Sa Re nebtawy , Shanakdakheto ) .	herself
The company is headed by Sanjay Gupta and Ajay Gupta .	headed
It is hairless or with fine , rough hairs .	fine
The whalers of Wada encourage local children to attend the first butchering of each season followed by a community event where whale meat is served .	attend
Faculty of Civil Engineering consisting of four departments :	consisting
Fleming 's SPECTRE has elements inspired by mafia syndicates and organised crime rings that were actively hunted by law enforcement in the 1950s .	crime
" North Carolina 's 11th congressional district	11th
In September 2009 , the Clarion-Limestone Area School Board rejected a proposal to consolidate with Clarion Area School District .	rejected
Knightley and the couple did not cross paths for a great number of years .	cross
The club was also a regular stop for Western intelligence operatives and diplomatic staff .	intelligence
It lies between deep , west of Røst island in the Lofoten archipelago , in Norway , inside the Arctic Circle .	deep
This decision is generally made by the acquisition manager together with representatives of all the organizational authorities concerned with the acquisition .	authorities
" A " turns around and is revealed to be CeCe Drake , who reveals that she was born as Charles before transitioning into Charlotte .	turns
" Red Inc . " was first sold as a sixteen-page publication priced fifty pence for a home league tie against Cork City on 31 January 1999 .	publication
More than 99 percent of the Monroe County population lives in the island chain known as the Florida Keys .	chain
He is also a frequent contributor during Fox News Channel 's election coverage .	coverage
The actual work was done by labourers , in those days known as navvies , supervised by gangers ( or foremen ) .	actual
One of the famed examples of the bounce rooski was Nebraska vs Oklahoma in 1982 , seen in this YouTube video .	examples
Once on the bench , he was known for writing many reported criminal law judgments .	criminal
Licensed to Crossville , Tennessee , United States , the station is currently owned by Peg Broadcasting , LLC , and features programming from ESPN Radio .	programming
This lakefront neighborhood is home to Margate Park Fieldhouse , a gym and fitness facility .	neighborhood
First Nations cultures are an essential part of the Alberni Valley 's makeup .	makeup
Of this , 5,088 were allocated for plantations and irrigable land , 2,319 for cereals , while 47 dunams were classified as built-up areas .	classified
Moreover , the tip of the ridge crests are flying cods , which were believed to be a half-dragon half-fish creature .	flying
On 19 January 2011 , he signed a two-year contract with former side Athletic to be made effective in July , being assigned to the reserves .	effective
Importantly , the JTE is associated with strict degeneracy in the electronic subsystem and so it cannot appear in systems without this property .	electronic
Now , with availability of machinery and knowledge , farmers normally stick to wheat and rice cultivation .	knowledge
Painting with a light source dates back to 1889 .	dates
In 1954 , three-year-old Porterhouse had a sub-par year in racing , with his only important win coming in the Old Knickerbocker Handicap .	racing
AFM says that a second Mi-26 prepared for the DRC has been stored with Skytech at Liège Airport , Belgium since at least June 2002 .	prepared
The main causes of obstructed labour include : a large or abnormally positioned baby , a small pelvis , and problems with the birth canal .	causes
The team plays in the North Section of the Oberliga ( " Upper League " ) , the third tier of German ice hockey .	hockey
She had a complete waterline belt of wrought iron that ranged in thickness from amidships to at the ends of the ship .	iron
The Quartet 's award-winning recordings include the complete Beethoven Cycle on the Decca label .	recordings
After graduating from Bard College in 1976 Pouchie worked as a teacher in the Bronx at Walton High School until 2004 .	graduating
In March 2015 he attended the reinterment of King Richard III of England as a guest of Leicester University and Leicester Cathedral .	guest
As the button line of fashion moved outwards and the garment became more flexible , a wider and lower button was needed , the Dorset Knob .	fashion
Vienna Papyrus G 2315 from Hermopolis , Egypt contains a choral ode with musical notation , possibly composed by Euripides himself .	possibly
It preserves fossils dating back to the Cretaceous period .	dating
This was done to give their own policymakers a negotiating advantage .	advantage
The Austrian forces only able to maintain links to the motherland via a corridor to the north , running along the east coast of Lake Garda .	maintain
In microindentation testing , the hardness number is based on measurements made of the indent formed in the surface of the test specimen .	testing
The freckle-breasted woodpecker ( " Dendrocopos analis " ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae .	bird
Succeeding his father as an Irish peer in 1749 , he sat in the Irish House of Lords until his death a decade later .	decade
Stille Volk ( meaning " The Silent People " in Dutch and German ) is a folk band from the Pyrenees area of France .	folk
In practice one has to treat it numerically Considering parallel curves the following is true :	parallel
He was interred in the Cornish family plot in Washington Cemetery .	plot
He was ahead of his time in the experimental treatment of tumors .	ahead
The Lord 's Army may refer to many religion-oriented groups , most notably :	notably
The Kenya News Agency ( KNA ) is a government-run national news agency created in 1963 .	agency
The museum buildings were originally a bone and flint mill built in 1857 to grind materials for the pottery industry .	mill
This move led AASSW , NASSA , and others to establish the National Council on Social Work Education in 1946 .	establish
A large number of families were evacuated from their hearth and homes without compensation from 1956 onwards .	homes
Only Albert Pujols had hit more home runs as a rookie in club history , doing so in 2001 .	doing
The reasons for controlling the displaced population varied .	reasons
Old nursery catalogues were filled with plums , peaches , pears and apples of numerous varieties .	filled
It 's daft to think you can do it alone .	think
In their 2010-2011 season , the Scouts won three state championships .	championships
He executed eight brothers and his own son Abu al-Aghlab on a vague suspicion .	executed
Recent archaeological investigations have utilized Electrical Resistivity Tomography ( ERT ) to examine the construction sequence of El Castillo .	sequence
Soon after the Spanish began trading in the islands for slave labour .	islands
After struggling to start the 2015 season , rumors indicated that Marlins ' owner Jeffrey Loria , was considering firing Redmond .	indicated
Various characters from the first volume were made into a figure collection .	volume
State Representative Rob Shadoin , a Republican lawyer from Ruston , is a former member of the board .	lawyer
Wesley , who a few seconds ago had dismissed the prophecy , is left more paranoid than ever .	seconds
Gardner sought to call it " Agaricus phosphorescens " .	sought
When Erich Everth died on in Leipzig , the long List of Victims of National Socialism got another entry .	entry
The song was also promoted by a Bryan Barber-directed music video which features Evans performing with her band in front of a light wall .	performing
The main ethnolinguistic group is the Ngambay , who represent more than 50 % of the territory 's population .	represent
The larvae feed on " Aster " species .	feed
EIF-2A is required for translation so by shutting down eIF-2A , the cell prevents the virus from hijacking its own protein-making machinery .	translation
The San Salvador del Tule Grant was the earliest on November 8 , 1797 , given to Juan Jose Balli .	earliest
He was elected to the membership in the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 2004 .	membership
Tank is a middle-aged , unemployed alcoholic who supported King 's non-violent approach , which the others have rejected in favor of violent revolution .	rejected
... perhaps the most controversial putative TS trigger is exposure to streptococcal infections .	perhaps
The Titans would go on to make the Super Bowl that year , but would lose by a touchdown .	touchdown
During World War II Fort Foster 's heavy guns were superseded by a new 16-inch ( 406 mm ) gun battery at Fort Dearborn .	guns
Ricardo – In " Gorilla Fist " , Ricardo gives Kim a ride to South America in his plane for saving his chicken farm from a mudslide .	plane
The sources of these rivers are on its southwestern slopes .	rivers
On January 1 , 1932 , parts of abolished Krasnogorodsky District were merged into Opochetsky District .	merged
More recently the club founded an open-age team into which the junior players could progress .	junior
However , in the whole spectral intensity distribution formula _ 32 of an electronic transition more information is encoded .	electronic
His illustrations are highly conceptual , in two styles , Dada influenced collage and spare blocky graphics .	influenced
In 1998 , while Wyclef Jean was touring Puerto Rico , Ivy Queen attended one of his concerts .	concerts
The videos have been published from June 13 to July 1 , 2014 on the " Obsessed " website .	videos
With respect to the commanders , Radetzky had preferred wherever possible to keep the same people in the same positions as in 1848 .	respect
Access is by canoe or by maintained hiking trails .	maintained
Incumbent President Elpidio Quirino lost his opportunity to get a second full term as President of the Philippines to former Defense Secretary Ramon Magsaysay .	opportunity
Pamphlets and printed sermons crisscrossed the Atlantic , encouraging the revivalists .	printed
Both portions of such a tester will have connectors compatible with the application , for example , modular connectors for Ethernet local area network cables .	application
A right turn continues southwards as State Route 10 to Northcliffe , allowing access to the Warren National Park .	allowing
He is Ramesh 's partner , and was the first target for the Bebe robots .	target
Singles below 35-years of age , and non-citizens are not allowed to purchase new HDB flats .	purchase
Much of the movie is inaudible , and the scratched up film stock gives you a headache from the get-go " .	stock
Burmese , spoken by two thirds of the population , is the official language .	spoken
He sent letters to his Romanian friends , both inside the country and in the anticommunist diaspora .	letters
He finally graduated in 2001 with a Bachelor of Arts in Foreign Language ( Spanish ) and Literature after taking years of correspondence courses .	courses
Levin has cited ' the Supreme Court ' in support of his language authorizing indefinite detention ( see box above ) .	cited
Cookie , who usually here has blond , braided hair .	hair
Then varies measuring instruments were used such as thermal combustion elemental analyser for Hydrogen and Vario 3 elemental analyser for Carbon , Nitrogen and Sulfur .	instruments
He also played several matches for youth selection before the end of season , helping team to survive in the Serbian youth league .	selection
Because this range is not a fixed number , it is hard to quantify .	fixed
The General Motors Wilmington Assembly automobile manufacturing facility was located on Boxwood Road just north of the town and operated from 1947 to 2009 .	manufacturing
The first graduating class was in 1965 .	graduating
It produced approximately 100 guitars during this period , which can be identified by small blue rectangular labels .	blue
This is a decline of 3.3 % over the previous census figure ( 2001 ) of 26,840 .	decline
The two main north-to-south thoroughfare is Martin Luther King Boulevard , otherwise known as FL-77 and U.S. Highway 231 .	otherwise
drew smaller glyphs to produce 38 lines of 81 characters , for 58 by 121 , and for 64 by 133 .	drew
Dayton Dynamo are a soccer organization based in Dayton , Ohio .	soccer
It was also heard in the trailers for all 3 of the Kids WB released films .	heard
In late 2008 a double-cd compilation of BBC Radio 1 sessions called " The Orb : Complete BBC Sessions 1989-2001 " was released .	compilation
It lies close to philosophy of culture , but has focus more on existentialism and spiritualism .	philosophy
Liv Jørgensen of Dagbladet gave it four points , applauding the film 's " insight and dramatic devices " .	devices
He often sketches in his sketch book , with much criticism from some of the gang .	criticism
McKenzie was not selected in the draft and became a free agent .	draft
On September 9 , 2014 , Apple announced the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus which supports H.265 for FaceTime over cellular .	supports
In 1807 he was attached to the staff of Marshal Mortier and in 1808 he was made a baron .	attached
Llandarcy is a village near Neath in Neath Port Talbot county borough , southwest Wales , and formerly the site of the UK 's first oil refinery .	southwest
They had greatest success with two 1981 singles " Body Music " ( # 4 on the	greatest
Citron " examines the practices and attitudes that have led to the exclusion of women composers from the received ' canon ' of performed musical works . "	practices
The road crosses PA 113 in Kulps Corner , at which point there are a few businesses .	businesses
The British tradition of taking tea with a little milk and sugar was introduced along with the samples .	tradition
Although no fatalities or injuries occurred , it was the only tornado of this magnitude ever recorded in Delaware .	injuries
Voters did not always vote the way editorials dictated , but they depended on the news coverage .	coverage
This problem is analogous to deblurring in the image processing domain .	image
" SOFTER : Jenny Holzer at Blenheim Palace " ( 28 September - 31 December 2017 ) was a solo exhibition by American artist Jenny Holzer .	exhibition
The speech was later mentioned in the judgements of the Nuremberg trials , at which Papen was acquitted .	speech
In 11th grade , he was ranked the 25th-best high school player in the country , and was dubbed the " Jewish Jordan " .	11th
He is the namesake of the Vicsek fractal and the Vicsek model of swarm behavior .	behavior
Prue quits her job but her anger unwittingly causes her to make his pen explode and his necktie to nearly strangle him .	causes
However , it was clearly recognized that associations in memory are idiosyncratic , hence , what works for one will not automatically work for all .	memory
Marx believes the working machine is the most important part of developed machinery .	machine
It is surrounded by a bank and ditch about wide and high .	surrounded
The 1996 – 97 Cypriot Fourth Division was the 12th season of the Cypriot fourth-level football league .	12th
On 6 October , Tew reported the site received 65,000 unique visitors ; it received 1465 Diggs , becoming one of the most Dugg links that week .	visitors
Mical 's mother 's family were sent to Dachau to be killed on Kessler 's orders .	orders
( Anti ) Realism brought together young contemporary visual artists based in Sweden , China , Great Britain , the Netherlands and France .	visual
He planned to write a series of biographies on early settlers in the region and document the Indian Wars in the Ohio River Valley .	write
Northampton manager Rob Page expressed regret after his decision to release Lelan , saying " the lad has gone in and given a good account of himself .	expressed
On 19 April 2016 , Knight re-signed with the Wildcats on a two-year deal , a month after undergoing shoulder stabilisation surgery on his left arm .	surgery
It fills a valley in the south of the complex about thick .	valley
A differing version of the battle exists in the Philippine Revolutionary Records .	exists
In Athens , Gavriilidis began by doing editorial work for " The Daily Debater " .	doing
By the 1880s , the post office was moved across the river and was renamed Waltersville for the local family carrying the same surname .	carrying
Eremophila platycalyx is a flowering plant in the figwort family , Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to Western Australia .	endemic
Western Turkey is mainly fault-block terrain with steep-sided ridges running east-west and rivers in the rifts .	rivers
Due to shortages of missionaries , although the missions were established they often went without Christian instruction for long periods of time .	missions
Seeman 's career turned to professional songwriting when Dee Dee Bridgewater recorded the Ramsey Lewis instrumental " Tequila Mockingbird " with Seeman 's lyrics .	lyrics
It is revealed he has had similar issues trying to leave town in the past and does not understand why Phoebe is so nice about it .	trying
On January 13 , 1840 , he was elected the first mayor of Austin .	mayor
This branch line is having a length of and is administered under Guntur railway division of South Central Railway zone .	zone
Dnipro has strained relations to Shakhtar Donetsk , Metalurg Zaporizhya , Chornomorets Odesa , Metalist Kharkiv , Kryvbas Kryvyy and Arsenal Kyiv .	relations
It is responsible for supporting and accommodating people seeking asylum while their cases are being dealt with .	supporting
Ciampanti is said to have painted frescoes in 1485 for the Chapel of San Regolo and in 1486 for the Ospedale di Camaiore in Lucca .	painted
These ideas eventually became the basis of ECAD 's products .	ideas
Most of the work in Granada was directed at agricultural production , however .	agricultural
The Master of the Cappella Medici Polyptych ( sometimes called the Master of Terenzano ) was an Italian painter active between about 1315 and 1335 .	painter
Borsonia ceroplasta is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae .	marine
She finished her international career with 16 caps and 3 goal to her credit .	credit
Welsh is the Library 's main medium of communication but it does , however , aim to deliver all public services in Welsh and English .	communication
It is operated by the Thunder Bay Historical Museum Society , incorporated in 1972 as the successor to the Thunder Bay Historical Society .	successor
The Guarani language , along with Spanish , is an official language of Paraguay and is spoken by 90 % of the population .	spoken
The album did not receive favourable reviews from media or fans , with many reviewers decrying in particular the over-use of synthesizers and pre-programmed drums beats .	fans
In total , the five teams selected 55 players over 13 rounds .	rounds
The next day , she received orders to escort to the Lingayen Gulf off Luzon .	orders
On September 2 , 1941 , the DE 20 bridge over the railroad tracks in Seaford opened to traffic .	railroad
ASTM Specification E384 , for example , states that the load range for microhardness testing is 1 to 1000 gf .	testing
The abbey consisted of four wings around a courtyard .	wings
Nemesis is excited to learn that Barry Manilow wants to produce a track for the upcoming album .	learn
Lauterbach studied human medicine at the RWTH Aachen University , University of Texas at San Antonio , and University of Düsseldorf , where he graduated .	medicine
An insulinoma removed from a woman in Munich provided insulin mRNA that was used in the first human gene cloning experiment .	gene
They subsequently argued that Barampama 's election was invalid , since without their members , there were not enough members voting to form a quorum .	argued
Industry Technology Facilitator ( ITF ) is an oil industry trade organisation established in 1999 .	organisation
Strategic planning 's role is " to realise and to support strategies developed through the strategic thinking process and to integrate these back into the business " .	planning
In 1918 a young and simple Mongol herdsman and trapper is cheated out of a valuable fox fur by a European capitalist fur trader .	simple
He became the Lions starting fullback as a rookie , playing in 13 games , starting six and catching nine passes .	passes
The 39th running of the Tour of Flanders cycling classic was held on Sunday , 27 March 1955 .	classic
Main agricultural products in ha .	agricultural
Ward 's goal for the episode was " to weird it up " and play off bizarre ideas and imagery .	ideas
3 in the UK , staying in the charts for over a year and eventually going double platinum in that country .	charts
Post-war the factory was used by Vickers to build 28,000 aluminium prefab bungalows .	factory
From 1948-1953 Lievegoed was a consultant for assistance to uneducated working-class children .	assistance
An IMAX theater was added to the Kentucky Science Center in 1988 .	theater
Khairachatar has been a major beneficiary of The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act although a large part of the population is still dependent on agriculture .	agriculture
Ecological anthropology developed from the approach of cultural ecology , and it provided a conceptual framework more suitable for scientific inquiry than the cultural ecology approach .	scientific
He had five tackles and contained Pittsburgh receiver Mike Wallace .	contained
The rules are based on these variations of the game ; they are universally known and are usually the only ones permitted at Schafkopf tournaments .	ones
with the status still an open question for " n " =	question
The conditions were unsanitary , passengers often lacked food and water .	passengers
He participated in the men 's 85 kg event at the 2015 World Championships and at the 2016 Summer Olympics , finishing in fourteenth position .	finishing
Furthermore , it was tasked with protection of southern wing of Kraków Army , and the oil-rich area of Borysław and Drohobycz .	protection
Christian Johnson ( born October 17 , 1986 ) is a former American football offensive lineman .	offensive
Interactive Collateral Management tools have encouraged organizations to attain these objectives :	tools
Iraq started another wave of Arabization by moving Arabs to the oil fields in Kurdistan , particularly those around Kirkuk .	fields
The college also employs more than 1,500 faculty members .	faculty
Wade Pipes was considered the " foremost exponent of English Cottage architecture " in the state .	architecture
In 1978 the Congregational Memorial Hall Trust was established to handle income from Caroone House and then from the capital raised from its sale .	sale
He gave financial support to the University of Oxford in their investigations of seismology , funding projects under Herbert Hall Turner .	funding
These stories are often parables , which suggest a proper protocol , or code of behavior for Gwich ’ in .	behavior
Sheena also produces her own artwork under the moniker ' Times New Romance ' .	produces
Langton remained involved with Boyd after he withdrew , often backing Boyd when his credit was low .	credit
Islam has continued to spread through commerce and migrations ; especially in Southeast Asia , America and Europe .	spread
The Ali Sabieh Region has cold winters than the highlands , while the lowlands has mild winters .	cold
He was later a founding member of the Free Officers and was appointed member of the Egyptian Revolutionary Command Council after the 1952 Revolution .	founding
Born in Ferrara as Giuseppina Greci , the daughter of the journalist and television writer Luigi .	journalist
However you won 't see any as there is a no fishing , swimming , boating policy in the park !	fishing
The next year , Park was runner-up to Steve Reeves in the 1950 NABBA Amateur Mr. Universe in London ( also a close contest ) .	contest
String girdling Earth is a mathematical puzzle with a counterintuitive solution .	solution
The engine 's cylinders were arranged outside the plate frames .	arranged
In 1998 they finished second in the table , but with 60 points : 32 behind champions Tennis Borussia Berlin .	champions
Architect Scott Merrill designed the Seaside Chapel , an interfaith chapel and local landmark .	chapel
Silke Rottenberg , the former German football goalkeeper , will perform the draw .	perform
Population : 29,943 ( 2002 Census ) ; The population of Valday accounts for 60.8 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
It moves north , crossing the Perimeter Highway .	crossing
Spence joined Milton Keynes Dons on a one-month loan on 24 October 2013 .	loan
There is no central monetary institution or central bank in Tuvalu .	institution
Among the works are Egyptian , Assyrian , and Phoenician art , as well as Greek sculptures of the classical period .	classical
It was released on DVD in 2002 by Vanguard Cinema and was the first fictional movie featuring Garifuna actors in leading roles .	actors
While Ramos was in Mexico , MLS allocated him to the future New York / New Jersey franchise , eventually known as the MetroStars .	franchise
Although , according to Kato Masao , this pattern originated in Japan , Chen was the person who made this fuseki famous .	pattern
After a vain endeavor to rally the shattered ranks the Confederate officers gave up the attempt and sought the cover of the woods .	sought
On June 3 , British actor Tim Roth signed on to play Alabama governor George Wallace .	governor
His poem " Yr Adgyfodiad " was published in 1849 , whilst he was a minister at Tredegar in the Sirhowy Valley .	poem
After the appearance , the twins wrap up the season by interviewing about their experiences and all the people who have taken chances for them .	experiences
She has received multiple accolades for her literary and public achievements .	literary
" Lucky Girl " is a retro-style dance-pop song produced by Hayley Aitken and Ollipop with lyrics written by Kenzie .	lyrics
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was later convicted for bombing the Marathon , and was sentenced to death .	sentenced
Cavendish was knocked off his horse and killed by a sword thrust in the chest .	horse
Portions of the township were ceded to Weehawken in 1879 .	township
His interception total stands as highest by an Army player since Kenny Dale Rowland recorded five interceptions in 1998 .	stands
Stratified flows are very common such as the Earth 's ocean and its atmosphere .	flows
In trade and transport this was 0 .	transport
On the way back to Germany , she stopped in Padang in the Dutch East Indies and Bombay , India .	stopped
All methods for assessing druggability are highly dependent on the training sets used to develop them .	methods
In Leeds , the growth of the financial and business services sector from the mid-1980s onwards resulted in a boom in office developments in the city centre .	sector
The partnership of consumer electronics company Lenovo with the online video community looks like its most ambitious so far .	partnership
The interior has an aisled four-bay nave and a three-bay chancel with circular columns .	interior
In 2005 , he played in seven games as a reserve tight end and had eight catches for 55 yards on the season .	reserve
The original Telegraph Station has been preserved and is now a monument to the troubles which beset the early days of the Territory .	preserved
The " Dnipro-1 " Regiment ( ) is a Special Tasks Patrol Police regiment subordinated to Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine .	regiment
It is named after the small hill ( " bult " ) that it lies on .	hill
It has a lot of different factors that can contribute to power , and I would just list a few of them .	factors
The receiver then catches the ball nonchalantly as it bounces up again .	ball
This marine species occurs off Puerto Rico , Saint Thomas , U.S. Virgin Islands and the Virgin Islands .	marine
The solo version of the Christi Carol was arranged for and dedicated to John Hahessy ( John Elwes ) .	arranged
The Shield , designed and made by Kandyan silversmiths was donated by Principal E.L. Bradby on his departure from Ceylon in 1945 .	donated
The clashes however failed to reduce the killings of civilians by the BSF .	reduce
From 1999 and before , the intersection with PA 434 used to be with PA 1001 .	intersection
The rating reflects Fubon Bank 's strong capitalisation , good liquidity and sound asset quality .	rating
The database includes nearly 120 newspapers titles and provides access to over 1,100,000 pages from the years before 1919 .	newspapers
The term heavy rail has different meanings in different parts of the world .	rail
On 3 November " Ellyson " sailed in the scouting line for " Iowa " who was carrying President Franklin D. Roosevelt to the Teheran Conference .	carrying
He played college football at Auburn and was drafted by the New England Patriots in the fourth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
About December 1965 , one of the 344th 's platoons moved to Da Nang and was attached to the Air Force wing .	attached
The burial ground is adjacent to the Negro Burial Ground , a property bequeathed by Thomas Ryerson .	adjacent
Masaba was still remanded in prison custody at the instance of the Sharia Court .	instance
The Seoul Central District Court ruled in favor of the three and granted an injunction suspending their contracts .	ruled
It is Xmas again , and everyone is locking down for the arrival of Robot Santa .	arrival
to a hub , DCE ) , which also brings a less trivial case of interconnection of devices of the same type : DTE-DTE or DCE-DCE .	devices
As of December 2010 an hourly CrossCountry train runs from to Manchester Piccadilly , via , calling at Southampton Central .	calling
For example , Alexandrah is unusual among female performers due to her complete baldness .	unusual
In Variety , Joe Leydon said the film " pays heartfelt tribute to Ilan Ramon " and called the documentary scrupulously detailed .	documentary
No official explanation exists for the demise of the line .	exists
For this , hardware design innovations are needed at the individual storage unit level .	storage
The suspects were released on the condition that they remain available to police .	condition
The rest of the film shows how Bhagyalakshmi recovers her memory with Srinivas ' help .	memory
The massive turnover in staff lead to a number of changes in team and player personnel .	personnel
The first performance occurred on 10 May 1868 as offertory of a mass of Antonio Lotti .	mass
Marc Neil-Jones , born 14 October 1957 , is a Ni-Vanuatu journalist .	journalist
In some countries , phytoestrogenic plants have been used for centuries in the treatment of menstrual and menopausal problems , as well as for fertility problems .	centuries
ribs that extend from the sinal sulcus at the summit anteriorly to the suture , becoming weaker toward the suture .	toward
The Plan created a system of ' living and learning ' by Small Residence .	learning
Let it be the same with weights as with measures . "	measures
This wall was 12-14 inches wide and most likely served as a major factor in stabilizing erosion down slope .	factor
The Airflow was an exceptionally modern and advanced car , and an unparalleled engineering success .	engineering
Kate replies , " No , I didn 't . "	didn
It was described by John Heath in 1986 , and is endemic to the type locality at Skikda in Algeria .	endemic
The Venetian-Ottoman conflict escalated into the Ottoman – Venetian War .	conflict
Kahn supported Herbert Hoover 's unsuccessful campaign against Franklin Delano Roosevelt in the 1932 presidential election .	presidential
This time would remain Meanix 's best , and stood as a world record until John Norton ran 54.2 in 1920 .	stood
They can be cured with UV light in as fast as 1 second of light exposure .	fast
John Thompson had a house and established a grist mill nearby in 1805 .	mill
WKBW in Buffalo , New York broadcast a recording of Johns ' May 1969 " Get Back " compilation in its entirety on 20 September 1969 .	compilation
He has received medals from the Society of Illustrators in New York .	medals
Hermiæ irrisio gentilium philosophorum , ’ with his own annotations and those of many previous scholars .	scholars
Gulf Company is involved in after sale services and has a number of car maintenance and repair centers in Syria .	sale
Max injures his back and Gus spends his time at the Hoyland 's looking after him .	looking
Schottenheimer emphasizes offensive attacks that work as follows :	offensive
Landsteiner discovered that adverse effects arise from mixing blood from two incompatible individuals .	blood
Further information about the biological exploration of the region is found in expedition reports ( Donegan & Huertas 2005 ; Huertas & Donegan 2006 ) .	expedition
The wrist strap is tied with a Cow hitch knot .	tied
I feel like I 've finally shed the music that I grew up with . "	feel
Three more will be installed by the end of June 2014 .	installed
Typically , tall trees such as a cottonwood or pine tree are selected , and the nest may be in the open or concealed by foliage .	tall
He is forced to mate with the high-status women of the tribe , who are large and big-breasted .	tribe
Abu 'l-Hasan first appears as director of the department of the army ( " dīwān al-jaysh " ) under Caliph al-Wathiq ( ruled 842 – 847 ) .	ruled
Ron Dewar is a jazz tenor saxophone player in the Chicago area .	jazz
While flying at an average speed of 186 m / s , it penetrates 480 mm of RHA .	flying
The RUC said there had been 1,600 plastic bullets fired , 550 attacks on the security forces , and 41 people arrested .	fired
The poems are read by Carter and Staunton , whilst the music is performed by Show of Hands .	read
They said that they had an ongoing investigation when they received the petition .	investigation
In 1968 , she sold her rights to the cordless phone to a manufacturer who modified it for practical use .	modified
Nance developed the Nance Appliance , which is used to prevent upper first molars from moving forward after the maxillary first primary molar has been prematurely lost .	prevent
He was again the primary relief pitcher for the Reds squad , though he did start 15 games .	squad
The bronze cast was dedicated November 8 , 1893 as a gift from the Elmwood Association to the City of Providence .	bronze
In addition to the social message , " Resolved " involves commentaries from Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito , Jane Pauley , and Juan Williams .	message
It took the SWAT team almost 2 hours to kill Mendoza with a sniper .	kill
The closest Canadian airport with large airline service is Whitehorse Airport , which has domestic airline service as well as flights to Europe and the United States .	domestic
In Week 3 , he collected a season-high seven combined tackles in a 26 – 16 loss at the Buffalo Bills .	collected
Many photographers and studios specialized in images with an Orientalist theme .	images
He lectured in the universities of Moscow , Salamanca , Spain and in Aberystwyth on his return to Wales in 1969 .	universities
GIS also holds 100 % shares of Gulf Helicopters Company Q.S.C. , Al-Koot Insurance and Reinsurance Company S.A.Q .	shares
Chickasaw Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
Originally only accessible to association members who had to show their cards to get in , it eventually became open to the general public .	cards
He was brought in to replace Simon Shepherd , who bowed out of the show during previews .	replace
In January 1979 , Udall introduced a modified version of H.R .	modified
Qualification rule : The top two finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next two fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the final .	heat
Ice-T 's financial success cannot excuse the vileness of his message ... Hitler 's anti-Semitism sold in Nazi Germany .	message
It was originally executed for the Franciscan hermitage of Valle Romita near Gentile 's birthplace , Fabriano .	executed
The top-two teams qualified to the 2009 Copa Sudamericana .	qualified
He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1940 , an institution where he later taught .	institution
Still others may typically run in primary elections for a party 's nomination and lose repeatedly .	nomination
There were more games , and the chart was shown at the end of the episode in one block .	block
During the Soccer Bowl years the trophy was interchangeably regarded by association as the Soccer Bowl trophy , though the official title remained the same .	regarded
If the waveform is reduced by 20 % , then the following are the new values :	values
In keeping with Buddhist practices , she helps refugees at the Tibetan Centre Hamburg and guides and teaches Buddhist students .	practices
The top-four teams qualified to the Third Stage .	qualified
He hosts the show , which has been on the air continuously since its start .	hosts
Cars 1 - 10 Single deck combination cars built 1901 - 44 seats	combination
The third floor rafters house the computer lab and ACBA 's unique library and its special collections .	collections
In a typical year the coldest night should fall to , and 40.2 nights should receive an air frost .	typical
Routing term used for the next gateway to which packets should be forwarded along the path to their final destination .	path
Her name was struck from the Navy List on 14 May 1952 .	struck
In the fourth quarter of 2011 , they fenced the construction site and construction began in April 2012 .	quarter
After making his debut the following season and spending twelve seasons with the Beaneaters , Nichols spent a two-year sojourn in the minor leagues .	twelve
He once dated Patty Griffin and his neighbor is Ed McGuinness .	dated
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Jack Wilson .	eliminated
and small community stores with postal facilities were established at Canaveral , Canaveral Harbor and Artesia .	stores
Moira accompanies Paul on one flight , but the plane develops engine trouble and they have to land away from base .	plane
That was the only song that was kind of old [ on the album ] . "	kind
Her husband died from a brain tumour in 1994 .	brain
In 1998 , financial markets were changing .	markets
The driver , fireman , and one of the guards were killed .	driver
During the second half of 1997 , the F-250 HD ( heavy duty ) was in the same series as the F-350 .	duty
It recirculated , rather than merely cooled , the air inside the vehicle , and it was also the highest capacity unit available on an automobile .	vehicle
Other rebel groups rejected this and said they would continue to fight .	rejected
As clerk of the Cherokee National Council , Ridge participated in tribal delegations to Washington , DC to consult with United States officials .	officials
Mackenzie said the storyline was a challenge for him , as it was all about the emotion .	challenge
Following this , five articles were written about Madigan in " The Times . "	articles
The RAF and RCAF continued to operate from two Royal Air Force stations through to the end of the war .	operate
IRD officials were ordered not to tell even other FO staff where they worked .	officials
It also marks the third consecutive number-one music video on GAC for Underwood .	consecutive
Aboriginal peoples apply to the Victorian Aboriginal Heritage Council ( VAHC ) , who determines which applicants will be registered as Registered Aboriginal Parties ( RAPs ) .	registered
On the north wall there are two two-light windows ; one depicts the parable of the Good Samaritan and the other St Peter and St Paul .	windows
On 1 October 1951 British Railways closed Rewley Road station to passengers and transferred its services to the former GWR station .	passengers
He is known more for criminal activities and less for social work .	criminal
Melbourne Beach is Brevard County 's oldest beach community .	beach
At one point the venue was called Bang and was a gay nightclub .	venue
The neighborhood should not be confused with Chinatown , which is in the Armour Square community area on the South Side of the city .	neighborhood
One sitting governor was defeated in the November 2000 general election .	governor
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 6 teachers were rated " Non ‐ Highly Qualified " under No Child Left Behind .	teachers
Monbiot took the view that Ridley had failed to learn from the collapse of Northern Rock .	learn
Both sisters were subjected to severe torture in order to betray their connections .	severe
A track " Chocolate Fingers " was uploaded onto the label 's MySpace profile .	onto
The fruits are globose and half an inch in diameter .	diameter
The 135th Aviation Regiment is a Aviation Branch regiment of the United States Army , first formed in August 1985 .	regiment
Some breeders feel that only dogs that have been x-rayed and checked for spinal anomalies should be bred .	feel
Walker 's expresses a communal opportunity for men while acknowledging how they can be dangerous to the womanist community .	opportunity
Qualification rule : The first three finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next six fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the semifinals .	heat
The Buma Cultuur is a non-profit organization that supports and promotes Dutch music .	supports
He had loan spells with NK Koprivnica , and Sloboda Varaždin .	loan
Astrophysicist David Schiminovich created both the equations and the diagram , based on " an equation that constrains the mass density of neutrinos in the universe " .	mass
Standard gauge ( 4 foot 8.5 inches ) was used throughout .	foot
In February 1997 , Billie accompanies his great grandmother Blossom ( Mona Hammond ) on a trip to a local building society .	trip
Major creeks that flow into the Ocmulgee River include :	flow
The conviction of Geldenhuys on the six later charges was set aside .	charges
Alba took the opportunity to seize the now-undefended area around Loch Lomond .	opportunity
" List of county roads in Sarasota County , Florida	roads
It remains this way because of the islands ' past as a British colony with descendants from the British Isles .	islands
Interest groups and task groups were called gilds rather than committees .	task
AmigaDOS commands are expected to provide a standard " template " that describes the arguments they can accept .	describes
An is a guardian god or spirit of a particular place in the Shinto religion of Japan .	religion
Euro NCAP , IIHS and NHTSA test side impacts in different ways .	ways
Ultimately the Bank of Canada was established and the banks relinquished their right to issue their own currency .	banks
In 2014 , the National Park Service formally recognizes Wesleyan Cemetery 's role in the audacious plight by naming it a Network to Freedom Landmark .	formally
he was closely associated with the Government and the Chief Ministers of Uttar Pradesh :	closely
The first minute books also date from this time .	minute
In accordance with the second Rochdale principle , democratic member control , ultimate authority in the organization lies with the Board of Directors .	authority
When West 's session ran over , Rogers ended up sitting in the studio waiting .	session
The song was written especially for the scene by the show 's composer Graham Bollard .	composer
The ebook was also featured in the Best of 2013 promotion in iBooks .	promotion
The footage also suffers from slight camera shake .	camera
Additionally , Cox was the most famous cast member at the time amidst an ensemble of relatively unknown actors .	actors
James Fisher and the granddaughter of Ebenezer Erskine , two of the founding ministers of the United Secession Church .	founding
Older larvae feed freely on the leaf .	feed
This demanded expansion , but appropriations for shore activities were meager .	expansion
In order to ensure that hive products are safe for humans to consume , beekeepers can freeze the hives for one to two days at .	humans
The facility is 116 meters high , has 31 floors , of which three are below ground .	meters
After the 1966 World Cup was successfully televised in the United States , two new leagues were formed .	successfully
These states fought each other and were under constant threat from the Khmers , Burma and Vietnam .	constant
While historically known for its strong aromatics and flavor profile , the grape has been declining in importance and planting and is now nearly extinct .	importance
The opercula are traditionally treated with vinegar , alcohol and water in order to remove any fishy smell .	treated
Industries were set up and concentrated on Belfast , which resulted in a high level of internal migration to the town .	internal
Different species exhibit different nest structures .	structures
Energy attended several award ceremonies without Milk , performing their creatively written ballad " We " ( ) as a three-member band .	performing
Their first album was " Birds of a Feather " , released in 1970 and featuring Elton John on piano .	piano
There have also been several undisclosed security modifications made to the vehicle .	vehicle
She makes herself a cloak and a hood , and a muff and mittens .	herself
It is also an important town in order of Lonavla Khandala Malavli on the Mumbai-Pune road link .	link
In 2015 , The Economist featured Yseop in one of the front cover articles .	articles
The album is also the band 's first to contain a full vocal track , " Little Laughter " , performed by Jo Harrop .	contain
He conceived the idea of creating a platform in which the different Kodava families can get together .	creating
Recently , Pan-Cancer resources were created for the Networks Of lncRNAs , microRNAs , CeRNAs and RNA-Binding Proteins ( RBPs ) .	resources
Fall begins with the passage of the first cold front from the north , often in late September or early October .	cold
During the battle , Graviton describes himself as becoming a " living black hole " and morphs into a humanoid .	describes
The " Dil Se .. " soundtrack album , where the song appeared on , sold six million units in India .	soundtrack
Andrew Tisch of the Loews Corporation and Larry Ellison of Oracle Corporation also contributed venture capital .	contributed
which is their monthly magazine , won the prize of " Best titled book in Japan ( 日本タイトルだけ大賞 ) " in 2012 .	prize
The appendices contain expansions , modules and supplements published by FGU .	contain
The following table , based on Maimonides , gives an outline of the requirements for atonement in sins between man and God :	requirements
Ubiquitin-dependent degrons are so named because they are implicated in the polyubiquitination process for targeting a protein to the proteasome .	protein
On April 13 , 2017 , Gai was sentenced to 14 years in prison for bribery .	sentenced
It is on the list of largest banks in the United States .	banks
Upon learning that it was a mere 13-year-old boy , he summoned him as quickly as possible , and promptly declared him to be a fraud .	learning
Thus the name could mean ' Open land near a Romano-British Christian church ’ .	mean
However , , these scholarships are open for other applicants , the grade requirements remaining the same .	requirements
The park is named for the numerous fjords carved by glaciers moving down the mountains from the ice field .	mountains
It is the only guild still celebrated in the UK .	celebrated
As a parting gift to their fans , the band would release " Resurrect the Insurgence " digitally through Bandcamp on May 1 , 2015 .	fans
The Seventh Avenue West Incline ran in Duluth , Minnesota , from 1891 until 1939 , when the tracks were sold for scrap for the war effort .	effort
In 2012 he headed up the Cold Case Homicide Division .	headed
If successful ( strong cases must be made ) the candidate may be allowed to attend a Main Board .	attend
with the experimental data supplies the values for the current quark masses .	values
At the southern end of the peninsula is the town of Pegeia and on its northeast side the town of Polis .	northeast
That supposition vanishes in a few minutes , as Renner slowly reveals the strength , confidence and unpredictability of a young Russell Crowe .	strength
The Italian American Congressional Delegation currently includes 30 members of Congress who are of Italian descent .	descent
In late years , he was particularly critical of the Taliban and of what he saw as their narrow vision of Afghanistan ’ s future .	narrow
Mac Dhòmhnail took revenge and James Campbell was executed , protesting however , that it was done under the King James I of Scotland 's order .	executed
The return of Galvatron was a major plot point of the TransForce Convention exclusive story , " Alignment " .	plot
His theatre toured more than 350 cities in the USSR and 90 cities in foreign countries .	toured
The Corvus Fusion features an inverted oil system and symmetric wings which allow it to fly equally well either upright or up-side-down .	wings
Wheeljack sets up an energy shield around the city to keep the infestation contained , but it will only last for 24 hours .	contained
The result of this impact caused the " X " to fall off the ropes .	impact
Another maternal family relation , New York publicist Lee Goode Kingsley , established Selig 's relations in the art world .	relations
This is compounded in alloys where the particles are thermally-unstable and may grow or dissolve with time .	grow
Further injuries to Jesse Wagstaff and Shawn Redhage threw the Wildcats ' season into disarray as they stumbled through the regular season with inadequate injury replacements .	injuries
Svetlanka and Liljana make up , but Svetlanka is horrified when she sees Luka Dokich ( Keelan O 'Hehir ) talking to Serena in the Coffee Shop .	sees
The exploitation of forests demanded displacement as areas were deforested .	forests
All but Mount Wrangell have been modified by glaciers to sharper , steeper relief than the gentle , rounded forms that characterize young shield volcanoes .	modified
Financial economists have put forth a hypothesis that the forward rate accurately predicts the future spot rate , for which empirical evidence is mixed .	spot
" Y " is years since the epoch ( 2000 ) , expressed in Julian years of 365.25 days .	expressed
Mr. Martin takes charge of the group and they make their way into a propeller shaft where the steel hull is at its thinnest .	steel
Individuals of First Nations , Inuit , and Métis ancestry who have reached a significant level of achievement in their respective occupations are eligible for nomination .	nomination
In the eyes of the Lithuanian public it was easy to discredit the group by pointing out the support from Poland .	eyes
Tom decides to use his teaching qualifications that he earned and begins teaching at a small school .	decides
The CSIR remained under von Kleist ’ s command until 3 June 1942 when it was subordinated to German General Richard Ruoff ’ s 17th Army .	17th
He attended the Law Department of the University of Tennessee and was admitted to the bar in 1889 .	admitted
In 1995 , in recognition of a lifetime of significant achievement , Petaja was named an " Author Emeritus " by the Science Fiction Writers of America .	recognition
She deduces that the things Tommy makes disappear go to wherever he is thinking of .	things
Australia was the place where the Army 's organised social work began on 8 December 1883 with the establishment of a home for ex-convicts .	establishment
However , on November 28 , 2008 , it was reported that the heart condition " may be career-ending . "	condition
The first edition was printed on Jan. 4 , 1868 .	printed
The term " affect " takes on a different meaning in other fields .	fields
Rahl continues to send all kinds of vile people to kill Zedd , even Mord 'Sith .	kill
It has an area of roughly 48 square kilometers ( 18.5 square miles ) .	roughly
Over the years some Cox model engines were sold to other companies for use in their products and sold under the other companies names .	engines
The village has three main claims to fame :	claims
She is horrified at the unflattering drawing and the reaction of the surrounding crowd .	reaction
In 2015-2016 , Montrose 's soccer team won the Independent Girls Conference and the lacrosse team was league co-champion .	soccer
These stainless steel reliefs have been made by Robert Kaja .	steel
These pronouncements presaged the major reorientation of Chinese communism in the reform movement .	reform
The case also gave FEMA the power to sue localities who fail to meet flood plain management requirements .	requirements
The 1931 – 32 Slovenian Republic League was the 13th season of the Slovenian Republic League .	13th
Kilkenny were the opposition and there was no doubt in the pundits ' minds that there would be anything but a victory for ' the Cats ' .	opposition
There were mixed reviews for the highly publicised storyline ( dubbed " Get Johnny Week " ) involving the Mitchell brothers reunion in 2006 .	involving
Also in the fifteenth Fajr Film Festival he was nominated for the best actor in supporting role for the movie " Splinters of Sun ' .	supporting
With a production budget of $ 70 million , the film grossed $ 76 million worldwide , making it a box office flop .	budget
At the request of Blackwell , Laswell oversaw the debut album by Ethiopian singer Gigi for Palm Pictures with Wayne Shorter , Herbie Hancock , and Laswell .	request
The championship was contested over an eight round series with two races per round .	contested
Males had a median income of $ 36,315 versus $ 28,018 for females .	versus
The unincorporated community of Wabeno is located from Northern Lights Bingo and Casino , run by the Forest County Potawatomi .	unincorporated
The criticism came primarily from conservative Muslims , primarily the controversial Islamic Defender Front ( Front Pembela Islam / FPI ) .	criticism
A compressor in " stereo linking " mode applies the same amount of gain reduction to both the left and right channels .	gain
Their last appearance on screen is Custer 's farewell to his wife .	screen
His son is musician and actor Liam Titcomb .	musician
In 1928 Stone moved to San Francisco to become the first radiologist on the faculty at the University of California School of Medicine .	faculty
For months , Landry was filmed everywhere he went , up to voting day .	filmed
He was the second high-ranking politician being examined from Heilongjiang province after the 18th Party Congress in 2012 .	18th
After two seasons with the Eagles , Allison contributed another three seasons with the St. Louis Cardinals and finished his NFL career with the Denver Broncos .	contributed
The fleet , militias and troops were kept on alert but it was realized that the danger had passed and were thus disbanded for winter quarters .	fleet
A calcium reactor is an efficient method to supply calcium to a reef aquarium .	supply
In 1955 , the city prepared to house the people who were going to be launching missiles from what is now Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .	prepared
Water-cooled chillers incorporate the use of cooling towers which improve the chillers ' thermodynamic effectiveness as compared to air-cooled chillers .	improve
In the West Bank , prior to its incorporation into Jordan in 1950 , Jordanian authorities issued stamps from 1948 until April 1950 .	authorities
On Sunday 6 July at 3 : 30am , 1,500 soldiers and riot police swept into the nationalist area in 100 armoured vehicles .	vehicles
The coverage of this makes Cliff a media icon .	coverage
This element also has 8 meta states , with the most stable being Am ( t = 141 years ) .	element
Its main roof extends from side to side , with a hip at one end and a gable at the other .	roof
Witgood lays out a plan to get his lands back from his uncle .	lands
How do you possibly tell Michael Jackson no ? "	possibly
The headquarters of all major sports governing bodies are located here in Lahore including Cricket , Hockey , Rugby , Football etc .	bodies
The airport 's two longest runways are and , allowing PIT to accommodate the largest airliners .	allowing
Qualification rule : The top two finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next two fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the final .	heat
She held this position until her appointment to the Court of Appeals in 2004 .	appointment
In June 2015 , Nvidia released their Shield gaming / streaming media console , which supports HEVC decode and 4K video .	supports
Songs on the album included " Juice " and " Surgery " , which were popular singles on the underground West Coast scene .	underground
12 , that is within the poem on the battle of Goths and Huns .	poem
Farmers grew additional beans and potatoes to compensate for the damaged crops , while the quick distribution of food prevented significant malnutrition .	damaged
The Unidata LDM software package is used to transport the ensemble model data from the providers to the archive centers .	transport
In September 2014 , the Azov battalion was expanded from a battalion to a regiment and enrolled into the National Guard of Ukraine .	regiment
As with many other species formerly included in " Zigadenus " , this species is highly toxic and potentially lethal to humans and to livestock .	humans
The characters in the game put out fires using hoses with the ability to shoot a direct stream or have a more proximate spray and fire-extinguishing bombs .	stream
He became Hussein 's architectural consultant for Baghdad City Planning , for the period , 1982-1983 .	architectural
It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period .	dating
This followed a 2012 ballot initiative , in which voters rejected constitutionally banning same-sex marriage .	rejected
" The Telegraph " reported the remarks about government , but did not publish his views on Murdoch .	views
Vincent and Harry become friends as they talk about theoretical physics and the nature of time .	talk
Logic levels were represented by two widely separated voltages .	separated
At the age of 11 , he began playing jazz saxophone .	jazz
MacLeod was educated in local public schools and also worked at the steel plant as a young man .	steel
At its largest , Memorial Stadium seated 65,000 fans .	fans
SDK 1.0 supports the Main profile while SDK 2.0 , which will be released in Q4 2013 , will add support for the Main 10 profile .	supports
What the treaty does affect is " new claims " :	claims
The curtain came down on the first night with one of the longest standing ovations the auditorium has ever had .	standing
On 8 August 1956 , a major mining disaster occurred at the Bois du Cazier .	mining
The troopships were to take Falmouth , while the warships would also intercept and destroy Essex 's returning fleet from the Azores .	fleet
The building is an extensive eleven-storey structure plus mezzanine above ground , with three basement levels .	extensive
These areas are managed by the New Jersey Division of Fish and Wildlife , an agency in the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection .	agency
which put together ways whereby conservative populists could be elected to office through an alliance of people from both parties in the Republican Party .	ways
Geothermal power in Turkey began in the 1970s in a prototype plant following systematic exploration of geothermal fields .	fields
He was allowed by Courts to travel for medical treatments , but later it was reported that he was missing and court issued an open warrant .	missing
An Assyrian governor named Kandalanu was then placed on the throne of Babylon to rule on behalf of Ashurbanipal .	governor
The relative speed creates on the blade , a force .	relative
His interest in music eventually led him to study arranging and composition at the Grove School of Music in Hollywood 1979 to 1982 .	composition
While obtaining those degrees , he worked as a teaching assistant at MIT ( beginning in 1960 ) .	degrees
It was a labor-intensive crop , and demand for it in England and Europe led to an increase in the importation of African slaves in the colony .	demand
She lives in New York City where she operates her own business , Mazeology LLP .	operates
Gorges intercepted them and after a very brief action captured them both along with the soldiers and crew and then took the prizes into St Ives .	brief
Two fighter squadrons , flying Daggers and A-4 Skyhawks , made 149 sorties against the British in the 45 days of operations .	flying
It is located adjacent to Elliston , at the confluence of the North and South Forks of the Roanoke River .	adjacent
The album was a return to Kantner 's musical roots featuring covers of 1950s and 1960s protest songs from the American folk music revival .	folk
The Divine Flame was preserved and carried over after every Yaga to the next one .	preserved
The final budget estimate is 11 billion Pakistan Rupees , up from the original estimate of 5 billion .	budget
The wagon helped spark New Jersey 's golden age of diner manufacturing , which in turn made the state the diner capital of the world .	manufacturing
In 2006 , he made 78 stops and contributed with 11 sacks and 13.5 tackles for loss in 14 games .	contributed
In 2018 , 847,251 passengers travelled through the airport , a 4.93 % increase compared with 2017 .	passengers
In October it was shifted to 46th Army , and added the 82nd Machine-gun Battalion to its order of battle on the 10th .	10th
CERDEC 's product manager for C4ISR On-the-Move assesses the effectiveness of inserting new technologies into an operationally relevant environment .	environment
Following his collegiate career , Hilliard was invited to the NFL Scouting Combine .	invited
The lake serves as the headwaters to the Piscataquog River , which flows east to the Merrimack River in Manchester .	flows
On 24 August , ahead of the declaration of war , AA Command was fully mobilised at its war stations .	ahead
He retired from the Seahawks prior to the 2008 season because he was " at risk for paralysis because of a lower back and spine injury ... "	risk
The New York City water supply system leaks at a rate of up to per day .	supply
Her father George Richards Minot was born in 1927 and worked as a banker and stock broker in Boston .	stock
Those pirates who had fled successfully continued their piratical activities elsewhere in the Caribbean in what has become known as the Golden Age of Piracy .	successfully
The 1983 King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes was a horse race held at Ascot Racecourse on Saturday 23 July 1983 .	horse
Members of libraries which have reciprocal borrowing agreements with the NPR library are also issued free cards .	cards
Carteaux , reluctant , sent only a weak detachment under Major General Delaborde , which failed in its attempted conquest on 22 September .	attempted
Breuvage may be used in European French , but generally indicates some nuance , possibly pejorative .	possibly
Coinage of the term " G-spot " has been credited to Addiego et al .	credited
It has also been translated and released in several other countries .	translated
Key denied that spy agencies had been involved , and hinted that the source of the information was Cameron Slater .	denied
The club has enjoyed plenty of success since its formation and has won the Westmeath Senior Hurling Championship on seven occasions since 1975 .	occasions
Unlike the television series , which separated the original book into two mini-episodes , the game keeps the story as one .	separated
This syndrome consists a number of typical features .	typical
For this reason , Shota and Zedd do not trust or like each other .	reason
Examples of budget airlines include EasyJet and Ryanair .	budget
In October 2009 , the EPA awarded to the City of Gardena an additional $ 400,000 environmental assessment grant .	environmental
They notice that the surrounding area is swampy , leading them to note that the loggers may have built a bridge over the swamp .	note
As consequence , several local branches and groups of SCI were founded in Asia .	branches
Boys ' teams are called " Westerners , " whereas girls ' teams are called " Lady Westerners . "	girls
A socialist and an advocate of African independence and unity , Ki-Zerbo was also a vocal opponent of Thomas Sankara 's revolutionary government .	independence
The great horse culture of the plains was gone and the American frontier was soon to pass into history . "	horse
Most high school graduates who attend college enroll in an-Najah National University in Nablus or Bir Zeit University in Bir Zeit .	attend
Campbell was selected in the seventh round ( 218th overall ) of the 2008 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions .	seventh
The club had won national championship which also meant an increased interest around Elfsborg .	meant
Portions of the township were taken on July 3 , 1895 , to form East Newark .	township
Started in 1967 , the company originally exported timber to Japan before expanding markets to China , Taiwan , and Russia .	markets
Below is a more extensive description of each requirement of the Red Blazer programmes .	extensive
The country has historically been divided between two ethnic groups .	ethnic
The body of the Wii Remote measures long , wide , and thick .	measures
The larvae feed on " Ambrosia psilostachya " .	feed
A total of 29,571 households were counted in this woreda , resulting in an average of 4.29 persons to a household , and 28,717 housing units .	persons
Yunhu Bridge ( ) was built in 1472 and later destroyed and rebuilt several times .	rebuilt
Today , undisturbed rainforests are remnant , but rare .	rare
Van Oosten subsequently became one of the greatest practitioners and interpreters of organ works from that era .	greatest
Some Class I Rail Yards utilize RCO packs for their conductors , while others do not , depending on the size and type of Yard .	depending
Georgia now has a semi-presidential system with a unicameral parliament .	parliament
The Virginia House is believed to be the largest wooden structure in Virginia .	wooden
As well as treating cancer , the radio surgery technology has been used for treating Parkinson 's disease .	surgery
Drogseth started his national political career as a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway in the period 1937 – 45 .	deputy
After the miners extracted gold in long wooden sluices , they dumped the remaining sediment slurry back into the mountain valleys .	wooden
Skating 's Next Star is a reality television show that began airing on the WE tv on April 26 , 2006 .	reality
Suhar is currently experiencing significant investment and economic shifts making it the focus of attention of many local and international investors and businessmen .	investment
Established in 1996 , the township 's Urban Enterprise Zone status expires in May 2027 .	township
The detail of these exceptions was left to national copyright legislation , but the guiding principle is stated in Article 9 of the convention .	legislation
Craig signed for Accrington Stanley on loan in 2008 / 09 .	loan
The Katz Brothers used Bonham building to sell imported supplies .	sell
Apart from printed sermons , he was author of :	printed
Submerged leaves have a characteristic ladder pattern with whitish flecks when seen underwater .	pattern
It focuses on a young girl who suffers from psychosomatic blindness being terrorized by a hooded killer .	girl
He was appointed Mayor of London in 1261 ( the title of the office later was changed to Lord Mayor in the 14th century ) .	14th
He was a Resident Fellow at Stanford running an undergraduate residence .	residence
Above 6,000 inhabitants now live in the village .	inhabitants
Ullman explains : " It begins with the void that exists in every pit and will not disappear .	exists
He has been interviewed by several radio talk shows internationally .	talk
The 68th edition of the Kuurne – Brussels – Kuurne cycling classic was held on 28 February 2016 .	classic
On 4 December 2006 , the company was issued with a fine of 2.33 million yuan ( HK $ 2.9 million ) , which the company paid .	fine
FFS was more efficient on space and quite measurably faster than OFS , hence the name .	quite
Vedder stated that " Rats " is about the idea that " rats are probably a hell of a lot more admirable " than humans .	humans
Summer seasonal beers are typically formulated for warmer weather , and are typically light-bodied .	weather
Used as a storage hulk at Gibraltar .	storage
The default name " SYS : " is used to refer to the volume that the system was booted from .	volume
It was detected from the bacterium while investigating its role in patients suffering from a cancer , multiple myeloma .	patients
The play is about a female genealogist performing abortions .	performing
The new threat of Soviet anti-ship missiles exposed a weakness in contemporary naval radar .	naval
Italy 's Teo Fabi , driving for Forsythe Racing won his first pole since Denver in 1990 for the Porsche team .	driving
The film was shot in Michoacán , southwest Mexico and in Arizona .	southwest
The maintenance of this equipment has provided extensive on-the-job training to reserve-component support units .	extensive
She then readied a self-propelled barge to mine the channels .	mine
The Champion of Christ ( ) is honorary title used since 15th century and granted by pope to men who led military campaigns against Ottoman Empire .	15th
The Toronto area saw the creation of a nascent military industrial complex around the design of jet aircraft .	creation
He became a faculty member of Baylor College of Medicine in 1993 .	faculty
He keyed Rice 's drive to the 1949 Southwest Conference crown , including a 17 – 15 win over Texas in a showdown in Austin , Texas .	drive
He also suffered blunt force injuries to his head , chest and legs , which were caused by being stomped on after being shot .	injuries
The music files can be played back , printed , exported as graphics and used to generate MIDI files and text tab .	printed
After hiring engineers to prep the ranch for development , Lee County Land and Title Company began to sell plots in the new community of Leeland Heights .	sell
Nawrahta appointed Pana Khaek as the new governor of Nan .	governor
The word in English use dates back to the mid 19th Century .	dates
They finished the season 4 – 7 , 2 – 6 in MVFC play to finish in a three-way tie for eighth place .	eighth
It is said that Samprati , also known as ‘ Jain Ashoka ’ , built thousands of Jain temples in India .	thousands
Relic Dances is an album by Moravian folk metal band Silent Stream Of Godless Elegy ( Czech Republic ) , originally released in 2005 by Redblack .	folk
DeHavilland celebrated her 100th birthday on July 1 , 2016 .	celebrated
On 13 December 2009 he celebrated with his team mates when Banfield won the Argentine championship for the first time in the history of the club .	celebrated
It contains a number of antique stores , as well as several restaurants .	stores
The current bridge that carries SR 224 over the Yakima River was constructed in 1993 , replacing the original bridge on the highway .	replacing
The first battle of the Chad-Sudan conflict took place on December 26 when Chadian troops crossed the border with Sudan while pursuing the RDL .	conflict
Camp Howze can mean either of two US Army bases :	mean
Dithering helps to reduce color banding and flatness .	reduce
These parks provide ample hiking , mountain biking , and horse back riding opportunities .	horse
The bat flies fairly rapidly on occasion , but the usual foraging flight is slow and buoyant , and more nearly silent that of most bats .	rapidly
The Manchester Monarchs were the Eastern Conference regular season champions .	champions
She also spent time as a singer in the folk band Peter and the Wolf .	folk
Additionally , Action Man had to complete ten deadly missions that Dr. X had set out for him , hence the title of the story arc .	missions
On 17 December , it embarked on a ship , landing at Glasgow , Scotland on 31 December .	landing
He heavily inspired her work with pastels and she was deeply moved by his dedication to the craft .	heavily
Hu Di opposed Zhang 's move .	opposed
Construction of coastal batteries was authorized by Congress under the $ 50 million Harbor Fortification Defense Act of 1898 .	coastal
Shively grew to include residential areas .	residential
A three-judge panel upheld the decision 2-1 in Perry v. Brown , but on a narrower constitutional reasoning that did not address expert testimony .	address
He primarily played as an attacking midfielder and was known for set-piece ability and technique .	technique
" She is so radiantly confident that the marquee outside glows brighter for having her in the neighborhood . "	neighborhood
He was affiliated with the Whig Party .	affiliated
Still in possession of the ball , the quarterback will then attempt to complete a pass play .	ball
For rock the test is generally restricted to rock with ( very ) low shear strength .	strength
At the same time , fences will often take advantage of thieves by deceiving them about the value of an individual item and the relevant market conditions .	advantage
Wang Yao ( Liao Fan ) is a criminal .	criminal
While in prison , Raymond was visited by Lucifer , who had possessed the body of Rafe Michel , a criminal .	criminal
The company hired George Halas and Edward " Dutch " Sternaman in 1920 to run the team .	hired
Treganza , with his family amassed a collection of 30,000 bird eggs from around the world that have since been portioned out into various museums .	bird
Sheridan Park is a neighborhood bounded by Lawrence Avenue on the north , Clark on the west , Montrose on the south and Broadway on the east .	neighborhood
Maybe it was some kind of relief .	kind
As of May 2016 , Revox announced the re-introduction of a reel-to-reel tape player , to be released in the first quarter of 2017 .	quarter
Harry is forced to deal with the abolishment of hangings , and the pub is filled with people who have various motives concerning Harry 's profession .	filled
Other actors in Stroheim 's Stock Company included Sidney Bracey , Mae Busch , George Fawcett , Maude George , Hughie Mack and George Nichols .	actors
In 1977 , Wilkinson had provided Jernigan with start-up money for Jernigan Export Timber , Inc . , a company that manufactured and exported wood veneers internationally .	wood
Cape St. Claire 's Michael Harris , appealed the decision to county recreation officials under Callahans supervision .	officials
Recent strategic thought points ever more clearly towards the conclusion that the critical strategic question is not the conventional " What ?	question
Much of Amber 's current buildings were started or expanded during the reign of Raja Man Singh I in the 1600s .	reign
The squadron redeployed to Bergstrom Air Force Base in August .	squadron
In 1496 , he painted for the tribune of the Pietrasanta Cathedral .	painted
The cemetery also contains at least eleven American Revolutionary War veterans and forty Civil War veterans , including several who were killed in action during that war .	eleven
Nathan took the lateral and ran 23 yards for a touchdown .	touchdown
Its central theme is the symbolic representation of the psychic totality through the concept of the Self , whose traditional historical equivalent is the figure of Christ .	equivalent
This species has large vacuoles in the erythroctic stages .	stages
Cane and Alves bring to light Gilman ’ s goals .	bring
Her life got more complicated when her supposedly dead brother reappeared looking for revenge of his own .	looking
Students are provided with training in the computer skills used most frequently in the business world .	skills
In 1990 , EDI opened an office in the UK , moved into Germany in 1993 and Spain in 1995 reporting box office data for those markets .	markets
Other churches in the area include the Seventh Day Adventist Church and St. Clement-St.Michael 's Roman Catholic Church .	churches
Principal photography began in Liverpool in March 2015 with Martins Bank Building , Croxteth Hall , the Adelphi Hotel being amongst some of the locations utilised .	locations
The WWKM call letters were grabbed by WHYT , 88.1 / 89.1 Imlay City , in 2002 when it became available .	letters
An adult case of mumps had left Stimson infertile and they had no children .	adult
Regulating prostitution was the government 's attempt to control the high level of venereal disease in its armed forces .	armed
For Miss Val , it 's not about the X 's and O 's , it 's about choreographing your life and owning the choices you make .	your
It is completely the opposite . "	opposite
He ordered the SDECE to begin these efforts in January 1962 .	begin
The dense woods continue for another mile before PA 864 enters the borough of Picture Rocks , where it gains the moniker Laurel Run Road through downtown .	downtown
This was Bayern 's 10th final , their first European Cup title in 12 years , and their fifth overall .	10th
There is a private boat ramp off of Walton Blvd .	boat
She started snowboarding when she was 7 years old , began competing in 1999 , and became a member of the US Snowboard team in 2000 .	competing
When Fidler created the Architect 's Department , he was able to enforce three policies that would change the quality of housing design .	policies
It is a subsidiary of ITV Studios and is one of the largest providers of factual entertainment in the United Kingdom .	entertainment
Around the same time , a Derry teenager publicly apologised for having sold drugs after he was threatened by the group .	threatened
Hora described it as " a scientific method of healing and education based on metaphysical concepts of man and the universe . "	scientific
It was sold anonymously on 15 December 1937 and later formed part of the collections of Robert Lebel and Madame Gas .	collections
When Decaeneus was dead , Comosicus took his place , and after Comosicus , Scoryllus ruled the Goths-Getae in Dacia .	ruled
Later the AA class of U.S. Steel-owned freighters was roughly the same size as the " Bradley " but shorter in length by just inches .	roughly
After a short hand-to-hand combat the Ottoman garrison locked itself in the Jajce Fortress .	combat
Additional mechanisms include ( geometric ) dynamic recrystallization and strain induced boundary migration .	boundary
In recent years some traditions have given way to less strict practices , though many customs and traditions continue to be followed .	practices
Below are lists of castles in Europe , organized by country :	lists
In 2006 she was awarded the Lettre Ulysses Award for the art of reportage ( 3rd prize ) and was named a Nieman Fellow by Harvard University .	prize
In December 2018 , he was called up for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup squad .	squad
This powerful provocation helped ignite the flame of fury that led to the First Crusade .	powerful
He moved to Felicity , Ohio , in 1838 , where he was a lawyer and a school teacher .	lawyer
The Sinclairs ' testimony against the Knights at their 1309 trial is not consistent with any alleged support or membership .	membership
In 2007 CHA went to court against the Oklahoma Secondary Schools Athletic Association , heard in the United States Court of Appeals , Tenth Circuit .	heard
Rookie Starlin Castro debuted in early May ( 2010 ) as the starting shortstop .	debuted
The region has been inhabited since prehistoric times and is a key area for the understanding of both Atlantic European , Megalithic and Castro cultures .	understanding
Seasonal influenza epidemics are a major public health concern , causing tens of millions of respiratory illnesses and 250,000 to 500,000 deaths worldwide each year .	causing
He appeared in the West End production of " An Ideal Husband " in November 2010 , opposite his wife Samantha Bond .	opposite
After nearly five years out of football , Noel-Williams came out of retirement to sign for Southern Football League side Daventry Town in February 2015 .	sign
Access is by private boat only .	boat
In 1949 , he began to use lyophilized ( freeze-dried ) cells , not only fresh ones .	ones
Visala sent expeditions against Udayasimha , but failed to achieve any major success .	achieve
It is also home to a large number of breeding birds and is an important site for the green hairstreak butterfly .	birds
Anund demanded one hundred marks of silver , which was granted .	hundred
Bovell has been in 10 World Championship finals since his first in 2001 .	finals
The " South Dakota " class was a group of four fast battleships built by the United States Navy .	fast
The fall of the base would result in government forces having only one land route to resupply their forces in Aleppo , via the port of Lattakia .	port
Theodore Moses Tobani ( 2 May 1855 − 12 December 1933 ) was a composer of popular music .	composer
From the early 1900s to the 1930s , the area became home to many Italian-Americans , who still comprise a significant percentage of its population .	1930s
The inscription is written in Jeli Thuluth style of Islamic calligraphy by Sultan Ahmet III himself , who was also a poet and calligrapher .	poet
The company has global leadership in several oral and sterile cephalosporin drugs , and has cGMP facilities along with those approved by the European Union and Japan .	global
On Tuesday evening , protesters held a " white line picket " in The Shambles area of Armagh .	evening
The league released a list of all players available for the draft on December 9 , 2013 .	draft
" The Independent " reported that two teenage Protestants at an Eleventh Night bonfire were shot and wounded by republicans .	wounded
In order to find support for their choice , these men have created and joined many support networks .	choice
The only one of the city 's newspapers to support him was the " Toronto Daily Star " .	newspapers
It has about 1200 inhabitants and is administered by the municipality of Hinte .	inhabitants
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
The tower was 6 metres square with stone walls nearly 1 metre wide .	walls
It led to a 100 m channel which in turn led into a dam which had a storage capacity of 25 million litres .	storage
The Syrian Penal Code is the current statutory criminal code of Syria .	criminal
The consuls again engaged Spartacus somewhere in the Picenum region , and once again were defeated .	engaged
The Arlington Coalition on Transportation ( ACT ) is a citizens group formed to oppose the construction of Interstate 66 through Arlington , Virginia .	citizens
Another question could be as to why have we adopted oblation into the fire ?	question
This reorganization would facilitate mobilization of elements of wings in various combinations when needed .	wings
The game was followed by several sequels and , all of them using the original title and setting of " Sengoku Basara " only .	setting
Aside from the enigmatic sign-painter , the only others engaged in work in the scene are the tailors in an attic .	engaged
In the second leg the Vale Park fixture was goalless , Lincoln doing little to trouble Vale .	doing
Settlers were permitted to take up land only within the 19 counties due to the dangers in the wilderness .	counties
The news came alongside media reports of Parton in a car accident .	accident
Bethany seeks Angel 's help and they discuss her lack of control over her telekinetic powers .	powers
He then became a senior lecturer at the University of Aberdeen , then a professor of medicine at the University of Adelaide .	medicine
Water from Great East Lake flows out its dam and through the Newichawannock Canal into Horn Pond , then into the Salmon Falls River below Horn Pond .	flows
Other products grown earlier are minuscule .	grown
In 1930 , in northern Cyrenaica , 20,000 Bedouins were relocated and their land was given to Italian settlers .	relocated
Galvatron proved treacherous and awakened Primus who possessed the body of Emirate Xaaron and brought all the Transformers to Cybertron before Unicron destroyed him .	proved
The best time for whitewater in Portugal is in Spring during the higher river flow .	flow
Ravella Venkatarama Rao ( 30 January 1927 – 10 December 2013 ) was a Telugu-language writer and poet .	poet
In 1889 , Phi Kappa was founded by a group of Catholic students at Brown University who were refused entrance to other fraternities because of their faith .	entrance
Of the old city , six Orthodox churches ( one in a very ruined state ) , a bridge and a monastery survive .	churches
Boothe Lake was named in honor of Clyde Boothe , a park ranger .	honor
The mountain range reaches the opposite extremity in the Matikwa Nature Reserve , some due east .	opposite
All of the clades that were strongly supported in the previous study were recovered with even stronger statistical support .	strongly
Hill to pursue the Federals east along the railroad , resulting in the Battle of Bristoe Station later that afternoon .	railroad
The couple moved to Tharrawaddy ( Thayawadi ) , a small town in present-day Bago Region , where Sit had been made governor .	governor
Two years later , he received the 2008 Dr. B. C. Roy Award , the highest Indian award in the medical category .	category
The force met heavy resistance about 4 o 'clock in the afternoon on 2 November .	resistance
The Highland Railway F class 4-4-0s were a class of British steam locomotives introduced in 1874 .	steam
The patient with tremor should be asked to copy rhythmical movements with one hand or foot .	foot
He crossed the Marañón over a bridge of wooden rafts that he ordered to be built probably near Balsas District near Celendín .	wooden
The designers used game triggers to make special game events occur .	occur
Recrystallization is defined as the process in which grains of a crystal structure come in a new structure or new crystal shape .	shape
Morello 's effect is to imitate 70 's classic rock synthesizer sounds .	classic
He attended NYU jazz performance program with concentration in Piano , where he jammed in his dorm room with Bosco Mann .	jazz
Marginal land such as the Breckland of Norfolk and Suffolk , never thickly populated , was abandoned .	abandoned
For his dedication for the good of the city and its citizens he was appointed honorary citizen of Aachen in 2004 .	citizens
The investigation opened in London on 14 July 1307 .	investigation
Callum sees them talking and assumes the worst . "	sees
Oct. 13 , 2010 : Sanford Health researches win a $ 7 million grant to help address health disparities among American Indians .	address
On July 7 , 2014 , he appeared as a cast member on " Non-Summit " , representing his home country of China .	representing
It has been marked by an ornate chapel since 1902 .	chapel
Thayumanavar 's key teaching is to discipline the mind , control desires and meditate peacefully .	mind
UGLE alludes to similarities to legal practice in the UK , and to a common source with other oath taking processes .	processes
Perito Moreno is a town in the northwest of Santa Cruz Province , Argentina , 25 km east of Lake Buenos Aires .	northwest
In February 2014 he moved clubs and countries again , joining Bulgaria 's PFC Levski Sofia until June 2015 .	joining
He befriends young Andy Rusch , the only person in Serenity who can understand his speech .	speech
During the chorus , the group also praised female icons Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey .	praised
He was set for a move to English Football Conference side Nuneaton Borough in 2001 , but was denied a work permit .	denied
These have included the use of samples from serious sources such as NASA transmissions to comedic clips from films like Woody Allen 's " Sleeper " .	serious
The target used was a three-quarter length silhouette , 4 inches high and 1.5 wide .	target
The February 1974 Dissolution Honours List was issued on 2 April 1974 following the dissolution of the United Kingdom parliament in preparation for a general election .	parliament
Five years later , he earned his " Habilitation " degree at the University of Göttingen , qualifying him to work as a university professor .	qualifying
Ultra Magnus also appeared in the " Transformers : Prime " comic mini-series , " Rage of the Dinobots " .	comic
His mother , Marie Agnes , was the youngest daughter of Count Robert Zedlitz-Trützschler , a Prussian Minister of Education .	youngest
× " lipsiensis " ' Pallida ' is the best-known result of this cross .	cross
Gijsbert Karel van Hogendorp was married to Hester Clifford ( 1766 – 1826 ) , the daughter of an extremely wealthy merchant family from Amsterdam .	extremely
On 24 October 2013 , Maribor defeated Zulte Waregem 3 – 1 in Belgium , securing their first ever away victory in the Europa League group stages .	stages
Henson 's daughter , Lisa Henson , said , " The buildings are a lovable hodge-podge of quirky , unusual spaces .	unusual
Sovereign and O. E. Sovereign in Bay City , Michigan after W. J. observed the success of the Brooks Boat Mfg .	observed
He was also a translator , he published " Rapsodias Clásicas " a Spanish translation of works by Virgil and Horace .	translation
The forewings are white , with scattered minute brown-tipped pale ocherous scales .	minute
Lovie Smith , hired on January 15 , 2004 , is the third post-Ditka head coach .	hired
Taken suddenly ill with dysentery , the ex-emir Ibrahim II died on 23 October 902 in a chapel near the siege camp of Cosenza .	chapel
In 1960 , Representative Peter Frelinghuysen , Jr . , whose estate was in the area targeted for development also joined the effort .	effort
Surveys have not yet located them , although debris associated with the miners ' boats has been found .	boats
The AN / FPS-6B was modified to an AN / FPS-90 in 1964 .	modified
Ned is caught but escapes and vows revenge on Jude , who pushed him out of the getaway car .	caught
A race can consist of up to 30 starters and the qualifying mode is dependent on the number of entries .	qualifying
The church is Classical in style , with a stuccoed exterior and a large pediment above the entrance .	entrance
Sean Conway ( born July 24 , 1951 ) is a former provincial politician in Ontario , Canada and a university professor .	provincial
NIN ( ) is a weekly newsmagazine published in Belgrade , Serbia .	weekly
In 1996 , the Russian Ministry of Culture acquired the estate , but did not find itself in a position to maintain it .	maintain
Many of the businesses cater to tourists .	businesses
This piece is in two movements , each one of them lasting for ten minutes approximately .	piece
Membership is required to register and participate in the association .	participate
It moved to an online message board which is now the leading Rangers fansite .	message
The concepts used are familiar to chemists and provide ready insight into the chemical restraints acting on the structure .	chemical
Wright was discovered by World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) in mid-1994 when WCW toured through Germany .	toured
The first draft of the screenplay was written by Joe Eszterhas , who had his name removed from the project following Figgis 's rewrite .	draft
Before the United States entered World War II , Hispanic Americans were already fighting on European soil in the Spanish Civil War .	soil
Many readers have asked about the fate of the girl .	girl
He signed legislation expanding the State Hospital system from one campus to three .	legislation
On 21 October 2011 , it was confirmed by Notts County that Orenuga had joined on a month-long loan deal .	loan
As the title suggestions , the short story may be considered in two parts - the ball and the flogging .	ball
It was only because I had struggled ... with Poteat and my fellow students that I could later see the same pattern in [ other works ] .	pattern
Its annual Design 100 issue was their largest selling single issue .	selling
A fresco of conflicting political machines , provincial corruption , petty ambitions , and incoherent demagogy , it was an instant hit with the public .	provincial
In this method , each pair of superficial gas and liquid velocity relates to a distinctive value of formula _ 4 .	pair
The most important secret was that President Kennedy was dead .	secret
On 11 February 2007 , Barrowman co-presented coverage of the BAFTA Film Awards , along with Ruby Wax for E !	coverage
Young , who had a grievance against Heaver , shot himself and died within the hour .	hour
The figure illustrates a boundary of energy γ per unit area where it intersects with an incoherent particle of radius " r " .	boundary
These instruments employing electromagnetic focusing allowed him to identify 212 naturally occurring isotopes .	instruments
His portraits were influenced by Anthony van Dyck and Charles Errard , among others .	influenced
It began with 29 boys , but by 1935 , it had expanded to accommodate about 200 pupils .	boys
Proximity of the mountain ranges of Alps , Carpathians , Rhodopes , as well as Adriatic Sea and Pannonian plain affect the climate .	climate
The decay process follows this pattern :	pattern
On September 20 , 1931 , Karamyshevsky District was abolished and merged into Pskovsky District .	merged
Currently travelers wishing to travel between the two communities take the freeway to Sprague , then head southeast along SR 23 .	southeast
Software compatibility can refer to the compatibility that a particular software has running on a particular CPU architecture such as Intel or PowerPC .	architecture
The degrees offered are Associate of Arts ( A.A. ) , Associate of Science ( A.S. ) , Associate of Applied Science ( A.A.S .	degrees
Sancoins is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
After retiring , he served as a special trial court judge .	judge
In 1912 , Waterman entered the University of California as a student of mechanical engineering .	engineering
The new , red-brick , Gothic revival structure has a base of granite and is trimmed with stone of a color lighter than the brick .	brick
Marx distinguishes between " simple reproduction " and " expanded ( or enlarged ) reproduction " .	simple
She removes the ring that protects him and leaves on the floor bleeding .	ring
When surname became compulsory in 1934 by the Surname Law , he chose the name Yontunç ( " sculptor " ) .	chose
Stahlman was the publisher of a competing newspaper , the " Nashville Banner " .	competing
The film was directed by Charles Brabin and starred Lili Damita and Don Alvarado .	starred
The project was delayed by an uncertain economy after the September 11 attacks .	economy
without ever setting up another office again .	setting
The concept of neuro-industrial engineering was conceived by Qingguo Ma .	engineering
Linking Interests of Families and Teachers is a community-based intervention program designed to decrease rates of juvenile delinquency in at-risk youth .	rates
The Kali-Santarana Upanishad ( Sanskrit : कलिसन्तरणोपनिषद् , IAST : Kali-Saṇṭāraṇa Upaniṣad ) , also called , is a Sanskrit text attached to the Kṛṣṇa Yajurveda .	attached
Males had a median income of $ 25,368 versus $ 20,660 for females .	versus
At one point the family lost its position but Santo DiMera rebuilt the family , through both legitimate and illegitimate means .	rebuilt
However , the Colombian Navy did perform neutrality patrols into the Caribbean Sea after the began attacking shipping off its shores .	perform
Two-thirds of the men that followed British Captain Philip Broke in the boarding party were wounded or killed .	wounded
It is used to represent universal quantification in predicate logic .	represent
Ashamed of his behavior , Ka-Kui resigns from the Royal Hong Kong Police Force .	behavior
The acronym TRAM may stand for :	stand
The Hollow Men are an English sketch comedy group consisting of David Armand , Nick Tanner , Rupert Russell , and Sam Spedding .	consisting
In the hall a C17 carved overmantel from Crutched Friars .	hall
If you miss a program , look for our Shopper podcasts on iTunes and Google Play .	look
Brown was Providence 's top architect at the time .	architect
On 12 December 1915 , while passing through the Straits of Gibraltar , she collided with and sank a Greek steamer .	passing
In 2008 , she presented two series of UTV 's topical debate show " Late and Live " .	debate
Parmele went on to attend the University of Toledo .	attend
Glycolysis requires the coenzyme NAD , and reduces it to NADH .	requires
The song 's back up vocals were performed by Cissy Houston and the Sweet Inspirations .	vocals
The rate of encounters with stars that interact strongly with the binary , i.e .	strongly
It marks the very first collaboration between Nickelodeon and Netflix .	collaboration
In the north , California quail , along with possibly other quail species , and chipmunks seemed to be the favorite prey .	possibly
It is a compilation of hit singles released in 1958 and 1959 by Presley , from recording sessions going back as far as February 1957 .	compilation
I think it 's up to them . "	think
During Ottoman rule in Palestine , stamps issued by the Ottoman authorities were valid in Palestine .	authorities
The Beaux-Arts Mediterranean Revival City Hall building was designed by San Francisco architects Bakewell and Brown in the style of 16th-century Italian architect Andrea Palladio .	architect
The design job was given to General Electric engineer Ernst F. Alexanderson who developed the 2 kW Alexanderson alternator .	engineer
He was sentenced to four years and three months in prison .	sentenced
He moved into producer Giorgio Gomelsky 's loft and became part of a group of musicians that would become the first version of Material .	musicians
He sent the tank company ahead first , which initially reported no Egyptian units .	ahead
It is a fat-tailed sheep and also a hair sheep , removing the need for shearing and crutching .	hair
His recordings on the King subsidiary Federal Records included " Mary , Little Mary " and " Midnight Ramblin ' Tonight " .	recordings
In at least one instance , one could find a women 's social club housed directly above an A.B.C .	instance
The Panama Canal uses AIS type 8 messages to provide information about rain along the canal and wind in the locks .	wind
As of the census of 2000 , there were 6,699 people , 2,629 households , and 1,664 families residing in the city .	residing
On August 23 , Hamels threw a complete game against the Cincinnati Reds , only allowing one run .	allowing
It was at this time he began to feel an interest in music .	feel
When defeated , Koopas may flee from or retreat inside their shells , which can usually be used as weapons .	weapons
Iowa State appealed the decision , but their appeal was denied .	denied
In 2013 Divakaruni wrote a chamber opera for the Houston Grand Opera titled " River of Light " about the life of an Indian woman in Houston .	opera
In the first round , they were drawn against the Spanish side Atlético Madrid .	drawn
They last played in the National Premier Soccer League in the fourth tier of American soccer .	soccer
The pair penned two screenplays together and sold them both .	pair
The community of scholars in Kumemura , on Okinawa , also included a number of skilled artists and craftsmen .	scholars
During the last renovation in 1991 , the loggia was restored to its appearance before the postwar modernisation .	restored
There was also an increase in racial harassment on local council housing estates , which was largely ignored by the housing department .	racial
Practically from the start there was controversy about a permanent site for the University .	permanent
Toshima is run by a city assembly of 36 elected members .	assembly
Players are drawn from Maghera and some surrounding townlands .	drawn
The other case was an Onslow County resident who had recently traveled to Texas .	traveled
Balanced trade is an alternative economic model to free trade .	alternative
He also criticises the Dalmatae , a nation of pastoralists , for turning fertile plains into sheep pasture .	nation
Power and torque are up slightly from the LLT .	slightly
From 1959 to 1961 he was a deputy member of the Labour Party 's central committee .	deputy
Lady Bunbury resisted the motion , and it was not until 14 May 1776 that the decree of divorce was issued .	motion
It had a tapered cylinder with SPI and lighter piston similar to the Tee Dee , a stronger balanced crankshaft and a new reed valve shape .	shape
Four teams currently participate in the All-Ireland semi-finals .	participate
We were trying to come up with album titles , and everyone was laughing at the suggestions .	trying
The CSO system will be able to produce at least 280 images a day on average .	images
On January 23 , 2006 , he was elected as the representative of Edmonton Centre .	representative
in 1783 , the date indicated in the clay inset found at the top of the tower .	indicated
Loaded only by a moment , the peak bending stresses occurs at the outside fibers of a cross-section .	peak
In fact it is for him possible to use different methods from other disciplines in various combinations .	methods
A very important representative was John Amos Comenius , who has spent there three most beautiful years of his life - as he said himself .	representative
He also became an important contact for Wilhelm Höttl during his work on behalf of the SS in Budapest .	contact
Most blocks are split into two floors .	blocks
The citizens of Arlington were concerned about the impacts of this project through their county , especially with regard to air quality , noise and community disruption .	citizens
" God is dead " is a widely quoted statement by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche .	statement
McFarland completed his coursework and qualifying exams for a doctorate from the Drucker School of the Claremont Graduate School in 1992 .	qualifying
Alaska Public Media is a non-profit organization with member television and radio stations that are part of PBS , NPR and other public broadcasting networks .	broadcasting
Males had a median income of $ 30,467 versus $ 23,490 for females .	versus
She played the youngest sister of Kenan Imirzalioglu ( Mahir Kara ) in the " Karadayi " series .	youngest
The genus name from Greek " kentron " , a spike and " pous " for foot describe this hallux claw .	foot
Late in April the squadron participated in a practice mission to Turner Air Force Base .	squadron
The ceremony was held at the end of the completed line , which at that time was between the two channels of Aramac .	ceremony
After spending over a year porting " Darwinia + " to the Xbox 360 , the game was not successful at launch .	launch
Fenitrothion is a kind of organophosphate and it can affect the development of reproductive system of male rats .	kind
This award recognizes her commitment to early childhood development .	childhood
Marsh saw important evolutionary implications of this find , along with Benjamin Mudge 's find of the toothed bird " Ichthyornis " .	bird
In 2004 , he was victimized by a con artist who acquired Pihos ' lifetime collection of sports memorabilia in exchange for $ 30,000 in bogus checks .	exchange
In 2013 , the National Commission gained administrative and financial autonomy and so the fifth commission was formed .	commission
This is only a brief description of the numbers of each member .	brief
Thailand has an diverse and robust informal labor sector — in 2012 , it was estimated that informal workers comprised 62.6 % of the Thai workforce .	sector
She filed suit in Virginia in an attempt to attach FEF assets there .	filed
The climate in North Bay is common to most places in Northern Ontario .	climate
Opponents argue that they are widespread , intense and long-lasting .	widespread
His next government appointment was as the clerk for the United States district court which included Spokane County and Missoula County .	appointment
Melissa is reunited with her parents at the hotel , but Walter innocently reveals to Hartman his daughter 's recent adventures and whereabouts .	hotel
Starring Natalie Dormer and Taylor Kinney , it follows a young woman who travels to Aokigahara ( the suicide forest ) to find her sister .	suicide
Jordan 's death was reported in Texas newspapers as a major story .	newspapers
The Dumbbell Nebula appears to be shaped like a prolate spheroid and is viewed from our perspective along the plane of its equator .	plane
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and moist savanna .	tropical
The new constituent assembly included 166 deputies , 153 deputies and 128 deputies , giving the tripartite alliance an absolute majority .	assembly
In 2012 , 278 Afghan nationals were arrested by intelligence agencies for possessing fake Pakistani CNICs .	intelligence
Route 510 is the most frequent service , offering links to Harlow , Sawbridgeworth , Bishops Stortford and Stansted Airport 24-hours a day , including Christmas Day .	offering
To promote the album , the band began a UK tour with dub artist Mad Professor .	promote
Andrew Osenga is an American singer / songwriter and progressive rock musician .	musician
On August 24 , 2015 , Wayne signed a one-year contract with the New England Patriots worth up to $ 3 million .	worth
By 1994 the entire GPSS had been let under fixed priced contracts .	fixed
The roots get up to 800 mm long and covered in fine root hairs .	fine
The base was established by the military dictatorship governing Argentina to reinforce its territorial claims on British-held territory in the South Atlantic .	claims
It has 284 rooms and of meeting space .	rooms
The theatre is served by a restaurant called the Stages that is open all day until the end of the last performance .	restaurant
Its global headquarters are in London , UK .	global
Sensing an opportunity , White joined , despite taking a pay cut .	opportunity
Caesium bromide or cesium bromide is an ionic compound of caesium and bromine with the chemical formula CsBr .	chemical
Robinson said that street protests were " no longer effective " and " acknowledged the dangers of far-right extremism " .	effective
Chaudhuri 's work resulted in a SIGGRAPH publication in 2011 .	publication
The Nokota Horse Conservancy helps to preserve this breed of horse .	horse
During the 2006 – 07 season , Creighton ranked 13th in all of NCAA Division I basketball in average home game attendance , averaging 15,909 per game .	13th
The base station on subscriber premises is what differentiates a cordless telephone from a mobile telephone .	mobile
89 men were killed in action , 135 died of disease , and the remainder died of accident or injury .	accident
The site 's critical consensus read , " This highly derivative superhero coming-of-age flick is moderately entertaining , family-friendly fluff . "	read
As of 2011 he was an assistant soccer coach at Brentwood Christian School , a private academy in Austin .	soccer
Anguiano is an important artist of the 20th century , known nationally and best known internationally for his oil paintings depicting the indigenous peoples of Mexico .	paintings
Though the Duke left in 1800 , the city 's prosperity continued to grow throughout the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812 .	grow
It features a strut-braced high-wing , a single-seat , open cockpit , tricycle landing gear and a single engine in pusher configuration .	landing
Presidential and parliamentary elections took place as scheduled on 14 December 1989 .	scheduled
Hill further developed her artistic work while completing her Masters of Fine Arts degree at California Institute of the Arts .	artistic
Culottes are used in school uniforms for girls .	girls
For example , to find the node in the fifth position ( Node 5 ) , traverse a link of width 1 at the top level .	link
In these years , he accused the foreign rival in Naples , Domenico Fontana , of selecting a poor site for construction the Royal Palace .	accused
They are marked on the first three turns by a submedian row of distantly spaced cusps .	turns
The buff-spotted flameback ( " Chrysocolaptes lucidus " ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae .	bird
The project of new high-speed line called LGV PACA in 2030 could permit to increase trains on tracks with a new crossing of Marseille with a tunnel .	crossing
They get me because it sounds kind of crummy .	kind
In partnership they opened the first A Cut Above salon .	partnership
Two nights later , they scored 43.83 points in the original dance , while the following evening they scored 77.14 points in the free dance .	evening
Beginning in 1971 , ISAS launched a series of scientific satellites to observe the ionosphere and magnetosphere .	scientific
The FEF members pressed charges for destruction of property leading Fonda to miss his flight , though he was allowed to leave without posting bond .	charges
Today , its successor organization , Truven Health Analytics , is a health care information company with revenues estimated at more than $ 500 million per year .	successor
A public referendum endorsed the change and a third constitution on 1 January 1953 established a presidential system of government in the Maldives for the first time .	presidential
The person actually depicted on the card was a New York University law student named Sensen Lin .	card
In 1660 , he ordered the building of a fortified village at Bergen to protect the area .	protect
Between 2001 and 2005 , the Chiefs struggled to find an identity .	identity
Kaniz Ali ( born July 1985 ) is a Bangladeshi-born British makeup artist and freelance beauty columnist .	makeup
Each individual program included unique interactions with the audience , public workshops , lectures , and special programs for kids .	audience
Entrance to the arena is free and there is a souvenir shop onsite .	shop
This lake , in conjunction with Reed Lake and Chaplin Lake , forms a site of hemispheric importance in the Western Hemisphere Shorebird Reserve Network .	importance
Cantley described Thorpe as " a national figure with a very distinguished public record " .	distinguished
While returning home from one of their shopping errands together they both run into Athena 's nosy gay next door neighbor Chow Chow ( Eason Chan ) .	door
When the concentration ( or pressure ) of substance in the bulk phase is lowered , some of the sorbed substance changes to the bulk state .	phase
Hawthorne is chartered as a commission – manager form of government .	commission
The Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet also advises that the flag should only be flown during daylight hours , unless it is illuminated .	flag
Two notable examples of an American Sportsman are president George Herbert Walker Bush and Bob Hope .	examples
Most are still in their dinner clothes , in contrast to Scott 's group , whose clothes are reduced to rags and streaked with oil .	contrast
" La Française " was intended to take a broad position linking the different republican feminist movements .	broad
She opened people 's eyes to what good Chinese could taste like . "	eyes
There has been speculation about possible future claims .	claims
What is now known as the predecessor to Norton Healthcare originally started with the actions of the Home Mission Society of St. Paul 's Episcopal Church .	actions
On 18 June 2015 , Igor Tudor become PAOK 's manager after signing a three-year contract .	signing
He was also Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland on five occasions .	occasions
He planned the medical details of the first American purpose-built hospital ship and was the first army surgeon in Alaska .	details
But rest of Padinjare Kovilakam princes evaded British capture and kept a large part of Southern Malabar in state of chronic disturbance .	capture
Tafahi island in the far north provided volcanic glass to initial human settlers .	glass
Thus , a boarder in , say , the Clark House boarding establishment might these days find himself in Nicholson 's day House .	establishment
There are mentions of a church on the site possibly from as early as the 7th century .	possibly
The season began on 19 August 2016 and concluded on 21 May 2017 .	concluded
He noted that for him , the episode was based on the idea that you have to have empathy for your partner .	your
The project started around the same time as the suicide of independent film producer Humbert Balsan , which also had made an impression on Amalric .	suicide
His offensive struggles continued , batting .118 at the big league level through August , and he spent several more months in Triple-A Iowa .	offensive
Its mouth is in the Lackawanna Valley .	mouth
After the violent incidents surrounding the 2017 Unite the Right rally , Cotton issued a statement condemning white supremacism .	statement
Thayer " has been restored and sailed back to the Hyde Street Pier on April 12 , 2007 .	restored
These ring formers replaced the previous horn discs and began the characteristic Dorset styles of the wheel buttons .	ring
Both fringe festivals provided free events and were seen as a less formal alternatives to the main festival .	formal
The station is currently owned by Quality Broadcasting Corporation and features programming from Westwood One .	programming
Machakos County is within Greater Nairobi which consists of 4 out of 47 counties in Kenya but the area generates about 60 % of the nations wealth .	counties
He samples it and gets an unexpected " high . "	gets
In 1967 it was put under cultural heritage management , and in 1986 the first archaeological digs and renovations began .	heritage
Besides some works of scholastic philosophy , ascetical works , and discourses , we have from his pen the following works :	philosophy
These are very exciting times for our sport with unprecedented growth and interest around the world .	sport
Population distribution is very uneven due to soil and terrain variations .	soil
He was House-Surgeon at Halifax Infirmary for a brief period before becoming a district medical officer in Sierra Leone between 1897-1900 .	brief
In July 2017 , Basham penned a new two-year contract with the Blades having played a key role in United 's title winning promotion from League One .	promotion
Some Russians chose to remain in France , while others returned to revolutionary Russia .	chose
The hindwings are ochreous yellow .	yellow
At the start of the 2015 season , there was much focus and speculation regarding trade possibilities surrounding Hamels .	regarding
The main rivers flowing through the Allgäu are the Lech and Iller .	rivers
She also collaborated with her husband on the design of the celebrated Savoy Vase in 1936 .	celebrated
Bordizzo portrayed Australian back-packer Bree , and joins the film stars Dev Patel , Armie Hammer , Nazanin Boniadi and Anupam Kher .	portrayed
In December 1924 he was appointed Supreme Court Justice ( the formal title was Supreme Court Assessor before 1927 ) .	formal
She finished her international career with 4 caps to her credit .	credit
Falling is usually dangerous on slab because of poor protection and the nature of the rock .	protection
Some drag kings have become popular performers in the LGBT community especially among lesbians who admired the DIY bravado of reclaiming male and female gender roles .	gender
Ackerson Mountain was named in honor of James F. Ackerson , a figure in the California Gold Rush .	honor
These displays have been studied most extensively in bird species , but also have been documented in populations of stickleback fish and in some mammal species .	bird
Polar Puffs and Cakes introduced a version of the curry puff that uses Western puff pastry , which has a different taste and shape .	shape
His first book was a study of the diplomatic crisis between the United States and Japan during the Theodore Roosevelt administration over racial issues .	racial
Around that time , he ceased contributing to " Convorbiri Literare " .	ceased
Judd – A camera man who gives Kim a ride to the Seniors ' island in the episode " " .	camera
He began conducting in order to perform his own works .	perform
( A discarded first draft of some famous line : " We hold these truths to be , like , du-uuh . " )	draft
For 27 days , the A & A offered passenger excursions in 1962 .	passenger
Spanish nationalism is the nationalism that asserts that the Spaniards are a nation , and promotes the cultural unity of the Spanish .	nation
The 2010 South American Under-20 Women 's Football Championship was the 4th instance of the South American Under-20 Women Championship .	instance
All tracks composed by Emmylou Harris and Paul Kennerley ; except where indicated	indicated
This caused a loss of jobs in the area , and social tensions rose .	rose
The " Betts v. Brady " case narrowed the interpretation and the understanding that came about from the " Powell v. Alabama " case .	understanding
Meetings with Leslie Howard , Gabriel Tacchino , Philippe Entremont and Éric Heidsieck , mark his career .	mark
In the real world it is almost never possible to isolate each of the aspects of labor .	aspects
Various fish aggregate on deep sea reefs .	deep
Typically , a car of 1920s only had two rear-mounted mechanical drum brakes , although those fitted to Dobles were of larger than usual proportions .	1920s
A related idea was later put forth as the Open Access Button for papers that have not been deposited in an Institutional Repository .	papers
The Khmu are well known for their skill at making baskets , fish traps , and other objects from bamboo .	objects
The cartoon opens with Mickey piloting a steam engine , and ringing his bell , and blowing the engine 's whistle .	steam
He learnt the game of rugby from a young age through Vigo RFC and qualifies for the national team through his fathers nationality .	rugby
The same gestures in different countries can have distinct meaning .	distinct
Lead singer Pete Murray and guitarist Neil Godfrey first began working with each other in the late 1990s for the nu metal band Ultraspank .	guitarist
Many of the rulers were minors at the time of their accession , and would act as puppets for one or another competing Mamluk faction .	competing
Municipal incorporation occurs when such municipalities become self-governing entities under the laws of the state or province in which they are located .	laws
Getting along may be messy and imperfect business , but the passengers continue to row cooperatively , and the canoe of society glides onward .	passengers
No matter which degree or certificate is earned , the program of study is the same .	matter
Small carnivore traps have been observed near chicken runs in the village of Vohiparara .	observed
The feat was recognized as unusual : a newspaper report described it as " the most wonderful game on record " .	unusual
Under the plan , community housing groups would have access to government funding for income-related rents .	funding
The first four have studied in Budapest academy in the same cultural atmosphere and with the same technique .	technique
That year , he and his brother were named Israel 's Sportsmen of the Year in a ceremony conducted by Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin .	ceremony
For example , ' ennuDaya ' ( mine ) of standard Tamil is pronounced enRa in the Kongu dialect .	mine
Conway has published widely on digital preservation issues , archival users and use of archival information .	users
Maria , who seems to be having a good time , slips out during the performance and disappears into the city .	seems
" Tianyuraptor " is a medium-sized dromaeosaurid that has several derived features that separate it from other dromaeosaurids .	derived
He transformed into a light-green semi-humanoid being seemingly composed of bog matter and became the second Glob .	matter
On his death bed , he asked his father to write it for him .	write
This has been done traditionally through literature distribution , but more recently includes websites , film , educational programmes and live events .	educational
Taxine is found in all parts of the tree , except in the aril , that is , the fleshy red covering of the seeds .	covering
Ladner 's writing and work was featured in several newspapers across the United States including National Review Online and The New Republic .	newspapers
Note : Ages , caps and domestic side are of 16 August 2014 – the starting date of the tournament .	domestic
In fact , there were a substantial number of lawsuits regarding discrimination against foreigners .	regarding
After the primetime teleserye ended , Bernardo soon began appearing in the Sunday afternoon teen show " Growing Up " .	appearing
It was established in 1994 , and in 2013 was awarded the annual Human Rights Tulip prize by the Dutch government .	prize
She 's never been to Africa and she 's never touched an ape but no sooner has she arrived than Kim Damme is faced with an emergency .	faced
It carried water at a depth of .	depth
The Board has one representative from each of the member countries and six from the Tourism Industry Members ( TIMs ) .	representative
Dasch told him he had no intention of going through with the mission , hated Nazism , and planned to report the plot to the FBI .	plot
The episode was intended to be commentary on Apartheid in South Africa , using gender role reversal .	gender
The following is an alphabetical list of medical prefixes and suffixes , along with their meanings , origins , and English examples .	examples
" Adelaide " was towed from Sydney Harbour on the morning of 11 April for the voyage north .	morning
Johnny recorded an original song for Richard M. Sherman , Academy Award winning Disney songwriter and composer of Mary Poppins , The Jungle Book etc .	composer
Each frame is divided into 2250 slots .	frame
French is , however , starting to gain more prevalence as many young people are now attending French schools compared to before .	gain
His report influenced Victoria and other states to enact ( or attempt to enact ) banning Scientology .	influenced
Similarly , on land , Japan 's German-styled conscript army , led by academy trained professional officers , handily defeated the Beiyang Army .	trained
The film features Vijay and Trisha in lead roles with Ashish Vidyarthi , Dhamu , Prakash Raj , Mayilsamy and Janaki Sabesh playing supporting roles .	supporting
Marcelo Ríos won the title , defeating Greg Rusedski 6 – 3 , 6 – 7 , 7 – 6 , 6 – 4 in the final .	defeating
As a result , some alternative origins for the Roman army 's " draco " have been proposed .	alternative
Participating in a strike in December 1920 , he was arrested , tried , and convicted to a short prison term in March 1921 .	strike
With three indoor Ball badminton courts with synthetic floor provides enhanced training .	courts
They may also handle preliminary proceedings in criminal cases .	criminal
However , it was not until the Middle to Late Preclassic that its first real florescence began with a noted surge in architectural constructions .	architectural
Dobbs was a Private in the US Army charged with guarding a Neutronalizer Ray in " Mind Games " .	charged
It was also not published on Topolino but in a specifically Barks-themed release , which was also released in Germany .	specifically
Channels just above the AM broadcast band were selected manually by the user .	user
Chris Carter from Destructoid awarded the game a 7.5 / 10 saying that " A solid game that definitely has an audience .	audience
Joey takes this very hard and admits that his role on " Days " was the best thing that ever happened to him .	happened
He exerted teaching and the scientific research at UNAM .	scientific
The period of prosperity ended during the Swedish invasion of Poland ( 1655 - 1660 ) .	invasion
An air show in 2009 drew a crowd estimated at 30,000 .	drew
The per capita income for the town was $ 15,091 .	capita
In 2005 , the remains of a building which may have been Soga no Iruka 's residence were discovered in Nara .	residence
The WMFP algorithm uses a three-stage process : function analysis , APPW transform , and result translation .	translation
No ; easier to send your crab-brained soldiers , burn my home ! " .	your
After education at Banff Academy , Ledingham attended the University of Aberdeen , graduating M.A .	graduating
He moved to North Dakota in 1900 and was admitted to the North Dakota Bar .	admitted
The Sultan of Siak , tied to an agreement with the Netherlands , could not intervene .	tied
He tied Mathew Barzal for the leading scorer from Canada at the tournament .	tied
La Porte de Pourrière , built in the 14th century , was the main gateway access into town .	14th
In one month alone more than 1000 tonnes of rations were distributed , including live goats .	distributed
Paul Lauterbach also appears to have played a role in the origin of the association of the two thinkers .	origin
In 1894 he returned briefly to the University of Aberdeen and received the higher medical qualification Doctor of Medicine .	briefly
Ionization of charged groups has been neglected in continuum electrostatic models of implicit solvation , as well as in standard molecular mechanics and molecular dynamics .	charged
The nominees and winners were : ( Winners highlighted in bold )	winners
Alice manages to break out of the Alice shell .	break
King Racing folded , leaving Canadian Scott Goodyear without a full-time ride .	full-time
Shortly after , he began taking part in the Valencian Community rallying championships .	championships
A venue also called Mean Fiddler was previously set up in Harlesden , north west London in 1982 .	venue
According to sources , Afghan immigrants could pay as much as Rs150,000 to Rs200,000 to obtain Pakistani nationality documents .	documents
Any newLISP version allows building executable files , portable applications , for deployment which are self-contained and need no installing .	applications
The match started as per the formbook with three quick tries for Mumbles in 10 minutes .	tries
After the collapse of communism in 1989 , ice hockey teams began to revive and the team was officially formed on 18 July 1990 .	hockey
He also tried to reduce the power of Nikephoros Phokas .	reduce
Residential areas border this lake on the northwest and eastern shores .	northwest
After losing the heavily democratic district in 1998 , Healey challenged Cahill again in 2000 , but was met with the same result .	heavily
Following the announcement , scores of gunmen took part in military parades in Ramadi and other Anbar towns to celebrate .	towns
Feng was eventually eliminated from political life in 1918 , when Xu Shichang , the Beiyang elder statesman , became President .	eliminated
It is part of the global outcry and protests against the hate , mistreatment , and irrational fear of transgender people .	global
ADIVIMA 's work to assist survivors falls into three main categories : Human rights , socioeconomic development , and community organization .	falls
In 1977 the Broughton factory became part of British Aerospace operations .	factory
Superimposed on these mountains and little to the east of the main range are the two stratovolcanoes , Redoubt high , and Iliamna at .	mountains
Twenty days later , Quinn was back in the saddle when Seazun was one of fourteen fillies to contest the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes at Newmarket .	contest
It is an active associate fighter squadron assigned to the 495th Fighter Group and integrated into the 158th Fighter Wing , Vermont Air National Guard .	squadron
The organization was strictly hierarchical and the hierarchy was kept secret even among members , as far as possible .	secret
Pope Joan is the subject of a medieval legend about a woman who reigned as pope .	medieval
Their wings are very small .	wings
Yet very mean , to the point of being murderous .	mean
The men , recruited as sharp shooters , protested and Governor Olden made a special request to get the best weapon available to men .	request
He also articulated the need to protect fisheries and the Amazon rain forest , and to make low-carbon emissions affordable and competitive .	protect
German naturalist Karl Kraepelin concluded that Thorell 's " I. manicatus " was the same species as " U. abruptus " and " U. novaehollandiae " .	concluded
During archaeological excavations in 2012 the remains of a skeleton pierced with an iron bar in the heart were found .	iron
At the same time , the water sought a new outlet over a fault with a drop of .	sought
The facility encompasses , including an outdoor sculpture garden .	garden
The Aurukun alcohol ban has been unable to rid the community of alcohol completely , and has spurred some black-market " sly-grogging " .	unable
Known for his work in the area of curriculum theory , Pinar is strongly associated with the reconceptualist movement in curriculum theory since the early 1970s .	strongly
Part of the former municipality formed a spit of land that juts out into the surrounding waters of the Little Belt .	waters
The crystal structures of known materials can be refined , i.e .	structures
The church was built between 1828 and 1830 by James Morgan at a cost of £ 10,268 ( equivalent to £ in ) .	equivalent
Not long after its inception the team split into two distinct groups , the Sailing Club , a more casual non-competitive faction and the Sailing Team .	distinct
From 2002 to 2006 , Mendoza worked as an adviser to deputy Rodrigo Alberto Carazo Zeledón .	deputy
Future activity at Palomo might generate lahars through the melting of ice , which could affect the valleys of the rivers draining the volcano .	rivers
Only Wade can save the people from his former gang .	save
It was Brammer who made the Vale 's intentions clear ; sending a long-range strike goal ward , only for it to be deflected wide .	strike
Drag kings are mostly female performance artists who dress in masculine drag and personify male gender stereotypes as part of an individual or group routine .	gender
Alluvial deposits of thickness of 28 meters , can amplify ground shaking during Tremors .	meters
She made her debut with the company in May 1944 as Marianne Beaunoir in Sigmund Romberg 's " The New Moon " opposite Walter Cassel .	opposite
He finished the season for the last-place Cubs and was invited back to the majors for 1981 .	invited
Mistakes can be hard to spot because :	spot
SAYA is designed to bring greater international awareness and cultural diversity to high school campuses , with students serving as cultural ambassadors in both countries .	bring
" List of weapons by the Provisional Irish Republican Army	weapons
The neighborhood is served by the Argyle stop on the CTA 's Red Line and CTA busses on Sheridan Rd.and Broadway .	neighborhood
Upon their arrival in New York , Bérard had Pierre apprenticed to one of New York 's leading hairdressers .	arrival
Gymnocalycium oenanthemum is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae , endemic to Argentina .	endemic
Examples of conditions captured using codes from Chapter X include ; flu , asthma , and respiratory failure .	failure
KentWired said “ Another song I feel like will be played on the radio a lot .	feel
The school also controlled several auxiliary airfields :	controlled
On October 2 , 2009 , the Reds relieved him of his duties , and Pole reportedly left immediately after being informed .	duties
Benjamin took charge of the publishing department until his brother 's retirement in 1856 , when he undertook the sole management .	publishing
In the past , some disagreements concerned whether certain correspondence sets were real or represent sporadic developments in particular languages .	represent
Stromatium longicorne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
Temperatures from 20 ˚ C to 40 ˚ C and relative humidity of 70 % – 80 % are favourable for successful cultivation .	relative
According to Vizzini 's own account he was carried shoulder high through Villalba on the day he took office as mayor .	mayor
It functions as a bedroom community for workers in Bishop and Mammoth Lakes , and as a home for retirees .	functions
He was wounded in a battle in Camden , South Carolina ; however , he continued to serve in the military after the Revolution .	wounded
He soon proved Hale 's judgment correct , as he made several key observational discoveries .	proved
Nutmeg is the British English name for this technique .	technique
All regiment members were contract soldiers serving in the National Guard of Ukraine .	regiment
Stewart and Gouldman went on to form Hotlegs and , much more significantly , the band 10cc .	significantly
This was due to the “ skill , knowledge and linguistic abilities of non-Christians . ”	knowledge
Spatial segregation by gender occurs outside of the mating season .	gender
TJEd parents and educators wanting an introduction to teaching through the classics can receive orientation and training to do so by completing The Five Pillar Certification .	introduction
Italian immigration to Paraguay has been one of the largest migration flows this South American country has received .	flows
In the Flea Flicker , the ball is handed-off or laterally passed to a player in what appears to be a rush play .	ball
It was teaching this class she coined her phrase “ material , mind and method ” .	mind
After 1601 the efficiency of the Navy declined gradually , while corruption grew until brought under control in an inquiry of 1618 .	declined
The " Hitopadesha " was also a favourite among the scholars of the British Raj .	scholars
Coin is an unincorporated community in Elko County , in the U.S. state of Nevada .	unincorporated
Starting in the seventh grade , Webb was told that he was too short to play basketball .	seventh
In 1945 he became the leader of his local chapter of the Labour Party , and deputy leader of his trade union " Norsk Tekstilarbeiderforbund " .	deputy
Rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis may occur .	occur
The constituency is assigned identification number 105 .	constituency
He is very popular among his students for his teaching methods .	methods
In conjunction with Pain Fitzjohn , sheriff of Herefordshire and Shropshire , he ruled the whole Welsh border " from the Severn to the sea " .	ruled
The album is a concept album Martha developed with some help from Matthew Morgan about her mother 's life and death by suicide .	suicide
While the aspect of monetary union is clear , the far-reaching effects of economic union between countries could be considered a cause for debate .	debate
Much of the rest of the country 's land is fertile soil .	soil
The account in the " Historia Britonum " calls Geat a son of a god .	calls
These statistics , combined with advances in microvascular surgery , created a renewed interest in Mustard 's original concept of an arterial switch procedure .	surgery
The 1976 series also included the introduction of Tuvalu 's first silver and gold proof bullion coins .	introduction
Porfirio Lobo Sosa , popularly known as Pepe Lobo , of the opposition conservative National Party was elected to succeed Micheletti .	opposition
In October 2017 , the proposal was revived in exchange for Governor Andrew Cuomo agreeing to complete the remaining 30 % of the incomplete Hudson River Park .	exchange
During 2009 , the French knob-twiddler has notched up a pair of No .	pair
" List of BBC Radio programmes adapted for television	adapted
These representatives will be elected by the constituents of the 87 electoral districts of Turkey by party-list proportional representation .	electoral
He added of muscle to his thin frame .	frame
Parterre practices ranged from harmless gossiping to violent rioting .	practices
Milecastle 60 is believed to lie about 450 metres northeast of Bleatarn Farm in the civil parish of Irthington .	northeast
It reopened on September 27 , 2003 after a complete rebuild ( the second in the stadium 's history ) .	stadium
On July 6 , 2017 , Carolina won the Palmetto Series for the second straight year with a score of 8 – 7 .	straight
A few hours later , Becky and Sarah discover Vladimir 's dead body crucified onto an outdoor furnace , and the crew barricade themselves inside the house .	onto
He earned All-MAC First Team honors as a wide receiver as well as All-MAC Third Team recognition as a punt and kick returner in 2012 .	recognition
However , the higher frequency often brings advantages .	frequency
GraphCrunch has been used to find an optimal network model for protein-protein interaction networks , as well as for protein structure networks .	protein
As explanation , White issued a statement .	statement
Several retail Wii titles are also compatible with the controller to allow for a more traditional control scheme .	scheme
In total the candidates of the party got 335,223 votes ( 3.51 % of the votes in the state ) .	candidates
Stations are arranged alphabetically by state and by city of license .	arranged
At this point , DE 20 turns south for a concurrency with US 13 on the four-lane divided Sussex Highway .	turns
Lanlehin 's grandfather , Chief S. O. Lanlehin , was a major chieftain in Ibadan and a founding leader of the Ibadan Peoples Party .	founding
The original holotypes were collected in the Woleu-Ntem Province , Gabon .	collected
Byrd 's four-year term of office was marked by controversy and conflict .	conflict
The work was divided into four sections .	sections
In January 2007 , Christie attempted a comeback when he signed a 10-day contract with the Los Angeles Clippers .	attempted
The simpler technique for evaluating the effect of a specific assignment to a variable is called forward checking .	technique
Joel Erickson of " The Birmingham News " was one of the few writers to pick Auburn , predicting a score of 31 – 28 .	writers
Nilla wafers and their branding have also made their way into scientific studies .	scientific
In 2007 , Flora also suffered their biggest margin of defeat in the Meistriliiga thus far , losing 0 – 6 to TVMK .	biggest
This last option is sometimes described as the " Nordic model of prostitution " .	option
He attended the Dr. B. R. Ambedkar University and attained Master of Arts & Bachelor of Laws degrees .	degrees
Early cases were associated with recent travel to Mexico ; many were students who had traveled to Mexico for Spring Break .	traveled
It is located on a hill north of the city centre , in the neighbourhood Fortinho .	hill
Each appearance or new crime prompted an evolution in Chronos ' weaponry .	crime
Negotiations for her marriage began in 1637 , and included " a young and rich Marquess of Huntly " in 1641 .	rich
Nicknamed the " Barefoot Diva " for performing without shoes , she was also known as the " Queen of Morna " .	performing
The BLM land is free for the public to use for recreational purposes , but much of it is actually unreachable .	purposes
On the June 4 episode of Impact , Rhodes gave an interview with Mike Tenay but got punked out by NWA champ Jeff Jarrett .	interview
He described Christy Mihos ' actions as " deceptive , ego-driven , impulsive and rash , and ended up being financially devastating " .	actions
All of the Jack Reacher novels have been released in audio version in MP3 format .	novels
Babilonas is a shopping and entertainment mall in Panevėžys , Lithuania ( Klaipėdos street 143a ) .	entertainment
But the determination of the NFFS resulted in the deal happening , however Estes-Cox only came through with 258 engines .	engines
Sentinel later sidelines Megatron and assumes de facto leadership as Prime of the Decepticons to oversee the final phase of the plan .	phase
Hosking owns a number of steam locomotives and three diesel locomotive , a number of which are operated by Locomotive Services Limited .	steam
It 's the best thing I do I think . "	think
But 3D structuring using these techniques is very complicated , experimentally .	techniques
When the World Football League was created in October 1973 , the Storm was the original New York franchise .	franchise
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists :	lists
The order , limited to a total membership of twenty-six , is exclusively for Catholic noblewomen .	membership
SCI divides between full member with " branches " -status and associated members with " group " -status .	branches
The actual activities of the EYP never faltered during this period .	actual
Around the base of the promontory is a maritime environment .	environment
1970 was the demographic peak for Azerbaijani Jews after World War II ; according to the census , 41,288 Jews resided in Azerbaijan that year .	peak
He is of Armenian descent .	descent
The sequence forms a spectrum .	sequence
The bat flies fairly rapidly on occasion , but the usual foraging flight is slow and buoyant , and more nearly silent that of most bats .	rapidly
Smith was acquitted of the charges .	charges
The demand for workers created many opportunities for student-workers in the City , which further hurt the ability of the labor union to attract members or leaders .	demand
scoring 5 tries in Ireland 's first three games , including braces against Italy and France .	tries
On the south-eastern boundary of the village , there is the famous hot-spring of Atri .	boundary
The average annual temperature in Guelma is .	temperature
Aviation communication is a crucial component pertaining to the successful functionality of aircraft movement both on the ground and in the air .	communication
Francisco worries that the arrest will prevent him from meeting Philippa .	prevent
The band formed in 1994 , and draws inspiration from Celtic and medieval music .	medieval
In 1979 the Australian Gromark Breed Society was formed and is committed to performance recording of the breed .	committed
Dukakis won the election in Washington with a narrow 2 point margin .	narrow
In April , summer coaching classes are conducted to help the students who fail to achieve the stipulated standard in English proficiency .	achieve
After racing in Formula BMW USA single-seaters , she gained her first oval-racing experience in Ford Focus Midgets .	racing
One of the scientists drives the truck directly into the moving mass , which violently explodes and sets fire to the blob , destroying it .	mass
In the early 1990s , Mankin used replacement therapy for Gaucher 's Disease .	replacement
Many businesses changed their names .	businesses
This is what happened on the death of Frederick VII in 1863 .	happened
Marx explains that these two aspects of commodities are at the same time separate but also connected in that one cannot be discussed without the other .	aspects
On either side rise the stony hills covered with brushwood and wild growth . "	rise
A challenge round was introduced which was played until 1911 .	challenge
Ion Luca Caragiale was interested in the politics of the Romanian Kingdom , and oscillated between the liberal current and conservatism .	interested
A Romanesque building of the 12th century , built in local stone , contains the red marble tomb of the Lords of Froidcourt .	12th
The league now briefly became the top level league in what is now the Republic of Ireland .	briefly
In 1212 the crucial Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa meant the recovery of the bulk of the peninsula for the Christian kingdoms .	meant
Bailey eventually sees Gem 's nasty side when the other people she has tried to manipulate turn against her .	sees
Machines are now available that scan aperture cards and produce a digital version .	cards
It features Tool vocalist Maynard James Keenan on vocals during the bridge section .	vocals
The pulp mill was originally established as the " Sault Ste .	mill
The developers anticipated a growing number of seasonal visitors .	visitors
Pyrford also has an amateur football club , Pyrford F.C. , who play at the Pyrford Cricket ground .	amateur
The first expedition in 1995 was conducted with a submersible .	expedition
" The World of Cricket " ( 1914 ) was edited by A.C. Maclaren and J.N .	edited
It planned to procure radar , cameras , and nets designed to capture drones .	capture
insight Namibia is a monthly journal published in Namibia .	journal
The Pilots controlled the match from the outset , dominating possession and firing off multiple shots on goal early in the match .	controlled
After greatly impressing during his five season spell with Latina , he moved to Serie C side Sassari Torres .	greatly
In the 2013-14 UEFA Champions League second qualifying round , Cadú scored his first goal for Sheriff in a 5 – 0 win against FK Sutjeska Nikšić .	qualifying
But when the fair beams of peace began once more to shine out , they were opened again .	peace
This includes special displays at the car shows , XLR seminars , XLR VIP appearances and inclusion in the vehicle parade and other activities .	vehicle
In 2017 , BIFF was scheduled to be held between December 10 and 13 in Harbour Island and December 14 - 17 in Nassau , Bahamas .	scheduled
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 ; three of the properties are also individually listed .	properties
For example , he refers to Barry Goldwater as " Barry AuHO " and Watergate as " HOGaTe " .	refers
Neither album achieved considerable sales , though " Forever " did give birth to the single " Goodnight My Love " , which reached No .	considerable
These ranks are considered the equivalent to a marshal :	equivalent
The vessels employed by the navy in the fireship role were very varied .	vessels
The forest area represents little more than 20 % of the whole .	represents
Silva spent his childhood in the city of Liberia , on the northwestern province of Guanacaste .	childhood
The farm land that was included also gave them a place to grow vegetables .	grow
As a result , most electoral districts saw an increase in their number of seats in comparison to distribution at the November 2015 general election .	electoral
Initially , it developed add-on programs to a property management software package called SKYLINE , which Vinzant had been involved in developing .	developing
She played a pivotal role in getting the Postal Dept of Govt .	getting
It includes twenty one inch wheels , large tires , and increased blackout around the wheel opening , with a satin chrome front bumper .	twenty
In 2009 , the newly formed South Korean girl group 4Minute with Kim Hyun-Ah of The Wonder Girls , recorded " Tick Tock " .	girl
Especially the criticism of politics and society played a major role for al-Ghalayini .	criticism
It has become a major destination for people looking to cool off during the summer months .	looking
The business flourished and grew , extending into areas beyond land surveying .	beyond
Each episode was triggered by Gachapin 's interest in environmental problems and his enthusiasm for space crafts .	environmental
Her works were included in the collections of the Musée d 'Orsay , the museum of Langres , and the museum of Saint-Quentin .	collections
Her two latest volumes of poetry are " Black Candle " and " Leaving Yuba City " .	poetry
A storyline was begun before the match , where Melina attempted to seduce Batista into forfeiting the match .	attempted
Martin Farber has shown : A graph is strongly chordal if and only if the bipartite incidence graph of its clique hypergraph is chordal bipartite .	strongly
After being commissioning , Reimer attended the field artillery officer orientation course at Fort Sill .	artillery
It has been reported that two main types of slavery currently exist in Yemen .	exist
Recognizing the diagnosis avoids unnecessary skin biopsies .	skin
" Merdeka 17805 " was released on 12 May 2001 in Japan and distributed by Toho .	distributed
Brent Arthur Titcomb ( born August 10 , 1940 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian actor and musician .	musician
Even today , New Zealand white wines tend toward the drier end of the spectrum .	toward
Hamels received a no-decision in Game 2 as he left the game tied , but the Rangers won in 14 innings .	tied
Town of Alamata is surrounded by Alamata woreda .	surrounded
The Legends of Coaching Award recognizes the lifetime achievement of coaches who exemplify Coach Wooden 's high standards of coaching success and personal achievement .	standards
The following are the top scorers of the Egypt Cup , sorted first by number of goals , and then alphabetically if necessary .	necessary
In addition , the government provided a $ 350 million fund to help those affected by the schools .	affected
Senator Gravel threatened a filibuster , and the provision did not pass the Senate .	threatened
The Cubs compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) Central division .	compete
it lies just north of the Paracatu River , a major tributary of the São Francisco River , southeast of where it receives the Preto River .	southeast
Lyn St. James , driving for Dick Simon , lost an engine while running in the Top 10 and Sullivan lost control in the oil .	driving
During the invasion of Guam she served as Landing Craft Control Vessel and provided gunfire support .	invasion
At Cordelia 's apartment , Fred packs up Cordy 's things because they can 't afford to keep paying the rent .	things
These new buttons had the advantage of smart modernity .	advantage
In both cases , the PSTN may be needed to carry messaging .	carry
Zahalka said : " Balad stands by its platform .	stands
Thus the Swedish troops scored a victory in spite of great losses where one of their commanders , Folke Jarl , was slain .	losses
The opening of the centre will intensify people-to-people contact through travel .	contact
Approximately 2,500 full-time learners are currently enrolled across 4 campuses .	full-time
Shapiro was also active as a pianist , orchestra conductor , and opera producer in South Korea , Hong Kong , and the United States .	opera
Craftsmen and women therefore became artisans with increasing sophistication .	increasing
One of Ravello 's trophies is an Eton trophy dated 1894 .	dated
As built they were intended for three types of operations , " Assault " or strike , convoy escort , or aircraft ferry .	strike
Other items of woodwork are " yosegi " and the making of furniture such as " tansu " .	items
Les Misérables is a sung-through musical based on the novel " Les Misérables " by French poet and novelist Victor Hugo .	poet
There are a few product features that will affect how you should use your financial products overseas .	your
Therefore , our task is to multiply matrices .	task
And that ’ s fundamental to our faith and our understanding . "	understanding
Rana is a genus of frogs commonly known as the Holarctic true frogs , pond frogs or brown frogs .	brown
INAS 311 was commissioned on 24 Mar 2009 by the , then , Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief , Eastern Naval Command , Vice Admiral Nirmal Verma , ADC .	commissioned
To its left stands the rectangular belfry topped with a pagoda-like canopy .	stands
They earned a subsistence by selling rice pearls ( " Yaarkandi " ) , a Uyghur meal that originates from Yarkand , and were always travelling .	selling
On March 15 , 2015 , Cotton defended the letter amid criticism that it undermined the president 's efforts .	criticism
" Nannites " is very small , subglobose , generally evolute and smooth , with a rounded venter , and simple goniatitic sutures .	simple
The Robinson – Macken House is a historic home in west downtown Austin , Texas .	downtown
The arboretum began in 1959 when the college started preserving trees , and was formally established as an arboretum in 1994 .	formally
Police officer China O 'Brien ( Cynthia Rothrock ) is a good cop who teaches martial arts class to her fellow officers .	arts
The deportations continued , but on June 16 it was counted that the Soviets were still missing about 1,400 people from their list .	missing
In 1954 , the makeup of the Bank staff had increased to 98 % ( compare to 18 % in 1924 ) .	makeup
They work at the warehouse , store or residence .	residence
Two or more players can compete in this variant , but if there are more than six players , not everyone will get a fair turn .	compete
The NSA and GCHQ have partly succeeded in blocking access to the anonymous network , diverting Tor users to insecure channels .	users
When yellow , you can do a level one attack .	yellow
< onlyinclude > * Bill Clinton presidential campaign , 1992	presidential
It was even the " card of the day " when it was released .	card
Lone Oak Branch was named for an individual oak tree which tradition states was once used as a hanging tree .	tradition
The aviation fuel was stowed in tanks located in the upper part of the stern .	fuel
However , due to its formation close to the coast , Debra had inadequate time to cause a greater storm surge .	storm
Phillimore 's scheme lied dormant in the Admiralty for 22 years before it was put to Parliament in 1895 .	scheme
The Telus-branded service co-exists with the Bell-branded version of Bell TV , which is still offered in the markets that Telus Satellite TV is offered .	markets
, it is in post-production and is scheduled to premier at Sasquan in Spokane Washington during the 73rd World Science Fiction Convention on August 21 , 2015 .	scheduled
One morning I was like , “ What a fucking mess I ’ ve made .	morning
He then wrote his idea up as a scientific paper and tried to get it published .	scientific
The coverage was published on a web site called " Kevin Sites in the Hot Zone " .	coverage
After Shiloh , General Jacob G. Lauman was transferred to command the brigade and Pugh returned to command of his regiment .	regiment
Data terminal equipment ( DTE ) is an end instrument that converts user information into signals or reconverts received signals .	user
In a NHK poll , he was voted as the fourth best " Gundam " character .	voted
The rebels then charged and Lieutenant Landsdale took command .	charged
'You are cutting your own throat . '	your
An event-related RV park and camping area is located atop a hill behind the paddock .	hill
On 4 July , sixty families had to be evacuated from their homes on Garvaghy Road after a loyalist bomb threat .	homes
There are also many " magical " endings , with not only the princess ending , but princess of darkness , cats , etc .	ending
The Centre Party 's vote for the Enabling Act , at Kaas 's urging , was an action which fostered the establishment of the Hitlerian tyranny .	establishment
Structurally , " Princess Maker 4 " draws much inspiration from " Princess Maker 2 " , although an adventure mode does not exist anymore .	exist
1972 proved to be a successful year for Kennelly and for his club .	proved
Razia , holding a baby , is sent back home by her husband because her parents have failed to give the promised dowry .	holding
The Old Capitol building was damaged , while armories and magazines on Statehouse Square were destroyed .	damaged
Diagnosis can be established on clinical grounds and this may be enhanced with studies on surgically excised corneal tissue and in some cases with molecular genetic analyses .	grounds
People with invasive worms on their property are advised not to move plants or soil from their property .	soil
On September 2 , 2014 the band premiered the album 's third single , " Fallen Angel , " courtesy of Fuse .	premiered
The walls are decorated with marble inlay work with niches called " " .	walls
He was part of the Danish national squad which won the 1992 European Championship .	squad
In addition to normal hours of operation there are ten annual festivals at El Rancho de las Golondrinas .	normal
But Jones missed by a matter of inches and Ireland claimed a dramatic win and their first grand slam in 61 years .	matter
In Nsukka cultural settings , " ofo " is called " ohoo " and is used as a symbol of identity by the Onyishi .	identity
It was released for Nintendo Switch as a launch title worldwide on March 3 , 2017 .	launch
Although most of them live in aquatic areas , they also tend to reside in forests or higher rocky areas .	forests
Phase II organizations fall into three different type of structures :	structures
It is her best known work , pioneering the use of linguistic typology as a tool for understanding human migrations in prehistory .	understanding
WIT stands for World Innovation Technologies .	stands
Luddesdown is first recorded in 975 as " Hludes duna " ( Hlud 's hill ) ; in 1186 it was Ludesdon and in 1610 Luddesdowne .	hill
Upon formation the 225th Brigade came under Western Command until 10 February 1941 when it briefly came under command of 54th ( East Anglian ) Infantry Division .	briefly
Through the availability of Chinese workers , trade , agriculture and craftsmen flourished .	agriculture
The herd 's annual crossing of the Kobuk River is central to the Inupiaq people 's subsistence hunting .	crossing
In interviews , she has claimed that she became an actress almost by chance .	chance
He has been imprisoned on at least six occasions by successive military regimes for his political activities between 1972 and 1999 .	occasions
Despite the existence of independent news outlets , journalists who criticize the government are often severely harassed , imprisoned , and even physically assaulted .	existence
Many strongmen warlords had previously served in the Soviet military , police units or intelligence services and had experience operating within highly organized bureaucracies .	intelligence
Despite these commitments Indonesia has failed to achieve the improvements the government signed up to .	achieve
An overline , overscore , or overbar , is a typographical feature of a horizontal line drawn immediately above the text .	drawn
Graham served as head coach of the Blackhawks during the 1998 – 99 season before being relieved of his duties after 59 games .	duties
The main thing was that there was no sense of proportion .	sense
Krishi Awards is the event in which farmers , scholars and experts are honored for their contribution in the field of Agriculture .	scholars
The film ends citing Economic Policy Institute statistics about college graduate underemployment .	graduate
Tennessine ( Ts ) is the most-recently synthesized synthetic element , and much of the data is hypothetical .	element
In Clarion County , 47.86 % of eligible property owners applied for property tax relief in 2009 .	owners
Her sports career ended after the entry of the United States into World War II .	entry
A delegation went that same day to Goslar to the " Reichsbauernführer " ( " Reich Farmers ' Leader " ) to present their concerns .	concerns
Residents from ethnic minorities live in all parts of the District .	ethnic
Unlike the other types , type IV restriction enzymes recognize and cut only modified DNA .	modified
6 , 16 , 33 , 34 , 39 , 46 , 53 , 55 , 59 , and 302 and Cecil Transit bus routes No .	routes
Despite its running time of 22 minutes , the sample-laden single reached # 78 on the British singles charts .	charts
Of these , only the 10 inch battery , the rapid-fire battery and the brick hospital built in 1906 survive .	brick
The city has sought to restrict development throughout its watershed .	sought
By 2007 the term Solaris Containers came to mean a Solaris Zone combined with resource management controls .	mean
The high school has both a studio theater and auditorium , as well as a television studio with 5,500 videotapes .	theater
Bayern Munich appointed Werder Bremen manager Otto Rehhagel to try to improve on the club 's disappointing sixth-place finish the previous season .	improve
In June 2009 , the ECO named Paul Watkins its music director , effective with the 2009-2010 season , for an initial contract of 3 years .	effective
The Local Government Board for Ireland , created by the same act , could designate other towns with commissioners as urban sanitary districts .	towns
- Joey Newman - lead guitar , keyboards , vocals	vocals
In actresses , Kajol , Rani Mukherji , Aishwarya Rai and Priyanka Chopra are the forerunners with 2 wins each .	wins
" ( Note : Graham and Motley were also named to the NFL 's 75th anniversary all-time team in 1994 . ) "	anniversary
11 in the nation in scoring ( 31.0 points / game ) in 2006 .	nation
Simon gave away his idea to federal de-regulators and never received any personal profit from his solution .	solution
Lisnagarvey was the site of a defeat of the mostly Scottish Royalists at the hands of the Parliamentarians in 1649 .	hands
Catherine is heartbroken and grows colder , now painfully aware of her father 's opinions of her , but trapped caring for him nonetheless .	grows
The tumor is classified as a soft tissue sarcoma .	classified
In October 1953 , Willis bowed to internal pressure and called a leadership convention for the following year .	internal
Stravinsky , who rarely acknowledged outside inspirations for his music , referred to the composition as his ' war symphony ' .	composition
Falco was responsible for the protection of Skylink ( for an unknown duration of time ) , which is a component of the Sky Regalia .	protection
He successively returned to Palermo in 2016 to be the reserve of Josip Posavec for the Serie A club .	reserve
The first television signal launched on October 18 , 1975 in Luanda .	signal
" The New Girlfriend " premiered at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival on 6 September .	premiered
Consolidation of two central administrations into one would not require the closing of any schools .	require
He directed and acted in both Hindi and Gujarati films and plays .	acted
On September 20 , 1931 , Kudeversky District was abolished and merged into Novorzhevsky District .	merged
where the coordinates of the vector with respect to the Cartesian basis are denoted " a " , " a " , " a " .	respect
The title derives from an English translation of Psalms 30 : 5 :	translation
He was admitted to the bar in 1800 and commenced practice in Stockbridge , Massachusetts .	admitted
He found that when incompatible types are mixed , an immune response is triggered and the red blood cells clump .	blood
The building measured 4 metres square ( internally ) , with walls around 1 metre wide .	walls
After a two-year break , the Flares began to record again .	break
The purpose of the World Bridge Federation shall be :	purpose
The hallmark for Reaganomics was , in part , the wide-scale deregulation of corporate interests , and tax cuts for the wealthy .	interests
For instance , the coach for the relay race with lit torches would be selected .	instance
In 1948 the Yehiam convoy was ambushed while passing the village .	passing
Loki has a second dream where the gods invade his hall , blaming him for the death of Baldr .	hall
He was accepted at the prestigious Sweelinck Conservatory in Amsterdam and studied the organ with Albert de Klerk and piano with Berthe Davelaar .	piano
Carlos Salamanca was the defending champion but lost to Agustín Velotti in the second round .	defending
The term is not generally extended to incumbent politicians who successfully defend their seats repeatedly .	successfully
The target used was a three-quarter length silhouette , 4 inches high and 1.5 wide .	target
In 2018 , Thomas , leaves for Los Angeles to box in the " tenth season of the angels of the reality " TV .	reality
Operating temperature : 32 ° to 95 ° F ( 0 ° to 35 ° C )	temperature
The seven heavenly bodies known to the ancients were associated with the seven metals known in antiquity , and Venus was assigned to copper .	bodies
Yampa Valley Airport covers at an elevation of .	elevation
The erasing head used in these erasers has four magnetic poles that match the width and the location of the data bands .	bands
Ristaino revealed that he drew at least three of these faces for the episode .	drew
The school mascot is the bulldog , and the school colors are navy blue and gold .	blue
He holds a black belt in judo as well as a brown belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu .	brown
They did not stay long with Irwin 's group and were in Keith 's Theater in the beginning of February 1901 .	stay
In 1967 the 36-series tape recorders ended with the G36 , and were superseded by the transistorised A77 with a servo-controlled direct drive capstan .	drive
Complaints about the noise caused TriMet to replace the original 102-decibel ( from 100 feet ) Leslie rs3k horns for a fleetwide cost of $ 5,000 .	replace
Scale relativity hypothesizes that quantum behavior comes from the fractal nature of spacetime .	behavior
Coach Dixie Howell was credited for bringing his team " out of the so-so class and right into the Sun Bowl game at El Paso . "	credited
The first president , Jack Payne , had a term lasting from the banks first opening until 1974 .	banks
Alex was trained by his father Steve Wright , a British professional wrestler .	trained
An optimum horn does not yield maximum gain for a given " aperture size " .	gain
The original soundtrack of the film is almost exclusively composed of songs from the band " Revolver " , written or re-recorded for the film .	soundtrack
The discussion above considers the case when all input points are known in advance .	advance
SR 24 crosses the Columbia River on the Vernita Bridge , a steel truss bridge downriver from the Priest Rapids Dam .	steel
The Croatian Antemurale myth was seen through perception of the Roman Catholicism and its position toward other religions , as described in the Nesting Orientalisms concept .	toward
The initiation of photo-oxidation reactions is due to the existence of chromophoric groups in the macromolecules .	existence
In 1900 , the community was composed of over fifty households , and it included a post office , stores , schools , and a church .	stores
Paul suggested that it were the direct descendant of " E. longiceps " .	suggested
Tuchman disagreed , citing Lanrezac 's later writing that he had “ received confirmation ” of Sordet 's message .	message
The forewings are light ochreous brown , with a faint pinkish tinge .	brown
Patients with depression can experience apathy , slurring of speech , and body movements similar to akinetic mutism .	speech
Millmoor , then the home ground of Rotherham United F.C. , was the first sporting venue where Pukka Pies were sold .	venue
Although relations with the residents of Granada and other nearby communities were largely positive , many Coloradans protested the construction of Amache High School in 1943 .	relations
Through these means , Mongolian artists learned to use oil paints and became familiar with Socialist Realism as well as 19th century Russian Realism and Impressionism .	learned
He had won four successive All-Ireland medals with the Cork senior hurling team between 1941 and 1944 .	medals
Mr Culverhouse was also controversial in his appointment of non-Manx Senior Officers including Mike Langdon as Deputy who took over as Chief Constable .	appointment
In certain circles , forfeiting a simple is not optional but done by convention .	simple
Weehawken became the playground of the rich during the middle to late 19th century .	rich
György observes the imperfection and compromise of the musical scale ( as defined by Andreas Werckmeister a historical theorist ) .	scale
He was survived by his wife , a son and a daughter .	survived
Each student has an online portfolio website , linked to CCAT 's main website .	linked
Within the setting 's main timeframe , some sarrukh still wander parts of Anauroch , southern Mulhorand and Chult .	setting
Banks said he made contributions to the writing of the album , but his name was not included in the credits .	contributions
He was extremely devoted to the banking system .	extremely
De Ribas proposed a plan of attack , which was approved by Suvorov , and led both Russian navy and land forces to capture the mighty fortress .	capture
Banding features increased , and outflow became well-established throughout the storm .	storm
The band plays Americana / folk rock / roots rock / bluegrass music .	folk
Kamokuiki 's remains are interred in the cemetery of the Kawaiahaʻo Church , in the Kapiʻolani family plot .	plot
USCIRF reviews the facts and circumstances of religious freedom violations and makes policy recommendations to the President , the Secretary of State , and Congress . "	freedom
In 1796 , he was named justice of the peace for the Midland District .	peace
The per capita income for the city was $ 18,660 .	capita
The Philippine eagle 's nape is adorned with long , brown feathers that form a shaggy , manelike crest .	brown
The two lived together at a flat in Dorset Street , Cardiff .	flat
Tad Lang is located near Jar Site 3 just 700 meters off the road to Ban Nakang cascading down ca .	meters
The building is characterized by large windows alternating with pilasters .	windows
By 1086 there were 15 households consisting of 10 smallholders and five villagers .	consisting
Klenovica is a place where you can enjoy in the clean sea , warm climate and mild sea breeze coming from the surrounding mountain Velebit .	climate
The Visigoths were ruled by the Balþi and the Ostrogoths by the Amali .	ruled
Because Leland is taking an anger management class , he has to ask Monk and Natalie to follow Karen for him .	follow
In the miniseries , JLA foe Prometheus destroys Star City , as part of a grand scheme to " hurt " the Justice League community of heroes .	scheme
He is noticed to be developing a new skill , as Kururu noticed that his AT was worn out .	developing
What he calls the " Xi Jinping Decade " is an important moment of the " Chinese Renaissance " .	calls
His main themes cover traditional practices .	practices
The local school was closed following the oil spill due to concerns about the effects of fumes .	concerns
This delayed the implementation of the conversion factor until January 1 , 2014 .	factor
And of course she successfully finished .	successfully
And " Leo the Last " didn 't make it .	didn
In further contrast to the generally rebellious , " outlaw " nature of most hip-hop , they also praise army service and eschew drugs and smoking .	contrast
Xiaomi Redmi 1 , or calls Hongmi , Original Redmi .	calls
Flow is relative using a STD Bus Processor Card .	relative
This article lists athletes from the Netherlands who competed at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville , France .	lists
Naming a teddy bear was not a novel situation to her as a children 's school teacher , but she was not in England .	situation
In the dark and confusion of action , a friendly aircraft mistaking " Moffett " for the enemy made two strafing runs which caused minor damage .	enemy
Hawthorne has experienced little population growth since the 1980s .	experienced
The student was in voluntarily quarantine , and was doing well , according to Judy Monroe , Indiana 's state health commissioner .	doing
In October 2010 , CBS News reported that Whitney 's name was misspelled on electronic ballots as " Rich Whitey " .	electronic
The Saxtti dialect of Konkani , belonging to the Indo-European family of languages , is the local language and spoken widely by the people of Loutolim .	spoken
Bikejoring is also sometimes used to train racing sled-dogs out of season .	racing
The team improved during the second half of the season , thanks in part to several NFL players cut during training camp that September .	improved
As Union Home Minister , Rajnath Singh attended the passing out parade of 241 Bastariya Battalion of CRPF in Ambikapur , Chhattisgarh on 21 May 2018 .	passing
A more detailed description of the Acquisition Initiation phase can be found here .	phase
The student was treated and recovered .	treated
Cardinal Rubiano Sáenz has pleaded with pro-lifers worldwide to join in a massive prayer effort to stop abortion from being legalized in the country .	effort
He recorded two interceptions , 45 tackles , and five passes defensed .	passes
This fourth circuit is imprinted by the first orgasm-mating experiences and tribal " morals " .	experiences
Ten families filed lawsuits seeking more than $ 7 million just weeks after the U.S. Coast Guard report was released .	filed
Gottorf Castle ( , , Low German : " Gottorp " ) is a castle and estate in the city of Schleswig , Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .	castle
An even more rapid carrier pigeon post was maintained between the two cities .	maintained
Although these bands primarily use German Army uniforms , they are not officially subordinate to the Army .	bands
The school hosts an Army JROTC program .	hosts
This was because of several differences in courtship behaviour , as well as their geographic isolation from the rest of the population .	differences
From July 2013 , two new groups had been allowed to purchase flats directly from HDB .	purchase
The survivors jump into the water , and swim to nearby rescue boats .	boats
After this , Silambarasan acted in a movie called " Kuththu " , a remake of the Telugu film " Dil " .	acted
Hawks shot this scene with one camera a week and a half into production and it took four days to film instead of the intended two .	camera
The commission and mayoral elections are nonpartisan , with a runoff if there is no majority winner .	commission
She ended up marrying a rich banker , Clyde Gorman , only for his money .	rich
In the latter half of the 19th century , the island populations grew steadily and established new settlements all over Roatán and the other islands .	islands
While on the train Athena and Angel make love so Angel will have the strength to fly back to heaven .	strength
There are no additional relations satisfied by these three generators , so is the free group generated by , , and .	relations
He made his competitive Woking debut in a 2 – 0 victory over Hyde United on 17 September 2013 , replacing Gavin Williams with eight minutes remaining .	replacing
Randy displays insincere interest and is more focused on enjoying single life .	focused
There was resentment against the authoritarian regime and the curbs on the freedom of the political parties .	freedom
The area is home to a high diversity of plants , fungi , birds , butterflies , insects and reptiles .	birds
Journals were traded back and forth , and physicians eagerly anticipated the arrival of each new issue .	arrival
However , in 1012 , Mahmud used Shah Muhammad 's bad behavior as an excuse to invade his domains in 1012 .	behavior
Premier Anna Bligh described the spill as the " worst environmental disaster Queensland has ever seen " .	environmental
As the Petty Sessions were held on his premises , it is hard to imagine how it could be otherwise .	otherwise
The British sports cars of the mark are imported by the company and retain its UK original logo .	mark
Many dwellings are single room units , with high occupancy rates .	rates
Four of his horses were inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame .	horses
Alongside Otto Groth and Emil Dovifat Everth is one of the greatest German scientists for Journalism .	greatest
South-southeast is Cavi Angusti and southwest is Parva Planum .	southwest
Until his identity was finally discovered by police , he was known as the " BTK killer " .	identity
In Ireland , " Lullaby " became the band 's third top 10 hit and highest-charting single , reaching number three .	reaching
The HEVC MainConcept SDK includes a decoder , encoder , and transport multiplexer for Microsoft Windows , macOS , Linux , iOS , and Android .	transport
The other three windows are by Lavers and Westlake of London .	windows
Meanwhile , Jellicoe , who has borrowed money from both Mike and Psmith and seems in a miserable mood , borrows from Mike again .	seems
In addition , county population had moved to the south , and changing shopping habits had adversely affected malls across the country .	affected
The system , says administration , is to bring a cross- grade feeling of unity throughout the school .	bring
He attempted a political comeback in the 1959 election , but finished third in the riding .	attempted
Affect has been found across cultures to comprise both positive and negative dimensions .	negative
the width 10 link spans the links of widths 3 , 2 and 5 immediately below it ) .	link
Darla asks Lindsey why he always showers when he comes home from work .	asks
Though there would be spots of fighting throughout the city for the next few days , the revolution , for all intents and purposes , was over .	purposes
Bradford Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
By the middle of the second season , the show took on a more comic tone .	comic
Ming Antu then performed an infinite series reversion and expressed the arc in terms of its chord	expressed
Troops from this army were also involved in the subsequent Nanjing Massacre .	subsequent
The 1979 Denver Broncos season was the team 's 20th year in professional football and its 10th with the National Football League ( NFL ) .	10th
When the occupation ended in 1945 , Cappelen was appointed Minister of Justice and the Police in the non-partisan coalition government Gerhardsen 's First Cabinet .	occupation
The proposed extension was to comprise two bedrooms , a bathroom , laundry , WC , dining room and new street access .	extension
The sign-painter is also shown in rags , but his role in the image is unclear .	image
Even though his father was a farmer , Cusick received a good education , attending a country school in Illinois from age four to eleven .	eleven
Mercedes-Benz never offered the W215 CL63 for sale ; all were sold exclusively through AMG .	sale
At the 2010 general election a strong Liberal Democrat challenge edged the Conservative candidate narrowly into third .	challenge
To advertise the end that morning , The Wolf replaced the wolf-howling sound effect with the sound of a dying wolf howling .	morning
Previously the NTC was barred to do so , unless a person was a terror suspect or related to an investigation .	investigation
He wrote several books about his experiences in the camps .	experiences
The monument was chosen in a public contest and was set to be built on April 13 , 2011 .	contest
The Spanish fleet had come as close as ten leagues from The Lizard , although the danger at this time was still real .	fleet
He was well regarded by William II , German Emperor , with whom he often smoked a cigar in his cabin when the Emperor was on board .	regarded
He has published more than 300 articles and abstracts , and also service as a reviewer for journals including the Annals of Thoracic Surgery and Circulation .	articles
I did not tune in to watch Oprah 's vagina talk to her butthole and a towel . ' "	talk
She declared that the only formal training she had in cookery was a " three months course in Dundee " .	formal
From 1990 to 2016 , the population of Hockessin has grown by about 35 % .	grown
Cordelia explains to the Groosalugg that she is not a princess , but he doesn 't believe her because of what he was told .	believe
The speedway also hosts the Jason Crump Invitational meeting each December on Boxing Day in honour of Australia 's only triple Speedway World Champion .	hosts
She was nominated for best actress in a supporting role at the Australian Film Institute Awards in 1990 for her performance in " Kokoda Crescent " .	supporting
The engine came after the Babe Bee and looks very similar with its anodized , machined extruded aluminum crank case and fuel tank .	fuel
He was signed to a reserve / future contract on January 11 , 2010 .	reserve
They 're the teachers that taught me to fight me ! "	teachers
In 1921 he headed a newly created department of biochemistry at the Indian Institute of Science .	headed
Other direct hits were Hurricane Cleo in 1964 , Hurricane King in 1950 , and the 1947 Fort Lauderdale Hurricane .	hits
During WWII , Paul resorted to American curly birch , given European wood became unavailable .	wood
This episode features Summer Glau in her first acting role as a Prima Ballerina cursed to carry out the same performance over and over again .	carry
In 1961 , after the resignation of Jânio Quadros , Vice-President João Goulart , a social-democrat with popular reform proposals , took office .	reform
Günter Christian Ludwig Neumann ( 1913 – 1972 ) was a German singer , composer lyricist and cabaretist .	composer
It received a nomination for best film in the 1991 Fantasporto International Fantasy Film Awards .	nomination
There is simply not a one-to-one relationship between price and quantity supplied .	price
Villanueva was elected to the Philippine House of Representatives in 2001 as a party-list representative of the Citizens ' Battle Against Corruption ( CIBAC ) .	representative
In addition to this there are numerous fine lines of growth , which slope retractively in the sulcus at the summit and protractively anteriorly .	fine
The video was edited with different effects .	edited
In 2017 a total of 18 applications were lodged with the GI register at the Intellectual Property Office of New Zealand .	applications
He was the commander of Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support in Philadelphia from July 13 , 2011 until August 2012 .	commander
In December 1918 , the Estonians managed to buy two 7.7 cm FK 16 field guns from the Germans .	guns
He studied mathematics at Göttingen , Erlangen , and Munich .	mathematics
The combination of hypermobility and pregnancy-related pelvic girdle during pregnancy can be debilitating .	combination
The church cost £ 48,000 ( equivalent to £ in ) .	equivalent
A bit of the cloth was radiocarbon dated in the late 1980s .	dated
Self-employment can be an appropriate employment strategy to overcome the high unemployment rate among this population .	strategy
He would play seven season for the MetroStars , earning All Star recognition in 1996 , 1998 and 1999 .	recognition
‘ Fera scored over 30 points on eight occasions and conceded over 30 three times .	occasions
We will fight them with the weapons that they have chosen themselves . "	weapons
Vellacott campaigned in the 1995 Saskatchewan provincial election as a Liberal , and lost to New Democratic Party candidate Eric Cline in Saskatoon Mount Royal .	provincial
The same year , another Falcon aircraft reported to Patrick AFB , Florida to assist in the recovery search for Space Shuttle Challenger .	search
Its founding residents wanted a Catholic church for a place of worship .	founding
She studied art under Josef Hoffmann at the Kunstgewerbeschule and did textile designs for the renowned Wiener Werkstaette under the name Grete Luzzatto .	designs
Her Majesty the Queen , my dear cousin , is British born . "	cousin
But the timing of the operation is irrelevant to the injury she suffered , for which she claims to be compensated .	claims
In the 60s regional coordination structures for Africa , Asia and Europa were set up .	structures
One case is a school-age child , who recently traveled to California .	traveled
At the upper level , the room is surrounded by what is sometimes mistakenly referred to as a minstrels ' gallery .	surrounded
Honor helped the character regain Chi ; a character with high Honor recovered Chi more easily than a character with low Honor .	easily
Most buildings are constructed from thick ceramic with high insulation values .	values
During the feudal period , " suigun " seized power in most coastal areas .	coastal
Some examples in video games include " Final Fantasy VI " and " Wild ARMs " .	examples
When Stuart fails an exercise , Allan tells him to buck up his ideas if he wants to join the force .	ideas
In 1622 , the family moved back to Sweden to avoid the Thirty Years War .	avoid
Cantrell 's career outside Alice in Chains has consisted of two solo albums , as well as many appearances with other musicians and on film soundtracks .	musicians
Heavy snow and severe frost were hampering troop movements .	severe
Falling You is an ambient / electronic project based in San Francisco , California .	electronic
Later that same evening , the CNI and S & S reached a settlement , with S & S agreeing to pay CNI 1.86 million dollars .	evening
The layout town of Montañita is a grid of small streets crowded with shops and restaurants .	streets
By emphasizing community-based support networks , it aims to enhance parenting techniques and inspire confidence .	techniques
Three parties presented their respective candidates for the different national elective positions .	candidates
Phil Richards , the fourth official , was brought on to replace him .	replace
A solution to the previous problem could be to use the Association Role Model , which could create an association between a person and a film .	solution
In 2007 , Hines starred in the City Center Encores !	starred
The Foundation unveiled its fifth exhibition showcasing the work of Yves Klein in July 2018 .	exhibition
Eugene Octave Sykes , Jr . ( July 16 , 1876 – June 21 , 1945 ) was a judge on the Mississippi Supreme Court .	judge
Today , Frederica is a quiet town that has not experienced much change unlike many places in the United States .	experienced
Squad leader Rona identifies the Slayer as a candidate to serve as a Buffy decoy in an underground society of demons , monsters , and faeries .	underground
Monro retired from the business in 1816 , selling his share to Bell .	selling
In July 1759 , Mi 'kmaq and Acadians killed five British in Dartmouth , opposite McNabb 's Island .	opposite
I just read it a few weeks ago .	read
The story starts with the player in high-school , but the player eventually enters college and then the NBA .	starts
Ashok Sawhny ( born 1937 ) is bilingual Indian poet , film producer and businessman .	poet
Correct folding requires proteins to assume one particular structure from a constellation of possible but incorrect conformations .	requires
WGI was an early radio broadcasting station , licensed to the American Radio and Research Corporation ( AMRAD ) of Medford Hillside , Massachusetts .	broadcasting
Thus , the law review concluded , the Supreme Court established an unnecessary precedent .	concluded
The first ever club to play rugby league in the Newsome area was the Newsome Magpies open age team .	rugby
Seven people were killed and twenty-eight injured when the two groups clashed at Milperra .	injured
devaluation of property ; insecurity ) with more normative conflict of interest ( e.g .	conflict
Fields received a co-writing credit on five episodes , including one with Costello .	credit
The former Preston Port , known as Riversway or the Docks , has been the site of an expanding commercial and residential complex since 1988 .	residential
The per capita income for the CDP was $ 24,996 .	capita
He was running about 15,000 sheep across the two properties .	properties
Population : 18,626 ( 2002 Census ) ; The population of Soltsy accounts for 64.2 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
He did not like the interior in the car he tested .	interior
During the Tamil New Year , an offering of 10,008 fruits is made to the deity .	offering
X-ray and infrared testing revealed that a " colorless substance " had been applied to the canvas to make it appear older .	testing
In 1941 , Tyberg continued using her linotype innovation for the publication of the first edition of her " First Lessons in Sanskrit Grammar " .	publication
Although it is a production documentary , the film is actually longer than " The Railrodder " , which was only 24 minutes long .	documentary
Of these types , only waffle slabs can be regarded to have a certain use in the market .	regarded
She accompanied the Prince Regent whenever he visited Brighton , and had her own house ( Steine House on Old Steine ) .	accompanied
The show was revised somewhat and retitled " Romany Love " .	somewhat
It would mark the return of QB Rex Grossman .	mark
One 2012 study listed 147 specific genes with colon cancer-associated hypermethylated promoters , along with the frequency with which these hypermethylations were found in colon cancers .	frequency
Perfectly competitive firms have zero market power ; that is , they have no ability to affect the terms and conditions of exchange .	exchange
In November 2018 , Boyfriend released " Wash That " , her take on the Rodgers and Hammerstein classic from their musical " South Pacific " .	classic
While Kazu was debating on what to do , Emily stepped forward and attacked Gabishi with brute strength .	strength
It moved to its present building on Buchanan Street in 1903 which displays elements of the Glasgow Style of architecture and design .	architecture
Unenclosed bus shelters are installed at all stops on Highway 97 in Kelowna and West Kelowna .	installed
Eisendrath 's tenure was also characterized by controversy based on his political views and activism .	views
The dominant vegetation in its habitat normally consists of plants such as mesquite , creosotebush , catclaw , and prickly pears .	habitat
Teachers pay was increased to $ 100 per quarter .	quarter
The Burbach ironworks , which had employed more than 23,000 people in 1975 , was closed in 1988 , temporarily causing an unemployment rate of 23 % .	causing
Nowadays , Neustift am Walde is popular for its numerous " Heurige " ( restaurants selling locally produced wine ) .	selling
In a " Newtype " poll , Kira was voted the second most popular male anime character from the 2000s .	voted
Because BASIC A + had to be purchased , programs developed using its extended features could not be shared with people who did not own the interpreter .	shared
He continues on to say that people " want " him after they see him " workin ' with money , " meaning working with Lopez .	want
It is also a concert venue , including several residencies of Weird Al Yankovic .	venue
Fleischman quickly exhibited a keen interest and became proficient with the various apparatus that were necessary to produce the X-rays .	necessary
The Stuckists then led a media campaign over the Tate 's purchase of " The Upper Room " .	purchase
The coat is short and close to the skin and comes in a wide variety of colors and patterns .	skin
Bauang has a treasure : Research Reef ( a dive spot for local and foreign scuba divers ) .	spot
It rises just outside the village of Knossington in Leicestershire , near the western edge of Rutland .	edge
This species has an evident sexual dimorphism , as males have more elongated frontal tarsae than females .	sexual
In 1965 , Mexico won the 1965 CONCACAF Championship to become continental champions for the first time .	champions
" Spanish tax reform of 1845	reform
In the 1960s , dude evolved to mean any male person , a meaning that slipped into mainstream American slang in the 1970s .	mean
In July 2004 the company admitted overcharging 71,000 customers following a review of its systems .	admitted
There is a closed position as in other types of ballroom dance , but it differs significantly between types of tango .	significantly
The frame is set out to dry in the sun .	frame
At the time , Joe Levy of " Rolling Stone " cited Halsey as a " new Tumblr popstar with a knack for sticky imagery " .	cited
He filled several positions at the University of Wisconsin – Madison ( 1889 – 1906 ) .	filled
In 1956 the smelter complex consumed 35 % of yearly electric energy in British Columbia .	electric
Besides the work " Quæstionum peripateticarum " already mentioned , reference should be made to " Quaestionum medicarum libri duo " ( 1593 ) .	reference
In 2000 , they took over their largest commercial laundry rival Seamara Group ( Sketchley 's former holding company prior to 1998 ) .	holding
Her six short stories reinvent traditional fairy tales , looking to fill gaps in logic .	looking
Neuendorf is a community rich in woodland .	rich
More details are on Loopt 's privacy pages .	details
For much of its existence its full title was The Mount Barker Courier and Onkaparinga and Gumeracha Advertiser , later shortened to The Mount Barker Courier .	existence
The machine gun made this tactic a futile one and only with the invention of the tank did shock tactics once more become viable .	machine
One soldier was identified through DNA analysis in 2007 , but due to DNA deterioration , identifying the second using the same techniques failed .	techniques
This settlement was one of the most damaged by the 2010 Chile earthquake , and mostly after its tsunami that hit the Chilean coast hours later .	damaged
Millicent is also able to learn that her Mother is not sick but pregnant with her future sibling .	learn
Halifax 's limited 19th century housing and transit facilities were heavily burdened .	heavily
No public roads lead into the area , there are no marked paths for travelers , and the area only has four wilderness huts .	roads
The ceiling over those statues was of wood with golden stars on black lacquer .	wood
They are often recalcitant to degradation and in some cases , like some azo dyes , cancerogenic or otherwise toxic .	otherwise
The referendum was held and the vote was overwhelmingly in favour of independence .	independence
He was perhaps best known as the foremost English disciple of Rosmini , founder of the Institute of Charity .	perhaps
A further objective is to teach pupils responsibility .	responsibility
The rats are attracted and sustained by food brought into the park by people , either for themselves or for the squirrels .	attracted
The side-tanks were also much smaller , reaching only as far forward as aft of the boiler-mounted sandbox dome .	reaching
As with other Asian cultures , respect towards ancestors is an essential part of Thai spiritual practice .	respect
The Hagenbach-Bischoff quota is named for its inventor , Swiss professor of physics and mathematics Eduard Hagenbach-Bischoff ( 1833 – 1910 )	mathematics
All proposed amendment methods must be ratified by a majority vote in a national referendum .	methods
Released in 2006 by Sony , available only in libraries , 800 GB native and 45 MB / s sustained transfer rate .	transfer
He suffered a broken right ankle attempting to make a tackle on special teams .	broken
( " Titanic " carried 2,224 passengers and crew . )	passengers
The season had many highlights including beating promoted Ratinger Ice Aliens 97 3-0 at home as well as the retirement of Rostock ice hockey legend Dimitri Kramerenko .	hockey
Leland and Karen have recurring marital problems and are known to have separated twice .	separated
He practiced medicine in Hereford .	medicine
Their entire division had been crushed and those who were not killed or captured sped to the rear .	rear
In addition , asexually produced offspring in vertebrates exhibit extremely high levels of sterility , highlighting that this mode of reproduction is not adaptive .	extremely
Entries marked with * have been collected in omnibus .	collected
While many aperture cards still play an important role in archiving , their role is gradually being replaced by digital systems .	cards
Taşkent station has two side platforms serving two tracks .	platforms
She asserts that the womanist vision is to answer the ultimate question of how to equitably share power among the races and between the sexes .	question
For stage purposes , the embrace is often open , and the complex footwork is augmented with gymnastic lifts , kicks , and drops .	purposes
He has been the chief investment officer at Yale University since 1985 .	investment
The first 20,000 medals had a rough frosted-like surface , while the later version had a more traditional and more attractive smooth surface .	medals
She completed MA and PhD degrees in Sociology from the University of California at San Diego ( 2005 , 2011 ) .	degrees
Both fought on the southern part of the Eastern Front , participating in the German advance through the Ukraine to the Volga .	advance
He never again represented India in international cricket .	cricket
" Vs . " was the first Pearl Jam album to have production duties handled by Brendan O 'Brien .	duties
In 2015 , Garbowsky became the manager of the Republic signed group DNCE with former band mate Joe Jonas as lead vocals .	vocals
In the meantime , Adriana toured Europe and Japan ( as she has done many times since ) .	toured
Chen Yun argued that , if there were to be such bonuses , they should be gauged to increased productivity .	argued
His creature and costume design were provided by Brian Froud and his designer and fabrication supervisor was Wendy Midener .	designer
Though not signed to any record label , the band received notoriety in the Seattle music scene after performing with Nirvana in 1988 .	performing
Tai applied pressure and landed several clean blows throughout the bout Tai , however , Fa did enough to win most of the rounds .	rounds
Binaural unmasking is a process that involves a combination of information from the two ears in order to extract signals from noise .	combination
Horus appears and during a glass of champagne , they discuss an agreement .	glass
For the 2008-09 school year , the program was offered in 143 schools reaching 66,973 students across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania .	reaching
He also praised Chambers ' " indelible , cold-eyed performance " .	praised
Armitstead won bronze at the British National Road Race Championships .	bronze
The report gives a narrative of his journey , what he had learned about Mongol history , as well as Mongol customs of the time .	learned
Furthermore , they were able to detect the K X-rays from the daughter rutherfordium element for the first time .	element
Saugy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
He ranked third in the CAA in that category and fifth in total points with 22 .	category
Speaking to the European Parliament on 14 February 2008 , he called for European Union leadership in the war against climate change .	climate
Resolutions have been introduced in three counties : Barber County , Kansas ; Montgomery County , Maryland ; and Lycoming County , Pennsylvania .	counties
The per capita income for the city was $ 26,734 .	capita
Similar to the Super Bee but it had a larger 8cc non-vented fuel tank .	fuel
A deterministic pushdown automaton has at most one legal transition for the same combination of input symbol , state , and top stack symbol .	combination
Previously planned to open in 2017 , it opened on August 30 , 2018 as part of line 's " Ramenki " - " Rasskazovka " extension .	extension
Doric Park was later rebuilt as Firefighters Memorial Park , which opened in August 2009 .	rebuilt
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Alfredo Carlomagno of Argentina .	eliminated
Between 1904 and 1907 , the Llewelyn Davies boys were the inspiration for the author and playwright J. M. Barrie 's Peter Pan .	boys
Careful control of the orientation of the satellite relative to the observers is essential , and mistakes can lead to detectability enhancement rather than the desired reduction .	relative
The crown was inspired by that of Despina , the wife of 16th-century Wallachian ruler Neagoe Basarab , and it was made entirely out of Transylvanian gold .	entirely
Julie ( Myers ) is jealous of Sybil , and plots with Harley to keep her separated from Gerald .	separated
Furniture was thrown from the luxury Buccaneer Hotel into its swimming pool , shattering a large window .	window
! colspan = 9 style = " background : # 002147 ; color : # 8D817B ; " | National Invitation Tournament	background
On 3 March 2017 , Federica Mogherini visited the Serbian parliament as an envoy of the European Union to discuss Serbia 's accession into the European Union .	parliament
In 1947 , he was named into the position of minister of interior trade ( " ministr vnitřního obchodu " ) .	interior
The Columbia City Council met in October 2010 to address the controversy .	address
Ansaldo refuses to tell him for fear of getting the " charitable lady " ( Philippa ) in trouble .	getting
The range includes transceivers ( base , portable and mobile ) , modems , power supplies , amplifiers , antennas and accessories .	mobile
The third owner was Donald Relton Austin , an engineer , who bought the house in 1944 .	engineer
By the late 1920s , unemployed people , mainly miners , from the depressed areas of the North of England were housed in the forest holdings .	1920s
Despite the arrival of a relief commando , the Venda 's mountain strongholds could not be taken .	arrival
The children are learning about ecology , permaculture , recycling , nutrition and more .	learning
The defending Pan American Games champion is María José Orellana & Soraya Jadue of Chile .	defending
The pair won the Kamigata Manzai Grand Prize three times in 1970 , 1977 , and 1980 .	pair
They agreed also that the wind shift , described by a company official as " of almost unbelievable suddenness , " led Capt .	wind
Senator , and Isaac , who later served as mayor of Cincinnati .	mayor
With mostly male friends , she would wear large T-shirts , cargo pants and a hat to hide her long hair .	hair
This force escorted convoys as far as Iceland , after which the convoys became the responsibility of British escorts .	responsibility
When the group realizes that Angelus could have turned Lilah into a vampire , Wesley offers to prevent her potential rising .	prevent
The amount of copper in use is increasing and the quantity available is barely sufficient to allow all countries to reach developed world levels of usage .	increasing
Chairs can be made from wood , metal , or other strong materials , like stone or acrylic .	wood
a bishop without a diocese ) on 17 October 1722 by Bishop John Fullarton .	bishop
The great majority of congregations use the haftarot suggested by Pesiqta de-Rav Kahana .	suggested
A points system was introduced to decide which applicants for houses had the greatest need .	greatest
An OVA subtitled " Ohanami Ghostbusters " 27 minutes 19 seconds long was also released March 21 , 2012 .	seconds
In-house applications of X-ray diffraction has always been limited to the relatively few wavelengths shown in the table above .	applications
The " Cop Killer " campaign ad was featured on a segment of the Opie and Anthony radio show about negative campaign ads .	negative
It is generally feared by the Malagasy people and is often protected by their " fady " ( taboo ) .	protected
The following year , his mother endowed a fund at the Academy to establish the " Yendogurov Prize " for landscape painting .	establish
Philipp Furtwängler was a grandson of the organ builder ( 1800-1867 ) and a second cousin of the conductor Wilhelm Furtwängler .	cousin
The Unicode block for Tai Le is U + 1950 – U + 197F :	block
In the 55-14 win over Syracuse , Devine was held to 13 yards on 4 carries , with 33 yards on two kick returns .	returns
In 1997 , the contract was renewed for eleven years , for the tourist season , under the commercial name of " Batobus " .	eleven
It was a choice that I made .	choice
Within the framework of administrative divisions , Kimrsky District is one of the thirty-six in the oblast .	divisions
In part it was planted with trees , and intersected by broad and level walks .	broad
A third copy , once owned by the English costume designer Herbert Norris , is known through records , although its whereabouts are unknown .	designer
The fastest qualifying speed for the 1971 Daytona 500 was more than .	qualifying
Her areas of expertise are aerodynamics , biomedical engineering , and Sports science .	engineering
In this period the total figure of missing Italian soldiers amounted to 84,830 ( Italian Ministry of Defence , 1977a 1977b ) .	missing
This led to decisions by several unions to approve ordinations without regard to gender .	gender
In 1960 he lost the Ohio primary to Governor Michael DiSalle , carrying 39.75 % to DiSalle 's 60.25 .	carrying
His first goal for Red Star Belgrade in any UEFA league was scored against Dinamo Tbilisi in the second qualifying round of the Europa League .	qualifying
A May 25 , 2007 article notes that in the past seven months only 69 people from Iraq have been granted refugee status in the United States .	notes
He also garnered All-MAC Third Team recognition as a wide receiver and punt returner in 2013 .	recognition
In April 1967 , the Australian government committed No .	committed
Before 1933 , the " bricklayers village " Mörfelden had the first Communist mayor in the state of Hesse , and was nicknamed " Little Moscow " .	mayor
The Certificate of Transfer of the College of Arms dated 11 March 1976 confirmed the re-granting of the Arms .	dated
It is run by students and headed by an elected RAG Chairperson .	headed
The city also served as the return point for wounded soldiers returning on hospital ships .	wounded
Despite the belief that it was adopted as the national anthem in 1866 , no such recognition has ever been officially accorded .	recognition
The Berlin Office also develops programs focused on current transatlantic debates as well as the history of exile .	focused
The boys ' bowling team won the overall state championship in 1988 .	boys
His name is attached to a letter sent to Pope Leo I by the delegates of the second Synod of Milan ( 451 ) .	attached
Oct-4 expression is associated with an undifferentiated phenotype and tumors .	expression
Conditioned for racing by Charlie Whittingham , Porterhouse was the forty-year-old trainer 's first stakes winner and first Champion .	racing
Later in 1968 , his wife , looking for traces of his infidelities , found a $ 2,000 payment from the Soviets in his car .	looking
The vomeronasal organ , which is the sensory organ that takes in pheromone compounds in mammals such as mice and rats is a vestigial organ in humans .	humans
Virgin Mobile was launched in November 1999 as a private joint venture between One2One ( later T-Mobile ) and the Virgin Group .	joint
In 2000 , a short novel of his dealing with the war years saw publication .	publication
After the attack predictably ends in disaster , Earth 's government hands over President McNeal .	hands
The esterification process can also be reversed ( hydrolysis ) to get propanol and hexanoic acid back from propyl hexanoate .	acid
He conceded a safety to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats , then later kicked a field goal for the Argos .	safety
In addition to these degrees , as of this date , EVMS offers a variety of other medical training ( degree programs , including :	degrees
Prior to the debut of her music , critics wondered why she would take the risk of launching a music career .	risk
The device proposed by J. D. Plummer is the same structure as a thyristor with a MOS gate .	device
South Lakeland Parks specialise in developing and operating holiday parks with caravans and timber lodge accommodation .	developing
Exposing them is regarded as sin .	regarded
This was contrary to English common law for children of parents who are both English subjects , in which the child takes status from the father .	subjects
The residents sought to re-route the march away from their area , seeing it as " triumphalist " and " supremacist " .	sought
In 1976 he failed to win in eight starts but ran well in several major races .	starts
The basketball and volleyball courts were inaugurated by the Indian footballer Bhaichung Bhutia .	courts
These were , respectively , tasked with predictive and immediate planning .	planning
Their self-titled debut album was released on 10 October 2006 , and had several positive reviews by North American publications .	publications
Regulation of the equipment used in the event was done through allowing the use of .22 or .297 / .230 caliber ammunition .	allowing
From 1943 it was dedicated to the study of the scientific problems of the movements of the subsoil in the Valley of Mexico .	scientific
They have discovered that instead of the " tro-klon " being a person 's arrival , it is instead interpreted as different events .	arrival
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age , roughly the start of the first millennium BC .	roughly
Tarot cards began to appear in the mid fifteenth century , making Bembo one of the first artists to paint a deck of them .	cards
The remaining friends return to the resort , where they agree to watch each other closely .	closely
In an oral history interview , Leon H. Keyserling said the New Deal 's National Industrial Recovery Act " started as a trade association act .	interview
On 18 January 2010 , the ship arrived at Port-au-Prince with relief supplies for the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake .	victims
This was a reduction from the 27 locations visited for the first series , with the second series focusing mainly on cities .	locations
Inner city parking lots are often temporary , the operators renting land which is vacant pending the construction of a new office building .	temporary
Mihos later sued Governor Swift for violating his First Amendment right to free speech and settled that case in U.S. District Court for $ 197,000 .	speech
However , they instead decided to developed a more light-hearted game solely focused on female fighters , " " .	focused
Males had a median income of $ 37,614 versus $ 31,333 for females .	versus
Carina Chocano of " The Los Angeles Times " also praised the film :	praised
The main responsibilities included monitoring worldwide clandestine radio intelligence and COMINT collection .	intelligence
Maurice Brooks described the circumstances whereby a portion of the virgin forest was spared in his classic book on Appalachian natural history :	classic
Lord Lovell knows of his page 's affections , and is willing to act as a go-between for the two .	page
The artwork , a reaction to Trump 's remarks on the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , was widely covered in U.S. news media .	reaction
The couple preferred the attractions of the opulent Tuscan court to the mountains of Tyrol , and consequently were more often at Florence than at Innsbruck .	mountains
We really looked out for each other , and it was a great experience .	really
Thus , a rematch for the title was scheduled for the next pay-per-view .	scheduled
Within the Physical Features facets are mountain ranges , oceans , seas , rivers , waterfalls , island groups , and deserts .	rivers
In 1 March 2014 , Jones was appointed the Treasury Solicitor , replacing Sir Paul Jenkins on his retirement .	replacing
Retrieving the cash from the baggage claim at Union Station , Jane goes to Danny 's , finds him drunk and suspicious .	claim
On March 1 , he made an appearance at the Nation of Islam 's annual Saviours ' Day holiday , where he praised minister Louis Farrakhan .	praised
Plečkaitis wanted to organize a coup to overthrow Smetona 's regime , but his efforts in 1928 were blocked by the Lithuanian intelligence .	intelligence
As punishment , Garrigan 's chest is pierced with meat hooks before he is hanged by his skin .	skin
The Strategic Traffic Unit consists of motor officers and aggressive driving enforcement officers who are deployed day and night .	driving
For most of its length , the line had no ballast , with the sleepers simply laid on levelled earth .	laid
Leaves higher on the stem are similar and are alternately arranged .	arranged
Selig is a Yoruba priest and spiritual consultant .	priest
Expert testimony presented at the trial indicated that Bradley Murdoch was the man captured in the CCTV footage at the service station .	indicated
The wings and the membranes between the legs are white and translucent .	wings
The restaurants also sell an assortment of salads , appetizers , and desserts .	sell
Exemplifying several architectural styles , including Georgian Revival and Neoclassical , it is listed in the National Register of Historic Places .	architectural
BunnyLord was later given his own Twitter account to post his ideas and opinions about politics , as well as parodying it .	ideas
In 2004 , all four generators were commissioned .	commissioned
The project was initially managed by the MoD 's Directorate of Corporate Communications ( Navy ) , headed by Commodore Richard Leaman .	headed
Mr Davison refused , stating the supremacy of EU law in UK law in matters of weights and measures .	measures
Under Fatimid rule ( 969 – 1099 ) , a pigeon post was maintained that was later perfected by the Mamluks .	maintained
Gilman succeeded in commanding 1300 subscribers at the peak of the magazine ’ s circulation , equalling around 6500 readers .	peak
Monk later calls Stottlemeyer " the best cop I know . "	calls
The noteworthy ' green ' elements of the Business Instructional Facility include solar panels , a green roof , and an energy-efficient cooling and heating system .	roof
The corps continued to withdraw through Poland and into Germany as the Soviet advance continued .	advance
The bombs struck to starboard of the centerline , near number two stack .	struck
The Israeli armored brigades , principally those of Nir , Amir and Raviv , continued engaging the 16th Brigade after the paratroopers were withdrawn .	16th
During the late 1930s Hall was at the Naval War College , initially as a student , then as a member of the staff .	1930s
The Orb found critical success on Kompakt ; but Badorb.com collapsed soon after releasing the compilation " Bless You " .	compilation
In July 2012 , the most intense fighting of the 17-month-old Syrian conflict began .	conflict
In January 2008 " Deep Impact " began studying the stars with several known extrasolar planets in an attempt to find other such stars nearby .	studying
Since 1985 , it is classified as UNESCO Biosphere Reserve .	classified
Leone had the most victims in American Samoa in the 2009 tsunami .	victims
instantly and their bodies melted .	bodies
He is soon taken to Nairobi Hospital for treatment , but his condition deteriorates further and he goes into a coma while in the waiting room .	condition
He served as chancellor for King Gustav I Vasa and cherished by Laurentius Petri , the Archbishop , because they shared a strong Lutheran faith .	shared
She was one of the main presenters on the programme , alongside Paul Hendy .	programme
In Allegheny County , 60 % of eligible property owners applied for property tax relief in 2009 .	owners
As part of this , the children will build an Aztec Chinampas rain gain .	gain
According to his IMDb page his credits also include :	page
The panels for the ceiling were all painted in Rubens ' atelier in Antwerp and sent to London by ship .	painted
The pianist on the soundtrack is Reinbert de Leeuw .	soundtrack
Bush organized the Radiation Laboratory ( Rad Lab ) at the MIT to develop applications using it .	applications
During World War II he had built the ' Bob Semple tank ' , made from corrugated iron and a tractor base .	iron
This was a repeat of the contest three years previously with the same result .	contest
A masterwork of Degas ' youth , the painting is a portrait of his aunt , her husband , and their two young daughters .	daughters
He was a headmaster by profession before entering the Lykke Government in 1926 .	entering
One firefighter and two prison guards also suffered lesser injuries .	injuries
Pleasant Valley is an unincorporated community in Elko County , Nevada , United States .	unincorporated
He captained Glenelg in 1966 , to a wooden spoon , before retiring at the end of the season .	wooden
Maude cancelled the attack when he found that the British line had been restored and the village could only be attacked from the north-west .	restored
Many fear the weak Eritrean economy is not improving like those of other African nations while others say Ethiopia is bogged down in Mogadishu .	economy
It turned out that schools in this district had inflated their test scores by preventing low-achieving students from taking the tests .	tests
On the ensuing play Grant Gregory found Collin Klein alone in the endzone for a 16-yard touchdown pass and a 38-0 lead at halftime .	touchdown
While this student does not have voting powers on the Board , they do serve as a voice for the students of the district .	powers
This competition has been running since 2010 , and in 2018 comprises two divisions .	divisions
The critically endangered wild Bactrian ( " C. ferus " ) is found only in remote areas of northwest China and Mongolia .	northwest
She was Princess Nastassya Massalskaya , who received excellent education in Paris and was loved and respected for her intelligence , noble and independent character .	intelligence
Issues included the large amount of material needed to make the disc and also the energy to launch it to its orbit .	launch
In 1981 , he finally obtained permission to operate what would become TVS , in São Paulo .	operate
It was attacked with a knife by Gerard Jan van Bladeren in 1986 and restored by Daniel Goldreyer in 1991 .	restored
And so , the avid couch potato did not really have a 360 degree perspective of Bollywood .	really
With effect from the 2016 / 17 season , the seated capacity at Holm Park is 170 , with undercover standing for a further 300 spectators .	standing
He was then released on bail and have been admitted to a local rehabilitation center .	admitted
Two years after her first promotion , Xue was once again promoted ; this time to Capital Club 's director of China .	promotion
The vessel called at St Helena on the return journey , arriving London in May 1818 with 560 casks of whale oil .	vessel
God foreknew all those he would save and that some people are destined for eternal damnation .	save
A third collection of poetry , " The Departure " , was published by Salt in 2012 .	poetry
The performance of the fighting triplanes was soon overtaken by improved biplane fighters .	improved
This mode of operation was first experimentally reported in the lateral four-layer device ( SCR ) by B. W. Scharf and J. D. Plummer in 1978 .	device
" H-9 " was launched on 23 November 1918 and commissioned on 25 November with Lieutenant Clarke Withers in command .	commissioned
The Settlement totals approximately $ 2 billion , and includes financial compensation , a truth commission , and support services .	commission
Alan Thornhill 's method for working with clay abandons the maquette , seeing it as " ultimately deadening to creativity " .	ultimately
Given these three laws Marx explains how the productiveness of labor , being the variable , changes the magnitude of labor-value .	laws
In 1713 the missions were handed over to the " secular clergy " .	missions
This method assigns probabilities to individual map grid squares , then updates these as the search progresses .	search
Traditionally Oberbilk was a working class borough containing heavy industry .	containing
" Falls ( Violet ) " is a ballad with a sketchy country music feel .	feel
" " Baraita " " can thus also designate collections of such traditions .	collections
This was followed by the shooting of unarmed protestors in Utmanzai and the Takkar Massacre followed by the Hathikhel massacre .	shooting
He also finished as second top-scorer in the 2014 Prime League , scoring 16 goals for the reserve side .	reserve
Since the first part of ρ is 3 , look for border strips that consist of 3 boxes .	look
The 1985 King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes was a horse race held at Ascot Racecourse on Saturday 27 July 1985 .	horse
Cantrell had to sell his Seattle house to fund the album and produced it himself .	sell
The two kiss and Darla tries to convince Angel to let her make him happy .	tries
Air and artillery strikes were called in on the retreating VC and estimates of the dead ranged from 12 to 62 killed .	artillery
On the demos , Phillips ' solos featured tapping and shredding , something that he realized was due to simply wanting " gnarly solos . "	something
According to artist Jeeva , the management of the Raja Theatre built a replica of Mount Kailash to promote " Thiruvilaiyadal " .	promote
Christophe Dominici was born in Toulon and by his own account had a difficult sometimes turbulent childhood .	childhood
The following week , he collected a season-high eight solo tackles in the Broncos ' 30 – 20 loss at the Oakland Raiders .	collected
This occurs for example in the Musey area increasingly as one travels from Leou towards Pala , Gounou Gaya and Fianga .	increasingly
The BLT is the difference of the temperature-defined MLD minus the density-defined value ( i.e .	difference
Ochi picks up flowers from inside a box and throws them .	flowers
It depends on physical activity , age , health issues , and environmental conditions .	environmental
Debussy was Satie 's closest friend for over 20 years , but their relations were growing strained at this time and would end bitterly in 1917 .	relations
It has been superseded by HISAT2 , which is more efficient and accurate and provides the same core functionality ( spliced alignment of RNA-Seq reads ) .	core
They had one child , Jennifer Lane Connolly , who is currently a documentary producer .	documentary
Development partners work with the Rwandan Government to set and achieve targets outlined in the National Strategic Plan 2013 – 2018 .	achieve
He previously served as junior Minister for Agriculture , Fisheries & Animal Rights .	junior
Further changes to the engine included an aluminum / titanium alloy head and a magnesium valve cover to keep the weight down .	weight
The pharaoh 's regalia , for example , represented his power to maintain order .	maintain
The forewing is narrow and blackish-brown .	narrow
In 2005 , Swensen wrote a book called " Unconventional Success , " which is an investment guide for the individual investor .	investment
The first explorers arrived in 1553 looking for gold .	looking
The runestone was uncovered in 1932 during trenchwork and moved approximately 60 meters away from a road to its present location in 1951 .	meters
Generally , political warfare is distinguished by its hostile intent and through potential escalation ; but the loss of life is an accepted consequence .	distinguished
After his initial appearance in " Motormouth " , Killpower went on to gain a self-titled limited series .	gain
- Don Poncher - drums , vocals	vocals
After Emperor Palpatine dissolves the Galactic Senate , Tarkin and Darth Vader are charged with pursuing and destroying the Rebel Alliance .	charged
Kennebago Divide is a mountain located in Maine 's Franklin and Oxford counties .	counties
Takács painted and exhibited a portrait of each artist as well .	painted
European Champion 1995 in Birmingham in the 86 kg categorie , 4 times Dutch champion , Winner Tournoi de Paris in 2000 in the 81 kg category .	category
Published in 1952 , the book was a significant success and is now considered a pioneering effort exploring relentless police work and attention to detail .	effort
The following singles " Come On , Come On , Come On " and " If It Takes a Lifetime " were released shortly after .	shortly
The franchise was originally going to be called the Honolulu Warriors , but a local team had trademarked that name .	franchise
It is about one hour away from the second largest city Portsmouth .	hour
The Remparts tied the series at 2-2 with a 4-3 OT victory in Game 4 .	tied
This marine species occurs off Puerto Rico ; Saint Thomas , U.S. Virgin Islands and the Virgin Islands .	marine
As late as 1971 , its well-known reports were produced on onion-skin paper with a gold staple in the corner .	corner
Another local delicacy is " pishoo " made from rose water ( golab ) and agar agar .	rose
The militias enjoy significant local support , with civilians giving them food , informing them on troop movements , or outright assisting them in carrying out attacks .	carrying
Sheriff were the first club in Moldova to sign players from Brazil and Africa .	sign
She came back on courts after eight months in November in a couple of ITF tournaments , yet with poor results .	courts
The board seemed to split between a Communist left and Socialist right wings , with a small number of centrists tipping the balance .	wings
Zapp crashes the ship into the planet Amazonia , where the Amazonians , a race of giant , muscular , tribal women , capture them .	capture
This list of Canadian university leaders includes the chancellors and vice-chancellors of Canadian universities .	universities
These blocks form a very complex mixture or mélange of rocks that include mainly serpentinite , basalt , dolerite and chert ( e.g .	blocks
There are a number of methods for mitigating the effects of the contaminant metals :	methods
Though he had little knowledge of English , Horák moved to Canada to join the Bruins for the 2009 – 10 WHL season .	knowledge
With advances in material manufacturing and technology , butterfly valves could be made smaller and withstand more-extreme temperatures .	manufacturing
The winner will promote also to LEB Oro .	promote
Walls are usually stuccoed and painted in earth tones .	painted
In September 2004 , Judd received considerable media attention due to her wearing a revealing red Tarvydas dress to the Brownlow Medal presentation .	considerable
The new Department consisted of several sections – Administrative , African , Press , Films and Photographs , Provincial Organizations and Information and Reference .	sections
The Ulam are a tribe of cavemen who possess fire in the form of a carefully guarded small flame which they use to start larger bonfires .	tribe
but there was no organised trade or centres of production beyond this .	beyond
The sulfur mine " Mandra " , today inactive , is located in the municipality .	mine
Hefner 's model is described in a 1988 paper and was later extended to a thermo-electrical model which include the IGBT 's response to internal heating .	internal
He earned a bachelor of arts degree from Harvard College in 1896 and graduated from Harvard Law School in 1900 .	arts
The examining boards currently offering FSMQs are OCR and AQA .	offering
Over time , different botanists have held different views on the affinities of the genus " Roridula " .	views
One of the women was given a six-year jail term for trafficking 23 women to Bahrain for prostitution , by the Russian courts in June 2017 .	courts
He was also skilled in puppeteering with his bare hands .	hands
Over 1.5 million Italian-Americans served in the armed forces during World War II , amounting to some 10 % of American soldiers in total .	armed
The relationship between Superman / Clark Kent and Lois Lane develops and grows over the first two films .	grows
Prentky and Barbaree note that Blanchard et al .	note
If it is solely on the sales performance of the company , which is not much influenced by the employee , it is a bonus .	influenced
Published copies of IBR are available in print format at the Ivey Business School or on the publication 's website .	publication
The aisle is also lit by three three-light windows , c.1883 , on the north wall .	windows
By the early 20th century massive deforestation was causing problems such as desertification , erosion , flooding from unimpeded runoff and more .	causing
For the 2008-09 school year , the program was offered in 143 schools reaching 66,973 students across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania .	reaching
Juliette Noel Toussaint was the wife of Pierre Toussaint and both consecrated their lives to helping the poor and doing charitable work .	doing
Artificial neural networks , depending on type , may or may not take into account the timing of inputs .	depending
Such way in the former royal salon furniture came to Rojtokmuzsaj .	royal
It opened on March 16 , 2017. as part of the line 's current southwestward extension from Park Pobedy .	extension
Satraplatin is being developed for the treatment of men with chemorefractory HRPC for several reasons .	reasons
Islam was introduced in Somalia in the 7th century when the Muslim Arabs fled from the persecution of the Pagan Quraysh tribe .	tribe
The memorial was erected -08 to honour Friederich Detleip Andreas Carstens , a Port Douglas publican and former Douglas Divisional Board Chairman .	erected
In other words , we can say that the solutions for achieving the goals and anti-goals were not provided by the NPA scholars explicitly .	scholars
The riding has existed several times :	existed
Women obtaining the necessary score also received a special certificate instead of the BA degree with honours .	necessary
They escape and then encounter a rainbow which they smash through .	escape
By definition , the Thom spectrum is a sequence of Thom spaces	sequence
Other impurities in the mineral composition include niobium and silicon .	composition
Wright Island Beach ( 35 ° 34 ' 55.45 " S 138 ° 36 ' 29.24 " E ) is a small beach located on Wright Island .	beach
Many countries tightened their borders , issued warnings to custom officials , quarantined travelers , and issued travel advisories .	officials
In Thailand , the government of Field Marshal Plaek Pibulsonggram issued a series of cultural standards between 1939 and 1942 .	standards
With the slaves thus contained , Glaber was content to wait until starvation forced the slaves to surrender .	contained
Despite his improved performance , he was left off of the postseason roster .	improved
The situation of both the customer and supplier organizations has a lot of influence in the success of the Information Service acquisition process .	situation
For rank insignia , Paramedics and dispatchers who hold the position of Unit Chief or Charge Dispatcher wear a black epaulette with three gold stripes .	rank
This standing space was often called the " ishi uchi tana " or " stone throwing shelf " .	standing
Her death touched the neighbourhood greatly and several memorials were placed in the two Sorauren parks .	greatly
It enabled prominent members of the service user / survivor movement to publish their work in a textbook for the first time .	user
He also published a collection of the papers of his father and of the Henri , comte de Chambord :	papers
The HFV6 was first designed , tested and produced in a joint program by Cadillac and Holden .	joint
Her printing house is notable for producing numerous early music prints .	producing
Forensic examination found 150 different sets of finger and palm prints in the flat .	flat
Since the opening of the bar , the Group have also run a number of well-publicised events at the bar and in other locations across London .	locations
This is unique among the Germanic languages , but the Celtic languages operate in a very similar way .	operate
Thus it was natural to develop the gardens in a terraced form consistent with the surrounding forests .	forests
The entire 475 foot length of the cargo space was open longitudinally through the tunnel and conveyor room .	foot
The Broncos then marched 80 yards to score on Lewis ' 1-yard touchdown run to cut the deficit to 24 – 23 .	touchdown
Stafford moved to California as an adult to work as a television actress .	adult
Hosking is a large collector of steam locomotives , and a shareholder of Crystal Palace F.C ..	steam
It has long become customary for the President 's Weekly Radio Address to be followed by a response from the opposition party .	opposition
Pilot hook-in weight range is .	weight
The story begins when the player , a soldier , falls in love with a mysterious woman .	falls
Symptoms of elaeophorosis were first observed in 1933 , in sheep ( New Mexico ) and mule deer ( Utah ) infested by an unknown nematode worm .	observed
After 6 weeks deliberations , the French courts surrendered jurisdiction and the crew was returned to London for trial at the Old Bailey .	courts
Ibn al-Mudabbir was the family name of two brothers who served in the 9th-century Abbasid court as officials :	officials
However , his career as musician started many years later .	musician
Clearly , residential tariffs in Honduras are below the regional average .	residential
Senator Paul went on to sponsor and propose the bill in the 112th congress as S.3360 on June 28 , 2012 .	bill
In 1999 , Mexico won its first official FIFA tournament by becoming the first host nation to win the FIFA Confederations Cup .	nation
He was asked to withdraw , and did so on the second request , but he returned three days later , on 21 July 1851 .	request
By the early 20th century , many regarded the song unsuitable as a national anthem .	regarded
In March 2013 , the company scored a large export order when Ethiopia purchased $ 100 million worth of tractors .	worth
That is a Babe Bee without a tank , but a venturi and needle valve relying on an external fuel tank .	fuel
However , the landing turned out to be unopposed .	landing
If the scalars have the commutative property , then all four matrices are equal .	equal
During the Qing dynasty ( 1644 – 1911 ) , people usually called it " Kaiyuan Temple " ( ) which is still use now .	dynasty
Troops that had arrived from the continent either returned to Holland or France once the situation had abated .	situation
To implement swing beats , he delayed the playback of alternate sixteenth notes .	notes
The line will span with elevated and underground .	underground
The highest performance is achieved with fuel of 30 % or more nitro content .	fuel
It began as a township formed by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on April 8 , 1867 , from portions of Harrison Township .	township
On August 1 , 1954 , the Miami Herald publicly unveiled the new city plan , calling Plantation " The City of the Future " .	calling
In 2010 , he split time between Double-A and AAA , compiling a record of 8-6 in 19 starts .	starts
However , in 1913 he went to work for his father as an assistant and by the mid-1920s had several Greentree Stable horses under his exclusive conditioning .	horses
The 5.2-litre twin-turbocharged V12 engine is uprated and produces at 6,500 rpm and of torque from 1,800 – 5,000 rpm .	produces
Because of the assistance , El Guerrouj 's ability in a strategic race was suspect .	assistance
Williams had seven interceptions as a senior , which rank second on Washburn 's single-season list .	rank
The body of the Nunchuk measures long , wide , and thick .	measures
Hernandez was a member of the William Nicholas Selig stock company , which pioneered filmmaking in Southern California .	stock
In November 2011 , after their studio was robbed , the band announced on their blog that they would no longer be performing as Oh No Ono .	performing
In the lesser wax moth species , the males engage in signaling behavior while the females engage in searching roles .	behavior
The demolition of Mile High Stadium began in January 2002 , an event covered extensively by local newspapers and broadcast live on television .	newspapers
After the experience of being a Reinhardt player , deHavilland felt disappointed being assigned these routine heroine roles .	felt
For a more detailed station listing , see the articles on the lines listed above .	articles
A Portuguese mission arrived in Ndongo in 1520 but local disputes and perhaps Kongo pressure forced the missionaries to withdraw .	perhaps
Tactile pavings are installed at all raised stops on Highway 97 .	installed
Recently , Xerox has discontinued selling solid ink printers .	selling
4199774 was issued in 1980 , and B1 Re33209 was reissued in 1995 for the IGBT mode operation in the four-layer device ( SCR ) .	device
Avani is known for the Sita temple situated on a hill .	hill
This types of shots are most usually used in free kicks , corner kicks and shots on goal .	corner
The results of the joint team are part of the Austria Wien football history .	joint
The plot is complicated by several facts :	plot
When the muscles of the body signal for the need for glycogen degradation and increased glucose concentration , PP1 will be regulated accordingly .	signal
The coverage later expanded into art , design , Asian American issues , travel , and much more .	coverage
The problem affected 20 Chicago wards that were predominantly African-American .	affected
In the work " Nuzhat al-Qolub " ( ) , the medieval geographer Hamdallah Mustawfi wrote :	medieval
In August , Hurricane Flossie formed in the eastern Pacific and crossed into the central Pacific ; the hurricane threatened Hawaii but caused little damage .	threatened
The vessel was approximately 40 m long and has been predicted to be around 600 tonnes .	vessel
" Sri Lankan women 's cricket team in New Zealand in 2015 – 16	cricket
The existing route is a regional road with two traffic lanes .	existing
Located in the Debubawi Zone at the eastern edge of the Ethiopian highlands , Raya Azebo is part of the Southern Tigray Region .	edge
The dorsal surface is felted with grey hairs , and a cottony secretion covers the body ; the eyes are red .	eyes
In August 2011 , Tanner became warden of Cranmer Hall , Durham , a Church of England theological college in the Open Evangelical tradition .	tradition
The biggest hit , however , was the rockabilly roof-shaker " Paint the Town and Hang the Moon Tonight , " which climbed to No .	biggest
AK-01 is a delta-proteobacterium capable of utilizing C13-C18 alkanes as growth substrates ( So et al . , 1999 ) .	capable
The upper portion of the stem is encircled by leaf sheaths , forming a green portion known as the crownshaft which is normally long .	forming
One reason that students discard this amount of food has to do with à la carte lines and vending machines .	reason
Marx cites the assembly of a carriage as an example of the first way this is brought about .	assembly
It has landing points in :	landing
Apa had previously stated he would " wait and see " how long he stayed on the show .	stayed
Grover Hot Springs State Park is located at in the northern Sierra Nevada , at the edge of the Great Basin .	edge
It starred Gertrude Lawrence and featured Clifton Webb and Walter Catlett .	starred
" My personal reality growing up was very much conservative , hetero-normative , white , and Christian .	reality
It ’ s about how you move , all the things you do to get ready . ' "	things
The porch also terminates in a pyramidal roof .	roof
The series follows them as they fight to protect King and country .	protect
The verse reads as follows , with the word " erva " being translated to nakedness .	translated
The fourth , Paul Atkins , was deemed " unfit to stand trial . "	stand
The Indians compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) Central division .	compete
The long white wool fleece weighs 4-7 kilos , is about 130 mm long and averages about 30 microns in fibre diameter .	diameter
Young left-handed conductors are , however , sometimes encouraged to learn right-handed conducting .	learn
In April , Ethiopia acknowledged that it was supporting rebel groups inside Eritrea .	supporting
It is a two-story stuccoed building , with a gabled terra cotta roof .	roof
Many of the origin myths for tea are found in Chinese mythology , and the first verifiable records for tea consumption also point towards China .	origin
Shipping Board as redundant to needs .	needs
During the late 20th and early 21st centuries , interest in Italian language and culture has surged among Italian Americans .	centuries
" H-6 " was launched on 26 August 1918 , and commissioned on 9 September with Lieutenant Robert P. Lucker in command .	commissioned
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to eventual silver medalist Jack Wilson .	eliminated
Many small protests occurred but , by 1950 , others were considering more radical forms of resistance .	resistance
Dushara is known first from epigraphic Nabataean sources who invariably spell the name " dwsrʾ " , the Nabataean script denoting only consonants .	script
While it still allowed for workers to rent or lease their homes from the Government , applicants who were willing to buy were favoured .	homes
Either way , I hope there 'll be a reason to come back .	reason
The tricycle landing gear features main gear suspension .	landing
The project aims to address several major problems in the region .	address
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg ’ s administration chose not to enforce the ordinance .	chose
The child had traveled with his family from Mexico to Brownsville to visit relatives .	traveled
There is an injury covering about on the right side of the cranium .	covering
Taiwanese Canadians are Canadian citizens who originated from Taiwan and are of Taiwanese ancestry .	citizens
A Romanian Argentine is an Argentine citizen of Romanian descent or a Romania-born person who resides in Argentina .	descent
Two extraordinary young pilots engage in a competitive rivalry and also fight over the same girl .	girl
3D materials can be fabricated using a lot of methods like two-photon photolithography , interference lithography and molding .	methods
In 1948 , a team of soldiers from Ft . Lewis in Washington returned to the glacier but were also unable to recover any remains .	unable
WYMS is a non-commercial radio station in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , broadcasting on 88.9 FM .	broadcasting
He then found success in Atlanta , Georgia with his first album " Freak Nasty " , selling close to 300,000 units .	selling
This tournament lasted for five years , however , by the 1960s there was a growing appetite for a similar competition .	lasted
From this position he can try to turn over either toward or away from the aggressor .	toward
Family plots and stones carry many names that are significant in the history of the greater Philadelphia area and the Episcopal Church .	carry
The IM barcode carries a data payload of 31 digits representing the following elements :	representing
Ngwane died in December 1899 while dancing the sacred incwala ceremony at the age of 23 .	ceremony
On the plane ride to London , he imagined how his approach to the role would be .	plane
In 2012 , Van der Sloot was convicted of the May 30 , 2010 , murder of Stephany Flores Ramírez in Lima , Peru .	murder
Limited repairs in the designated repair zone during the race are permitted .	zone
Aided by his friends , Simba sneaks past the hyenas at Pride Rock and confronts Scar , who had just struck Sarabi .	struck
In November 2013 he appeared in the one-off 50th anniversary comedy homage " The Five ( ish ) Doctors Reboot " .	anniversary
For example , states Ramanujan , Mahadeviyakka mentions karma and resulting chain of rebirths that are cut short by bhakti to Shiva .	chain
The 15 member Tobago House of Assembly has limited autonomy with respect to Tobago .	respect
Ultimately , a location bordering the North Florida Fairgrounds on the south side of town was selected for this purpose .	purpose
Literally , the name translates as " noodles carried on a pole " , but may be better translated as " peddler 's noodles " .	translated
On-the-ice celebration is usually reserved for the winners of a major tournament after winning the final game of the championship .	winners
In those days the McCormack was the name of a powerful Sept ( Clan or Family ) in the county of Longford .	powerful
Interviews with the playing staff , management staff and promotional videos are also to be produced and uploaded to the channel too .	videos
Dascoli took criticism for his late-season ejection of Roy Campanella during a game in the 1951 pennant race .	criticism
Finn , therefore , decides to purposely lose the game for Jake ’ s sake .	decides
The variance term enters the expression due to Feller 's paradox .	expression
between the data memory and floating-point processing unit .	memory
Brick carvings in the Chen Clan Ancestral Hall lie on the inner walls of each great halls .	walls
While his view became standard , he also caused the first reaction against the practice .	reaction
The administrative division of France is currently in debate .	debate
The most popular " national " flag of the period was the 1831 Federation Flag , also designed by Nicholson .	flag
The Nyole speak Olunyole and occupy Bunyore in Vihiga district .	speak
Arizmendi also saw the anti-clerical movement of the post-Revolutionary governments as an attack on a central part of her Mexican identity .	identity
In 1831 he was a union leader in a strike over the length of the working day .	strike
North Korea has won eleven of these encounters , while the South has won just one , and there has been one draw .	eleven
Chinua rejoined them soon afterwards in Ogidi .	afterwards
The city is divided into 36 electoral wards .	electoral
He served with distinction aboard the submarine and participated in eight war patrols in the hostile waters of the Pacific during World War II and on .	waters
About 250 petrol bombs were thrown at RUC officers , who fired plastic bullets in return .	fired
On the west are two older houses now serving as professional offices ; to the east are houses .	offices
Though his bill did not pass his initiative led to amendments to the Criminal Code abolishing capital punishment for several crimes .	bill
A photo reveals that Alex is the twin brother of Sonya , and they both believe themselves to be descendants of Ivan the Terrible .	believe
An alternative method involves frying the meat by itself until cooked , frying the vegetables separately , then frying everything together .	alternative
Citrus was an important industry when the county was formed , although a decline followed a freeze in 1895 .	decline
A crastinal tense ( abbreviated ) is a future tense applied to a following or subsequent day .	subsequent
On 3 July 1986 Collins was consecrated bishop of Darwin ; he adopted the motto " Cor Unum " ( " one heart " ) .	bishop
Plemelj 's claim that the system can be made Fuchsian at the last point as well is wrong .	claim
Byrd then fired Ragsdale , Wright , and the entire Cherokee Nation Marshal Service .	fired
After Armenia gained independence , the Voratan Cascade belonged to the state-owned energy company Armenergo .	independence
Among the targets are the Chinese and Russian military , but also trade institutions within the European Union .	institutions
Infants may simply ignore stimuli because something like their name , while familiar , holds no higher meaning to them at such a young age .	something
The achieved results were so disappointing that it was only in 1881 that the club returned to the competitions .	competitions
The DVD peaked at number 5 on the ARIA Top 40 Music DVD chart in its third week charting and was certified gold .	peaked
The Vancouver Folk Music Festival documented a reviewer who claimed that Friends of Fiddler 's Green were among the best British bands touring North America	bands
He was survived by his wife , Felicity , and their sons Colin and Michael and families .	survived
He also appeared on a reality television show הסוכנים on the HOT Israeli Entertainment channel ( in Hebrew , הוט בידור ישראלי ) .	reality
" Realitatea TV " is also available via the DTH platform " Digi TV " in Serbia , in the Romanian language extra package .	extra
The left-most 22 slots are available for application modules while the right-most two slots are dedicated to a crate controller .	application
Plato states that " every field of human conduct or investigation may be mathematically modelled . "	investigation
His perfect game featured an unusual 9 – 3 putout , with Worcester right fielder Lon Knight throwing out Cleveland 's Bill Phillips at first .	unusual
Albo ’ s research has focused on translational and health services research in surgical oncology .	focused
It was named after the Italian district of Etruria , home of the Etruscan people who were renowned for their artistic products .	artistic
The Rebels did not made a serious run again until the memorable 2007 season .	serious
Eyelid surgeries are also performed to improve peripheral vision or to treat chalazion , eyelid tumors , ptosis , extropion , trichiasis , and other eyelid-related conditions .	improve
A controversial item during Stabenow 's tenure , has been the renewal and reform of the 2012 U.S. Farm Bill .	reform
The Korean War saw the first widespread use of jet engine-powered fighter aircraft for both sides of a war .	widespread
Business people , diplomats , students , and foreign workers can all be classified as sojourners .	classified
The 2014 championship was also held at the speedway with NSW pair Grant Bond and Glen Cox winning their first national championship .	pair
Colbert subsequently told his viewers to " vote Wexler , the man 's got a sense of humor , unlike , evidently , journalists . "	sense
The Social Democrats were heavily weakened by corruption scandals .	heavily
In the 1970s Davie had the reputation of not being hospitable to Jews .	reputation
The Red Raiders finished the regular season with back-to-back losses , first at Kansas and then to Baylor .	losses
Takács has staged serial projects painting senior citizens and elderly nuns from life .	citizens
It would have required parents to cover their children , but did not require adults to buy insurance .	require
During the winter of 2008 – 09 , Vildanden was forced to land at Sandefjord Airport fifty times due to weather closing Geiteryggen .	weather
Eleven competitors , ten men and one woman , took part in eleven events in six sports .	eleven
In East Belfast , shots were fired at an armoured patrol on Newtownards Road and a burning barricade blocked an access road to the M3 motorway .	fired
Music videos for " Lalalalala " and " Touch Down " were shot in Venice Beach , California .	videos
There are a variety of plane charter companies that fly to Milford Sound .	plane
Her two eldest children , Carol and Elisabeth , accompanied by Prince Michael , were at her deathbed .	accompanied
Modulus and corresponding deck heights are manufactured in steps ( modulus in steps of 25 mm , and effective heights in steps of 50 mm )	effective
A post-World War II real estate boom in South Florida attracted the interest of developers .	attracted
He represented Manawatu at cricket from 1906 to 1935 .	cricket
As soon as she is alone , she instructs the tavern boy to inform Hoard of her arrival .	arrival
Hank Donath was also appointed as the city 's first Police Chief , with the operating costs of the police department covered by cigarette taxes .	costs
It was established by the Sisters of Mercy in 1957 starting with a student roll of only fifteen girls .	girls
Its bureaucracy was cumbersome and decisions were often arrived at only after much argument and circulation of papers .	papers
That cartridge doesn 't have a visible-by-eye EOT / BOT marker so a regular QIC drive will unspool the tape from the wheel .	drive
He was elected as a Republican to the 36th Congress to represent New Jersey 's 5th congressional district .	represent
" Indiana " returned to Puget Sound naval yard for a needed overhaul .	naval
Males , however , are known to occupy small burrows dug between Spinifex clumps , hollow logs and even burrows dug by other animal species .	animal
A special limited edition of the album , sold only at Best Buy , featured a bonus interview disc .	interview
In the late 17th-century in Paris the first public lanterns made their appearance in the centre of the streets .	streets
This causes the player to tilt the mouthpiece unconsciously at an abnormal angle to relieve pressure on the sore area .	causes
These are however only present during a few weeks each year , and likely less important pollinators than the birds .	birds
Their conductive polymer capacitors are favored by many motherboard and power supply manufacturers .	supply
Edward Ferrero became the lieutenant colonel of the 11th New York Militia Regiment , serving for six years in the militia organization .	11th
The number of New Zealand-born Māori also rose from 1,379 in 1971 to 4,445 between 1976 and 1980 .	rose
Beast Wars contained elements from both the G1 cartoon series and comics .	contained
The hallmark for Reaganomics was , in part , the wide-scale deregulation of corporate interests , and tax cuts for the wealthy .	interests
Craig Blais ( born 1978 in Springfield , Massachusetts ) is an American : poet .	poet
Among mammals , the naked mole-rat displays a caste structure similar to the social insects while building extensive burrows that house hundreds of individuals .	extensive
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
There is a triangular blackish-grey spot on the middle of the costa , where a similar faint shade runs to some dorsal suffusion at three-fourths .	spot
He studied law at the universities of Buckingham and Miami .	universities
Later that night he awoke abruptly from sleep and saw the same passage flash in his mind , which was followed by a kensho experience .	mind
The station uses the slogans " Whistle " , a pun on its call letters , " News Power 1040 " and " The News Station " .	letters
The men of Bottleneck who want Frenchie gone head for the hills when she lies to them about a gold discovery there .	want
Events center on a controversy relating to the National Institutes of Health , involving President Bartlet ’ s middle daughter Ellie .	involving
By January 1599 , the army had advanced to Chiang Mai and laid siege to the capital .	laid
His artwork can be found in nearly 500 private collections and museums throughout the world , including the Yad Vashem memorial in Jerusalem .	collections
The opening of this new airfield broke Western Air Express ' monopoly on flights to Las Vegas , allowing other airlines to serve the market .	allowing
The third season of the Flemish version premiered on 7 February 2014 on the vtm television network .	premiered
The mountains of the Alaska , Aleutian and Chigmit Ranges with their glaciers form a second region .	mountains
He would become a librettist , composer , producer , director , author and manager .	composer
Nakamura 's parents , Karen and Ryozo , were each competitive in international judo competitions .	competitions
Control of the new sport became a point of contention between CV Productions and the PSAC .	sport
Some improvisational writing is collaborative , focusing on an almost dadaist form of collaborative fiction .	fiction
Green agreed the term would be useful for research purposes but disagreed with efforts to include it in the DSM-5 .	purposes
In the 1990s , Clark proposes marriage to Lois and reveals his identity as Superman to her .	identity
The tail was short and stout , providing the power for a sudden change in direction while the fish was swimming .	providing
This quintessential Chicago ward committeeman took the cigar out of his mouth and glared at me and said , " Who sent you ? "	mouth
Here young preachers gathered round him , among them being William Jemmat , who later edited his works .	edited
In this form he will seduce a young lady and take her to the wilderness where he will lie with her and ejaculate cold semen .	cold
This was his first contribution to the franchise , leading a younger staff .	franchise
Four weeks later Vimal Shah resigned his position as CEO .	resigned
A white cross on the cliff commemorates the death of a boy scout in 1941 .	cross
" < / nowiki > < / poem > — Shakespeare , " The Tempest " ( 4.1.108-109 ; 116 – 17 )	poem
There were initially planned to be AM services ; however , they eventually manifested as FM ones .	ones
The school employed 36 teachers , yielding a student – teacher ratio of 10 : 1 .	teachers
It was not hard for the partners to raise money to buy their first ship , with most of the capital being raised in Wales .	raise
In the west the German Halligen are protected from the open sea by the North Frisian Barrier Island .	protected
US Patent Re.33209 was issued for the device concept .	device
The hamlet became connected with a stone paved road when in 1935 a road made out of clinker brick was constructed between Knegsel and Veldhoven .	brick
In 2005 , he donated it to Ryerson University in Toronto .	donated
NBC stated that doing so would allow advertisers to amortize their expenses through additional airplay during the Olympics .	doing
Karl begins to resent her spending time with Jeremy and becomes jealous when he sees a young , attractive man going into Jeremy 's office .	sees
He was elected commander of The American Legion 's Department of Virginia in 1951 , and National Commander in 1956 .	commander
He was meant to make " Rock 'n'Roll Girl " for AIP in December 1957 .	meant
There was also a ten-day expedition in 2004 .	expedition
This list is organized by symbol type and is intended to facilitate finding an unfamiliar symbol by its visual appearance .	visual
Morphological differences between Zambian and Namibian Fwe :	differences
At the end of the video , Crow ends up covered in mud thrown around by the racing cars .	racing
In Chicago , a 19-year-old female beachgoer was fined US $ 100 for wearing a topless swimsuit on a public beach .	beach
For this discovery he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine in 1930 , and many other blood groups have been discovered since .	blood
The DEP has a workforce of over 6,000 employees .	employees
The area is by far the largest in population and in area size of any of the divisions in Hokowhitu .	divisions
Imo 's Pizza is a U.S. chain of pizza restaurants based in the greater St. Louis , Missouri area .	chain
In 1941 the castle was given to the State by Sir Michael Duff .	castle
Van der Sloot stated that he attempted to revive her , without success .	attempted
The Japanese company Shin-Etsu Chemical began mass production of silicone in 1953 .	mass
From 1933 until the onset of the Second World War the aerodrome was the first Norwich Airport , with four grass landing strips .	landing
In 2004 , ahead of the game 's release , Paramount Pictures announced that they had reached an agreement concerning the film rights for the game .	ahead
While the hashtag was trending , Park 's efforts were widely criticized by the media .	criticized
Ava 's sister Tota was Count Sunyer 's second wife and Raymond was thus married to the niece of his step-mother , perhaps through her arrangement .	perhaps
In 1986 , SKiN GRAFT was begun by Mark Fischer and Rob Syers as a small-scale publisher of bizarre comic books and fanzines .	comic
Historically , there has been a limit of 2-swimmers per country per individual event , and one ( 1 ) relay team per country per relay event .	limit
However , problems filming the alien in Mexico led the makeup effects responsibilities to be given to Stan Winston .	makeup
Snedeker was back to his consistent ways in the 2015 PGA Tour season with frequent places in the top-10 of events .	ways
Shine Wrestling is an all-female professional wrestling promotion which was founded in mid – 2012 .	promotion
The College Board reported that statewide scores were : 494 in reading , 504 in math and 482 in writing .	reading
The game was later announced as a launch title for the Nintendo Switch worldwide on March 3 , 2017 .	launch
The hotel was owned by his father-in-law Juan Rodríguez and sold in 1858 .	hotel
The style is persistent on the fruit with white feathery hairs , functioning as a wind-dispersal agent .	fruit
The factory produced 5,540 Vickers Wellingtons and 235 Avro Lancasters .	factory
The city gave its name to the textile fabric of osnaburg ( note : " -burg " means " borough " ) .	note
Amos chose to record the album in a church because it was about searching for an energy current ,	chose
Most of these Friends are evangelical and are affiliated with Evangelical Friends Church International .	affiliated
The full life is printed in the ' Acta Sanctorum , ' and abbreviations of it are given by Capgrave and Surius .	printed
Beyond the " Z " point the impedance is again largely inductive and continues to rise gradually .	rise
Her statement said that she passed messages between Hodson and Dale .	statement
He also called for tougher action on kerb-crawling and drug abuse .	drug
During the remainder of 1976 , the amphibious assault ship conducted trials , tests , and shakedown in the southern California operating area .	tests
George Frazier ( 1911 – 1974 ) was an American journalist .	journalist
There are a number of eligibility conditions in order for a flat to be purchased .	flat
The judge then reveals that Carmen Ottoman was his mother .	judge
The port is a hub for ships in the southern Atlantic : it is located along one of the busiest shipping corridors in the world .	port
Carlson started her cooking career at Star Anise restaurant ( now closed ) , as a garde manger .	restaurant
The village falls under Nihalapur gram panchayat .	falls
He was responsible for most of the early- to mid-twentieth-century ecclesiastical stained glass in Northern Ireland .	glass
Senator Levin supported a Patients ' Bill of Rights to reduce the ability of managed care organizations to affect medical decisions .	reduce
" P. ramosa " is an obligate pathogen and it can only grow inside its host .	grow
list 9 families or orders it was placed in , or allied with , between 1873 and 1974 .	orders
György proposes changes to the scale to make it more harmonious .	scale
In concluding this agreement Næss got assistance from Standard Oil Company of New Jersey .	assistance
In July 2013 Selfa moved to another reserve team , CA Osasuna B also in the fourth level .	reserve
On 7 February 1931 , the Kuomintang executed 23 Communists in Longhua , including three women , one pregnant .	executed
Many of his novels have also been published in other countries including England , the Netherlands , Spain , France , Italy , Germany , and Japan .	novels
Licensed to Camden , Tennessee , United States , the station is currently owned by Community Broadcasting Services and features programming from Citadel Media .	programming
She is also affiliated with the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi .	affiliated
Marilyn Monroe appeared in one of her earliest roles .	earliest
Political instability and Germany 's financial weakness in the early 1920s delayed construction of the ship , and she was launched on 7 January 1925 .	1920s
The technology is available in three varieties : " positive " pulse , " negative " pulse , and " continuous wave " .	negative
It also allows the architecture of an individual service to emerge through continuous refactoring .	architecture
A Bayesian search methodology was adopted .	search
In that test , the Brickell Racing car prepared by PDM Racing continued its role as a ' mule ' for USAC 's drivers test .	prepared
World record holder Paula Radcliffe and 2007 World Champion Luke Kibet are among the past winners .	winners
He helped raise money to defend the colonies during the Seven Years ' War .	raise
In March 1972 Scott 's friend Gwen Parry-Jones died ; Scott used the inquest to denounce Thorpe for ruining his life and driving Parry-Jones to her death .	driving
" Shaun the Sheep Movie " was well-received , with an approval rating of 99 % on the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes .	rating
Some television series transfer in the other direction .	transfer
The municipality had previously also been known as " Frantsila " in Swedish documents , but is today referred to as " Rantsila " also in Swedish .	documents
Both the science fiction series " Doctor Who " and " Blake 's 7 " have become short-lived radio series .	fiction
It has attracted numerous immigrants from Haiti and Guatemala as workers , stimulating growth of the population and changing the town 's demographics .	attracted
This is the secret doctrine of Shiva , the Reality .	secret
He is also a member of the UK Conservative Party and has expressed a desire to foment stronger links with the United Kingdom Conservative Party .	expressed
The first order was from James Humphreys of Barrow-in-Furness , for six furnaces diameter and long .	diameter
Thus the Orthodox Church does not use the term " infallible " to discuss the works of any bishop or council .	bishop
A pull buoy or leg float is a figure-eight shaped piece of closed-cell foam used in swim workouts .	piece
He was instrumental in establishing the first fire department in Rockford in 1855 , where he was named the first chief engineer .	engineer
This allows the individuals to monitor and show ownership over their areas .	ownership
The design of his balance lock formed the basis for a patent application , number 2284 , which he obtained in 1798 .	application
He was asked by director Tim Minear to write music that was " epochy .	write
It was the first tropical cyclone to threaten the New Orleans area after the destructive 2005 hurricane season and Hurricane Katrina .	tropical
The " Circinus " has been chartered by J.J. Moore of San Francisco to carry a full cargo of lumber to Australia .	carry
The villagers had a very deep well , and used animals to draw water from it .	deep
In April 2011 , Taiga Ishikawa was elected to the Toshima assembly , becoming the first openly gay man to win an election in Japanese history .	assembly
a new type of charge density wave , a " d " -form factor density wave , was predicted for	factor
Ross ran as a candidate of the Manitoba Conservative Party in the southwestern riding of Arthur for the provincial elections of 1927 , 1932 and 1936 .	provincial
Colligo Contributor is an award-winning proprietary software package aimed at businesses , developed by Colligo Networks of Vancouver , British Columbia .	businesses
A boundary is an imperfection in the crystal structure and as such is associated with a certain quantity of energy .	boundary
de Crespigny Said she jumped at the chance to play the " mysterious " Olivia .	chance
Thus in practice to avoid committing this offence a prostitute who works in private must work alone .	avoid
" Escape from the Citadel " featured the introduction of Finn 's father , Martin .	introduction
" Bridge Tavern " , James Joyce Pub Award , July 12th , 2011 < br >	12th
The establishment of IUT in Dhaka , Bangladesh was then approved by the foreign ministers .	establishment
Angel , Cordelia , Connor and Wesley venture to a subterranean tunnel filled with traps , and Angel acquires the sword .	filled
In the second half of the 20th century , some people used custom clear plastic covers for expensive sofas and chairs to protect them .	protect
( the joke here is that Michael has no real friends or family , and his employees serve as reluctant surrogates ) .	employees
The Post- " Crisis " Vartox seems to be of a much lower power level .	seems
The ability to premeiotically duplicate chromosomes would be selected for in this scenario as it would be the only option for successful reproduction .	option
Successive dynasties in ancient Odisha 's Kalinga or Tri Kalinga region were tolerant and secular in their governance over all the existing religions with Vedic roots .	existing
Barker with Co . K to bring in the gun , which he did in the face of a galling fire .	bring
carrying a quantum of Z gauge flux , and visons can only	carrying
A single small tea shop is available in the campus .	shop
Voters in those neighborhoods rejected the proposal by a 3-to-1 margin .	rejected
Transmitting equipment was put into storage between broadcasts .	storage
Hastein appears in the contemporary sources later than Björn and could hardly , for chronological reasons , be his foster-father .	reasons
On March 11 , 2013 Nancy Wake 's ashes were scattered in a small wood outside Montluçon .	wood
The Urdaneta exit served as the expressway 's northern terminus until the extension to Binalonan opened .	extension
Other teachers included Toru Takemitsu , Arnold Franchetti , Goffredo Petrassi and Earle Brown .	teachers
When he finds her standing outside the terminal she confesses that she has just been robbed and is trapped in the city .	standing
Southern European Mediterranean climates have favored evergreen and deciduous forests .	forests
The school employed teachers , yielding a student – teacher ratio of 9 : 1 .	teachers
He died on 18 November 1966 in the Bahamas due to a bathing accident , his wife Muriel having predeceased him in 1965 .	accident
Eating grass may aid digestion , dislodge hair in the intestines , induce vomiting to get rid of ingested toxins , relieve throat inflammation and stomach irritation .	hair
Beside thorium cerianite- ( Ce ) may contain trace niobium , yttrium , lanthanum , ytterbium , zirconium and tantalum .	contain
Hesperian lavas are younger than the rocks in the heavily cratered Noachian terrains but older than rocks formed during the more recent Amazonian Period .	heavily
2001 Sonoton opens a new digital 5.1 music recording studio in Munich and presents library DVDs with 5.1 mixes of large orchestral recordings .	recordings
The player is presented with two choices , to kill or spare Setsuna .	kill
Stanković then passed every age category at his hometown club .	category
According to exit polls , Donald Trump won the Mormon vote , 51-39 , over Evan McMullin , with Clinton getting only 14 % .	getting
According to Bill Wilkinson , OSS was already building a word processor , but stopped when " The Writer 's Tool " was submitted .	stopped
It is for this reason that she was chosen as the Mother Confessor at an unusually young age .	reason
During the reign of the Sultan Murad II the competences of the caliph were transferred to the " grand mufti " .	reign
About 40 plastic bullets were fired at rioters , and about 18 people had to be hospitalised .	fired
As Asashōryū never obtained Japanese citizenship , he was not eligible to stay in the sumo world as an " oyakata " , or coach .	stay
According to Giorgio Vasari , Lippi executed the upper part of the painting .	executed
All of his enterprises integrate an artistic approach .	artistic
Shortly after his motion , he organized a Knickerbockers meeting to discuss the fly rule and " obtain a reconsideration " of the newly passed resolution .	motion
In November 2017 Baraka was accused of violating campaign finance rules , mainly for non-disclosure , by the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission .	accused
Beggars Ride is a 1996 science fiction novel by American writer Nancy Kress .	fiction
Before the leader could catch Luyendyk , a second caution came out when Joe Gosek , running in 17th place , spun and crashed in Turn 4 .	17th
Her father was an architectural model maker and her mother was an Avon lady and a doll maker .	architectural
He then connected on a 23-yard strike to Jake Williams over two defenders to cut the deficit to 24-23 .	strike
Two tornadoes touched down in Kiowa and Caddo counties , with the prior tracking , resulting in minimal damage .	counties
MicroRNAs are one class of molecules that contribute to this environmental fluctuation for the tumour .	environmental
Among Sheikh Muhammad Rashid ’ s most distinguished students , we can mention the followings .	distinguished
The channel features a variety of soap operas , game shows , newscasts , films and shows of general entertainment .	entertainment
Magnesium bromide can be synthesized by reacting hydrobromic acid with magnesium oxide and crystallizing the product .	acid
A True Whig Party member , he was the 13th President of Liberia , serving from 1896 to 1900 .	13th
The troops used their weapons within the purview of their mission and only when forced to do so .	weapons
He said that the extension of the toll road business to Laoag has been raised during the Arroyo administration .	extension
On the basis of this ethnic division , the country has , most of the time , remained divided into two principalities .	ethnic
Batetsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
There have been several instances of severe adverse effects including death .	severe
The documentary received a special mention at the Houston International WorldFest Film Festival in 2004 .	documentary
Duren would go on to score in double figures in 27 of the seasons 31 games .	figures
spatialization ) from natural space ( ' absolute space ' ) to more complex spaces and flows whose meaning is produced in a social way ( i.e .	flows
Even among the relationships between Grant and Russell and Bellamy and Russell , the relationships are positioned within a larger frame of the male dominated newsroom .	frame
The affected student had not attended any classes since falling ill and has an apparently mild case of the disease that does not appear life-threatening .	affected
The goal is to make the function of providing food aesthetically joyful .	providing
That station would eventually drop the 6 : 30 show for an unknown reason .	reason
They owned approximately forty villages in the Bashgul valley and numbered about 40,000 ( 1890 ) .	valley
It became the first of Lopez 's 17 top ten hits in that country .	hits
In the US , the album peaked at No .	peaked
In his first two years at Texas Tech Hadnot played tight end where he was a capable pass-catcher and solid blocker .	capable
In addition , an increasing number of single parents were said to be opting to work as prostitutes to provide for their families .	increasing
K12 has contributed money to organizations like Pennsylvania Families for Public Cyber Schools , which lobbied for online schools .	contributed
Tu Laung and his Siamese army laid siege to Chiang Mai .	laid
Along with David Cutcliffe 's return to Tennessee as offensive coordinator in 2006 , Meachem , Swain and quarterback Erik Ainge all turned in career seasons .	offensive
Van Zyl 's golden mole ( " Cryptochloris zyli " ) is a golden mole endemic to the Western Cape Province , South Africa .	endemic
It is an interdisciplinary subject of cognitive neuroscience and industrial engineering .	engineering
The 4th annual SMSW held in 2009 attracted 198 bicycle racers , who brought in of food .	attracted
On the next play , Scarborough broke free on a 68-yard rushing touchdown to make the score 24 – 7 .	touchdown
This is a list of lakes shared between Canada and the United States .	shared
The two are important values in Korea today . "	values
Dave Elkins ( born Dave Gimenez ) is an American musician , best known as the co-founder and lead singer of the band Mae .	musician
Large numbers of lines were being built , but not all of them were built to Brassey 's high standards .	standards
Steering was controlled by a single large rudder .	controlled
The most common driver type is an electro-mechanical transducer using a voice coil rigidly connected to a diaphragm ( generally a cone ) .	driver
In 2003 , Runway 17 / 35 was extended from to , allowing non-stop service to Las Vegas .	allowing
Set in a futuristic multi-level spaceship , the clip begins with Lopez strutting into the boarding area whilst the other passengers gaze at her in awe .	passengers
The title comes from the refrain that starts each verse :	starts
Eventually the enemy infiltrates City 7 and begins extracting Spiritia from civilians .	enemy
Approximately a dozen firefighters were onsite for two hours rescuing the child , although he was not gravely injured .	injured
In the 1905 season , the Coleman Company set up temporary gas-powered lighting for a night game against Cooper College ( now called the Sterling Warriors ) .	temporary
Virrat acquired town status in 1977 , although it had received the right to hold markets three years earlier , in 1974 .	markets
In an effort to find his friends , Richard takes an enormous gamble and seeks her help .	effort
This stretch was originally the Coastguard Walk along which the coastguards regularly patrolled .	regularly
Mario Moya Palencia ( 14 June 1933 – 9 October 2006 ) was a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .	affiliated
Richmond often found himself opposed by his former groom Thomas Waymark , still an outstanding player but now resident in Berkshire .	opposed
Mason has appeared in fashion campaigns for the likes of Louis Vuitton , Fendi , and Versace .	fashion
The following month , she finished 10th at a JGP event in Gdańsk , Poland .	10th
The city 's per capita income was $ 17,830 .	capita
He ends up at The Bronze drinking away his sorrow over Anya and Spike , when the nerds enter .	enter
He did , however , win two gold medals for Australia at the 2002 and 2006 Commonwealth Games .	medals
He chased after her and jumped onto the moving train .	onto
She had a complete waterline belt of wrought iron that ranged in thickness from amidships to at the ends of the ship .	iron
The interpretive village was constructed based on various buildings recovered from various sites from the eleven nations .	eleven
During the Behemoth VS Kogarasumaru challenge , he fights Ikki and is thoroughly defeated with a heavy body blow .	challenge
The symphony was well received , though the music critics , both then and later , observed the influence of other composers .	observed
They continue to work more highly complex cases involving multiple defendants with more emphasis placed on investigating and dismantling entire organizations .	involving
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the bantamweight class after losing his fight to Oscar de Larrazábal .	eliminated
Those Zentradi who wished to , used micron technology to return their bodies to human size . "	bodies
Meanwhile , a hump was added to the hood to make room for the extra equipment of the turbocharged engine .	extra
The final scene shows Alexis leaving by boat , waving at Mark and Nikky , and implying that they will soon get married .	boat
The 9th RTR was one of the first units to be equipped with the Churchill .	equipped
The criminal case was settled in March 2000 and the assessment completed .	criminal
Zaō is not served by any passenger train lines .	passenger
However the game was already widespread by then .	widespread
Electric lighting became an option in 1914 and was standardised in 1919 .	option
In following , Machado and Kellner theorized in 2005 that spinosaurines would have then spread to South America from Africa .	spread
Overlines are used in subatomic particle physics to denote antiparticles for some particles ( with the alternate being distinguishing based on electric charge ) .	electric
In 2006 , New Jersey Ballet staged India 's first full-length classical ballet with its Nutcracker production .	classical
Internally , the window dressings and the arches of the north aisle are of Corsham Bath stone .	window
This element also has eight meta states , though none are very stable ; all meta states have half-lives of less than one second .	element
The episode has been very well received by viewers and critics , with some calling it the best episode of Season 9 .	calling
Shed 11 was built in 1904-5 and designed by William Ferguson , chief engineer of the Wellington Harbour Board .	engineer
During his MLB career , the , Fanovich appeared in 55 games , 51 in relief , and posted a career record of 0 – 5 .	posted
In 1284 Dolbadarn was taken by Edward I , who removed some of its timbers to build his new castle at Caernarfon .	castle
He continued to publish diverse works on aspects of the Middle Ages , the Sun King and the French Revolution .	aspects
There she was outfitted for duty as a minecraft tender and was reclassified AG – 125 on 15 August 1945 .	duty
The district 's 2007 / 08 estimate suggests that the population had risen to 645 .	suggests
On 4 June 2018 , Pjaca was named to Croatia 's final 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup .	squad
Atkins later said he had met White himself in the Custom House pub and went back to the flat to have sex with her .	flat
Trying to level out , he clips a dome with a fuel pod and the Eagle ploughs out of control across the Moon 's surface .	fuel
Chiarello was responsible for teaming up comics superstars Jim Lee and Jeph Loeb for their extremely successful run on the Batman series " " .	extremely
Vanadium has a negligible absorption and coherent scattering cross section for neutrons and is hence nearly invisible in a powder diffraction experiment .	cross
His sons Mateiu and Luca were both modernist writers .	writers
on week two ) buttons on screen .	screen
It marked the Wildcats ' eighth championship and Knight 's third .	eighth
Following Bogdanov 's lead , Vladimir Shamov and Sergei Yudin in the USSR pioneered the transfusion of cadaveric blood from recently deceased donors .	blood
In 1906 , a law was passed empowering members of the Mysore Legislative Assembly to pass laws .	laws
Bikejoring and canicross probably developed from skijoring and dogsled racing .	racing
Næss himself took £ 50,000 of the company 's total capital of £ 600,000 , a gamble that was to make him a huge profit .	huge
Lewis has previously worked with international acts such as Unearth , Trivium and The Black Dahlia Murder .	acts
The Reacher novels are written either in the first-person or third-person .	novels
suitable candidate storm entered their operational area .	storm
The ink melts and becomes smeared unless the laminator temperature is reduced to just enough to seal a pouch .	temperature
With the decline in traffic and closure of parts of the A and B concourses , this never materialized .	decline
By late 1997 , the conflict had escalated into a constitutional crisis for the Cherokee Nation .	conflict
On 31 January 1945 , she got underway for Pearl Harbor and took on passengers for transportation to San Francisco .	passengers
By December 1980 , continued Yan Tatsine attacks on other religious figures and police forced the Nigerian army to become involved .	figures
At the end , Lennox chose James and the king taught him the doctrines of Calvinism .	chose
János appears drugged and broken .	broken
he was a kindly man , for I never heard him say anything depreciative of others , either their works of their personalities . "	heard
The Patriots failed to repeat as champions after losing 41-33 to the Philadelphia Eagles .	champions
Peet says he is skeptical of books written specifically for teenagers , saying they are prone to condescension .	specifically
The primary , tele-secondary schools , and a bigger temple were built to accommodate the increasing population .	increasing
This watershed line runs along Delaware Avenue westward from 10th Street and Market Street .	10th
The lactiferous duct should be normal without any retraction .	normal
The Wollomombi Walk goes upstream past a lookout platform and across the Wollomombi River on a long steel bridge .	steel
Dallas businessman Ira Corn established the first full-time professional team in 1968 , the Dallas Aces , later simply Aces .	full-time
On February 7 , 1963 , assembly of the first Learjet aircraft began and the following year , the company was renamed the Lear Jet Corporation .	assembly
The film received mixed reviews , but critics praised Ellen Burstyn 's performance .	praised
In the Linear B script tablets the region is called A-swi-ja ( Asia ) .	script
In this work he developed the concepts of status and role for describing the patterns of behavior in society .	behavior
Gallagher named his new development Ednor Gardens , for his two sons , Edward and Norman , by taking the first few letters of their names .	letters
The plan called for the highway to run over demolished piers .	demolished
The present church building is 15th century , with north and south aisles and a west tower .	15th
The rates of charging for postage services were in tune with that of British India .	rates
The primary purpose for the barrage is irrigation but it also serves to provide water for hydroelectric power production and control floods .	purpose
All teach in the Arts building adjacent to the main Auditorium .	adjacent
The house became a firehouse after a new city hall was constructed .	hall
A number of homes appear along this stretch of SR 181 .	homes
The most significant of these works is the piano quintet " Hauptweg und Nebenwege " ( 1998 ) , which lasts nearly three hours .	piano
In 1889 , he was attached to the Saint Petersburg Nikolaevsky Military hospital .	attached
The main east-west road in Elsmere is Delaware Route 2 ( Kirkwood Highway ) , which heads east to Wilmington and west to Newark .	heads
In 2007 CHA went to court against the Oklahoma Secondary Schools Athletic Association , heard in the United States Court of Appeals , Tenth Circuit .	heard
The fire was sourced to the misuse of a blow-lamp and the damage costs were estimated to be around £ 80,000 .	costs
His reaction against social injustice made him susceptible to the influence of the Communist ideology .	reaction
" Murphys Bar " , James Joyce Pub Award , July 12th , 2011	12th
In 1792 , Corvey ceased to be a Benedictine abbey and was raised by pope Pius VI to the status of a prince-bishopric .	ceased
allows the RMD to regulate the refrigerant flow based on the chiller design requirement .	flow
The face was weaselish with overlarge dark eyes .	eyes
The next eight fastest runners from across the heats also qualified .	qualified
Again , this work was approved by the censors of several orders .	orders
has not changed over the years , the garden structure , which once built the Berlin Verseghi Nagy Elek Späth execution of the company .	garden
On one of the continents , the Chomphutawip ( ชมพูทวีป ) , the humans live .	humans
Landgrave Victor Amadeus rebuilt the abbey buildings as a " Schloss " ( palace ) .	rebuilt
Corruption has also been identified in the Thai energy sector .	sector
It is among the relatively few anole species where females may lay their eggs together , forming a communal nest in cavities in a steep cliff .	forming
The powerplant and transmission of the M5 were used together with some aspects of the T7 .	aspects
Another bird has been sighted several times in Heaton , Bolton , Greater Manchester .	bird
2008 he realized together with the academy of the arts Berlin a project for choir , dancers , ensemble , video and electronics .	arts
A treatment program for one child lasts six to eight weeks and requires 25 pounds of Medika Mamba .	requires
A powerful predictor of AMD is found on chromosome " 10q26 " at LOC 387715 .	powerful
Meguro ward government is led by the city assembly with 36 elected members with current terms from May 1 , 2011 to April 30 , 2015 .	assembly
The 2017 amendment increased the membership candidacy age from 21 to 25 .	membership
Their necks and backs are a yellowish-brown colour , while their undersides are tawny olive or brownish .	colour
It has created a strong regional theater .	theater
Finding Wilson down on the shooting range at his gun club , Angel confronts him about Cordelia .	shooting
Akiira Geothermal Limited ( AGL ) , is an electric energy generating company in Kenya .	electric
Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board operates English-language public schools .	operates
The team began play during the 1978 – 79 season and was admitted to the national competition the following season .	admitted
She also played a love interest for Rodney Blackstock in ITV soap opera " Emmerdale " , in 2015 .	opera
In addition to keeping the tape drive clean , it is also important to keep the media clean .	drive
He studied medicine at Brasenose College , Oxford and was made Doctor Regio Beneficio on 31 January 1643 and created D.Med .	medicine
By playing the British Empire against Japan , Prime Minister Phibunsongkhram was able to maintain a degree of neutrality for some time .	maintain
The entire company was wiped out after it was ambushed by Egyptian infantry of the 16th Brigade .	16th
The debate is still going on , and there will probably be no changes in the boundaries of French regions for some time .	debate
The island community had a public school , which has closed and been replaced by a restaurant .	restaurant
By the use of a stack , one can enter formulas without the need to rearrange operands .	enter
Fry is informed of what has been happening , but is more interested in romancing Leela than clearing the worms out of his body .	interested
After the 1929 stock market crash , Stearman and Boeing were acquired by United Aircraft and Transport Corporation ( UATC ) .	stock
Most modern historians accept the claim of the Muslim sources that after the revolt , the Jewish tribes became clients of the Aws and the Khazraj .	claim
Seats affected by the 2010 referendum included Seat # 1 , Seat # 4 and Seat # 5 .	affected
The new strategy was ratified by the military Chief of Staff .	strategy
He had been acting deputy under-secretary since 1887 .	deputy
Burton is a supporter of the West Australian Symphony Orchestra ; she was a board member of Agelink , a theatre company for older actors .	actors
During the Great Patriotic War , it was used as a military airbase ; passenger services started after the war .	passenger
The Academy is dedicated to sharing the latest scientific discoveries and how these advances are changing clinical practice and improving patient outcomes .	scientific
Douglas wanted to be the team 's point guard , which he believed was his more natural position and the one he would play in the NBA .	guard
The Blue Ensign could only be flown on a state government building if a state flag was not available .	flag
It also received the CE mark in Europe .	mark
Beauty demos have also been offered to style guests in a particular period look .	look
Having no other choice , Galavtron rallies all the Decepticons to form an alliance with Optimus and the Autobots to stop Unicron for good .	choice
Terre Haute teams played at Memorial Stadium , located at the corner of Home and Wabash .	corner
According to film historian Tony Thomas , the award represented a vindication of her long struggle with Warner Bros. and confirmation of her abilities as an actress .	historian
A total of 24,784 households were counted in this woreda , resulting in an average of 4.36 persons to a household , and 23,952 housing units .	persons
The Indians hired general manager Frank Lane , known as " Trader " Lane , away from the St. Louis Cardinals in 1957 .	hired
Most elective classes , such as Art rooms , Shop classes , Auto tech , etc .	rooms
To compliment the existing network of farms the new organization created a number of research institutes to deal with a variety of research topics including : genetics ,	existing
Just before the Vietnamese New Year celebration Tết , calligraphists will assemble outside the temple and write wishes in Hán characters .	write
His wife continued to perform under her maiden name for some years .	perform
During the first season , The Agency was given a nemesis agency called Chrysalis which was often behind the week 's conspiracy .	agency
The Israelites were to take more towns from the larger tribes and fewer from the smaller .	towns
In 1870 he began his journalism career founding the Mobile " Republican " .	founding
Leakage rates of 50 % are not uncommon in urban systems .	rates
By the early 850s Ansgar , who was now Archbishop of Hamburg-Bremen , began to worry about the future of the community which was without a priest .	priest
Free throw attempts , game ( regulation ) : 39 , vs. Indiana Pacers , June 9 , 2000	attempts
In the inaugural function they had kept one empty chair on the head of the dais for Periyar , saying that he was their permanent leader .	permanent
He suggested " several explanations for so-called voices from the dead .	suggested
One of the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) set by the UN includes environmental sustainability .	environmental
In the chancel , there is a stained window .	window
It is located 4 km into the forest , and also has chalets with clean facilities and braai stands .	stands
Overall , to make the show convincing is the major responsibility of the host . "	responsibility
In April 2013 Behalf raised $ 10 million in Series A funding from Sequoia Capital and Spark Capital .	funding
These included the Hotel Indian River , the Plaza , and the Rockledge Hotel , all located north of Barton Avenue , looking out over the river .	looking
The sorority kicks her out after she is caught in the middle of coitus with Bud , after she was told not to see him .	caught
He also stated he had parted ways with trainer Ismail Salas after Salas had announced himself semi-retired and moved to Doha , Qatar .	ways
Japan objected to the moratorium and continued whaling ( " Under the ICRW an objecting nation is exempted from the disputed regulations .	nation
In Sub-Saharan Africa , where the rates are lowest , household access ranges from 40 to 80 percent .	rates
In September 2012 , Evers made his London stage acting debut performing in Up4aMeet at The Waterloo East Theatre .	performing
After sixty years , the entire aircraft program was shut down in 1987 after the failure of the T-46A program .	failure
According to a 2017 review , there is consistent evidence of an increase in incidence of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia with paternal age .	childhood
It is found in the Russian Far East ( Middle Amur , Primorye , southern Sakhalin , Kunashir ) , Japan and possibly China and Korea .	possibly
The Uplift Universe is a fictional universe created by American science fiction writer David Brin .	fiction
However , amid rising oil prices and continued demand for low fares , the airline decided to close the hub .	demand
Afterwards , TNA added a rematch between the two teams for the title to the Bound for Glory card .	card
When the village of Garrettsville annexed this portion of Hiram Township , that ceased to be true .	ceased
Otacon is widely regarded as one of the best sidekick type characters in video games .	regarded
GoldenEye , however , manages to escape in Dr. No 's osprey before the reactor overloads and the island is destroyed in a large explosion .	escape
After the war , much of the skills and technology used in the production of aircraft was redirected into the production of automobiles .	skills
Directly across from the " mouth " of Monkey Face is a prominent rock outcropping ( The Diving Board ) that comes fairly close to the tower .	mouth
These include Eurasian brown bear , lynx .	brown
It commands special respect in the politics of Osun State as a whole due to its strategic positioning .	respect
After the funeral of Franklin Storm , Reed Richards is rejected by Sue , and the Fantastic Four disband .	rejected
During the 1980s Chen emerged as the main figure among the more hard-line opponents of reform .	reform
He is not a hero in a conventional sense . "	sense
The Lewis was not synchronizable , due to its open bolt firing cycle design which resulted in an unpredictable rate of fire .	cycle
Tones can differ in pitch , volume , and / or timbre to demarcate downbeats from other beats , as well as compound and complex time signatures .	volume
He makes us want his character to succeed . "	want
In the 16th century the " Defence against the Turks " had become central topic in East Central and South East Europe .	16th
He is tied for the most regular season grand slams allowed ( 11 ) with Kenny Rogers .	tied
Cherry Orchard regularly supplies players to Republic of Ireland schoolboy and youth teams .	regularly
The original trail ran from Wanakena to the Beaver River , now the Stillwater Reservoir , south of the falls .	falls
When children leave to go to school , they are taught to " wai " their parents to indicate their respect .	respect
Germination does not occur at a water activity of 0.87 .	occur
Amongst the main staff of the company were Reginald Denny , Ralph Ince and Ruth Clifford , who were involved in constant quarrels .	constant
Patrice Dominguez ( 12 January 1950 – 12 April 2015 ) was a French tennis player born in Algeria .	tennis
She wears the simple tan robe of a coarse weave denoting her high station as a Sorceress .	simple
Several of these surveillance operations involve the implantation of malicious code into the computers of Tor users who visit particular websites .	users
However , Denver kicker David Treadwell missed 3 field goals , hitting the goal posts twice and driving the other attempt wide right .	driving
This additional p + region creates a cascade connection of a PNP bipolar junction transistor with the surface n-channel MOSFET .	connection
The Israel Defense Forces operate a military postal system but , in 1948 , dropped plans to print their own stamps .	operate
The single peaked at number 10 on the " Billboard " Hot 100 and reached number one in Australia .	peaked
But representations of peasant port date from the fourteenth century .	port
Investigations have revealed that it is one of the largest sites with sculptured monuments on the Pacific coastal plain .	coastal
Born in Birmingham to a Serbian father and Italian mother , Stanojevic played his school rugby at Warwick School .	rugby
The 2012 Blu-ray release revealed that the reissue of " The Gold Rush " preserved most of the footage from the original film .	preserved
On June 30 , 2015 , Telstra Air was launched , granting home broadband users access to the Fon network .	users
" Ugly " has sold 170,000 copies in the UK and ranks as the group 's seventh best-selling single in the country .	seventh
Death Metal absorbed Argon 's mind and spirit , only to find that his purity counteracted Death Metal 's violent rage .	mind
Singer Sukhwinder Singh originally suggested the song to A.R .	suggested
Both versions can transmit on either frequency .	frequency
Draco probably continued in use in Sub-Roman and Anglo-Saxon Britain ; the Bayeux tapestry has Harold 's standard bearer holding one .	holding
If diving as part of a team , the risk is mitigated by the presence of buddies who can help .	risk
Clarion-Limestone Area School District administrative costs per pupil was $ 744 per pupil in 2008 .	costs
She wears a crown and is dressed in a surcoat over a costly brocade skirt , symbols of royal status .	royal
More and more , the international modern painters also drew on the Japanese schools as they turned away from Western styles in the 1980s .	drew
The 14th century was marked as a period of impressive development and vast influence of Krzeszów Abbey .	14th
The Auditorium and adjacent school sit on a tract of land formerly known as " Silver Hill . "	adjacent
The history of Güzelçamlı dates as far back as 700 BC .	dates
Annual conferences are hosted by member institutions .	institutions
However , she and the club terminated her contract shortly thereafter .	shortly
Scout bombing squadrons each had eighteen to twenty-four Douglas SBD Dauntless dive bombers and were tasked with conducting dive-bombing attacks and long range scouting and patrol missions .	missions
Norwich were above Leeds on goal difference but Leeds had two games in hand .	difference
The Environmental Services Unit responds to and investigates all crimes involving litter and hazardous dumping within the county .	involving
The High Court hears all applications for extradition , both under the European Arrest Warrant system and to non-EU member states .	applications
She appeared in some 130 motion pictures .	motion
She gets stucked into the world	gets
In October 2012 , Dutch semiconductor equipment manufacturer ASML announced that it would acquire Cymer , as part of their EUV equipment strategy .	strategy
Older larvae feed freely on the underside of the leaf .	feed
But the escape route was blocked by Father and Shanthappan .	escape
( This film was made in reaction to the death of Davenport 's husband , actor Wallace Reid , as a result of his morphine addiction ) .	reaction
" The Jersey Journal " is a local daily paper covering news in the county .	covering
Since 1898 , Pitrufquén begins its development under the impetus of its people and its agricultural potential .	agricultural
The film based on a screenplay from the writers Sean O 'Bannon and Kimberly A. Ray .	writers
Shakira was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year on November 9 , 2011 , the day before the 12th Latin Grammy Awards .	12th
Angel is annoyed that Gunn didn 't listen to him , but can 't do anything about it without blowing their cover .	didn
Teach is purely Gaelic , while the other two are derived from Latin .	derived
The postal address is 15 Rue des Missionnaires .	address
Hence , the background score was composed by his father , Deva .	background
On Friday , August 29 several state rural waters associations activated their Water Agency Response Networks to prepare for Gustav ’ s landfall .	waters
It was meant to be the first in a three-picture deal with Small but Corman did not enjoy working with the producer .	meant
During the Cherokee National Holiday ( Labor Day weekend ) in 1997 , Oklahoma SWAT teams with high-powered rifles and BIA helicopters patrolled tribal lands .	lands
John Charles Crowley ( born November 13 , 1947 ) is an American musician .	musician
Additionally , options previously limited to the V8 model ( such as HID headlamps and Automotive head-up display ) were available with the V6 .	display
Marshal Boufflers began the investment on 15 March ; the trenches were opened ten days later .	investment
For this album , Phillips focused on making his solos complement the song , fit within the structure , and come across as more melodic .	focused
Micco shares its zip code with Sebastian .	shares
The is a Danish music award created by the music magazine " Gaffa " , given annually since 1991 .	annually
BeerXML is supported by a number of web sites , computer programmes and an increasing number of Android Windows Phone and iOS apps .	increasing
Thus the Council has twenty voting members , including the President .	twenty
With a budget of US $ 12 million , it is also among the most expensive films in Iranian history .	budget
This is not , as has been assumed , a pendant to 287 .	assumed
Soft pitons are difficult to remove without damaging the piton , so they were frequently left in place and became fixed anchor points on a climb .	fixed
The state 's lone surviving historic covered bridge , Green Sergeant 's Covered Bridge , crosses the Wickecheoke Creek between Sergeantsville and Rosemont .	surviving
Its mechanical materials can be recycled in normal recycling streams .	normal
The Lord was the bishop of Langres then the abbot of Moutiers-Saint-Jean to whom the church was given in 1141 .	bishop
A half-dozen games are televised in Spokane on SWX Right Now , a sports and weather channel owned by KHQ-TV .	weather
Her father was briefly Liberal MP for Cockermouth .	briefly
During the fair , an international conference on urban planning was held , organised by Paul Saintenoy , Emile Vinck , and Paul Otlet .	planning
Caesarean section is an invasive method but is often the only method that will save the lives of both the mother and the infant .	save
He died of congestive heart failure on May 9 , 1990 Marin General Hospital at Greenbrae , California .	failure
Her father was Mirza Isma ’ il-i-Vazir , a powerful and wealthy Persian nobleman .	powerful
Therefore , all standards for this breed encourage mating with Oriental and Siamese cats and semi-longhair variations of those ( such as Balinese and Javanese ) .	standards
Corruption by these artifacts could be edited out using a paint package .	edited
Headley was one of Samuel Parr 's pupils at Colchester grammar school , and idle ; he went with Parr to Norwich , given another chance .	chance
In February 2010 , she performed the song at the Sanremo Music Festival in Italy , along with multiple other hits .	hits
The final turnout ( based on provisional figures ) when polls closed at 8 pm UZT ( 1500 UTC ) was 79.7 % ( 3,960,876 voters ) .	figures
He later made another hundred against the West Indies in Antigua .	hundred
After the Conference of Friends in the Americas in 1977 , Latino Friends got to know each other and FWCC began an effort to help them organize .	effort
Saloon girls wore short red dresses with corsets , garter belts and stockings .	girls
After attending a professional wrestling training session , in order to watch a friend , Stevens decided to become a wrestler and joined the training school .	session
Some ex-Mormons actively proselytize against Mormonism , while some provide only support to others leaving the religion .	religion
Seriously depleted by the continuous fighting , the Egyptians relinquished control of the routes to the canal , opening them up to the Israelis .	routes
After fending off a Serapkin knife attack and another from a harpoon , Fathom finds the figurine in a makeup case .	makeup
In 1959 Josiffe moved to the Kingham Stables in Chipping Norton , Oxfordshire , where he learned dressage while working as a groom .	learned
Hurricane Wilma hit Plantation on Monday , October 24 , 2005 , causing significant damage and power outages .	causing
Felix was originally buried in the church of Austregisilus de Castro , outside the city 's walls .	walls
With " Ahana Pellanta " he made his début and did playback singing in about 70 feature films and sung 100 songs .	singing
Equivalent naval ranks may be called captain or ship-of-the-line captain .	naval
" “ There is nothing surprising in a Muslim or a Pathan like me subscribing to the creed of nonviolence .	nothing
Ricardo Salgado is accused in the Operation Marquis case .	accused
" Emden " and " Leipzig " were the core of the southern group , which was based in Libau .	core
This differs from a barnstorming team as a barnstorm team competes in exhibition games and not within a league or association framework as a traveling does .	exhibition
Meanwhile , the character 's relationship with Ross is often cited among television 's most beloved .	cited
Following the book 's instructions , Casey collects artifacts from her mother 's life , including strands of hair in her hairbrush .	hair
The name " lemniscate of Booth " for this curve dates to its study by the 19th-century mathematician James Booth .	dates
The music video begins with a shot of a piano , that plays itself .	piano
The My Tween and Me Parenting Program is provided in communities throughout British Columbia to prevent potential risks which may arise as a tween becomes a teenager .	prevent
Kate Connor , played by Faye Brookes , made her first screen appearance on 5 October 2015 .	screen
During the Mandate , postal services were provided by British authorities .	authorities
The all-time record low of was reached on February 13 , 1899 , and the city experienced light snow and freezing rain on Christmas Eve , 1989 .	experienced
The 1990s witnessed the signing of a number of economic agreements between Jordan and the U.S. A pioneer of such agreements was the Jordan – U.S .	signing
These ice lenses increase in size from year to year as a result of freeze-thaw processes of the surrounding water .	processes
The TPLEX is an extension of North Luzon Expressway and Subic – Clark – Tarlac Expressway from Tarlac to Rosario , La Union .	extension
Below we outline what we consider to be the five major findings of the M4 Competition and advance a logical conclusion from these findings .	advance
Therefore , metronome markings on sheet music provide a reference , but cannot accurately communicate the pulse , swing , or groove of music .	reference
Mascarenhas apologised unreservedly for his actions .	actions
After King died on May 20 , the Vigilantes reformed , tried Cora and Casey , and convicted them of murder .	murder
Soon , another random article is pulled and a new set of scenes are performed .	scenes
O 'Hara greatly fostered the practice of daily reception of Communion , then still a newly approved practice by the Catholic Church .	greatly
The writers and producers of " 12 : 01 " believed their work was stolen by " Groundhog Day " .	writers
The West Midlands Police say they did not give such a statement .	statement
The East Anatolian Fault is a major strike-slip fault zone in eastern Turkey .	zone
The Met also claimed they notified " select individuals with national-security concerns : members of the government , the police and the military . "	concerns
Since much of the movement in the area is by air , the mountains present a significant barrier to air traffic .	mountains
" Shooting at the 1908 Summer Olympics – Men 's moving target small-bore rifle	target
The 2010 season ended on November 11 with a fourth straight win over rival Carnegie Mellon .	straight
Exterior scenes depicting Macao were shot in Chinchón , a town near Madrid .	scenes
Depending on the nature of the crime , minimum penalties may range from lakh to lakh .	crime
Nothing was usually stored there — though they were occasionally used to store code in self-displaying executable pictures .	occasionally
With the downstairs population moving up a floor , racial tensions erupted .	racial
Jordan is not seen in the eighth season , with no explanation of what became of her .	eighth
He was moreover the sport leader for the Gau and the publisher of the magazine " NS-Gemeinde " ( National Socialist Community ) .	sport
She did , and angrily demanded to know why the manuscript was lying ignored in the corner of the office .	corner
Even as a beginner , Caton 's talent as a lead guitarist was apparent .	guitarist
Used primarily by light rail and tram lines that stop on the street rather than at stations .	rail
The Indianhead Council was headquartered in Saint Paul , Minnesota , and included Ramsey and Washington Counties in Minnesota , and four counties Wisconsin .	counties
The show 's hosts are Sean Lin , winner of the first season of " Mimic King " , and Patty Wu .	hosts
Haribhadra claims , that Abhisamayalamkara chapter 8 is describing Buddhahood through four kayas : svabhavikakaya , [ jnana ] dharmakaya , sambhogakaya and nirmanakaya .	claims
Simulations suggest that under certain conditions BLAST is suitable for detecting distant relatives of a gene .	gene
According to Herodotus , the inhabitants , Cissii , were a ' wild ' , free people , resembling the Persians in their manners .	inhabitants
Within six months , she had become the journal 's editor in chief .	journal
A theatre was built to provide the travellers with entertainment featuring the major stars of the age .	entertainment
However , Axel knows Cain is a patsy designed to throw the authorities off Dent 's trail .	authorities
The practice of Ayurveda has resulted in a long-standing tradition of herbal teas .	tradition
Mission is to bring medication and healthcare services to various rural communities .	bring
Like two-dimensional reconstructions , three-dimensional reconstructions usually require both an artist and a forensic anthropologist .	require
They were mostly farmers of Scots-Irish descent with large numbers of Amish and Mennonite Germans who had fled religious persecution in Germany , Austria , and Switzerland .	descent
The ecumenical movement , which hopes to reunify all of Christianity , has found that the papacy is one of the most divisive of issues between churches .	churches
It is lined with shops , businesses , and restaurants .	businesses
Within a year , the duo began looking for a record label to distribute their music commercially .	looking
Tracey Neuls is a shoe designer ; founder of TN29 and the eponymous Tracey Neuls labels .	designer
An alleged waiver of removal rights is also appealable , since the issue is not jurisdiction but the legal effect of the defendant 's actions and agreements .	actions
The CCHD workgroup recommended newborn screening be performed with motion tolerant pulse oximetry that has also been validated in low perfusion conditions .	motion
Phendula which means ( You Must Answer ) is Already on major music stores ! "	stores
The sons of Dashrath are being eliminated one by one , systematically .	eliminated
A larger triangular blackish-grey spot is found on the costa about three-fourths , where a curved brownish line runs to the tornus .	spot
All these engines were very successful .	engines
The Progressive Conservatives under Mike Harris returned to government in the 1995 provincial election with a large majority .	provincial
In 1875 , the church burned and it was rebuilt in 1876 .	rebuilt
Extraplanetary material , such as lunar and asteroid regolith , has trace amounts of from solar wind bombardment .	wind
The hero of Elizabeth 's classic and modern works is a woman with her conscious and subconscious feelings and emotions .	classic
" Stern " was struck from the Navy List on 7 March 1951 .	struck
Ingatambo ( possibly from Quechua " inka " Inca , " tampu " inn ) is an archaeological site in Peru .	possibly
Together , they recruited Crispin Akerman on guitar , Don Meharry on bass guitar and Guy Slingerland on drums through a series of advertisements .	bass
Each city 's M roads are independently numbered .	roads
While this happened , Jurado was filming a movie in Mexico .	happened
It was reported that many of the prison guards had prevented firefighters from entering the prison once they had arrived .	entering
At the expiration of the ultimatum , Masaba refused to divorce any of his wives and denied ever promising this .	denied
Ekan studied under Jizang and learned Sanron .	learned
Shels had played home games regularly in Tolka during the fifties , sixties , seventies , and early eighties .	regularly
Red Tree works in interdisciplinary and cross-cultural collaboration with artists and / or community members .	collaboration
The experimental group in this study received up to 40-hours per week in a 1 : 1 teaching setting using errorless discrete trial training ( DTT ) .	setting
It has been assigned by the Institute for New Testament Textual Research ( INTF ) to the 9th or 10th century .	10th
The Humanist Party ( , ; the acronym PH was used in voting ballots but rarely read ) was a minor centre-left political party in Portugal .	read
Craven published her autobiography , " Truth Be Told " , in 2012 , selling it exclusively on her website .	selling
He appeared as Doctor Virgil Swann , who helped Clark Kent understand his heritage .	heritage
Master Lock 's yearly Super Bowl commercials accounted for nearly all of the company 's annual advertising budget .	budget
Lonny joins his friend Darryl in open displays of irritation by and intimidation toward Michael .	toward
It became a sub-brand , separated from Xiaomi , on January 10 , 2019 .	separated
Umbels can be simple or compound .	simple
On 12 July 2006 the airline ceased operations due to bankruptcy .	ceased
The impetus had been pitched by Herpich , who was interested in " political intrigue in the Fire Kingdom " .	interested
Unsurprisingly , the distinctive outfit has earned Adisco students the nickname of " zebra boys " .	boys
Some of the orbalisks are destroyed by the tremendous force and release a toxin that will kill Bane in days .	kill
In one day in March 1993 , the group saved 93 elderly residents from rising flood waters at their Tampa area retirement community .	waters
Respondent ( classical ) conditioning is based on innate stimulus-response relationships called reflexes .	classical
In an interview with Reuters , Carey described working with Ratner , and her experience filming the video :	interview
Upon his graduation , Jordan returned to the San Antonio Academy where he taught mathematics and science .	mathematics
Unlike more predatory cichlids , " Symphysodon " have relatively long intestines typical of a herbivore or omnivore .	typical
However , any disk formatted with DOS0 using FFS or FFS2 can be read by any version of the Amiga operating system .	read
Then in the 19th and 20th centuries large numbers of Italian immigrants began to come in mainly from Sicily and southern Italy .	centuries
Ideological differences between Plečkaitis and Paplauskas led to splintering of the group and its liquidation in 1929 .	differences
The copycats are all competing with each other . "	competing
One possible explanation of the origin of the term was that it was coined by Ralph Kimball during a conversation with Stephen Pace from Kalido .	origin
Xuanying 's purpose in compiling it was to explain the " hard words " found in Chinese translations of 454 Buddhist sutras .	purpose
This mode of operation was also experimentally discovered in vertical device in 1979 by B. Jayant Baliga .	device
More recently , the creative direction has been toward the development of purely original content and the repurposing of adaptational content away from its third-party roots .	toward
From 1926 to 1945 , he was in charge of the business and economics courses .	courses
The second Australian Town Planning Conference and Exhibition held in Brisbane in mid 1918 included a display illustrating the proper care of babies .	display
Continuous glucose monitors are a more recent breakthrough and have begun to hit the markets for patient use after approval from the FDA .	markets
In the 2011 – 12 season , Maribor managed to reach the group stages of the Europa League for the first time .	stages
At least 30 others sought treatment at first aid houses or at Letterkenny Hospital across the border .	sought
Henry went on to lead the RedBlacks receiving corps in receptions and yardage amassing career best of 824 yards on 67 receptions .	receiving
The most famous of his Brookmeade horses was 1959 American Horse of the Year and Hall of Fame inductee , Sword Dancer .	horses
Borsonia cliffdenensis is an extinct species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae .	marine
Another of his structures , now used as an event space called Guastavino 's , is located under the Midtown Manhattan end of the Queensboro Bridge .	structures
The episode marks the introduction of Earl of Lemongrab .	introduction
Power plant operation and maintenance consists of optimizing the efficiency and power output of power plants and ensuring long term operation .	output
While doing research and observation at a stockyard in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , Houston came across a living sheep on a pile of dead carcasses .	doing
That performance earned him a nomination for the NFL Rookie of the Week award , but the award was given to Chris Johnson .	nomination
She also appreciates the importance of parental involvement to the child 's confidence and progress .	importance
An annual competition is held in Tobermory on the Isle of Mull , to determine the best mince and tatties .	determine
You can do that ( sometime stylized as " YOU CAN DO THAT " ) is Soulhead 's eighth single .	eighth
It is unknown if it is a life-limiting condition .	condition
John 's half-brother Nikephoros was then sent in spring 1260 to recover Thessaly , which he mostly accomplished after defeating and capturing the Nicaean general Alexios Strategopoulos .	defeating
Leftover bits and pieces of merchandise whose origins lay in Egypt , Turkey and Crete were found in the ruins and in graves during the excavations .	pieces
If the form is filed electronically , it will be sent to an appropriate service center .	filed
The company experienced rapid growth until the mid-1980s .	experienced
Vayne is the protagonist and main character , who lives alone deep in the forest with Sulpher , a black cat .	deep
During the resistance he was known as Maurizio .	resistance
In early August 2010 , Beaubois broke his foot while training with the French national basketball team .	foot
Burnside had launched the East Tennessee Campaign to reduce or extinguish Confederate influence in the area ; Blue Springs helped fulfill that mission .	reduce
Cordelia expresses her worries about leaving the team temporarily while Wesley and Gunn are sure they can handle things while she 's working on her career .	things
A century later , its whereabouts still remained unknown and the object only known through drawings and reproductions of casts .	object
In the final scene , Tilden walks around the room with the corpse of a baby in his hands .	hands
Little free-tailed bats can fly fast in open areas where they typically inhabit .	fast
It is one of the major places where the Tedim Zomi people live , and Tedim language is spoken in the village .	spoken
Regentrification of the neighborhood continues with developers plans for new luxury apartment skyscrapers on Broadway .	neighborhood
These compounds are typically sugars that are inexpensive and do not pose any toxicity concerns .	concerns
Digital screens with real-time schedule information are installed at all stops as well .	installed
He resigned in January 2005 in protest against being handcuffed by U.S. troops at a roadblock .	resigned
The acronym UBL can also mean :	mean
The hallmark for Reaganomics was , in part , the wide-scale deregulation of corporate interests , and tax cuts for the wealthy .	interests
Lisa A. Callif is an American entertainment attorney specializing in independent film .	entertainment
Larsen 's eligibility to run for the party leadership is at issue with party president Moe Sihota stating that Larsen 's party membership has lapsed .	membership
In 1919 , he moved to Mexico City with his family , where he began drawing lessons with a painter named Francisco Zeteno .	painter
At the end of the story the family became the main reference for the individual survival .	reference
Below is a list of available features based on ADSL2 specs from the ITU standards .	standards
He 's the 20th fast bowler from MRF pace Foundation .	fast
The main means of transportation are bicycles , pedicabs and the occasional truck , although the streets are mostly pedestrian .	streets
Throughout the following century , Gostiny Dvor was continuously augmented , resulting in ten indoor streets and as many as 178 shops by the 20th century .	streets
The generic name is in reference to Angaturama , a protective spirit in the aboriginal Tupi Indian culture of Brazil .	reference
In the early 1970s , Weisfeiler was asked to sign a letter against a colleague , and for his refusal was branded " anti-Soviet " .	sign
The Haussa genet has a bright colored fur with short hair .	hair
It carries out general policing , patrolling , traffic policing , border control and criminal investigations .	criminal
Permeation of water through the membrane was attributed to swelling of graphite oxide structure which enables water penetration path between individual graphene oxide layers .	path
At the moment , Jews constitute about 79 pre cent of Israel 's six-million-plus population , a figure that would rapidly dwindle to under 60 precent .	rapidly
She hands him the child , whose default name is Patricia , along with Cube the butler , and so his quest to fatherhood begins .	hands
Georg Lenck ( sometimes spelt Lembke ) ( 7 November 1685 – 22 March 1744 ) was a German musician .	musician
The Commander of the Patrol Division is responsible for all patrol functions .	functions
" Banjo-Kazooie " s critical and commercial success led Rare to begin development of a sequel titled " Banjo-Tooie " , also for the Nintendo 64 .	begin
However , had four kick returns for 86 yards , averaging 21.5 yards per return .	returns
A new barrage was constructed downstream between 1979 and 1983 to replace the older barrage upstream .	replace
The state houses were constructed using over 400 designs , so that no two houses in a given area were identical .	designs
Two schools in the affected city will remain closed until May 6 , 2009 .	affected
At the time of the Lutheran Reformation , Abbess Anna von Quitzow would have nothing to do with the new denomination , and refused to pay tax .	nothing
1890 in organized crime and the	crime
Silambarasan 's actions were widely criticised , with Vishal subsequently thanking the actor for tilting public opinion further towards his team .	actions
Agriculture is important , particularly cattle breeding in the mountains and dairy farming in the plains .	mountains
His cousin is St Kilda Football Club player Eli Templeton .	cousin
The University of Ibadan bestowed upon her the honorary doctorate of laws in 1968 .	laws
" densata " ) is used for bonsai ( see image ) .	image
A single polymer molecule may well be folded into two different , adjacent crystallites and thus form a tie between the two .	adjacent
During his time at Flathead , he was a three-time all-state and all-conference selection , as well as team captain his final two seasons .	selection
Cordelia also senses she knew the person the Beast was talking to , leading them all to believe Connor is involved .	believe
The institution was founded in 1931 .	institution
The gang was cornered in an alley and shot to pieces by the swarming townspeople ; Emmett Dalton is the only outlaw to survive .	pieces
High school and Higher secondary divisions have separate Computer Labs .	divisions
The following recording videos were released on YouTube between January 22 and January 28 :	videos
He argued that decisions concerning prices and production should be made by individual firms , in conformity with business logic .	argued
In 1947 , he founded the Hong Kong Airways with a hope of developing the firm 's civil aviation business .	developing
The West German Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk ( NWDR ) had made early plans to begin television broadcasts in its area , which originally included West Berlin .	begin
4817 , a bill that would designate the Birmingham Civil Rights District , including the Civil Rights Institute , as a National Park .	bill
From 1993 to 1997 , and since 2003 , Brekk has been deputy leader of the Centre Party .	deputy
Bombay defeated Haryana by an innings and 202 runs in the pre quarter final but ran into trouble against Karnataka in the next round .	quarter
He was sentenced to death on November 29 , 1971 .	sentenced
All four species in the genus are considered threatened by Brazil 's Ministry of the Environment .	threatened
The effect of the amendment was that the Legislatures of the Union territories could not be wholly nominated bodies .	bodies
The album features Yahaira Vargas , otherwise known as Miss YaYa , as the new lead singer .	otherwise
Defending champion Serena Williams withdrew from the tournament due to her continuing recovery from knee surgery .	surgery
The first carpet joint in Saratoga Springs was " The Brook Club " , opened by gambler Arnold Rothstein in 1921 .	joint
Another son , Norman Penner , was a professor at York University and historian of Canadian radicalism .	historian
The bat 's heart is very large , and its wings are long and tapered at the tip .	wings
Le Congxun thus sought aid from Zhu .	sought
The Telfair Garden is a nice place near the seaside where the inhabitants often go for a picnic .	inhabitants
The name " Lufsig " is derived from the Swedish verb " lufsa " , meaning " to lumber " .	derived
I think this why people like our music , because - sexually speaking or politically speaking – it 's just very genuine . "	think
While admitting relatively supernatural gifts , they denied that the partaking of Divine nature and the adoption to eternal life differ essentially from our natural moral life .	denied
This engine was used on all vehicles developed thereafter .	vehicles
By 2010 , demographics showed that 14.1 % of the population in Syracuse was Italian descent .	descent
Faye confronts Tim and Anna about her reasons for not being there for Miley , just as Jackson and his mother , Josie , visit .	reasons
UNICEF provided about $ 48,000 to secure drug kits for children impacted by the cyclone .	drug
Several colors of laser light ( quantified by the laser wavelength ) are used for tattoo removal , from visible light to near-infrared radiation .	visible
Occasionally goods trains are also worked .	goods
By 2009 , Jordan had taken in roughly 700,000 Iraqi refugees since the war began , a high proportion for a country of only 6 million .	roughly
Unlike " Drosera " , " Roridula gorgonias " secretes a very sticky resinous substance , mainly containing acylglycerides and triterpenoids that are insoluble in water .	containing
Union is in the southern corner of the town of Wakefield , along the Branch River , a tributary of the Salmon Falls River .	corner
IUT was formally inaugurated by Begum Khaleda Zia , prime minister of Bangladesh on 29 November 2001 .	formally
This list is maintained by the Trust .	maintained
For the 1953 model year , Ford introduced a second generation of the F-Series trucks .	generation
She achieved full membership of the Australian Society of Authors in 2013 and her first memoir was published in 2014 .	membership
He is best known for the two voyages of discovery he led into the Pacific in 1567 and 1595 in search of Terra Australis .	search
In recent chapters , it 's revealed that the trick Ikki was developing was called " Null Wind " .	developing
She was the first representative from Argentina to win it .	representative
" set debug 2 " reveals even more details about the work done .	details
Still , she will only fight seriously occasionally , so that she is not much of a threat to Vayne and the others .	occasionally
Batting at No.5 , he scored his 20th and last hundred in Ranji trophy and took Bombay to 333 .	hundred
While with the Chiefs , he was popularly known among fans as " The Student Baker . "	fans
In September 2015 residential choral scholarships were introduced .	residential
( Il 'yashenko has shown that if one of the monodromy operators is diagonalizable , then Plemelj 's claim is true . )	claim
All runways have been resurfaced with concrete , a more durable material than the previous asphalt .	concrete
The per capita income for the base was $ 11,281 .	capita
When they get back into town , SpongeBuck meets Dead Eye Plankton and the two proceed to have a western duel .	meets
They met the then Raja of Jharia and purchased some land having underneath a vast wealth in the shape of coals on lease .	shape
The average flow of the river at this station is .	flow
The central block has three storeys and an attic , and is in three bays .	block
She finished fourth in the final championship standings , the highest finishing female in series history .	finishing
His most notable sporting activity was as a cricketer , and he played four first-class matches .	first-class
The Mansion House was built in 1908 to serve as the official summer residence of U.S. Governors-General at the insistence of Governor-General William Cameron Forbes .	residence
The two teams argued on the pitch for ten minutes after a knock-back led to the England try .	argued
At the end of the 1980s , Prince Rainier III decided to stop building high rises in Monaco , following the construction of some controversial architectural choices .	architectural
In the meantime , a photojournalist ( portrayed by Natalia Tena ) stumbles upon paranormal events triggered either by or after the bombing .	portrayed
As Federation approached , thoughts turned to an official federal flag .	flag
Woodburn railway station was a stone-built railway station with substantial goods sidings in Northumberland , on the Wansbeck Railway between Morpeth and Reedsmouth .	goods
Concerned about underwater hits , the class 's French designers decided to extend the waterline armour belt well below the waterline as compared to their contemporaries .	hits
What , then , becomes of human liberty as a source of moral responsibility ?	responsibility
Surprisingly , parthenogenetic females of this species occasionally produce male offspring , which are thought to be the result of non-genetic hormonal inversions .	occasionally
In November 1913 he applied for the military flying school in Gatchina , Russia and in May 1914 began to practice at the Gatchina airfield .	flying
Assuming 250 workdays per year , this would correspond to an average of 10 scans each day , a frequency that is unlikely to be encountered .	frequency
However by consummate impudence joined to the honourable office of spy , he gets himself recommended to many of the English travellers " .	gets
Following the coup , political parties were banned , and all constitutional processes were suspended .	processes
He cites many resources for his book , including his personal diary .	resources
It differs from its living relative by having a much shorter snout .	relative
Consulting Mohammad Moin 's dictionary of Persian , " ' awrah " leads to two significations :	leads
Madhavrao was the son of Peshwa Narayanrao and his wife , Gangabail Gangabai ( Nee , Sathe ) was pregnant at the time of Narayanrao 's murder .	murder
Kate revealed in January 2019 that longtime and influential board member Mr. Shin is currently the Chairman of the board .	influential
There are some nice rocks and a small beach area to hang out on .	beach
Collier , aged 27 , was seated in his police car near the Stata Center ( Building 32 ) on the Massachusetts Institute of Technology campus .	aged
The University of Toronto operates the Canadian Advanced Nanospace eXperiment Program .	operates
Tommy leaves the support group after getting a text from his mother saying she was home .	getting
In 1948 , the MLA decided to establish an award in the name of Marcia Crocker Noyes .	establish
The University and College Union ( UCU ) and the British Medical Association ( BMA ) voiced their concerns about the restructuring at King 's College London .	concerns
The Dveri-DSS coalition received 5 % of the national vote , and so Dveri got into the Serbian parliament for the first time .	parliament
The incident effectively marked the end of traditional Japanese whaling practice .	incident
Monday 5.45pm Choral Evensong ( girls and adults )	girls
After his spell at Loftus Road , Baraclough joined Notts County and enjoyed a turbulent first season captaining the side on a few occasions .	occasions
The project was strongly supported by the Basque community in Mexico outside of the brotherhood .	strongly
The UK TROBI Champion grows at Talbot Manor in Norfolk , measuring 8 m high by 28 cm d.b.h .	grows
Laureate of the " Person of the Year-2007 " award in the nomination " Head of the Million-Plus City " .	nomination
Each BCAS district is part of a larger region , which is headed by an Executive Director .	headed
The Danish architecture critic commented :	architecture
It can also be heard on the album " Complete Recorded Works , 1927-29 " by Blind Alfred Reed .	heard
The color of the tunic varied , but red ( especially crimson ) was increasingly the standard color preferred by hoplites during and after the Peloponnesian War .	increasingly
The term " shire " is somewhat misleading , as it should not be confused with an English county .	somewhat
The act was noted to be quite popular and played through until at least mid-November , but probably until the end of November .	quite
Soon , Badessi 's well-polished and unique images started to be seen frequently in photography magazines and exhibitions .	images
Complete laser tattoo removal requires numerous treatment sessions , typically spaced at least seven weeks apart .	requires
In the district , 1805 property owners applied for the tax relief .	owners
He also reveals ( by mistake ) to Rika that his cellphone has several perverted images of Simca .	images
He charges into the office of a special demon doctor , demanding the ultimate " cure " for vampirism .	charges
Combining these two approaches improves the capability under various conditions anticipated in a combat scenario .	combat
IS has the gene of transposase .	gene
His physical infirmities permeated his vision of the world and gave him a high regard for physical beauty that was to shape his writings .	shape
He attended and graduated from a state-run normal school before becoming a teacher .	normal
The defending Pan American Games champion is Yaima Velázquez & Ismaray Marerro of Cuba .	defending
They proposed to revive the Newfoundland economy through free trade and a customs union with the United States .	economy
She 's been in there , doing the time , thinking .	doing
After an injury-plagued 1996 season , she won her second career title in 1997 in Prague , Czech Republic by defeating Marion Maruska in the final .	defeating
On November 19 , 2007 , Ido Zoldan ( 29 ) was killed in a shooting attack near Kedumim when Palestinian militants opened fire on his car .	shooting
He appeared successfully for the state of Bihar against the Raja of Ramgarh in the Calcutta High court .	successfully
The crash inspired Graham to search for a more conservative , safer way to invest .	search
On January 8 , 2014 , Matthews and Wheeler were relieved of their commentary duties with the Philadelphia Phillies .	duties
The Vanguard 15 is a popular one design racing dinghy designed by Bob Ames .	racing
Approximately 73 % of RTV Slovenija 's funding comes from television licence fees .	funding
The fictional Ern Malley achieved a measure of celebrity .	measure
State maintenance ends past the airport entrance at Mayor Boone Airport Road .	entrance
Each episode features Sean Horlor competing with his friend Rob Easton to see who can be the most successful at stereotypical gay jobs .	competing
The Landside Terminal was designed with convenience in mind .	mind
By default , RUSs are established by the Office of Rail Regulation ( ORR ) unless the latter objects within 60 days .	objects
This determines a groupoid scheme .	scheme
As he makes a speech , Darla and Drusilla appear , intent on slaughter .	speech
Valhalla would become the major breakthrough for illustrator Peter Madsen , who has developed greatly during his work on the series .	greatly
Medications have not been proven to correct the core deficits of ASDs and are not the primary treatment .	core
Production was relocated to Holyhead Road in Coventry , where from 1922 to 1923 they also made the Buckingham car .	relocated
Multiple mentions were made about the bees disappearing from planet Earth and stories driven by a missing or lost planet .	missing
The cartoon was created to promote the song 's release in the United States .	promote
The company produces a wide rage of hang gliders , including the Tecma F1 Tempo series and Tecma FX in the mid-2000s .	produces
The lyric page for " W.M.A. "	page
The Cycle Facility of the Month is a humorous feature that highlights poor , unusable and absurd cycle facilitates .	cycle
These devices never achieved any practical use because the thrust generated was insufficient to lift much more than the ( very lightweight ) electrodes themselves .	devices
Jones serves as Finance Executive for TruGolf and , in 2007 , he founded Big Finish Games , which shares the same office .	shares
Goolden 's last new stage role of note was in Stoppard 's " Dirty Linen and New-Found-Land " in 1976 .	note
Allan feels that Stuart is not taking the job seriously and he looks in his file and sees that Stuart has trouble sticking with a job .	sees
Worse , many HOVs are large transit vehicles such as vans and buses .	vehicles
In 2007 , Egypt imposed restrictions on the entry of new refugees into the country .	entry
Several world leaders denounced the violence during the sit-in dispersals .	violence
At an apparent visual magnitude of 5.94 , it can be seen with the naked eye .	visual
The M600 supports push email , document editing and PC synchronisation amongst other features .	supports
Schnyder took advantage of an open draw which saw Venus Williams dumped out in the third round by Lisa Raymond .	advantage
Japan Airlines used Terminal 1 prior to joining oneworld .	joining
This study showed that this association with D1 BP is only significant for FFG , not other brain regions .	brain
Later Romantic composers such as Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky , Antonín Dvořák , and Gustav Mahler used more unusual chords and more dissonance to create dramatic tension .	unusual
and avoiding dangerous draughts upon the scholars .	scholars
The action takes place in a Miami hotel room , watched over by Nation of Islam security .	hotel
Happily , for those of us who generally stay far away from ' cartoons ' , they have succeeded . "	stay
The charity involved was the Hollybank Trust , which is a company dedicated to helping people with learning difficulties and donating money to orphaned children .	learning
Half the maintenance gang was laid off , and staff were withdrawn from the sidings along the line .	laid
In January 1919 , Emile Taddéoli was pioneering again in crossing the Apennine Mountains in a seaplane between Sesto Calende and San Remo .	crossing
In 1860 Miramón took a step further and seized a British deposit of 660,000 pesos reserved for the British bondholders by the Liberal cabinet of Benito Juárez .	step
Livestock guardian dogs live alongside livestock and offer protection against large predators and poachers .	protection
Originally ordered by the Portuguese government in 1930 as part of a new building programme .	programme
It had a maximum elevation of 55 ° , a maximum depression of 40 ° and could traverse 60 ° to either side .	elevation
One of their goalscorers was Peter Smith who afterwards played first team professional football for Brighton & Hove Albion .	afterwards
Propaganda was commonly utilized , including Greek rhetoric and theatre which used words and images to influence populations throughout the Hellenic world .	images
Hutton 's good pre-season form continued , and once the new Premier League season began he found himself as first choice right back again .	choice
This also makes open-end funds less suitable for certain assets .	funds
The Raid on Boulogne in 1804 used fireships , but also new devices designed by Robert Fulton .	devices
The park has bicycle storage and access to public transportation .	storage
The Khowar language is also spoken in parts of Yasin , Gilgit and Swat .	spoken
Topical anesthetics are now commonly used in the temporary relief of premature ejaculation when applied to the glans ( head ) of the penis .	temporary
In the same year the Save the Pavilion Group was renamed The Grand Pavilion Ltd and was registered both as an Ltd company and a charity .	registered
After World War I , employment decreased to about 50 employees .	employees
He concluded that she broke up due to " undetected structural weakness or defect . "	concluded
Attempts have been made in the Diet to enact human rights legislation .	legislation
Exome sequencing is only able to identify those variants found in the coding region of genes which affect protein function .	protein
Modeled on the British public school , and funded by the colonial administration , Government College was established in 1929 to educate Nigeria 's future elite .	colonial
During 2011 , the church celebrated 700 years of Christian life on the site .	celebrated
The tour party was disrupted by an unusually high number of injuries and replacements throughout the 10-week-long tour .	injuries
The role is one of her best known , something she has lamented in her stand-up as being both a blessing and a curse .	something
" For years Mrs. Aschheim had been operating with the X-ray , and had acquired fame as one of the greatest experts in that line .	greatest
Thereafter there were recurring cycles of violence until the summer of 1922 .	violence
But not the talk , assuredly .	talk
Nate later ends up learning that Matthew told Dani he loved her .	learning
And the name Iraq comes from the ancient Mesopotamian city Uruk , which suggests an even older relationship .	suggests
The satellites are placed in low-Earth orbit and are scheduled to be retired and replaced every two years .	scheduled
The enemy 's tactics are different from the average rogue , or ' uncultured ' , Zentradi that are encountered in space travel .	enemy
The station is currently owned by Foster Charitable Foundation and has programming from Citadel Media and Dial Global .	programming
Violetta enters and announces Francisco 's arrival .	arrival
It exhibits the complex massing typical of Queen Anne houses , with multiple gables , projections , and a massive three-story octagonal tower .	typical
The royalties payable on domestic on-shore production of oil and gas shall accrue to the state in which such production takes place .	domestic
OWB was formed in 2003 by the Oregon Legislative Assembly to replace the Oregon Wine Advisory Board of the Oregon Department of Agriculture .	replace
It is illegal to cross the channel while the red light is on , signifying the ferry is in transit .	cross
During the shows Chris would regularly ask listeners to " go for broke " and vandalise Wikipedia pages .	regularly
The album peaked at number 63 on the " Billboard Japan " Hot Albums for the week of September 19 , 2016 .	peaked
Therefore , the case could go forward to trial to determine if plaintiffs may pierce the corporate veil .	determine
Seldes was a champion of Krazy Kat cartoonist George Herriman , and the two maintained a friendly relationship .	maintained
and then the episode ends with a " To be continued " message .	message
He made his season debut on November 17 , 2016 after missing the first 11 games .	missing
It is the first movie of the directors filmed in Spain .	filmed
He was sentenced in April 2018 .	sentenced
Former Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos also appears as herself in a short cameo .	herself
Choudhary 's contributions in the field of Organic Chemistry made him the recipient of civilian awards of different countries nationally and internationally which as follows	contributions
Shado and Robert followed Oliver to Prague , and Emiko turned against Komodo after learning the truth of her parentage .	learning
The stories were previously published from 1936-1953 in various science fiction and other magazines .	fiction
The building is part of a block ( 31 – 40 Gay Street ) which has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building .	block
He had three daughters , Leta , Lona and Elizabeth ; two sons , Douglas and Bruce ; and ten grandchildren .	daughters
He was substituted in the 70th minute for Giggs himself .	minute
Wesley tells Cordy that things are going to get better , but it is clear neither believes it .	things
Ingrid Falk and Gustavo Aguerre assembled 3,053 pieces of toast into a large mosaic of a toaster in late 1999 -- they are attributed with spreading .	pieces
Wallace 's solution is the key to controlling the power levels for the Gate .	solution
This species grows to a length of TL .	grows
A tramway that followed a similar route to parts of the Parramatta Light Rail existed between 1883 and 1943 .	existed
The historian Herodotus recorded ( 2.44 ) :	historian
To index the skip list and find the i 'th value , traverse the skip list while counting down the widths of each traversed link .	link
The pass is quite notorious for accidents due to its nature , and drivers and riders are required to be cautious .	quite
On April 11 , 2013 , DreamWorks Animation announced that it has acquired the intellectual property for the Trolls franchise from the Dam Family and Dam Things .	franchise
In a close contest a prominent Liberal defeated the former Conservative councillor .	contest
On the way back many of the Indian players took part in an exhibition match in United States .	exhibition
Cornwell explains that Hitler had good reason to fear the political power of the German Catholic Church .	reason
Those with money paid their own way , while others , who had no money , paid nothing .	nothing
This species grows to a length of TL .	grows
This leads Lyudmila to tell Leonid privately that she wants a son .	leads
Few Options ( aka Few Options , All Bad ) is a 2011 American feature-length crime drama written and directed by George Pappy .	crime
The losses for the railway were pegged at over $ 160,000 .	losses
The IBHF facilitates numerous conferences , symposia , and other events aimed at building a broad public discussion for issues in biotechnology , law , and society .	broad
In mathematics , Kakutani 's theorem may refer to :	mathematics
Killer whale advocates point out it has a long heritage .	heritage
This proved to be a significant play that helped the Ravens win the game 24-9 .	proved
The first stone was laid for the campus on February 13 , 1911 , and it opened in 1912 .	laid
From this total number density only those particles that are within one particle radius will be able to interact with the boundary .	boundary
( In one version of this tradition , Zubayr confessed that he had been the man who slapped her . )	tradition
Mistaking him for the late Tebbis , The Allocator mistakenly assigns Chellick a low TC , preventing him from getting the proper treatment .	getting
In mathematics , a Ringel – Hall algebra is a generalization of the Hall algebra , studied by .	mathematics
Findlaterova stezka ( Findlater path ) continues to be a well used trail .	path
The Council supported efforts by both sides to come up with new solutions to resolve the conflict and to engage in economic co-operation .	conflict
It drew a lot of positive attention to ' If You Had My Love ' .	drew
Notable locations within include the Dotsero volcano ( near Interstate 70 ) , Vail and Aspen .	locations
It was up for that kind of a bashing . "	kind
Paraliostola nigramacula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
The fort was owned by the Minister of the Interior from 1969 to 2007 , after which it has been used as a metropolitan police station .	fort
The league continued its investigation and exposure activities through the 1950s .	investigation
Bus Éireann used to serve Castledermot frequently but the solitary route 7 Sunday evening journey at 19.15hrs to Dublin was withdrawn in 2015 .	evening
In March 1643 Sir John Henderson sent a raiding party from the Royalist base at Newark to capture Gainsborough for the King .	capture
Curator George Shepherd assembled ten skeletons from the bones and these were put on display .	display
For the majority of the series , she keeps Samuel with her in her valley as her servant / follower .	valley
For the fourth straight year , all 16 teams in the conference participated in the Big East Tournament .	straight
On clear days , eastbound motorists get their first view of downtown Atlanta as they come over the top of the Six Flags Hill .	downtown
The operation of the various processes can often produce ambiguity :	processes
Angham 's vocal trademark is her ability to sing in the whistle register and to transfer true emotions through her songs .	transfer
In 1902 , it was identified as the largest concrete aqueduct in the world .	concrete
In 1989 , Swix bought Norheim , which was once owned by Gresvig AS , and has since been expanding into the technical sportswear market .	technical
Several considerations involving the predator have been shown to be important , including the distance of the predator from the nest .	involving
Once again , he accuses him of being interested in her , but this time , Darryl admits to pursuing her .	interested
The personal interest is often put before the general interest , so that individual employees , able to assist the group , agree to meet targets .	employees
Kirishskya GRES has two tall flue gas stacks , they belong to the tallest chimneys at Russia .	tall
They met secretly at Božić 's home in mid-March to lay down groundwork for an armed rebellion against the Yugoslav state .	armed
The village is home to people of Tangkhul Naga tribe .	tribe
Sir Perfidious has arranged a marriage between his Niece and a local knight , Sir Gregory Fop .	arranged
In total , he finished the season with 6 goals , 8 assists in 24 games across all competitions .	competitions
The VF500F was produced for the North American and European markets .	markets
But the band ran into creative differences as they recorded demos for a second album .	differences
In 1994 , Armstrong was acquired by the Danaher Corporation , where it operated as its industrial hand tools division .	tools
Heavy fights were also fought for the ruins , as the preserved western tower was used as an observation post .	preserved
The store closed down in 1997 , and the record label was born in its place , initially releasing dance and electronic 12 " s .	electronic
In 1719 locals built a wooden church of All saint Arhistratiz 's , which on 18 June 1752 was consecrated by episkopos Partenije .	wooden
Despite this , Gray resigned from the Lyceum in April 1837 to devote his time to the preparations .	resigned
He served the constitutional term of seven years until 28 March 1973 and became then a permanent senator .	permanent
Outside the band name , they released two cover albums consisting of The Beatles ' compositions under the name , The KoppyKats .	consisting
She was also grandmother to musicians Seun Kuti and Femi Kuti .	musicians
Rich catches her getting intimate with the guy , and knocks him down as a response .	getting
This transit mode combines the tram ’ s availability with stops in the street , and the heavy rail ’ s higher speed .	rail
Horlor is also a freelance writing consultant specializing in marketing communications , editorial services and technical writing .	technical
In recent years , November Music has also organised concerts outside the scope of the festival in other Dutch cities .	concerts
Meyer left to write for " The New Show " in late 1983 , a short-lived variety series from " Saturday Night Live " creator Lorne Michaels .	write
The TAP is designed to objectively elicit and measure people ’ s aggression in response to provocation from an opponent .	measure
She cannot revive him because her actions did not cause his death .	actions
By the 1960s , however , Fleetwood began to decline economically .	decline
The surrounding lands are inhabited by snipe , lapwing and curlew .	lands
Beyond these borders are a second pair of outer borders , which include decorative rosettes .	pair
A smaller group of " Leucospermum " species has a more effective method to survive fire .	effective
Damages included an amount of £ 11,500 representing 25 % of the full value of the damages awardable for the plaintiff 's disability .	representing
Each year , in the Spring , the 3rd graders and sixth graders take the PSSAs in math and reading .	reading
Reimer next commanded Company C , 11th Battalion , 3d Brigade , United States Army Training Center , Fort Benning from 1966 to 1967 .	11th
HPTi was awarded the Plaque for Progress in Performance Excellence for three years before obtaining the program 's highest honor .	honor
It started as a Union expedition against the Richmond & Petersburg Railroad .	expedition
However , the Ottomans did occupy most of the Erivan Governorate , forcing the Armenians to sign the Treaty of Batum in June 1918 .	sign
Temperate grasslands are the home to many large herbivores , such as bison , gazelles , zebras , rhinoceroses , and wild horses .	horses
Her hull was constructed of steel and was long , and wide .	steel
The Gromark is a prime sheep fixed at approximately 69 percent Corriedale and 50 percent Border Leicester genetics .	fixed
David Kalstone ( 1933 – June 14 , 1986 ) , was an American writer and literary critic .	literary
According to the historian Fred Prieberg , by the end of 1937 nobody who was correctly informed could accuse Furtwängler of working for the Nazis .	historian
Commission scolaire de la Rivière-du-Nord operates Francophone schools :	operates
It had no connection as such with the Khudai Khidmatgars .	connection
Basically , as those states attracted productive individuals , those individuals gave more to state and local governments through sales and property taxes and the like ” .	attracted
He won the fight via TKO in the second round after Jorgensen was unable to continue after injuring his ankle .	unable
This " Gapt " is felt by many commentators to be an error for " Gaut " .	felt
Brock Gutierrez ( born September 25 , 1973 ) is a National Football League offensive lineman who played for nine seasons in the NFL .	offensive
The " Landesstraßen " ( country roads ) nos .	roads
Within the subcategories the disciplines are refined to address a selected area of expertise and are limited by categories that do not cover all areas of Technology .	address
After Narayanrao 's murder , Raghunathrao became Peshwa but was soon deposed by the courtiers and knights of the Maratha Empire .	murder
He asks Valeria to describe the supposed " betrothal contract " in detail .	asks
The middle and upper classes mostly preferred Scandinavian or German ( and occasionally French ) names .	occasionally
Turkey plans to raise this to 30 % by 2023 .	raise
" 1992 Summer Olympics opening ceremony	ceremony
The late-1960s brought hope of a renaissance , with third baseman Ron Santo , pitcher Ferguson Jenkins , and outfielder Billy Williams joining Banks .	joining
Cholet would advance to the EuroChallenge Final Four , only to lose to Virtus Bologna .	advance
I think that speaks to Nicki 's star power .	think
musacearum " bacteria is transmitted to airborne vectors through exposed male flowers ( see plant reproductive morphology ) .	flowers
On June 3 , Van der Sloot was arrested in Chile on a murder charge and extradited to Peru the next day .	murder
The area returned to Romanian administration following the Axis Powers ' invasion of the Soviet Union in July 1941 .	invasion
The largest ethnic group reported in Hawzen was the Tigrayan ( 99.68 % ) .	ethnic
Luthra started playing golf at a very young age in Kanpur with his father and siblings where there was access to golf courses .	courses
He was also inducted into the McMaster University Alumni Hall of Fame , Alumni Gallery 2004 , in recognition of his career as an inventor and teacher .	recognition
He and Kyle Higgins wrote the " " miniseries which debuted in May 2011 .	debuted
He was the youngest brother of Duarte Borges Coutinho , who was president of sports club S.L .	youngest
This design gave more side protection than larger traditional doors .	protection
Most textbooks were written in a technical style which was difficult to understand and cluttered with Latin words and phrases .	technical
Subsequent independent sources generally agree the number of aces claimed was around 52 , but 15 names differ among the lists , particularly lower-scoring pilots .	lists
With her children grown , she spent long hours painting .	grown
Licensed to Greeneville , Tennessee , United States , the station is currently owned by Radio Greeneville and features programming from Citadel Media and ESPN Radio .	programming
He went on to play a couple of seasons for Surrey before illness in 1965 curtailed his first-class career .	first-class
Deaths : Police : 2 ( 4 injured and 2 civilians killed ) Dorner : 1	injured
Compounds can be constructed by linking carbon and hydrogen atoms with bonds that are all exactly equivalent .	equivalent
With the Cornhusker defense challenging his three-point shot , he scored more points inside the three-point line than outside it for the first time as a Wolverine .	defense
Desolation Canyon was added to the NRHP and declared a National Historic Landmark in 1968 as part of the centennial celebration of the Powell expedition .	expedition
Since 2011 , 80.5 % of perpetrators in shooting incidents have not been arrested .	shooting
He was Kennedy 's first choice for Vice President , but was dropped in favor of Texas Senator Lyndon B. Johnson .	choice
By then , however , Antwerp was secured , its port operating and supplying the Allies .	port
He has published extensively throughout his career on library preservation , conservation issues , and education of library and archives personnel .	personnel
Regency began manufacturing the TR-1 on October 25 , 1954 .	manufacturing
This applies to the field of engineering .	engineering
The complex consists of 19 buildings with nine halls and six courtyards which are connected by corridors and ride north to south in a symmetric pattern .	pattern
This line once continued to Republic , Washington , but was abandoned in 2008 .	abandoned
The city in general has seen significant redevelopment and investment since the Good Friday Agreement .	investment
These summits range from in elevation .	elevation
.His widow Gangabai ( nee Sathe ) who was pregnant at the time of murder gave birth to their son Sawai Madhavrao Peshwa .	murder
During this time , the Minnesota Thunder team again relocated back to their original headquarters in Blaine .	relocated
The Nasik Thermal Power Station consumed 4,626,000 tonnes of coal in 2006-07 .	coal
Greeley took advantage of Ripley 's cheerful style of writing to boost circulation amid significant competition .	advantage
Understanding different worldviews have a significant impact on one 's ICI .	impact
As part of their agreement Aurora was allowed to sell the motors to other parties and pay Indian a royalty .	sell
Næss ( 2007 ) has argued at length for the following two points :	argued
Ricardo Salgado is accused in the White Mountain case .	accused
In 2010 , Earl sold the property to Caesars Entertainment , but retained the brands license .	retained
The squadron was transferred to the China-Burma-India Theater of Operations and consequently spent seven weeks relocating .	squadron
By providing the soulful instrumentals , it allows G Rap to do what he does best with no distractions " .	providing
Twentieth century estates dovetail into those of slightly larger Lancing .	slightly
According to the Harrod – Domar model there are three kinds of growth : warranted growth , actual growth and natural rate of growth .	actual
Stromatium chilense is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
Duy Mạnh was a regular for U-23 Vietnam at SEA Games 2015 that won the bronze medal .	bronze
Pedro Llorente ( born 19 October 1897 , in Elche , Spain ) was a Spanish soccer manager .	soccer
This has not yet been reported in vivo but has been shown in laboratory tests .	tests
Revenge of the Dreamers II is the first compilation album by American record label Dreamville Records and was released on December 8 , 2015 .	compilation
The animals were typically hunted using slingshots , with dogs , or most commonly , by placing snare traps on animal paths .	animal
She edited the choral literature magazine " Native Song " from 1971 to 1991 .	edited
The prize , administered by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences , garnered Morais $ 25,000 .	prize
Whereas the second creation account states that YHWH created Eve from Adam 's rib , because he was lonely ( Genesis 2 : 18 ff . ) .	creation
Microsoft Outlook users can access their calendar data using the Sun Java System Connector for Microsoft Outlook , which is not yet compatible with Outlook 2010 .	users
As Nasser 's representative in Syria , Amer was detained by rebels during the 1961 Syrian coup d 'état and sent back to Cairo .	representative
In addition , other pottery remains of the San Pedro style were found at sites about 5.6 miles ( 9 km ) up the river valley .	valley
The museum was expanded significantly from its humble beginnings in the period 1999 – 2004 .	significantly
Linden High School has been an IB World School since July 2001 , offering students the IB Diploma Programme .	offering
Over 60,000 Italian prisoners of war ( POWs ) were taken captive by the Red Army in the Second World War .	prisoners
Fox is said to have been the instigator in the 1950s of the " quintessentially English " annual cricket match on Bramble Bank in the central Solent .	cricket
" The City Trilogy " was written for adult readers and was originally released under the name of Darren O 'Shaughnessy .	adult
It comprises four city blocks , bounded by North Miami Avenue , NE 2nd Avenue , East Flagler Street and NE 2nd St .	blocks
In its colossal ice-citadel , the White Worm prowls the seas , blasting ships and inhabited land masses with extreme cold .	cold
The goalscoring record is held by Bobby Gurney , with 227 goals in all competitions , in 390 appearances , scored between 1925 and 1950 .	competitions
Omaha was founded in the 1891 when the railroad arrived .	railroad
He resigned before the end of his term , however , and moved to Austin County .	resigned
A large factor in the worldwide occurrence of this flu was increased travel .	factor
This is by size and is small enough to fit in a 3.5 in drive bay .	drive
Today , the college has 83 undergraduate and 44 graduate programs in 23 academic departments and programs .	graduate
While in Peru , Twitty spoke with Flores 's brother Enrique on camera .	camera
The Suburban Handicap was contested at a distance of one and one half miles in 1975 and at a mile and three-sixteenths in 1976 .	contested
In February 2010 , he was elected deputy .	deputy
Over 100 hospitals in Canada were advised to implement similar policies .	policies
Their original purpose was to house altars to the seventy-two most honoured disciples of Confucius and Chu Văn An ( a rector of the Imperial Academy ) .	purpose
This process was temporarily stopped after " The National Education Act " , that allowed the work of the Croatian elementary schools , was adopted .	stopped
The band consists of Mario Camarena ( guitar ) , Erick Hansel ( guitar ) , Esiah Camarena ( bass ) and Nathan Camarena ( drums ) .	bass
The values at the intersections marked with circles are :	values
Remaining goods will be phased into the CET by 2006 .	goods
The Cubs began playing in 1870 as the Chicago White Stockings , joining the National League ( NL ) in 1876 as a charter member .	joining
Desmoplastic small-round-cell tumor is an aggressive and rare cancer that primarily occurs as masses in the abdomen .	rare
Records , distributed in every major online store too .	distributed
Priya jumps out of the car and stands on the road , unsure of what to do and where to go .	stands
However , wine expert Tom Stevenson notes that Muscadet wines do not have much , if any , " muskiness " or Muscat-like flavors or aromas .	notes
Rubberductions is a film company , producing original comedy , drama , music and commercial films .	producing
In his adolescent years he moved to his relative Colonel Hugh Brady in Michigan , where the later was in command of Fort Wayne .	relative
The vessel left London on 3 June 1811 and reached Hobart on 30 October .	vessel
Long-distance opportunities via F2 seem to follow the sun across the globe .	follow
In the district , 1633 property owners applied for the tax relief .	owners
The aircraft were prepared with a number of modifications from standard specification .	prepared
An additional 43 police officers were killed in the violence , according to the Interior Ministry .	violence
Mudah.my receives approximately 1.7 million items listed daily .	items
replacing redundant 7 , 8 , 9 with 1 , 3 , 6 respectively .	replacing
On November 21 , 1943 , the news broke that General George S. Patton , commander of the U.S .	commander
As a sophomore , he played in two games , in which he threw for six yards on 1-of-2 passing with an interception during season .	passing
" Rice and curry " refers to a range of Sri Lankan dishes .	refers
The Manitoba Social Credit Party did not contest this election .	contest
You can find Information of routes and Fares in Official site .	routes
In most " Leucospermum " species , plants are entirely infertile to their own pollen .	entirely
At the time , Siqueiros declined the preservation of his mural .	declined
A further eight vessels were ordered in 1690 , with two more in 1693 and another one in 1694 .	vessels
Shortly after the establishment of the site , an ancient horned altar was found on the hilltop .	establishment
In the conclusion , Lili 's mother takes over her fortune-telling business , and Lili continues to solve crimes with Hiromi 's assistance .	assistance
Partly due to car sharing services , the number of residents parking on Hoboken streets decreased from 2010 to 2015 .	streets
DE 141 heads south through Newport and provides access to Interstate 95 , Interstate 295 , and Interstate 495 .	heads
He demonstrated his regional strength with a double gold in the 1500 metres and 5000 metres at the 2009 South American Championships in Athletics .	strength
is the eighth episode in season three of " Futurama " .	eighth
The condominium units are accessible from the entrance at 1128 West Georgia Street and 1111 Alberni Street .	entrance
The music beautifully captures the soul and spirit of those framed by the Cooper-Schoedsack-Harrison camera . "	camera
In April , Bhana suffered a severe knee injury while playing for the Knights ' Intrust Super Premiership NSW team .	severe
The other was cast in 1325 by Yuan dynasty ( 1271 – 1368 ) politician Xu Zhenjin ( ) .	dynasty
Along with Toto , Porcaro played numerous sessions in Los Angeles , and toured with Michael Franks on his first tour .	toured
This is the first season to feature entirely closed captioning programs on the Big Three networks .	entirely
There are a large variety of flat types and layouts which cater to various housing budgets .	flat
Mondays to Saturdays , there is a half-hourly service southbound to via , continuing to and via in an alternating fashion .	fashion
It has been hypothesized that melamine may interact synergistically with its three analogues , but no studies have been conducted that specifically test this hypothesis .	specifically
Both applications can be implemented to detect gunfire under static and dynamic conditions .	applications
He served as the Dance Editor of " Show Business " magazine , writing weekly dance reviews and reporting on the contemporary dance scene .	weekly
Consolidation of the central administrations would not require the closing of any schools .	require
Landau was one of the founders of the Israel Oriental Society in 1949 and served as its first secretary .	secretary
Christian Science did not have missionaries , so it relied on internal growth , but the conversion rate within families was not high .	internal
It was repulsed by the Egyptians , as had been expected , but succeeded in its purpose .	purpose
However , in spite of this effort , Bonaparte was not as confident about this operation as was later his custom .	effort
This was the theme of 1954 's " Three Coins in the Fountain " and the Academy Award-winning song by that name which introduced the picture .	picture
Their numbers were sufficient to lead to the creation of an umbrella group , The Canadian Federation of Biological Societies in 1957 .	creation
Western journalists , who sometimes felt themselves excluded from sources of information , could find an unexpected ally in the Agitprop Secretary .	felt
, but will move to a permanent site , believed to be North Wharf Road , near Paddington Station .	permanent
We left with a great deal of respect for them .	respect
" I used to be a teacher many years ago " , she sings , " and now I 'm here to learn from you " .	learn
He served in the House , representing the Shirlea district until his retirement in 1977 .	representing
He was initially placed in the position of defensive end .	defensive
Tippmannia bucki is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
In 1833 , Benbow was appointed as joint executor and trustee of the estates of the late John Ward , 1st Earl of Dudley .	joint
He also became a distinguished lecturer of the IEEE Robotics and Automation Society .	distinguished
Qualification rule : The first five finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next nine fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the semifinals .	heat
The idol was found in the adjoining lake ( to Mr. Dhondu Paudkar in 1690AD ) , in an immersed position and hence its weathered look .	look
As of the census of 2000 , there were 143 people , 62 households , and 37 families residing in the town .	residing
It is conferred upon a renowned artist whose work constitutes a significant contribution to the artistic legacy of the world .	artistic
He is founder and President of Monarch International ( established 1978 ) , an international trading company with offices in several countries .	offices
Before 1212 the monks founded the churches of St Michel at La Tour and St Dizier & St Blaise at St Dizier .	churches
Laurie Hawn was a Canadian representative and a co-chair of the Permanent Canada-United States Joint Board of Defence as of 2012 .	representative
After his retirement from racing , Intense Focus became a breeding stallion at the Ballylinch Stud in County Kilkenny .	racing
Paul Guest ( born in Chattanooga , Tennessee ) is an American poet and memoirist .	poet
Anna Helena Olsdotter Arnmar , born " Bergman " on 22 June 1963 in Sundbyberg Municipality , Sweden , is a Swedish television journalist and presenter .	journalist
In March 1930 , in " Facla " , he published the only interview ever granted by Constantin Brâncuși , then on a visit to Bucharest .	interview
However , " Gigantura chuni " ( at about 15.6 cm standard length ) is slightly more robust in build .	slightly
With his colleagues in NPI he developed Theory U , which later developed as an influential management concept popularized by Otto Scharmer .	influential
There were also playlists based on music genres , celebrities , television shows on MTV , VH1 and CMT and popularity .	popularity
Malcolm Arnold wrote his Five William Blake Songs with Bowden in mind .	mind
In the late 18th century , after the French conquest of Italy , the abbey was suppressed and sacked .	18th
The FASTBUS standard was introduced in 1984 as a replacement for CAMAC in large systems .	replacement
In January 1953 the 559th was redesignated as a strategic fighter squadron .	squadron
The complex also contains the only apartment accommodation in the suburb .	suburb
Fire protection to Rehoboth Beach and nearby areas is provided by the Rehoboth Beach Volunteer Fire Company , which maintains three stations .	protection
Born in Montpellier , he was educated at the Oratorian-maintained military school of Tournon , and entered artillery service at an early age .	artillery
Major Leonid Telyatnikov , the commander of Fire Station No .	commander
Ripley mentions that she no longer has nightmares about the aliens ; she plainly states that they " can 't be stopped .	stopped
The protracted transfer was finally completed on 30 January 2008 , with the fee reported to be in the region of £ 9 million .	transfer
Joplin heard it sung by a friend of McClure 's , and she began to sing it , too .	heard
He was invited to play in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl in San Antonio , Texas .	invited
The larvae feed on " Solidago " species .	feed
This hot-spring acts as a big tourist attraction of the region .	acts
The MMP family is formed by twenty related zinc-dependent enzymes .	twenty
By the time of his death , his company was worth US $ 40 million .	worth
On 24 January 2013 , following the resignation of Nitin Gadkari due to corruption charges , Singh was re-elected as the BJP 's National President .	charges
In 1981 , he became the youngest president and was re-elected in 1983 .	youngest
Examples are excited electronic states of NH and the benzene radical cation .	electronic
The astro-comb uses a pulsed laser to filter starlight before feeding the signal into a spectrograph .	signal
Opisthocomiforms seem to have been much more widespread in the past , with the present South American distribution being only a relic .	widespread
In the middle of the video , there is an extended dance sequence , in which she performs a flamenco-influenced routine .	sequence
The second , or relative , way the capitalist can increase surplus value is to revolutionize changes in the production method .	relative
The car was not considered to have been illegal when it raced however , so the Swedish Grand Prix win stood .	stood
The series was originally broadcast on TNT in two parts , airing June 29 and 30 , 2003 and involved location shooting in Malta and Bulgaria .	shooting
Telefónica Ireland was a broadband and telecommunications provider in Ireland that traded under the O2 brand ( typeset as O ) .	brand
Yagnik agreed to record after deciding that the melodies were meant for her voice quality .	meant
The concept initiated from a traveling sitar , which was modified by Kumar to create rock guitar sound out of it .	modified
Cheech sings , and Tommy plays piano — that 's all it was at first .	piano
For instance , narrative " sijo " ( " sasol sijo " ) is more novel-like , with the second line being long and completely expanded .	instance
Beitar Jerusalem and Degel Zion Tel Aviv withdrew shortly after the season started .	shortly
The original version was narrated entirely by Will .	entirely
Leland is left with the same type of pain that Monk has learned to deal with .	learned
In World War II , Grafton served with distinction as a military deception officer in the India-Burma theater .	theater
The region that includes the Seto Inland Sea and the coastal areas of Honshū , Shikoku , and Kyūshū is known as the Setouchi Region .	coastal
Because this is a rare tumor , not many family physicians or oncologists are familiar with this disease .	rare
Not much is known about the area 's history during the medieval period and it remains unclear whether it was continuously inhabited at all .	medieval
Today all that is left of the site is a few railway sidings that shortline operator Orangeville Brampton Railway occasionally uses .	occasionally
Wodehouse discussed ideas used for the character of Stilton Cheesewright in a letter he wrote to his friend William " Bill " Townend .	ideas
Khan drew his first recruits from the young men who had graduated from his schools .	drew
It is located on a road that joins Route 3 with Route 30 , about southeast of Bella Unión .	southeast
Money assumes the measure of value of a commodity , i.e .	measure
Some Bacteria and Archaea can aerobically oxidize elemental sulfur to sulfuric acid .	acid
The new constitution also limited the presidential term to five years , but appointed Al-Ameer Mohamed Ameen Dhoshimeyna Kilegefaanu as the first president of the Maldives .	presidential
The value of η is the strain in the crystallites , the value of D represents the size of the crystallites .	represents
The ridership from Geilo turned out to be insufficient to make a profit , and both Coast Aero Center and Norving terminated their routes .	routes
In 3rd grade , 88.5 % of the pupils were reading on grade level .	reading
He ranked fourth in 100-yard games ( 11 ) and seventh in all-purpose yards ( 3,660 ) .	seventh
The head has narrow , hairy phyllaries at the base .	narrow
Ronnie was found dead in his back garden in September 2007 .	garden
Devin Funchess extended his streak of consecutive games with a reception to 18 games .	consecutive
DeJesus wrote every single released song by himself or with other writers and band members .	writers
The net effect , when compression is applied along with a gain boost , is that relatively quiet sounds become louder , while louder sounds remain unchanged .	gain
Just days later , the city of Hot Springs had the " red brick " portion of the building razed .	brick
It was the southernmost fort of this Limes with the Rhaetian Limes to its east .	fort
In 2005 , Kumao created a series of machines suggesting women 's legs for the piece " Misbehaving : Media Machines Act Out . "	piece
During his five years with the Detroit Drive the Drive won four Arena Bowl championships 1988 , 1989 , 1990 and 1992 .	championships
On August 7 at Hardcore Justice , Beer Money , Inc. successfully defended the TNA World Tag Team Championship against Mexican America ( Anarquia and Hernandez ) .	successfully
No major radio maker , including RCA , Philco , and Emerson , was interested .	interested
The United Kingdom reasserted sovereignty over the Falkland Islands in the far South Atlantic in 1833 and maintained a continuous presence there .	maintained
Government ministers have already made plans to facilitate viable tools in assisting with the roll out .	tools
The 25th and last Nieuport 16 was delivered on 6 August 1916 .	delivered
Several good-will actions were organized in there .	actions
Mr. R.A. Goodchild , the SITC Principal , was assigned as a temporary Principal for this new school .	temporary
In 1895 a monument to him by the sculptor Alfred Marzolff was erected in Strasbourg , the place of his death .	erected
The town is a part of the fertile Cauvery delta region , but manufacturing industries and stone quarrying are the major occupations .	manufacturing
Dayton Township is one of twelve townships in Chickasaw County , Iowa , USA .	twelve
Embraceable You is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker recorded in 1957 but not released on the Pacific Jazz label until 1995 .	jazz
" H-5 " was launched on 24 September 1918 , and commissioned on 30 September 1918 with Lieutenant Gordon Hutchins in command .	commissioned
Therefore , as bacteria in a wastewater treatment plant consume nutrients in the wastewater , they grow and phosphorus is incorporated into the bacterial biomass .	grow
There are currently three large supermarket stores in the town centre – a new Sainsbury 's , an Asda and a Morrisons .	stores
The synod condemned Manichaeans , and their practices .	practices
On August 9 , the seconds ( Thomas Wayne for Stark and Charles Spalding for Minis ) began their negotiations .	seconds
Sentinel Major was originally one of the Quintessons ' slave robots on Cybertron around twelve million years ago .	twelve
Prior to becoming a full-time cyclist , Eadie was a kindergarten teacher .	full-time
Other classifiers , such as the AAA Five Diamond Award , use diamonds instead of stars to express hotel ratings levels .	hotel
He was elected , in 1932 , as a trial court judge .	judge
Also , the swimming pool scenes were shot in Berlin .	scenes
In 1937 Bernard Fantus , director of therapeutics at the Cook County Hospital in Chicago , established the first hospital blood bank in the United States .	blood
These offer another way to reduce detectability , and may provide electromagnetic near-invisibility in designed wavelengths .	reduce
Both vehicles are frequently turned from their original directions of travel .	vehicles
The Roman historian Arrian wrote that the Romans took the " draco " from the Scythians , most probably a term for the contemporary Sarmatians .	historian
Soon after , both executives were hired in similar roles at Chrysler Corporation .	hired
Each piano produced one set of intervals but all of these pianos have sets of 96 keys unlike common pianos .	piano
From 1950 – 1952 , it was relegated to amateur status due to poor results .	amateur
These discoveries led to successive expeditions in search for Terra Australis , both by Mendaña himself and by Pedro Fernandes de Queirós .	search
The club is competing in 2010-11 in Srpska Liga West .	competing
It warehoused many of the city 's goods , mostly tobacco .	goods
The original draft of the act grew out of the so-called Gerard Swope plan for Recovery . "	draft
In the meantime the populace fell upon the synagogue in the suburb of Jobar , pillaged it , and destroyed the scrolls of the Law .	suburb
Here , the 8th experienced what to date was its hardest fighting of the war .	experienced
Elway was then knocked out of the game after suffering a deep thigh bruise , and was replaced by backup Gary Kubiak .	deep
Active thermal management is generally not required , except given extreme ambient temperature .	temperature
This arrangement paved the way for the eventual loss of the region to the Magyars , although that happened over the half-century following Petar 's death .	happened
Katharine Graham described her own anxiety and lack of confidence based on her gender in her autobiography .	gender
That record would stand until Jeremy McGrath broke Hannah ’ s overall win record in 1999 .	stand
As of 2017 , there are no women who have qualified for the professional player group , which consists only of males as a result .	qualified
This has been proved in particular in the fly retina .	proved
Hitler forbade news of the award to be spread in Germany .	spread
ATLANCO 's offices are located in Marietta , Georgia .	offices
From September 22 – 23 , 2001 , Lopez performed a set of two concerts in Puerto Rico , entitled Let 's Get Loud .	concerts
The armored bulkhead protecting the pilot from the front was thick .	pilot
Live at SuperJam , 102 JAMZ ' Waleed Coyote introduced a surprise guest , Three 6 Mafia .	guest
At the end of the 2009 – 10 season , Léo-Guy Morrissette bought back control of the team from his children at their request .	request
Indy Regency Racing folded and returned to Indy Lights , leaving Dutchman Arie Luyendyk without a full-time ride .	full-time
He practised first in Bristol , and then in London , where he acquired a reputation .	reputation
The grounds have a collection of topiary .	grounds
They consume mosquito larvae , which reduces the numbers of adult females , the disease ’ s vector .	adult
The electric department is a member of the Delaware Municipal Electric Corporation .	electric
As its name indicates , CPW forms the western edge of Central Park .	edge
When this has happened , the war countdown begins .	happened
He also added 7 receptions for 90 yards and 26 returns for 599 yards .	returns
The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student 's building principal and requesting an evaluation .	teachers
The locomotives were equipped with six-wheeled tenders .	equipped
Dakota takes Lickner 's gun and gets on his motorcycle to Sommers 's home .	gets
With Anne Green as festival producer , Wordfest 's first festival featured 50 authors and two dozen events over the course of four days .	authors
The earthquake destroyed wine cellars and mud containers used for wine storage .	storage
Clokey worked for the glass merchants Campbell Brothers of Belfast .	glass
Ilača became target of pilgrimage for Roman Catholic Croats , Germans , Hungarians as well as for Eastern-rite Catholic Pannonian Rusyns .	target
Since the school 's foundation in 1863 , the following 15 men have held the post of headmaster of Maritzburg College :	foundation
" Two-Lane Blacktop " is a song by Rob Zombie from his " Past , Present & Future " compilation album .	compilation
Prior to England and Scotland uniting in 1707 , each kingdom enforced their own system of weights and measures .	measures
It was filmed in Boston , and featured footage of Boston Common , the Trinity Church , the Hancock Tower and Logan Airport .	filmed
Nikki Rowe High School was the first in McAllen to establish the ACE program — A Chance to Excel .	establish
He played one first-class game for MCC in 1904 which was against Derbyshire and then joined Derbyshire in the 1905 season .	first-class
It is therefore appropriate to determine that a unified definition for certification is not apparent .	determine
The company 's first major work was " Math Girls " , a mathematics-themed young adult novel by Hiroshi Yuki .	adult
Criminals contacted included prostitutes , drug abusers , sex offenders , and murderers .	drug
The road crosses Williams Pond before passing through commercial areas and coming to a bridge over the Nanticoke River .	passing
He called for preparation of a large , powerful army and was active in the privately funded Plattsburg Training Camp Movement to train potential officers .	powerful
Wickede again served as the commander .	commander
As a footnote to this comment , Diderot added a strong defense of Grimm , Mme .	defense
Author Gould likes " When Tomorrow , " written on her 14th birthday last August :	14th
It remains on Grand Avenue until Queens Boulevard , when it turns right while the Q58 goes to Corona Avenue to reach Flushing .	turns
Much of Season 1 , Episode 7 of Amazon 's " The Grand Tour " was filmed here .	filmed
Through sturdy imagery and violent action , it says that even Hell needs heroes . "	needs
The old Louisville and Nashville Steam Locomotive # 152 is one of the trains used to take passengers to Boston , Kentucky , and back .	passengers
However , value does not mean anything unless it conjoins back to use value .	mean
Ingvald Mareno Smith-Kielland ( 20 September 1919 – 9 May 2012 ) was a Norwegian royal servant .	royal
The lake level would have peaked from 16,000 to 14,500 years ago at altitude .	peaked
He recorded three more interceptions that year , tying safety Ed Reed for the team lead with 4 .	safety
The first documented proof of the existence of Bonchurch is found in the Domesday Book .	existence
" Australian women 's cricket team in New Zealand in 2015 – 16	cricket
The bill entered Parliament on 17 November 2015 .	bill
Dolby Digital , DTS and SDDS , with Screen 7 in particular equipped for all three systems .	equipped
Webb played 814 games in his NBA career , averaging 9.9 points per game , and registering 8,072 points and 4,342 assists in twelve seasons .	twelve
Schlangenbad ’ s thermal springs were discovered in the mid 17th century .	17th
The church was founded by 17th century Dutch settlers .	17th
Through their conversation , in which they both believe Angel is with them , they deduce that Wesley is not Angel .	believe
Wilfred France Senior being , among other things a self-employed butcher .	things
The papers focus on descriptive and experimental psychiatry from Jung 's early days in medical practice .	papers
Raja Sen opined that " Warsi [ was ] killing all the streetside-cred he 's built up with bhai-sidekick roles by overdoing it . "	killing
She played a supporting role in the 1983 fantasy adventure " The Lost Empire " , directed by Jim Wynorski .	supporting
The Gauss Tower is a reinforced concrete observation tower on the summit of the Hoher Hagen in Dransfeld , Germany .	concrete
Polesitter Parker Johnstone also dropped out with brake failure , and 3rd place runner Eddie Cheever 's gearbox quit .	failure
His memoirs Tárikh-i-Samandar was regularly referred to and seen a source of valuable Bahá ’ í history .	regularly
In 2001 , the facility changed ownership again when it was purchased by AHMC .	ownership
In 1900 he taught literature and philosophy at the Benigno Malo School .	philosophy
This unusual licensing arrangement made qmail non-free according to some guidelines ( such as the DFSG ) , and was a cause of controversy .	unusual
Pierre appeared on the first year of HBO 's Def Comedy Jam , than starred on BET Comicview .	starred
Instead he decided to expand his interests , initially in other European countries .	interests
The per capita income for the city was $ 14,620 .	capita
" Dryas octopetala " has a widespread occurrence throughout mountainous areas where it is generally restricted to limestone outcrops .	widespread
His " rookie fashion critiquing " made it into " Women 's Wear Daily " , " Elle " , and " Glamour " .	fashion
She is married to Patrick Dalli , a figurative painter .	painter
Captain Loupanoff of the Russian Legion was decorated with the Medal of the Legion of Honor by the commander of the Moroccan Division , General Douzan .	commander
On the floor in his room there was a book by Mary Renault open at the page where the king leaps into the sea .	page
In the period ( 2001 – 2005 ) , the Government paid about US $ 75.6 million in direct tariff subsidies to residential consumers .	residential
The North Sandwich Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house at the northwest junction of Quaker-Whiteface Road and Brown Hill Road in Sandwich , New Hampshire .	northwest
utilized to derive the performance from the FPU by controlling the direct memory access	memory
The total population of the fossa living within protected areas is estimated at less than 2,500 adults , but this may be an overestimate .	protected
She grew up in Constantinople and lived there until her family was deported during the 1923 population exchange between Greece and Turkey and sent to Thessaloniki .	exchange
Women ’ s rights groups , land rights groups , youth groups , village paralegals , agricultural workers ’ groups , etc .	agricultural
Plans to run the colt in the Poule d 'Essai des Poulains were abandoned after rain softened the ground in France .	abandoned
In particular , her constant harassment and bullying of contestants Bharani , Julie and then Oviya were widely criticised .	constant
Devine also had two kickoff returns for 40 yards .	returns
In Chinese the name translates as " Peach " mountain , due to the view from southwest side .	southwest
A TV3 spokeswoman said both the network and Kills apologised for the incident .	incident
Girls are admitted to the sixth form .	admitted
Primeaux is an unincorporated community in Eureka County , Nevada , United States .	unincorporated
Afterwards , Jean-Louis confesses to Françoise that he came from Maud 's bed on the morning he first met her .	morning
Louisa Jo Killen ( born Louis Killen ; 10 January 1934 – 9 August 2013 ) was an English folk singer from Gateshead , Tyneside .	folk
The film , which stars Arden 's son Sebastian Saville , was shot on film and video in colour with black and white sequences .	colour
There is sometimes an indistinct spot of a greenish tinge before the tornus .	spot
In 2018 Mike Cannon-Brookes bought the house next door , Fairwater , Australia 's most expensive house at around $ 100m .	door
Kazuo Uzuki is the subject of a baseball card issued by Topps as an April Fools ' Day hoax .	card
It can be shown that formula _ 97 is " not " the time derivative of any vector , in contrast to the usual definition of velocity .	contrast
Movement to join army in rear of Vicksburg , Miss . , May 2 – 14 .	rear
He was criticized after the war for being too submissive to the Germans .	criticized
It also produces byproduct gases that have more carbon-carbon double bonds ( i.e .	produces
Construction was funded by the provincial and federal governments .	provincial
Within the framework of administrative divisions , Aleksinsky District is one of the twenty-three in the oblast .	divisions
The neighborhood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 .	neighborhood
An increase in a project ’ s cost due to its indirect costs being increased because of a longer project duration .	costs
The film 's music is composed by Srikanth Deva , while the background score was composed by his father Deva .	background
Calculations are based on a heavy breathing rate of 30 litres per minute and an initial tank pressure of .	minute
She shared the regency with the grandees , particularly Liparit IV , Duke of Trialeti , and Ivane , Duke of Kartli .	shared
Researchers provided evidence that substance-related stimuli capture the attention of individuals when they have high and intense motivation to consume the substance .	capture
Amidst frequent interruptions by rain , he completed his hundred early on the fourth day and a six off Warne brought up the 150 .	hundred
That speech was successful in winning General Gaines ' support for the Creek position .	speech
Freedom , argues Fromm , became an important issue in the 20th century , being seen as something to be fought for and defended .	something
In a 2006 interview with " The Globe and Mail " Cohen said :	interview
Cantrell also played bass on the track " Love Song " , from the 1992 " Sap " EP .	bass
In the Archaic period ( c . 8000-1000 BCE ) which followed , hunter-gatherers in Ocmulgee basin used fiber-tempered pottery and stone tools .	tools
In 1973 , Gluck 's colt Protagonist was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Male Horse and his filly Talking Picture earned American Champion Two-Year-Old Female Horse honors .	voted
Some consider the aboyne as quite suited to the graceful movements of the National dances .	quite
In 2003 , the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation ordered excavation of the intersection of PA 739 and PA 2001 ( Milford Road ) .	intersection
The stories were originally published in " The New Yorker " and then collected and published as the book " My Sister Eileen " ( 1938 ) .	collected
The East German government posted bail for Zehe in June 1984 .	posted
Production values are of the highest standard . "	values
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age , roughly the start of the first millennium BC .	roughly
A hundred segment arc 's chord can be considered as composite 10 segment-10 subsegments , thus	hundred
Hickey was elected to the Newfoundland assembly in 1966 and was reelected in 1971 , 1972 , 1975 , 1979 and 1982 .	assembly
It said that Felker had failed to take advantage of the earlier period to prepare for a hearing and review materials .	advantage
Guillaume de Sardes , is a writer , a photographer , an historian of art and a French curator .	historian
Albert has sold the Cafe Candide and owns an upper-class black-market restaurant , called the " Restaurant Candide " , which is prominently located in the Grand-Place .	restaurant
However , in celebration of the series ' twentieth anniversary , the game abruptly saw release on the Wii U Virtual Console on February 23 , 2017 .	anniversary
With lateral thinking one realizes that a pattern cannot be restructured from within itself but only as the result of some outside influence " – Edward de Bono	pattern
Upon arriving they immediately get into deep trouble that is compounded by some bad news .	deep
Chung regarded his pitching wedge as the best of the eight clubs in his bag , however .	regarded
The Orenda ( Orenda Aerospace ) jet engine factory developed jet power plants for the new aircraft .	factory
In the meantime , however , the plans had been somewhat reduced .	somewhat
In this case the equipment is operated like a scanning electron microscope , with a resolution of about 0,1 mm ( limited by the beam diameter ) .	diameter
He was secretary of the United States Chess Federation 2003 – 2005 .	secretary
Cherbourg was the only port that was repaired in time to be used .	port
Abundant , shallow craters filled with smooth , flat-lying deposits are common .	filled
We are basically saying on this night , there are other things going on around issues of justice and dignity . "	things
In her works she often photographs representatives of sexual minorities .	sexual
In 1991 José founded the Mariachi Heritage Society , a non-profit organization whose purpose is to teach mariachi music to children .	purpose
As part of the plan , 2,000 state houses will be sold by January 2016 , and up to 8,000 properties will be sold by 2017 .	properties
This season , episodes featured locations like Miami , Las Vegas , Roswell , and New Orleans .	locations
The original wooden signpost had six destination blades including Dog Island , Ruapuke Island , Wellington , London and the South Pole .	wooden
After approaching officials in Salt Lake City , he settled on Portland .	officials
The Society is affiliated with the Ohio Union and its leadership development programs .	affiliated
Erika Lauren Wasilewski , known on-air simply as Erika Lauren , is an American radio personality , singer-songwriter and former reality television personality .	reality
In the pre-perestroika years , her literary works were banned by the censorship .	literary
These contacts with European-based photographers , and the photographic negatives he brought with him , became the foundation for the new business .	foundation
However , a survey conducted in 2008 in Japan suggested that nearly one third of married men would accept the role .	suggested
Today , it is open for burials only for direct descendants of W. D. Browder , owing to limited plot availability .	plot
[ a Hindustani epithet ] , and prepared to resume operations .	prepared
It has been posited that Terry Goodkind knew from the beginning which character he was going to kill .	kill
his first strong showing of national exposure .	showing
Modern usage varies greatly , and in some cases the term is used as an honorific title that may have no direct relationship to military service .	greatly
He tells her he will never be the man she loves , and she needs to go be with Angel .	needs
In 1959 , the problem of shortage still remained a serious problem .	serious
( The Cox engines employed a starting spring which kept fingers free of the propellor and generally ensured correct rotational direction . )	engines
The coverslips then bonded to the flow cell body and any unattached beads will be removed .	flow
A total of 10 camera people .	camera
In 2015 , BET wrote , " We don ’ t think anyone can forget Jennifer 's saucy dance number from her debut video . "	think
The Chrysler Imperial , introduced in 1926 , was Chrysler 's top-of-the-line vehicle for much of its history .	vehicle
It also received the World Car Award in March 1999 , voted by an international jury of automotive journalists in Geneva .	voted
His body was placed in the family plot in the " old cemetery " at Jesmond .	plot
The Sheffield Carols , as they are known locally , predate modern carols by over a century and are sung with alternative words and verses .	alternative
Weehawken , with a population density about equal to that of Jersey City , is among the most densely populated municipalities in the United States .	equal
Meade had to rebuild the railroad when he reoccupied the area around Bristoe Station .	railroad
Tom decides to resign and he tells Susan that he is going to Ireland to see some relatives .	decides
He represented the Aliganj constituency and is a member of the Samajwadi Party political party .	constituency
He is one of only four individuals to play , coach or announce professional baseball during part of eight decades .	decades
Twelve individuals have occupied the State Firewarden position since the establishment of the Forest Fire Service in 1906 .	establishment
This was later to grow into the Improv Olympic , better known as the I.O ..	grow
The Lilleküla Football Complex also includes two grass surface pitches , two artificial turf pitches and an indoor hall .	hall
Dutch Island is located southeast of Savannah at .	southeast
The village was later rebuilt at a lower altitude .	rebuilt
He uses his knowledge of London helps the guests anyway he can , in some cases this includes finding prostitutes .	knowledge
The DS re-release contains all of the bonus material from the PlayStation port , as well as other enhancements .	port
Their thermoneutral body temperature is around ( 34.4 ° C. )	temperature
Israel naval bases in the Sinai Peninsula were evacuated .	naval
Her Uncle Henry created a medallion showing the young Laure-Therese .	showing
Between 1909 and 1924 , the " Bad Salzufler und Schötmarschen Straßenbahn GmbH " plied their trade between those towns .	towns
Some historical rulers have used special " marshal " titles to reward certain subjects .	subjects
The band undertook a tour of Tokyo venues to promote the album through February 2016 , culminating in a sold-out concert on February 14 .	promote
He progressed through the youth ranks at the Berkshire club before signing his first professional contract in the summer of 2011 , a one-year deal .	signing
On either side of the well stand two great halls which house the treasures of the temple .	stand
Lo no more , they gonna want the ' I 'm Real ' version " .	want
It is located between the islands of Útila and Guanaja , and is the largest of the Bay Islands of Honduras .	islands
After the ABL folded due to financial difficulties , Edwards was selected by the Minnesota Lynx in the 1999 WNBA draft .	draft
A steam engine was added in 1889 as auxiliary power .	steam
The bark is smooth and red-brown , grey greenish grey or silvery white , but occasionally there is a short rough stocking .	occasionally
When the Thing learned that Johnny and " Alicia " were lovers , they became estranged .	learned
Today there are 26 such schools covering all the states of the country .	covering
These views were controversial , because Cable was overseeing in a sub-judicial role the bid by Murdoch 's News Corporation for all of BSkyB .	views
Smith compares translating lip synced dialogue to writing entirely in haiku .	entirely
They were later joined by Alok Deshpande as well as two of Sam ’ s childhood friends , Rick & Tom Pernikoff .	childhood
For instance , it anachronistically cites Martin as Archbishop of Santiago de Compostela even though he was not consecrated until 1156 .	instance
He settled in Toronto after the war where he worked as a purchase manager for Sears .	purchase
Staged with full orchestra and 40-member cast , the run was extended twice due to popular demand .	demand
One word which does not conform is the first word , where the music has a low note despite the acute accent .	note
The Wanga speak Oluwanga and occupy Mumias and Matungu Districts .	speak
Tango appears in different aspects of society : Regular milongas and special festivals .	aspects
Currently , he is the chairman and senior professor of surgery at the University of Kelaniya Medical School , Sri Lanka .	surgery
Incumbent President Carlos P. Garcia lost his opportunity for a second full term as President of the Philippines to Vice President President Diosdado Macapagal .	opportunity
Dynamo crowned as champions of 3 .	champions
Hence , the invention of the device by Hans W. Becke is decisively more important .	device
The castle was used as a manor house for some years , before falling into ruin .	castle
Similarly , if two conductors are near each other carrying AC current , their resistances increase due to the proximity effect .	carrying
Often trains would report deaths , especially among children and elderly , before reaching the destination .	reaching
Vacuum tubes are used in a configuration called " variable-mu " where the grid-to-cathode voltage changes to alter the gain .	gain
It keeps you from reaching for the gun too quickly .	reaching
Knut Magnus Enckell ( November 9 , 1870 in Hamina – November 27 , 1925 in Stockholm ) was a Finnish symbolist painter .	painter
The artificial element decays into alpha particles .	element
Charlie Buchan is the next highest goalscorer , closely behind Gurney with 221 goals , in 411 games , from 1911 to 1925 .	closely
While undertaking his degree Sommers acted in several stage productions , starting in 2001 in " Uncle Vanya " .	acted
In September 2018 , PokerStars revealed PokerStars VR , a fully immersive virtual reality poker experience .	reality
Wilgus 's plan was approved , and subsequently , Grand Central Depot was demolished in phases and replaced with the current Beaux Arts-style Grand Central Terminal .	demolished
The hand not performing the nelson is placed on the opponent 's head to increase the overall power of the half nelson .	performing
They were known as " Donut Lassies " and are credited with popularising donuts in the United States .	credited
One is the genetic or biological theory , which states that close relatives of people with delusional disorder are at increased risk of delusional traits .	risk
An audio to accompany the release of " Grateful " was released onto YouTube on February 24 , 2016 .	onto
The hallmark for Reaganomics was , in part , the wide-scale deregulation of corporate interests , and tax cuts for the wealthy .	interests
Strange objects have been sighted on the moon near Mons Pico .	objects
There are 44 distinct handshapes used in the language .	distinct
He also played two years of basketball and was a second-team All-Conference selection .	selection
A city manager is responsible to the commission for the administration of all city affairs .	commission
The King Coal was a passenger train operated by the Reading Railroad between Philadelphia and Shamokin , Pennsylvania .	passenger
She is also the literary editor at " This Magazine " .	literary
His report also rejected that hogging stresses caused the " Bradley " to sink .	rejected
Bongo records is owned by a very influential person in the Tanzanian hip-hop / Bongo Flava scene that is taking place in this part of Africa .	influential
The Wehrmacht War Crimes Bureau investigation in 1939 – 1940 claimed that the events were a result of panic and confusion among the Polish troops .	investigation
With more than 100 stores in New England and Upstate New York , they 've been a local mainstay for generations .	stores
It also had a spring starter and red aluminium spinner , and the fuel intake tube was extended below the plastic backplate .	fuel
Hydrogen bonding in aqueous solutions is important for proper protein and DNA function .	protein
The genus is endemic to East Asia and Southeast Asia .	endemic
To deliver his response to Boris ’ questions , Pope Nicholas I sent two bishops to Bulgaria : Paul of Populonia and Formosus of Porto .	questions
Thorn faithfully discharged the duties of his office to the satisfaction of his superiors .	duties
Gerardo Dottori made a specifically Futurist contribution to landscape painting , which he frequently shows from an aerial viewpoint .	specifically
On the other hand , in LAV , the source database is modeled as a set of views over formula _ 2 .	views
However communal segregation has continued since then , with occasional low level street violence in isolated flashpoints and the construction of new Peace Lines .	violence
Even though some Bambinos appear hairless , they can be covered with a short , fine down .	fine
Gunn and Wesley try to convince the rebels that they know the princess and suggest they use them to contact her .	contact
She is of English and Irish descent and has three sisters , including an identical twin .	descent
From July 7 , 2011 to October 14 , 2011 , Shallow starred in CBS 's " Around the World For Free " .	starred
… Available data indicate that simultaneous exposure to melamine and cyanuric acid is more toxic than exposures to each compound individually .	acid
The White Mountain School Field Course is a week-long , academic exploration of a specific topic that occurs within an appropriate geographic setting .	setting
While Ultrium drives are also defined by a particular generation , they are required to have some level of compatibility with older generations of cartridges .	generation
After coming back , EeOneGuy has been living and studying in Warsaw .	studying
This is because as demand for more land increases , the fallow period by necessity declines .	demand
Álvarez responded with power punches , landing especially to the body .	landing
During the reform era Chen refused to meet with foreigners .	reform
One of the main questions in neurochemistry concerned D-aspartate ( D-Asp ) .	questions
He settled in the banks of the Pan-ay river and built a pueblo .	banks
The weight is 5 to 9 pounds .	weight
A small but dedicated community of dice shooters claim proof of dice influencing in casino conditions .	claim
The rope snapped , and the boys drowned .	boys
the current and the desired situation .	situation
A large number of smaller objects in enamel pottery were also deposited with the dead .	objects
Kerkyra finished 3 years of spell in the top level while AEK faced first relegation to second division after 89 years .	faced
Following a formal tender process the Pavilion was closed on 13 May 2013 .	formal
Consequently , multi-color tattoo removal almost always requires the use of two or more laser wavelengths .	requires
The first bound volume was released on November 21 , 2008 , followed by the fourth on February 23 , 2010 .	volume
Drag cost is computed at the activity level , but is caused by the impact at the project level due to :	impact
The Fifth National Government , elected in 2008 , has carried out a programme of incremental reforms of state housing .	programme
He had three daughters — Ann , Rupa , and Judith — with his first wife Ruth Albert Cook Redding .	daughters
Following a venue change , a new indictment was made April 24 , 1989 .	venue
The competing package EndNote does not offer this functionality , but Citavi does .	competing
The function for 35 % of the proteins is currently unknown and for this reason they are called hypothetical proteins .	reason
All of these were demolished in the 1960s to make way for construction of the North Berkeley station .	demolished
15 on the " Billboard " Hot 100 , becoming the only spoof to peak higher than the corresponding original .	peak
This season , he scored in double figures in 27 of 28 games and finished first in five scoring categories for the team .	figures
Lower Normandy has also been the home of many well-known French authors , including Guy de Maupassant , Marcel Proust , Jules Barbey d 'Aurevilly .	authors
Kayli Barker ( born July 25 , 1997 ) is an American race car driver based in Las Vegas , Nevada .	driver
Wurzelbauer was 64 when he began this second career , but proved himself to be an able assistant to Eimmart .	proved
The percentage of foreign nationals in all arrestees charged in penal code crimes was about 2.0 % and this number has remained relatively stable .	charged
There are currently two different levels of Pony League play : Colt and palomino Pony divisions .	divisions
It wasn 't until after Fulham first reached the top division , in 1949 , that further improvements were made to the stadium .	stadium
It is the difference between 7 / 6 and 9 / 8 ( " tritē " and " paramesē " ) .	difference
When Ottomans received information about the existence of this printing house they burned monastery while its monks fled to Rača monastery .	existence
The refuge is managed by the federal United States Fish and Wildlife Service , an agency within the United States Department of the Interior .	agency
He repeatedly alluded to places he might go , but refused to divulge specific details .	details
number 11 or 12 , or 13 , during the era of contested scrums .	contested
He won the national music prize awarded by Banco de Colombia in 1974 .	prize
Oliver is transformed into a Black Lantern Corps member and attacks his former allies , notably his son , wife and sidekick .	notably
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international version of the classification .	classification
He also served as the governor of Cyprus and Tripoli Eyalet ( modern-day Tripoli , Lebanon ) .	governor
Various building elements , in particular the facade , were examined over several subsequent years .	subsequent
The winding nature continues into a stretch of houses separated by long driveways after Good Shepherd Road .	separated
A Kent team took part in the earliest known inter-county match , which was played on Dartford Brent in 1709 .	earliest
The Nawab 's army lost 4,000 men and 64 guns in the battle .	guns
This angular momentum is a conserved ( time-independent ) quantity if viewed from a stationary space-fixed frame .	frame
Keglar was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the fourth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	drafted
Founder Mark Fischer said of the label in 2000 , " Skin Graft is a comic book company that puts out records . "	comic
He missed the whole 2011 NFL season with a broken ankle suffered in a preseason practice .	broken
People from almost all the districts of Tamil Nadu and from some parts of Kerala , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , and Maharashtra participate in this procession .	participate
Something made me pick up a book of his paintings in Pickwick 's bookshop on Hollywood Boulevard .	paintings
The government soldiers are terror-struck ; the NPA seem to be getting ready to execute the lot .	getting
The church and parish itself date back to 1853 with the arrival of the Redemptorists in Baltimore .	arrival
Carmel College is a Catholic secondary school for girls located in Milford on Auckland 's North Shore .	girls
Thus it could be used even today ( for a taxon above the rank of family ) .	rank
The agreement initially committed the specification to a telescope design based on the American Kitt Peak telescope until its deficiencies were known .	committed
This was the script Saturn Films brought to the attention of Revolution Studios .	script
After the regular season concluded , Douglas was selected into the ACC All-Defensive Team and the All-ACC Third Team .	concluded
At the same time , Cornwell alleges that Pius XI and Pacelli were more open to collaboration with totalitarian movements and regimes of the right .	collaboration
Tigrinya was spoken as a first language by 97.87 % , and 1.43 % spoke Amharic ; the remaining 0.7 % spoke all other primary languages reported .	spoken
Though his documented career spans over thirty years , he was peripatetic : he never settled in one place for more than a decade .	decade
The hotel includes 5-star services such as restaurants , shops , and CHI The Spa at Shangri-La .	hotel
Town guild members spend a considerable amount of time to prepare for the festival .	considerable
The height of the western region is above sea level while the eastern region exceeds .	height
She may also have taken a class from Frank Morley Fletcher , who was instrumental in bringing Japanese woodblock techniques to Europe and America .	techniques
They had knowledge and they thought that the world has its own consciousness .	knowledge
Since 1979 he runs the publishing house Edition Tiamat , initially in Nuremberg , but from 1981 onward in Berlin .	publishing
He played in 19 of the 20 matches , including all three tests .	tests
In 11 minutes of action , Goodwin shot 2-of-5 from the field and ended with 4 points ; he also recorded 2 blocks .	blocks
On 12 June 1964 , the " San Francisco Chronicle " featured a woman wearing a monokini with her exposed breasts on its first page .	page
Overall damages from the storm were estimated to be $ 20 million .	storm
The squadron was redesignated the 559th Fighter-Escort Squadron , and assigned to Strategic Air Command on 27 October 1950 .	squadron
G-spot amplification is performed by attempting to locate the G-spot and noting measurements for future reference .	reference
The entrance is at the east side .	entrance
He was married to the former Edith Martina DeYoung , a registered nurse , for 62 years until her death in 2005 .	registered
The end of the style is ( sometimes only slightly ) thickened and holds the pollen that is transferred there just before the bud rips open .	slightly
Sunfish , carp , and perch are frequently caught .	caught
This has since been demolished .	demolished
It broke world records in performance output for its type .	output
Former students who survived the schools turned towards alcohol and drugs to cope with the trauma .	survived
The region abounds with iron , limestone and gold .	iron
He won medals at the Salon in 1865 and 1867 .	medals
Early cuts featured elements from jazz , bossa nova and salsa , while recent songs feature cumbia , tango , electronica and others .	jazz
'Singletons ' are made on a similar ring former to wheels , but this is padded with a disc of woven fabric that is then embroidered .	ring
In 1990 , operations were relocated from 120 Pitt Street , the original Head Office .	relocated
Her postgraduate training included a cardiology fellowship in 1995 and a year of advanced training in heart failure and cardiac imaging at the UCLA Division of Cardiology .	failure
Bohemian 's Player of the Year award is voted for by the club 's supporters at the end of every season .	voted
Generally the analytic representation of a parallel curve of an implicit curve is not possible .	parallel
The Kaiser 's reputation was further degraded by his angry tirade and the Daily Telegraph Affair .	reputation
Soon after the intersection with Sproul Road , PA 739 leaves the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area .	intersection
The language used by pilots and air traffic controllers during radiotelephony communication can be categorized into two types : standard phraseology , and plain language repertoire .	communication
Once the grains come into contact the rate of growth slows and is related to the fraction of untransformed material ( 1-f ) by the Johnson-Mehl equation :	contact
The court refers to Navitaire and Open Skies , Inc. collectively as Navitaire .	refers
It is a complex of purified human plasminogen and bacterial streptokinase that has been acylated to protect the enzyme 's active site .	protect
He then had early losses in Rotterdam , Dubai , Indian Wells , and Miami .	losses
In total , five journalists were killed since political violence erupted after the military coup in 2013 .	violence
A randomized 1-year trial of LIFT was conducted in 1991 in 12 schools in the Eugene , Oregon area with high rates of juvenile detainment and arrest .	rates
In addition to vans and convertibles , there was also an " R Manhattan Roof " version with a 10 cm taller roof .	roof
This vessel departed London in 1816 and by January 1818 was reported at Timor .	vessel
In the same month , the brand also introduced a higher-end label simply titled ' Collection ' .	brand
The album featured boy / girl vocal harmonies and an array of guitar effects .	girl
The effects of Taxine in humans are very similar to the effects on animals .	humans
Neuhoff Family Limited Partnership owns and operates all translators except for K31IF-D , which is owned and operated by Hagerman Translator District .	operates
600 meters from the Terekhol ferry point is the Hotel Hill Rock which has accommodation and a bistro in it .	meters
It is 2 km southwest of Elaionas , 2 km east of Fonaitika , 4 km east of Vounargo and 7 km north of Pyrgos .	southwest
The first four tracks all appear on the band 's 2002 compilation album , " The Very Best of Acoustic Alchemy " .	compilation
A study by Baillargeon and colleague Julie DeVos confirmed the concept of object permanence in infants as young as 3.5 months old .	object
This is a list of historical places named Mallory which no longer exist or are known by other names .	exist
Jack Reacher is a fictional protagonist of a series of novels , novellas and short stories by British author Jim Grant under the pen name Lee Child .	novels
Antonia Murphy is an Australian actress , best known for her role as Lynn Palmer in the television soap opera " Sons and Daughters " .	opera
" Game of Thrones " rapidly became a critical and commercial success after it started airing in April 2011 .	rapidly
48 Martin Place has tremendous civic presence , portraying an image of massive solidity .	image
The ESP chip was a custom digital signal processor ( DSP ) chip with over 75,000 transistors .	signal
Al / Michael helps Marcie through her pain , and when they are finally in love , Michael loses all memory of life as Al .	memory
In 1787 , Vicomte de Souillac decided to create a port for the south and south-west of the then Isle de France .	port
In July 2000 , his efforts bore fruit as his very first song for the album , ' Dil Na lagey , Pakistan ' became popular .	fruit
He directed more than twenty films from 1969 to 1984 .	twenty
The Armida Rowing Club hosts the well renowned regatta event Trofeo sull 'Acqua , which takes place in the fishpond of the Palace of Venaria .	hosts
Before contact they called the area around the Halifax Harbour " Jipugtug " ( anglicised as " Chebucto " ) , meaning Great Harbour .	contact
Sales for the chain totaled $ 702 million in 2011 , which grew to $ 800 million in 2012 from 1,350 outlets .	chain
From a purely musical standpoint , the Symphony hearkens back to Stravinsky 's earlier styles of composition while remaining an outstanding achievement of neoclassicism .	composition
Aladdin began the development of a planned community called Aladdin City in southern Miami-Dade County , Florida , during the Florida land boom of the 1920s .	1920s
On 1 July 1948 The de Havilland Aircraft Company took over the Vickers factory and over the years built the following aircraft types :	factory
Two first teams win promotion to the I Liga .	promotion
Through the 1850s , slave traders sold 2500 – 4000 slaves annually from Kentucky down river .	annually
Perilasius championi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
The main block and tower have round turrets projecting from their corners .	block
The educational scenario in the village is not satisfactory .	educational
and achieved a peak speed of 14GFLOPS .	peak
Ballantine Books used it to launch the company 's new subsidiary Del Rey Books .	launch
Most dunnarts have fine gray or black fur .	fine
A new job , problems with clothes , and a significant life event were also commonly cited as motivations .	cited
Natalia Vía Dufresne Pereña ( born 10 June 1973 ) is a Spanish sport sailor .	sport
This increase has also been accompanied by an increase in HIV positivity .	accompanied
It has been identified as one of the best novels of the 1990s .	novels
Alexa Conradi was president from the foundation of the party until June 2009 after which Françoise David was named president-spokeswoman .	foundation
Since 2000 , the city has experienced the highest population growth percentage of any municipality in Brevard County .	experienced
Ripping of pregap audio is supported by the application X Lossless Decoder .	application
Angelique triumphs over her rival and even learns that her first husband , thought to be executed by the king himself , may still be alive .	executed
The 2009 Case Western team saw continued success with another undefeated regular season and their third straight conference championship .	straight
On the way back to Germany , the ship stopped in Lobito and Luanda in Portuguese Angola , Las Palmas , and Santander , Spain .	stopped
Chelsea , under new manager Gianluca Vialli , won with two extra time goals and won the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup later that season .	extra
Angel tries to keep Gunn outside , but they others insist he come in .	tries
The scanners proposed to be used in Australia have shown a high rate of error in testing .	testing
The suburb adjoins Garigal and Kur-ing-gai Chase National Parks and in addition , has numerous other reserves suitable for picnics , ambling and quiet moments of reflection .	suburb
He was consecrated a college bishop ( i.e .	bishop
Pope Clement died only a month later , King Phillip died later that year in a hunting accident .	accident
The following morning Martin is overcome by his own doubts .	morning
Phuket Lager is sold in Thailand and distributed overseas by Import & Export LR , ( FRANCE ) .	distributed
In Portugal , Berliners are slightly bigger than their German counterparts .	slightly
These bodies met in the vestry of the local parish church and were responsible for imposing a form of local taxes known as the church rate .	bodies
He would then have had to recognize not only himself as the equivalent of Christ , but Christ as a symbol of the self .	equivalent
On 13 June 1981 Ruthin hosted the Annual General Meeting of the International Football Association Board , the body which determines the laws of football .	laws
Monitor proofing or soft-proofing is a step in the prepress printing process .	step
Mike Rogo curses them because of his World War II experiences , and laughs when their efforts fail .	experiences
The Pirates won the game , 8 – 4 , with Emrick calling some of the action .	calling
On 23 October 2014 , the book was translated into Finnish .	translated
During this show , Felipe Colombo , Camila Bordonaba and Vanesa Gonzáles formed the band , but it didn 't " survive " the show .	didn
The eastern end of Nassau Street is at the intersection with Snowden Lane / Riverside Drive , where the old Princeton Borough ended .	intersection
The boundaries of the reserve are not strictly enforced , so that cattle grazing and plant harvesting are ongoing .	reserve
The 50 players listed below qualified for the main tournament .	qualified
Since the pullback formula _ 6 is a ring isomorphism , Φ is given by the equation :	ring
Douglas initially struggled at the point guard position while adjusting to the Florida State offense , but continued to play well in other respects .	guard
It was employed as shop locomotive at the Bloemfontein railway workshops .	shop
During the dispersal , journalists covering the event were trapped .	covering
Jeremy tells Karl about a sleeping liquid that can help get him back into a regular sleep pattern .	pattern
He was named a backup tackle to begin the season , behind rookie left tackle Desmond Harrison and right tackle Chris Hubbard .	begin
In the past , the Democratic nomination would have assured him victory in November .	nomination
People were executed simply for who they were , not for their deeds .	executed
Traditionally Unitarians of Magyar origins since their inception with Bishop Ferenc Dávid maintain an episcopal polity .	maintain
Her only sibling , Henry , nicknamed Ody Koopman ( 1902 – 1949 ) , became a successful tennis player .	tennis
They lived off subsistence farming and fishing .	fishing
In 2007 , the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission requested a voluntary recall of Crocs-like clogs due to a potential choking hazard involving detaching plastic rivets .	involving
Deutsch , speaking to the " New York Times " , gave his opinion that Hansen had exaggerated the threat of global warming .	global
" Lucky Star " s story mainly portrays the lives of four girls attending a Japanese high school .	girls
Taking it himself and giving it to four other Daxamites , they proceeded to cause mass destruction on Earth .	mass
The golf course practice facilities include a driving range , a putting green , and chipping green and sand bunkers .	driving
Duffy Bishop is an American electric blues singer and songwriter .	electric
In 1995 , Fraser was recruited by Texas Children 's Hospital and Baylor College of Medicine to establish their then-new Congenital Heart Surgery unit .	establish
With a very ready supply of lumber and labour they opened the first accommodation , known as " Mrs. France 's Boarding House " in 1890 .	supply
The allocation might be primary , secondary , exclusive , and shared .	shared
The historical triangular fort of Daulatabad was built by first Yadava king Bhillama V in 1187 .	fort
A social tradition is the matrix of education . "	tradition
After the Great Flood of 1862 , most of the town was destroyed with the exception of the cemetery , the chapel , and Jensen 's store .	chapel
Säkylä is the original home of the Antti farmstead , nowadays a museum object in the Seurasaari Open Air Museum in Helsinki .	object
During the ball , Varenka dances with her father as Ivan watches .	ball
Band members played on seven instruments borrowed from Becher 's Music Store .	instruments
First observed and documented by Alois Musil in 1902 , the Roman fortress was identified on Fritz Frank 's 1932 travels in the region .	observed
In 1984 , a proposal for a $ 150 million domed stadium was defeated in a referendum 2 – 1 .	stadium
This compared to wages of perhaps 9d a day as a farm worker .	perhaps
Nearly 20 feet of cobweb burned up , and the building only suffered minor damages to the roof and exterior .	roof
The data is preserved for three days while metadata is kept for thirty days .	preserved
He returned in 1967 as the Queen 's representative at the memorial service for Prime Minister Harold Holt , and again in 1970 .	representative
Frank Corrente ( R ) Chief of Administration for Providence , was found guilty of extortion and bribery and sentenced to 56 months in prison .	sentenced
Richard Murphy wrote several poems about his time on Inishbofin , best known perhaps is ' Sailing to an Island ' .	perhaps
Angel invites her downstairs , but a scream from Cordelia shatters her sense of security .	sense
The Hindu Saka Era influences the calendars of southeast Asian indianized kingdoms .	southeast
Picard supports these audio file formats :	supports
She is a graduate of the University of the Philippines Los Baños with a degree in chemistry .	graduate
Günter puts the hat on and rescues them , but falls off a cliff .	falls
The Sussex County Sheriff 's Office is the principal law enforcement agency of Sussex County , New Jersey in the United States .	agency
It is built of limestone and lime solution .	solution
The concrete runway is dedicated to former President Lyndon B. Johnson .	concrete
Definite traces of human settlement are available only from the Iron Age onwards , such as the remains of promontory ring forts like ' Dun Mor ' .	ring
The sale was completed on August 31 .	sale
In a rebuttal , Borotba rejected the accusations as " hypocritical " and " irrelevant " .	rejected
After the discussion with her mother and her cousin Assefa decided to make her first ever movie but only without quitting her job .	cousin
On each side of the ceremonial fourth courtyard stand two halls .	stand
Unable to open the Matrix , Galvatron was powerless as Unicron transformed and attacked Cybertron with his bare hands .	hands
Earlier , she portrayed Isabel Valderama in Bianong Bulag .	portrayed
Black Star , also known as Black Star Publishing Company , was started by refugees from Germany who had established photographic agencies there in the 1920s .	1920s
The 2010 Men 's Asian Games Volleyball Tournament was the 14th edition of the event , organized by the Asian governing body , the AVC .	14th
Ahmed Fagih held several diplomatic posts representing Libya , in London , Athens , Bucharest and Cairo .	representing
Wikiloc is a worldwide online reference for hiking .	reference
But towards the end of the 14th century the Ottomans began to dominate most of Anatolia , reducing Karamanid influence and prestige .	14th
Even in shooting deaths , only 39.5 % of the perpetrators are arrested , leading to feelings of stress and lawlessness among the city 's residents .	shooting
The film begins as Gaiark Pollution Ministers attempt to break the dimensional barriers that separate the Braneworlds , recycling 13 Barbaric Machine Beasts to help them out .	break
On the ground between the two figures is a fire .	figures
A number of multilateral efforts have been made to restrict the use of aerial bombardment so as to protect non-combatants .	protect
This assisted subsequent prosperity within the building industry and associated services .	subsequent
I was probably the weakest link in the team .	link
Both are tentatively scheduled to be released in 2016 .	scheduled
In 1811 the Pinacoteca di Brera acquired the central panel and the lower ones from the hermitage , which had been suppressed .	ones
After the Union of Bessarabia with Romania in 1918 , the county belonged to Romania , which set up the county formally in 1925 .	formally
This system lasted until 2004 .	lasted
The fire moved up the riverbank and destroyed the bridge 's wooden deck and rails .	wooden
Front discharge spray bars were used during winter weather at Pittsburgh for the first time .	weather
Ecclesfield had a paper mill in the 1800s .	mill
As early as 1963-64 Charles Hinman created sculptural paintings with protruding geometric and undulating forms .	paintings
The term " reverse path forwarding " is used to describe this concept of routing packets away from the source , rather than towards the destination .	path
Hispanics of the 141st Regiment of the 36th Infantry Division were some of the first American troops to land on Italian soil at Salerno .	soil
The upper floor windows are set in panels with rounded upper corners , and have granite lintels and sills .	windows
After returning to Kentucky from Mexico , she traveled to Georgia where she was hospitalized .	traveled
Due to sponsorship requirements , the competition was renamed the Bundy Gold Cup .	requirements
Angel asks after Fred , and despite Cordelia 's attempt to cover , Angel guesses she hasn 't left her room .	asks
Green Run reaches its confluence with Spring Brook upstream of its mouth .	mouth
Natural antioxidants include ascorbic acid ( vitamin C ) and tocopherols ( vitamin E ) .	acid
The Democrats had always used equalitarianism as a way to attack the rich elitist Whigs .	rich
Bergmann 's entry into the Jewish Hall of Fame at Wingate Institute in Israel in 1980 revived interest in her story .	entry
The Arizona City Independent is a weekly newspaper in Arizona City , Arizona , United States .	weekly
It is divided in two rounds : Region and National , and also in three categories : Kids , Junior and Senior .	rounds
She was secretary general of her party from 2001 to 2005 .	secretary
This again caused a chorus of public outcry by locals and conservationists , and the area continued to be treated as a tourist attraction .	treated
The history of European interactions with tea dates back to the mid-16th century .	dates
The top-two teams also qualified to the 2009 Copa Sudamericana .	qualified
In his honor , the Rudolf Koivu Prize was established in 1949 .	honor
Undocumented ownership with no legal title to the land also prevents slum settlers from applying for mortgage , which might worsen their financial situations .	ownership
St John ’ s church was completely rebuilt after the war .	rebuilt
The authors of the system won the “ Polish Innovation 2013 ” competition organized by the Ministry of Science and Higher Education .	authors
The film was criticized by some Iraq veterans and embedded reporters for inaccurately portraying wartime conditions .	criticized
The bands of the Bundeswehr provide music for official ceremonies such as the Großer Zapfenstreich and the swearing-in of new recruits .	bands
A police check-post was formed to maintain order in case people were not very comfortable with the packed nature of their new neighbourhood .	maintain
If a game is announced , the other players still have the option of announcing a higher-value contract ( i.e .	option
After numerous meetings and discussions the new club known as , named Perth Italia Soccer Club , was formed .	meetings
The move enables the parties that are involved in the transaction to better their future and budget for their financial projects .	budget
Malplaquet House was damaged during the London Blitz , but repairs began in 1951 after a £ 100 donation from the War Damage Association .	damaged
He has assumed the post of Professor of Faculty of Arts at the Lebanese University , Al Fanar , until retirement on March 15 , 2004 .	assumed
Del Prete died from his injuries five days later in Brazil .	injuries
Trichomoniasis is a sexually transmitted infection ( STI ) which is most often spread through vaginal , oral , or anal sex .	spread
Petrarch elaborated her story in his epic poem " Africa " , published posthumously in 1396 .	poem
After an official interrogation with the use of torture , Fyodor Shaklovity was executed on October 11 , 1689 .	executed
Goslings chirp or whistle lightly , and adults hiss if threatened or angered .	threatened
A relationship between maternal height and pelvis size is present and can be used to predict the possibility of obstructed labor .	height
Favorite scenes from games could be then recorded .	scenes
These systems use electrical wires built into every component of the drillstring , which carry electrical signals directly to the surface .	carry
Matt and Lauren buy the house from them as they do not want to be their children 's tenants .	want
The Grand Sport had proven reliability and was entered in the Biennial Cup with 1927 winners , works drivers Georges Casse and André Rousseau .	winners
Matson has an extensive career researching and writing on people with intellectual disabilities and autism spectrum disorders .	extensive
The nominal ( best-fit ) solution shows that the asteroid passed about from Earth .	solution
Most of the towers which were part of the original fortifications are still visible in the city .	visible
Gen. John Buford 's cavalry at Warrenton Junction , guarding the Federal wagon train advancing east by the O & A railroad .	railroad
From 1904 , significant cabling projects were conducted in India , for electricity supply and tramways .	supply
It is made of ceramic tile patterned on very old composition and styling .	composition
She said it was a good opportunity to reach the competitive Anglo hip hop music market after her success in Latin American countries .	opportunity
The 10-inch guns of Battery Bohlen were scrapped in 1942 .	guns
This " radiocommunication service " is classified in accordance with " ITU Radio Regulations " ( article 1 ) as follows :	classified
Males had a median income of $ 26,591 versus $ 21,613 for females .	versus
In the studio , sessions require 4500 watts of continuous light .	require
He worked full-time until has late 90s and continued to work part-time until a few weeks before his death at 101 .	full-time
The new junior club was still to be based at the Fountain Inn and with home games played at Newsome High School and Sports College .	junior
In 1905 this alphabet was in widespread use in all Albanian territory , North and South , including Catholic , Muslim and Orthodox areas .	widespread
Despite Weaver 's protestations about a lack of resources impeding progress , the Committee reported :	resources
They came together to define the global mission that Swan had been tasked with at the Earth Summit .	global
Bank-nesting jacamars can sometimes be loosely colonial .	colonial
In July 1918 the ARC established a hospital at the entrance of Vladivostok harbor , and during the year 8 more hospitals .	entrance
These were oil lamps with reflectors which were hung above the center of streets .	streets
Form I-140 can be filed by paper or electronically .	filed
In 1804 it was raised to a principality , und existed until 1806 , when it was mediatised .	existed
His works are normally penned in the Hausa " Ajami " script .	script
Although of historical interest , it is generally considered to be of poor artistic quality .	artistic
Throughout the third day , the column laboured through the pass .	column
The military member traveled to Texas , and has exposed their spouse .	traveled
Her team beat Spain 85 – 64 .	beat
He then suffered an injury which ruled him out for the rest of the season .	ruled
This story although not yet sure the truth gives the picture that the construction of this temple is done by mutual cooperation by the crowd .	picture
This is done so that all the walkers get a chance to walk the pole .	chance
It serves as a comprehensive overview of all aspects of African-American folklore including folktales , music , foodways , spiritual beliefs , and art .	aspects
He was re-elected by a landslide in the 1987 provincial election , in which the Liberals won 95 of 130 seats .	provincial
The school 's 4th years go on a school trip to Delphi , an adventure centre in Mayo .	trip
Reviewing Forster 's letters , Jeffrey Meyers writes that " Forster rightly judged " The Mint " unequal to " Seven Pillars " " .	letters
Entering service in 1942 during World War II , the destroyer served in the Pacific theater .	theater
She is also an associate professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Bridgeport in Bridgeport , Connecticut .	engineering
The seasonal effort has sold 21,000 to date .	effort
He joined the faculty of Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , TX , in 2004 .	faculty
After a few months , the numbers of prisoners involved in the dirty protest was between 250 and 300 .	prisoners
The Catholics of the Roman Catholic community practice their religion in Besigheim .	religion
The term " bar " is derived from the specialized counter on which drinks are served .	derived
Other references to pin cases during the Medieval era exist .	exist
Additionally , juveniles have been known to beg for food by a series of high-pitched calls .	calls
It continues along Queens Boulevard until Eliot Avenue , where it turns left along the Long Island Expressway .	turns
At the end of the 2000 season , Christie was traded to the Sacramento Kings in exchange for forward Corliss Williamson .	exchange
The Hervarar saga recounts that Anund and his brother Björn succeeded king Erik Refilsson , their cousin .	cousin
Nihonium ( Nh ) is a synthetic element .	element
He was a Republican who supported Dwight Eisenhower in the 1952 presidential election .	presidential
The station signed on in 1961 to complement its sister station , WHGR / 1290 ( the callsign stood for Houghton Lake / Grayling / Roscommon ) .	stood
He had high ethics , and he was a good lawyer .	lawyer
The stories were previously published from 1940-1952 in various science fiction and other magazines .	fiction
Mynydd y Cwm is a hill in the Clwydian Range in North Wales .	hill
The Services Working Group ( SWG ) was formed to support communication service providers .	communication
It gave him a diverse background , which was to be reflected throughout his life in his interpretation of the process and content of education .	background
There was another island platform serving the up fast and down semi-fast lines and a further platform for the up semi-fasts .	fast
In just 24 hours the column now had only one small gun and two heavier cannons left .	column
Chudovsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
The genus is endemic to the New World .	endemic
At many castles still standing today in Japan , only the " honmaru " remains .	standing
One officer who stayed aboard to the end was an Air Force chaplain lately of RAF Bridgnorth , Squadron Leader Cecil Pugh , who	stayed
He twice survived Lan Xang 's sieges of Chiang Mai ( 1599 and 1602 – 1603 ) .	survived
This emerged as a Lingayat dynasty , called the Nayakas of Keladi .	dynasty
The result is the mildly alkaline , pleasant tasting solution with dissolved calcium carbonate .	solution
After invading Afghanistan and Iraq , U.S. military resources were stretched .	resources
With this system , it is possible to achieve an LHV efficiency of around 55 to 59 percent .	achieve
It has been cited as a favorite by several U.S. presidents .	cited
While a toddler , Ella 's family moved to the small Scotland County community of Rainbow , southeast of Gorin , Missouri .	southeast
These papers include reels of microfilm that document his activities against the Nazis .	papers
Dance is used in the first film , poetry and language in the second and song in the third .	poetry
Almost most of the Czech population prefer not to respond to religious questions in the Census ( 45.2 % ) .	questions
Resveratrol is a stilbenoid with estrogenic properties that is not technically a silbestrol derivative ( it is 3,4 ' , 5-stilbenetriol ) .	properties
A Canadian engineer , Sandford Fleming , proposed a coordinated worldwide time system at a meeting in Toronto of the Royal Canadian Institute in 1879 .	engineer
He also won a bronze medal at the 2002 Asian Games , narrowly winning Wang Hui with a 6 – 5 score .	bronze
Donald Trump ’ s personal lawyer Michael Cohen negotiated for Broidy to pay $ 1.6 million for the woman 's silence .	lawyer
It has offices in Tokyo , in Taipei and in Kaohsiung .	offices
The hallmark of intelligent design , however , is the claim that this can be shown scientifically ; I 'm dubious about that .	claim
Early in the war , an expedition left Halifax under the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia , John Coape Sherbrooke , to captured Maine .	expedition
With nothing to be gained , Gibilisco passed to .	nothing
The station was proclaimed a reserve and used as a camping ground for the local Aboriginal peoples who were free to come and go as they pleased .	reserve
Before entering the Big Brother House , she was a finalist of ABC 's " Hollywood Dream " .	entering
" The Hurt Locker " was edited by Chris Innis and Bob Murawski .	edited
The intense 1933 Chesapeake – Potomac hurricane passed through the area in August 1933 , causing flooding in Bethany Beach but no deaths anywhere in Delaware .	causing
They did not inherit property and were excluded from decision-making meetings within the family .	meetings
Broadwood has also hosted four Scottish Challenge Cup finals .	finals
In fact , sunlight glinting from the material made the aircraft even more visible .	visible
The Romani language has for most of its history been an entirely oral language , with no written form in common use .	entirely
Hannah was born in Lancaster , California on the edge of the Mojave Desert .	edge
The Planalto tapaculo ( " Scytalopus pachecoi " ) is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus " Scytalopus " , a genus of tapaculos .	bird
A merchant by trade , he imported masks and brass instruments and founded a Fancy Dress group called Red Cross or Number Four .	instruments
The Higher Learning Commission ( HLC ) is an organization tasked with the regional accreditation responsibilities for post-secondary education institutions in the central United States .	institutions
Special editions include those made specifically for English band Radiohead 's tour in 2008 .	specifically
As of early 2014 , a total of 169 Nobel prize laureates are fellows of the Leopoldina .	prize
Apparently , golfers drank whisky macs to ward off the cold after a chilly round on the links .	cold
Another is quoted : " She is one of those rare artists who fills the stage with her attractive personality .	rare
One of the limited edition versions was bundled with two Nendoroid figures of ClariS .	figures
Smith-Clarke designed several models during the 1930s and 1940s , including the six-cylinder Speed 20 , the Speed 25 , and the Alvis 4.3 Litre model .	1930s
Another notable annual festival is the Polish festival organized by St. Hedwig 's Catholic Church , which features Polish cuisine with carnival rides and entertainment .	entertainment
Submachine guns and shotguns , such as the PPSh-41 , Beretta Model 12 , Socimi Type 821 and Remington Model 870 were employed by PLA bodyguard units .	guns
Later in 2009 , " Total Film " issued " The 150 Greatest Performances of All Time " , ranking Pacino 's performance fourth place .	ranking
On September 23 , 2006 , his personal YouTube account was illegally hacked and all his content ( including videos , comments , honours , etc . )	videos
At resonance , the impedance is purely resistive and beyond it — as the impedance drops — it behaves capacitively .	beyond
HINDUSTAN PHOTO FILMS MANUFACTURING CO . LTD. had losses of Rs2,885.75 crores in 2016-17 ; Rs 2,496.50 in 2015-16 ; Rs 2,132.95 in 2014-15	losses
Johhny , Kit and Pawnee are scouting ahead and stop at the bridge .	ahead
This didactic point is conveyed to readers in order to idealize the existing social structure and thus , hopefully , perpetuate it .	existing
Since 1955 , the " Ordre des Palmes académiques " has comprised three grades , each grade having a fixed number of recipients :	fixed
In contrast , the Tupolev 95 Russian long-range bomber ( NATO reporting name ' Bear ' ) was conspicuous on radar .	contrast
Both Mike and Psmith feature in several later novels by Wodehouse :	novels
Between the pilasters and above the window bays are incised panels with a carved U.S. shield in the center .	window
His mother moved to the United States as an Indonesian economic diplomat shortly after Muhamed graduated from Harapan Ibu Pondok Indah .	shortly
A further step in preventing future usurpations was the castration of Michael 's sons .	step
Football is the most popular sport in the city , as in all the cities of the country .	sport
Life seems to be going perfectly until Annie learns that she is pregnant .	seems
Mojo " Juju " Ruiz de Luzuriaga ( born 1983 ) is an Australian singer-songwriter and guitarist .	guitarist
Kulebaksky District ( ) was an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia .	municipal
Section 42 keeps the NCPO in existence and authorises it to control the cabinet .	existence
Once this limit has been reached , more cells die than can be replaced in the same time span .	limit
He really was killed by assassins in 1963 .	really
That was a satisfactory result , since the FDP hadn 't even gained the necessary 5 % at the previous State elections in 1998 .	necessary
The violence intensified in the early 1970s , with rival paramilitary groups being formed on both sides .	violence
Occasionally it is used in the solid for small items and turned work , including parts of billiard cues , e.g. , those made by John Parris .	items
The shepherd cannot run at the first sign of danger . "	sign
Two or even three of the variables may vary and in different aspects .	aspects
As of 2018 , 17 single eliminations between Boca Juniors and River Plate had been played , three of them tournament 's finals .	finals
Gwen and her henchmen are defeated and arrested and the faculty and students are returned to their proper ages .	faculty
Interstate 70 to the south and Interstate 80 to the north are both less than an hour away .	hour
Jackson also created CROWN , a Columbia Law School initiative to introduce data science techniques to extract data from legal filings for empirical research .	techniques
The " Linga " is wrapped in a cloth housed in a small silver and wooden box .	wooden
The town also includes the Eitrheim area , just northwest of the town centre .	northwest
The Teen Choice Awards is an annual award ceremony presented by Fox Broadcasting Company .	ceremony
The top-two teams from each group qualified to the Third Stage .	qualified
Other walking routes in the Forest connect to it .	routes
Phase I smugglers is the group most frequently caught by the police and government agencies .	caught
The ball is simultaneously an " occasion of grace and elegance and a symbol of consummate artificiality . "	ball
The highest temperature of the lake 's water was .	temperature
Kissinger was flying to Boston for a heart operation .	flying
Zarifopol quoted him saying that he admired the traditional forms of entertainment , and that he admired the " soitarìi " ( " buffoons " ) .	entertainment
To the west , the D168 follows the Cavo river and leads to Conca , a village 5 km away .	leads
Wabeno is an unincorporated census-designated place located within the town of Wabeno , in Forest County , Wisconsin , United States .	unincorporated
He castigates what he saw as the careless procedure of those passed judgment on an author without remembering this fundamental requirement of sound criticism .	criticism
In 2012 , GamesRadar ranked him as the 74th best hero in video games , calling him " the Danny Ocean of gaming . "	calling
The card was released on February 6 , 2008 of a supposed high school superstar named Kazuo " The Uzi " Uzuki .	card
Luka is a match and he is taken into surgery .	surgery
Many stores and other buildings were burned ; rebuilding was not completed until the late 1990s .	stores
In 1691 the French had planned for a double strike : Nice in northern Italy , and Mons in the Spanish Netherlands .	strike
This type of call enables them to quickly locate rapidly moving insects in cluttered environments with plentiful vegetation .	rapidly
The 43rd running of the Tour of Flanders cycling classic was held on Sunday , 30 March 1959 .	classic
A treaty was signed on August 15 , 1856 to facilitate trade , guarantee religious freedom , and allow the access of French warships to Bangkok .	freedom
Before that , the Bulgarians hadn 't won a single match in five World Cup finals appearances .	finals
Gavil and Gravil , then , goes against Geperuniti , trying to convince him to stop .	trying
But a number of nuances exist which influence the duration of unemployment benefits provision .	exist
Lava tubes are typically associated with extremely fluid pahoehoe lava .	extremely
Patrick Michaels boasted that the " Cosmos " article had been read into the Congressional Record .	read
Elliott Burch had four horses who ran in the Kentucky Derby .	horses
Given the frequency of GC two-nucleotide sequences , the number of CpG dinucleotides is much lower than would be expected .	frequency
At Rutgers , Tappen majored in journalism and was a member of the cross-country and track teams until graduating in 2003 .	graduating
The 1-year-old tested negative for H1N1 , but the 18-year-old man tested positive .	negative
The latter group of songs included one in English , " Butterfly , " a folk song .	folk
Marquis Giacomo Filippo Durazzo , a member of the Genoese nobility , acquired it in 1868 ; three years later he donated it to the Somaschi Fathers .	donated
The ensemble also makes up the core of Chamber Music | OC , both as principal performers and as organizational administrators .	core
The men 's design team was headed by Aaron Levine until he left for Abercrombie & Fitch .	headed
Unlike most sports , men and women compete and are ranked together .	compete
In 1601 – 1602 , he was also entrusted the construction of the grain stores .	stores
It is gaining popularity in all cultures and around the world .	popularity
The publication also carries the following quote from Alexis de Tocqueville :	publication
The creek contains rainbow , brook and brown trout as well as mountain whitefish , longnose sucker , longnose dace and mottled sculpin .	brown
In 2001 , it was started to fence in patches of habitat on Guadalupe , and the long-envisioned removal of goats was effectively complete by 2005 .	habitat
In January 2015 Behalf announced a partnership with MasterCard and Comdata .	partnership
The B1 level is for the station concourse and the B2 level is for the platforms .	platforms
The Riverboat Gamblers toured with Flogging Molly in early 2005 .	toured
Greek phrases were also calqued in Latin , then borrowed or translated into English .	translated
Kadjina Community is situated on the edge of the Great Sandy Desert in the Kimberley region of Western Australia .	edge
The summary of the reviews from their three reviewers was " Lucasfilm 's most original release yet , containing outstanding graphics and gameplay elements .	containing
In the story , the character who bore the same name , though spelled as " Stevick " , tried to commit suicide .	suicide
In the late 18th century farming played a critical role in the growth of the area .	18th
The final shot is when all the six friends happily step on the platform of Dadar station in Mumbai .	step
It was retained by the Unionist candidate Harry Liddell .	retained
In 1948 , he became a trial court judge .	judge
The band released a follow up to their acclaimed 2016 release called " Saturn Return " in late 2016 .	follow
In 1974 he began a long association with Marvel , where he was a full-time penciler until 1987 .	full-time
The idea of an " Iranian " empire or kingdom in a political sense is a purely Sasanian one .	sense
After his success in the World Championships and his play in Elitserien , the Montreal Canadiens decided to bring him over the pond .	bring
The Arriva subsidiary CrossCountry operate long distance services from the West Midlands to Stansted Airport .	operate
Membership is by invitation only , and the historical building is open by appointment only .	appointment
It advises landowners and local authorities .	authorities
It was opened in 1898 , though had been used by the Wodi Wodi tribe .	tribe
In January 2013 , he joined the Houston Rockets and quickly cemented himself as the team 's starting point guard .	guard
As of the census of 2000 , there were 198 people , 108 households , and 64 families residing in the town .	residing
His next command was the 377 ton vessel " Thames " , a South Sea whaler owned by William Mellish & Co. of London .	vessel
" Flappers " raised the hemline and lowered the old restrictions in women 's fashion .	fashion
After the " Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly Constituencies Order " was passed in 2008 , the constituency was assigned identification number 106 .	constituency
They had four children , probably all daughters ( born about 1092-1096 ) , assumingly including :	daughters
The power output was , while overloading permitted up to , which drove the ships at a design speed of .	output
Its metabolism has been described in scientific literature .	scientific
The sisters did not betray anyone despite severe beatings .	severe
For Guillemette Odicio from " Télérama " , the actor is " still as effective " .	effective
As of the census of 2000 , there were 1,289 people , 487 households , and 319 families residing in the city .	residing
He manages to kill the creature , avenging both his team and HazTeam Delta .	kill
There he assisted victims of World War II and met his future wife , who was serving as a nurse .	victims
Four Norfolk-based patrol squadrons , VP-51 , US VP-52 , VP-53 and VP-54 were among the first units to enforce the zone .	zone
It wasn 't until the twelfth century that chairs became widespread in China .	widespread
" Streptomyces mutabilis " produces the antibiotic mutalomycin .	produces
Youssef was a smart boy , with green eyes and fair complexion .	eyes
It uses torsion springs as energy storage and includes a wire and latch mechanism to compress and release the springs .	storage
On 25 September 2014 , he was featured in an episode of the Channel 5 programme " Can 't Pay ?	programme
Twyla M. Hansen ( born 1949 ) is an American poet , currently serving as the Nebraska State Poet .	poet
With this , the policy of the French Communist Party ( PCF ) policy switched to support for armed struggle against the German occupiers .	armed
In January 1972 , she was struck from the Italian Naval Register and scrapped .	struck
Startle response is measured in rodents using the so-called automated " startle chambers " or " stabilimeter chambers " , with detectors recording whole-body reaction .	reaction
On October 3 , 1959 , Idritsky District was abolished and merged into Sebezhsky District .	merged
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social , cultural or spiritual reasons .	reasons
From the 4th century however , the end of the leaves tend to turn in , forming what is called the " flame palmette " design .	forming
This generation Imperial was a 6-passenger sedan offered in either velour or Mark Cross leather .	generation
Member of former club board 's took contact with K.V.V .	contact
Shelbourne were subsequently admitted to the Quarter-Finals .	admitted
The Faculty of Geology consisting of :	consisting
Her music focuses on her personal experiences and telling a story .	experiences
and can be expressed as	expressed
After the purge , Hitler formally accepted Papen 's resignation as Vice Chancellor .	formally
This is the earliest recorded mention of any of the Newland family .	earliest
The B-52 pilot , Major Larry G. Messinger , later recalled ,	pilot
It was a leading military force that ensured not only the defense of the Regency of Algiers , but also of international shipping traveling through the Mediterranean .	defense
She was sometimes credited as Lya Franca and Libia Franca .	credited
Many who have suggested that Stirner had no influence upon Nietzsche simply dismiss the idea without any real discussion .	suggested
He reformed the band the following year with German musicians , to lesser success .	musicians
Zali Steggall , OAM ( born 16 April 1974 ) is an Australian lawyer and former Olympic athlete .	lawyer
It preserves fossils dating back to the Cretaceous period .	dating
She is a brand ambassador for a company called Rise Bar , and has also become a sponsored athlete for Mad Rock Climbing .	brand
Given the high status of the two young men , the new ruling recognized their future families and protected their children within the Cherokee Nation .	protected
The chassis had rigid front and rear axles and leaf springs all round .	rear
The Bengals compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's American Football Conference ( AFC ) North division .	compete
With the opening of the Bad Cannstatt-Wasseralfingen section of the Rems Railway in 1861 , tourism gained economic importance in Lorch .	importance
Some music and opera flourished in London under Cromwell 's patronage .	opera
During his tenure , the church 's interior was refurbished and a parish house was purchased .	interior
In addition , he also ran the Clutch City shootout contest in Houston during his Rockets years .	contest
They had disappeared entirely by 1953 .	entirely
This parsing technique is called combinatory parsing .	technique
Additionally , Norton Healthcare has programs in place to support nursing students attending both public and private universities in Kentucky and Indiana .	universities
Initial critical reception for the book was mostly positive , with the Living Books adaptation being particularly praised .	praised
The shooting by the 60-year-old man , who was retired or unemployed and cared for a chronically ill wife , made national news .	shooting
In the text , the numbers that follow the players ' names correspond to their place in the chronological list of English Test cricketers .	follow
Our walls are covered in excrement .	walls
As such , the designers added new details to both characters in order to make them more distinguishable .	details
From 1961 until 1991 , Eritrea had fought a long war of independence against Ethiopia .	independence
" ICD-10 Chapter XXI : Factors influencing health status and contact with health services	contact
An initial investigation failed , at first , to find the cause of the problems .	investigation
About 40 students from different countries study at the institute each year with over 70 applicants competing for every place .	competing
It is a technology used by Intel to fulfill the needs of graphically demanding games .	needs
Several animals and insects including worms , snails , caterpillars , and snakes are capable of limbless locomotion .	capable
It is visible from the gates of Columbia University at Broadway and 116th Street .	visible
Nine people were killed and 18 others were injured .	injured
According to folklore researcher Jacqueline Simpson the story of " Assipattle and the Stoor Worm " is classified as a dragon-slayer tale .	classified
In 960 / 1 , Nikephoros Phokas ' campaign completely restored Crete to the Byzantine Empire , after a century and a half of Arab control .	restored
The city is probably 15th-century Bruges and contains contemporary scenes as well as episodes from the lives of two Johns .	scenes
The DBS is equipped with Aston Martin 's 5.9-litre " AM11 " V12 engine with four valves per cylinder .	equipped
He called it a " damned half picture . "	picture
Eventually , it was determined that the specimen was an unusually small American black bear stunted from malnutrition .	determined
Their traditional territory on the Plains was much more extensive .	extensive
Jensen attended the Gitanmaax School of Northwest Indian Design where she learned to carve under the tutelage of Tony Hunt and Henry Hunt .	learned
Daisy suggests that if Tank helps find Johnny , then Daisy might make the photo of Tank fighting the officers disappear from the police files .	suggests
There also are excellent examples of Plains beadwork and stunning shaman headdresses .	examples
There is also a " Pub Street and Binge Lane " version , which follows closely both the format and the sentiment of Hogarth 's originals .	closely
The factory was established on 29 September 1850 by Henry Salomon Hoffmann and was founded on today 's Hoffmannstraße .	factory
He also had a bad run in North America , as he suffered early losses and a first-round loss in the 2008 US Open to Sam Querrey .	losses
The season closed with a second tour of the year , this time to Toulouse , where they drew 22 – 22 against Villeneuve Tolosane .	drew
" The critic is not a contributor to statistical countable reports about the poem , but a teacher or explicator of meanings .	poem
Thus , the toll could not be enforced as well as before but Denmark retained its established right of the dues .	retained
By 1943 , Room 61 on the top floor of the hall was being used for Radio fingerprinting ( Ackbar 13 ) .	hall
The share prices will be dependent on the value of the assets held by the fund , divided by the number of outstanding shares .	shares
His acting credits include Legit , Rab C. Nesbitt and most notably " Burnistoun " .	notably
All of them are related by the expression of Tbx20 .	expression
Approximately one hundred workers , including diplomats , work in the building .	hundred
The present building is thought to have a 14th-century structure , the tower was added in the 15th century .	15th
Prostitutes were generally only allowed to ply their trade on specified streets or in designated areas .	streets
Low clouds are frequent , especially during winter , when morning drizzles are not uncommon .	morning
Individual members showed at the Lucy Milton gallery in Notting Hill , London , up to 1975 , and in continental Europe during the 1970s and afterwards .	afterwards
In 1849 , he appeared in the annual University Match against Cambridge University , which had first-class status .	first-class
Sangeeta must defy traditional expectations to choose what kind of life she wants and discover her true self .	kind
Argentine exports to the Asian giant are mainly soy and petroleum products , while imports are mainly industrial and consumer goods .	goods
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of Mahagenco .	coal
Ofu island is only accessible via small fisherman boats from Ta 'u island .	boats
The yeshiva chose Rabbis Yaaqov Medan and Baruch Gigi .	chose
For example , Archer Daniels Midland manufactures an NPN supplement for cattle , which contains biuret , triuret , cyanuric acid and urea .	acid
In 73 BC , a group of some 200 gladiators in the Capuan school owned by Lentulus Batiatus plotted an escape .	escape
In 1952 he got an appointment at an MPIZ branch station in Scharnhorst close to Hannover .	appointment
A first full-length poetry collection , " Dr. Mephisto " , was published by Arc in 2002 .	poetry
Her designed displacement was , with standard and combat displacements .	combat
This deal was delayed , for during Mobley 's physical , the Knicks discovered he has a heart condition .	condition
They are found worldwide in virtually any freshwater habitat and a few species live in saline water .	habitat
The old courthouse was built in 1906 and was damaged by the floods of 1925 , 1929 , and 1994 .	damaged
In 2000 , Japanese competitor Takata Corporation acquired Petri AG , forming the subsidiary Takata-Petri , renamed Takata AG in early 2012 .	forming
Ackerson Creek was named in honor of James F. Ackerson , a figure in the California Gold Rush .	honor
He identifies clues , investigates enigmas , and solves the riddle surrounding a mysterious stranger while the police and other adults overlook or dismiss the whole matter .	matter
Lucas presided over the meeting , with Bernard Pratte serving as secretary .	secretary
The chair covers may come with decorative chair ties , a ribbon to be tied as a bow behind the chair .	tied
While Kim investigates , Duff questions Ron about their relationship , exacerbating Ron 's growing insecurity over his imminent graduation from high school .	questions
He earned a juris doctorate from Georgetown University , graduating " cum laude " in 1997 .	graduating
Terri Dwyer began her career as a model and in 1995 won the part of Ruth Osborne in the British soap opera , " Hollyoaks " .	opera
Cassels then spent a year lecturing in mathematics at the University of Manchester before returning to Cambridge as a lecturer in 1950 .	mathematics
In August 2003 , Queen appeared at the first Reggaetón Superfest , which drew a crowd of 12,000 at Madison Square Garden .	drew
" 2007 – 08 Alabama – Huntsville Chargers men 's ice hockey season	hockey
Motley died in September 1897 in Canning Town , Essex , aged 39 .	aged
His family was of Galician origin .	origin
Some have gone on to develop their own national enhancements , building off the international version of the classification .	classification
" Caracas a través de su arquitectura " remains the only compendium on the history of architecture of Venezuela 's capital .	architecture
After overhaul in the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard she returned to Kodiak 16 October 1941 to resume tending of amphibious patrol planes in Alaskan waters .	waters
In the 1950s and 1960s , many of the city 's slums were demolished , and replaced with housing schemes such as the Park Hill flats .	demolished
DE 9 heads north to Wilmington and south to Delaware City .	heads
He oversees the production of existing home sales statistics and the popular Home Buyer and Home Seller survey reports .	existing
For sojourner Gillian Gibbons ' situation , the cultural schema theory is highly applicable .	situation
Understanding prenatal- and perinatal factors relating to psychological problems was also emphasized .	factors
The story is set during a workers ' strike in Nantes in 1955 .	strike
The 13th Lo Nuestro Awards were the first to be held since the inception of the Latin Grammy Awards .	13th
Avilés supported Licenciado Manuel de Salas in his projects of stimulating the production of linen and the foundation of the Academy of San Luis ( 1797 ) .	foundation
In accordance with " ITU Radio Regulations " ( article 1 ) variations of this " radiocommunication service " are classified as follows :	classified
He rushed 16 times for 199 yards , and completed 6 of 14 passes for 105 yards , with a 16-yard TD pass to Phillips .	passes
Its primary use is that of a road bridge , carrying national route N2 .	carrying
The Upanishad also states that in the Kali Yuga Narada was the creator or Kali-Karaka of all conflicts or undesirable acts .	acts
While he did not gain the win in the Cubs 4 – 3 victory , it did impress Piniella .	gain
Joy Dietrich is a Korean-born American journalist , writer , filmmaker , and producer .	journalist
However , out of all of the members of the workshop , she has the most common sense .	sense
Coal-based thermal power stations consume large quantities of coal .	coal
Nick Ray was meant to be making " Only Lovers " in Britain .	meant
Her father went to MIT and was an engineer .	engineer
A note to the pedigree of the O 'Mahonys at Lambeth , written by Sir George Carew , circa 1600 / 3 :	note
In 1976 he published a paper showing that this pathway actually occurred in the beginning of development , proving his hypothesis .	showing
Pursuing her passion for the sea , she attended Istanbul Technical University receiving her degree as an Ocean Engineer and a Naval Architect .	receiving
The interior of the site is divided into five courtyards .	interior
On the day of the planned general offensive the captains of the fortress called for surrender talks , which led to an agreement the same day .	offensive
The prison scenes were shot in a former GDR prison in Keibelstraße in Berlin .	scenes
He 's momentarily tongue-tied when he meets her and Kate and Johnny thinks he fancies her .	meets
Members offer testimonials during the Wednesday meetings about any success they attribute to Christian Science , including recovery from ill health .	meetings
However , none of the craftsman dared to hammer in this final nail at such a height .	height
The monumental houses around the picturesque harbour were built during 17th century .	17th
His family moved to Wassenaar during his childhood .	childhood
The game is also set up so that the weapons can only be harassed by their own possessor .	weapons
In December 2017 , Kennedy testified as an expert witness for the League of Women Voters in its attempt to invalidate the 2011 electoral map .	electoral
Paige sleeps with Brian and eyes his security pass afterward .	eyes
New Zealand 's Rob Wilson , who didn 't qualify for the Indy 500 , also passed a refresher test with Foyt .	didn
If the boundary is essentially planar then this fraction will be given by	boundary
Thomas Boulsover invented Sheffield Plate ( silver-plated copper ) in the early 18th century .	18th
After the unification of Italy in 1860 , after Garibaldi 's battles , it began the era of the great migrations that lasted until 1914 .	lasted
In 2012 , the library in Port Washington , New York , named its reading room after the couple following a large gift from the Saltzman Foundation .	reading
Late in February he was taken to Beth Israel Hospital , apparently suffering from brain injury .	brain
These arrests have led to the recovery of more than one million dollars of stolen goods .	goods
The film was made in collaboration with the " Autorità Garante per l 'Infanzia e l 'Adolescenza " .	collaboration
Backup signal caller Grant Gregory saw his most significant action of the season , playing most of the third and fourth quarters .	signal
These seigneurial domaines were established on the sites of the original Roman villas and were extensive .	extensive
Although Maritzburg College had been a boarding school since its foundation in 1863 , the school 's system of sports Houses was only introduced in 1902 .	foundation
She noticed a series of six events that could have led the cycle of migration :	cycle
She had emigrated to Sweden because at the time it was not possible for women to enter the clergy in Finland .	enter
In January 2017 , Dempster indicated he would pitch for Team Canada in the 2017 World Baseball Classic .	indicated
She is constantly referred to as a gorilla , due to her brute strength and irritable personality .	strength
are presented annually by the Academia Nacional de la Música en México for outstanding achievements in the Mexican record industry .	annually
Thomas became the IBF Strawweight champion after defeating Thai Samuth Sithnaruepol in Jakarta , Indonesia on 17 June 1989 .	defeating
The feud soon lost steam and was forgotten soon after .	steam
The ringed teal ( " Callonetta leucophrys " ) is a small duck of South American forests .	forests
After the passing of Zeke , the show remains on the air under the name " Drake in the Morning " .	passing
Barnaby and one of the officers were killed , and another officer was injured .	injured
Technological advances led to molded plywood and wood laminate chairs , as well as chairs made of leather or polymers .	wood
" " I step down at a difficult time so that love and unity return to the club , " " said Zagorakis .	step
The supreme court has final state appellate jurisdiction in both civil and criminal law matters .	criminal
The anchor represents the Navy .	represents
These climatic zones range from alpine glaciers and peaks in the high , southern sections , to steppe grasslands in the northern reaches .	sections
US 11 / US 15 were realigned to run along Front Street in 1941 , replacing PA 14 .	replacing
The B1 level is for the station concourse and the B2 level is for the platforms .	platforms
Dakota says he will stay for the trial and China tells him she could use a man like him .	stay
Parser combinators thereby enable parsers to be defined in an embedded style , in code which is similar in structure to the rules of the formal grammar .	formal
Over the years he has mainly opposed the Avengers in their various incarnations .	opposed
It covers current political , economic and social affairs and is owned and edited by Tangeni Amupadhi .	edited
The incident occurred in the Prophet 's presence , and he raised his face towards heaven and prayed : " O Lord !	incident
The building at Sankt Hansgatan 21 , was built in 1847 – 58 by architect C Bergman to house the first volksschule in Visby .	architect
Send your “ Salawat ” up on Muhammad our leader	your
The station airs a Classic hits format , and is currently owned by Dierking Communications , Inc .	hits
The label instead retained her as a writer .	retained
< poem > * < nowiki > " Hourly joys be still upon you !	poem
He said the police would deploy enough manpower to help secure the safety and security of everyone in Kuala Lumpur .	safety
Kim and Ron must get to the weather and stop all the Mutant Snowmen before it is too late .	weather
The former runs for approximately 6.5km , and the final kilometer eventually reaches Belmont Regional Park and becomes much more narrow .	narrow
A study of African women found an that trauma from consensual sexual intercourse was a cause of postcoital bleeding in young women .	sexual
There were three Imperial models in this generation .	generation
On another Playart series , the name was printed with each letter a separate color , on bright packages marketed as FASTWHEEL ( see photo ) .	printed
Furthermore , the particular types of pieces contesting a territory restricts the types of units ( i.e .	pieces
It is reported that Bahá 'u'lláh 's aunt implored him to wed his widowed cousin and he reluctantly agreed to do so .	cousin
Moments later , the pig 's owner returns with the pig draped over his shoulders .	returns
He hit senior Attrail Snipes for a 24-yard touchdown on a key third down play to put the Wildcats in Iowa State territory .	touchdown
" Adelaide " successfully found and rescued the sailors after seven days of searching by ships and aircraft .	successfully
He came to be known as Chitraguptha as he was derived from a " Chitra " ( piture ) and " Gupta " ( accountant ) .	derived
Piatigorsky , a Jewish surname of Russian origin ( means " from Pyatigorsk " ) , may refer to :	origin
Cragh 's resurrection was one of thirty-eight miracles presented to the papal commissioners who in 1307 were charged with examining the evidence for Cantilupe 's saintliness .	charged
After the 2007 season he lost his PGA Tour card .	card
On the dorsal side of the forearm , its skin is pink .	skin
To become a Fon member , users had to buy a special router called a “ Fonera ” .	users
These provisions of the Act only apply to purchasers in the " primary market , " that is purchasers buying guns from gun dealers .	guns
In terms of the components of the elastic stiffness matrix , these parameters are defined as :	components
Bulgaria being part of the Eastern bloc joined the race for freedom and democracy during the 1990s .	freedom
Burmese is spoken by 32 million people as a first language .	spoken
Edwards writes " the quality might be described as naive , primitive , or even folk art " .	folk
Prime Minister Edmund Barton announced in the Commonwealth Gazette that King Edward VII had officially approved the design as the flag of Australia on 11 February 1903 .	flag
Gerald Percy Wibberley , CBE ( 15 April 1915 – 8 November 1993 ) was a British agricultural economist .	agricultural
Phuket Lager Beer is an Asian beer brand founded in 2002 in Thailand .	brand
This method of parthenogenesis produces offspring that are homozygous at nearly all genetic loci , and inherit approximately half of their mother 's genetic diversity .	produces
By 1995 , the park was clocking about 1,000 visitors who were coming just to exercise .	visitors
They blocked traffic to the Brooklyn Bridge and shouted racial slurs .	racial
The 14th Amendment came into effect on 28 December 1962 .	14th
Since joining Breiðablik Rakel has scored a total of 31 goals for the team .	joining
In this experiment the guests were the molecules already present in the reaction medium such as argon and dimethylformamide .	reaction
She finished her international career with 4 caps to her credit .	credit
The murder is violent , brutal , and sadistic ; the disorganized offender uses overkill .	murder
Ghana wins 3rd Place Playoff	wins
ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries .	classification
" Anopterus " is an endemic Australian genus and " Anopterus glandulosus " is one of two species in the genus .	endemic
He was a transactional lawyer .	lawyer
Its primary aims are creating jobs and housing in London .	creating
It was not uncommon , especially in the South , for the immigrants to be subjected to economic exploitation , hostility and sometimes even violence .	violence
Other causes include mucopolysaccharidosis , neurofibromatosis , multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2B , myxedema , acromegaly , angioedema , tumors ( e.g .	causes
James Allen Cox was an amateur wrestler while in high school .	amateur
In sport , a Chief Scout can be the principal talent scout seeking new players or a tactical scout .	sport
" We had a housecleaner named Fanny when we stayed at 461 Ocean Blvd .	stayed
" , all of which have been adapted into anime series .	adapted
There is a very sexy woman who looks just like Tammy on the TV and starts speaking Mitch 's name .	starts
He entered the Society of Jesus at eighteen , and , having finished his studies , taught philosophy and theology in several colleges of his Order .	philosophy
NICU costs generally run more than $ 3,500 per day .	costs
For the first time this track emerged during the last concerts of their 1986 Magic Tour as part of May 's guitar solo .	concerts
ISO / IEC 15504 ( Part 4 ) can also be used to inform supplier selection decisions .	selection
The tumors can be felt as hard , round masses by palpating the abdomen .	felt
Evidence of this is his attitude towards people who treated people with AIDS unfairly .	treated
It is often not possible to join two metal components by welding , i.e .	components
Heavy clouds and constant rains increased the difficulty of reconnaissances .	constant
In Angola , a debate on " The Contribution of the National Museum of Anthropology on Asserting Cultural Identity " was organised .	debate
As a whole , Sharon 's division suffered some 300 killed and 1,000 wounded that night .	wounded
A sensor array is a group of sensors , usually deployed in a certain geometry pattern , used for collecting and processing electromagnetic or acoustic signals .	pattern
However , there were slight differences :	differences
Instead he wears an old leather flight jacket with a winged skull on the back , a white shirt , and blue jeans .	blue
If these values are rounded instead it results in the following data :	values
Almost 7000 thousand students are learning in Several Schools and Colleges in Pezhakkappilly .	learning
Fleetwood Market on Victoria Street is one of the largest covered markets in the North West , with over 250 stalls .	markets
The AN / FPS-6 was also modified to an AN / FPS-90 in 1966 .	modified
In the same year , she starred in C. V. Sridhar 's " Nazrana " .	starred
Even so , it would still take years to launch enough of the disks into orbit to have any effect .	launch
Elliott became commodore on the East Indies and China Station , with his broad pennant in the screw gunboat HMS " Haughty " , in January 1855 .	broad
Henry Wilberforce was born in 1807 , the youngest son of William Wilberforce and his wife , Barbara Ann Spooner .	youngest
In an attempt to open a rift , Angel and Lilah use dark magic ; this opens a tear in the fabric of reality .	reality
She also hosted a charity event , Fashion for Every Body , which featured a fashion show , silent auction and performance by Evans .	fashion
Due to the former program ″ Come home ″ , organized by the Ministry of Diaspora , thousands of schoolchildren and students visited their motherland .	thousands
The gender ratio in 2007 was 51.3 % male and 48.7 % female .	gender
Dempwolff 's reconstruction of Proto-Malayo-Polynesian from the 1930s included :	1930s
Parallel with the growing industrialisation of Norway , labor rights became a more central political question .	question
She is known as a co-founder of the design company Artek and as a collaborator on its most well-known designs .	designs
Population : 23,931 ( 2002 Census ) ; The population of Pestovo accounts for 73.4 % of the district 's total population .	accounts
Island Records was in a period of restructuring due to its recent purchase by Universal Music Group , and " Cydonia " was not released until 2001 .	purchase
It can be rearranged to give the forward exchange rate as a function of the other variables .	exchange
Ann Hyland trains horses as well as being a freelance lecturer on equestrian topics .	horses
The concept originated from a comical drawing sketched out by Kevin Eastman during a casual evening of brainstorming with his friend Peter Laird .	evening
During this time the skipperling nectars on a suite of flowers , mates and lays eggs .	flowers
The eastern boundary of the division is Kampala Central Division .	boundary
The Cuban fig-eating bat is a moderately sized bat with dense silky greyish-brown fur that fades to a paler colour on the underparts .	colour
This included an " aquarium " for launching variable depth sonar and retrieval equipment .	depth
Uran Kalilov ( ; born 20 December 1980 ) is a retired featherweight Greco-Roman wrestler from Kyrgyzstan who won a bronze medal at the 2002 Asian Games .	bronze
Blue Star Sports club has delivered many talented volleyball players to the state .	delivered
That way we 're kind of on the road .	kind
Several actors from the first film did not return for the sequel .	actors
Doyle has a vision of a seismic shift , and everyone 's guard goes up .	guard
Republic had entered Canada in 1982 , and was an amalgamation of several banks .	banks
Tegucigalpa and neighboring Comayagüela ( which together form the Honduran capital ) are the most affected , due to deforestation and the increased vulnerability to landslides .	affected
The last quarter century of White 's life was spent as an unofficial national spokesman for Middle America .	quarter
It is long and tall .	tall
360 MW comes from the steam turbine generator , and 265 MW from each of the gas turbine generators .	steam
" The usual practice is for anyone desiring such an order is to file a petition for the alternative writ .	alternative
There is no cost to the bands and typically each band is provided with a travel stipend to help offset the cost of transportation .	bands
The English tried in 1754 to again enter the area .	enter
Additionally , the Bears acquired the 11th pick of the 7th round ( 221 ) by trading Lennie Friedman to the Cleveland Browns .	11th
A 2009 paper coined the English term " Naga king chili " which refers to the chili 's large pod size .	refers
The Mathematical Association of America ( MAA ) is a professional society that focuses on mathematics accessible at the undergraduate level .	mathematics
About the same time the American Cigarette Company also of Montreal began to produce cigarettes in a factory on Côté Street .	factory
Two British people , James Cronin and Christine Keeble , saw Le Bop in France and wanted to learn the dance when they returned to London .	learn
Instead , she used potato sacks as weights and logs as beams whilst training in the forests of Moravia .	forests
1L / 19R was originally a short runway suited for light aircraft before it was significantly widened and lengthened in 1997 .	significantly
Qualification rule : The first two finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next six fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the semifinals .	heat
This was the first arms control agreement established during the Cold War .	arms
The first episode was filmed on 2 July , and aired on 15 August 2015 .	filmed
After being evacuated to Romania , he was given assignments of small importance in the recreated Polish Army in the Middle East area .	importance
The player has four attack buttons , along with a block button and a run button like in " Mortal Kombat 3 " .	block
Kluane Lake is the largest lake in Yukon at located at an elevation of	elevation
Two-hundred fifty-five children were born from these liaisons , the " ástandsbörn " ( children of the situation ) .	situation
As well , an invasion force which attacked Washington D.C. in 1813 , and burned the Capitol and White House was sent from Halifax .	invasion
According to Mariel Concepcion of " Billboard " , the song sees Hilson tapping into her vulnerable side .	sees
They are the first phones in the Redmi series with an 18 : 9 screen aspect ratio .	screen
The defending Pan American Games champion is Horacio Sicilia , Maximiliano Martínez , Joaquín Iwan and Diego López of Argentina .	defending
Originally it was slated to be a test event for the Delhi 2010 commonwealth games in Delhi but the venue was not ready .	venue
As a public school , no tuition is charged to either in-district or out of district students .	charged
Simone Strey is a German internet entrepreneur who is co-founder and CEO of the mobile crop advisory app Plantix .	mobile
He was one of the most successful motocross racers in AMA history , with 70 AMA national championship race victories and 7 motocross national championships .	championships
He enlisted in the Royal Air Force under an assumed name , becoming 352087 Aircraftman Ross .	assumed
Lomas Verdes is a middle-class neighborhood located in the north of Mexico City .	neighborhood
The fossa has been found across several different elevational gradients in undisturbed portions of protected areas throughout Madagascar .	protected
The music has a loose feel , with grittier guitar and more low fidelity production than on Hunt 's previous albums .	feel
Among Nieuwland 's more famous students was Knute Rockne , who became a celebrated Notre Dame football coach .	celebrated
She won the bronze medal in the time trial on 8 May and two days later the silver medal in the road race .	bronze
This love triangle and the dual identity were originally conceived in 1934 .	identity
In 1959 , Sprogell said , " being a golf pro is not really a job .	really
Before they were commercially available people would search for the right sized pebble off the ground to fit their pipes .	search
It is dioecious , producing cones of only one sex on each plant .	producing
She constantly frustrated the delicate homoerotic relationships around her without understanding her own destructiveness .	understanding
In 1987 Midleton faced Na Piarsaigh in the championship decider .	faced
Flash finds a rocket cycle and escapes before Sky City is destroyed .	cycle
The wetlands The most known bird of the place is the black-necked swan .	bird
Hymns and Spiritual Songs is the 14th studio album released by Bradley Joseph on the Robbins Island Music label .	14th
" An Phoblacht " reported that warning shots were fired from the nationalist side .	fired
The budget for the movie was estimated at $ 1.5 million .	budget
The Port of Cape Town , the city 's main port , is in Table Bay directly to the north of the central business district .	port
In 1944 the air service commands were redesignated air technical service commands .	technical
He was capped eight times , scoring two tries .	tries
There is a children 's play area in the park as well as facilities for sports like cricket and football .	cricket
Oxen , donkeys , heavy horses transported the harvest .	horses
Jeff Beck played a solo in the version included on " Emotion & Commotion " ( 2010 ) with vocals by Imelda May .	vocals
The village has two distinct areas of concentrated settlement , thus making the form that of a fragmented ' double village ' .	distinct
SolarLEAP provides proprietary solar-powered computers , pre-loaded with educational software , to schools in third-world countries .	educational
The biological systems have been optimized for specific tasks according to their habitat .	habitat
As of the census of 2000 , there were 1,645 people , 615 households , and 439 families residing in the town .	residing
The offensive began on October 10 when Stuart led a diversionary attack on Brig .	offensive
Also , no new buildings in Guelph are allowed to be higher in elevation than the Church .	elevation
The automatic train stop safety system , which could have prevented the disaster , was switched off .	safety
The depression slowly organized for the next day , as it drifted to the northeast .	northeast
When she read her sister 's remarks , deHavilland was deeply hurt and waited for an apology that was never offered .	read
Newton shot the dog in the head and , saying " It 's your turn now " , pointed the gun at Scott .	your
She now needs him to give her time to sort out her feelings .	needs
" Thresholds " ( 1998 ) digital animation installation / performance with live cello and poet , 55 min .	poet
The table below chronicles the achievements of the Club in various competitions .	competitions
The band opted to almost entirely re-record the material from " Papa 's Dojo " for their major label debut .	entirely
All ceremonial functions including the accession of the Nizams and receptions for the Governor-General were held at this palace .	functions
Since inception , the race has been contested at various distances :	contested
In 1961 she married Leonardo Herzenberg and is the mother of two grown children , Karen Ann Herzenberg and Catherine Stuart Herzenberg Larson .	grown
Upon realizing his act of omission , Shiva saluted his son Ganesha , and then proceeded victoriously to a short battle against the powerful demon .	powerful
In 1920 , Julián Carrillo described his Thirteenth Sound Theory through the Mexican press and in conferences .	press
J & S Construction ’ s roots can be traced back to 1926 when Pat Stites began doing construction work for people around the Upper Cumberland .	doing
Another major influence on her artistic development was her study of Japanese calligraphy in undergraduate school .	artistic
A family and team of super-heroes who protect Go City .	protect
From 1987 he was one of the editors in chief of the Dutch publishing house Flanor .	publishing
His wife survived him by three years , dying in 1981 .	survived
She grew up in Northern Kentucky , where her father was a tennis player as well as a teacher and her mother , a nurse .	tennis
Other changes included the shuttering of the rooftop restaurant and original Presidential suite , which remain unused to this day .	restaurant
In labor certification-based petitions , a labor certification must be filed and approved by the US Department of Labor before Form I-140 can be submitted .	filed
During his tenure the railroad constructed a new terminal station in Boston at Park Square .	railroad
Erosion forced it to close in 1855 and move farther away from the bluff edge .	edge
Trust-Mart ( ) is a Taiwanese-owned chain of Chinese retail supercenters .	chain
More than half of U.S. Presidents have streets bearing their name in the town .	streets
Both Guglielmo and Mariano were transferred to separate clubs , with Mariano joining U.S. Lecce on 31 January 2004 and Guglielmo for Sampdoria in January 1999 .	joining
The ages of the selected musicians can vary from old veterans of the festival to children as young as four years of age .	musicians
This was significantly less than what the band 's previous two albums sold in their respective first weeks of release .	significantly
And then it was renamed " Kaiyuan Zhenguo Chan Temple " ( ) in the Ming dynasty ( 1368 – 1644 ) .	dynasty
Bradby lives in Hampshire with his wife Claudia , a jewellery designer , and their three children .	designer
Level 3 , 5 and 7 are the safety levels for the celebrities who are playing for their charities .	safety
The born-again Franco-Nevada became the largest mining IPO ( Initial Public Offering ) ever offered on the TSE ( Toronto Stock Exchange ) at that time .	mining
In 1969 , the museum assumed its present name .	assumed
The Season at Sarsaparilla : a charade of suburbia in 2 acts is a 1962 play by Australian writer Patrick White .	acts
In 2013 , he participated in a video for the presidential campaign of Andres Velasco on the " Join Velasco " to YouTube section .	presidential
Akanat was subsequently elected a Democrat Member of Parliament representing Bangkok in the 2011 general elections .	representing
For more about those with a Canadian origin , see Invention in Canada .	origin
They made many significant contributions to American life and culture .	contributions
Later , Aries and the rest of the LMD Zodiac , led by Quicksilver , battled the Avengers whom Quicksilver was attempting to frame for treason .	frame
Nesting usually begins at the end of May or during the first few days of June , depending on snow conditions .	depending
Costanza 's Jewish background also worked against her .	background
Following his graduation he acted with several major companies mainly in Queensland although he did travel interstate with touring productions .	acted
Other books only have illumination on the title page .	page
This leads Brigmore to tell Barbara that she never wants to see her again .	leads
Prior to that , the JSA had been officially registered as since July 29 , 1949 .	registered
Generalization can occur across people , places , and materials used for teaching .	occur
Magnesium bromide ( MgBr ) is a chemical compound of magnesium and bromine that is white and deliquescent .	chemical
Gaba describes itself as a " man-to-man eikaiwa " .	describes
The strip was distributed out of Philadelphia by the Ledger Syndicate .	distributed
The SPC Ardmona plant , founded in 1917 in Shepparton , is one of the world 's largest fruit canneries .	fruit
It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period .	dating
Politicians , or others in sensitive positions ( such as journalists and religious leaders ) often place their personal assets ( including investment income ) into	investment
Stems are grey-brown and range from in diameter .	diameter
The " Peurise Teumaga " is made of cast brass or bronze .	bronze
The gills are off-white and they are somewhat decurrent down the brownish stem , which has a white frosting ( " pruina " ) when fresh .	somewhat
The parish is surrounded , clockwise from the north , by the parishes of	surrounded
Platform 2 is not signalled for passenger trains , and there is no platform 14 .	passenger
Clinical field experiences are available in a variety of community , state , federal , and private rehabilitation-related programs .	experiences
The agreement is intended to provide Israeli companies with access to capital resources and manpower .	resources
It is another new inclusion to Rajshahi Cadet College which concerns the celebration of Birthdays of Class VII and Class XII Cadets during the breakfast .	concerns
Females are hypothesized to exhibit sperm storage or embryonic diapause .	storage
She subsequently asked him to arrange the Nietzsche library and even admitted him to her ailing brother 's presence .	admitted
On 24 October Newton , now driving a Ford saloon , met Scott by arrangement in Combe Martin , just north of Barnstaple .	driving
Aaron Weeden ) and Jeremy Buckley in 2004 , brothers Kevin and Kyle Brennan of OneWallRoom were brought in on bass and guitar .	bass
The Bears compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) North division .	compete
They engage in some role-playing exercises with each gentleman taking turns in the role of the woman .	turns
The transport collided with an Aeroflot Ilyushin Il-14M over Yukhnov .	transport
The Newark Transit Hub is located in the eastern part of the town and serves several of the bus routes .	routes
Bergen was elected as a Republican to the 51st and 52nd Congresses , holding office from March 4 , 1889 to March 3 , 1893 .	holding
Production ceased at the end of the Roman period .	ceased
Constantine most commonly refers to one of the following :	refers
Dancer Jane Avril is in the audience .	audience
While this movement had been going on , the question of granting responsible government had come much to the front .	question
He was the key contributor of engine design and innovation that led to the founding of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG ( BMW ) in 1917 .	founding
As a sophomore in 2005 he was reserve wide receiver .	reserve
The 17th edition of the tournament was held at Balugodu near Virajpet hosted by Madanda family .	17th
The decision to hold the 1938 championships in 1937 came as a surprise to many , including the Queensland Amateur Cyclists Union .	championships
Construction of the fortress is dated back to the 8th or 9th century .	dated
It was damaged in a fire in 1790 , and then re-vaulted .	damaged
In his youth , Charles was amorously linked to a number of women .	linked
Laura switches in again at the ten mile mark giving them the win .	mark
He also tied for first in 2002 , but Larry Christiansen won the playoff .	tied
KLAX 's longest-running and fully staffed local news department began October 3 , 1988 shortly after it was acquired by Pollack-Belz .	shortly
The 11th century " Tarikh-i Sistan " and the Firdausi 's " Shahnameh " also distinguish and differentiate the Khalaj from the Turks .	11th
The reserve is situated at between in altitude , and receives some to of annual rainfall .	reserve
Yegor pouring a pot of hot sausages over a vendor and Anton 's brutal beating by the security guard .	guard
In 2009 – 10 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season , even though Serrapica remained in the squad , he only played 15 times .	squad
The school is located near the confluence of Fayette , Fulton and Clayton counties .	counties
Ecological Faculty consisting of three departments :	consisting
The city has benefited from tourism associated with the space program , and the TICO Warbird Air Show each March draws about 40,000 – 50,000 visitors .	visitors
Overall , she has a serious personality and is a tsundere character .	serious
Lengthwise atop the head ran a thin sagittal crest , to which powerful neck muscles were likely anchored .	powerful
They may suggest confidence or lack of confidence ; they may be confrontational , defensive or tentative .	defensive
The oldest known ancestor is one Gillion de l 'Annoit who lived in the 13th century .	13th
This information processing technologies need to be centered on factors that define cognition .	factors
Sardar Hari Singh Nalwa ( 1791-1837 ) , the well-known Sikh general , proposed to build a big fort at Jamrud .	fort
Pella ( ) is a railway station located in Otradnoye ( suburb of Saint Petersburg ) , Russia .	suburb
The school ceased operating as Shurtleff College on June 30 , 1957 , when it became part of the Southern Illinois University system .	ceased
Early Classic finds from Mound 61A include four ceramic vessels and four obsidian prismatic blades .	vessels
This partnership enables small business financing with almost any vendor that accepts MasterCard .	partnership
He also had 36 yards on two kick returns .	returns
In the same year , Randall built the Eau Claire House hotel .	hotel
Kaiyuan Temple houses four stone pillars ( ) , they were made in the Tang dynasty ( 618 – 907 ) .	dynasty
The experience was " unproductive " she confesses , preferring even now to write alone .	write
On January 30 , 2019 , Vancouver City Council endorsed building the line underground all the way to UBC .	underground
In computer networking , a hop is one portion of the path between source and destination .	path
Online votes and live voting at Symphony Hall will be combined to determine the POPSearch 2007 winner .	determine
His main research interest is in the development of water infrastructure technology , and his lab has developed devices that can produce electricity from wastewater .	devices
In contrast , the lowest temperatures include high mountain and mountain areas .	contrast
Booker 's mayoralty and personal celebrity drew much media attention to Newark .	drew
There , she stopped in Varna , Bulgaria , before returning to the Mediterranean and steaming through the Suez Canal .	stopped
The water , sourced from the Potomac River , is treated and stored in the city 's Dalecarlia , Georgetown , and McMillan reservoirs .	treated
Most company and platoon commanders were killed or wounded .	wounded
From December 2009 to March 2010 , she was a cast member on the MTV reality series " "	reality
Other veteran actors like Gretchen Barretto and Albert Martinez joined the star-studded cast .	actors
Some of these have been preserved .	preserved
It was the only pool in Edinburgh with flumes , and there was also a fast river run .	fast
Fire protection to Frederica is provided by the Frederica Volunteer Fire Company-Station 49 .	protection
She supported herself on a salary from Harvard and a stipend from her family .	herself
After holding the governorship for a little over two years , he was dismissed by Ashinas in favor of Ali ibn Yahya al-Armani in 841 .	holding
Chen did object to the way in which the urban reforms were carried out .	object
However , the deportations were kept strictly secret .	secret
On 18 July 2005 , a group of masked vigilantes attacked the group 's headquarters , smashing windows and torching buildings .	windows
Tilapia are mainly freshwater fish inhabiting shallow streams , ponds , rivers , and lakes , and less commonly found living in brackish water .	rivers
The Works Progress Administration built a permanent building for the library in 1936-37 .	permanent
Parts are used by the New York Police Department ( including the former naval minefield facilities ) and the New York Fire Department as a training center .	naval
You remember them : the gap-toothed vocalist , Dan McCafferty , had hair like a kitchen scourer and a voice to match .	hair
In 1995 the municipality was created and in 1996 the first elections took place for mayor .	mayor
For instance , it has been claimed by Dirac that the whole of chemistry is , in principle ,	instance
Within the hamlet , there are outstanding views of the Weald from a terrace , which also includes a sunken well , on Puddledock Lane .	views
The almost constant winds are northerly , northeasterly , or westerly .	constant
Angel tries to hunt down Darla at Wolfram & Hart , but Cordelia and Wesley stop him .	tries
The interior of the building includes a decorated ceiling , a grand staircase and a central courtyard .	interior
After the meeting , the council withdrew its Broadway agreement with the railroad .	railroad
Gloucester is a suburb of and within the City of Ottawa .	suburb
A Marc Bridge-Wilkinson penalty in the 105th minute gave the Burslem club a night of celebration .	minute
Kuryu Kohei is a young public prosecutor who gets transferred to a division in Tokyo from Aomori .	gets
SAC has worked hard to raise awareness of the dangerous effects of noisy toys .	raise
In 2008 , Erika Magnusson and Daniel Andersson asked themselves where modern electronic gadgets come from .	electronic
These were designed for free flight and could also be used for control line flying .	flying
When she does return , however , Koko-chan brings an abandoned infant that she found in a park with her , claiming it to be her own .	abandoned
Bem also developed the gender schema theory .	gender
Research in 2006 postulated that the Lake Tauca transgression began 17,850 BP and peaked at altitudes of between 16,400 and 14,100 years ago .	peaked
" List of local education agency districts in Michigan	agency
Freilekhs is an Ashkenazic folk dance .	folk
It was exported to other countries in subsequent years .	subsequent
A baton is a stick that is used by conductors primarily to enlarge and enhance the manual and bodily movements associated with directing an ensemble of musicians .	musicians
The Honda CM125 is a parallel twin cylinder air-cooled OHC four-stroke cruiser motorcycle made by Honda from 1982 to 1986 .	parallel
The huts are gathered in small groups forming communities .	forming
A rare debut winner for the stable at Leicester in May 2003 , he would be seen just twice more that season with limited success .	rare
The eight locomotives were eventually all rebuilt for use in shunting service by relieving them of their tenders and equipping them with saddle-tanks .	rebuilt
Subgenus " Pseudorana " ( Weining brown frog )	brown
His " Traveller 's Joy " , to which is added " The Ark " ( 1623 ) are poetry .	poetry
Blundell used the patient 's husband as a donor , and extracted four ounces of blood from his arm to transfuse into his wife .	blood
In the past the area was known for lead mining and remnants can still be found in the hillsides of the parish .	mining
Seburo is a fictional small arms manufacturer commonly found in many of the works of manga artist Masamune Shirow .	arms
The Board of Regents dismissed him in 1882 , after a disagreement over religion and its place in education .	religion
He ceased to be president of the Police ' Board at the close of 1862 .	ceased
Approximately half of the initial 21 staff were drawn from the Icelandic dot-com company OZ Interactive .	drawn
Espejo died in a traffic accident on 4 June 2011 .	accident
IHSA ( ) is an academic organisation which promotes the study of history in Ireland .	organisation
The third round was against FK Teteks from Macedonia , a team that Elfsborg won easily against with a total of 7 – 1 .	easily
At this point , a plaster cast of the skull is prepared .	prepared
As the creator of " Buffy " , Joss Whedon 's association with Buffyverse story is often linked to how canonical the various stories are .	linked
The species is tall and have 3 – 8 pairs of leaflets which are elliptic , obovate , sessile , and are by .	tall
Caley became a " barrister-at-law " with membership in the Inner Temple .	membership
A food and souvenir vending area is located in the vicinity of turns 9 / 10 .	turns
Alberta Vaughn ( June 27 , 1904 – April 26 , 1992 ) was an American actress in silent motion pictures and early Western sound films .	motion
The plant " Iliamna remota " is endemic only on Langham Island .	endemic
Older students can opt to take the " Novos Caminhos " ( New Paths ) fast-track program , which emphasises formal education .	formal
More than 35 leagues contain players that were raised and developed by the Boca academy system .	contain
The tribunal asked international experts in policing and psychological experts to examine the Abbylara scenario for evidence of suicide by cop .	suicide
turned away from the Art Nouveau style , freely using elements of the 18th and early	18th
The fort later served as a garrison .	fort
The commission took about two years to submit its final report .	commission
A 2014 judgement in the South Gauteng High Court supported Makate 's claim to having originated " Please Call Me . "	claim
Besse was also former president of Eurodif nuclear company , in which Iran had a 10 % share .	nuclear
Public rooms are nearly identical to those of " Destiny " class as well .	rooms
The site was designated under the Protection of Wrecks Act 1973 ; it was designated on 10 December 2004 , when heritage minister Andrew McIntosh said :	heritage
IUT has two self-service cafeterias ( Central and North ) where the students are required to take normal meals and breakfast .	normal
Biletsky stayed out of the public spotlight working on expanding Azov to battalion size .	stayed
This is supported by research showing only three temporal gyri and no fusiform gyrus in macaques .	showing
Luce collaborated with Black Star to produce a new weekly magazine called " Life " .	weekly
He received Doctor Honoris Causa by several national and foreign universities .	universities
Tampa Bay is the first franchise from the NFC South to win the Super Bowl .	franchise
A word processing application available in a bank-selected cartridge and a double-sided disk ( master disk on one side , dictionary disk on the other side ) .	application
Arthur Wilfred Ashby , CBE ( 19 August 1886 – 9 September 1953 ) was a British agricultural economist .	agricultural
In 2011 , to help protect the aquifer and the land , the Nature Conservancy purchased 490 acres of land along the river near Connerville .	protect
Nine women said that they felt frightened by the strip , and asked the university administration to take action .	felt
The forum is a low mobile platform of 25,000 seats .	mobile
He started all 16 games in 2016 , catching 55 passes for 612 yards and two touchdowns .	passes
Only 10 of these were ( nominally ) for general sale and priced at a prohibitive US $ 500,000 each .	sale
Most of the plants can form a symbiosis with fungi , from which both the organisms get an advantage .	advantage
For the Europa League play-offs , they were drawn against Rangers .	drawn
Health Net would continue to provide prescription drug plans as part of its Medicare Advantage plan offerings .	drug
Slottskogen is also the home of the Way Out West Festival , which occurs annually .	annually
Charles Phoenix is an American pop culture humorist and historian whose work is associated with 1950s and 1960s kitsch and Americana .	historian
The majority of private piers situated upon the western and northern ends of Galveston Bay were destroyed as a result of Debra 's storm surge .	storm
Landale had a close connection with Jardine Matheson .	connection
However , in a statement they noted that only individuals involved in a test were recorded .	statement
Bernstein explained in 2005 that he was pursuing a strategy to " produce invulnerable computer systems . "	strategy
He held this position until his appointment to the Court of Appeals .	appointment
Returning to his crypt , Spike thinks back on his attempted rape .	attempted
Therefore , Kornfeld handled their most important client , " Life " magazine , providing up to 200 photos a week .	providing
Wrottesley 's evolution closely followed that of the Bedfordites in general .	closely
Near these latitudes , there is one wet season and one dry season annually .	annually
Holt went in-off on the final blue and Ebdon potted the final three balls to win 10 – 9 ..	blue
A mobile telecommunication mast is fitted inside the spire .	mobile
The former retiring room has been adapted as a store and the toilet remodelled .	adapted
Tony 's reaction to this prompts Rebecca to take action to call off the deal , preventing Credo buying out and gutting Hotel Babylon .	reaction
Whoever was the interim champion as the time limit expired would be named the official champion .	limit
His candidacy was announced as a part of a ' broad coalition of Kurdish and left-wing parties ' .	broad
The Callendar venture ended badly , however , and , in a dispute at the High Court in Edinburgh that lasted until 1810 , Symington lost .	lasted
Reading , writing and mathematics ; social studies ( based on the Core Knowledge curriculum ) has international orientation .	mathematics
This occurs in a system being in the state of sorption equilibrium between bulk phase ( fluid , i.e .	phase
Mendy stayed with Macclesfield as they began their first season of non-league football in 15 years .	stayed
Christopher Columbus on his fourth voyage ( 1502 – 1504 ) came to the islands as he visited the neighbouring Bay Island of Guanaja .	islands
Anderson agreed to become involved with the project if his character was allowed significantly more comedic leeway than Kurt Russell 's character in the feature film .	significantly
The team also started rotating black pants and debuted an alternate orange jersey , with white side panels and black tiger-striped sleeves .	debuted
The third of these laws is that a change in surplus-value presupposes a change in that of the labor-power .	laws
She has three daughters : Denise ( b .	daughters
Nest building is driven by a biological urge known as the nesting instinct in birds and mammals .	birds
In 2017 , the film was restored in HD to close to its original running time , at 127 minutes .	restored
Boxers are the fastest busters but also have the lowest HP rating .	rating
We have created a language unique to them and tell stories through song that describe their creation , discoveries and ultimate demise .	creation
There is a constant dissonance running throughout the track .	constant
Muslim missionaries played a key role in the spread of Islam in India with some missionaries even assuming roles as merchants or traders .	spread
It may cause contact dermatitis .	contact
He received interest from the New York Jets and Baltimore Ravens after not receiving an offer to return to the Dallas Cowboys .	receiving
Musical acts from HRM include such notable groups as : Sloan , The Nellis Complex , Thrush Hermit , Christina Clark and Sarah McLachlan .	acts
From February 3 – 12 , 2013 , former LAPD officer Christopher Dorner killed three people ( including an officer ) and injured three other officers .	injured
Electrical and electronics ( E & E ) equipment is Thailand 's largest export sector , amounting to about 15 percent of total exports .	sector
Operational Excellence manifests itself through integrated performance across revenue , cost , and risk .	risk
The colour is measured at 505 nm , 510 nm , or 540 nm .	colour
On a visit to Lucky Lee Ranch , as the property became known , Ratner 's brother-in-law Jim Richmond fell in love with the property and climate .	climate
Houston has been an animal rights researcher , activist , and a vegan for most of her life .	animal
The Netherlands also quickly abolished smaller kingdoms on the coast that were not subjects .	subjects
This is attributed to such factors as the age of admission ( 17 ) and easy access to alcohol .	factors
And in December 2011 , TitanFile announced their first expansion plans into Kitchener , Ontario .	expansion
I think maybe his superiors and the Dallas police should handle what should happen to him . "	think
While Bea was suffering in the slot , Franky Doyle rose to the position of top dog unopposed .	rose
The concept of development urbanism can be seen as an alternative to the concept of smart city .	alternative
Johnny meets Matthew Singh and discovers that the Matt he expected to meet was his father , who died three years ago .	meets
The title of the novel was announced in early July 2015 and the cover and brief synopsis were revealed on September 14 , 2015 .	brief
In chapter 35 of the " Prose Edda " book " Gylfaginning " , High provides brief descriptions of 16 ásynjur .	brief
It was turned into a musical theater in 1894 .	theater
The chain was founded by Ed and Margie Imo in St. Louis in 1964 .	chain
By 1970 the number of congregations had grown to 706 .	grown
Through their performances across the United States ( 3,000 in all ) , the group did much to promote percussion music to the general public .	promote
This might seem strange , since food is a basic requirement of human life .	basic
Behind the organ is a blocked entrance , also apparent from the outside .	entrance
Angel shows up at the shelter late at night , and Anne jokingly asks if he is stalking her .	asks
Until 1769 , the town traded on a large scale with renowned European commercial centres of that time , such as Venice , Vienna and Leipzig .	scale
Unlike " negrophobia " , " Afrophobia " is thus essentially a cultural rather than a racial phenomenon .	racial
The bee is of relatively black colour .	colour
The data roughly agrees with the Jones thesis , which reported 115 flute circles on the INAFA roster in 2010 .	roughly
San Diego politics is the subject of an interview with Butler , which is included in the Oral History Collection of the San Diego Historical Society .	interview
Hurricane Debra 's development near the coast was unusual , complicating forecasting in addition to its rapid intensification and abnormal direction .	unusual
In November , Mphefu 's kraal suffered a three-pronged attack and his royal village was torched .	royal
The split in the Sacramento Valley was known as the East and West Side highways ( the latter also carrying the Pacific Highway ) .	carrying
The grateful Akhnaton makes his savior court physician and gives Horemheb a post in the Royal Guard , a career previously denied to him by low birth .	denied
Hmisho Trading Group is composed of several companies involved in heavy metal industries , import , export , car marketing and rendering after sale services .	sale
The canyon was traversed by John Wesley Powell in 1869 as part of an expedition that was sponsored by the Smithsonian Institution .	expedition
In 1941 the entry fee was waived as it was considered too expensive .	entry
Ned ( Edward Morley ) Thomas is an editor , literary critic and cultural commentator .	literary
The Kangaroo Route between London Heathrow and Sydney Airport is long , a 20 hour flight at Mach 0.8 .	hour
Following this , he was ordained as priest .	priest
" Halo 3 " was officially announced via a cinematic trailer rendered in real-time , shown at Microsoft 's press conference at E3 2006 on May 9 .	press
The rare butterfly " Charaxes jasius " feeds only on the leaves of strawberry trees .	rare
In 1996 they began to organize their own series of free concerts called " Hippie Haus Tanz " ( Hippie House Dance ) .	concerts
Kent , jointly with Sussex , is generally accepted as the birthplace of the sport .	sport
He was attached to the School of Resina .	attached
The South Addition , by faculty member Bill Sherman , provides office space along the south side of the building .	faculty
The AA shells were and weighed between 54 and 55 lb ( 24 – 25 kg ) , depending on the variant .	depending
Angel , better than most , understands the importance and meaning of the soul .	importance
She co-wrote lyrics and produced song demos for the themes from " The Black Stallion " , " The Outsiders " , and " Napoleon " .	lyrics
The southwestern subduction zone is where the Solomon Pate is diving below the Indo-Australian Plate .	zone
He is capable of running up to 500 mph .	capable
All provincial election information is taken from Elections Saskatchewan .	provincial
Settling the conflict required US government intervention via the Bureau of Indian Affairs .	conflict
Angel stops them all from leaving because he has information from Lilah that they must study to prevent the end of the world .	prevent
In a medium without molecular sieving properties a high-resolution can be expected .	properties
He later criticized party leader Mike Harris and described the party 's " Common Sense Revolution " as having been a " big bank revolution . "	criticized
He belonged to the moderate wing of the Orangist party and he personally advocated some reforms , including the introduction of a constitution .	introduction
The first American manufacturer application was the 1978 Cadillac Seville with available Cadillac Trip Computer .	application
Little protested , claiming he was in Canadian water , and challenged U.S. officials to prove their contention .	officials
Each group received a month of peginterferon alfa-2b and ribavirin before being randomized to one of three arms .	arms
Davidson is a suburb of northern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .	suburb
In a letter , she thanked Peretz for his concern , but said she would do it herself .	herself
The following trees together represent those insights .	represent
After the collision , the involved vehicles may be stuck together by the folding of their parts around each other .	vehicles
Ochrus trifasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .	beetle
The area is primarily agriculturally based with a majority of families with at least one member of the household working in some form of agriculture .	agriculture
Excavation started in December 1974 and saw the removal of 400,000 cubic meters ( 500,000 cu .	meters
Diderot was requested by Naigeon and Baron d 'Holbach to contribute a supplementary essay to this final volume .	volume
He then suffered back-to-back losses to Gilles Simon at the 2009 Shanghai ATP Masters 1000 and the 2009 Valencia Open 500 .	losses
Although Bethany Beach became more and more secular and more developed over the years , it retains its " Quiet Resort " reputation to this day .	reputation
Increasing the rhizosphere overall health also means a rise in the bacteria population , which can also contribute to the bioremediation process .	rise
On his way , he scored four race wins and three lap records .	wins
in media arts from Brigham Young University ( 1999 ) .	arts
Laura Bellelli 's countenance is dignified and austere , her gesture connected with those of her daughters .	daughters
She has performed on the stages of State theatre companies and fringe theatres .	stages
Shuichi calls a final class trial to re-try Rantaro 's case .	calls
The duel takes all of a day , and , tired of waiting , Lyudmila steps out of cover , exposing herself completely .	herself
The buildings on its easternmost end constructed along the Old City walls were destroyed in July 1944 so as not to obscure the city 's historic view .	walls
As a general rule , this " -o- " almost always acts as a joint-stem to connect two consonantal roots ( e.g .	acts
Most regard this framework as the basis for legislation such as the Privacy Act of 1974 .	legislation
The Plum Island lifesaving station deployed a boat within minutes of the " Bradley " sinking .	boat
Their colors are green and yellow .	yellow
" The New York Times " has described it as " one of the most progressive institutions " in China .	institutions
Her favorite subjects were wild animals , and she was successful in the illustration of books .	subjects
A lorum is a male genital piercing , placed horizontally on the underside of the penis at its base , where the penis meets the scrotum .	meets
Both the wheat gluten and rice protein concentrate were actually wheat flour , a much cheaper product from which wheat gluten is extracted .	protein
After graduating from Watseka Community High School , he attended Illinois State University where he received a Bachelor of Arts in music education .	graduating
The rivers drain into the Gulf of Mexico via the Mississippi River .	rivers
He bequeathed most of his leases and goods to his wife , whom he appointed his sole executrix .	goods
This was seen as a means to improve life , preserve Azumeina culture and facilitate education and prosperity .	improve
This did not happen for many decades and a substantial US military presence remained in Iceland until 30 September 2006 .	decades
The Nassau County Courthouse in Fernandina Beach is a historic two-story red brick courthouse built in 1891 .	brick
Mikva 's congressional and judicial papers are archived at the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library in Springfield , Illinois .	papers
During his research for Savara language , he had to travel in the forests resulting in excessive use of quinine due to which he became deaf .	forests
Karen is a genius with an IQ of 170 and is an authority on mechanics .	authority
In 1956 B.A. , in 1957 B.Sc. , and in 2016 B.Com & PG courses were added .	courses
She was one of the team on " Ground Force " , a BBC gardening makeover programme .	programme
A draw is , in essence , the opposite of a play action pass and can be as common .	opposite
The show is part of an international franchise , " Minute to Win It " .	franchise
He played college football for the Bearcats , playing free safety and on special teams , eventually earning first-team " All-Big East " honors .	safety
The youngest was Tim Harris , who , at 18 , was barely out of school .	youngest
For example , the keys might be within reach or the knots loosely tied .	tied
Both come to their senses and leave the dressing room before things go too far .	things
In the 1950s , Logansport State Hospital had a surgery unit in which they did lobotomies .	surgery
Patterson 's publications used in counselor education include " Theories of Counseling and Psychotherapy " and " The Therapeutic Relationship : Foundations for an Eclectic Psychotherapy " .	publications
As per his request , the place is called as Brahmanur ( Piramanoor / Piramanur ) .	request
Lake Forest High School has won 71 state championships in athletics , 43 since 2000 .	championships
Another , somewhat smaller festival that draws large crowds is the Greek Festival , which is organized by Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church .	somewhat
He began contributing to local newspapers when he was ten years old .	newspapers
" Cultural impact of The Colbert Report	impact
It was constructed in 1914 – 1915 and is a -story , three-bay brick building with a cast stone facade .	brick
Like his chief queen , Nawrahta was an accomplished poet .	poet
Baji quan has since acquired a reputation as the " bodyguard style " .	reputation
An official NKVD report , prepared on June 19 , accounted for 17,485 deportees , but the official statistics was incomplete and confused .	prepared
A display of Valdivian artifacts is located at Universidad de Especialidades Espíritu Santo in Guayaquil , Ecuador .	display
Shakespeare exhibits his present art as at least equal to that of his rivals .	equal
Schottenheimer is considered to be a conservatively minded coach with the majority of his focus on defense .	defense
In 2013 the marathon had its most successful year , raising a record $ 65,000 in funds over the 24 hours .	funds
The arbitration claim against Mitsubishi continued to be pursued through the International Chamber of Commerce .	claim
There are 18 NGOs in the country involved in individual assistance activities such as counselling , housing or support groups .	assistance
Configuration of resource limits for qmail components mitigates the vulnerability .	components
It was rebuilt with the addition of two Gallo-Roman columns .	rebuilt
The section between 17th Street was constructed between late 1959 and late 1960 .	17th
This area is called the Miami Jewelry District and comprises four Downtown blocks from Miami Avenue to SE 2nd Av on Flagler Street and NE 1st St .	blocks
They also can not wrap as closely around as chains .	closely
In 1928 , it formed together with Turner and Newall the Carbon Dioxide Co Ltd to for sale of gas , a byproduct of their operations .	sale
The winds blew off many roofs , blew windows out of houses and knocked down many trees and left much of the region without power .	windows
In 1853 he went to California , remaining there twelve months , but returning thither in 1865 , and again in 1866 .	twelve
Gold , in response to the accusations , stated : " I don 't really understand what that 's all about ...	really
sixth century AD ) , but the intervening centuries have reduced it to a village .	centuries
the bat ) and his ancestors ( the main figure above carrying a smaller figure on its back ) .	carrying
Gillnets are responsible for the majority of seabird bycatch , followed by longline and bottom trawling .	bottom
season 5 episode 9 " Best Laid Plans " takes its name from this poem .	poem
In 2017 , Kira was voted as the best " Gundam " main character .	voted
Weyr presented this form briefly in a paper published in 1885 .	briefly
She later turned them over to the island commander at Roi .	commander
However , some doctors do not believe this to be the case .	believe
He made 206 tackles ( 147 solo ) and 11 interceptions , and defended 39 passes in his college career .	passes
After High Court deadline , Lyari Expressway completion date was finally announced .	completion
I William Coppage i am the currant President of the Club and have been since October 1985 and still to this day for your records	your
Sick swine have stunted growth and require increased attention from the farmer often leading to headaches .	require
Later he joined as the director of ‘ Youth Camp ’ to train the freedom fighters with the support of Bangladesh Mission , Calcutta .	freedom
On December 20 , Slater earned his sixth Pro Bowl nomination .	nomination
So it 's quite nice to go full circle and put the first song we released on the album . "	quite
The name was gradually fading out from the people 's memory after Nguyễn Huệ 's conquering of the north .	memory
Brenda was representing Limon at the pageant held in La Sabana and broadcast on Teletica .	representing
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of Maharashtra State Power Generation Company ( Mahagenco ) .	coal
The Fieschi family exercised great influence in the Guelf ( papal party ) politics in medieval Italy .	medieval
However , in April 1944 the brigade 's reporting line changed again and it became part of 5 AA Group covering the East Coast and East Midlands .	covering
Their next release is produced by Yossi Sassi , known for merging folk with rock and metal .	folk
In 2009 , the fares changed from € 12 to € 17 regardless of how many days , with half price for children under sixteen .	price
Busing dated Andi Dorfman for four years .	dated
Platten opens the song by singing the line , " I 'll tell the world / I 'll sing a song " .	singing
Salem ultimately testified against Rahman and other terrorists despite earlier refusing to do so .	ultimately
In 2014 , he co-authored a report with Paul Dibb titled " Why China Will Not Become The Dominant Power in Asia " which received considerable attention .	considerable
According to the creation myth of the Abrahamic religions , she was the first woman .	creation
Ida tells Maud that she is the only Dowley who ever found happiness , and confesses Maud 's baby girl did not die .	girl
Soon afterward the pair founded the group that would eventually evolve into the pop-rock band Player .	pair
During this period he also worked as editor-in-chief of the literary magazine " Vinduet " from 1959 to 1963 .	literary
Nahal Paran ( ) is an occasionally dry riverbed in Israel 's Negev Desert and Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula .	occasionally
Under the auspices of this training system , GCI trainees would direct TF-51H Mustangs against " enemy " A-26 Invaders .	enemy
It is also a busy container port , second in South Africa only to Durban .	port
Musically , Butts says , " The music and weapon effects are passable but don 't stand out too much .	stand
Accordingly , many US documents refer to the carrier as " Hayataka " or its class as the " Hayataka " class .	documents
The participants are then asked to rate the song on a scale from " dislike very much " to " like very much " .	scale
It did not contain the liturgical parts Credo and Agnus Dei as translations from the Latin , but different German hymns instead .	contain
To the pair 's astonishment , Si and Julia burst forth , urging them to flee , and flee themselves .	pair
Also , just 4 percent claimed that a significant reason for apostasy was dissatisfaction with the rules of conduct professed by the LDS Church .	reason
A new trail connection will be constructed to connect to the Athletes ' Village near the Distillery District and connecting to the Lower Don Valley Trail .	connection
A key role in developing the unitary body was played by the American firm the Budd Company , now ThyssenKrupp Budd .	developing
Spey Tower , also known as Spy Tower , was a medieval gatehouse in Perth , Scotland .	medieval
Cadw arranged for excavation of the site between 1981 and 2002 and the monument is now open to the public .	arranged
If a player guesses correctly , he immediately gets to guess again .	gets
The soundtrack features 6 songs composed by Bharadwaj .	soundtrack
After a sabbatical of three years , he acted in " Vaalu " , which was released on 14 August 2015 to mixed reviews .	acted
The Military also announced that it was considering bringing charges against Naidu .	charges
Eddy first linked the fall in Lynn to Christian Science in 1871 , in a letter to a prospective student :	linked
Intended to help restore sales of Tango , it actually led to a further decline .	decline
By 2013 , the median household income in the United States rose to $ 52,100 .	rose
Sentinel Prime appears among the characters in " Re-Unification " , the 2010 TFCon voice actor play prelude comic .	comic
She also experiments with different techniques like sewing or knitting on canvas , pyrography , dactylography , collage , and typewriting .	techniques
Vowing to do anything to see Hoard humiliated , Lucre gives Witgood all of his lands back .	lands
Mr Culverhouse has been widely criticised for his tough stance on alleged corruption and internal discipline .	internal
Within months , the books were trading at prices over 50 times their cover price .	price
Once all parties agree , the embryo is transferred to the adoptive mother 's clinic for a frozen embryo transfer .	transfer
Moreover , Zhang contends that he wants to remain anonymous to avoid being seen as a figurehead or a saviour .	avoid
Many interesting Victorian houses around the Tannoch Conservation Area show Scottish cottage , Scottish Baronial , Classical architecture and Gothic influences .	architecture
Dom Claude-Marie Côté , also a Benedictine monk , and Adrien Dufresne , a layperson ) and his architectural influence became known as " Bellotism " .	architectural
The tape head shifts laterally to access the different wraps within each band and also to access the other bands .	bands
The flowers each have a moderately hairy pedicel long and there is a small leaf at the base of each flower .	flowers
He then attended Temple University , playing on the men ’ s soccer team from 1951 to 1954 .	soccer
Calmac picked up on the Lego idea and issued a press release entitled " Block aid !	press
Slow-moving firefighters have a high HP rating and their secondary attack has the longest range in the game .	rating
She took the company public in 1994 to raise money , and the museum finally opened the following year .	raise
Traverse one link of width 3 .	link
Any Odia festival is incomplete without a variety of Pitha as traces its origin to the Odia culture and been adored by neighboring states .	origin
The volumes then pass into the keeping of Samwise Gamgee , Frodo 's servant and later mayor of the Shire .	mayor
Finnish politician Laura Räty would have succeeded him as replacement Member of Parliament .	replacement
In recent years , Thailand has taken an increasingly active role on the international stage .	increasingly
1980 : True was a leading member responsible for the creation of the American Psychological Association 's Board of Ethnic Minority Affairs .	creation
The Italian prisoners of war in the Soviet Union were subject to plenty of propaganda .	prisoners
He also became a favorite player of the AEK fans .	fans
Runway 28R is certified for Category I ILS and is authorized for Category II approaches but requires special aircrew and aircraft certification .	requires
He then decides to stage a fight between the two in real life to see if he can finish the dream .	decides
While getting directions to Gene and the physics lab , Angel is attacked by the Lubber demons .	getting
Grover Hot Springs State Park is a state park of California , USA , containing natural hot springs on the eastern side of the Sierra Nevada .	containing
He murders her and after having lost his mind , leaps into San Francisco Bay .	mind
Its western terminus is the intersection with 1st Street ( SR 549 ) , the city 's north-south axis .	intersection
The ship stopped in British Ceylon on her way to East Asia , where she visited ports in Thailand , China , and Japan .	stopped
The first isotope to be synthesized was Md ( which was also the first isotope of any element produced one atom at a time ) in 1955 .	element
We each consume between 2,000 and 5,000 liters of water every day , depending on our diet and how the food is produced .	depending
Chapters 16-18 examine how the capitalist strategies for the production of both absolute and relative surplus-value are combined and can function simultaneously .	relative
Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts , who was only six years Reggie 's junior .	junior
He is the second most capped player of the national team , his record being broken by Paulo da Silva in 2013 .	broken
On 16 November , the Arab League indeed suspended Syria ’ s membership of the League .	membership
After Ikki impresses him by completing a challenge , he helps train and advise Kogarasumaru until Sora takes over Genesis .	challenge
However , this distinguished him from Marx .	distinguished
In winning the 1997 All-Ireland title Clare beat Cork , Kilkenny and Tipperary ( twice ) – the so-called big three of hurling .	beat
In 2009 , Bangladesh Railway had 34,168 employees .	employees
Akbar Khan then asked Elphinstone to wait while he negotiated the column 's safe passage with the Afghan chiefs who commanded Khord-Kabul pass from Kabul .	column
She is also fascinated with foreign languages and would like to learn French and Spanish someday .	learn
Jones says Bristow made one more South Sea voyage in this vessel and was at the Galapagos Islands by April 1820 .	vessel
The park has a playground , a long sloping green , and a garden with a sundial .	garden
The 2010 census listed 1,417 people , 561 households , and 357 families residing in the city .	residing
Silt particles are the medium-sized ( 0.05 - 0.002 mm ) and sink to the bottom of the cylinder after the sand .	bottom
There are no meetings , no rules " .	meetings
The 1999 season began with news that the Diablos would leave Social Security Park which was being demolished to build Delta Square , a modern shopping center .	demolished
At its peak in 1970 , it occupied most of the west side of Winckley Square .	peak
Also known as Gunnison County Airport , it serves the valley and nearby Crested Butte , Colorado with airline and general aviation flights .	valley
Later , Page confronts him as to why he is home early from his " trip " and he confesses that he has been cheating on her .	trip
A total of 34,360 households were counted in this woreda , resulting in an average of 4.47 persons to a household , and 33,130 housing units .	persons
The apparent mismatch between the town 's written and pronounced names stems from the way its Gaelic name was adapted into English .	adapted
In reading / literature - 80.7 % were on grade level .	reading
" Fluffy " is a song by English alternative rock band Wolf Alice .	alternative
Meachem 's first career reception occurred in the game against UNLV , which was a 35-yard touchdown .	touchdown
Recent upgrades to the water supply has ensured that the water quality is high .	supply
In the team final she helped the team win a bronze medal , behind Russia and the United States who won silver and gold respectively .	bronze
Since many of these farms were not successful , only a few breeding centers keep and raise Alpine musk deer since the 1990s .	raise
Grenada continued to play in the Windward Islands Tournament , and from 1975 its successor , the Heineken Trophy .	successor
Stanley Engineering College has been ranked as the best women engineering college in the Telugu-speaking states Andhra Pradesh and Telangana .	engineering
She converted the mansion 's basement bowling alley to store the collection , and despite its location it soon gained a reputation among art historians .	reputation
To end the torture , Galvatron agreed and engaged Hot Rod in battle .	engaged
The external tank and its load frame were discarded , and the parts that were reusable took a 10,000-person group nine months to refurbish for flight .	frame
After the departure of the Hospitallers the manor changed hands several times .	hands
By the late 1960s , Wright had four children and had retired to raise her family .	raise
A total of twelve episodes of the serial were released .	twelve
This occurred during the health reform of the Seventh-day Adventist Church , who later turned the sanitarium into an acute care hospital .	reform
Like the Astoria , the venue was used for live music as well as night club promotions .	venue
But today I 'm the one doing the juggling . "	doing
While the critical response was mixed , deHavilland 's performance was praised by " The San Francisco Examiner " critic .	praised
David Ranken was consecrated a college bishop ( i.e .	bishop
Theodore " Ted " Sider is an American philosopher specializing in metaphysics and philosophy of language .	philosophy
Curium ( Cm ) is an artificial element with an atomic number of 96 .	element
Nominations and awards for which Ward is credited for his role in their production .	credited
On March 18 , 2016 during their performance at SXSW , Wiebe suffered a collapsed lung and broken ribs after a failed " trust fall . "	broken
Zachariasen lists the parameters to allow such calculations to be done for many of the actinides .	lists
The settlement 's location ( and harbour ) made Tuk important in resupplying the civilian contractors and Air Force personnel along the DEW Line .	personnel
Ak Koyunlu 's sovereignty lasted until 1501 , Ismail I 's conquest .	lasted
Currently the main settlement is Vistino , which has a museum dedicated to the Izhorian heritage of the region .	heritage
On September 20 , 1931 , Palkinsky District was abolished and merged into Ostrovsky District .	merged
This archive was anonymously donated to Ryerson University in 2005 .	donated
The Dutch conquered the entire colony of New Sweden the following year and rechristened the fort Nieuw-Amstel ( " New Amstel " ) .	fort
A more precise term is " microindentation hardness testing . "	testing
In common with the earlier vessels they were mostly employed as sloops , with only two being expended as fireships .	vessels
Smyth specialized in petrology , chemical geology , and economic geology .	chemical
The Kisa speak Olushisa and occupy Khwisero district .	speak
The back of the Philippine eagle is dark brown , while the underside and underwings are white .	brown
On 25 February 2016 Durán was named manager of the " Albivermellos " , as a replacement to Luis Milla , until the end of the season .	replacement
He has played different roles in his career , but he ’ s known mainly as an actor who plays serious and intellectual roles .	serious
The programme 's producer is Adam Tandy , who has produced all of Iannucci 's television projects since 2000 .	programme
The following track , " I Want You " , is another song with strong trip hop influences and oriental vibe .	trip
Adithya also featured on Grammy winning composer Laura Sullivan 's 900 Voices .	composer
Zinger also was a first-team 4A all-state selection and in his senior season , he had 322 yards on 23 receptions for two touchdowns .	selection
The river finally rose in March 1865 which allowed the ship to reach New Albany , Indiana on 14 March .	rose
The series centered on Bob Gibbs ( played by Bridges ) , an ultra right-wing judge known for giving the maximum sentence to defendants .	judge
The series ' broadcast sponsor is McDonald 's , with Mazda , Fruttare , 2degrees and VO5 as programme partners .	programme
Total electrical power output was 7,000 kW at 450 volts alternating current .	output
But BMO explains that actually being in the game is extremely dangerous .	extremely
The medium to large leaves are lobed and strongly sinuate .	strongly
The development of people depends on their language skills .	skills
Zahra Barnes of " Self " joked that Rachel 's hair has always been the " true star of the show " .	hair
Dias de Novais arrived in Luanda by arrangement with Kongo 's king Álvaro I in recompense for Portugal 's assistance against the Jaga .	assistance
She was also on the faculty of the International Lyric Academy in Rome .	faculty
These ideas , which the super-structural elements of society propagate , then become the governing ideology of the historical period .	ideas
The TD-3 was built with the design goals of being strong , comfortable and fast .	fast
Video cameras can be fed into standard or special-purpose computer monitors , and the image can be zoomed in and magnified .	image
The boats that are used for trawling are called trawlers or draggers .	boats
After the elder Crosbie 's death in 1932 , Chesley Crosbie took over the family business and attempted to expand it further by investing in whaling .	attempted
The Saudi Arabian government owns 20 % of the company 's shares while the rest is publicly traded .	shares
The Cedar Falls Historical Society has its offices in the Victorian Home and Carriage House Museum .	offices
The trips often consist of exchange programs in which IHS students are hosted by local families in the foreign country .	exchange
On January 15 , 2014 , oViCs announced the ViC-1 HEVC decoder which supports the Main 10 profile at up to 4K at 120 fps .	supports
The light operates under the control of the Canadian Coast Guard .	operates
On 2 June 2007 , " Carter Hall " engaged pirates after they boarded the Danish ship off the coast of Somalia .	engaged
The Republican Party left the Democratic Russia bloc in October , 1993 due to disagreements with the bloc 's policies .	policies
The Battle of Valencia de Alcántara took place in 1762 as part of the Spanish invasion of Portugal .	invasion
By definition , a degree is PA if and only if it computes a path through the tree of completions of Peano arithmetic .	path
Champ d 'Asile was situated along the Trinity River and was abandoned in July of the same year .	abandoned
It is very often used by cities and businesses for landscaping because of its hardiness and low maintenance .	businesses
By 2004 , the object had faded and the dust emission had disappeared .	object
He danced with New York City Ballet from 1976 until 1990 and was elevated to the rank of principal dancer in 1988 .	rank
Holbrook Junction is an unincorporated community in Douglas County , in the U.S. state of Nevada .	unincorporated
However , the station building has been repainted and a new station nameboard installed .	installed
USU Credit Union retains its name and USU-affiliated brand as a Division of Goldenwest Credit Union .	brand
Nick Hornby in " The Believer " called it " A timely , pertinent , and brilliantly argued book about the crisis in left-liberalism . "	argued
An internal NSA audit from May 2012 identified 2776 incidents i.e .	internal
He initially took a break in 2000 , to " go out with my mates and get drunk " .	break
A clerestory above them was added by the end of the 15th century .	15th
Jane Hedges was installed as Dean on 21 June 2014 .	installed
He won two each with passengers Kaspars Stupelis , Sven Verbrugge and Reto Grütter .	passengers
The armed forces destroyed the houses and forts .	armed
Weisman also spoke of constructing a sculpture garden for the Barnsdall Art Park .	garden
Goody had hospital tests in early August 2008 , after her fourth cancer scare ; she had collapsed four times .	tests
The mill was situated on the St. Marys River waterfront , just east of Essar Steel Algoma .	mill
Lim described the film as " something like a confessional manifesto from the emerging director , 31 when he made it . "	something
A few also place the segment as a full chapter that can easily be skipped if the viewer is viewing the series in a marathon form .	easily
Typical NMEA 0183 standard AIS message : codice _ 2	message
After receiving his U.S. citizenship on March 31 , 1943 , he enlisted as a chaplain in the U.S. Army .	receiving
Furthermore , she learns that Sebastian sent the quad , also dressed as D 'Haran soldiers , to kill her mother .	kill
1 Air Group is located at Kinshasa and consists of Liaison Wing , Training Wing and Logistical Wing and has a strength of five squadrons .	strength
Benmore is the South Island terminus of the HVDC Inter-Island link between the North and South Islands of New Zealand .	link
Remnants of the head race run south from the pond , through the property , with the tail race exiting to the southwest .	southwest
Qualification rule : The first two finishers in each heat ( Q ) plus the next six fastest overall runners ( q ) advanced to the semifinals .	heat
Marcial Primitivo Lichauco ( November 27 , 1902 – March 4 , 1971 ) was a Filipino lawyer and diplomat .	lawyer
The Italian translation of DiMera is " Of the sea , " or " From the ocean . "	translation
One was cast by Korean monk in the Kaiyuan period ( 713 – 741 ) of Tang dynasty ( 618 – 907 ) .	dynasty
While the entire original document is still classified , the 47-page report , with redactions , has been made available through Freedom of Information Act requests .	classified
The contest returned in 2015 for Super Bowl 50 , and was won by Death Wish Coffee .	contest
Some members of the audience were shocked at the outburst and walked out .	audience
He is noted for his research on comparative public policy and political economy , the welfare state , and American political development .	economy
Books from The Talent Series started appearing in 2008 .	appearing
The film makes many substantial changes to the plot of the original book , among them :	plot
A seer asserted that he had participated in the council of the Aesir who had expressed their dissatisfaction with the Christian god .	expressed
On 6 January 1994 Proykov was ordained bishop and on 5 September 1995 he became Bishop of Sofia .	bishop
The developer was deciding on which course of action to take regarding future development :	regarding
Arumugam ( Vikram ) lives in a village and is a kind hearted man .	kind
Her performances , despite having serious undertones , are often presented in a humorous , ridiculous , or satirical manner .	serious
By the 10th century , the governance of the area now known as " Scotland " thus broke down as follows :	10th
The Removal Act passed only after bitter debate in Congress .	debate
This was the whole of the company 's new output in 1915 prior to the name change .	output
Licensed to Fayetteville , Tennessee , United States , the station is currently owned by Elk River Broadcasting Inc. and features programming from Westwood One .	programming
He added that the group 's " dynamic voices " fuse into " one focused pop roller coast " ( sic ) " " .	focused
Several schools in the affected areas were temporarily closed .	affected
Sivaji Ganesan and Nagarajan 's first collaboration was " Naan Petra Selvam " ( 1956 ) .	collaboration
Savigny-en-Sancerre is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	commune
It opens into a central hallway with offices on either side .	offices
He becomes attracted to Ikki , much to Ikki 's discontent .	attracted
Romans in the 6th through 3rd centuries BC used copper lumps as money .	centuries
Ten volumes came out of the conferences ( series editors : Tucker and Grim ) and are distributed by Harvard University Press .	distributed
) ; 792 ( 1989 ) ; all ethnic Russians .	ethnic
When Denonville created Fort Denonville ( now Fort Niagara ) in his own honor , de Troyes was left in charge .	honor
Finally , Priya 's father stands up to his wife and encourages Priya to reconcile with her husband .	stands
The match , scheduled for three days , was finished in two .	scheduled
In 1916 he was wounded , was mentioned in dispatches and received the Military Cross .	wounded
