Permanent forts attracted military dependants and civilian contractors who serviced the base who needed housing ;	Plur
The show features a " tribe " pretty facilitators , each with a specific personality .	Plur
Besides the publications mentioned above , other works published include storybooks written by	Plur
Online music site The Quietus placed " The Shape of Things " at no .	Sing
The cover version of Pink Floyd 's " Have A Cigar " , previously released by " Mojo " magazine , also featured .	Sing
Prior to this , it had been featured on the Fourth & Broadway / Island compilation " The Rebirth Of Cool Six " .	Sing
It stars Nana Patekar and Mahie Gill .	Sing
After serving as consul in 1 BC alongside Lucius Calpurnius Piso , he was elected proconsul of Africa in 6 AD .	Sing
In 1937 Augur had a " torrid , though short-lived love affair " with her second cousin , Edmund Wilson .	Sing
This brought Ingeborg Skeel to the far north of Jutland where her new husband owned Asdal in Vendsyssel .	Sing
Martínez also led the Valencians to their first continental competition ever , by finishing sixth in 2011 – 12 .	Plur
collegiate players include Bronson Burgoon , who was a major factor in the NCAA Division One Championship	Sing
They were also given easier workloads by teachers .	Plur
In 1641 , a person named Li Zicheng " ( 李自成 ) " attacked Nanyang and finally took control of the west of this city .	Sing
In 1642 , he attacked Nanyang again and took control of the whole city .	Sing
And in the end , he kills Claudius with the same rapier and poisoned wine that were Claudius 's intended weapons against Hamlet .	Sing
He further restored the Basilica di Sant 'Ambrogio where he built the Ciborium which columns are still visible .	Sing
The typeface includes Thin , Light , Regular , Medium , Bold and Black weights .	Sing
In Game 2 , they then beat Dieppe-Memramcook Voyageurs ( a Junior B team ) from the New Brunswick Junior C Hockey League 6-3 .	Plur
The longest running storyline in Chikara involves UltraMantis Black and the Eye of Tyr , which started in May 2007 .	Sing
In 1914 , Remscheid station was renamed " Remscheid Hauptbahnhof " to emphasise its importance as the most important station in the city of Remscheid .	Sing
These results suggest that feedback inhibition suppresses Kenyon cell activity to maintain sparse , decorrelated odor coding and thus the odor-specificity of memories .	Plur
He captained Suffolk for five years till World War II , scoring 1,515 runs and taking 84 wickets .	Sing
Directed by Jay Altarejos and Andoy Ranay , it stars Heart Evangelista , Lovi Poe and Alessandra de Rossi .	Sing
The show gathered positive feedbacks from critics for its visual style and effective acting of its star-studded cast .	Plur
A few months later , she fell foul of the editorial department when she criticized the government for lack of manufacturing preparedness for the war .	Sing
Previous performers in Culrav include Farhan Akhtar , Suraj Jagan , Shruti Pathak , Bandish band , Euphoria The local train AND DJ MARNIK .	Sing
Sykes kidnaps Inchcape and sets sail on Winters ' ship .	Sing
" You Only Loved Me Twice	Sing
" You Only Loved Me Twice " was written , produced , edited and directed by Ryan Pickett .	Sing
On August 25 , 2014 , Amazon acquired Twitch Interactive for .	Sing
Take-Two Interactive , which owned a 2 % stake at the time of the acquisition , made a windfall of $ 22 million .	Sing
Users also receive a " Twitch Crate " on every purchase , which includes Bits and a collection of random emoticons .	Sing
It features Himesh Reshammiya , Mithun Chakraborty , Raj Babbar and Mukesh Rishi in supporting roles .	Sing
She loves Giraffe , although she sometimes appear rude to him .	Sing
Until the end of his life , he only rarely left Dol .	Sing
His younger brother is Toronto Argonauts wide receiver DeVier Posey .	Sing
Nine different architects contributed designs to the district including Ottumwa architect George M. Kerns , New York City architect F.R .	Sing
Cabots Landing Provincial Park features a National Historic Site cairn and bust commemorating the landfall .	Sing
On 28 August of the following year , he joined fellow league team Salamanca CF .	Sing
He also operated a mail-order book-selling business and was arrested and convicted in 1965 of insulting a segment of the population because he sold antisemitic literature .	Sing
Internally , each device contains ten comparators and a resistor scaling network , as well as a 1.25 volt reference source .	Plur
On 6 January 2013 , local reporter Abdiaziz Abdinur Ibrahim interviewed Osman regarding her story .	Sing
He sees Quatro as making " a strong return to her hard-rocking roots " with the album .	Sing
On 25 November 1289 , Pietro Gradenigo , who was the leader of the aristocratic party , was elected Doge of the Republic .	Sing
Since then , the Great Council positions remained hereditary .	Sing
In August 2012 , FEI , to that date the largest OEM reseller of Amira , purchased VSG and the Amira business from Promedicus .	Sing
Santana could really use a sympathetic mommy right about now , don 't you think ? ?	Sing
On 13 April 1936 , he displayed his Aeronca C-3 ( G-ADYP ) at the Pou-du-Ciel ( Flying Flea ) rally at Ashingdon .	Sing
He test flew several Flying Fleas from Heston Aerodrome and from Gravesend Aerodrome .	Sing
On 11 July 1936 , he flew a Miles Falcon ( G-AEFB ) in the King 's Cup Race at Hatfield .	Sing
In 2007 , she also wrote the play " Shilpa and Jade " for the Wellcome Trust Pulse Project .	Sing
Khan disbanded PATH in August 2018 with her and colleagues switching to the Liberal Democrats , making her the only Liberal Democrat councillor on Tower Hamlets Council .	Sing
The Hindu temples and kovils include : * seelaikkaari ariyanaachi Amman kovil	Sing
He used javelins as stand-alone objects and has also used them to work into other the themes .	Plur
It produced gales , and a pressure of .	Plur
A tropical storm caused gales in Manzanillo on July 1 .	Plur
The storm caused gales , and a ship reported a pressure reading of .	Plur
It crossed the isthmus , and it emerged into the Gulf of Honduras .	Sing
It was moving northwestward , and its lowest reported pressure was .	Sing
On July 28 , a tropical cyclone caused gales in the Gulf of Tehuantepec .	Plur
It caused gales , broke August rainfall records , and a record low pressure of .	Plur
Ships reported gales and a pressure of .	Plur
It reported gales , and recorded a pressure of .	Plur
It had gales , and a ship measured a central pressure of .	Plur
It traveled west-northwest or northwest , and dissipated sometime after July 30 .	Sing
In October 1797 Wemyss replaced Beresford on " Prevoyante " , On 9 November 1798 " Prevoyante " captured the brig " Norge " .	Sing
In January 1799 , Captain J. Seater replaced Wemyss .	Sing
At the capitulation the British again captured " Freya " , which they then added to the Royal Navy as .	Sing
In 1853 , the government leased Elmwood to Charles T. Harvey , who supervised the construction of the first Soo Locks while living in the house .	Sing
She holds the career Pac-12 and NCAA Division I records in RBIs .	Sing
Dalton-Hill again achieved First-Team All-Pac-10 and All-American honors .	Sing
She was later named All-Tournament and MVP of the series .	Sing
Almost every day , the image leaves to attend Mass and to visit families , the sick and hospitals .	Sing
In August 2011 , Alcaíno portrayed Patricio Carmona in " Peleles " .	Sing
An individual plant of " L. substrigosa " typically has four to eight peduncles in each leaf axil .	Plur
Its common names include Tilesius ' wormwood , Aleutian mugwort , and stinkweed .	Sing
The plant has three pistils that are bifurcated from the base and has six clavate scars .	Plur
The plant has three pistils that are bifurcated from the base and has six scars that clavate .	Plur
In 1668 , the Jesuit Ignatio Francisco Alzina reported that eating it aided digestion and since then , it has been employed to treat digestive troubles .	Sing
They arise from stout elongated rootstocks .	Plur
It does not have any ligule .	Sing
A cross between " Malva pusilla " and " Malva sylvestris " is " Malva × littoralis " .	Plur
The prairie sunflower is sometimes considered a weed .	Sing
Known threats include introduced herbivores such as chamois , hare , and thar .	Plur
The plant also has a glabrous peduncle and 6 to 7 sepals that are glabrous on the adaxial surface and hairy on the abaxial surface .	Sing
Lastly , the " A. Pubescens " have four ovules , which enables them produce maximum amount of seeds .	Plur
The leaves have a base attenuate to petiole and an obtuse or acute apex .	Sing
Though having no prior experience with pyrotechnics , Davison created Believe ...	Sing
Other influences included Merle Haggard , George Strait , John Conlee , Ronnie Milsap and Charlie Pride .	Sing
It has calyces with 5 incurved lobes and 5 petals and sepals .	Plur
The Ojibwe take a decoction of the root as a cough remedy .	Sing
In 1877 , he wrote " Ten Kinds of Vipassana Insight " ( ) , commissioned by a high-ranking Buddhist monk .	Plur
Common names for " C. orientalis " include Chinese clematis , Oriental virginsbower , orange peel , and orange peel clematis .	Plur
The little bear in the logo symbolised durability and warmth , and soon MASCOT was best known as " the bear " .	Sing
Its advantages for cultivation include being disease resistant , tolerant of shade , and easy to maintain with annual pruning .	Sing
In November 2014 , Air Berlin appointed Pichler as CEO effective February 2015 .	Sing
In 1991 , Lufthansa appointed Pichler Managing Director for Lufthansa France , based in Paris .	Sing
In 1929 he married Ingeborg Benedicte Hagerup Thoresen , daughter of ship-owner Ole Røed Thoresen .	Sing
The hardware included a Kahler Spyder double locking tremolo bridge and Schaller strap locks .	Sing
It can form a thick sod .	Sing
In 914 Yusuf ibn Abi 'l-Saj occupied Duin and took captivity King of Armenia Smbat I .	Sing
He represented Humboldt from 1935 to 1938 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal .	Sing
At sea , the ships contacted " Lusitania " by radio , but did not have the codes used to communicate with merchant ships .	Sing
The submarine left Borkum on 30 April , heading north-west across the North Sea .	Sing
He shouted , " Torpedoes coming on the starboard side ! "	Plur
Legend : " Lusitania May 7 , 1915 " .	Sing
1 , would probably have sunk the ship without a second explosion .	Sing
The Bailiwick of Guernsey incorporates Alderney , Herm and Sark which all used the Guernsey issues from 1969 .	Sing
On January 18 , 2003 , in Ultimate Championship Wrestling , he also defeated Travis Funk in a Strap match to win the UCW Heavyweight Championship .	Sing
On February 4 , 2005 , Ferraro beat The Outpatient and Apocalypse in a Triple Threat match to win the NWA New England Heavyweight Championship .	Sing
Like Ox Baker , he started using his own version of The Iron Sheik 's Camel clutch finisher called the " Iron Clutch " .	Sing
On December 1 , he defeated Mister T.A .	Sing
Ferraro eventually defeated CCB in a Casket match on September 15 , 2007 .	Sing
Ferraro eventually joined Demon Ortiz to form a new version of The Alliance of Violence later that year .	Sing
On January 21 , 2011 , Ferraro defeated Psycho at " Rival 's Choice " in Lowell , Massachusetts .	Sing
By 1945 the scheme had amassed over 900 embroideries but the outbreak of the Second World War saw the project disbanded .	Plur
On July 1 , 2013 , Englezou signed for Cypriot First Division club AEK Larnaca .	Sing
The AMFm was subsequently renamed the Private Sector Co-payment Mechanism .	Sing
She married Kanwar Arsalan on 17 November 2012 in Karachi .	Sing
Sickness confers the social legitimization of certain benefits , such as illness benefits , work avoidance , and being looked after by others .	Sing
These larger displacement cars were called Type 12s .	Plur
This obviously led Katayama to have problems with the corporate management .	Sing
The company introduced the Bluebird 510 in 1967 .	Sing
Dynamite combines nitroglycerin with absorbents and stabilizers , rendering it safe to use while retaining its powerful explosive properties .	Sing
A stick of dynamite thus produced contains roughly 1 MJ ( megajoule ) of energy .	Sing
Thereafter , Du Pont produced dynamite under its own name until 1911-12 when its explosives monopoly was broken up by the U.S .	Sing
His films " Zodiac " and " The Social Network " are ranked in BBC 's 100 Greatest Films of the 21st Century .	Sing
In 1984 , he left ILM to direct a commercial for the American Cancer Society that depicted a fetus smoking a cigarette .	Sing
He also directed Billy Idol 's " Cradle of Love " video .	Sing
His films " Zodiac " and " The Social Network " are ranked in the BBC 's 100 Greatest Films of the 21st Century list .	Sing
ACM SIGCHI later inducted Engelbart into the CHI Academy in 2002 .	Sing
In June 2009 , the New Media Consortium recognized Engelbart as an NMC Fellow for his lifetime of achievements .	Sing
However , the stronger bonds make graphite less flammable .	Sing
Dr. Dre signed Eminem in 1998 and 50 Cent in 2002 , and co-produced their albums .	Sing
Other tentative titles included " The Chronic 2001 " and " Dr. Dre " .	Sing
and " Forgot About Dre " , both of which Dr. Dre performed on NBC 's " Saturday Night Live " on October 23 , 1999 .	Sing
Along with fellow member Ice Cube , Dr. Dre produced " Straight Outta Compton " ( 2015 ) , a biographical film about N.W.A .	Sing
As Aftermath producer Mahogany told " Scratch " : " It 's like a class room in [ the booth ] .	Sing
In 1898 , French surgeon Eugène-Louis Doyen invited Bolesław Matuszewski and Clément Maurice and proposed them to recorded his surigical operations .	Sing
City symphony films include " Manhatta " ( dir .	Sing
It also created newsreels that were seen by their national governments as legitimate counter-propaganda to the psychological warfare of Nazi Germany ( orchestrated by Joseph Goebbels ) .	Plur
Film " Calling mr . Smith " ( 1943 ) was anti-nazi color film created by Stefan Themerson and being both documentary and avant-garde film against war .	Sing
Bernard and his friends defeat the Purple Tentacles guarding the Sludge-o-Matic , turn off the machine , and prevent the whole series of events from ever happening .	Plur
Chan too used Looney Tunes as influence for the backgrounds , trying to emulate the style of Jones and Maurice Noble .	Sing
Big Finish Productions eventually remade " Shada " as an audio play starring Paul McGann as the Doctor .	Sing
The screenplay got a posthumous re-write by Karey Kirkpatrick , and the resulting film was released in 2005 .	Sing
He told American Atheists that this conveyed the fact that he really meant it .	Plur
Upon their return to England , Adams bought an Apricot , then a BBC Micro and a Tandy 1000 .	Sing
Many drum and bass tracks have featured more than one sampled breakbeat in them and a technique of switching between two breaks after each bar developed .	Sing
The rotating DJs include Kid Hops , whose shows are made up mostly of drum and bass .	Plur
In the 1970s the publishers of TAOCP abandoned Monotype in favor of phototypesetting .	Sing
Knuth used WEB to program TeX and METAFONT , and published both programs as books .	Sing
The preface of " Concrete Mathematics " has the following paragraph :	Sing
He voiced the controversial Syrian dictator , Abdule Malik in the season 3 finale , " Doublebookedklok " .	Sing
He also referenced Edgar Winter 's instrumental " Frankenstein " as being the song that made him want to become a musician .	Sing
On August 2 , 2003 , he married Jordyn Blum .	Sing
Dysprosium has a simple ferromagnetic ordering at temperatures below .	Sing
On succeeding , he named the element " dysprosium " from the Greek " dysprositos " ( δυσπρόσιτος ) , meaning " hard to get " .	Sing
In 16th-century Germany , landowners also developed silviculture to deal with the problem of deforestation .	Sing
Forester Chad Oliver has suggested a forest mosaic with high-yield forest lands interspersed with conservation land .	Sing
A mathematical model of this phenomenon proposed by C. Klausmeier attributes this patterning to dynamics in plant-water interaction .	Sing
Restoring grasslands store CO from the air into plant material .	Sing
This infuriated Murchison and he called off the deal .	Sing
Since NFL expansion needed unanimous approval from team owners at that time , Marshall 's position would prevent Murchison from joining the league .	Sing
Murchison purchased " Hail to the Redskins " for $ 2,500 .	Sing
Prior to the start of 1995 season Jerry Jones lured All-Pro cornerback Deion Sanders away from San Francisco .	Sing
Jones also drafted QB Quincy Carter in the second round of that year 's draft , and Banks was released during the preseason .	Sing
Kitna threw 1 Touchdown and 2 interceptions until Romo returned in the 3rd quarter as Dallas trailed 17 – 7 .	Sing
On July 15 wide receiver Dez Bryant signed a 5-year , $ 70 million contract .	Sing
The navy ( PMS 289 C ) road jerseys ( nicknamed the " Stars and Stripes " jersey ) have white lettering and numbers with navy pinstripes .	Sing
The Cowboys won Super Bowl XXX in January 1996 .	Sing
Dallas won the first two match-ups , and San Francisco won the third .	Plur
Working alongside him is former Cowboy quarterback Babe Laufenberg , who returned in 2007 after a one-year absence to replace former safety Charlie Waters .	Sing
In most languages that use the Latin alphabet , and in the International Phonetic Alphabet , generally represents the voiced alveolar or voiced dental plosive .	Sing
In Ancient Greek , delta represented a voiced dental plosive .	Sing
In Modern Greek , it represents a voiced dental fricative , like the " th " in " that " or " this " .	Sing
Like its model , Phoenician waw , it represented the voiced labial-velar approximant and stood in the 6th position in the alphabet between epsilon and zeta .	Sing
In 1998 , Bill Griffith , creator of " Zippy the Pinhead " , chided Dilbert for crude drawings and simplistic humor .	Sing
Other garden-worthy species include " D. ferruginea " , " D. grandiflora " , " D. lutea " and " D. parviflora " .	Sing
Depending on the species , the digitalis plant may contain several deadly physiological and chemically related cardiac and steroidal glycosides .	Sing
Bipolar neurons have one axon and one dendritic tree at opposing ends of the cell body .	Sing
These include modulation of sensory input , environmental pollutants , body temperature , and drug use .	Sing
Known as back-propagating action potentials , these signals depolarize the dendritic arbor and provide a crucial component toward synapse modulation and long-term potentiation .	Sing
Through hard work he became a leading lama , known as ' Perfecter of the Monkhood ' , ' with a host of disciples ' .	Sing
In 1498 the Ringpung army captured Lhasa and banned the Gelugpa annual New Year Monlam Prayer Festival started by Tsongkhapa for world peace and prosperity .	Sing
He then instituted a custom whereby on the last day of Monlam , all the monks would work on strengthening the flood defences .	Sing
In this way , Güshi Khan established the Fifth Dalai Lama as the highest spiritual and political authority in Tibet .	Sing
The following year their forces approached Amdo on northern Tibet , causing the Oirat and Khoshut Mongols there to submit in 1647 and send tribute .	Sing
Then in 1705 , he used the Sixth 's escapades as an excuse to seize full control of Tibet .	Plur
These Dzungars , who were Buddhist , had supported the Fifth Dalai Lama and his regent .	Sing
Meanwhile , the Qing had promoted the Fifth Panchen Lama to be a rival leader and reinstated the " ambans " and the Lhasa garrison .	Sing
High Lamas often visit Lhamo La-tso , a lake in central Tibet , and watch for a sign from the lake itself .	Sing
And they can 't keep their Panchen Lama in Tibet .	Sing
" Special damages " compensate the claimant for the quantifiable monetary losses suffered by the plaintiff .	Sing
Aggravated damages are not often awarded ; they apply where the injury has been aggravated by the wrongdoer 's behaviour , for example , their cruelty .	Sing
Pub Golf involves orienteering and pub crawling together .	Sing
Devon became a frontier between Brittonic and Anglo-Saxon Wessex , and it was largely absorbed into Wessex by the mid 9th century .	Sing
Devon has produced tin , copper and other metals from ancient times .	Sing
Examples include Dawlish , Exmouth and Sidmouth on the south coast , and Ilfracombe and Lynmouth on the north .	Sing
Rural market towns in the county include Barnstaple , Bideford , Honiton , Newton Abbot , Okehampton , Tavistock , Totnes and Tiverton .	Sing
Several ' Bere 's indicate Anglo-Saxon wood groves , as ' leighs ' indicate clearings .	Plur
July and August are the warmest months with mean daily maxima not reaching .	Sing
On a handful of albums in the early 1960s , clarinetist Bill Smith replaced Desmond .	Sing
In September 2009 , the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts announced Brubeck as a Kennedy Center Honoree for exhibiting excellence in performance arts .	Sing
Robert Christgau dubbed Brubeck the " jazz hero of the rock and roll generation " .	Sing
Mordant dyes require a mordant , which improves the fastness of the dye against water , light and perspiration .	Sing
Reactive dyes utilize a chromophore attached to a substituent that is capable of directly reacting with the fiber substrate .	Sing
Consider first-order linear ODEs of the general form :	Plur
His mother was born a Lutheran , married as a River Brethren , and later became a Jehovah 's Witness .	Sing
While Eisenhower was stationed in Texas , he met Mamie Doud of Boone , Iowa .	Sing
He learned poker , which he called his " favorite indoor sport " , in Abilene .	Sing
While in Manila , Mamie suffered a life-threatening stomach ailment but recovered fully .	Sing
He became more adroit in such matters in later campaigns .	Sing
The stroke had caused aphasia .	Sing
The lengthy travel to the shogunal court broke the boredom of the Dutch stay , but it was a costly affair .	Sing
Cheng Xiaoqing had first encountered Conan Doyle ’ s highly popular stories as an adolescent .	Sing
First came the external unmasking : the detainee had to confess all his actions that were hostile towards the regime .	Sing
A political officer is assigned here , Iancu Burada at first , Dumitru Antonescu later .	Sing
Historian Sonia Zaide identified Masao ( also Mazaua ) in Butuan as the location of the first Christian mass .	Sing
This law has amended the DDA to clarify whether the term disability applies to autism spectrum conditions .	Sing
In 2009 she published " A Partial Indulgence " by Sceptre .	Sing
He attended the Lycée Saint-Joseph in Istanbul and later studied journalism at Istanbul University .	Sing
On his deathbed , a former president , Jorge Moura ( Hugo Carvana ) asks Ventura to accept the sacrifice for the good of the country .	Sing
On April 26 , 2010 , Senate Minority Leader Christine Radogno appointed Winkel to the Illinois Plain Language Task Force .	Sing
Among the others , lecturers of Serbian literature at the university over the time included Antun Barac , Đuro Šurmin and Armin Pavić .	Sing
The phenomenon is termed sensitization of the metal centered complex ( also referred to as antenna effect ) and is quite complex .	Sing
Specifically labelled dystrophin with Tb labelled monoclonal antibodies labeled were used .	Sing
Substituents in the ligand which are of electron-donating such as hydroxy , methoxy and methyl groups increase the fluorescence .	Sing
Haddad called in his statement the deepening of inter-religious dialogue and requested of all religious communities in Lebanon to cooperate .	Sing
Kandahari Begum married Prince Khurram on 12 December 1609 in Agra .	Sing
A three-point shoot at the buzzer of Joan Creus allowed TDK Manresa to win its first title ever .	Sing
In 2007 , Devi received the Certificat d 'Honneur Maurice Cagnon du Conseil International d 'Études Francophones .	Plur
Chetwin marries Wilton in a secret ceremony .	Sing
The demands of managing the ranch consume all of Chetwin 's time , leaving Wilton to feel neglected and unloved .	Sing
The movie starred Rajkumar , Kalyan Kumar and Udaykumar- all 3 in full-fledge roles in single movie for the only time in their career .	Sing
A total of of the stream and its unnamed tributaries have this impairment .	Sing
See Biggleswade for details of the locality .	Sing
It stars Kalyan Kumar as the titular protagonist , in the eponymous role as Amarashilpi Jakanachari , a sculptor who lived in the 12th-century Hoysala Empire .	Sing
Before dying , H. Ramachandra Shastry asks Narasimha to give up the ahimsa-way he had followed all his life and take up cudgels against ShooraSimha 's misdeeds .	Sing
Once retrieved , the four proceed to the Berlin Planetarium , where they discover a secret entrance to Hitler 's bunker .	Sing
The archeparchy at the end of 2012 had 2,500 baptized and 11 parishes .	Sing
All encryption is done client-side in the users web browser .	Sing
The Union forces quickly scattered the Confederate .	Sing
Today , many Christians commemorate Candlemas , the feast of the purification of the Virgin Mary .	Sing
But with a loss , the Arizona-Arizona State game would decide the division champ .	Sing
In mid-February it was released as a UK single , following " Centuries " and " American Beauty / American Psycho " in the region .	Plur
He had quit the PTI and stopped attending the party meetings afterwards .	Sing
He later became the head groundsman at Fulham and lived in the famous Craven Cottage .	Sing
As a manager , Lopata joined RH Cheb in 1978 .	Sing
He joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) in 2011 .	Sing
He also attended the American Musical and Dramatic Academy in Los Angeles , and the Yale School of Drama .	Sing
In October 2017 , he quit JI and joined PTI .	Sing
He won the Omloop der Kempen in 1992 .	Sing
It offers three year shipmaster and marine engineer courses as well as other maritime related courses .	Sing
In November 1828 , he was awarded the Licentiate in Physic by the University of Cambridge .	Sing
He cites Ayn Rand as his greatest influence , having been especially impressed by her novel " Atlas Shrugged " .	Sing
He joined PML-N in May 2013 .	Sing
In 2008 , he quit PPP and joined PML-Q .	Sing
Radebe captained AmaZulu to the Mainstay Cup in the same season .	Sing
He later coached MTN First Division club , Hellenic .	Sing
He joined PML-N in May 2013 .	Sing
He joined PML-N in May 2013 .	Sing
Travelling on his missions all across Russia provided Turbin with a bulk of material for his subsequent literary career .	Sing
On 27 February , he joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) and resigned from the National Assembly .	Sing
Earned Big Ten Wrestler of the Week for the third time in his career on February 5 , 2013 .	Sing
Raza joined Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) ( PML-N ) following the Pakistani general election , 2008 .	Sing
He then declares " Summon the horde ... wake the best . "	Sing
However , Orion survives a stab to the shoulder from Gorgon as Magadan whacks him away with his hammer .	Sing
Nick Fury visits Valentina in captivity in Berlin .	Sing
Dinesh and Bharati plot to implicate Rajkumar so as to gain hold of estate .	Sing
He has done B. Sc .	Sing
I Swallowed a Moon Made of Iron ( 《 我咽下一枚铁做的月亮 》 )	Sing
In 1890 the confraternity was renamed Opera Pia .	Sing
The Corinthians elected Timoleon as general to lead an expedition to Sicily .	Sing
The envoys told Timoleon that the war was almost over and demanded that he sent his fleet back to Corinth .	Sing
The ruler of the city , Andromachus , supported Timoleon and persuaded his citizens to join the Corinthians .	Sing
Dusenbery described Nayar as " a sympathetic advocate for the " modern " and " integrative aspirations " of the third generation Punjabi Sikhs .	Sing
In 2014 , Goldberg launched Hem , a furniture manufacturing company that doubles as an e-commerce site .	Sing
In 2017 , Goldberg created Simple Token to bridge crypto-currencies and mainstream consumer apps .	Sing
The valley contains a mosaic of meadows that are likely related to a fire that burned through the area in the 1980s .	Sing
He led ATK Prague to an eighth-place finish in 1948 .	Sing
In Russian Navy he trained Boxing , Sambo and Hand-to-hand army fight .	Sing
Umalatov faced Cathal Pendred on October 4 , 2014 at UFC Fight Night 53 .	Sing
They were also used the enhance the sculptural decoration of the portal .	Sing
He fought fellow vale tudo legends like Ivan Gomes , Valdemar Santana and Rei Zulu .	Sing
Some students pelted Haneef with bricks and scared him away by brandishing sticks .	Sing
He joined Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) ( PML-N ) in May 2013 .	Sing
In May 2013 , he joined PML-N .	Sing
Scott Rusch reviewed " Lensman " in " The Space Gamer " No .	Sing
After getting elected to the National Assembly , he joined PML-N in May 2013 .	Sing
In April 2018 , he quit PML-N .	Sing
In May 2018 , he joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) .	Sing
He joined PML-N in May 2013 .	Sing
During his tenure as Member of the National Assembly , he served as Federal Parliamentary Secretary for Planning and Development and Inter Provincial Coordination .	Sing
In 2004 , he left PPP to join Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) ( PML-Q ) due to the growing differences between him and the PPP .	Sing
In 2016 , Punjab Police booked Cheema along with others on the charge of violating Section 144 .	Sing
In April 2018 , reportedly he quit PML-N .	Sing
He quit PML-N in April 2018 .	Sing
In May 2018 , he joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) .	Sing
For an overview , think ' Nuclear " Risk " in Europe . ' "	Sing
Each ministry comprised several bureaux , each headed by a director who oversaw several bureau sections .	Sing
Common surface rocks include basalt , andesite , pumice , and obsidian .	Sing
Other understory shrubs include curl-leaf mountain mahogany , and antelope bitterbrush .	Sing
Common grasses on the mountain include Idaho fescue , bluebunch wheatgrass , wild rye , prairie junegrass .	Sing
Hackett attended TCU from 2011 to 2014 .	Sing
The Guard Hussar s left Roskilde in 1842 in connection with a reorganization of the army .	Sing
However the SCVWD has recently proposed widening and / or deepening this concrete channel .	Sing
After finishing elementary school , Eduardo worked as a road sweeper , a dish washer and a clerk in order to help his family through difficult times .	Sing
The rite also includes pantomime with colorful Uruguayan costumes .	Sing
The figures still have the initial warmth .	Sing
Later , Count Raymond of Toulouse captured Auch and burned the cathedral .	Sing
Prominent members of the group included Nader Shaygan-shamasbi , Marzieh Ahmadi-osku 'i and Mostafa Shoa 'ian .	Sing
Shaygan and Shoa 'ian opposed Leninism , which they saw as a deviation from Marxism .	Sing
The other eight residential complexes were later built much tighter , so there was that much less space for green areas .	Sing
On October 11 , 1941 , Michigan defeated Pitt by a 40 to 0 score .	Sing
Michigan outgained Pitt on the ground 274 yards to 27 yards .	Sing
To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee	Sing
The Gaels reached the Sweet Sixteen by upsetting Villanova , 75 – 68 .	Sing
Dellavedova met Schroeder at Saint Mary 's , where she played volleyball and was an honor roll student .	Sing
The Obarenes Mountains separate the comarca from the Meseta Central to the west .	Sing
AND YOU HAVE A NiCE DAY " .	Sing
Michele Lessona became a specialist in amphibians .	Sing
He married Ida Caroline Helene Clara Wolff in 1888 .	Sing
Third-seeded Guy Forget won the singles title .	Sing
In 2007 , Szish was named National Correspondent for InStyle .	Sing
According to Dr. Schwanbeck and J. W. McCrindle , Megasthenes meant Siva when he mentioned Herakles in his book " Indika "	Sing
But , during construction , electric power transmission lines connected Paintsville to a power grid and the carbide gas system was never installed .	Sing
The latter rented the tithes of the church of Wendeshem for a rent of 5 Marcs of good money payable in Liege .	Plur
Named the Garland-Bianchi Linnet it was built at White Waltham Airfield and first flown on 1 September 1958 from Fairoaks Airfield .	Sing
After his death his wife married András Balassa .	Sing
In February 2017 , Henry was announced a returnee by the Saints for the 2017 season .	Sing
He demanded a complete disarmament on the part of the Zulus and the imposition of a British residency .	Sing
When Cetshwayo ignored this demand , British forces invaded Zululand in January 1879 .	Sing
The mission in total lasted for 365.94 days , the third longest of all the expeditions .	Sing
The largest species of this diverse , huge order are the giant water bugs " Lethocerus grandis " and " L. maximus " .	Plur
The Saratoga and Whitehall leased the Rutland and Whitehall on its completion in 1850 .	Sing
That same year , the Michigan legislature passed P.A .	Sing
The new and interracial organization appointed Haywood as its general chairman .	Sing
" Schizophyllum commune " has a densely hairy white to grayish cap and longitudinally split gill-folds on the underside .	Sing
In 1604 Susanne married Pieter Loos ( Peeter Loos or Loose ) in Amsterdam .	Plur
A very short dry period follows the Chipola lasting possibly 1 million years .	Sing
Seeing " Président " turn , Louis ordered " Canopus " to fire , even though the range was extreme .	Sing
The larger ship carried brandy , coffee and some guns , so he sent her back to England with a prize crew .	Sing
In June she recaptured " Grinder " , Ferguson , master .	Sing
She left Negril on 20 May 1811 with a convoy for England and arrived at Portsmouth 24 July from Jamaica and St. George 's Channel .	Sing
Cooney won the Golden Reel for best sound in 2000 and wrote a book entitled , " Work in movies ?	Sing
Warren later married Elizabeth Tasker " Tassy " Plummer on August 12 , 2006 , with John Kerry serving as his groomsman .	Sing
The German Labour Delegation published the " Neue Volkszeitung " , which was at first a daily , then later a weekly newspaper .	Sing
They defeated Castlegar 1-12 to 2-6 .	Sing
For example , " Pinus flexilis " ( limber pine ) , has fascicles of 5 needles .	Plur
At the other extreme , " Pinus monophylla " has fascicles of one needle , rarely two .	Plur
Examples include " Prunus fasciculata " and " Adenostoma fasciculatum " .	Sing
He immediately broke into the team and made 36 appearances during his debut season , a campaign memorable for the Bees record-breaking 21 home wins .	Sing
In 1852 , he married Myra Colby , with whom he would have four children .	Sing
A calciner dating from 1910 – 1913 when the mine was reopened , roasted the tin to remove impurities such as arsenic .	Sing
Gemma captained the Cork Seniors in 2007 , and is the holder of All-Ireland Minor and Senior championship honours along with National League Senior and Junior medals .	Plur
She searches the internet for secretarial jobs .	Sing
The case inspired Jean-Marie Besset 's 2006 play " RER " which in turn was the base for Téchiné 's film script .	Sing
His broadcasting career included CKGM in Montreal and CJON in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador .	Sing
On October 18 , 2010 , the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League signed Hennessey to their practice roster .	Sing
Identifying marine diatoms and dinoflagellates .	Plur
At the head of the host stood the Oba of Benin .	Sing
Collette collected her 4th Ashbourne All-Star , with 4 Ashbourne Medals .	Sing
Therese has won Under-16 and Minor provincial titles with Kilkenny as well as a schools All- Ireland in the Senior ' B ' grade .	Sing
The Leinster ' Young Player of the Year ' in 2008 , Edwina added the I.T .	Sing
Pirates in 3 speedboats approached the " Kriti Episkopi " twice with machine guns and RPG 's and tried to board .	Sing
After a short career as a college professor , he started Lute Jerstad Adventures , a trekking , river rafting and mountaineering service .	Sing
She captained UCD to the Ashbourne Cup in 2008 and was named the Player of the Tournament .	Sing
Bayswater and Queens Park joined the MFL for Season 2013 , with Baldivis , Secret Harbour leaving the MFL .	Sing
She plays for her club Athenry .	Sing
People from Ndeiya region include the current Limuru M.P. , Hon Arch .	Sing
While the partisans battle the occupying German soldiers in the streets , Major Wright enters a bordello in search of Benito Mussolini .	Sing
After being confronted , the major shoots the sergeant and the gunfire starts the attack proper .	Sing
They also attached a surplus Army Quonset hut that they bought to the back of the house to use as a television studio for filming musical performances .	Sing
Veins connect the anus and the hindwings .	Sing
He also represented lowly Kastoria F.C .	Sing
Angela Harry enjoys gardening and goes to a gym most nights .	Sing
Palmer found Jermaine Gresham for a 1-yard touchdown pass ( along with a successful Cedric Benson 2-point conversion run ) to take a 21 – 14 lead .	Sing
The center includes a pre-school , and they enroll up to 16 children .	Sing
In his third year of service , Titus Quinctius Flamininus promoted Sp .	Sing
He received his DMD from The Dental College of GA at Augusta University .	Sing
In 2009 , Ahmadpouri joined Shahin Bushehr after spending the previous two years at Shirin Faraz F.C .	Sing
Australia mainly exports bauxite to India and China .	Sing
The second half saw the Buckeyes pull away , scoring five more touchdowns including another Pryor-to-Sanzenbacher connection , and redshirt freshman Jaamal Berry 's first collegiate touchdown .	Sing
The loss snapped Jim Tressel 's 3-game winning streak against Wisconsin from 2007 to 2009 and dropped Tressel to 4 – 4 against Wisconsin overall .	Sing
At halftime , Ohio State led the rout of Minnesota by a score of 31 – 7 .	Sing
Head sailed " Curlew " for North America on 28 August .	Sing
Next month , on 6 November , " Curlew " and the same squadron recaptured the brig " Friendship " .	Sing
Taking " Volante " involved an exchange of shots but no casualties were reported .	Sing
Then almost a month later , on 7 August , " Curlew " captured the sloop " Eunice " .	Sing
In April 1820 Lieutenant The Right Honourable Price Blackwood replaced Gambier .	Sing
Later , Blackwood sailed " Curlew " to the China seas .	Sing
On 28 December 1822 , the Admiralty sold " Curlew " to James Matheson at Bombay for 15,100 rupees .	Sing
By the late 1850s , the ambrotype was overtaking the daguerreotype in popularity .	Sing
These disagreements caused McDaniels to sit out most of the recording of " Crown Royal " ( 2001 ) .	Sing
The song touched McDaniels so deeply that it inspired him to reassess his life and career .	Plur
He credits McLachlan and her album " Surfacing " ( on which " Angel " appeared ) with saving his life .	Sing
On June 18 , 2018 American rapper DeLiverance released his single titled " Slave To The Rhythm " features DMC on guest vocals .	Sing
In 1978 he received a redress as one of the mishandled cases .	Sing
According to Xiao 's autobiography , he met the English novelist E.M. Forster , on 9 May 1941 at the Tagore Memorial Meeting .	Sing
For providing these duties , a priest would receive " " temporalities " " .	Plur
As Willie searches in the graveyard , he hears Skip 's barks , and can see that Junior is about to strike Skip with a spade .	Plur
Skip awakens , licking his hands and face .	Plur
He married Dora L. Digby in 1879 .	Sing
This also permitted a higher freeboard , which also improved seakeeping .	Sing
Ziff-Davis had started " Popular Aviation " in 1927 and " Popular Photography " in 1934 but found that Gernsback Publications had the trademark on Popular Electronics .	Sing
The March 1976 issue had the " Pennywhistle Modem " and the July 1976 issue had the " SOL Intelligent Terminal " .	Sing
This left Ziff-Davis with the computer group and the database publisher ( Information Access Company . )	Sing
In 1994 he and his sons sold Ziff-Davis for $ 1.4 billion .	Plur
The improvements included a higher forecastle to improve the ship 's seakeeping qualities , Krupp cemented armour and Belleville boilers .	Sing
The ship left Constanța on 10 July , having to be towed back to Sevastopol , where she arrived on 14 July .	Sing
In February 1454 , the Prussian Confederation asked King Casimir IV of Poland to support their revolt and to become head of Prussia in personal union .	Sing
It has a whitish supercilium and eyering , with dark eye and moustachial stripes .	Sing
This species appears shorter tailed and larger headed than meadow pipit .	Sing
Newton played the Narrator in the 2015 Australian production of " The Rocky Horror Show " .	Sing
Newton has also hosted the Logies ( 1968 – 1980 , 1982 , 1984 , 1989 , 1993 and 2010 , and co-host in 2006 ) .	Plur
TRSI spawned its Austrian Amiga demo section Surprise !	Sing
Fiver2 published his " Honeycomb " slideshow .	Sing
Each house was assigned a housemaster and seven tutors .	Sing
Xavier does not offer the International Baccalaureate .	Sing
Rediff featured Patel as one of the top Bollywood actresses of 2001 .	Sing
She learned scuba diving for the song that took 15 days to complete .	Sing
Rediff featured Patel as one of Bollywood 's sexiest actresses and top Bollywood actresses of 2001 .	Sing
Edward Woodward played Alwyn , a rogue Techno Mage living on the planet with its inhabitants who was a friend of Galen 's former teacher .	Sing
AEREON also patented the pressurization and buoyancy-control system , in 1965 .	Sing
Post " Lagaan " , Singh appeared in a few successful films in Hindi and Telugu including " Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. "	Sing
The stage win also gave Petacchi the maglia rosa .	Sing
Leo , on the first-ever Claddagh album " Rí na bPíobairí " ( King of the Pipers ) , produced virtuoso uilleann piping .	Sing
The first led Bavarians in the Thirty Years War ; the second led the fight against Napoleon .	Plur
In the late 1950s he met Seán Ó Riada and joined his group Ceoltóirí Chualann in the early 1960s .	Sing
In 2008 Deep Forest released the album Deep Brasil , a collaboration with Brazilian artist Flavio Dell Isola .	Sing
He played Hadji Murad , a 19th-century Chechen chieftain who led his warriors in a fight against the invading Russians .	Sing
In 1968 Reeves appeared in his final film , a spaghetti Western he co-wrote , titled " I Live For Your Death ! "	Sing
Contribution à l 'étude terminologique des théories chinoises de la peinture " .	Sing
He chose " Leys " after the main character of Victor Segalen 's novel " René Leys " ( published in 1922 ) .	Sing
On further investigation , East Sussex historian Raphael Stipic found a letter written by Sir Walter Kirke about Lawrence .	Sing
In their simplest form , these are just raised concrete curbs , but can also be landscaped with grass or trees or decorated with bricks or stones .	Plur
As game developer Brian F Colin stated " the hardware couldn 't support that much art and we never figured anyone would get through 768 levels " .	Sing
His three league goals helped Bolton to again qualify for the UEFA Cup .	Sing
In 1969 , mostly due to international pressure , Spain relinquished Sidi Ifni to Morocco .	Sing
By these changes he greatly increased the rapidity of their movements .	Sing
Practically all patent legislations disallow the patentability of something obvious .	Sing
This creates a comparitvely high nutrient and high light environment that allows rapid phytoplankton growth .	Sing
Dunne also told Copeland that he regretted having voted against the legalisation of prostitution and the Civil Unions Act .	Sing
In March 2009 , the Kiwi Party elected Copeland as their national president .	Sing
In August 2014 the Conservative Party listed Copeland as its candidate in the Hutt South electorate for the 2014 general election .	Sing
He became an MSP in the first elections to the Scottish Parliament in 1999 , and held the same ministerial portfolio until May 2007 .	Sing
In 1956 also received its former prefix HL , already used between 1906 and 1937 , when its statehood was abolished .	Sing
After World War I , during the Weimar Republic , the German Army used RW for .	Sing
HE Hesse 1946 – 1947 , AH Hesse ( American Zone , Hesse ) 1948 – 1956 , H Hesse , 1950 – 1956 .	Sing
CNG also emits 20-29 % less CO2 than diesel and gasoline .	Sing
As compared to LNG , it requires no chilling ( and thus less energy ) , or problems associated with extreme cold such as frostbite .	Sing
The 2013 National Trucker 's Directory lists approximately 7,000 truckstops , thus approximately 1 % of US truckstops have LNG available .	Sing
The original ISX G engines incorporated a turbocharger to enhance the air-fuel energy density .	Sing
Westport recommends CNG for engines 7 liters or smaller and LNG with direct injection for engines between 20 and 150 liters .	Sing
Some airplanes use LNG to power their turbofans .	Sing
Combustion of one cubic meter yields 38 MJ ( 10.6 kWh ) .	Sing
Bus Éireann Introduced the first NGV on 17 July 2012 .	Sing
Iran has been manufacturing its own NGV 's through local manufacturing using dedicated CNG engines which use gasoline only as a back up fuel .	Sing
Government officials made suspected Christians trample on these pictures .	Sing
In June 2014 , she married Armenian businessman Aram Ohanian , her boyfriend of three years .	Sing
In response , Drnovšek dismissed Janša and removed the Social Democratic Party from the ruling coalition .	Sing
The sociologist Frane Adam instead explains Janša as the product of culture wars between the old Communist elites and the hitherto-disenfranchised elites of the right wing .	Sing
On 28 January he became the Prime-Minister elect .	Sing
In certain respects , SystemC deliberately mimics the hardware description languages VHDL and Verilog , but is more aptly described as a " system-level modeling language " .	Sing
This makes chitosan water-soluble and a bioadhesive which readily binds to negatively charged surfaces such as mucosal membranes .	Sing
The US Forest Service tested chitosan as an ecofriendly biopesticide to prearm pine trees to defend themselves against mountain pine beetles .	Sing
The Romans overwhelmed the previous civilisations and Lombardy became one of the richest and best-developed areas in Italy .	Plur
The River Adda separates Cremona from the Province of Lodi and the River Oglio provides the border with the Province of Mantua .	Sing
He was appointed Commandant of the Central Flying School in 1928 and served as Aide-de-Camp to King George V from 1931 to 1932 .	Sing
In some cases , the increase in body size may represent a passive , rather than an active , trend .	Sing
In the extreme cases springing may cause severe fatigue cracking of critical structural details , especially in moderate to rough head seas with low peak periods .	Sing
Archtop guitars often have Curly maple or Quilted maple backs .	Sing
1993 – The Whitechapel Gallery showcases Lucian Freud	Sing
A chemical compound has a smell or odor when it is sufficiently volatile to be transported to the olfactory system in the upper part of the nose .	Sing
On November 2013 , the company has launched the " Home phone MTS " in Ryazan , Oryol , Kirov , Krasnodar , Rostov-on-Don and Yekaterinburg .	Plur
Of Armenian descent , Connors was born Krekor Ohanian in Fresno , California in 1925 .	Sing
In 1965 , he co-starred in one of Robert Redford 's earliest film roles , a World War II black comedy , " Situation Hopeless ...	Sing
They released the single " Equilibrium " on 25 February 2016 .	Sing
Measuring the azimuth ( direction with respect to the geographic grid in which the wellbore was running from the vertical ) , however , was more difficult .	Sing
“ We saw TAC as a natural ally	Sing
Later 2.0 CRDi models include variable geometry turbocharger .	Sing
2009 Tucsons see minor restyling and trim changes .	Sing
It is a version of the 2.0 CRDi 6-speed manual 4WD for UK market .	Sing
The vehicle has MSRP of £ 20,670 .	Sing
The SE Plus mates the base SE drivetrain with many of the features of the Limited trim .	Sing
The third generation receives a mid-generational refresh for the 2014 model year , with new headlamps , fog lamps , etc .	Sing
Many smaller vineyard owners do not pursue viticulture as a full-time occupation , but rather as a supplement to other agriculture or to hospitality .	Sing
Except for Helgøya , Mjøsa only contains small islets .	Plur
On 18 May 1518 , King Manuel I of Portugal conceded a foral ( " charter " ) to Belver .	Sing
diagrams representing the same knot have the same polynomial .	Sing
Shade has read Bram Stoker 's Dracula and believes it to be " foolish in many details " .	Sing
The species " B. cetoides " is the state fossil of Mississippi and Alabama .	Sing
Similarly sized thoracic , lumbar , sacral , and caudal vertebrae imply that it moved in an anguilliform fashion , but predominantly in the vertical plane .	Sing
However , after hanging out with some Rastafarians , Mike makes a fool of himself onstage ( culminating to his yelling " KILL WHITEY ! "	Sing
He asks Macintosh to send his son home .	Sing
However , with the FBI knowing that Mr. Macintosh had been using the watermarked bills , they arrest Quigley , Juice and Biderman .	Sing
A Star Letter was chosen every fortnight .	Sing
She blends traditional fado with contemporary styles and searches out new forms of musical expression .	Sing
In May 2005 , he succeeded Ren Bucholz as Activist Coordinator for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , and then became EFF 's International Outreach Coordinator .	Sing
North Carolina 's insensitivity led frustrated East Tennesseans in 1784 to form the breakaway State of Franklin .	Sing
The voters chose Sevier as governor .	Sing
The Confederates besieged Chattanooga in early fall 1863 but were driven off by Grant in November .	Sing
In 2010 , during the historic 2010 midterm elections , Bill Haslam succeeded Bredesen , who was term-limited , to become the 49th Governor of Tennessee .	Sing
He did not prefer only Confucianism and tried to deal with Buddhism .	Sing
Each platform has an exit-only at the center , at 24th Street .	Sing
He left Oakwell in August 1984 , after 38 league games in which he scored five goals , joining Darlington .	Sing
Martha swung a crowbar at Jacob and missed him by an inch .	Sing
The station is named Marly due to its proximity to the Clinica de Marly , located in Chapinero .	Sing
The Knickerbocker name stayed with the team even after it moved its base of operations to Elysian Fields at Hoboken , N.J. in 1846 .	Sing
The station is named Calle 63 due to its proximity to the arterial route of the same name .	Sing
The San Francisco Chronicle called al Barakat a Somali-based business conglomerate and money transfer organization .	Sing
The station is named Calle 72 due to its proximity to the arterial route of the same name .	Sing
For this reason , many use Gerber when the potential contract is in notrump .	Sing
The station is named Calle 76 due to its proximity to the arterial route of the same name .	Sing
Following his stint at WBBM-TV , Drury joined WGN-TV , where he served as the 10 p.m. news anchor until 1970 .	Sing
Ferrazzi may have developed a respiratory ailment during her period of imprisonment , as she died in 1684 .	Sing
Magma supports both CPF and UPF .	Sing
The first step involves a 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition to form a pyrazoline which then undergoes denitrogenation , either photochemically or by thermal decomposition , to give cyclopropane .	Sing
Treatment with a strong base will generate a carbanion which will cyclise in a " 3-exo-trig " manner , with displacement of the halide .	Sing
The third episode also featured a controversial skit that showed a woman describing what her first lesbian experience was like in a park .	Sing
Samuel I. Zeveloff calls the Tres Marias raccoon large compared to an average sized common raccoon , so that it is not an example of insular dwarfism .	Sing
proved a sharpening of the Whitney extension theorem in the special case of a half space .	Sing
The first issue of the Ajo Copper News bore a dateline of April 29 , 1916 .	Sing
Most of the video includes T-Pain and E-40 scouting various women , Kandi Burruss and Ashalee Albar being just to name a few .	Sing
They have two sons Sidharth and Aditya and a god-daughter , Mariam , living in the United States .	Sing
Lord Byron 's epic " Don Juan " contains much anapestic tetrameter .	Sing
They were issued a TRO by the court requiring the encampment to abide by the same conditions required at previous sites .	Sing
On February 26 , 2007 , Judge David Steiner ordered Woodinville to pay the $ 8,388 in attorneys ' fees needed to defend the SHARE employee .	Sing
Whilst this is happening , the platoon begin to arrive for parade , each believing that they have been promoted to sergeant .	Sing
These victories included Trophée des Grimpeurs , Tour du Haut-Var and the Polynormande .	Sing
Unlike his predecessors , Du Yu used the " Zuo Zhuan " to comment on the " Chunqiu Classic " .	Sing
For each resistor you will have a waveform .	Sing
The band visited Jakarta for a promotional tour and performed acoustically for fans .	Sing
Thomas entered Ioannina sometime in 1366 or 1367 .	Sing
New coach Alistair Clarkson chose Vandenberg because he was a man who was " very forthright , honest and has great integrity " qualities his teammates admired .	Sing
In 1964 , he visited Malankara and consecrated Augen Timotheous as Catholicos to establish peace in the church .	Sing
An example operator that buffers recently received tuples but that	Plur
" California Trails " exhibits California condors , Channel Island fox , desert tortoises and bald eagles .	Plur
Many Windows applications , such as Outlook , use Cryptographic Application Programming Interface ( CAPI ) for path discovery .	Sing
It stood limp before God .	Sing
He also stated that C.D .	Sing
In 1998 , media holding company Havas purchased SFM , except for its SFM Entertainment division .	Sing
Together used the caption repeatedly throughout the song rather than being a one-liner as in the case of the Real Thing song .	Sing
Sources throughout the watershed include non-point agricultural and urban stormwater as well as a multiplicity of point source discharges of treated municipal wastewater effluent .	Sing
The conference included laymen as well as clergy , an arrangement which had no precedent in England .	Plur
Usually today a " Staffelkapitän " is of " Oberstleutnant " or " Major " rank .	Sing
Important towns and villages on the river include : Nizhyn , Kozelets , Roslavl and Oster .	Sing
Hacking became a skilled , adventurous bushman , who led many hunting expeditions to supplement meat rations for Australia ’ s first settlers .	Sing
In 1804 Hacking was appointed coxswain to the lieutenant-governor at Hobart .	Sing
In 2007 , he portrayed Sohail Waheed in the Channel 4 drama , " Britz " .	Sing
In 2014 , Ahmed appeared in Dan Gilroy 's directorial debut film " Nightcrawler " where he played role of Rick , opposite Jake Gyllenhaal .	Sing
His sons and successors included Rabbi Eliezer Zev in Kretshnif , Romania and Sighit , and Rebbe Issamar of Nadvorna ( d . 1973 ) in Chernowitz .	Sing
This brought the event 's charitable giving total to approximately $ 17.7 million since 2007 .	Sing
In 1622 , King Jan II Casimir granted Oster the Magdeburg rights and a coat of arms .	Sing
On August 22 , the Royals demoted Guthrie to the bullpen to make room in the rotation for Kris Medlen .	Sing
The next day , the Nationals designated Guthrie for assignment and called up Matt Albers .	Sing
Groups that have played there include Maroon 5 , Baby Bash , Miranda Lambert , Hoobastank , Dj Dmoney , Lostprophets , Chingy and Dierks Bentley .	Sing
She hit Huckabee hard on Education with her REACH proposal .	Sing
Alfred Harker FRS ( 19 February 1859 – 28 July 1939 ) was an English geologist who specialised in petrology and interpretive petrography .	Sing
Harker 's duties included teaching Mineralogy and Petrology to students .	Sing
The track hosts the annual Oshkosh High School Invitational , which is attended by a large number of Wisconsin high school track teams .	Sing
In July 2015 he married Joanna Maxwell .	Sing
On that evening , Eboli was managing middleweight boxer Rocky Castellani , who was fighting Ernie ( The Rock ) Durando .	Sing
The New York State Athletic Commission also banned Eboli from boxing for life .	Sing
Attempting to earn money , Lorde Cigano has Swallow wrestle another strongman , betting the troupe 's truck .	Sing
Many Kavalan can also speak Amis , Taiwanese , Mandarin , and Japanese ( Li 2006 : 1 ) .	Sing
He also edited the " Port Folio " ( one of the day 's primary medical magazines ) and published over 200 medical publications .	Sing
In 1953 , American professor Vernon K. Krieble developed anaerobic threadlocking adhesives in his basement laboratory at Trinity College in Hartford , Connecticut .	Plur
Dawson married Sharron Kearney on October 13 , 2012 .	Sing
The song was originally to feature M.I.A .	Sing
Wall later included " Drive Slow " as the eleventh track on his international debut album " The Peoples Champ " .	Sing
One day during winter , the step-mother makes her step-daughter put on a paper dress and go out to find strawberries .	Sing
He had Sarmad arrested and tried for heresy .	Sing
Back in Havana he joined Orquesta Sensación , led by Rolando Valdés ( to briefly replace the much more famous " sonero " Abelardo Barroso ) .	Sing
It therefore connects ramification with algebraic topology , in this case .	Sing
The cardiomyocytes extend lengthwise but have the same diameter , resulting in ventricular dilation .	Sing
A device developer can implement PROFINET IO with any commercially available Ethernet controller .	Sing
The connect request establishes an Application Relationship ( AR ) containing a number of Communication Relationships ( CRs ) between the IO Controller and IO Device .	Sing
Acknowledgement of the connect request by the IO Device allows parameterization to follow .	Sing
" Julidochromis " are small-growing dwarf cichlids and easy to spawn and care for if their basic needs are fulfilled .	Plur
Jonathan Oliver Marks founded the software company Harlequin .	Sing
The Americans reported several Californios dead and several wounded .	Plur
Historians debate the historical correctness of the film during the intermission .	Sing
Dmytro Hunia ( ; ) was elected hetman of the Zaporozhian Host in 1638 .	Sing
Afterwards , Schloendorff developed gangrene in the left arm , ultimately leading to the amputation of some fingers .	Sing
The rebels left Zaporozhye and divided themselves into three detachments .	Sing
His force took Kremenchuk and moved on to Khorol and Omelnyk .	Sing
Subsequently the Cossacks elected a new Hetman in the person of Dmytro Hunia .	Sing
The M62 motorway , completed in 1976 , also crosses the bog , to the north of Irlam .	Sing
In 2017 , he became senior analyst at Religion News Service .	Sing
The indigenous peoples of the Caribbean included the Taíno , the Island Caribs of the Lesser Antilles , and the Guanahatabey of western Cuba .	Sing
The man drinks Bill 's vodka and takes half of his pills messing up his suicide plan and takes off .	Sing
This marks a significant turning-point in the novel , as it is the end of Julian 's memoir .	Sing
After the return from Elba the " Nain jaune " became Bonapartist and fell into discredit .	Sing
Other " secondary " wares had monochrome glazes in different colours : a very rare black , various shades of red and brown , gold and green .	Plur
This led The Zap becoming popular with superstar DJs such as Paul Oakenfold and Jeremy Healy who both played in the club during these years .	Sing
Now Bhatkal has significant Muslim Population .	Sing
Str8 off tha Streetz of Muthaphukkin Compton is the second and final studio album by American hip hop recording artist Eazy-E .	Sing
He then promoted Tlass to high-ranking military and party positions .	Sing
His writings allegedly reflect anti-Semitism and belief in conspiracy theories .	Sing
Other suffixes include nr , cl , and wm .	Sing
USS " Pivot " is a name used more than once by the United States Navy :	Sing
Ham , the father of Canaan , saw his father 's nakedness and told his two brothers .	Sing
Haran had a son Lot and two daughters Milcah and Iscah , and then died in Ur during the lifetime of his father Terah .	Sing
In a Baraita , Rabbi Eleazar of Modi 'im interpreted " Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail ; and the mountains were covered . "	Plur
But Rabbi Nehemiah insisted that literally meant ravens , and the ravens brought Elijah food from King Jehoshaphat 's table .	Plur
One day Noah was cutting a pomegranate , when a worm dropped out of it , and the chameleon ate it .	Sing
Moses called it " the Uncircumcised " in saying , " Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart . "	Sing
Abram 's family hid Abram in a cave for 13 years without seeing the sun or moon .	Sing
The " Sefer ha-Chinuch " , however , attributed the commandment to	Sing
Later , the Society added " Bossier " to its name to become the Shreveport-Bossier Astronomical Society , Inc .	Sing
Many restaurants around Adana will also bring hot hummus with butter topped with pastırma on the side .	Sing
Every piece of cyberware has a Humanity Cost that reduces the character 's base Empathy .	Sing
Anne Leigh , heiress to the Middleton Estates , married Ralph Brandling from Felling near Gateshead on the River Tyne .	Sing
In 2010 , a third Red Box album was released , titled " Plenty " .	Sing
The Act specifically mentioned Port Phillip and Moreton Bay as districts which were likely to become separate colonies in the foreseeable future .	Sing
He was nicknamed " Bunter " because of his supposed resemblance to Billy Bunter .	Sing
He married Arlette Patoux , of Le Vesinet , France in 1956 .	Sing
On this record , " Trace " magazine described Mýa as a spunky , seductive , femme-fatale .	Sing
Unbeknownst to the public , an artist had offered Mýa and her label a million dollars for the song .	Sing
In late 2002 , the Coca-Cola company signed Mýa to star in their new advertising campaign .	Sing
In 2004 , Garcetti authored Proposition O , a county stormwater bond which sought to clean the city 's waterways .	Sing
Garcetti told KCBS-TV that the donations were legal and the sequence of events was a coincidence .	Sing
Clinton told Garcetti that he " may become president one day " .	Sing
During séances , Eric Dingwall told Crandon to take off her clothes and sit in the nude .	Sing
Finally , the Harvard committee also pronounced Crandon as fraudulent .	Sing
Upon hearing this , Crandon gave a shriek and fainted .	Sing
è strano ... Ah fors 'è lui " in which she considers that the man whom she has just met may be the one for her .	Sing
There , he met and befriended Georgii Chicherin and Maxim Litvinov .	Sing
Afterward , Nick encounters Widmerpool again while staying in France in order to improve his French .	Sing
See Bodyline for full details .	Sing
Notable Bengali performers from previous culfests include Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay , Manna Dey , Bhupen Hazarika , Anup Ghosal , Suman Chattopadhyay and Anjan Dutt .	Sing
Notable second generation Bengali folk rock musicians Anjan Dutt and Suman Chattopadhyay have also been associated with Sanskriti .	Sing
The complex includes Estadio Atanasio Girardot , Medellín Sports Coliseum , Luis Alberto Villegas Stadium , and Alfonso Galvis Duque Stadium .	Sing
They will be leaving the NCHA to join the Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference in 2019 .	Sing
By the 1990s , she had become a prominent solo clarinetist , recording regularly and exclusively for the EMI label .	Sing
Shortly thereafter he began writing his history of Genoa , titled " Annales " .	Plur
NGC 869 and 884 are often designated h and χ Persei , respectively .	Sing
In 1988 , Ritman was voted Best Programmer Of The Year at the Golden Joystick Awards .	Sing
During the Great Depression , the Elmer brothers developed a cornmeal-based cheese-curl snack .	Sing
For the next 30 years , the company marketed their famous cheese curls using the names " Chee-T " and " Chee-Z-Snax " .	Plur
Hero also captures a crony and handcuffs him to the wire to act as a decoy .	Sing
By the fall of 1906 the rail line reached Hardisty from Daysland .	Sing
Sinclair protested the banning and hoped to bring an obscenity case to trial .	Sing
The compound generates excitons upon absorption of ultra-violet ( UV ) or visible light ; this makes it very sensitive to oxidation .	Plur
He replaced Dickenson in the third week game against the Edmonton Eskimos , leading the Stampeders to a come-from-behind victory .	Sing
She then bit Ramses and Ostraca and entombed them in the Queen 's burial sarcophagus .	Sing
They attacked Necropolis first and Purgatori was forced to flee .	Sing
In a long battle she lost her jackals to the Nameless Wolves but beat Lady Death .	Plur
Purgatori watched the vampire war escalate , deciding that Dracula was becoming too powerful for her liking .	Sing
Her army ravaged Asgard , killing some and converting the rest to her warriors .	Sing
She defeated Odin and stole his powers .	Sing
Vandala and Vulnavia fled the carnage , trying to take Frigga to safety , but Purgatori followed them to Transdemoniium , killing Frigga .	Sing
By August 16 , the convection developed a mid to low level circulation , and developed into tropical storm by August 18 .	Sing
The Glick post office was renamed Belvidere on April 26 , 1890 , remained in operation until it was discontinued on November 23 , 1996 .	Sing
The family resides in Nashville , Tennessee and has 1 pug , Olivia , and 2 horses , Mr. Benjamin Buttons and Mr. Ghost .	Sing
The major public terminals include Turning Basin , Barbours Cut , and Bayport .	Sing
The onset of World War I and the first mechanized war 's thirst for oil greatly increased use of the ship channel .	Sing
entitled " The Myths of Gitmo : Torture , Abuse or the Truth " .	Plur
Film credits also include the IMAX film " Twang " .	Sing
( See chi ( unit ) for details . )	Sing
It presents symmetrical fenestration to both street elevations with no decorative elements or embellishments .	Sing
Wells asked Dodge " if he had behaved like a soldier . "	Sing
He married Constance Rosalie Bicknell in 1899 .	Sing
The highway joins Minneapolis and St. Paul together where it meets Minnesota State Highway 280 ( MN 280 ) .	Sing
Finally , the police lodged an FIR against eight of the accused .	Sing
Of the remaining eight suspects , Farooq Chishty , a former Indian Youth Congress leader , allegedly became mentally unstable , developing schizophrenia .	Sing
In identifying students ' misconceptions , first you can identify their preconceptions .	Plur
He investigated the electrical conductance of liquid ammonia alkali metal solutions contributing to the development of the concept of solvated electron .	Sing
They break into song-and-dance ( " Everybody Rejoice " ) and praise Dorothy as their emancipator .	Sing
Of his decision not to direct " The Wiz " , John Badham recalled telling Cohen that he thought Ross was " a wonderful singer .	Sing
Critics panned " The Wiz " upon its October 1978 release .	Sing
and characterized " The Wiz " in a list which also featured 1970s films " Shaft " , " Blacula " , and " Super Fly " .	Sing
In November 2010 , Carlton & United Beverages launched Pure Blonde White Lager , which claims to be the first Australian lower-carbohydrate wheat beer .	Sing
It has aan ABV of 4.6 % / 1.3 standard drinks .	Sing
He graduated from Wesleyan University in 1840 and from Union Theological Seminary in 1843 ; he then entered the ministry , joining the New England conference .	Sing
At the rural hamlet , CR 10 intersects at-grade .	Sing
In Brasie Corners , NY 58 becomes a two-lane residential , intersecting with the northern terminus of CR 8 ( Brasie Corners – Rossie Road ) .	Sing
Having a relatively inexpensive racecar and two drivers sharing the cost every race allowed to have a massive participation , with grids often exceeding 50 cars .	Sing
Hatakeyama chose fellow Japanese boxer Hiroyuki Sakamoto to challenge his title , and the two fought an epic fight in October , 2000 .	Sing
Hatakeyama knocked out Sakamoto in the 10th round , making his first defense .	Sing
In July , 2001 , he fought former lightweight champion Julien Lorcy for his third defense .	Sing
After serving in the army in the South Pacific during the Second World War , he established B.G .	Sing
The teachers fostered a togetherness that united each student with a sense of family , that was taught right along with the school subjects .	Sing
He also beat undefeated Puerto Rican Palacios by UD and by SD in 2011 / 2012 .	Plur
However , despite her assertion and references to that assertion in articles by journalists , Porter did not write " Miss Otis Regrets " for Bricktop .	Plur
In August 2015 , Sid directed a W.B .	Sing
His bodyguard , John Bricker , was killed , and Earl Brown , the club 's doorman , was also wounded .	Sing
East of Central Avenue the freeway becomes a six-lane interstate passing near wooded areas , with farmland .	Sing
East of SR 249 the highway leaves Portage and enters Burns Harbor , before passing under SR 149 .	Sing
The segment of freeway between US 20 and the Michigan state line has the lowest AADT on I-94 in the state of Indiana , at 37,179 vehicles .	Sing
West of the county airport , the Jackson business loop follows M-60 southward , and I-94 travels through the north side of Jackson .	Sing
These sections connected Ann Arbor to Detroit , along with a bypass of Kalamazoo to Galesburg and a bypass of Jackson .	Sing
Jett , of Virginia Episcopal School , led the balloting and received the majority votes needed for election in the third ballot .	Sing
The Greater Bridgeport Transit Authority now serves Bridgeport , but Waterbury and New Britain operations have been taken over by Connecticut Transit .	Sing
Almost all major public health and dental organizations support water fluoridation , or consider it safe .	Sing
Still , supply-side management is often being pursued tapping into non-conventional water resources , in particular seawater desalination in coastal areas with high population growth .	Sing
Los Angeles County 's sanitation districts have provided treated wastewater for landscape irrigation in parks and golf courses since 1929 .	Sing
At age 14 he was in a minstrel troupe in Atlantic City , called Trocadero .	Sing
He has found " Lucky Hoodoo " , and another film Van made , " Where are the Husbands ? "	Sing
At the time of Van 's death , he had one grandchild , Peter Van Harding .	Sing
McSally then completed Replacement Training Unit for the A-10 Thunderbolt II at Davis-Monthan AFB , Arizona .	Sing
Various farms producing Witblits in the Western Cape have scheduled witblits tastings and witblits tours to promote the liquor and raise the profile of their brands .	Plur
Odoardo Beccari , an Italian botanist , visited Bintulu in 1867 .	Sing
The new airport has a runway measuring , capable of handling planes as large as the Airbus A330 .	Sing
It has a structural design with a rock garden courtyard , man-made waterfall , and dragon fencing .	Sing
The park has a hornbill aviary , a butterfly garden , and a mini-zoo .	Sing
At the site of the alleged foxfire , the agents find the ground burnt and a witch 's peg staked into the ground .	Sing
Doris calls Mulder , believing that Chaco wants to kill her ; after she hangs up , she is attacked by the masked figure .	Sing
Spotnitz also used " Chaco " as the name of the chicken plant in this episode .	Sing
Noir Dyne created an operational Hive with the capability to produce enough bio-toxin to threaten the Galaxy .	Sing
In Friulian , " furlane " means " Friulian " , in this case " Friulian Dance " .	Sing
The Earl warns Horatia against continuing her friendship with Lethbridge ; but when he declines to explain why , Horatia disregards his warning .	Sing
While she is away fixing her dress , he incapacitates Lethbridge and dresses himself in Lethbridge 's mask and domino .	Sing
In ancient times , it fed a wetland in the Rieti Valley that was thought to bring illness ( probably malaria ) .	Sing
She won the Prix Médicis for the autobiographical novel Derrière la baignoire ( Behind the Bathtub ) .	Plur
Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom visited Ankara as the guest of the Head of State Cemal Gursel during his term in the Embassy .	Sing
This also led Burrows to explore the paranormal , and apparently unexplained phenomena .	Sing
Ibanez re-introduced the Ibanez S 7 string due to popular demand in 2007 .	Sing
On 2 January 2018 , after a six-month spell in Thailand with Ratchaburi Mitr Phol FC , he joined Albacete Balompié .	Sing
A week earlier his brother Thomas pleaded guilty money-laundering .	Sing
Nóirín plays an Indian harmonium ( surpeti ) , shruti box and feadóg ( whistle ) .	Sing
They all omit bitters and none of them garnish with an onion .	Plur
Other stories involve different Gibsons , such as an apocryphal American diplomat who served in Europe during Prohibition .	Plur
When the pilot interjects that he has heard he wouldn 't , the doctor asks " Heard from who ?	Sing
Maddox sees this defiance which is the start of his anarchy .	Sing
This is includes the erasing of student grades , posting posters / fliers , locking part of the student body in a room among other things .	Sing
Pearl tutored Waheeda Rehman on her diction for the English part .	Sing
The administrators ' influence often kept FEA from being an effective advocate for classroom teachers .	Sing
The next day , Charles meets Bab with her notorious Belgian suitor , the Count de Lavisse .	Sing
This leads Bab to say that Charles is a much better person then she is .	Sing
Harriet Taverner , Judith 's brother 's wife , had snubbed Bab , leading Bab to charm Perry as punishment .	Sing
Charles regains lucidity , aided by the ministrations of the Duchess of Avon .	Sing
From North Branch you can take interstate 35 .	Sing
Over all objections from his brother officers , Harry married Juana a few days later .	Sing
After the defeat of Napoleon , Harry took Juana to London and installed her in lodgings .	Sing
During the voyage , Silver escapes his shackles , throws the sea cook overboard and claims the position for himself .	Plur
Many adventures follow which culminate in everybody converging on Treasure Island for a final battle .	Sing
He discovers a rival suitor and challenges him to a duel .	Sing
They find nobody and are then trapped on the roof .	Sing
When she awakes she finds Vieux Bois with a new donkey , taken from his opponent .	Sing
In the process he avoids a betrothal to Melissa Brandon , whose family are relying on him to help them out of their financial difficulties .	Sing
Outside of research , Aarseth 's interests include mountaineering , trekking and wildlife .	Sing
Other species include wild cherry , ash , field maple , silver birch , pedunculate oak and aspen .	Sing
The more usual woodland plants include bluebell , yellow archangel , wood sage and wood-sorrel .	Sing
He asks her step-mother to bring her to his castle .	Sing
The apps also support Android Wear , Android Auto , Smart Device Link , Apple Watch and Apple CarPlay .	Sing
In his book , " The Old Cape House " , parliamentary clerk and writer Ralph Kilpin described Schermbrucker 's amusing but very successful style of politics :	Sing
Jenny later admitted her infidelity to Callum and he ended their relationship , before leaving town .	Sing
Glenn became protective of Jenny and jealous when she spoke to other men .	Sing
Clem Bastow from The Vine praised Bergland , saying that she does her best with the material she is given as Jenny .	Sing
Likewise , Iran restored mausoleums in Raqqa ( shrines of Uways al-Qarani and Ammar bin Yasir ) .	Plur
The species populates deadwood and leaf .	Sing
Craig meets Ashbee to coordinate his investigation with the CIA , who tells him about the illegal Soviet residency in Rome .	Sing
With the help of the mafia , Craig rescues Ashbee and captures the KGB agents .	Sing
Still needing to find the source of the Embassy leaks , Craig allows Zakharov to escape and follows him to discover the mole .	Sing
However , John Holcroft was found absent in the January sittings and informed against in the King 's Bench .	Sing
Some physicians use local anaesthesia ( i.e .	Sing
It has a 1940s exterior , unlike the interior .	Plur
Soon Wheeler has met not only Sigmund Freud but also his own father .	Sing
He won the Stock Car Brasil second tier in 2009 , 2011 and 2012 .	Sing
Bob Hewison signed Peters in May 1936 from Swindon Town for Bristol City .	Sing
He then married Inés Rodríguez Girón .	Sing
Varro 's contemporary Nigidius Figulus identified Janus with Apollo and Iana with Diana .	Sing
John Doukas was named " doux " of Cyprus in 1155 , the post he held until his death .	Sing
Danish troops then occupied Schleswig .	Sing
In 1419 , Danish troops conquered Fehmarn and looted it .	Sing
Needmore was originally named Ogden , the naming of which occurred in 1900 .	Sing
Writers adapted 12 monologues from personal tales handwritten by children living in abysmal conditions in rural South Africa .	Plur
Bilik , previously a book editor , launched Knock Knock in 2002 with the proceeds from the sale of her Manhattan apartment .	Sing
The immersive play reimagines his 1920 ’ s extravaganza , The Midnight Frolic , with showgirls , burlesque , aerialists , song and dance .	Sing
He was named the Cricketer of the Year at Cricket South Africa 's 2017 Annual Awards .	Sing
He eventually became the highest bid foreign wicket-keeper in the auction .	Sing
Swedes had taken Grudziądz on December 13 , 1655 , after their failed attempt at conquering Denmark followed by the subsequent march along the Baltic coast .	Sing
Along with Stefan Czarniecki arrived the Polish Prince Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski – Field Crown Hetman since 1658 , who approached Grudziądz fortress in mid-August .	Sing
Around 1330 he married to Alix of Dampierre ( d . 1346 ) , the heiress of Guy of Dampierre-Richebourg .	Sing
Instead they hand-picked the Miss Spain 2009 semifinalist of Dominican origins , Melody Mir Jiménez from Santiago de los Caballeros , Santiago .	Sing
Northern Ireland would have used the Single Transferable Vote .	Sing
the members of the House of Lords excluding the Lords Spiritual ) .	Sing
Andres Chaurand replaced original drummer Brendan Culp in 2016 .	Sing
The latter marked a reminiscence of early works by Nightwish or Epica , and praised the aesthetics of the songs .	Sing
The first evaluates the polynomial over a grid on the complex plane and conducts a direct search for potential zeros .	Sing
On July 24 , the CONCACAF Disciplinary Committee suspended the Panamanian goalkeeper Jaime Penedo for two matches for insulting the referee .	Sing
Atlético Madrid defeated THW Kiel in an all-European final 28 – 23 .	Sing
In 2006 he published " Carboniferous Collisions " , on the painter Josef Herman .	Plur
Ina loses her loved teddy bear Nonno in the Metro after Christmas-shopping with her mum .	Sing
He led the Pac-12 in steals per game for the second consecutive season , and also finished ninth nationally .	Sing
He was voted Britain 's ' Best Looking Jockey ' by female racegoers at Hexham racecourse 's ladies day in 2011 .	Sing
It stars former " The Bachelor " and " The Bachelorette " star Jillian Harris , and real estate agent Todd Talbot .	Sing
In 1993 , " Lord Relic " won the 1993 Challow Hurdle at Newbury Racecourse by 10 lengths .	Sing
McCracken described Wander as a " nomadic , hippie , muppet man " .	Sing
They had several pimps working for them to ensure a continuing supply of women .	Plur
It has erect , hollow , smooth , square ( 4-angled ) stems that sometimes branch off .	Sing
The case involved a homeowner ( Henrietta Eaton ) who lost her house in Massachusetts via a foreclosure sale after defaulting on her mortgage .	Sing
Ástþór brought Eurocard to Iceland in 1979 , making it the first credit card company operating in Iceland .	Sing
On January 14 , 2013 , former " The Facts of Life " star and " " contestant Lisa Whelchel joined Probst as co-host for several episodes .	Sing
Like most comic book conventions , the Ohio Comic Con features a large floorspace for exhibitors , including comic book dealers and collectibles merchants .	Sing
The resulting sulfimide has two resonance forms - 4a and 4b .	Sing
The eviction show aired on Saturdays at 21 : 00 CET , while a spin-off aired on Sundays called " Big Brother Albania Fans ' Club " .	Sing
Anaid voted Joana out and Joana voted herself out .	Sing
Mexican conservatives saw federalism as a failure and Mexico not prepared for such a system .	Sing
Santa Anna 's troops pillaged Zacatecas , and left the region embittered against him .	Sing
The beetles first detect the dung by olfactory cues and fly towards it rapidly .	Plur
where the " C " represents the total capacitance of the CMOS circuit .	Sing
Officer Patrick Oborski then approached Buehler , pushed him forcefully several times in the chest , and arrested him .	Sing
Oborski later claimed Buehler spat on him , a felony charge that carries up to a 10-year prison sentence .	Sing
The grand jury also indicted Norma Pizana for resisting arrest .	Sing
On June 2 , 2014 the National Press Photographers Association filed an Amicus Brief in support of Buehler 's civil lawsuit .	Sing
On March 10 , 2016 , Showtime 's DarkNet docuseries featured Buehler and the Peaceful Streets Project .	Sing
In December , 2017 , The Progressive featured Buehler and his work with the Peaceful Streets Project and Abrome in a three-page feature .	Sing
On January 2 , 2015 , the City of Austin requested the trial judge dismiss all charges against Buehler .	Sing
On February 19 , 2015 , the City of Austin requested the trial judge dismiss all remaining charges against Buehler .	Sing
In 1831 , Gottlund married Charlotta Augusta Brink .	Sing
Kessiakoff just bettered Rolland for the mountains points atop the Col de la Croix de Fer , with the peloton around two minutes behind .	Sing
Around 25 riders remained in the lead group , with only Sagan and Van Den Broeck 's team-mate André Greipel out of the sprinters making the group .	Sing
Sørensen trailed Voeckler by a minute-and-a-half .	Sing
On 9 April 2006 , Santos won the Campeonato Paulista for sixteenth time in history , by beating Portuguesa 2 – 0 in the last match .	Sing
The Southland Regional Council also includes magpies in their RPMS .	Plur
Remolins received the tonsure and then became a secretary to Ferdinand II of Aragon .	Sing
In 1511 , he replaced Ramón de Cardona as Viceroy of Naples , holding this office until 1513 .	Sing
He represented Tyldesley on the Board of Guardians of the Leigh Poor Law Union .	Sing
In 1891 Burton 's mills had 157,196 spindles and 570 looms .	Plur
In the state of Lu , the Ji ( 姬 ) family made the surname Qian ( 千 ) as the name of an ancestor .	Sing
Levy 's books include " Memoir of an Art Gallery " and " Surrealism . "	Sing
Gröger significantly designed the " Mykologische Mitteilungsblatt Halle " , which was distributed to the mushroom surveyors from East Germany .	Sing
( See Privatization : a Comparative Analysis : Russia , Central Asia , Arab Countries .	Sing
He was also awarded a medal strewn with diamonds and with an engraving saying , " For Loyalty . "	Sing
In 1536 , Murad-beg Tardić was charged by Suleiman the Magnificent with 8,000 men to lay siege to the Klis Fortress under Petar Kružić .	Sing
He was later made the beg of the Sanjak of Pojega in 1541 or in 1543 .	Sing
The coffin lid has eight motifs carved ( high relief ) on it .	Sing
He represented Athabasca from 1956 to 1960 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation ( CCF ) member .	Sing
He also remixed Ramadanman 's ' Revenue ' in 2009 for 2nd Drop Records .	Sing
Marc Isambard himself preferred the name Isambard , but is generally known to history as Marc to avoid confusion with his more famous son Isambard Kingdom Brunel .	Sing
In 1807 the tunnel encountered quicksand and conditions became difficult and dangerous .	Sing
He wanted Brunel replaced as Chief Engineer and constantly tried to undermine his position .	Sing
He also recorded the Sogdians working in other capacities such as farmers , carpetweavers , glassmakers , and woodcarvers .	Plur
This conflict incidentally introduced Chinese papermaking to the Islamic world .	Sing
Queen Elizabeth I visited the royal dockyard on 4 April 1581 to knight the adventurer Francis Drake .	Sing
A large former industrial site by the Thames called Convoys Wharf is scheduled for redeveloping into mixed use buildings .	Sing
15 day London Buses serve Edgware , along with three night services , three school services , and two non-TfL routes operated by Uno .	Sing
His longtime childhood friend , Paulinus , also helped Theodosius in his search .	Sing
The historians Sozomen and Theodoret did not include Eudocia in their respective historical works perhaps because they wrote after 443 when Eudocia had fallen into disgrace .	Sing
Theodosius had Paulinus executed and he dismissed Eudocia from the court in 443 .	Sing
The Royal Marines formed one Commando ( A Commando ) which served at Dieppe .	Sing
1 Commando Brigade had just one RM Battalion , No 45 Commando .	Sing
Officers must also take the Admiralty Interview Board ( AIB ) .	Sing
For historical information regarding Marine uniforms , see " Uniforms of the Royal Marines " .	Plur
Other large town centres include Chiswick , Feltham and Brentford .	Sing
It included Northumberland Heath and Belvedere .	Sing
" Darkwing Duck " creator Tad Stones has also publicly credited Sparrow as bringing the character back in a 2010 BOOM Kids !	Sing
In this period in 1784 General William Roy set out the baseline of what would become the Ordnance Survey across Hounslow Heath , passing through Feltham .	Sing
Feltham has a Non-League football club Bedfont & Feltham F.C .	Sing
The Edgware , Highgate and London Railway ( later the Great Northern Railway ) reached Finchley in 1867 .	Sing
Nearby places include Yeading , Hanwell , Perivale , Southall , Northolt , Ealing , Sudbury , Harrow and Wembley .	Sing
They find a heart-shaped locket that Tigger hopes will contain a picture of his family , but it is empty .	Sing
Roo suggests Tigger try writing a letter to his family , which Tigger does .	Sing
They find Tigger sitting in a large tree with patches of snow on the trunk that resemble stripes .	Sing
Roo receives the heart-shaped locket , and Christopher Robin takes a picture of Roo , Tigger , and the rest of their family to go in it .	Sing
The village of Hampstead has more millionaires within its boundaries than any other area of the United Kingdom .	Plur
It possesses some fine mausoleums and family vaults .	Plur
Middlesex as a whole has a dearth of early Saxon archaeology .	Sing
Hanworth adjoins Feltham to the northwest , Twickenham to the northeast and Hampton to the southeast , with Sunbury-on-Thames to the southwest .	Sing
In 1784 General Sir William Roy , the military draughtsman , supervised the Principal Triangulation of Great Britain project .	Sing
By 1446 , the Newdigate family owned Harefield - they still owned some land in the 1920s .	Sing
During these final matches , the player can select Yoshi or any of his friends to play out the stage .	Sing
The following bus routes serve Harlington	Sing
Longford and Sipson have modern signposts and facilities as separate villages , remaining to a degree interdependent such as for schooling .	Plur
The village includes public parkland with footpaths and butts onto the River Colne and further land in its regional park to the west , within Colnbrook .	Sing
The prison complex was sarcastically nicknamed the " Hanoi Hilton " by the American POWs , in reference to the well-known Hilton Hotel chain .	Sing
He chose Hounslow Heath for his lines it was near-flat , near barracks and about 15 miles from the Royal Observatory .	Sing
Criminals from the Tower and Newgate passed up Holborn on their way to be hanged at Tyburn or St Giles .	Sing
Over fifty years later , Bofill still leads Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura , with over 1000 projects to date in over 50 countries .	Sing
He subsequently gave Hornchurch to endow New College , Oxford , which still owns all the local church lands and buildings .	Sing
The East Coast Main Line from to the east Midlands , northern England and Scotland crosses Hornsey .	Sing
The ford over the River Pinn on Swakeleys Drive , nicknamed " The Splash " , was replaced in 1957 by a road bridge .	Sing
The insular nature of the Island caused its separateness from the rest of London , and its unique nature .	Plur
Situated on the boat is the Sculpture " The Heron " by Martin Cotts .	Sing
According to the Domesday Book it was held by Teodric ( Theodoric ) the Goldsmith .	Sing
It contained : 1 hide and 3 virgates ; 3 ploughs , of meadow .	Sing
The street became London 's longest-running squat .	Sing
Three Lambeth wards include Kennington : Oval , Prince 's and Vassall , each electing three councillors .	Sing
Surrounding districts include Willesden to the north , Harlesden to the west , Queens Park to the east and Ladbroke Grove to the south .	Sing
In 2014 , luxury goods maker Mulberry named its handbag Kensal and launched an advertising campaign with Cara Delevingne .	Sing
Burger restaurant Benz Burgers in Kensal Green , which was set up by entrepreneur Ben Todar in 2016 , was awarded second best takeaway in Britain .	Sing
One of the farms later became a United Dairies creamery , supplied by milk trains from Mitre Bridge Junction .	Sing
Examples include the South African G5 and the German PzH 2000 .	Sing
When he died in 1526 he left his Kew estates to his third wife , Eleanor , with the remainder to his son George .	Sing
Three bus routes serve Kew : the 65 , 391 and R68 .	Sing
Pray tell me , sir , whose dog are you ?	Sing
The rituals that are performed enable the aborigine to return to the womb of all time which is another word for " Dream Time " .	Sing
It borders Walthamstow along Lea Bridge Road and areas of the London Borough of Hackney via the River Lea .	Sing
The parish of Leyton also included Leytonstone .	Sing
which involves " φ ' ( w ) " instead of " H ' ( w ) " .	Sing
( Humphrey 's brother Adrian Gilbert was reputed a great alchemist and worked closely with John Dee . )	Sing
The Limehouse Cut connects the Basin to the River Lea in the east .	Sing
This enables a shooter to keep eyes on sights and target uninterrupted by cycling the bolt .	Sing
The Lee – Enfield has a lug and guide rib , which lock on the rear end of the bolt into the receiver .	Sing
By the 18th century , it had attracted showmen , jugglers and fencers and numerous fairground attractions .	Plur
James Hamilton , 6th Duke of Hamilton married Elizabeth Gunning here in 1752 .	Sing
Robert Gunter took co-ownership of the shop in 1777 , and full ownership in 1799 .	Sing
British Gas had a large gasworks at Mill Hill East with two gasometers , now replaced with housing and shops including a Waitrose supermarket .	Plur
An author noted for another genre , James Edward Preston Muddock as Dick Donovan penned " The Naughty Maid of Mitcham " in 1910 .	Sing
Morden adjoins Merton Park and Wimbledon to the north , Mitcham to the east , Sutton to the south and Worcester Park to the west .	Sing
Morden has a Non-League football club Tooting & Mitcham United F.C .	Sing
In the 1840s Charles James Philips and James Wigan acquired Mortlake Brewery , which had existed since the 15th century .	Sing
Like the Mauser , the Mosin uses a blade ejector mounted in the receiver .	Sing
Finland also employed the Mosin – Nagant as a sniper rifle , with similar success with their own designs and captured Soviet rifles .	Sing
During 33 expeditions with the research vessel " E. W. Scripps " in the years 1938-1941 he produced a detailed oceanographic dataset off the coast of California .	Sing
In 1928 , he married Gudrun ( Vaumund ) Bronn ( 1893 – 1983 ) and adopted her daughter Anna Margrethe .	Sing
Numerous London Buses routes serve Northolt .	Sing
Northwood had a manorial grange in 1248 , which may have occupied the site of the later Northwood Grange .	Sing
The monks of the Bec Abbey who lived at Manor Farm in Ruislip in the 11th century owned this grange .	Sing
In 1862 Thomas Hardy left Dorchester for London to work with architect Arthur Blomfield ; during this period he lived in Westbourne Park Villas .	Sing
The district also contains the historic Manti Temple , where the annual Mormon Miracle Pageant is held .	Sing
In 1810 he published his " Natale Solum and other Poetical Pieces " by subscription .	Sing
Any single Rating class could have a positive or negative Outlook .	Sing
For Europe , Standard Ethics has created the following Indices :	Plur
RNU opposes the PSNI , which it sees as an extension of the old RUC and the first stage of protection of an illegal state .	Sing
Hence the number shrank to nine hundred and ninety nine and the " yogam " became known by its present name .	Sing
The prohibitive $ 2-billion cost put an indefinite damper on building the link .	Sing
In Rodemachern 31 May 1665 he married Margravine Marie Eleonore Sophie of Baden-Baden in Rodemachern ( 1641 – 19 April 1668 ) .	Sing
They founded the Kahua Hawaiian Institute , where they perform musically and teach Oceanic Tantra .	Sing
In 1974 Çürükkaya joined the PKK and in the following year , while a student at Tunceli Teachers School , travelled around southeast Turkey recruiting members .	Sing
People with a brain injury may have difficulty controlling , coordinating and communicating their thoughts and actions .	Sing
The roughly cross-shaped house also has a small Mansard superimposed on the projecting pavilion , and a porch in the northeast reentrant angle .	Sing
Later , on 22 April 1930 , he led another gunfight with a combined forces comprising the British army and the British police .	Sing
Olmo also used Alicante Ganzin to cross with the Jura wine grape Trousseau gris to produce Royalty .	Sing
Antagony finally released the long-awaited " Rebirth " in 2005 , combining material they had written since 2001 .	Sing
Laevaricella perlucens is a species of tropical , air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oleacinidae .	Sing
Some later versions have Booty as a baker , or a receiver .	Sing
So , " Chandi Charitar Ukti Bilas " means " Discussion on characteristics and functions of Chandi " .	Sing
He discovered the diving reflex and published :	Sing
Materials were then raised the final by a horse powered whim .	Sing
Windows have a fixed upper pane with sliding sash below and louvers .	Sing
Ivan Lendl defeated Joakim Nyström 6 – 2 , 6 – 2 , 6 – 4	Sing
Val-d 'Isère had its first alpine skiing World Cup events run in December 1968 .	Sing
If selected , La Plagne would have hosted the bobsleigh , luge , and skeleton events .	Sing
The Safdies are currently directing " Uncut Gems " , inspired by their father 's time working in the Manhattan Diamond District .	Plur
Most recently , Rhodes defeated Sewanee 28 – 10 to retain the trophy for a record sixth consecutive year .	Sing
Planaria worms metabolize DHA to Mar1 during the healing phase of experimentally induced tissue injury .	Sing
The canal links Bruges with the Western Scheldt at Sluis , Netherlands .	Plur
Duald Mac Firbis reported pedigrees and traditions as he found them and so it is not his own speculation .	Plur
In 1993 Stephens helped the MP Clive Soley to draft a parliamentary bill on press regulation .	Sing
A Lewis acid-stabilized adduct of an oxoborane is ( NacNacB = OAlCl .	Sing
Neblett played fullback and linebacker at Rahway High School .	Sing
In October 2015 , Lamar announced the Kunta 's Groove Sessions Tour , which included eight shows in eight cities .	Sing
In a November 2013 interview with " GQ " , when asked " The Four MC 's That Made Kendrick Lamar ?	Sing
Billboard described his lyricism as " Shakespearean " .	Sing
" Complex " magazine has ranked Lamar atop " The 20 Best Rappers in Their 20s " annual lists in 2013 , 2015 and 2016 .	Plur
The north side of the house has an attached porte-cochere that is supported by Doric columns and decorated with two small gables .	Sing
Inthanon made Jayasinghe vulnerable to attack and defeated the Sri Lankan player 21-13 in the first game .	Sing
In the 1940s , steam engines carrying heavy loads over the bridge caused the catwalk on the west side of the bridge to shake .	Sing
Rahl , born around 1948 in Washingtonville , was a construction worker and auto mechanic .	Sing
Between 1989 and 1991 , Rahl installed planking and guard rails on the southern half of the bridge , which was then opened to the public .	Sing
He allowed bungee jumping off the bridge until a January 1992 court order held that it violated zoning laws .	Sing
On February 17 , 2011 , a Bergmann Associates employee used the trestle as a case study in a seminar on adaptive reuse of defunct railroad bridges .	Sing
Rumaliza 's troops surrounded Albertville on the 5th of April and besieged the outpost for 9 months .	Sing
Biotronik GmbH & Co . , Ingenieurburo , Berlin , adapted its chemical battery-powered pacemakers to accept the promethium-fueled betacel battery .	Plur
These ballets included " The Dryad " , " La Camargo " and " La danse " .	Sing
He represents Sami who are living in southern Norway at the Sami Parliament , where he was vice president from 2005 to 26 September 2007 .	Sing
It uses WiFi and USB to access the content that is available for the device .	Sing
On 12 March 1870 , his father challenged Antoine , Duke of Montpensier to a duel .	Sing
Other places evangelized by Reublin include Schaffhausen , Strasbourg , Reutlingen and Esslingen .	Sing
He followed Bullitt when he became Ambassador to France in 1936 .	Sing
Later on their European tour , the pair bought a dachshund puppy they named Offie .	Sing
Offie next followed Bullitt to the Navy Department .	Sing
They renamed the company Central Avian & Small Animal and continued to market products under the Kaytee brand .	Sing
In 2007 , he was awarded the Premi Climent Mur for his work in associative activities , which include participating in congresses , seminars and giving lectures .	Sing
He batted a minuscule .183 , and his fielding percentage as an outfielder was .778 ( 8 errors in 36 chances ) .	Sing
It sported a grate , a boiler pressure of , a maximum axle load of and diameter coupled wheels .	Sing
Loubser also modified the leading bogie to have swing links with three-point suspension which eliminated the side control springs that were used on earlier versions .	Sing
3052 , Sandstone , kept at Reefsteamers , Germiston	Sing
In 1902 he married Agnes Thomson .	Sing
While there , Grabbe published his " Primo libro " of madrigals as his graduation thesis .	Sing
Modern-day oral history in Mali has transformed from the history based griots to a more contemporary musical and negotiator based griots .	Plur
Emperors and great warriors often had griots and with such griots , oral history in Mali spreads .	Plur
Griots did not merely work for the nobility , griots in the Mali Empire also worked for villages .	Plur
For example , nobles almost never blame individual griots for the general character of the group " .	Plur
Keita praises the griots and claims that griots " have contributed positively to toward the building of a modern nation-state " .	Plur
Baba Sissoko is also considered a Malian griot because he was born into a family of griots .	Sing
Aten is facing betrayal from his brother , Anubis and mother Bastet .	Sing
Sophie reaches Alcatraz by leygate through her jade tablet and refuses to leave Josh .	Sing
He represented the CDU in the Landtag of Württemberg-Baden from its formation in 1946 until his death in 1948 .	Sing
He married Fannie Tilley in 1890 , was widowed in 1936 , and then married Mary Martin in 1939 .	Sing
In 1960 , he founded the Escuela de Pintura in conjunction with the Secretariat of Public Education in Poza Rica .	Sing
Just a year or two ago one person from Syed Clan passed Graduation at Law ( L.L.B. )	Sing
The trunk of the cycad contains a starchy pith from which sago can be prepared by drying , grinding and washing .	Sing
The seeds contain a toxic glucoside , pakoein , but can be treated to become edible by pounding , repeated washing , and cooking .	Sing
This defeat ended a four-match winning run for Zimbabwe , though it was their third successive away defeat by Kenya .	Sing
In those decades of the 62 years of existence the team has won the Primera División Venezolana five times and the Copa de Venezuela three times .	Sing
Thus , in August 1996 , they founded the Football Club Deportivo Chacao .	Sing
In 2015 Nessman starred alongside British supermodel and actress Cara Delevingne as the face of John Hardy ( jewelry ) for the Spring / Summer 2015 campaign .	Sing
Davis ’ team “ clobbered the Viet Cong , ” according to Maj. Billy Cole , who submitted the original nomination packet in July 1965 .	Sing
Moriarty founded Moriarty & Associates in 1986 .	Sing
Illegal conduct like this endangers a child 's well-being , distorts the judgments of health care professionals , and puts corporate profits ahead of patient safety . "	Sing
For this reason , his adoptive mother , Stacey Gagnon , informed Big Smiles that they did not have permission to perform dental procedures on her son .	Plur
According to his mother , when she asked him what was wrong he could only reply , " Mommy , the dentist man got me . "	Sing
In about 1968 , the school district sold Inverness to Central Delta Academy .	Sing
He married Bianca in 2014 .	Sing
Hajji Bahadar performed Hajj in 1645 AD for the first time , and for the second with his murshad ( spiritual teacher ) , Syed Adam Banoor .	Sing
He married Moira Heaney in 1939 , with whom he had one son and two daughters : she died in 1997 .	Sing
Mechelen have signed the left-back from OSC Lille until June 2011. and in September 2011 signed for SC Feignies .	Sing
Jack Sullivan in " The Penguin Encyclopedia of Horror and the Supernatural " described Gilchrist as " a neglected master of horror who deserves revival " .	Sing
Notable alumni include Daan Roosegaarde , Miguel Robles-Durán , Vasa J. Perovi , Reinier de Graaf , Ana Dzokic and Bas Princen .	Sing
Since 2017 , it owns also the Giornale di Sicilia .	Sing
She married King Harald in 970 .	Sing
She raised the Sønder Vissing Runestone in memory of her mother .	Sing
At age 29 , she married Théophile Leclerc , the leader of the " Enragés . "	Sing
In a close game , Wales lost 3-7 , but the selectors kept faith with Bennett and he was reselected for the next game away to Scotland .	Sing
After a nine-month siege , the Dutch Governor of Taiwan , Frederik Coyett , surrendered Fort Zeelandia to Koxinga on 1 February 1662 .	Sing
The rebels , led by Zhu Yigui , captured Tainan without a fight .	Sing
A flood in 1823 brought rich silt from nearby rivers , which formed a widespread new fertile plain across the Taijiang bay area between Tainan and Anping .	Sing
As a result , the Qing sent the imperial commissioner Shen Baozhen to Taiwan to strengthen its defense .	Sing
Tainan Prefecture included modern-day Yunlin , Chiayi , and the wider region of Tainan .	Sing
Dazzling explosives whiz and whirl across the sky and often into the crowd itself , both thrilling and intimidating the spectators .	Sing
Notable companies include Uni-President , Chi Mei and Tainan Spinning , which have headquarters in the city .	Sing
describes a secret major control bunker , later buried beneath the lawns of Magee College , Derry , Northern Ireland .	Sing
In February 2009 she was appointed a prebendary of Wells Cathedral .	Sing
In the morgue , Tig told Clay that he has had sex with corpses .	Sing
While waiting for Oswald to return with the information , Tig told Clay why he couldn 't kill Opie at the Mayan meeting .	Sing
Jax told Chibs and Happy to leave and threatened the witness into leaving the state .	Plur
He then beat up Tig for killing Donna .	Sing
The very end of the episode , the audience is specifically shown Tig watching Gemma intently .	Sing
He adores Gemma and appears to perceive that there is something very wrong with her .	Sing
To start season three , Tig has accompanied Gemma while she is on the run from the law .	Sing
He eventually confronts Clay with the fact that he has been shutting out the club and making decisions without their approval .	Sing
At the end of the finale , when Jax steps in as president of the club , Jax appoints Chibs as Sergeant-at-Arms .	Plur
Jax later tells Tig he talked to Pope and he is coming out with them .	Sing
In the season finale , Jax takes Tig to a garage in the middle of nowhere to allow Pope to murder him per their deal .	Sing
After Pope takes Tig inside to avoid any noise , Jax pulls out a silenced pistol and shoots Pope 's men before cornering Pope in the garage .	Sing
He later aids Jax and SAMCRO in freeing and killing Clay as well as Galen .	Sing
Circa 1887 `Abdu 'l-Bahá met the Egyptian reformer Muhammad Abduh while both were in Lebanon wherein Abduh had a clearly positive impression of him .	Sing
Louis Gregory visited `Abdu 'l-Bahá at Ramleh in 1911 .	Sing
The militants vacated Matta , Khwazakhela and Madyan police stations and fled to nearby forests .	Sing
The first Prime Minister of Pakistan Liaqat Ali Khan also visited Swat to attend the coronation ceremony of the Wali .	Sing
The Salon found Courbet triumphant with " The Stone Breakers " , the " Peasants of Flagey " , and " A Burial at Ornans " .	Sing
The critics accused Courbet of a deliberate pursuit of ugliness .	Sing
Several models include WiFi , routing and voice over IP capabilities .	Plur
At the end of 2015-16 season , Dodo left Gabala .	Sing
His first wife , Fukayha bint Ubayd ibn Dulaym , was his agnatic cousin .	Sing
From March 624 until May 627 Sa 'd hosted al-Miqdad ibn Amr and Khabbab ibn al-Aratt in his home .	Sing
Although he had not , Muhammad wept , and his friends wept with him .	Sing
Because of his jealousy God has prohibited abomination , both open and secret .	Sing
Hassan 's friends captured Safwan , tied him up and kept him in prison .	Sing
He then compensated Hassan for the sword-cut by giving him a valuable palm-tree garden .	Sing
They reported back to Muhammad with the enigmatic message : " Adal and al-Qara ! "	Sing
At Hudaybiya , a friend from Mecca gave Sa 'd a sheep , which he slaughtered and shared with all the Muslims .	Sing
At the Conquest of Mecca , Muhammad placed Sa 'd in command of one branch of the army .	Sing
Soon after Umar became Caliph , he met Sa 'd on the road to Medina .	Sing
He married Jacqueline Wilkinson in 1939 and they had three sons and one daughter .	Sing
This bluff at Preston marked the ford of an old Indian trail on the Red River .	Sing
In 1960 Stephan Kuffner established the Moriz und Elsa von Kuffner foundation in Switzerland .	Sing
Dissenters included Thurgood Marshall and Harry Blackmun , as well as William J. Brennan , Jr. and John Paul Stevens , who authored dissenting opinions .	Sing
According to Sciabarra , Rand would join Lossky in rejecting all of these dichotomies , but did not accept his appeal to religious faith .	Sing
This album carries on in the same style as its predecessor , " Reveal " .	Sing
As the system became increasingly organized , the disturbance 's outflow suppressed the ITCZ .	Sing
For data acquisition , students can use a research-grade SBIG STL-1001E CCD imaging system , a high-resolution SBIG spectrograph , and a photoelectric photometer .	Sing
After recording their first album , Brown left Tortoise , but maintained a close relationship with all of its members , including creating remixes for the band .	Sing
1997 , Bundy K. Brown formed Pullman with Doug McCombs , Chris Brokaw , and Curtis Harvey , with whom he released two albums .	Sing
Having joined Crossrail in April 2009 however , in January 2011 Holden announced his departure from his post as Chief Executive of Crossrail .	Sing
He tells Wolfe he works the wipe racket — cleaning the windshields of cars stopped at intersections , for the occasional tip .	Sing
Since the case is too big for him to handle alone , Pete asks Nero Wolfe to go 50-50 .	Sing
Wolfe accepts the retainer and warns Mrs. Fromm sternly about the danger of asking any questions herself , since two people have already been killed .	Sing
67 municipalities make up the comarca , which is located in a mountainous area of the Iberian System .	Sing
Walk the Wight is the largest walk of the festival , and used to be the last to occur .	Sing
Following the German attack on Russia , Yugoslav leader Josip Broz Tito under Comintern directives sent two Yugoslav delegates Miladin Popović and Dušan Mugoša to Albania .	Sing
On 29 November 1944 partisan forces liberated Shkodra and this is the official date of liberation of the country .	Sing
These include " Scots Wha Hae " ( 1793 ) , " Fill Up Your Bumpers High " ( 1718 ) and " Bridekirk 's Hunting " .	Sing
The eldest son , Buvanekabahu VII received Kotte with the sea board and ruled with the title of emperor .	Sing
It was also carrying gunpowder , provisions , and weapons .	Sing
They abandoned Kotte and moved to Colombo ( which was guarded by a powerful fort and the Portuguese navy ) with their puppet King Dharmapala .	Sing
Manohara met Tengku Fakhry in December 2006 at a dinner held by the Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia .	Sing
They should also have enough fluency to get through the material in a timely manner .	Sing
The following year , Jeffrey married her sister Prudence , who could not have been more than 17 herself at that time .	Sing
King Marjit Singh ruled Hailakandi from Jhapirbond .	Sing
HMS " Rattlesnake " was a unique design of torpedo gunboat of the Royal Navy .	Sing
The book discussed African federalism in depth , and was largely informed by Franck 's own experiences as a constitutional consultant for Zanzibar .	Sing
Supplementally , the text contains only a short Bibliography and Index .	Sing
Use the Municipalities of Denmark template at the bottom of this page to access the pages of the municipalities .	Plur
Organ-specific anatomic considerations also influence metastasis ; these include blood-flow patterns from the primary tumor and the homing ability of cancer cells to certain tissues .	Sing
Therefore , tenascin C over-expression can significantly alter collagen in the ECM and influence tumor cell migration in cartilaginous tissues .	Sing
Endoglin is a cell-surface disulfide-linked homodimeric glycoprotein which binds to integrins and other RGD ligands and is a co-receptor for TGF-beta .	Sing
A poll conducted by ESPN found CelebriDucks the # 1 fan favorite stadium giveaway , beating out bobbleheads and beanie babies .	Sing
Ellen Eddy succeeded Schulze as director of the Institute , and eventually moved the course to the School for International Training in Brattleboro , Vermont .	Sing
Areas of increased co-operation include counter-terrorism , border control and regional and international institutions .	Sing
'Dead Clean ' won the Gold Remi for comedy ( experimental ) at the WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival in the US in 2001 .	Sing
At this time the squadron flew the Westland Lysander as no modern fighter aircraft were available .	Sing
The Link Crew program connects upperclassmen with freshmen students .	Plur
There they form ovoid schizonts within a membranous capsule .	Plur
Within the sporocyst sporogony generates 20 to 30 sporozoites .	Plur
These invade the developing nymph and enter the endodermal cells of the gut .	Sing
On feeding some of the sporozoites enter the gut .	Sing
He graduated Summa Cum Laude in 2001 , and he is a member of the Phi Beta Kappa Society .	Sing
He has lived in Park Slope , Brooklyn since 2005 .	Sing
The squadron operated the de Havilland Mosquito on anti-shipping sorties and other operations along the Norwegian coast .	Sing
Called the Bergen-Belsen displaced persons camp .	Sing
Lyrically , " Thank Me Later " has moody , introspective subject matter , and mainly centers around Drake 's introduction to fame and his romances .	Sing
Josuha Errett of " Now " felt Drake " complains about fame way too much " while calling him " humorless " .	Plur
But if one substitutes for in , one obtains the polynomial , which satisfies Eisenstein 's criterion for the prime number .	Sing
Now reduce modulo to obtain a decomposition in .	Sing
Yeltsin appointed Colonel-General Mikhail Ivanovich Barsukov as the new director of the FSB .	Sing
Militant leader Doku Umarov — dubbed " Russia 's Osama Bin Laden " — took responsibility for the attacks .	Sing
In 2018 , ULB was globally ranked 175th by The Times Higher Education , 151th by Shanghai Ranking ( AWRU ) .	Sing
Men 's Track and Field has won the CAA back to back years in 2015 and 2016 .	Sing
The Northeastern men 's hockey team won the 2018 Beanpot beating out Boston University , Boston College , and Harvard .	Sing
The U.S. Olympic women 's ice hockey teams have included Northeastern alumni Shelley Looney and Chanda Gunn .	Sing
Additionally , the Princeton Review rated Northeastern as one of the top 15 " Green Colleges " in the nation in 2010 .	Sing
Ruggles also serves the Needham , Providence / Stoughton , and Franklin Lines of the MBTA Commuter Rail system .	Sing
In January 1950 , Acheson replaced Kennan with Nitze , who was much more comfortable with the calculus of military power .	Sing
Acheson overruled Kennan and Bohlen , endorsing the assumption of Soviet menace implied by NSC68 .	Sing
In December 1951 , President Truman nominated Kennan to be the next United States ambassador to the USSR .	Sing
The Soviets then declared Kennan " persona non grata " and refused to allow him to re-enter the USSR .	Sing
" Foreign Policy " described Kennan as " the most influential diplomat of the 20th century " .	Sing
This small owl eats mainly voles and other mammals but also birds as well as insects and other invertebrates .	Plur
In one study , participants had their thirst intensified by consuming a large portion of their daily sodium intake or quenched by drinking to satiety .	Sing
This included apothecaries as well as physicians .	Plur
The John Lewis Partnership runs Brownsea Castle as a holiday venue for employees .	Sing
If this had gone through , each Partner would have received a windfall averaging £ 100,000 .	Sing
In 1944 , the partnership purchased the South Essex grocery business Schofield and Martin , which had 12 shops in its chain .	Sing
This allowed Waitrose to offer an online service to customers in London , something which had previously been restricted due to Waitrose 's commercial agreement with Ocado .	Sing
In 2016 Waitrose introduced Waitrose 1 , a premium market food brand .	Sing
Waitrose opened a second DFC purposely built in early 2015 in Coulsdon , South London to service London and the South East .	Sing
The Necrons received their first , full sourcebook with the release of " Codex : Necrons " in August 2002 .	Sing
The 2010 Strategic Defence and Security Review sounded a death knell for these venerable warships and they have all been decommissioned and in most cases scrapped .	Sing
The LATL also bought new PCCs which was one of the last major purchases of new streetcars .	Plur
These practitioners may use the term " millionaire " to mean somebody who is free to invest a million units of currency through them as broker .	Sing
According to the report , the US has 17.3 million millionaires , highest in the world .	Plur
He cannot borrow , revenues are falling , and he seems more interested in get-rich-quick schemes to bring in easy money .	Sing
Calvin and Ricky see the ATM , and get a $ 50,000 reward for returning it to police .	Sing
The MAC holds a secondary tie-in for the Quick Lane Bowl .	Sing
St John Ambulance has a history spanning over 125 years and covering over 40 countries worldwide .	Sing
That year also saw the new university celebrate its centenary and adopt the marketing slogan , " the University without Ivory Towers " .	Sing
Imagine a tessellation of the plane with equilateral triangles of equal size , with the sides corresponding to the smallest translations .	Sing
Equivalently , imagine a tessellation of the plane with regular hexagons , with sides equal to the smallest translation distance divided by √ 3 .	Sing
The ventral striatum includes the nucleus accumbens and the olfactory tubercle .	Plur
When they are activated by these inputs , the medium spiny neurons ' projections release GABA onto the ventral pallidum .	Sing
The mesolimbic pathway regulates incentive salience , motivation , reinforcement learning , and fear , among other cognitive processes .	Sing
Options included a turbocharged 301 or the Chevrolet 305 small block .	Sing
Throughout its fourth generation , trim levels included V6-powered Firebird , and V8-powered Formula and Trans Am .	Sing
In 1997 , in relation to the Camaro , the Firebird received a mid-cycle refresh for 1998 model year .	Sing
T-top Formula coupes and convertibles could also be optioned as Firehawks beginning in 1995 .	Plur
Trans Am GTs did not receive any special badging , graphics , or emblems , and looked externally identical to the base Trans Am cars .	Sing
Other standouts on the memorable squad included Al MacInnis , Mike Eagles , Larry Carroll and goalie Wendell Young .	Plur
In their third game , the Rangers shut out the Castors 4 – 0 , atoning for the previous lopsided loss in game one .	Plur
The Rangers played the Generals in the tournament final with 17,383 fans in attendance .	Plur
Holy Week in Jerez , as in other cities in Andalusia , commemorates the Passion of Jesus Christ .	Sing
This makes Jerez the most populous city in the province , fifth in Andalusia , and 25th in Spain .	Sing
The South Devon Tennis Centre has four indoor and four outdoor courts .	Sing
In March 2012 , he left RBS to take on a role as managing director at SEL UK .	Sing
In 2003 , Phillips met Autumn Kelly , a Canadian management consultant , at the Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal .	Sing
After leaving Congress , he joined the Levin Papantonio Law Firm as an environmental lawyer , headed by the controversial and prominent trial lawyer Fred Levin .	Sing
She married Arthur Meighen in 1904 , and they had two sons and one daughter :	Sing
He recommended Cartan to participate in a contest for a scholarship in a lycée .	Sing
He learned Biblical Hebrew and Koine Greek , and studied under Meredith Kline .	Sing
The Law School Admission Council ( LSAC ) administers the LSAT for prospective law school candidates .	Sing
The LSAC previously administered the LSAT four times per year : June , September / October , December and February .	Sing
Between the quality of the handwriting and of the digital image , some admissions officers regard the readability and usefulness of the writing sample to be marginal .	Sing
A 178 or better usually places the examinee in the 99.9th percentile .	Sing
He also met a teenage Leonid Krasin during this journey .	Sing
Kennan befriended other émigrés as well , such as Peter Kropotkin and Sergei Kravchinskii .	Plur
In March 2011 , following poor form he left Rotherham by mutual consent , and Andy Scott replaced him until he was sacked in March 2012 .	Sing
After that , the Winkies asked the Tin Woodman to be their new monarch ruler which he gladly accepted .	Sing
Top sellers included " Sonic the Hedgehog " , its sequel " Sonic the Hedgehog 2 " , and " Disney 's Aladdin " .	Sing
One suggested timeframe for completely transcribing digital holdings was every ten to twenty years , making the process an ongoing and time-consuming one .	Sing
Works of science-fiction often include the term digitize as the act of transforming people into digital signals and sending them into digital technology .	Sing
In Britain , the term , ' High Street ' , has both a generic and a specific meaning .	Sing
Following that off-season , the Blue Jays would trade Kielty for Ted Lilly .	Sing
In January 1759 , he joined the 70-gun as a cadet under his uncle Captain The Hon .	Sing
In the meanwhile ( 28 October 1836 ) Helps had married Bessy Fuller , daughter of Captain Edward Fuller and Elizabeth Blennerhassett .	Sing
In 1993 , Voronin became the co-president of the Organizational Committee for the creation of the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova ( PCRM ) .	Sing
Mihai Ghimpu succeeded Voronin as acting president until a proper President could be elected .	Sing
Once granted , a coat of arms becomes the hereditary and inheritable property of the grantee and his descendants .	Sing
This move brought TCU home to the source of its institutional roots and completed its 40-year transition from a frontier college to an urban university .	Sing
Vic nearly convinces Myra to come with him and escape the chaos of the city .	Sing
It had a garret that was called the Herb Garret in 1821 .	Sing
The church also houses the oldest surviving operating theatre in England .	Sing
Pennsylvania Hospital in Philadelphia also boasts its own surviving operating theater , built in 1804 .	Sing
Burrus acquiesced to Nero 's murder of Agrippina the Younger but lost his influence over Nero anyway .	Sing
In 1926 , for instance , it acquired Mechanics and Metals National Bank .	Plur
For Chase Manhattan Bank 's new logo , Chermayeff & Geismar designed a stylized octagon in 1961 , which remains part of the bank 's logo today .	Sing
In 2004 , the bank acquired Bank One , making Chase the largest credit card issuer in the United States .	Sing
Some of these other businesses include medical marijuana dispensaries and any that are " gun related " .	Plur
After the death of Helen Carte in 1913 , Rupert D 'Oyly Carte became the controlling stockholder of the hotel group .	Sing
Winston Churchill liked Ionides 's Kaspar so much that he insisted that the sculpture join his parties of any size when dining at the Savoy .	Sing
In 1893 , he invented the " pêche Melba " in honour of the Australian singer Nellie Melba , and in 1897 , Melba toast .	Sing
The Savoy has a Sunday brunch , which includes free-flow champagne , and special events , such as New Year 's Eve dinner .	Sing
These individuals typically do not have fast conduction down the accessory pathway during episodes of atrial fibrillation .	Sing
A few of them drank intoxicating liquors .	Plur
They had a specie of moral discipline which developed moral courage .	Sing
He pursued Hardin across Alabama and into Florida , and caught up with him in Pensacola .	Sing
Adults perform a complete moult after the breeding season , whereas juveniles only have a partial moult , in which they replace a variable number of rectrices .	Sing
After Edward Gierek replaced Władysław Gomułka as first secretary of the Polish United Workers ' Party , his clique maintained power by dividing the Politburo .	Sing
Include the troop ship SS Dorsetshire which was converted to a migrant ship after WWII .	Sing
The Kyōbashi , or Capital Bridge , linked the Ginza and the Kyōbashi neighborhood .	Sing
The FBI assisted Pauley and Ronald Reagan in painting Kerr as a dangerous " liberal . "	Sing
Burnett assisted Quanah in buying the granite headstones used to mark the graves of his mother and sister .	Sing
They had used peyote in spiritual practices since ancient times .	Sing
Convair touted the B-36 as the " aluminum overcast " , a so-called " long rifle " giving SAC truly global reach .	Sing
The rear compartment featured six bunks and a dining galley , and led to the tail turret .	Plur
This compartment included a small darkroom where a photo technician could develop the film .	Sing
In the southwest lies the West Sudanian Savanna , a wetter , tropical savanna region bordering the tropical forests of West Africa .	Sing
He built a hang glider called " The Bat " which he flew for the first time in 1895 ;	Sing
He regularly flew his Hawk glider from this location .	Sing
Back then , it covered a large chunk of central part of the country , including such cities as Radom , Częstochowa and Sosnowiec .	Sing
On October 15 , the Braves released Whitt .	Sing
On July 5 , the Orioles released Whitt .	Sing
In the meantime , Turks seek " hajduk " Pera Tunguz , who on July 5 , had attacked a caravan on Bišini mountain .	Sing
The Turks regained Trebinje by August 30 .	Sing
Prince Nikola sent Petar Vukotić , while a large number of Montenegrin volunteers arrived at the command of Peko Pavlović .	Sing
Dragoljub " Draža " Mihailović ( ; 27 April 1893 – 17 July 1946 ) was a Yugoslav Serb general during World War II .	Sing
Some of Mihailović 's men crossed into Bosnia to fight the Ustaše while most abandoned the struggle .	Sing
Pavlowitch , on the other hand , mentions the sabotages as being conducted simultaneously with the propaganda actions .	Plur
On 14 May , the Germans entered Kolašin and captured Đurišić , while Mihailović escaped .	Sing
At the third Moscow Conference in October 1943 , Anthony Eden expressed impatience about Mihailović 's lack of action .	Sing
In July , Ivan Šubašić formed the new Yugoslav government-in-exile , which did not include Mihailović as minister .	Sing
Mihailović , however , remained the official chief-of-staff of the Yugoslav Army .	Sing
Many men left Mihailović after the broadcast ; others remained out of loyalty to him .	Sing
He elaborated that Mihailović " is a war criminal and Chetnikism is a quisling criminal movement " .	Sing
The High Court rehabilitated Draža Mihailović on 14 May 2015 .	Sing
This maximizes parallelism , but also allows use of the extensive cryptanalysis work performed on DES .	Sing
The XSL attack , if effective , would weaken Serpent ( though not as much as it would weaken Rijndael , which became AES ) .	Sing
Famous Italian opera singers include Enrico Caruso and Alessandro Bonci .	Sing
Actresses such as Sophia Loren , Giulietta Masina and Gina Lollobrigida achieved international stardom during this period .	Sing
They also have a reinforced trachea to prevent collapse at great depth pressures .	Sing
For a given amount of confusion and diffusion , an SP network has more " inherent parallelism "	Sing
The degree of comfort , effectiveness , and mutual experience of closeness might indicate emotional intimacy between individuals .	Sing
Being honest , expressing appreciation , and routinely communicating also keeps stable emotional intimacy .	Sing
Emotional intimacy can also enhance the physical and physiologic well-being .	Sing
I saw Redd Foxx once before he died , circa 1983 , and I never saw him again .	Sing
People say I ’ m protective of Redd Foxx in my book ( " Second Banana " , Wilson ’ s memoir of the Sanford years ) .	Sing
" , causing Kimmel to describe himself as " the three-headed dog the stars must pass on their way to No-Dancing Hell . "	Sing
Cruz defeated Kimmel 11-9 , and over $ 80,000 was raised from the game and donated to the charities .	Sing
Kimmel married Gina Maddy in 1988 ; the couple divorced in 2002 .	Sing
While passing through Madrid , he met Rafael Cansino Assens , with whom he had exchanged letters since 1914 .	Plur
Collaborator in this edition included Tristan Tzara , René Crevel , Juan Larrea and Erik Satie .	Sing
The Arthur Wait stand became all seater in 1990 , and in 1994 the Holmesdale Terrace was redeveloped , replaced with a two tier Stand .	Sing
The bridge has a footpath on both sides of the bridge .	Sing
Later starring roles in films have included " Landfall " ( 2001 ) and " Little Red Light " ( 2003 ) .	Sing
The hypothetical heavy right-handed neutrino , called a " sterile neutrino " , has been left off the list .	Sing
But gravitational force itself is a certainty , and expressing that known force in the framework of a quantum field theory requires a boson to mediate it .	Sing
Ordinary baryons ( composite fermions ) contain three valence quarks or three valence antiquarks each .	Plur
Examples of mesons include the pion , kaon , and the J / ψ .	Sing
Thus , Messick voiced Droopy in several shorts .	Sing
Variations of the name Nakhchivan include Nakhichevan , Naxcivan , Naxçivan , Nachidsheuan , Nakhijevan , Nakhchawan , Nakhitchevan , Nakhjavan , and Nakhdjevan .	Sing
So , on February 9 , 1924 , the Soviet Union officially established the Nakhchivan ASSR .	Sing
On May 4 , 1992 , Armenian forces shelled the raion of Sadarak .	Sing
Other industries include cotton ginning / cleaning , silk spinning , fruit canning , meat packing , and , in the drier regions , sheep farming .	Sing
According to the International Council on Monuments and Sites ( Icomos ) , the Azerbaijan government removed 800 khachkars in 1998 .	Plur
As well as Nakhchivan , the delegation would visit Baku , Yerevan , Tbilisi , and Nagorno Karabakh .	Sing
In 1890 , the railway line between Ukk and Csáktornya ( Croatian : Čakovec ) connected Zalaegerszeg to the railway system of the country .	Sing
In 2006 , the Pac-10 replaced C-USA as the WAC 's opposition .	Sing
The Lombards called the town Carbonara or Carunar , supposedly because a major local occupation was charcoal making .	Sing
In the twentieth century , the growing popularity of Trappist beers led some brewers with no connection to the order to label their beers " Trappist " .	Plur
Each of his home islands contains a different racetrack , allowing him to keep his racing skills at their peak while remaining relatively safe .	Sing
The character drives the Blue Falcon in his races , and uses a sidearm and a midsize spacecraft called the Falcon Flyer for bounty missions .	Sing
Genscher chose Weimar for the inaugural meeting because it was situated in former East Germany .	Sing
The Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center concludes that bitter melon " cannot be recommended as a replacement therapy for insulin or hypoglycemic drugs " .	Sing
Harrison had first experienced kirtan , or communal chanting , while in the Indian city of Vrindavan with Ravi Shankar , in 1966 .	Sing
From his first visit to the devotees ' warehouse , Harrison regularly played harmonium during kirtan with Shyamsundar and others .	Sing
Harrison played harmonium during the initial taping , which required three takes to perfect .	Sing
He met Prabhupada in September 1969 , at Lennon 's Tittenhurst Park estate , as the new premises was being renovated .	Sing
The tracks " Sri Guruvastakam " and " Sri Isopanisad " also featured dobro , an instrument that Harrison came to use increasingly during the early 1970s .	Sing
These eternal sounds of love release the hearer from all contemporary barriers of time and space . "	Sing
In his appraisal of Harrison 's solo career for " Blender " magazine in 2004 , Paul Du Noyer included the " Chant and Be Happy ! "	Sing
Along with Ken Scott , Mukunda provided reminisces of the Radha Krishna Temple recordings in Martin Scorsese 's 2011 documentary " " .	Plur
On 26 April , she was named the 2014 – 15 PFA Young Women 's Player of the Year .	Sing
Xiao Lin told Ah Jie that she had seen the Death Girl .	Sing
Before she left , she told Shen Qi that he can see her without the help of the rock because he has something in his brain .	Sing
Before leaving the school at the end , Li You told Ah Guo that they will meet in the university and to always keep in touch .	Sing
It stars Majid Michel , Omoni Oboli , Ayo Makun , Sylvia Oluchy and Seun Akindele .	Sing
A native of Las Vegas , Nevada , the Cardinals selected Pham in the 16th round of the 2006 amateur draft .	Sing
After promotion to AAA Memphis Redbirds of the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) in 2013 , he tore his other labrum .	Sing
The Cardinals selected Pham for the Opening Day roster in 2016 .	Sing
However , he injured his oblique in his first at bat on Opening Day , in the first inning versus the Pittsburgh Pirates .	Sing
Pham 's at-times dominant performance frequently conjured the portmanteau " Pham-tastic , " from others as well as himself .	Sing
She also headlined the Super Diva ’ s Nite at the 2013 Calabar Festival , and opened for the 2013 Headies Awards .	Sing
" Pull the Plug ( London Elektricity album )	Sing
Pull the Plug is the debut album by drum and bass act London Elektricity , released in June 1999 through Hospital Records .	Sing
He had one daughter Beatrix Leyla Marjorie Wentworth who died on 8 January 1919 , leaving issue .	Sing
The State of Colorado operates the Pitkin Hatchery along Quartz Creek near Pitkin .	Sing
By this time the railroad had reached Tillamook and most of the merchants of the city were using rail transport .	Sing
Sandu led the General Inspectorate of Police , pursuing corruption and fraud investigations against some businessmen .	Sing
Its owner Jose María Solano allowed Esteban to use it .	Sing
When Mike finally returns , he gets the coded knock incorrect .	Sing
" Swimming at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics – Boys ' 4 × 100 metre medley relay	Sing
He painted the " Via Crucis " for the parish church of Avio , Trentino .	Sing
After nine years , Vidor left Habima .	Sing
Richefond later joined Isthmian League Premier Division side Leatherhead on a one-month loan in February .	Sing
After a spell with Ashford United , Richefond joined Leatherhead ahead of the 2018 – 19 campaign .	Sing
On 7 October 2009 , Toronto Public Health closed the Ruby Chinese Cuisine after a man supposedly died after eating food from the cuisine .	Sing
Juan visits Mariana , who is now a mature and sober , but still beautiful widow , taking care of her small son .	Sing
Juan tells Mariana no to worry ; he leaves taking the gun with him .	Sing
Wizkid started recording the album after the release of the compilation album , " Empire Mates State of Mind " ( 2012 ) .	Sing
The song features saxophonists Yemi Sax and was produced by Dokta Frabz .	Sing
The eyes display an unsteady misalignment .	Sing
( See also binasal occlusion which obscures the nasal part of the field of view for both eyes . )	Sing
Sherrie ( Julie Mond ) , the provocative girl-next-door , offers him an easy and willing distraction .	Sing
The University also hosted The University Educators for Sustainable Development ( UE4SD ) international conference .	Plur
The University of Gibraltar 's library houses the new Gibraltar Repository .	Sing
Some of the topics covered by the different speakers to date include : the Northern Defences ; Treaty of Utrecht ; and Painting the Great Siege .	Plur
Also media sources worldwide have described ISIL as a terrorist organization .	Sing
In 1997 , he joined Converge after the departure of bassist Jeff Feinburg .	Sing
The short-lived band released the " Elvis Unreleased " EP and a self-titled album through Hydra Head in 2007 .	Sing
In 2009 , the company created Bellissima Opera Outreach which has since presented age-appropriate classical vocal concerts for 19,600 schoolchildren ages K -12 in three states .	Sing
" Swimming at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics – Boys ' 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay	Sing
Some versions use grated dill pickle in their preparation .	Sing
Primary ingredients include broth , pickles and potato .	Sing
However , neither organization has proposed direct oversight of peer-to-peer lending at this time .	Sing
Scaleform also provides two optional add-ons for GFx :	Plur
The area houses the Sycamore Canyon Landfill .	Sing
He was also officially named the first-team nickelback .	Sing
She became a program evaluator for the Division of Special Education at the Guam Department of Education .	Sing
He was named First Team All-CAA as a kick returner and Third Team All-CAA as a wide receiver in 2012 .	Sing
Wilson finished the 2015 regular-season as the Chiefs ' third-leading receiver with 35 receptions for 451 yards and 2 touchdowns .	Sing
Wilson finished the 2016 regular-season with 31 receptions for 279 yards for two touchdowns and one rushing touchdown .	Sing
Past co-hosts have included Colin Jost , Lynne Koplitz , Leighann Lord , Eugene Mirman , Chuck Nice , John Oliver , and Kristen Schaal .	Sing
He earned honorable-mention All-Ohio honors in his senior year .	Sing
On April 24 , 2015 , he had a verbal altercation with teammate Greg Hardy , in regards to Hardy 's past domestic violence issues .	Sing
She became the eleventh housemate to be evicted on Day 58 after receiving the least number of votes to save her .	Sing
He then became the sixteenth housemate to be evicted after receiving the next lowest number of votes to save .	Sing
He became the second housemate to be evicted in a surprise eviction on Day 22 .	Sing
The housemates chose Gemma which saved Jake .	Sing
Jake became the fourth housemate to be evicted on Day 29 after receiving just 7 % of the vote to save one out of the 7 nominees .	Sing
Jason became the eighth housemate to be evicted on Day 45 after receiving 16.9 % of the vote .	Sing
They chose Dion and Jason .	Sing
He became the fifteenth housemate to be evicted on Day 71 after earning the least number of votes .	Sing
She became the seventeenth housemate to be evicted on Day 79 , placing 6th overall .	Sing
She became the ninth housemate to be evicted on Day 51 after receiving just 3 % of the vote to save .	Sing
She became the eighteenth housemate to be evicted after Lina on Day 79 , placing fifth overall .	Sing
They chose Dion and Jason .	Sing
She became the nineteenth housemate to be evicted after Lina and Penny on Day 79 , placing 4th overall .	Sing
She survived a few evictions , including when she was nominated on day 71 and saw Gizele become the next evictee .	Plur
He became the fourteenth housemate to be evicted on Day 66 .	Sing
Ryan became the last original housemate to be put up for nomination on Day 38 .	Sing
He became the sixth housemate to be evicted in a fake double eviction on Day 37 after receiving 7 % of the vote .	Sing
He scored a whopping 37 % of the vote .	Sing
On December 6 , 1959 , Morgan ran unsuccessfully for representative against the incumbent , his fellow Democrat Lester Vetter of Coushatta .	Sing
When Samantha finds the two girls polka-dotted , she tells Tabitha to reverse the spell , which Tabitha unsuccessfully tries to do .	Sing
It was later that she started Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu , muay thai and boxing .	Sing
The 9th Division approached Lae from the East and on 16 September both units converged on Lae .	Sing
On 2 July 2014 Higinio joined Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa , in Segunda División B .	Sing
Garcia faced Kin Moy at Bellator 123 on September 5 , 2014 .	Sing
In February 2016 , Charli XCX released her " Vroom Vroom " EP , produced primarily by Sophie .	Sing
Ferreira faced Dustin Poirier on April 4 , 2015 at UFC Fight Night 63 .	Sing
The doctor sways Chantel into believing that she may have an issue known as Chocolate Burnout .	Sing
She encourages Chantel to date outside of what she knows , and experience new flavors in life .	Sing
The real life stories helped build the core of the spin off book , " Memoir of a Jaded Woman : Tainted Love " .	Sing
In November 2016 , La-Paz published " Memoir of a Jaded Woman : Tainted Love . "	Sing
It features Hamasaki at a beach resort town , alongside her dancer Maroka " Maro " Uchiyama .	Sing
He performed penance at famous Deo Sun Temple located at Deo in present-day Aurangabad district , Bihar .	Sing
Her magic spell coincides with the contagion of Jorge of the epidemic plague .	Plur
He performed penance at famous Deo Sun Temple located at Deo in present-day Aurangabad district , Bihar .	Sing
The film starred Bibbo , Surendra , Yakub , Kayam Ali , Bhudo Advani and Mehdi Raza .	Sing
Soon his family wealth starts dwindling .	Sing
The songs from this film made Surendra a popular singing star .	Sing
" Watch What U Wish ... " received generally positive reviews from critics .	Sing
It features K.O and Kid X dressed in pantsula attire as well as many cameo appearances by AKA , Cashtime Life and its affiliates .	Sing
Adherents consume a powerful psychoactive brew that catalyses altered or non-ordinary states of consciousness .	Sing
Amongst others , Waterman and Hardison coined the phrase " Responsibility Assignment Narrative . "	Sing
Speakers adopt an RAN to avoid responsibility or to blame others .	Sing
He asked Zia Sarhadi then an unknown small-time actor , to write the screenplay , dialogue and songs for Deccan Queen .	Sing
The film starred Surendra , Aruna Devi , Ramchandra Pal and Kayam Ali .	Sing
They incriminate Aruna in a crime for which she has to go to jail while her brother drifts away penniless and out of his mind .	Sing
He completed his matric and went to Vaal University of Technology where he studied a National Diploma in Public Relations Management .	Sing
My mother sent my CV to the SAPS but I didn ’ t go for the interview .	Sing
Doc and Bozo deceive Rufus by telling him he must look for an important object ( of which they think does not exist ) .	Sing
Meanwhile , Argus sends Cletus and Opperbot on a mission to find Goal after they noticed they captured Donna instead of Goal .	Sing
He discovered Utopia and got the idea to make Elysium to fly there .	Sing
Goal takes “ Rufus ” to the council of Elysium .	Sing
Additional urban centers identified in this cluster include Tarlac City in Tarlac , San Fernando and Lubao in Pampanga ,	Sing
Additional urban centers identified in this cluster include Lipa and Tanauan in Batangas , and Tayabas in Quezon .	Sing
Campbell-Gillard had 2 vertebrae fractured and couldn ’ t change out of his playing kit for 2 days due to the seriousness of the injury .	Sing
Paul Bourget describes Barbey as an idealist , who sought and found in his work a refuge from the uncongenial ordinary world .	Sing
For years , his band also included jazz greats Muggsy Spanier on trumpet and George Brunies on trombone .	Sing
Around 1928 , Lewis noticed an usher named Eddie Chester mimicking his movements during his act .	Sing
He hired Chester to follow him on stage as his shadow during " Me and My Shadow " .	Sing
Lewis married Adah Becker ( 1897 – May 31 , 1981 ) in 1915 .	Sing
Upon Ted 's death , the City of New York , Yale and Harvard Universities and the Smithsonian Institution asked Adah for his memorabilia .	Sing
Charles suffered a first rebuff in endeavouring to protect his kinsman Ruprecht of the Palatinate , Archbishop of Cologne , against his rebel subjects .	Sing
Laissent tomber les enfants de leurs bras ,	Plur
Et les enfants , aux yeux des folles mères ,	Plur
The angel instructs Balaam to attend the meeting with the princes of Moab but to " say only what I tell you " .	Sing
At an early age he acquired the nickname Guercino ( Italian for ' squinter ' ) because he was cross-eyed .	Sing
The Tepehuán 's musical bow has a gourd attached to it .	Sing
Various local rugby league teams play at the Greetland All Rounders rugby ground .	Plur
He established in 1393 the Consistory of Barcelona ( " jocs florals " ) , imitating the same office in Toulouse .	Sing
The Global CPAD Campaign has also installed defibrillators at the premises originally owned by Harry Ramsdens and at the Guiseley A.F.C .	Plur
According to the Bible , the Israelites captured and destroyed Lachish for joining the league against the Gibeonites ( Joshua 10 : 31-33 ) .	Sing
In verse 17 , the Assyrians leave Lachish and head to Jerusalem to begin the unsuccessful Assyrian Siege of Jerusalem .	Sing
At the time , they formed the only known corpus of documents in classical Hebrew that had come down to us outside of the Hebrew Bible .	Sing
Existential deliberation theorists contend that deliberation is an ontological state , rather than a process that can be deployed .	Sing
He trained Angelica and she worked as his assistant , moving through Switzerland , Austria , and Italy .	Sing
It also originally included a nude caricature of Kauffman in the top left corner , which he painted out after she complained to the academy .	Sing
He became a cabinet-maker in London , designing furniture in the mid-Georgian , English Rococo , and Neoclassical styles .	Sing
After returning to Panama , he beat Pablo Jimenez by a decision in ten , then lost to Oscar Arnal in Venezuela by a knockout in six .	Sing
Despite the lengthy studio work and resources utilized , " Easter Everywhere " was not the success the band and International Artists had hoped for .	Sing
Duke Davis briefly replaced Galindo , before the band 's earlier bassist Ronnie Leatherman returned in the Summer of 1968 .	Sing
Initially disliked by many Elevators fans , it has found a substantial fan-base today , with some even rating it the band 's best LP .	Sing
In 2010 , he released " True Love Cast Out All Evil " , a full-length collaboration with indie rock band Okkervil River .	Sing
In Canada , GM followed the Vibe with the larger Chevrolet Orlando compact MPV , which replaced the Chevrolet HHR .	Sing
With her dowry of 100,000 pesos , the couple bought the Hacienda of Apeo in the small town of Maravatío .	Sing
In 1813 , Viceroy Félix María Calleja promoted Iturbide to colonel and put him in charge of the regiment in Celaya .	Sing
Reports of a probable further Spanish attempt to retake Mexico reached Iturbide in England .	Sing
They took their annual revue , The Cellar Tapes , to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and won the first Perrier Comedy Award .	Sing
In an interview also in " The Daily Telegraph " , Laurie confirmed his atheism .	Sing
Immediately after the London International tournament Staunton challenged Anderssen to a match of twenty-one games , for £ 100 .	Sing
Staunton introduced the Staunton Gambit against the Dutch Defense ( 1.d4 f5 2.e4 ) .	Sing
Glenn Gregory joined La Roux on stage at Glastonbury Festival on 26 June 2010 , performing " Temptation " .	Sing
For his efforts that season , Gower was awarded Wisden Cricketer of the Year .	Sing
The Human League has influenced many electropop , other synthpop , and mainstream performers including Moby , Pet Shop Boys , and Little Boots .	Sing
For " Everyman " Roth won his third PEN / Faulkner Award , making him the only person so honored .	Sing
This was not the first time Roth had expressed pessimism about the future of the novel and its significance in recent years .	Sing
Roth described " American Pastoral " and the two following novels as a loosely connected " American trilogy " .	Sing
While at Chicago , Roth met the novelist Saul Bellow , as well as Margaret Martinson in 1956 , who became his first wife in 1959 .	Sing
Those taking part in the first fundraising concert included Neville Staple , Right Said Fred , and Rick Wakeman .	Sing
IG Farben executives did visit Auschwitz but not Auschwitz II-Birkenau , where the gas chambers were located .	Sing
In January 1955 the Allied High Commission issued the I.G .	Sing
Important Indian philosophical concepts include dharma , karma , samsara , moksha and ahimsa .	Sing
The sub-traditions of Vedānta include Advaita ( non-dualism ) , Vishishtadvaita ( qualified non-dualism ) , Dvaita ( dualism ) and Bhedabheda ( difference and non-difference ) .	Sing
Other influential classical Confucian philosophers include Mencius and Xun Kuang who famously disagreed on the innate moral nature of humans .	Sing
Mo also advocated impartial meritocracy in government which should be based on talent , not blood relations .	Sing
For the most part this is not made explicit within Heidegger 's philosophy , apart from in the dialogue between a Japanese and inquirer .	Sing
The band has also cited British new wave / post-punk band Depeche Mode as an influence on its music .	Sing
In 2011 he formed The Ultra Electric Mega Galactic , and has contributed to albums for Sasquatch , Abrahma , 9 Chambers .	Sing
Sponsors of Cato have included FedEx , Google , CME Group and Whole Foods Market .	Sing
He also isolated gadolinium in 1885 , the element previously discovered in 1880 by J. C. Galissard de Marignac .	Sing
Henrik received homeschooling until 1947 , when he went to a Jesuit school in Bordeaux .	Sing
Intel released the Nehalem ( Core i7 ) in November 2008 in which hyper-threading made a return .	Sing
Sophia , herself strictly moral , disliked the French-influenced frivolity of her brother-in-law Charles XV 's court .	Sing
In the early years of the French Revolutionary Wars , Frederick Francis I remained neutral , and in 1803 he regained Wismar from Kingdom of Sweden .	Sing
Van Vollenhoven married Princess Margriet of the Netherlands at The Hague on 10 January 1967 , in the St. James Church .	Sing
Chuck D of Public Enemy gave him the moniker Busta Rhymes , after NFL and CFL wide receiver George " Buster " Rhymes .	Sing
On July 17 , 2008 , Busta left Interscope and Aftermath due to a creative clash with Interscope head Jimmy Iovine .	Sing
Busta Rhymes also appeared on Asher Roth 's debut album " Asleep in the Bread Aisle " .	Sing
On October 14 , 2009 , a Brooklyn judge ordered Rhymes to pay a concert goer $ 75,000 in compensation for an assault which occurred in 2003 .	Plur
Ol 'shanskii found some striking counterexamples for sufficiently large odd exponents ( greater than 10 ) , and supplied a considerably simpler proof based on geometric ideas .	Plur
( The Court had taken a recess following the death of Associate Justice Barbour ) .	Sing
Frederick 's only sibling , Knud , was born one year after Frederick .	Sing
During this time he married Helen Frances Watters .	Plur
See Sampling ( signal processing ) , Nyquist rate ( relative to sampling ) , and Filter bank .	Sing
But if the usual reconstruction method will produce the blue sinusoid instead of the red one .	Sing
Consequently , complex sinusoids do not exhibit " folding " .	Sing
Coke interviewed Hayward 's licensing cleric , Samuel Harsnett , who complained that the dedication had been " foisted " on him by Devereux .	Sing
In June 1614 , the University of Cambridge by unanimous vote elected Coke High Steward , an honorary office immediately below Chancellor of the University .	Sing
Coke 's descendants through Henry include the Earls of Leicester , particularly Coke of Norfolk , a landowner , Member of Parliament and agricultural reformer .	Plur
Associated minerals include zircon , aegirine , apatite , perovskite and columbite .	Sing
In 1801 Charles Hatchett discovered the element niobium in this specimen , which he named columbium in honour of explorer Christopher Columbus .	Sing
Murdoch examined the crystallography of ulexite in 1940 .	Sing
In 1998 , Dell founded MSD Capital L.P. to manage his family 's investments .	Sing
Since that time , McDonald 's has opened both kosher and non-kosher restaurants in Israel .	Sing
" The Slim Shady LP " turned Eminem from an underground rapper into a high-profile celebrity .	Sing
The song also discusses Eminem killing Dr. Dre .	Sing
In 1870 – 72 , John Marius Wilson 's " Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales " described Effingham as :	Sing
The house later became Corpus Domini Convent and was converted to apartments in 2008 .	Sing
The Mini Jelly Bean center had natural flavoring , innovative for the time when only the outer shell was flavored .	Sing
Klein sold the first Jelly Belly jelly beans in 1976 at an ice cream parlor called Fosselman 's in Alhambra , California .	Sing
Over the years , new additions have included blackberry brandy ( now discontinued ) , strawberry daiquiri , margarita , mojito , and piña colada .	Sing
The character allowed Cantinflas to establish a long , successful film career that included a foray into Hollywood .	Sing
He married Valentina Ivanova Zubareff , of Russian ethnicity , on 27 October 1936 and remained with her until her death in January 1966 .	Sing
The rhetoric of " cantinflismo " facilitated this fluidity .	Sing
Critics , including the PAN and archbishop Luis María Martínez , called the mural blasphemous , and it was eventually painted without the image of the Virgin .	Sing
In the visual arts , Mexican artists such as Rufino Tamayo and Diego Rivera painted Cantinflas as a symbol of the Mexican everyman .	Sing
He also voiced Gorilla on " The Giddy Game Show " .	Sing
" The Early Bird " ( 1965 ) , his first colour film , had Wisdom as a milkman .	Sing
In the film Wisdom plays a vicar plagued by a fly in a café .	Sing
For a number of years British exhibitors voted Wisdom one of the most popular stars in the country .	Sing
In 2014 , Cribbins was awarded the J.M .	Sing
Der Pendel selbst ist in Grade getheilt , die die Zahlen von 50 — 160 "	Sing
She also possessed a wrist-mounted blaster , and a holographic projector developed by her childhood friend and roommate Sarah that could be used to cast powerful illusions .	Sing
They grow erect to heights of .	Sing
The crushed leaves of all species exude a spicy , fragrant essential oil .	Sing
Frederick taught fencing , gymnastics and other activities in Brighton at a gymnasium he built on the town 's Church Street .	Sing
On 29 September 2005 the City of Westminster unveiled a Green Plaque commemorating the opening of the Hindoostane Coffee House .	Sing
" The Naked Trucker and T-Bones Show " toured with fellow comedic musical duo , Tenacious D .	Sing
The inflorescences are branched scorpioid cymes , i.e .	Plur
It did not reach Lake Erie ( at Ashtabula , Ohio ) until the formation of Conrail in 1976 .	Sing
Later in 1915 it reached Fairmont , West Virginia .	Sing
He was also awarded an Officier de l 'Ordre du Mérite Agricole by the French Government .	Sing
He also produced " Flamingo " as a syndicated comic strip from 1952 through 1954 .	Sing
( This , too , will cause Counter Gems to appear on the opponent 's board .	Sing
( This definition includes the entire Lower Haight within Hayes Valley . )	Sing
His son is noted author Pinckney Benedict .	Sing
The San Francisco Police Department Northern Station serves the Western Addition .	Sing
Roman lawyers had an axiom that gross negligence amounts to an intentional wrong , or " culpa lata dolo aequiparatur " .	Sing
Commander William Popham commissioned " Hecla " for service in the Mediterranean .	Sing
She and her companion ship , the gun brig , reached a longitude 112 ° 51 ' W before backtracking to winter off Melville Island .	Sing
It had the annotation , " wrecked " .	Sing
Simon had hired Bare to " ghost " the art , and was subsequently credited with the art .	Sing
He is sometimes called Wasp .	Sing
Tarantulas then decoded the Golden Disk for Waspscream , enabling the Predacons to access the Ark and gain control of the Autobot shuttle .	Sing
Swoop took Wasp to Dinobot Island and dropped him before Blackarachnia , whom he fell in love with .	Sing
During the fight , Waspinator entered the hallway and ran into Bumblebee .	Sing
These pieces represented the feminist recuperation of craft during this period .	Sing
Pullen , RCN , sailed HMCS " Labrador " on an expedition through the Northwest Passage .	Sing
In the story , Supergirl saves Prez from two hoaxed assassination attempts only to be entrapped into a third by a politician working with a witch .	Sing
Tanner painted a sensitive reinterpretation .	Sing
After the wedding , she meets the dashing Duke de Nemours .	Plur
He begs the Duke de Nemours to claim ownership of the letter , which ends up in the Princess ' possession .	Sing
On his deathbed , he blames the Duke de Nemours for his suffering and begs the Princess not to marry him .	Plur
The boy that I love , they call him a cobbler ,	Sing
The battalion left Tilbury on 23 December and travelled by rail to Dover and was on the first ship to enter Calais following its liberation .	Sing
2nd Ox and Bucks moved on transport from Winzlar to Heitlingen .	Sing
The regiment left Suez in April 1953 .	Sing
The bicentenary parade on 14 October 1955 included the last parading of the old colours .	Sing
In 1799 Daniel supported Runge financially to begin study of painting under Jens Juel at the Copenhagen Academy .	Sing
Since Gosset , other authors have used the term semiregular in different ways in relation to higher dimensional polytopes .	Sing
he discusses the Catalans and their relationship to the ' semiregular ' Archimedeans .	Plur
they emit pulsations sporadically during the outburst .	Plur
James played fly-half for Llanelli , playing his first game while still at Gwendraeth School .	Sing
Joseph moved Rodale Manufacturing to Emmaus , Pennsylvania to take advantage of favorable local taxes , while J. I. dabbled in publishing .	Sing
In 1950 , Rodale introduced " Prevention " , a health magazine .	Sing
He practiced long-term investing , and strove to buy great companies at reasonable prices .	Sing
In 1734 , he married Caterina Silvestri Agate .	Sing
His paintings include " A Kneeling Male Nude " .	Sing
This film serves as a direct sequel to the original films and ignores the events from the fifth film " The Love Bug " .	Sing
In addition , Volkswagen provided a Volkswagen Touareg and a Volkswagen New Beetle for use in certain scenes .	Sing
Many of the pipelines follow historic Northeastern railroad rights-of-way , and the firm is a surviving fragment of the defunct Penn Central railroad .	Sing
At 17 , Zeisel entered Budapest 's Magyar Képzőművészeti Akadémia ( Hungarian Royal Academy of Fine Arts ) as a painter .	Sing
To the west-northwest lies the prominent crater Piccolomini .	Sing
Modern musicians from Vojvodina include Pera Petrović , a violinist and singer .	Sing
Popular folk music singers from Vojvodina include Dara Bubamara , Miloš Bojanić and Boža Nikolić .	Sing
To the southwest of Phillips lies the crater Legendre .	Sing
Further exploration may include caving and mountain climbing .	Sing
In 2007 , Benoit won his first B.B .	Sing
It lies south-southwest of the prominent crater Colombo .	Sing
The next album " The Colour of Love " , featured Marc Quinones ( percussion ) and Gregg Allman ( keyboards ) .	Plur
Two months after its release , Diana Ross left The Supremes to embark upon a solo career .	Sing
The Dallas Museum of Art collection of Ancient Mediterranean art includes Cycladic , Egyptian , Greek , Roman , Etruscan , and Apulian objects .	Sing
The collection covers more than three millennia , displaying sculptures , prints , terracotta , and gold objects .	Sing
Therefore , this shareholder limited liability emanates mainly from statute .	Plur
She almost elopes with Ben Zion , but finds him too childishly idealistic , too much a dreamer .	Sing
At the center of the campus , where the Gorgas Library is now situated , stood the " grande dame " of the university , the Rotunda .	Sing
The depth of runoff reached 404 mm / yr , which can be considered high .	Sing
In 1969 , Osmond married Sandra Purdy .	Sing
Zatch met Kafk Sunbeam and Umagon earlier in England .	Sing
Through Zeno 's flashback , he resented Zatch because their Father King Bell bestowed Zatch the power of Bao , which is Zatch 's strongest spell .	Sing
During the same year Raiku sued Shogakukan over the lost " Zatch Bell !	Sing
Homer purchases a monkey paw from a vendor that will grant four wishes .	Sing
With all the wishes used , he gives the paw to his neighbor Ned , in the hopes of seeing Ned suffer .	Sing
Lisa then bolts awake with a scream .	Sing
In the quarterfinals , Youzhny beat Nikolay Davydenko .	Sing
At the junior Australian Open Youzhny defeated second-seed Jarkko Nieminen on his way to the final , which he lost in straight sets to Kristian Pless .	Sing
Marat Safin , a fellow Russian , defeated Youzhny in the final .	Sing
He then reached the semis of the Dutch Open and the third round of the Cincinnati Masters .	Plur
At the US Open Youzhny suffered a disappointing second round loss to Philipp Kohlschreiber .	Sing
Notably , he stunned top-seeded Novak Djokovic in two tiebreaks in the semifinal .	Sing
On his way Youzhny defeated Alexandr Dolgopolov in straight sets in the round of 64 and Tommy Haas in four sets in the round of 32 .	Sing
At the St. Petersburg Open , Youzhny defeated Milos Raonic , dispatching yet another top 30 player as he returned to the ATP Top 50 .	Sing
At Halle , he defeated Yūichi Sugita from Japan by 7 – 6 , 6 – 7 , 7 – 6 , in the qualifying round .	Sing
At Wimbledon , he stunned Nicolas Mahut in straight sets the first round .	Sing
The next day Israelis Andy Ram and Jonathan Erlich beat Safin and doubles specialist Igor Kunitsyn .	Sing
Youzhny had powerful groundstrokes on both sides .	Plur
Honoring his late father , Youzhny placed his racquet on his head while saluting the crowd instead of the hat that Russian military protocol dictates .	Sing
A stand-alone house ( also called a single-detached dwelling , detached residence or detached house ) is a free-standing residential building .	Sing
In 2006 , writers Jimmy Palmiotti and Justin Gray wrote Lash into " Jonah Hex " # 3 .	Sing
The platforms have low tubular fencing along their extreme ends and a wooden canopy held up by metal posts toward their midsection .	Sing
It has a circular awning that covers two blue doors .	Sing
The freeway would bypass Bethesda , Rockville , and Gaithersburg .	Sing
Keating famously described Hewson as a " feral abacus " .	Sing
This assault forced Hewson into a partial backdown , agreeing not to levy the GST on food .	Sing
However , this concession opened Hewson to charges of weakness and inconsistency , and it also complicated the arithmetic of the whole package .	Sing
It features Hercule Poirot and Arthur Hastings .	Sing
Blackmailed by her over his past , Renauld 's situation worsens when Jack becomes attracted to her daughter .	Plur
To expose Marthe as the killer , Poirot asks Eloise to openly disinherit Jack .	Sing
The dustjacket front flap of the first edition carried no specially written blurb .	Sing
Ieyasu then ordered Hidetada to march to Sekigahara in anticipation of the decisive battle against the Western faction .	Sing
Modern theologians have used the term " Christian mortalism " and related wordings from the 21st century onwards .	Plur
The Sacred College of Cardinals held a consistory on the problem in January 1334 , and Pope John conceded to the more orthodox understanding .	Sing
In 1536 , Pope Benedict XII issued the papal bull Benedictus Deus .	Sing
He also played the Riddler in the second season of " Batman " ( Frank Gorshin returned for the third and final season . )	Sing
Astin currently teaches both acting and directing in the Theater Arts and Studies Department at Johns Hopkins University , his alma mater .	Sing
He became a horticulturist and planted many gardens with plants from all over the world .	Sing
Barnett later joined RCA and continued research on broadcast technology into the 1960s .	Sing
Ontario extended 2-1-1 province-wide in 2012 and Nova Scotia 's province-wide 2-1-1 deployment will be fully operational in 2014 .	Sing
Dou E 's mother-in-law has a sudden craving for soup .	Sing
Zhang Lü 'er then frames Dou E for murdering his father .	Sing
In addition to Kazuo Umezu , Ito has cited Hideshi Hino , , Yasutaka Tsutsui , and H.P .	Sing
It stars Mitsuki Takahata and Mugi Kadowaki as the lead characters and is directed and choreographed by Philippe Decouflé .	Sing
System administrators can configure Windows Update to install critical updates for Microsoft Windows automatically , so long as the computer has an Internet connection .	Sing
It supports Windows 2000 SP3 as well .	Sing
Users may optionally change Windows Update to only perform peer to peer updates within their local area network .	Sing
Other Microsoft update management solutions , such as Windows Server Update Services or System Center Configuration Manager , do not override Windows Update for Business .	Sing
It also offers Silverlight and Windows Media Player as optional downloads if applicable to the operating system .	Sing
On November 15 , 2018 , the airline was named the " Most Improved Airline of 2019 " award from airlineratings.com , a product rating website .	Sing
They still offer wireless IFE on all aircraft .	Sing
They have four-way headrests , and six inches of recline .	Plur
They also feature a 13.3 inch IFE with AVOD , with a headphone jack and USB port , as well as in-seat power .	Sing
It offers increased legroom and lie-flat seats ( on A330-300 , B777-300ER , A350-900 , and A321neo ) .	Sing
Reconfigured Airbus A330-300 and A350 aircraft feature lie-flat seats manufactured by Thompson Aero Seating .	Sing
It passed the Labor Arbiter to the National Labor Relations Commission then to the Court of Appeals and , finally , to the Supreme Court .	Sing
He starred in the 1987 films , " Mannequin " and " Less Than Zero " , a theatrical adaptation of Bret Easton Ellis ' novel .	Sing
11 , 13 & 16 ) in season 2 of the NBC hit television show The Blacklist starring James Spader and Megan Boone .	Sing
As customs inspector general , Hart was Piry 's boss , but French backing effectively gave Piry a postal fiefdom .	Sing
Later that same year , he married Alma Mailman .	Sing
The 1913 Treaty of Bucharest ceded Silistra and the whole of Southern Dobruja to Romania .	Sing
He played on Walter 's number 1 hit " My Babe " in 1955 .	Sing
The Latin species name means " chicken peacock " .	Sing
Williamson married Howlin ' Wolf 's half-sister Mae and he showed Wolf how to play harmonica .	Sing
Trumpet Records owner McMurry provided the headstone with an incorrect date of death .	Sing
President Barack Obama appointed Baucus to replace Gary Locke as the 11th United States Ambassador to China , a position that he held from 2014 until 2017 .	Sing
NARAL Pro-Choice America 's political action committee endorsed Baucus during his 2008 election campaign .	Sing
The American Civil Liberties Union rated Baucus at 60 percent in December 2002 , indicating a mixed civil rights voting record .	Sing
On August 9 , 2011 , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid appointed Baucus to the United States Congress Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction .	Sing
In 2008 , Garrett hosted a celebrity roast of Cheech & Chong , which was aired on TBS .	Sing
In 1986 , President Ronald Reagan appointed Huffington as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Negotiations Policy with responsibility for conventional arms control negotiations .	Sing
He later defeated then Santa Barbara County Supervisor Gloria Ochoa in the general election .	Sing
In the 2003 California recall election , Huffington endorsed Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger .	Sing
Huffington married Arianna Huffington , a Greek-born writer and lecturer , on April 12 , 1986 .	Sing
Huffington was raised Presbyterian , became Episcopalian at age 38 , and ultimately joined the Greek Orthodox Church in 1996 after a visit to Istanbul , Turkey .	Sing
CBS affiliates criticized Rather for the incident .	Sing
The Philippine Sea , part of the Pacific Ocean , faces Davao Oriental to the east .	Sing
Each animal has a uniquely identifying , frequency-modulated narrow-band signature vocalization ( signature whistle ) .	Sing
The bottlenose dolphin has a single blowhole located on the dorsal surface of the head consisting of a hole and a muscular flap .	Sing
The female 's slit houses her vagina and anus .	Sing
They also eat shrimps , squid , mollusks , and cuttlefish , and only swallows the soft parts .	Plur
At least one population , off Scotland , has practiced infanticide , and also has attacked and killed harbour porpoises .	Sing
He criticised mercantilism and state-supported credit for the inflation problems of his era .	Sing
This ended the Kamakura shogunate , as well as the Hōjō clan 's power and influence .	Sing
Lamitan is experiencing a renewed economic vigor that continues to power the rest of the province 's otherwise lackluster growth .	Sing
Jesuit missionaries brought Catholicism to the region .	Sing
The island 's waters also produce grouper , squid , octopus , and marlin , while fishponds supply milkfish , prawn and shrimp .	Sing
It exported copra , coconut oil , rubber and lumber to California by way of Guam and Hawaii .	Sing
Only Maguindanao ( without Cotabato City ) , Lanao del Sur ( without Marawi City ) , Sulu and Tawi-Tawi joined the ARMM .	Sing
This volatile mix of ethnic and religious groups have defined political realignments in the island for most of its history .	Plur
This political combine has since seen some in-fighting from two of the most formidable power blocks to have formed since the 2004 general elections .	Sing
Both blocks went head-to-head in the 2007 , 2010 and 2013 local elections with mixed results .	Sing
denotes the factorial of " k " .	Sing
If benevolence failed , Giuliano killed informers and enemies ruthlessly .	Plur
They killed 87 Carabinieri and 33 Polizia from 1943-49 .	Sing
Pisciotta would lure Giuliano out to the street , and a squad of Carabinieri led by Captain Perenze would assassinate the bandit chieftain .	Sing
Natalia Danesi Murray described Giuliano as a “ theatrical megalomaniac . ”	Sing
Compounding his naivete ' was his monumental ego and overly-grand self-conception .	Sing
Lowering the reserve requirement frees up funds for banks to increase loans or buy other profitable assets .	Plur
Monetary regimes combine long-run nominal anchoring with flexibility in the short run .	Sing
Using " i " as an anchor , central banks can influence π .	Sing
In practice , more than half of nation ’ s monetary regimes use fixed exchange rate anchoring .	Sing
A carboy is usually called a jug .	Sing
( This process of transferring is usually called racking . )	Sing
However , all of these various syndromes have a common denominator : they are all due to malfunctional familiarity processing during information processing .	Sing
We now introduce a perturbation to the Hamiltonian .	Sing
Instead , we consider the perturbation " small " if the new eigenstate is close to the subspace .	Sing
Now , introduce a time-dependent perturbing Hamiltonian .	Sing
and take the perturbation to be time-independent .	Sing
Consider the quantum mathematical pendulum with the Hamiltonian	Sing
Wild turkeys prefer hardwood and mixed conifer-hardwood forests with scattered openings such as pastures , fields , orchards and seasonal marshes .	Sing
They were first named ' forest turkey ' in 1817 , and can grow up to tall .	Sing
His graduate students at UCSD included composers Chaya Czernowin and Mark Applebaum , among many others .	Sing
He brought Sulu , Zamboanga Peninsula , Palawan and Basilan under its aegis .	Sing
The Spaniards introduced Catholicism and a political system of church-state dichotomy , which encountered fierce resistance in the devastating Moro wars from 1578 to 1899 .	Sing
Although consisting of a mixed community of Muslims , the Tausugs dominate the Sulu Archipelago .	Sing
The Shee originally created the Norns as a mixture of valet and pet .	Plur
Many modern " sentō " have a sauna with a bathtub of cold water ( around 17 degrees Celsius ) just outside it for cooling off afterwards .	Sing
In order to prevent such problems , the " sentō " union adds chlorine to its baths .	Sing
This option is usually called a sauna , since at least sauna is included .	Sing
There the customer also received his / her ration of hot water , since there were no faucets in the actual bath .	Sing
He similarly complimented Tarantino 's directing and liked the fact that he did not often use close-ups in the film .	Sing
Merriam-Webster defines a frogman as a person equipped for extended periods of underwater swimming , and particularly for military reconnaissance and demolition .	Sing
The catalyst protonates the alkenes ( propylene , butylene ) to produce reactive carbocations , which alkylate isobutane .	Plur
Other inorganic fluorides prepared from hydrofluoric acid include sodium fluoride and uranium hexafluoride .	Sing
Diluted hydrofluoric acid ( 1 to 3 % wt . )	Sing
The Korean monastic training system has seen a steadily increasing influx of Western practitioner-aspirants in the second half of the twentieth century .	Sing
Similar provisions prevented a decedent with living parents from disinheriting them .	Sing
It starred Minnesotan Josh Hartnett along with Leelee Sobieski and Chris Klein .	Sing
The city of Zumbrota celebrated its sesquicentennial in 2006 .	Sing
Tram ( line 19 ) , bus and night bus services connect Diemen to Amsterdam and other towns in the area .	Sing
Before 1296 , Floris V , Count of Holland , granted Heemstede as a fiefdom to Reinier of Holy .	Sing
To the southwest of the city lies Alkmaar .	Sing
In May 2007 , Heerhugowaard welcomed its 50,000th inhabitant .	Sing
The town has an homonym in Gelderland , which is the setting for the book " The War in the Corner " , by Jan Braakman .	Sing
The municipality of Schermer included not only the Schermer polder , but also the polders Oterleek , Mijzenpolder , and Eilandspolder .	Sing
The service-to-country sculpture represents a wounded airman carried over the shoulders of a soldier in the battlefield .	Sing
Edina hosts Venkateswara Temple , Minnesota a Hindu Temple for the over 40,000 hindus residing in the Minneapolis-St Paul area .	Sing
The current City Council includes Joanie Clausen , Larry Fonnest , Steve Schmidgall and Gillian Rosenquist .	Sing
Nearby towns include Loretto , Rockford , Corcoran , Hanover , Buffalo , and Maple Grove .	Sing
Together they form the new municipality Medemblik .	Sing
On 17 April 1945 , a vengeful German command ordered the dike of the Wieringermeer to be blown up : the area was inundated .	Sing
One of these creeks includes Minnehaha Creek .	Sing
Thereafter many notable persons would visit Zandvoort , including Elisabeth of Bavaria in 1884 and 1885 .	Sing
Nearby places include Medina , Maple Plain , Independence , Greenfield , and Corcoran .	Sing
Freeport is now named Wayzata .	Sing
Plymouth has 863 cul-de-sacs and 300 miles of city streets , which are maintained by the city ’ s public works crews .	Plur
This decision outraged New Englanders , particularly Massachusetts colonists who had contributed the most to the expedition ( in terms of funding and personnel ) .	Plur
A nationwide economic depression and the migration of tourists to newer resort areas in the West gradually transformed Wayzata into a residential community .	Sing
In the 1930s , today 's U.S. Route 12 reached Wayzata as a hard-surface road .	Sing
Linus mispronounced Wayzata as " Why-Zah-tah " .	Sing
Regarding tracing , Schamberger himself has stated - " Man , I could give a damn . "	Sing
Schamberger hosts the Canvas 2 Canvas Youtube show with the WWE Network .	Sing
In December 2017 , Rock Sound interviewed Denis .	Sing
It succeeded the second Zapatero government .	Sing
The first of these vessels to arrive , in 1947 , was the now little remembered MV Ormonde which brought 108 migrant workers and attracted little notice .	Sing
Focussing on marriage abuse , the CIS soon expanded into human trafficking and forgery & counterfeiting investigations .	Plur
The Cabinet Office quickly published a “ review ” document “ Security in a Global Hub - Establishing the UK ’ s new border arrangements ” .	Sing
Fifteen years later , in 1871 , they opened a 25-bed infirmary for women and children .	Sing
The law of 19 May 1999 created the DAC .	Sing
In " The Oxford Handbook of Indigenous American Literature " , author James Howard Cox credits Masta for revitalizing the Abenaki language :	Sing
In 2014 , Warren built a centrifuge from an old circular saw .	Sing
to fill the vacancy , with a vote of 121 to 2 , the Republicans boycotting the election .	Sing
The United States became a Berne Convention signatory in 1988 .	Sing
He spent sabbaticals ( supported by a Guggenheim Fellowship for 1958 / 59 and 2 Fulbright Fellowships ) in Kenya , Saudi Arabia , and Australia .	Plur
It is part of the series of documentaries produced by ESPN Films entitled Nine for IX .	Sing
Franklin led Guillory in the primary by only thirty-nine votes as both finished with fewer than 23 percent of the ballots cast .	Sing
Syed Nasir Ali Rizvi ( born 5 January 1935 ) , s / o Brig .	Sing
He joined Maader-e-Millat Mohtarma Fatima Jinnah in her campaign against the dictator Ayub Khan .	Sing
In 1972 , he again accompanied Bhutto to Moscow , for talks with the Soviets .	Sing
In 1973 , he accompanied Bhutto to Iran on the invitation of the Shah of Iran .	Sing
The minister 's son Vasanthan ( Sattampillai Venkatraman ) advises Jayanth to stay incognito for some time to escape punishment from the king .	Sing
Born " circa " 1952 , Harris is the son of a grocer and World War II veteran who served in Rabaul , Papua New Guinea .	Sing
Roughead had previously found cancerous melanoma in his lip in the 2015 season , only to have it come back in the 2016 season .	Sing
While attending Dodge College of Film and Media Arts at Chapman University Ladensack directed the short film " S.S .	Sing
George Em Karniadakis received his S.M .	Sing
Mark Kermode from The Guardian included " Embrace of the Serpent " in its top ten list of best films of 2016 .	Sing
) , which gives motels and hotels bars of soap labeled with phone numbers that victims can call for help .	Plur
On July 12 , 1945 she succeeded Colonel Oveta Culp Hobby as Director of the Women 's Army Corps and was promoted to the rank of colonel .	Sing
Rick asks Britta to hide while he deals with Craig who just made multiple Honda purchases .	Sing
Though she is young , she is found a suitor and engaged to be married .	Sing
It featured Ragini and her cousins Ambika and Sukumari , with dances composed by noted choreographer B. Hiralal .	Sing
The rich man has an adopted son Sundaram ( Kaushik ) .	Sing
Lysenkoism pressured Soviet geneticists , pushing many researchers out of their institutions .	Plur
He led the reinvention of the Wharton MBA curriculum ( 1991 – 93 ) and the development of the Wharton globalization strategy ( 1995-1997 ) .	Sing
After taking command , Bahuma reformed the FARDC in the region , cutting down on corruption .	Sing
Jim lives out his adolescence among the Crows , speaking their language and living and thinking of himself as a Crow .	Sing
In 1914 , he married Hannah " Teresa " Hurley from near Bantry , in County Cork .	Sing
In 1920 , he succeeded McClelland as Professor of Experimental Physics , guiding research into atmospheric electricity and aerosols .	Sing
He met Manabe at IAMAS , who was also a student there .	Sing
The estate included Armadale , which Honyman later took as his judicial title .	Sing
The forewings are pale greyish-ochreous faintly tinged reddish and with a rosy costal line leaving the extreme edge whitish .	Sing
In 1953 , he married Leila May Fadil ( d . 1990 ) , niece of historian Albert Hourani .	Plur
Returning to Australia , Sparkadia supported Faker on their " Are You Magnetic ? "	Sing
Hoopla 's customers include LinkedIn , Zillow , New Relic , Glassdoor , and the NBA Sacramento Kings .	Sing
Long-term partnerships include Salesforce , Xactly , Gainsight , Empire Sales and CRM SuperStars .	Sing
He was also named first-team All-CIF San Joaquin Section , first-team All-Metro by the Sacramento Bee , first-team All-Delta Valley Conference , and first-team All-NorCal by NorCalPreps.com .	Sing
He was dubbed a third-team All-state performer by ESPN.com in 2011 .	Sing
For holidays , Modi wears a traditional turban from wherever he is .	Sing
In November 2017 , a survey of Pew Research Center showed Modi to be the " by far " most popular figure in Indian politics .	Sing
Also in 2015 , Sagi acquired the German start-up for 32M EUR .	Sing
The infections can include pneumococal sepsis and meningitis .	Sing
The town of Essex maintains VT 117 within the limits of Essex Junction .	Sing
It contains the varietas " Bacchisa guerryi var .	Plur
According to family tradition he was give the name De Vos ( the Fox ) because of his red hair .	Plur
The following year , citing concerns about teenage drinking , the U.S. military declared Playland and ten other Boston bars off-limits to servicemen .	Sing
Oddly enough , the blacklist did not include the Golden Nugget .	Sing
One day while he is out jogging he meets Kayla ( Meg Braden ) , a suicidal young woman ready to throw herself off a bridge .	Sing
He left Dyker Meadow and took a post at Shelter Island in 1897 .	Sing
Only , Miss Renshaw told the schoolgirls never to tell what happened that day .	Plur
The deanery was historically called " Karmsund prosti " , a deanery dating back to the middle ages .	Sing
The winner of the challenge received a Volvo .	Sing
In 1971 Bonazzi portrayed the Sorceress to Maureen Forrester 's Dido in " Dido and Aeneas " at the Caramoor International Music Festival .	Sing
In 1981 Bonazzi portrayed The Marquise of Birkenfeld in " La fille du régiment " with Tulsa Opera .	Sing
He also coached Swiss club FC Neumünster Zürich .	Sing
Many music blogs and publications have praised Monáe for her creativity , sense of individuality and boldness on the track as well as Jidenna 's relaxed flow .	Sing
As part of the 2011 MONA FOMA arts festival , Shiota set the piano alight on a street in Hobart , Tasmania .	Sing
The OS runs 8-bit ASCII with graphics in source code and has a 2D and 3D graphics library , which run at 640x480 VGA with 16 colors .	Sing
Five years later he would command the 7th Cavalry at the Wounded Knee Massacre .	Sing
Broad performed " Mirrors " by Justin Timberlake at his audition and received positive feedback from all four judges .	Plur
With the consultation of the company Alberto Saltori y Asociados , Cobreloa would dedicate CLP 35 to 40 million to this project .	Sing
These films embodying India 's " traditional values " had Prem Adib and Shobhana Samarth portraying the " ideal Rama and Sita " .	Sing
He released , " Believer " , on September 5 , 2006 with JCM Records .	Sing
Javen launched the Worship in the Now Ministries January 2011 in Hollywood , FL which includes the NOW Church .	Sing
The " Forgotten Realms Player 's Guide " presents the changed Forgotten Realms setting from the point of view of the adventurers exploring it .	Plur
Nile introduced a Sexual Offence Damages Bill and a Nudity ( Indecent Exposure ) in Public Places Prohibition Bill .	Sing
During the fall of 2008 , Perrette opposed the California ballot initiative Proposition 8 , writing a public letter urging Californians to vote against the measure .	Sing
As The Lock , she eventually wore a mohawk and wore bizarre clothing and face paint .	Sing
The cast featured Sabina Zuniga Varela , Lakin Valdez , VIVIS , Nancy Rodriguez , Vilma Silva , Jahnangel Jimenez , and Connor Chaney .	Sing
These areas include Caerau in the south-west and Rumney and St Mellons in the east .	Sing
At the " Blue Angel " , he finds a placard promoting the " barefoot dancer " Rosa Fröhlich .	Sing
For the San Jose Giants and Augusta Greenjackets in 2008 , he went a combined 3-4 with a 4.21 ERA in 57 innings .	Sing
Williams ' family left Kalgoorlie for Canberra in 1999 .	Sing
She also studied physiotherapy at Charles Sturt University .	Sing
She carries mirth in her face and has laughter hidden away in her eyes .	Sing
The Cougars folded during the summer and in September 2006 , the Detroit Ignition selected Sedgewick in the MISL Dispersal Draft .	Sing
In July 2007 , the expansion Orlando Sharks selected Sedgewick fourth in the MISL Expansion Draft .	Sing
In 1907 he wrote " Old Age Pensions , in Theory and Practice , with Some Foreign Examples " ( published by Methuen ) .	Plur
Lloyd George also employed Sutherland to further his interests with the press .	Sing
In April 2013 , Gill joined Slovácko .	Sing
She married the violinist Ridley Dorman in 1762 .	Sing
The small , green leaves release a slight medicinal odor when brushed .	Sing
In 2007 , he played the French boxer Marcel Cerdan on Édith Piaf 's biopic " La Vie en rose " , co-starring Marion Cotillard as Piaf .	Sing
A broken leg suffered in a challenge against Melbourne Victory saw Sykes miss much of the 2010 – 11 W-League .	Sing
He also uses improv to engage his audience and improve the quality of his performance .	Sing
He addressed distraction and relief from reality through art and fantasy .	Sing
Guðmundur left Keflavík in July 2002 in order to move to Denmark to play with Brønshøj BK .	Sing
In 1958 the elder Cipriani built the Hotel Cipriani in Venice .	Sing
Sunde coached Rosenborg BK in parts of the 1983 season .	Sing
McAuliffe asked Kinnard to compose a message that he delivered to the troops in Bastogne on Christmas Day , 1944 .	Sing
More recently , his laboratory has developed Force spectrum microscopy , which is capable of measuring random intracellular forces .	Sing
Due to the large number of New Zealanders in the side , the team actually performed the Haka before the match .	Sing
Olayinka Sanni oversees the Olayinka Sanni Foundation , a not-for-profit that caters to the development of boys and girls through leadership and basketball camps .	Sing
In the 1983 BDO World Darts Championship , he beat Rab Smith in the first round before losing in the second round again to Wilson .	Sing
Jacobson portrays Smyth as an amiable chummy type of person with a slightly gruff , but extremely cheerful character .	Sing
He then married Joan Paley Straus who had two children from a previous marriage , Tracy Straus and Barnard S. Straus Jr .	Sing
Maranta describes the " marvels " of tragedy and epic as that which is " unheard of , new , and beyond expectation . "	Plur
They released " Growing Pains " on Nefer Records in 1999 .	Plur
The Swedish artist Ivan Aguéli meet `Abdu 'l-Bahá in 1902 .	Sing
A second album followed , 1989 's " A Sultan 's Ransom " , but contractual difficulties meant the band had to split up in 1990 .	Sing
In 1921 , President Harding appointed Huston to position of Assistant U.S. Secretary of Commerce to Secretary Herbert Hoover .	Sing
Former Pakistan captain Imran Khan praised his " nip and direction " – once he bowled to Khan in the practice during the 1980s .	Sing
Hussain received the Best Urdu Commentator of the Decade Award for 1985 – 95 .	Sing
Portarlington was a founding club and P. Harrison won the goalkicking that year .	Sing
His mother immigrated to the US from Erlich , near Budapest in Hungary with her mother and sister , Bella .	Sing
When the neighbors arrived , they saw Tomlinson bleeding from the mouth , nose , ears and eyes .	Sing
Deputies seized a nail clipper that Rosa voluntarily pulled out of his pocket and surrendered to the deputies .	Sing
The cause of death was ruled manual strangulation .	Sing
When his father died , Booth won ALP pre-selection for his father 's then-vacant seat of Kurri Kurri .	Sing
In 1975 , Green defeated Moolah for the NWA World Women 's Championship , which is unrecognized by the NWA .	Sing
In 2002 , he led Northeastern to an 11th-place final ranking , the school 's highest-ever placement .	Sing
In his first year , he led the Minutemen to a 6 – 5 record , including victories over fourth-ranked Colgate , seventh-ranked , and ninth-ranked .	Sing
In October 1939 , with Sir Abdullah Haroon , Rahim visited Allama Mashriqi , leader of the Khaksars , shortly after his release from jail .	Sing
This has all the makings of a typical love triangle .	Plur
Sekhar couldn 't forget Meena and tries to be close with her , while she honors her commitment to Thyagu and keeps Sekhar at a distance .	Sing
Thyagu leads Sekhar to the cliff and reveals his anger and frustration about their perceived relationship , questioning the sincerity of his friend and his lover .	Sing
It has full marginalia with marks of the text 's division , with liturgical notes and scholia .	Sing
It has some scholia at the margin .	Sing
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual cluster M27 in Luke 1 , Luke 10 , and Luke 20 , as a core member .	Sing
Philip Traheron made first collation and description of the codex .	Sing
John Mill used collation of Traheron in his edition of the Greek New Testament ( 1709 ) , but very carelessly .	Sing
" Empire Arrow " used the code letters MDOT until 1934 and KDUG from 1934 .	Sing
It has scholia in Matthew and two scholia in Mark ( 16 : 19.20 ) .	Sing
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents family Π in Luke 1 and family K in Luke 10 and Luke 20 .	Sing
It does not contain the Pericope Adulterae ( John 7 : 53-8 : 11 ) .	Sing
Disputes between jesuits and jansenists had pope Clement XI intervene in church affairs with the bull Unigenitus of 1713 in order to resolve controversies over grace .	Sing
On 29 April 1981 , as Sultan Ismail lay ill on his deathbed , Tunku Iskandar was appointed Tunku Mahkota in favour of him .	Sing
A coloring with the number of colors described by Brooks ' theorem is sometimes called a " Brooks coloring " or a Δ- " coloring " .	Sing
In other words , the list chromatic number of a connected undirected graph G never exceeds Δ , unless G is a clique or an odd cycle .	Sing
vi ) " Den " can also indicate a conditional ( an if-then condition ) , implying an omitted " if " / " when " :	Sing
Using " Sial " - while having family dinner at home , a seven-year-old child says to his / her mother ,	Sing
Also from Hokkien , it literally means excrement .	Sing
The Holy See set up an Apostolic Nunciature to Israel in Tel Aviv , and appointed an Apostolic Nuncio .	Sing
Survival techniques included theological self-sufficiency and exclusivity ; and Jewish proselytism became impossible once Christianity became the official religion of the Holy Roman Empire .	Sing
In his remarkable farewell speech , Pope Benedict raised the planting of the olive tree in Jerusalem to the rank of a symbolic act , saying :	Sing
Hoskier gave a collation of the codex .	Sing
Skinner also hosted a one-hour remote dee jay broadcast from the store 's display window .	Sing
Regional languages are also spoken namely Limburgish ( which is recognised as a regional language in Dutch Limburg ) , Ripuarian and Walloon .	Sing
In 1916 , he married Tena M. Williamson .	Sing
Also , the college got NBA Accredited in 2017 .	Sing
LNCT has signed MOU with Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS ) , Ericsson India Pvt .	Sing
Also at the US Nationals in 1969 , he stroked the winning Vesper Quad , teaming with Paul Wilson , Bob Arlett , and Bob Montgomery .	Sing
The Domaine des Barres ( 283 hectares ) was purchased in 1821 by Philippe André de Vilmorin for his studies in forestry .	Plur
He was made a prebendary of Winchester in 1635 , and was Dean of Peterborough from 1635 to 1639 .	Sing
The friend later regrets her deceit and visits Torresani 's house to confess and put things right .	Sing
Kinz had convinced Frau Torresani that her husband was having an affair .	Sing
I made every page exciting " .	Sing
In 1906 , he married Pauline DeWolfe Marshall .	Sing
His thesis was entitled " Experiment in rural adult education " .	Sing
Rai Premium is an Italian television channel owned RAI and broadcast on Digital terrestrial television in Italy .	Sing
The album produced the US top 10 single " Ex 's & Oh 's " , which earned her two Grammy Award nominations .	Sing
Cooder 's displeasure with the Republican Party and its financial supporters , particularly the Koch Brothers , also inspired his songwriting .	Sing
Zeth Lundy of the " Boston Phoenix " characterizes Cooder as a " Keith Richards / Woody Guthrie hybrid " on " Election Special " .	Sing
Fyfield signed for Gateshead 's National League rivals Boreham Wood on 15 June 2018 on a contract of undisclosed length .	Sing
The NYS & W listed its milepost ( MP ) along the Main Line at 23.30 .	Sing
Just before the incident , an NYS & W crew had placed a fully loaded boxcar along the plant 's siding .	Sing
Davies was also named Paralympic Sportsman of the Year at the 2013 Sports Journalists Association Awards .	Sing
Non-binary or genderqueer people may also undergo HRT in order to achieve a desired balance of sex hormones .	Sing
Upon his return to England he joined AFC Wimbledon U16s .	Plur
It then became an annexe of the Berlin National Gallery , housing a preeminent collection of modern art .	Sing
It features Blige dressed in a black cat suit singing about how she doesn ’ t mind telling her man she loves him .	Sing
This will affect the ACT and also QLD which are currently examining options for a state based scheme .	Sing
Dignitaries at the honoring ceremony included then-Governor George Pataki , Senator Charles Fuschillo and Levy 's widow , Joy Levy .	Sing
In 2015 , Naddour married fellow gymnast Hollie Vise .	Sing
For work in this field Ratanak International received the R.L .	Sing
On October 4 , 2008 , he recorded a season high 2 Tackles against the No.1 ranked Oklahoma but Baylor lost in a blowout 49-17 .	Plur
On 10 January 2014 Chiquinho joined Fluminense , in a one-year deal .	Sing
On 24 November , Example confirmed " Perfect Replacement " as the third single .	Sing
The service works only if the files are in a OneDrive folder named " Music " and otherwise can 't detect any other songs .	Sing
JobLens users may use Microsoft OneDrive to store their CVs on .	Sing
The client software usually allows IM and email access ; some versions provide access to Spaces and Search as well .	Sing
It covers Pampa and the surrounding areas of Gray County , Texas .	Sing
The Mexican City of San Pedro de Roma was renamed Ciudad Miguel Alemán , Tamaulipas after former Mexican President Miguel Alemán Valdés .	Sing
He painted a " Virgin dei Raggi " ( now lost ) for the church of San Nicola da Tolentino .	Sing
He painted an " Apparition of the Virgin to Phillip Neri " for the church of the Concezione , Naples .	Sing
Flora includes wet sclerophyll eucalyptus forest and rainforest .	Sing
The closure of all schools and Universities in South East Louisiana , including Louisiana State University followed Gov .	Sing
In the opening , it shows Aguilera playing 1980 's computer games on her computer when she gets an incoming message from an occult fortune teller .	Sing
He was clarinetist of the Orchestre des Champs-Élysées , Akademie für Alte Musik Berlin and the Orchestra of the Eighteenth Century .	Sing
" Chœur de chambre de Namur	Sing
In 1907 , whilst studying abroad , Wilson sold Tocal and decided to pursue a career in the law .	Sing
His short stories and articles have appeared in many magazines including " The International Herald Tribune " , " Condé Nast Traveler " , " GQ " .	Sing
Opera Spanga also commissioned Levi 's " Stuyvesant Zero " with music by Dutch composer Caroline Ansink , which premiered on August 22 , 2012 .	Sing
King Daoxiang 's rule saw Zhao engage in warfare with its eastern neighbor , Yan .	Sing
Roshanipour joined Mes Kerman in summer 2012 .	Sing
She joined SPH MediaWorks and later returned to MediaCorp when they merged in 2005 .	Plur
In 1974 , the students of Nishtar Medical College had an altercation with Ahmadis at the Rabwah Railway Station .	Sing
Lin Xiangru 's actions again caused the Qin to lose face and earned him great acclaim throughout China .	Sing
Scholarly dispute persists as to artist , subject and origin .	Plur
He put McCormack in the care of Lily Foley who went on to become Mrs John McCormack .	Sing
However , macitentan has a 50-fold increased selectivity for the ETA subtype compared to the ETB subtype .	Sing
After a decade-long struggle in the Indian film industry , he finally became the DOP .	Sing
But soon after , Ritika develops cold feet and dissuades Vikram from carrying out the robbery .	Sing
Bright Light Bright Light released the single " Disco Moment " from the album which was placed on the BBC Radio 1 play list .	Sing
In June 2012 the album made the final shortlist for the annual Welsh Music Prize , but lost to Future of the Left .	Sing
The year 2016 saw his third album ' Choreography ' released , entering the UK Album Chart at No .	Sing
He has also co-authored " Memons of Sri Lanka .	Plur
Đoinčević married Vesna and fathered two daughters , Katarina and Kristina .	Sing
The " Zebbug " replaced the " Qormi " on the Reggio route .	Sing
In 1972 the journal was renamed " Currents in Modern Biology : Bio Systems " , which was shortened to " BioSystems " in 1974 .	Plur
Dick Weber won the season-ending Hawaiian Invitational to become the first player to reach 20 career PBA Tour titles .	Sing
In 1978 ADCOM began phaseout of the EC-121 as the Boeing E-3A Sentry AWACS aircraft entered the aircraft inventory .	Sing
On 27 July 2013 , Hofmann won the 2013 DFL-Supercup with Dortmund 4 – 2 against rivals Bayern Munich .	Sing
Clients include Sony Music , Universal Music Publishing Group , Mood Media , 7digital & TouchTunes .	Sing
Kapengwe hit the soccer limelight in 1963 when his club picked him to play against a visiting Southern Rhodesian side Magula FC .	Sing
He represented Zambia against Uganda , Kenya and Ghana in the disastrous independence celebration tournament where Zambia lost all of their three matches .	Sing
He played inside-left for the school team .	Plur
Mwila , Kapengwe and Mwikuta left Zambia for America on 23 February 1967 where they underwent a two-month trial and were signed .	Sing
The outspoken Mwila accused the FAZ of standing in his way by not giving him an international clearance to rejoin Chiefs .	Sing
He singled out Alex Chola as a possible candidate for his job .	Sing
He entered the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas in 1969 with Manuel Herrera Cartalla and Gilberto Aceves Navarro among his teachers .	Plur
In the early 1960s , he once helped musician Freddy Marichal carrying his drums at a club called Fra Diavolo .	Sing
In 1989 he painted a 360 m2 mural at the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana .	Sing
His influences include Picasso , Van Gogh , Rufino Tamayo , José Luis Cuevas and José Clemente Orozco .	Sing
The use of the mask symbolized the multiplicity of human identity , that life is improvisation and invention .	Sing
Quico left Betis in 1988 , with 81 first division appearances in which he netted six goals .	Sing
The site also supports Bastard Toadflax , and has good populations of Early Purple Orchid and Bee Orchid .	Sing
The neighborhood presented the building debt-free to the association in early 1924 , and the library opened on March 7 , 1924 .	Sing
The Gresham Library served Fairview for decades , for instance with the head librarian visiting Fairview on a weekly basis for a children 's story hour .	Sing
The building ridge , located east of Japan , gradually turned the storm westward .	Sing
The emperor allocated jagir for maintenance of mansabs .	Sing
This also included camel bear swivel guns .	Sing
The Navy 's main duty was controlling piracy , but they also were used in war .	Sing
Citaristi studied Odissi under Guru Kelucharan Mohapatra and started her own school of dance in 1994 .	Sing
The population largely consists of Kadian , Beniwal and DABAS gotras .	Plur
Limbic 's debut title , " TowerMadness " , launched in 2009 , and in summer 2011 , Limbic released two new titles , " Nuts ! "	Plur
After initially announcing a new title as an April Fools ' day joke , Limbic released " Zombie Gunship Arcade " shortly after in May 2014 .	Sing
On July 16 , Limbic released " Nuts ! "	Plur
Shopping items in the academy read Franciszek Tun , Paul Strasser , Jerzy Kurtsbauer , Franciszek Moznik , Alexander Reyzinher , Stefan Kozhma , Franz Steyhler .	Sing
November 1 , 1939 at the Academy of Foreign Trade was established Lviv Institute of Soviet Trade .	Sing
He became an oilman and drysalter in Poultry , London , living afterwards in Bloomsbury Square .	Sing
Following school , Angie Westhoff studied German Philology and History at the Ludwig-Maximilian-Universität München and worked as coach and lecturer in international teacher-training .	Sing
The film follows an aging geisha whose teenaged son is ashamed of her profession , and their relationship with a young colleague of hers .	Sing
Other guest filmmakers include Albert Maysles , Peter Bogdanovich , David Anspaugh , Angelo Pizzo , Charles Burnett , Claire Denis and Walter Salles .	Plur
His nightmarish memories of combat put a damper on the light puppetry class .	Sing
But it came about when I was talking to one of the writers , Colin Jost .	Sing
During his visit to the Mongol court , Sempad received a relative of the Great Khan as a bride .	Sing
Following the death of the Mongol leader Hulagu in 1265 , Baibars again threatened Cilician Armenia from Egypt .	Sing
In 1284 , the Dominican Burchard of Mount Sion visited Cilician Armenia and left an account of his travel there .	Sing
Hethum visited Ghazan at his court , who renewed the relationship , and would remain faithful to it by continuously fighting the Mamluks .	Sing
Mats Wilander defeated Anders Järryd 6 – 1 , 6 – 2	Sing
In September 2016 , Aria released Aria Crescendo .	Sing
In 2009 he released his debut EP " Grand Entrance " .	Sing
The success from the single led to working with Grand Hustle producer Elliot Stroud on his record " Swim Ft . Vee " .	Sing
MTR also operates MTR Camp , an academic enrichment camp with the goal of reducing the achievement gaps among disadvantaged students that often widen during summer months .	Sing
Then reserve coach Zoran Barisic handed Starkl his debut in the famous green and white of Rapid on August 9 , 2011 against SC Neusiedl am See .	Sing
He would later publish " The Young Socialist " and at age 19 became the editor of " The Socialist " .	Sing
It has a 1 1 / 2-story rear kitchen ell .	Sing
The large-format painting was one of seven works by Marc exhibited that autumn in the First German Autumn Salon ( " Erster Deutscher Herbstsalon " ) .	Sing
In Transylvania a woman in her kitchen cooks a jelly pudding .	Sing
Ace forbids Fang to tell his mother - she might faint and hurt herself .	Sing
After becoming a vampire , Fang ate mostly horse hoofs until discovering jelly pudding .	Plur
The book analyses the socio , economic and educational background of the reporters and its impact on the quality of their reports .	Sing
In 1948 , he married Ingeborg Aasengen Dal f . Amundsen ( 1903-1991 ) .	Sing
In 1993 , he founded the " Ingeborg og Per Palle Storms Legat " .	Sing
She married Mariano Ospina Pérez on 18 July 1926 at the Christian Brothers Chapel in Medellíin .	Sing
The NFL eventually suspended Moeller for the first two games of the 2011 NFL season .	Sing
" Now You Know " was included on the station 's " " Mainly Folk " Playlist " .	Sing
Clearing the game unlocks Pirate Mode , which gives Shantae all of her pirate items from the start to allow the player to perform speedruns .	Sing
Ammo Baron places Shantae under lockdown pending further punishment .	Sing
Risky accuses Shantae of robbing her , as her henchmen and items have suddenly gone missing .	Sing
He has been prosecuted under blasphemy law , blasphemy by its Criminal Code .	Sing
He represented Lakeside from 1896 to 1903 in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba as a Liberal .	Sing
On July 6 , 2012 , Activision announced a first-person shooter based on the television series , which is being developed by Terminal Reality .	Sing
Kodály told Starker : " If you correct the ritard in the third movement , it will be the Bible performance " .	Sing
And I can 't hum a crescendo of triple stops " ( 59 ) .	Sing
Monde Nissin 's subsidiaries include Monde M.Y .	Sing
NamNam Tomato seasoning in 2013 , the first seasoning in the local market with the taste of real tomatoes .	Sing
In 2015 , it bought Quorn for £ 550m .	Sing
Architecturally the central nave , also called the central aisle , is divided from the side aisles by arched columns .	Sing
Police arrested 29-year-old Dmitry Vinogradov , a lawyer at the Rigla pharmaceutical company that owned the warehouse .	Sing
A couple of the tribal members attended language classes at UC Berkeley called the Breath of Life Tenth Biennial Workshop .	Sing
Djemo the Mountaineer ( ) is a popular legendary hero of Serbian epic poetry who is depicted as enemy of Kraljević Marko and brother of Musa Kesedžija .	Sing
Janja helped Marko Kraljević to capture Djemo which is another similarity with the songs about Svyatogor , i.e .	Sing
In this song Marko Kraljević celebrates his slava ( the Serbian Orthodox tradition of the ritual glorification of one 's family 's patron ) .	Sing
In 1974 , Tyler joined Unilever as a management trainee .	Sing
He later represented Ludgershall between 1811 and 1812 .	Sing
Some may find the vulgarity in the film a little uncomfortable , but hey , this is an A rated comedy .	Sing
Then the ionized region grows quickly in that direction , forming a finger-like discharge called a " streamer " .	Sing
New avalanches predominantly grow in the high-field regions , so a self-propagating structure can emerge : a streamer .	Sing
A group of American sailors of the US Asiatic Squadron also witnessed the unfurling .	Sing
Each rower used a single oar , with four oars on each side of the boat .	Sing
Input Contracts split the input data into independently processable subset .	Plur
Input Contracts split the input data of a PACT into independently processable subsets that are handed to the user function of the PACT .	Plur
Input Contracts vary in the number of data inputs and the way how independent subsets are generated .	Plur
However , it will not impact the correctness of the result if a valid annotation was not attached to the user code .	Sing
In case of binary second-order functions such as Cross , Match , and CoGroup , the user can specify one annotation per input .	Sing
Their beaks had tooth-like lamellae and their diet was plants which they digested through hindgut fermentation .	Sing
The group includes two school backbenchers , Hunny ( Pulkit Samrat ) and Choocha ( Varun Sharma ) , who are perpetually dreaming of making it big .	Plur
Pandit tells Lali to donate 250,000 in the college development fund to get a seat in return .	Sing
He also sees Zafar there .	Sing
By the end of its second week , the film had collected 290 million nett in the domestic markets .	Sing
The film collected around 20 million nett on its second Friday which was just 20 % less than the first day .	Sing
Hamo Peveril bought High Ercall in 1098 and it remained in the Peveril family until 1271 .	Sing
In November 2012 , he released " Black Narcissus " .	Sing
His sons Emanuele and Giacomo and their descendants continued the chair making industry that he had founded .	Sing
In the November general election , he faced only Libertarian Melba Morris-Page , winning with 16,245 to Morris-Page 's 2,133 .	Sing
She defeated supervisor David Campos , who was also nominated for the position .	Plur
The Red Army performed attack Operation Bagration ( named for the Russian commander in the Patriotic war of 1812 ) .	Sing
The army forces seized Tilsit on 19 January , and 39 Army reached Dejma river .	Sing
Letang told Tricia Welch of the " Daily Express " that Adele has a unique style and is wild about colour .	Sing
Adele arrives to begin her first shift at Holby City Hospital and does not inform Mo about her arrival .	Sing
She added " Mo assures Adele that she won 't last because this is a serious job and Adele isn 't a serious girl . "	Plur
Harper explained that one issue between Adele and Mo would be the latter 's insecurities despite being the sibling who has had more success .	Plur
Adele can make Mo feel undermined because she possesses a " wonderful talent of making them feel like children again " .	Sing
This makes Adele evaluate whether or not she will share the same with Jesse .	Sing
She had prosthetics applied to her to gain Adele 's near-death look .	Plur
Jane Simon writing for the " Daily Mirror " bemoaned the dearth of realism when Adele tried to leave her role at the hospital .	Sing
Both nymphs and adults prefer birch " Betula " , but they are also found at " Acer " , oak " Quercus "	Sing
" Āchārya " means the Chief Preceptor or the Head .	Sing
He attended Staff Development Center , Kaduna where he studied for G.C.E .	Sing
In 2012 , the Olympic Stadium itself endured a reparation but is not certificated by the IAAF in order to officially declare records .	Sing
The bomb adopted the spool and the handle from Breda Mod .	Sing
As a breeding stallion , his other progeny included Moorhouse Lad ( King George Stakes ) and Prime Defender ( Duke of York Stakes ) .	Sing
Goya had earlier portrayed Godoy in 1794 when he was Duke of Alcudia , with a small equestrian portrait .	Sing
The backside of the book shows a " Warning !	Sing
Another photo shows Mona Lisa with the face of Dalí and one original $ 10,000 bill in each of his strong hands .	Sing
Morris suspects " Dali 's Mustache " to be the only book , which ever was published describing exclusively the facial hair of a single individuum .	Sing
Mims was replaced by veteran manager , Bob Warming on April 2 , 2018 .	Sing
She starred in the 2015 film " Ghoul " directed by Petr Jákl .	Sing
Flair Productions produced the film " Vide et Plein " , directed by Stéphane Haskell .	Sing
They raised $ 10 – 15m over two rounds .	Sing
In 1967 , she married Avraham Dovid Heller ( 1944 – 2013 ) , and the two made aliyah to Israel .	Sing
A Gurukul Investors Network support Gurukul financially , Members and their contribution changes after every four months time period .	Sing
Seattle Storm selected Breanna Stewart first in the 2016 WNBA Draft at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville , CT .	Sing
As with many far-right organisations in Europe , it advocated corporatism .	Sing
He was appointed archivist of the city of Brussels on 2 April 1842 .	Sing
In January 1886 , after the death of Louis Prosper Gachard , he became the academy 's secretary-treasurer .	Sing
After an apprenticeship with the Alexandria coastguards , he was appointed provincial sub-inspector in the Ministry of Interior , in January 1902 .	Sing
Historically , Egyptians had recourse to the drug as an alternative to wine .	Sing
Subsequent site alterations and landscaping developed 3 natural turf amphitheatres for optimal concert viewing .	Plur
The items found were ash midden that included Oltome pottery ( Kansyore pottery ) , faunal remains and stone artifacts .	Plur
In 2009 , he founded La Cámpora , a juvenile political agrupation of supporters of Cristina Fernández government .	Sing
It uses a much more ornate Classicism than many of the firm 's contemporary works .	Sing
Tampa Bay Rebels defeated Heartland Prowl to win the first FBA championship .	Sing
He attended highschool at preparatory scientific education level at the Myrtus College in his hometown between 1982 and 1987 .	Sing
From silence and detachment came acknowledgment and remembrance . "	Sing
Pugliese left APTN in 2006 .	Sing
She left the AFN in 2010 .	Sing
By identifying these repressed ideologies the individual can confront the negative shackles and enter a positive stage of self-actualisation .	Plur
Without a clear road map for their development , Africa will never move an inch .	Sing
Bruzsenyák married Lajos Gresa , a fellow Hungarian international athlete .	Sing
He married Martha McKnight in 1945 .	Sing
Habib Chamieh joined the OMM and on 7 September 1991 made his perpetual vows .	Sing
In 2007 , Austin Doré , Sam Albarado and Garrett Hawkins started Myka Relocate in Lafayette , Louisiana .	Sing
Shortly after , the band enlisted Tori Guidry at lead guitar .	Sing
Finno-Ugric " ancient " people , according to Bazhov , knew neither avarice nor bellicosity of their successors in the Urals .	Sing
If the team down 1-2 wins the heat , the two teams will conduct one sudden death relay to determine the winner .	Sing
The magazine included Auberon Waugh on its payroll .	Sing
In early 1843 , Chicka told Mr. Hardy the Missionary that he desired to be baptised .	Sing
This problem setup also allows the dimensionality of the signals being represented to be higher than the one of the signals being observed .	Sing
At the deepest of each layer , I find an expanding calm .	Sing
My windows free up quietness from within me .	Sing
That year Edward gave him two more tuns of wine .	Plur
Its inscription , in Norman French , reads , " Pray for the soul of Friar William Freney , archbishop of Rages " .	Sing
In the semi-finals , Alaska faced the GlobalPort Batang Pier , who are making their first semi-finals appearance in the history of their franchise .	Sing
Fellow Indianapolis group the Emblems covered " We 're Gonna Love " , which was issued on the Lambia record label later in the year .	Plur
The Muslim conqueror Timur invaded Haridwar in 1398 , and massacred a number of pilgrims , possibly at a Kumbh Mela .	Sing
The " Khulasat-ut-Tawarikh " ( 1695 ) , mentions the mela in its description of the Delhi subah of the Mughal Empire .	Sing
A few Christian missionaries also visited the Mela , and distributed copies of the Bible translated into " the various dialects of the East " .	Sing
His second movie as a director was starring Dulquer Salman and Aparna Gopinath .	Sing
Charlie also stars Dulquer in lead role .	Sing
Bird life includes the oriental pied hornbill , great hornbill , wreathed hornbill ,	Sing
In 2012 he climbed Malika Parbat ( 5,290 meters ) in Kaghan Valley of Pakistan .	Sing
In total , the duo climbed 250m at 5.10d A0 in two days .	Sing
In 1995 he developed the first digital polygraph in Argentina to provide biofeedback therapy for patients with repetitive strain injury ( RSI ) and neuromuscular disorders .	Sing
It borders Rabat-Salé-Kénitra to the north , Fès-Meknès to the northeast , Drâa-Tafilalet to the southeast , Marrakesh-Safi to the southwest and Casablanca-Settat to the northeast .	Sing
In early 2010 , Gabe Sapolsky co-founded Evolve Wrestling along with WWN COO Sal Hamaoui .	Sing
August 2014 saw a relaunch of Evolve , which has established a unique identity with the top talent going today .	Sing
In January 2016 , NXT General Manager William Regal and WWE COO Triple H attended Evolve 54 .	Sing
( When told the news , Welles famously quipped " Don 't worry , boys .	Sing
We 're just passing a bad Koerner . " )	Sing
Among his most notable achievements were hiring Val Lewton .	Sing
The series follows Lily Woodward , a producer on a morning television show , and what happens when life , love and friendships collide .	Sing
Baroin has indicated pessimism with regard to the prospects of the Republicans in the legislative elections , saying " At 150 [ seats ] is good .	Sing
The lawn and garden tool manufacturer Yuba Power Products of Cleveland , Ohio bought Magna and the ShopSmith product line in the late 1950s .	Sing
In the virulently anti-communist climate of the post-Civil War years , Stavridis soon became a major government-sponsored propagandist against the banned KKE and communism in general .	Sing
Also called to testify were Núñez Carmona , former AFIP official Rafael Resnick Brenner , Nicholas Ciccone , and Guillermo Reinwick .	Sing
In March 2010 , Amir Hossein Jahanshahi launched Green Wave with a new political agenda committed to serving the Iranian nation and preventing regional war and instability .	Sing
Under the leadership of the Madhvani family they have steered KSW to become the largest producer of refined sugar in East Africa .	Sing
Ameinias then invited Antigonus to take possession of the conquered city .	Sing
Eggenberger drivers Pierre Dieudonné and Frank Biela each drove for Moffat on two occasions .	Sing
In 2012 , Simon launched the kNOw THEM Initiative .	Sing
He was born Hemne as a daughter of farmer and manager John Moe ( 1884 – 1963 ) and housewife Elen Sødal ( 1885 – 1966 ) .	Sing
He chaired the sports club Akademisk BK from 1952 to 1959 and became an honorary member .	Sing
In many schools , linguistics is considered a sub-discipline of anthropology .	Sing
For work such as this , he is considered by James F. Hamill as " ... a leading theoretician in cognitive anthropology . "	Sing
Taplin married Martha Burnell ( died 1901 ) on 28 February 1853 .	Sing
He then joined the Indios de Mayagüez of Liga de Béisbol Profesional Roberto Clemente .	Sing
While there are many queens in a given nest , the number of queens usually doesn 't surpass around 30 .	Sing
The company won TechCrunch Disrupt 2012 with their product UberConference .	Sing
Heist mainly focusses on women ’ s wear and unisex wardrobe pieces .	Plur
That year he joined ACT UP .	Sing
On 25 July 1882 he married Edith Meek in Sydney .	Sing
Having transferred to the seat of Wynyard in 1904 , he contested Yass in 1913 as the candidate of the Country Party Association , but was defeated .	Sing
Sometimes called a legless skink , it has tiny reduced limbs .	Sing
Stars included Judi Dench , Cyril Cusack , Diane Cilento , Diana Rigg , Ian Richardson , Lee Grant , Milo O 'Shea and Margaret Whiting .	Sing
In 1895 he married Mabel Bryce ; they would have six children .	Sing
The reptiles and frogs of the Eastern Highlands of Zimbabwe and Mozambique mark a biodiversity hotspot for herpetofauna .	Sing
Walter Camp placed Vowell on his All-America third-team .	Sing
His colleagues included Lucian Blaga , Andrei Oțetea , Dumitru D. Roșca , Horea Teculescu and some fifty others .	Sing
He helped Bălan establish several series of religious books that appeared at Sibiu .	Sing
He led not only his archdiocese but guided the Orthodox from the Maramureş , Oradea and Sibiu dioceses who fell under Hungarian rule .	Sing
" P. japonicus " has a pronotum with sparse , minor punctures .	Sing
Subordinates forage for food while dominants refrain from foraging in the event of the need to replace the foundress .	Sing
In fact , some workers never perform abdominal wagging .	Sing
If the foundress disappears , the highest ranked-worker will increase their abdominal wagging , but still wag less than the foundress .	Sing
Ecuador has entered one triathlete to compete at the Games .	Sing
Denominations include Seventh-day Adventist , Catholicism , and Protestantism .	Sing
However her father , " Windy " Blake detests Dodo and wishes Penny to marry someone of her own social standing .	Sing
Hessler Court in Cleveland , Ohio , known for its Hessler Street Fair , likewise maintains its Nicolson Pavement for historic reasons .	Sing
The second chapel on the left has a " Nativity " by Vincenzo da Pavia .	Sing
Hindwings may show darker banding .	Sing
If her bidding sometimes appears orthodox , or a little too conservative , her card play and defence are of the very highest quality .	Sing
She also competed as Juanita Skelton .	Sing
The band released their debut album " Transmissions " on July 8 , 2014 .	Plur
On November 4 , 2016 , Starset announced their upcoming album " Vessels " , which was released on January 20 , 2017 .	Plur
Alkonost returns Marya to the world of men where she arrives home to find Ivan dying of starvation in their old house .	Sing
In 1899 , the Museum of Krefeld bought the painting " Lever du lune " .	Sing
In 1894 , Victor Gilsoul married fellow artist Ketty Hoppe .	Sing
In September 2014 , SIVVI.COM launched American Apparel .	Sing
had won the bidding for the Guwahati-based franchise .	Sing
On 25 May 2015 , 8 coaches of Rourkela Jammu Tawi Muri Express derailed near Athsari , on Mughalsarai-Kanpur section around 1 : 40 pm in afternoon .	Sing
Ana Rich released her first single " Duplo Golo " in 2010 .	Sing
After one year of cooperation , five singles , she left Funky G at the end of 2012 and continue her career as a solo singer .	Sing
They are regularly signing consignments for more than 6,000 tonnes of raw cashew nut from Guinea-Bissau etc .	Plur
Following his call for early elections , Bahçeli met Erdoğan a day later on 18 April .	Sing
On 27 January 2019 , PBB officially endorsed Jokowi .	Sing
The Aceh Nanggroe Party - which controls 3 of the 81 seats in Aceh 's provincial council - also endorsed Jokowi in January 2019 .	Sing
In another section , Jokowi attacked Prabowo over former corruption convicts endorsed to run in the legislative election by Gerindra .	Sing
Consequently , these regions require rapid sowing , harvesting , transport and storage , all of which increase the costs of the operation .	Sing
In particular , the Stella Alpina Rally saw its first commemoration in June , 30th 1984 .	Sing
This design creates a smoke-like vapor that delivers nicotine .	Sing
In 1880-1 Davis found the Great Bath and in 1884 – 6 the Circular Bath , both Roman .	Sing
The film stars Ambareesh and Lakshmi in the lead roles , along with Jagathy Sreekumar , Adoor Bhasi , Nedumudi Venu and Hari .	Sing
She too learned Mohiniyattam and the house was filled with music .	Sing
He even insulted Namboothiri saying he is only fit for teaching low caste students .	Sing
Professor W. A. Lambeth of Virginia selected Gooch for his All-Southern team in 1914 .	Sing
In late June 1917 Beynon left Winnipeg and moved to New York City .	Sing
Females with long colony cycles could also replace a reproductive as an egg layer on the former nest as well .	Sing
VIII , the SCR-720 used a helical scan instead of spiral .	Sing
This provided a 150 degree scan in front of the aircraft .	Sing
It replaced the side-to-side scan with a spiral-scan system largely identical to the one in the Mk .	Sing
In 2013 , the Government of India honoured Balwant Thakur with the fourth highest civilian award , Padma Shri .	Sing
While playing at a college party , Winkler met Hanson and Garvey and shortly thereafter the three formed Hinder .	Sing
For some years he published his schoolbooks for himself in Paternoster Square .	Plur
In 2013 , Johnston founded the Neal A. Maxwell Lecture Series in Political Theory and Contemporary Politics .	Sing
The law , they said , effectively obstructs many black and Hispanic citizens from voting .	Plur
The player can also choose a caddie as well .	Sing
Some models had a red bullseye in the center .	Sing
Johann used the Veste as a residence from 1499 .	Sing
While some systems have adopted the American Janney coupler , others retain the British buffer and hook ( buffer and chain ) coupler ( see above ) .	Sing
In 2017 , the company was named an " Innovator Worth Watching " by The Christensen Institute .	Sing
" Fatty Gets a Stylist ( album )	Sing
Fantasy Records in Berkeley , California , re-released " Safe in Their Homes " .	Sing
Ruffini married Elise ( Lizzie ) Weitz and they had three children .	Sing
Shri Paramahans Dyal Ji attained Nirvana in July , 1919 after transferring succession of the seat to Swami Swarupanand ji .	Sing
The official organ of this group was a weekly newspaper published in New York City called " The Socialist . "	Sing
The Sisters of St Joseph Whanganui received the Decree of Fusion with the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart on 22 February 2013 .	Sing
He did his MBBS from VSS Medical College and Hospital , Burla , Sambalpur , Odisha in 1997 .	Sing
The pair encounter an accomplished aviator ( Sue Carol ) in flight school at a local airport .	Sing
On September 24 , 1939 , at 5 PM , " Terukuni Maru " departed Yokohama on her 25th voyage to Europe .	Sing
Electrophysiological results indicate contextual stimuli could suppress or enhance neuron firing rates , cause broadening or sharpening of orientation tuning widths , and shifts in preferred orientation .	Plur
The skiers may use a long chairlift to the ski area .	Sing
Maine has state preemption of firearms laws .	Sing
In " Bard Quest " , Hussie provided choice hyperlinks in a choose-your-own-adventure format .	Plur
This represented a step-up from previous adventures which exclusively used GIF images for animation .	Sing
Appointed " Sardar " of Chişinău , he rebuilt the counties of Lăpuşna , Orhei and Soroca .	Sing
Examples include SDSS J104807.74 + 005543.5 and EGSD2 J142033.66 525917.5 .	Plur
Soliman also delivered impassioned monologues to camera , calling for peaceful protests to continue across the country until Assad was overthrown .	Plur
In 1660 a large fleet under Johan van Dam bombarded Makassar .	Sing
The Palme d 'Or was won by the French-language film " Amour " directed by Michael Haneke .	Sing
After , the route leaves Colfax , and the surroundings transition to a rural environment .	Sing
For propagation , see " Roscoea " § Cultivation .	Sing
Meanwhile , Gemini meets Manisha Natwarlal ( Namitha ) and falls in love with her .	Sing
Then in the climax , Gemini tricks the Kumaraswamy to kill Ladda .	Sing
They use divergent thinking to conceive creative and radical ideas .	Sing
In 2006 , effing press made his chapbook , " Whole Milk " .	Sing
Larrabee left Missoula in 1868 to return to Ohio at about the time his father died .	Sing
Zhu Yuanzhang , better known as the Hongwu Emperor , proclaimed the Ming in 1368 .	Sing
For the second time in my life , language becomes the arbiter between me and others .	Sing
Upon graduation , he joined the Malaysian Judicial and Legal Service in September 1974 .	Sing
The old man sends Umer Din a letter that his sister is safe and unviolated and sends her safely back to Pakistan .	Sing
The playback singers included Zubaida Khanum , Inayat Hussain Bhatti , Saleem Raza and Naseem Begum and Sain Akhtar .	Sing
Over time , Monley achieved fluency in the Swahili language and became an expert on East African cultures .	Sing
Pratt was granted patent GB586817 ' Improvements in Board Games ' on 1 April 1947 .	Plur
This sounded the death knell for the centuries-old Kosal state being eclipsed and ruled by the Oriya speaking people .	Sing
The museum does not offer financial appraisal or evaluation .	Sing
The design won " Grand Champion Ultralight " at AirVenture in 1991 .	Sing
The first clear recorded use in Britain was when Edward III besieged Berwick in 1333 , where it was used alongside mechanical siege engines .	Sing
Ponnambalam joined the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK ) in February 2011 , beginning a career in politics .	Sing
The top structure uses a mesa to avoid a sharp curvature of the " p- " region next to the adjoining " n- " layer .	Sing
Generally speaking , for usual current levels in forward bias , this capacitance far exceeds the depletion-layer capacitance .	Sing
The painter always signed briefly STO .	Sing
He hired architect Clem H. Meyer , who had designed Huntsville High School in Scott County , Tennessee .	Sing
Euphrosyne married Theodore Svetoslav of Bulgaria at the court of Nogai Khan , to where he was sent by his father as hostage in about 1289 .	Sing
The husband of Euphrosyne left obscurity in 1298 or 1299 , when he , accompanied by his brother-in-law Chaka , invaded Bulgaria .	Sing
It literally means " Widow Mazzei " .	Sing
The seed coat tightly encloses the endosperm and its surface is finely grooved longitudinally .	Sing
Like other members of Corsiaceae , " Corsia " species lack chlorophyll and are thus incapable of photosynthesis .	Sing
These beetles usually have a metallic green or bluish color with orange margin along the edges of the elytra and a rugose surface .	Sing
Riisa Naka also voiced the protagonist Makoto Konno in the 2006 anime adaptation , which followed a different story .	Sing
Kazuo tells Akari of his history with her mother .	Sing
He employed Freer as assistant editor : she was also a substantial contributor under her usual pseudonym " Miss X " .	Sing
The new donuts they 're gonna get stale someday too and this is exactly what I did not want happen when I send that email . "	Sing
In 2010 , Xavier 's Tu Holloway received a technical foul for throwing an elbow late in UC 's 66-46 win . < br >	Sing
With 18.6 seconds remaining , Tu Holloway scored a layup to give the Musketeers the 76-53 lead .	Sing
Xavier 's Michael J. Graham called the brawl " unsportsmanlike " and apologized to Xavier 's fans and " the entire Cincinnati community . "	Sing
Tu Holloway also apologized for post game comments saying , " Myself , I used the wrong choice of words .	Sing
Yet shortly before Ramadurai died , Ramadurai whispered " Parvathi " multiple times in his bed , it irked Ponnazhagi .	Sing
Rowther then adopted Rajadurai and Parvathi disappeared .	Sing
Equally , some of the failings of the IPCC in its early forms , and its predecessor , demonstrate the failings of imbalanced hybrids .	Plur
On December 10 , 2011 , Pérez defeated Fernando Castaneda by fourth round technical knockout for the interim WBA light welterweight title .	Sing
On May 6 , 2013 , Solis defeated Kohei Kono by twelfth round majority decision to win the WBA Super Flyweight title .	Sing
He also managed ÍA Akranes and ÍBV	Plur
An earthwork about long on a north – south axis ascends the Chiltern escarpment in Crowellhill Wood .	Sing
They also added a vestry on the north side of the church .	Sing
Avis and Effie Hotchkiss , mother and daughter from Brooklyn , New York , were pioneering motorcyclists .	Plur
Early in his career , he became a cleric of the Apostolic Camera .	Sing
On January 21 , 1495 , he was elected Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals .	Sing
The growing Sino-Soviet split of the 1950s and 1960s allowed the PRC to get US support , and to return to the international scene in 1971 .	Sing
Chinese access to international oil markets has satisfied the country 's immediate thirst .	Sing
In response , Carthage designated Hamilcar Barca , the Carthaginian chief of Sicily in 247 BC to concentrate his forces elsewhere on the island .	Sing
Their method involves the hydrolysis of magnesium germanide using hydrochloric acid .	Sing
In liquid ammonia , digermane undergoes disproportionation .	Sing
Generally , digermane is primarily used a precursor to germanium for use in various applications .	Sing
+ Luthi portrays Ling Ling in season 1 , Chew in season 2 .	Sing
All parties viewed Stockton as the key battleground for control of California 's multimillion-dollar agricultural industry .	Sing
They called the film " a liberating ' fuck you ' , a surprisingly serious and decelerated undead Armageddon . "	Sing
The Melbourne Cup winner also collects a gold trophy and presentation rug .	Sing
In 2009 , she was crowned Miss Uttarakhand 2009 .	Sing
Further in-depth investigative work later connected Stephani to the murder of Simons .	Sing
Carnegie left Torbay on 12 May 1811 , bound for Madras and Bengal .	Sing
On 29 August 2012 , Emilios joined Olympiakos Nicosia on a season-long loan deal from APOEL .	Sing
These features of the show had heightened the anticipation for this particular interview .	Sing
Anadia lost its president António Simões in a car crash on 20 November 2009 .	Plur
Film critic Komal Nahta commented , " Sabbir Khan does a fine job as director . "	Sing
The area of Thembuland proper includes present-day Mthatha , Mqanduli , Ngcobo , Mjanyana , Dutywa and Willowvale as well as their surroundings .	Sing
He concludes : " Absurd and magnificent , The Garments of Caean is Bayley at the peak of his considerable powers . "	Sing
Leanne Choo , nicknamed Choo , Choobuka and Cheanne Loo , was born in Adelaide , South Australia .	Sing
In 1951 , the company was renamed VEB Kranbau Eberswalde .	Sing
The Treuhandanstalt ( the government responsible for privatising concerns owned by the East German government ) sold Kranbau Eberswalde GmbH in 1994 to Vulkan Kocks GmbH .	Sing
Osborne led Premonition into the straight , where it soon became apparent that he was travelling much more easily than his better fancied stable companion .	Sing
In their book " A Century of Champions " , John Randall and Tony Morris rated Premonition an " average " St Leger winner .	Sing
With FAS , Carrillo reached the Clausura 2013 final , but they were defeated 0 – 3 by Luis Ángel Firpo .	Sing
MADE.COM opened its Ninth Floor Showroom , in Notting Hill during London Design Festival 2012 .	Sing
In 2016 , he won the Political Commentator of the Year Award at The Comment Awards .	Sing
Later , they invite Lissa to join their club .	Sing
After a difficult childhood due to his abusive father and death of his friend and charge Ivan while he was off duty , he becomes a recluse .	Sing
In Bloodlines , he kills a Moroi defending Lissa , and is tried for his actions .	Sing
The Optimus L7 runs Android 4.1.2 Jelly bean .	Sing
and hence " f " satisfies the following generalization of the Schwarz-Pick inequality :	Sing
The vegetation consists of deciduous forests , especially teak .	Sing
In January 2000 , he registered in the parliamentary faction " Unity " in the State Duma .	Sing
The Colonial Athletic Association added Northeastern from the America East Conference and Georgia State from the Atlantic Sun Conference .	Sing
In geometry the Gossard perspector ( also called the Zeeman – Gossard perspector ) is a special point associated with a plane triangle .	Sing
Canexus owned the hydrocarbon transloading service terminal for the oil and gas industry located in Bruderheim , Alberta .	Sing
Officially , Ponce has 31 barrios ; this is according to local , insular , and federal governments .	Plur
Geographically speaking , Ponce has nine barrios that border neighboring municipalities .	Plur
The municipality has 18 rural barrios .	Plur
Ponce has nine barrios that border neighboring municipalities .	Plur
Ponce has five barrios that face the Caribbean Sea .	Plur
These five make up the municipality 's coastal barrios .	Plur
Two of these — Canas and Capitanejo — are also bordering barrios .	Plur
Up until the end of 1995 , INL maintained NRC and DOE versions of the code in a single source code that could be partitioned before compilation .	Sing
Working fluids allow single-phase , two-phase , and supercritical applications .	Sing
The inner door of the south porch has a lintel partly carved with dog-tooth decoration .	Sing
Empowered Investor , Upham and Goolsby also were ordered to cease and desist from engaging in any practice involving securities or financial services business in North Carolina .	Sing
He faced Democratic nominee Deb Butler in the general election on November 6 , 2012 .	Sing
His resignation followed the revocation by the secretary of state of his registration as an investment adviser , and his consent to the order .	Sing
In his extensive studies on avian retroviruses , Vogt discovered oncogenes that play important roles in human cancers , e.g .	Plur
The LIC absorbed 154 Indian and 16 non-Indian insurers and 75 provident societies .	Plur
In 1999 Jesse Vest co-founded the band Tantric with Hugo Ferreira and fellow former members of Days of the New : Todd Whitener , and Matt Taul .	Sing
Þór Akureyri hired Hrafn as their head coach before the 2004 – 2005 season .	Sing
On 23 March 1970 , she recovered a Navy LCM that had been abandoned in the Chesapeake Bay .	Sing
The lead sponsor for 2012 is Cutty Sark Blended Scotch Whisky , who introduced the Cutty Sark Award for the overall winner of TPOTY .	Sing
In August 2012 , Corona Labs introduced Corona Enterprise which allows developers to integrate any native Objective-C and Java library .	Sing
Over 300,000 developers have used Corona SDK , including the 14-year-old creator of the Bubble Ball game for iOS and the 84-year-old creator of Dabble .	Sing
I dunno if we played The Specials , but that 's what we were listening to . "	Plur
The first track was originally titled " Travolta " .	Sing
They frequently covered Billy Squier 's " The Stroke " .	Sing
Within the BNP , Tyndall and Jordan established a paramilitary wing called Spearhead , which angered Bean and other party members .	Sing
They expelled Tyndall and Jordan , who went on to establish the National Socialist Movement and then the international World Union of National Socialists .	Sing
He never gained any mainstream political respectability in the United Kingdom although he proved popular among sectors of the British far-right .	Sing
Tyndall briefly left the NLP , and in his absence Bean and Jordan merged their respective groups into the British National Party ( BNP ) in 1960 .	Sing
On Jordan 's release , Dior left Tyndall and instead married Jordan in October 1963 .	Sing
According to Tyndall , " the Greater Britain Movement will uphold , and preach , pure National Socialism " .	Sing
This allowed Tyndall to take control as party chairman in 1972 .	Sing
Griffin expelled Tyndall from the party in August 2003 , but had to allow his return following an out-of-court settlement shortly after .	Sing
Walker described Tyndall as being " very close to his mother " , with whom he lived until 1977 .	Sing
He was appointed honorary aide-de-camp to His Excellency the Governor-General in 1909 .	Sing
These usually had directly heated thoriated filament cathodes that glowed like light bulbs .	Plur
Originally this formed three open loggias , but Soane glazed the arches during his lifetime .	Plur
Dance was a founding member of the Royal Academy and doubtless encouraged Soane to join the schools there on 25 October 1771 as they were free .	Sing
In December the Earl introduced Soane to Thomas Pitt , 1st Baron Camelford , an acquaintance which would lead eventually to architectural commissions .	Sing
The Earl persuaded Soane to accompany him to Naples , setting off from Rome on 22 December 1778 .	Sing
On the way they visited Capua and the Palace of Caserta , arriving in Naples on 29 December .	Sing
Next he visited the Certosa di Padula , then on to Eboli and Salerno and its cathedral .	Sing
Later they visited Benevento and Herculaneum .	Sing
Back in Rome they visited the Palazzo Barberini and witnessed the celebrations of Holy Week .	Sing
Leaving Palermo from where the party split , Stuart and Bowdler going off together .	Sing
They visited the Villa Farnese , then on to Siena .	Plur
Then Florence where they visited the Palazzo Pitti , Uffizi , Santo Spirito , Florence , Giotto 's Campanile and other sites .	Sing
In July 1783 he bought a grey mare that he stabled nearby .	Sing
In January 1835 Tarring asked Soane to remove Fred , who was staying out late often in the company of a Captain Westwood , a known homosexual .	Sing
Having caught a chill , Soane died in 13 Lincoln 's Inn Field at half past three on Friday 20 January 1837 .	Sing
Put differently , the group PSL ( 2 , R ) acts on the upper half-plane H according to the following formula :	Sing
The principal congruence subgroup of level 2 , Γ ( 2 ) , is also called the modular group Λ .	Sing
Note that Γ ( " N " ) is a subgroup of Γ ( " N " ) .	Sing
As of 2016 , the BTP has 362 PCSOs .	Plur
PCSO Sykes then detained Docherty who was then arrested and later imprisoned after trial .	Sing
These species include the blackpoll warbler and Bicknell 's thrush .	Sing
Terminated by NBC , he joined the Encyclopedia Britannica in 1959 , becoming a vice president and writing and editing many books before retiring in 1982 .	Sing
David Halberstam writes in his book " The Fifties " :	Plur
During the latter appearance , Van Doren made one allusion to the quiz scandal without mentioning it by name :	Sing
She defeated second-seeded Arantxa Sánchez Vicario in the semifinals and came from a set down to defeat top-seeded Steffi Graf in the gold-medal match .	Sing
These results propelled Capriati back into the top 20 for the first time since April 1994 .	Sing
She reached the semis of Berlin , defeating world No .	Plur
It also brews Tuborg , Kronenbourg , Somersby cider , Russia 's best-selling beer Baltika , Belgian Grimbergen abbey beers , and more than 500 local beers .	Sing
In a thank-you letter Churchill called the drink " Commemoration Lager " .	Sing
For the British market Carlsberg called the drink Special Brew and production was started in Northampton in the 1950s .	Sing
We already mentioned continuous posets and algebraic posets .	Plur
Adding even further completeness properties one obtains continuous lattices and algebraic lattices , which are just complete lattices with the respective properties .	Plur
Cusack 's mother and her partner , Breifne O 'Rorke , joined the O 'Brien and Ireland Players .	Sing
Cusack married Cunningham following his first wife 's death .	Sing
Dublin Bus routes 7b and 145 connect Shankill with the city centre .	Sing
He dismissed the conservative adviser Arai Hakuseki and he began what would come to be known as the Kyōhō Reforms .	Sing
And so , he gathered smiths from " daimyō " fiefs for a great contest , in 1721 .	Plur
Toshiyuki Nishida portrayed the adult Yoshimune in the James Miki series .	Sing
After eight years of being a leading right wing blog , LGF started condemning racism and the far-right ( especially the Belgian party Vlaams Belang ) .	Plur
The website now uses MySQL .	Sing
His older brother , Tokugawa Ietsuna , became shogun .	Sing
In 1691 , Engelbert Kaempfer visited Edo as part of the annual Dutch embassy from Dejima in Nagasaki .	Sing
He was given the Buddhist name Joken 'in ( 常憲院 ) and buried in Kan 'ei-ji .	Sing
Modern family members include the troubadour Ole Paus and his son , the composer Marcus Paus .	Sing
Several family members have used the spelling " de Paus " abroad in the late 19th and early 20th century .	Sing
Quranists reject the hadith and follow the Quran only .	Sing
In 1661 , at age 34 , he became the " daimyō " of the Mito han .	Sing
At publication , it covered the isle of Vvardenfell and allowed the player to join three of the Great Houses .	Sing
Injuries plagued Griffey , who hit .306 with 11 homers and 46 RBIs in his best season with the Yankees .	Sing
The International Building Code permits a mezzanine to have as much as one-third of the floor space of the floor below .	Sing
Keelung City voted one Democratic Progressive Party legislator to be in the Legislative Yuan during the 2016 Republic of China legislative election .	Sing
In the 1990s , Jump starred in a short-lived revival of " WKRP in Cincinnati " entitled " The New WKRP in Cincinnati " .	Sing
In April 2011 , Foxx voiced the cartoon canary Nico in the movie " Rio " .	Sing
When RCA Victor found out that Biltmore were making unauthorized reissues of material originally recorded by Victor , they sued Biltmore , putting Biltmore out of business .	Sing
Nonetheless , personal friendships and adolescence still defined Brassens in his teens .	Plur
A year after he arrived in Basdorf , Brassens was granted a ten-day furlough .	Sing
Mushnick tricks the robber into thinking that the money is with the plant , which crushes and eats him .	Sing
The plant then employs hypnosis on Seymour and commands him to bring it more food .	Sing
" It won 't be a musical " he told Bloody Disgusting in reference to the Frank Oz film from 1986 .	Sing
In addition , each hotel receives a " Merit % Score " to enable comparison of hotels with similar star ratings .	Sing
Hotels that are deemed to stand out may also receive a " Red Star " " AA Inspectors ' Choice " award .	Plur
Abbott posted the fourth lowest Earned Run Average in the American League ( 2.89 ) while pitching 243 innings .	Sing
When preparing to pitch the ball , Abbott would rest his mitt on the end of his right forearm .	Sing
For example , Bank of America subsidiary MBNA offers an Eco-Logique MasterCard for Canadian consumers that rewards customers with carbon offsets as they continue using the card .	Sing
This caused the FTC to realize they needed new clear enforceable standards .	Sing
Thus , Soviet perceptions of the West left a strong undercurrent of tension and hostility between the Allied powers .	Sing
These would become the main bureaucracies for US defense policy in the Cold War .	Plur
Both sides were selling armaments to gain influence .	Plur
In 1953 , President Eisenhower 's CIA implemented Operation Ajax , a covert operation aimed at overthrowing the Iranian prime minister , Mohammad Mosaddegh .	Sing
The central government responded by launching airborne and seaborne military invasions of rebel strongholds Padang and Manado .	Sing
Around June 1977 , Somali troops occupied the Ogaden and began advancing inland towards Ethiopian positions in the Ahmar Mountains .	Sing
Additionally , the CIA encouraged anti-communist Pakistan 's ISI to train Muslims from around the world to participate in the jihad against the Soviet Union .	Sing
These issues prompted Gorbachev to investigate measures to revive the ailing state .	Sing
An image posted on the legal gossip blog Underneath their Robes shows Kozinski with a law clerk draped around him .	Sing
Other notable gazelles include the rhim gazelle and dama gazelle .	Sing
Egypt , under Muhammad Ali and his successors , conquered Nubia in 1820 – 22 , founded Khartoum in 1823 , and conquered Darfur in 1874 .	Sing
Spain captured present-day Western Sahara after 1874 , although Rio del Oro remained largely under Sahrawi influence .	Sing
Mar-Keys member Steve Cropper replaced Moman as Stewart 's assistant and A & R director .	Sing
Because the room was imbalanced , it created an acoustic anomaly that was audible on recordings , often giving them a big , deep yet raw sound .	Sing
Forced to choose between his sister and his vice president , Stewart asked Axton to step down from the company .	Sing
CBS Records President Clive Davis saw Stax as a means for CBS to fully break into the African-American market and successfully compete with Motown .	Sing
Porter left Stax in 1979 , and the label 's new releases slowed to a trickle .	Sing
In 1949 , KMB bought 20 Daimler double-deckers from England , becoming the first operator of double-deckers in Hong Kong .	Plur
His prestige has obscured their vulgarity and commercialism .	Sing
For instance , representational phrase structure grammars assume NP , e.g .	Sing
Construction Grammar and Role and Reference Grammar also assume NP instead of DP .	Sing
The a-examples show the determiners dominating the nouns , and the b-examples reverse the relationship , since the nouns dominate the determiners .	Plur
In so doing , the NP " the car " becomes a DP .	Sing
Only the DP-analysis shown in c establishes the parallelism with the verb chain .	Sing
In contrast , the DP analysis destroys the parallelism , since " his " becomes head over " love " .	Sing
TR -3 PL .3 SG	Sing
In 2007 , she played Jezebel Ogilvie in Channel 4 's " Cape Wrath " .	Sing
It has lighting 1,200 lux .	Sing
He married Rosario Larraín Rojas and had nine children .	Sing
After the Battle of Maipu , he became an ardent independentist and joined the Conservative party .	Sing
After his renunciation , the Jain legends state Rishabhanatha wandered without food for an entire year .	Sing
Jain chronology places Rishabhanatha in historical terms , as someone who lived 10 （ 16,310,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 ） of years ago .	Sing
The sudden death of Nilanjana reminded Rishabhanatha of the world 's transitory nature , triggering him to renounce his kingdom along with his family and material wealth .	Sing
He became an ascetic on the ninth day of the month of " Chaitra Krishna " ( Hindu calendar ) .	Sing
Hancock invited Kitchell to join him on tour , to sing in his band , in support of the record for the following year .	Sing
At the upstream end , visitors can ride the seasonal aerial tram at Pipestem Resort State Park to reach the bottom of the gorge .	Sing
They venerated the Prism and built a high altar upon it .	Sing
In November 2010 , Mark contracted viral Pneumonia and was off the air for two months because of sick leave .	Sing
This would send Froggy to Midwest , and competitor KBVB ( BOB 95 ) back into the hands of Ingstad .	Sing
It also eats the occasional insect larva , with larger fish observed to consume insects more frequently .	Sing
In 1973 he met guitarist Robben Ford and toured the U.S. and Europe as part of Jimmy Witherspoon 's band .	Sing
Bob Mintzer eventually joined Yellowjackets .	Plur
In early 1999 , William Kennedy departed Yellowjackets and Peter Erskine joined the group for remainder of the year .	Plur
On March 18 , 2008 , the FCC ordered Triad to terminate its JSA to operate KEGK within 90 days .	Sing
Captain America advises Weapon H to take up Dario 's offer so that he can be Captain America 's soldier on the inside .	Sing
For many years , KQWB-FM aired the " Alternative Feed " on Sunday evenings .	Sing
The first mechanism involves modulation of gene expression , whereas the second is through the induction of mutations .	Sing
To this day , fans of the band continue to call it by its real name , " Free Drinks and a Dream " .	Plur
Sample of a conversation between two people : " De kids vere over der in da woods , gettin inda dis an dat . "	Sing
These operations parried the thrusts by Japanese warships challenging Allied control of the area .	Plur
The man grabs the hypodermic that Deemer was preparing , knocks him out , and injects him with the contents .	Sing
Consider some subtleties that people are not consciously aware of .	Plur
Columba Krebs wrote the afterword .	Sing
Her most recent film credits include " Marked " , " " , " Nobody Needs to Know " and " The GoodTimesKid " .	Sing
He also serves as a contributing blogger for a political website , The Recovering Politician , and has written several books .	Sing
Jetton originally met the accuser while attending high school in Charleston Missouri .	Sing
Jetton attributed his failings to alcoholism , disconnection from his faith , and a lack of balance in his life .	Plur
By 1961 , Volkswagen had surpassed Willys-Overland to become the biggest producer of vehicles in Brazil .	Sing
He currently has a PB in the 400 m of 45.01 seconds .	Sing
Other magnetic tape artifacts include wow , flutter , saturation , noise , and print-through .	Sing
Secombe also played various Welshmen ( e.g .	Sing
In " The Macreekie Rising " he plays a dim Yorkshireman on guard at the Tower of London , using the name " Fred Nurke " .	Sing
Now to get the crocodile . "	Sing
In 1965 , The Uniques recorded " Not Too Long Ago " , the first national hit for Paula Records .	Sing
Recent releases include the F4U Corsair 50 ; 33 % Pawnee ; and BNF Taylorcraft 26cc .	Sing
The albums " 1987 " and " Who Killed The JAMs ?	Plur
Drummond and Cauty 's output as The JAMs and later The KLF extensively referenced " The Illuminatus !	Sing
Drummond then begs and pleads to Whitney for around ninety seconds before the first strains of her voice can be heard .	Plur
Davis ' offer reflected the upturn in Drummond and Cauty 's fortunes brought about by their decision to produce commercial music as The Timelords and The KLF .	Sing
Saud had left Riyadh and gathered supporters among the tribes of al-Hasa in the east .	Sing
Abdallah fled Riyadh and Saud proclaimed himself Imam in May 1871 .	Sing
South of Scotland League club Heston Rovers have shared Palmerston since 2013 .	Sing
Guest players for Queens in the 2 – 2 draw included Davie Irons , future managers Rowan Alexander and Ian McCall , Ted McMinn , Andy Thomson .	Plur
Jackson notably selected N Sync and Usher to open for the tour ; introducing both to the public during their early careers .	Sing
But the reason he gets strapped in is on this last tour , this guy grabbed my crotch .	Sing
Piccoli added the crowd 's " animated cheering " had been the most the arena had mustered in his experience .	Sing
In " At World 's End " , Ragetti uses the butt of a pistol as a club .	Sing
USS " Ouellet " was decommissioned on 6 August 1993 .	Sing
< poem > I exalt Thee , Lord and King ,	Sing
They adopted the maroon and white worn by Galway United and switched their home matches from Drom Soccer Park to Terryland Park .	Sing
After molybdopterin is eventually complexed with molybdenum , the complete ligand is usually called molybdenum cofactor .	Sing
This station mainly serves Lakewood , and the neighborhoods around the Fort McPherson Military Base .	Sing
National countered the Dobro with its own single resonator model , which Dopyera had designed before he left the company .	Sing
Single resonator models used a wooden " biscuit " at the cone apex to support the bridge .	Sing
Johnson has also produced resonator ukuleles and mandolins .	Plur
Tony advises his " capos " and soldiers not to get involved in the New York feud .	Plur
Other motivations for long distance travel by automobile include visitation of relatives , who may live far away , or relocation of one 's permanent living space .	Sing
It features Youssou N 'Dour singing a part at the end of the song translated into his native Wolof .	Sing
The Bulldogs added a ninth-place showing at the NCAAs .	Sing
Iron Man leads the Freak back to his laboratory , but runs out of power and collapses .	Sing
In 2011 , she played the duchess of York in Richard III .	Sing
She played Lavinia Mannion in the 1978 PBS adaption of " Mourning Becomes Electra " .	Sing
The founders of the team were the Barcelos-born cousins Cândido Augusto Sousa Cunha and Simplício Cândido Monteiro de Sousa .	Sing
Upon hearing this , Trim began an odyssey that would last for more than 40 years .	Sing
The LSMRR was given the accolade " Best Train Ride " by the St. Paul Pioneer Press ( May 18 , 2003 )	Sing
He married Letitia Paget , daughter of William Paget , 5th Baron Paget , and had three children :	Sing
Using the caddy , it is possible to scan the situation before hitting the ball with an analyzer .	Sing
Camp authorities characterized the alleged spitting as an " assault " .	Sing
Bring down the thunder from out the sky	Sing
In 2009 he published " Abstract Expressionism and the American Experience : a Reevaluation " .	Sing
After joining the 10th legion , he commanded a Century .	Sing
On September 29 , 1972 , Murofushi married Serafina Moritz , a javelin thrower who competed internationally for Romania .	Sing
Both of their children , Koji Murofushi and Yuka Murofushi , are retired Olympic hammer throwers .	Plur
The film won Best Cinematography of the Year and a Special Achievement in Filmmaking Award for the opening 3D title sequence from the Giant Screen Cinema Association .	Sing
Main publications include " Acta Palaeobotanica " , and the " Polish Botanical Journal " .	Sing
On 22 July 1960 , the Argentinean government declared Levavi " persona non grata " .	Sing
Past winners include Merton Miller , Steve Strongin , Burton Malkiel and Aleksander Radisich , and Robert D. Arnott and Ronald J. Ryan .	Sing
2008 signaled a shake-up of sorts for Britton Plaza .	Sing
Henry often quips during live gigs that " I recorded my version as a tango , and she recorded hers as a hit " .	Plur
In February 1928 , Oswald Garrison Villard , editor of " The Nation " , sent Beals to Nicaragua to write a series of articles .	Plur
In addition , Bingham has illustrated paperback , game , and magazine covers .	Sing
His journey of life began on a ship that headed from Constantinople ( now Istanbul ) to Piraeus , between them two youngsters , Eftalia and Nikos .	Sing
雞 Rooster may also mean Chicken .	Sing
She was such a heavy smoker ; she was like a basso profundo " .	Sing
Lundin married Christa Friedlander in 1961 and had three children ; two sons and a daughter .	Sing
Microfossils include ostracods and dinoflagellates .	Plur
Other marine vertebrates included the small mosasaur " Taniwhasaurus antarcticus " , previously known as " Lakumasaurus antarcticus " .	Sing
And also at University of Texas , he completed an M.B.A .	Sing
Charan married Gulab Kanwar and became Patwari after marriage .	Sing
He promoted Bhakti in general , trying to eliminate conflicts between Saguna and Nirguna types .	Sing
Because Peng had secretly joined the Chinese Communist Party he instead kept his unit passive and began to organize local Communist Party branches .	Sing
The B-side of " Grandad " , " I Play The Spoons " , also received considerable airplay .	Plur
Kuyucu praised Erdem Kınay for his work on the new songs but claimed that none of the new pieces were able to make him excited .	Sing
The terrorist then shoots Tetsu , causing the bus to make a sudden stop .	Sing
Several months later , Shingo meets Tetsu again .	Sing
Then in 2002 Ojeda joined Peruvian Second Division side Unión Huaral .	Sing
Then in 2003 he joined Peruvian Second Division side Olimpico Somos Perú , where he played the 2003 , 2004 , and 2005 seasons .	Sing
Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Development replaced all old VDCs and Municipalities into 753 new local level body ( Municipality ) .	Plur
In January 2011 , Guidileye joined Stade Brestois 29 , but remained on loan at Troyes until the end of the season .	Sing
Menon edited The Hindu till 1905 when he founded " The Indian Patriot " .	Sing
Menon antagonised both the extremists as well as the British establishment and devoid of support , he was forced to sell his newspaper to meet expenses .	Plur
The ads warned that Prop .	Sing
In 1931 and 1932 he won the Coupe Michelin long-distance flying competition flying the Lorraine Hanriot LH.41 / 2 aircraft .	Sing
On 9 April , he made his CSL debut in a 1 – 1 away draw against Nanchang Hengyuan in the second round of the season .	Sing
First Command had targeted and sold more than a half million complicated and often extremely expensive PPPs to servicepersons .	Plur
As of 2006 , First Command informed the NASD that it has ceased selling PPPs .	Sing
He made his Tiger-Cats debut in Hamilton ’ s 20-18 victory over the Edmonton Eskimos at Commonwealth Stadium in Edmonton on September 22 , 2006 .	Plur
In 1961 , she married Herbert Sandler .	Sing
Miller joined Emelec by loan on the summer of 2013 .	Sing
The church also contains a chalice made of brass and tombac donated by Plečnik , and a silver chalice donated by Vovk .	Sing
They then met Hawthorn again in the preliminary final , which they won by just four points to advance to the grand final .	Sing
Richardson then gathered the crumbs and cleverly eluded an opponent , before snapping a terrific right-foot goal .	Plur
Brian Gottfried defeated Eddie Dibbs 6 – 3 , 5 – 7 , 8 – 6 , 6 – 0	Plur
In 1701 , he married Françoise du Vivier ( she died in 1723 ) .	Sing
While Germany had given the Soviets Bessarabia in the secret protocols , it had not given them Bukovina .	Sing
La Tierra de La Bañeza has four minor comarcas :	Plur
After this , Nathan leaves Leyla alone .	Sing
When he returns home , Nathan tells Natasha that if she doesn 't help prove his innocence , he will report her to the police himself .	Sing
Nathan later tells Natasha that he can 't cope with lying to Maisie any more and considers telling her the truth .	Sing
The following day , Nathan tells Natasha he is looking forward to seeing Ryan get imprisoned and she is relieved to have him on her side again .	Sing
Cain summons Maisie to the barn and when Nathan sees her , he begs her to help him .	Sing
Nathan visits Maisie at Faye 's house and convinces her to visit Natasha in prison .	Sing
When Maisie visits Natasha and demands the whole truth , Natasha cover for Nathan and does not tell Maisie of his involvement in framing Ryan .	Sing
Nathan attends Natasha 's sentencing and is horrified when she is ordered to serve a minimum term of 21 years by the judge .	Sing
Cain confronts Maisie in The Woolpack and he taunts her that Ryan is innocent .	Sing
Cain brings Natasha and Will to the barn and walks in just as Maisie is about to hit Nathan .	Sing
Maisie demands Natasha to explain , just as Will enters the barn and overhears her confession .	Sing
Nabi played in all seven of Afghanistan 's matches for the tournament , scoring 108 runs and taking 10 wickets , the second-most for Afghanistan in each .	Sing
Jurca , a Henschel Hs 129 pilot in World War II started homebuilding with the construction of a Jodel .	Sing
In 1788 , he married Geneviève Fortin , a relative .	Sing
Fortin generally supported the Parti canadien and then the Parti patriote and voted in support of the Ninety-Two Resolutions .	Sing
Tom Okker defeated Arthur Ashe 6 – 3 , 2 – 6 , 6 – 3 , 3 – 6 , 6 – 4	Sing
In 1863 he married Lucía Durán .	Sing
In 1880 he founded " Escuela Práctica Médico-Militar " ( predecessor of the Escuela Constitucionalista Médico Militar ) of which he was the primary leader .	Sing
Carlton , after their win in the Qualifying Final , defeated Collingwood by 20 points in the Second Semi-Final to advance to the Grand Final .	Sing
The recipient must consult the originator if wider dissemination is required .	Sing
For the general history of court valets or grooms see Valet de chambre .	Sing
He represented Missisquoi in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1830 to 1834 .	Sing
In 1818 , he married Lavina Barnes , his cousin .	Sing
In 1914 , the University of Madras appointed Krishnaswamy Aiyangar to the chair of the Department of Indian history and archaeology .	Sing
Rangwasa hosts a mela ( fair ) celebrating the garba , a traditional dance form performed during Navratri .	Sing
He represented Missisquoi in the Legislative Assembly from 1829 to 1834 .	Sing
It connects Plumstead in the north with Welling in the south , passing through East Wickham .	Sing
For the history of traditional local government in India and South Asia , see panchayati raj .	Sing
He represented Mégantic in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1832 to 1834 .	Sing
These features made it a carrier-graded H.323 gatekeeper suitable for commercial operations .	Sing
In 1790 , he married Catherine Leduc Saint-Omer .	Sing
Ducharme married comedian Bernadette Pauley in 2005 .	Sing
The Swiss confectioner also baked sweet pretzels and occasionally there was entertainment on the roof terrace .	Plur
Before killing Franky , the escaped Kalle unexpectedly appears at Keek ’ s door and demands his money .	Sing
At the airport , while trying to fetch the money , Keek and Andy meet both Kampmann and Kalle .	Sing
At the cocktail reception after the game the referee asked Nomis : " ' Did I give you enough time ? '	Sing
In the semi finals , Beşiktaş defeated Gaziantepspor with 3 – 0 and 2 – 2 scores , thus earning a berth in the final .	Sing
He became the first alumnus of the modern incarnation Edmonton Oil Kings to play in the NHL .	Sing
The Gilgit Scouts left Skardu and pushed on into Ladakh , while the Bodyguard , with the help of artillery , took the Kharpoche Fort within weeks .	Sing
The structure consists of three sections , all of them rectangular in shape .	Sing
The counts of Dassel held Schöneberg as a fiefdom from circa 1220 to 1273 .	Sing
The Philadelphia Inquirer has also honored Bernstein with its Citizen Hero Award .	Sing
In 2003 , the Philadelphia Inquirer honored Bernstein with its Citizen Hero Award .	Sing
Conductors he has worked with include Steuart Bedford , Charles Peebles , Jane Glover and Richard Mills .	Sing
He constructed the 100 pillared mandapa in Kanchipuram Sri Varadharaja Perumal Temple .	Sing
He also renovated various Shrines of the said temple .	Plur
It can use virtually any command-line OCR engine as back-end and features auto-detection and auto-configuration for all popular free engines .	Sing
In this mode OCRFeeder uses the default OCR engine , which the user can set in the application 's preferences .	Sing
There , he married Adelheid Kitzin the same year .	Sing
By winning the title , she became the first American skier to win two gold medals at the same Olympics .	Sing
In 2009 , he joined Ecuadorian side Olmedo , in which he played 28 matches and scored 7 goals .	Sing
Broadway hosts have included Sarah Stiles , Bobby Steggert , Natalie Weiss , and Andrew Kober .	Plur
On hearing this , Aaron Spelling attacked Kenworthy and effectively ended his career .	Sing
Michael cites Shawnee Smith , with whom he co-starred in the 1988 movie " The Blob " , as his first crush .	Sing
Four other bronze statues of soldiers stand at each of the four corners : an infantryman , artilleryman , cavalryman , and sailor .	Sing
Under perfect conditions , the width of the dip can approach the natural linewidth of the transition .	Sing
SureAI won PC Gamer 's mod of the year award for Nehrim , which was also a contestant for best role-playing game .	Sing
The Burgundian Duke Hugues III founded a Sainte-Chapelle in 1172 .	Sing
The college adjoins the Tennessee Riverwalk , which follows the banks of the Tennessee River from the Chickamauga Dam to Ross 's Landing in downtown Chattanooga .	Sing
Both campuses offer a pre-kindergarten through high school program .	Sing
The Railway Gun commemorates the unique distinctive of Battery “ E ” , 42d Artillery C.A.C .	Sing
While at Arizona , he also led Tucson Ford Aquatics ( previously Hillenbrand Aquatics ) to several national team championships .	Plur
Murray left New Brunswick in 1803 and returned to the United States .	Sing
He did not allow the Inquisition to operate in Granada .	Sing
In buildings , they collect crumbs and the insect corpses found under lights .	Plur
In 1913 he co-founded the Franco-British Aviation ( FBA ) to build flying boats ( Fr .	Sing
She fought Stockport for the Conservatives in the 2005 general election .	Sing
In August 2009 , they announced Nicole Eastman ( The Ugly Truth ) as the screenwriter .	Sing
Leaving the MDP to concentrate on specialist armed policing operations such as those surrounding nuclear weapon security and movement ; or threats to critical national infrastructure .	Sing
An island becomes a make-believe galleon , with a pictorial map on the endpapers showing the island .	Sing
In fact , they found the tracing of an unnamed river to its source a most exciting adventure . "	Sing
" Rolling Stone " writer Jody Rosen commended its " salacious silliness " and compared Lloyd to recording artist R. Kelly .	Sing
After 69 league appearances , he left Northampton at the end of his two-year contract , moving into non-league football with Aylesbury United and Kidderminster Harriers .	Sing
This constituency covers the entire Mehgaon tehsil and part of Raun tehsil .	Sing
The rehabilitation , however , became real bodybuilding .	Sing
† Co-ed sports include fencing ( since 1990 ) , rifle , and skiing ( since 1983 ) .	Sing
Rebelling Mapuches were considered Christian apostates and could therefore be enslaved according to the church teachings of the day .	Plur
These products included suet , charqui and leather .	Sing
In their way back home they ambushed Martín García Óñez de Loyola and his troops that were sleeping without any night watch .	Sing
In 1600 local Huilliche joined the Dutch corsair Baltazar de Cordes to attack the Spanish settlement of Castro .	Sing
Other private label brands include Cabela 's , Remington , and John Deere .	Sing
In contrast , Liberty ensures safes are certified for both time and heat , mimicking the conditions of a true disaster more closely .	Plur
The company creates safes that bear the Underwriter ’ s Laboratory ( UL ) certification for Residential Security Containers ( RSC ) .	Plur
Android 3.0 " Honeycomb " was the first release with major elements of his design influence .	Sing
After the 1980 election , President-elect Ronald Reagan asked General Schriever to prepare position papers on space policy and defense for the incoming administration .	Sing
" Hungary-United States Operational Mentor and Liaison Team	Sing
Initially working under the pseudonym " Wiretree " , Kevin Peroni self-produced and performed the full-length album , " Bouldin " in 2007 .	Sing
The larvae probably feed on " Psychotria panamensis " , " Psychotria nervosa " and " Pavonia guanacastensis " .	Sing
A day later , the Rugby Football League cleared Hock to start training with the Warriors again .	Sing
Only the errant kicking boots of Pat Richards prevented the scoreline from being any higher .	Sing
That same year she raced the single scull at the World Rowing Junior Championships in Poznan , Poland .	Sing
Second in their heat , they won the repechage and in the final they were able to win the silver medal .	Sing
2010 – Eminem FT Rihanna " Love The Way You Lie " Part 2 – Guitarist	Sing
Wilfred Eastland Fuller ( 1900 – 1950 ) was an Anglican bishop .	Sing
A few of her publications include " The Psychological Make-up of a Suicide Bomber " and " The Psychopathology of Terrorism : A Cultural V spot . "	Sing
The company became a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index in 2013 .	Sing
In April 2011 , eOne acquired Australian distribution company Hopscotch for £ 12.9 million .	Sing
The reverse shows a faceted hexagon with a crowned royal cipher , inscribed with the years 1952 and 2012 .	Sing
Reid , along with Danny Fernandes and JRDN , joined Hedley on their Wild Live 2014 Canadian Tour , which began on February 14 , 2014 .	Sing
On July 10 , 2015 , Reid released a new single titled " Dangerous " , featuring The Heist .	Sing
Jeff Clark , an experienced education senior executive , joined Avenues in November 2013 as President and Chief Operating Officer .	Sing
The story in the film is based on very similar events the co-writer experienced during this period .	Sing
In October , Knox meets Raffaele Sollecito , an Italian student of computer engineering , at a classical music concert , and they start dating .	Sing
Police ask Knox to explain a text message that has been found on her cell phone .	Sing
Lawyers for Knox and Sollecito formally demanded that Lifetime abandon the production .	Sing
The film portrays Knox and Sollecito having a picnic in an attempt to establish a relationship .	Sing
The film also shows Knox , Kercher and Guede in attendance at a party featuring drug use .	Sing
The film depicts Knox , through the account of a roommate , telling the roommate that Kercher had suffered because her " throat was slit " .	Sing
The film portrays Knox and Sollecito sitting near each other and sharing shifty looks during the trial , when in reality they sat farther apart .	Sing
A delegation of fishermen of Andhra Pradesh met the hon .	Sing
For example , Ludu Daw Amar and Ko Ko Naing describe Ba Zaw as self-taught and maintain that he learned painting by studying from books .	Sing
It has an Elevation of 1004 m above mean sea level .	Sing
Lord Shiva blessed sage Markandeya by visiting here in the form of a Tiger .	Sing
She traps Brody in a lie about the confession video , and asks Brody when the last time he told the truth about something was .	Sing
Carrie asks Brody what Abu Nazir 's plot is .	Sing
Finn ( Timothée Chalamet ) takes Dana ( Morgan Saylor ) out on a date .	Sing
Born in Auckland , Tupou attended Pukekohe High School where he initially played rugby league before finally trying his hand at union in his senior year .	Sing
In 2008 it was produced a spin-off TV-series in 3D animation , " PsicoVip " .	Plur
Björkman left Gefle IF at the end of 2018 .	Sing
It stars Rajkumar and B. Saroja Devi in lead roles .	Sing
Pete Williams has spina bifida , and , at birth , doctors predicted a short life expectancy of only three weeks for him .	Sing
He finished twentieth in the men 's sitting giant slalom .	Sing
When she was younger , Zhou had dreamt of becoming a journalist , even a war correspondent who could venture into conflict zones .	Sing
An overseas production company had talent-spotted Zhou and subsequently signed her on to star in Adventure Girls .	Sing
Volavola can play as either a fly-half or full back .	Sing
Taking the pseudonym " Chris Jones " to avoid victimisation by his employer , Braithwaite had joined the CPGB by 1931 .	Sing
The Bulldog Hotel Silver Star also manages Silver Star Accommodation , the largest independent vacation rental pool on Silver Star Mountain .	Sing
It cost nearly 60,000 gold dinars , and was completed sometime between 1121 and 1132 .	Plur
Before the 2011 season , Nadji joined Norwegian club Lillestrøm .	Sing
Okosi identified three key strategic imperatives for driving the success of the channel .	Plur
The brand also won a ' Mobius ' for best new brand , selected from almost 5,000 entries from 36 countries , in 2010 .	Sing
Furnishings would include wood burning stoves , kerosene lamps , and hand cranked phonographs .	Plur
On 6 September 2013 , he joined Eskişehirspor on a three-year contract .	Sing
It produced pig and bar iron and during the American Revolution cannons , ballshot , and other military equipment .	Sing
Theus earned AP Honorable Mention All-SEC after the season .	Plur
The San Francisco 49ers selected Theus in the fifth round , ( 145th overall ) of the 2016 NFL Draft .	Sing
Small scale farming operations had to borrow from money lenders , usually middlemen involved in the rice trade or owners of rice mills .	Plur
Ants have colonised almost every landmass on Earth .	Sing
Yumeta Company absorbed Hal Film Maker and changed its name to TYO Animations .	Sing
Here he collaborated with Mathew Alpern , a physiologist in the Vision Research Laboratory at the university 's Medical School .	Sing
At its outset , Sandbox ran a startup Foundry that employed entrepreneurs and tasked them with researching and testing the viability of a startup concept .	Sing
In 1952 , both nations established diplomatic relations and that same year , New Zealand opened a diplomatic legation in Tokyo .	Sing
The following year , Japan opened a legation in Wellington .	Sing
Osawe made his Halle debut in the opening game of the season , in a 3 – 0 loss against Chemnitzer FC on 26 July 2014 .	Sing
The memory subsystem supports LPDDR2-1066 DRAM , increasing the theoretical memory bandwidth to 17 GB / s .	Sing
To the north the land descends to the actual Harz Foreland , to the south rises the Harz .	Sing
However , around 15 % of individuals with PD have a first-degree relative who has the disease .	Sing
He became an admirer of the Parsi British Indian political leaders Dadabhai Naoroji and Sir Pherozeshah Mehta .	Sing
The Western world not only inspired Jinnah in his political life , but also greatly influenced his personal preferences , particularly when it came to dress .	Sing
Jinnah gained great esteem from leading the case for Sir Pherozeshah , himself a noted barrister .	Sing
Before Tilak unsuccessfully represented himself at trial , he engaged Jinnah in an attempt to secure his release on bail .	Sing
Muslims of Bombay elected Jinnah , though then absent in London , as their representative to the Central Legislative Assembly in October 1934 .	Sing
Field Marshal Viscount Wavell succeeded Linlithgow as Viceroy in 1943 .	Sing
The British people returned Clement Attlee and his Labour Party later in July .	Sing
This Cabinet Mission included Cripps and Pethick-Lawrence .	Sing
Ahmed deems Jinnah " the most maligned person in recent Indian history ...	Sing
Even many Indian Muslims see Jinnah negatively , blaming him for their woes as a minority in that state .	Sing
It portrays Jinnah ( played by Alyque Padamsee ) in an unflattering light , who seems to act out of jealousy of Gandhi .	Sing
he will face former Congressman Francis Nepomuceno .	Sing
It connected 100,000 Gram panchayat , covering 300,000 villages by laying 300,000 km of optical fiber network .	Sing
The architecture uses passive ( unpowered ) optical splitters , reducing the cost of equipment compared to point-to-point architectures .	Plur
Founding members of the Plaintext Players include Ursula Endlicher , Joe Ferrari , Heather Wagner , Thessy Mehrain , and Adrianne Wortzel .	Sing
Other members who appeared in multiple performance series include Lise Patt , Marlena Corcoran , Cathy Caplan , Richard Foerstl , and Richard Smoley .	Sing
Finally , with no publicity or explanation , HKRI decommissioned The Bounty on 1 August 2017 .	Sing
Deciduous conifers of interest include dawn redwoods ( planted c . 1989 ) and European larch .	Plur
Influenced by the rising Arts and Crafts Movement , he founded the Moravian Pottery and Tile Works in his hometown in 1898 .	Sing
In 2012 she joined the telenovela " Sos mi hombre " .	Sing
This allows calculating approximate wavefunctions such as molecular orbitals .	Plur
The series ended on June 18 , 2004 , two-years before Irwin 's death .	Plur
Ida quickly befriends the " Sweethearts " managers , Terence Parker ( James Cromwell ) and his daughter , Rebecca ( Kathleen Rose Perkins ) .	Plur
He struck out Travis Ishikawa but allowed consecutive walks to Brandon Crawford and Blanco .	Sing
Lopez retired Moustakas to end the inning .	Sing
Herrera walked Gregor Blanco to put runners on first and second .	Sing
Herrera walked Hunter Pence to lead off the bottom of the seventh inning , but struck out Brandon Belt .	Sing
Joe Panik started the inning with a double to right-center , which knocked Vargas out of the game .	Sing
A groundout moved Panik to third , and he scored on a single to center by Pence .	Sing
Finnegan intentionally walked Posey to load the bases and set up a force play at any base .	Sing
Affeldt pitched a scoreless third inning , with excellent defensive help by Giants rookie second baseman Joe Panik on a key double play .	Sing
With the tying run 90-feet away Bumgarner faced Pérez who had the game-winning hit in the AL Wild Card Game on his resume .	Sing
He made his Corgoň Liga debut for Spartak Myjava against FC Spartak Trnava on 27 October 2012 .	Sing
He defeated Democrat Esteban Garces in the general election , 5767-4507 .	Plur
Hailing from Vardø , he joined Bodø / Glimt at the age of 14 .	Sing
Emily rejects Wilfrid , partly out of sympathy for her father , but they meet again , many years later , and are married .	Sing
Antonoff delivers a short , 20-second " Slash-type wailing " guitar solo , which appears over two and a half minutes into the song .	Sing
The new facility and its capacity will help Emergent meet the government ’ s security needs .	Sing
As a senior in 2005 – 06 , Miller led the Shockers to a regular-season MVC championship and an at large berth in the 2006 NCAA Tournament .	Plur
Together with the British author Roy Fitzimmonds , Johanna Kern wrote a novel based on her film " Shadowland : The Legend " .	Sing
Noted Intellectual Steals The Wacky Show " .	Plur
He attended New Japan Pro-Wrestling 's ( NJPW ) annual open try out test in May , 2009 .	Sing
The match saw Mikami and Tomoaki Honma lose to Tama Tonga and Captain New Japan .	Sing
Rey Cometa won the " Luchas de Apuestas " , two falls to one , to have all of Namajague 's hair shaved off after the match .	Sing
On October 13 at King of Pro-Wrestling , El Desperado unsuccessfully challenged Ryusuke Taguchi for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship .	Sing
Singapore has not ratified the CAT and thus is not legally bound to give effect to the Convention ’ s prohibition against torture in its domestic laws .	Sing
Spring in " Shimoshima Island " starts off mild , but ends up being hot and humid .	Sing
Ghana defeated Libya 7-6 on penalty kicks after regulation ended 1-1 with goals from George Alhassan for Ghana and from Ali Al-Beshari for Libya .	Sing
Their crews bolstered by sailors picked up from Jean Hamlin ’ s crew ( and possibly Joseph Bannister ’ s ) , the pair continued piracy .	Sing
In 1995 , Connell joined the Seldom Scene , playing guitar and singing lead vocals , and has remained with them since .	Sing
Manatí , Puerto Rico defeated Toccoa , Georgia in the championship game .	Sing
The released the single " Hothouse " in 2013 , before returning to the name Aly & AJ .	Sing
He died at his residence , " Sudbury " , Main Street , Lower Hutt , on 15 July 1934 , aged 83 .	Sing
He built a three-wheeled microcar in his spare time , which gained the attention of a local newspaper .	Sing
Both agencies upgraded Hato to a typhoon six hours later , despite its eye losing its structure .	Sing
Early on 23 August , the JTWC upgraded Hato to a Category 2 typhoon after its eye began to reform with a central dense overcast .	Sing
Six hours later , the JMA downgraded Hato to a severe tropical storm , then to a tropical storm .	Sing
The Monrovia-born attacking midfielder dominated the league with many assists and gave Mighty Barrolle to their first treble after many years .	Sing
Greenfield departed Liberia for a tryout with the Swedish club Carlstad United BK in 2010 and signed his first professional contract .	Sing
Her ancestors included cantors and religious teachers .	Plur
The living conditions of Jews became more and more menacing .	Sing
Initially , the Producer 's Council had asked Vadivelu to pay Rs 9 crore as compensation for the losses incurred because of his non-compliance .	Sing
Thumboo Chetty married Rajamma , daughter of Ponnoo Chettiar and Sinnammalle , Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Refuge , Pophan ’ s Broadway , Madras .	Sing
At 2 : 56 pm , the Soviet submarine was confirmed sunk by " Viscolul " , none of her crew of 38 survived .	Sing
The result of this engagement secured Mangalia for the rest of the Second World War , as no other Soviet warships were subsequently sighted near the port .	Sing
Chris Evert-Lloyd defeated Steffi Graf 6 – 4 , 7 – 5	Sing
On 3 September 2017 , Galway beat Waterford in the All-Ireland Final where they won their first title since 1988 .	Sing
Second-seeded Steffi Graf won the singles title and earned $ 29,000 first-prize money .	Sing
Interested in poetry and the voice , Killmayer composed more than 200 Lieder , including several song cycles .	Sing
In 1950 Samad joined the magazine Begum .	Sing
The train shares its rake with 55687 / 55688 Dullavcherra - Silchar Fast Passenger .	Sing
After his death , she married Philibert Gassot , known as Du Croisy , at Poitiers on 29 July 1652 .	Sing
Variant spellings of the name include Wi : lman , Wilmen and Wheelman .	Plur
In 1991 Rose 's agency made an advertizing billboard for Coca-Cola which was placed near the building of the Paveletsky railway station .	Sing
The diamond pattern on their backs can sometimes seem absent because of them blending into the skin , as in the grey- and brown-backed forms .	Sing
In July 2017 , Greenidge signed for Norwegian Eliteserien club Sogndal .	Sing
On 30 January 2019 , Greenidge joined 2. divisjon side Arendal on a two-year deal .	Sing
First-seeded Steffi Graf won the singles title , her second consecutive at the event , and earned $ 29,000 first-prize money .	Sing
Steffi Graf defeated Claudia Kohde-Kilsch 6 – 2 , 6 – 3	Sing
Warneke modeled his " Saint Alban " trumeau figure for the pier below it , and Morigi carved the figure in limestone .	Sing
One of the main activities of JASDF fighter squadrons is providing Quick Reaction Alert intercepts to Chinese and Russian aircraft nearing or violating Japanese airspace .	Sing
Windermere candidates forum at 94.7 The Pulse	Sing
Brownbill candidates forum at 94.7 The Pulse	Sing
Whereas more than eight out of ten articles had a foreign co-author in most countries in 2014 , the rate in Ivory Coast was 73 % .	Sing
It endorses the planned harmonization of investment laws in West Africa and suggests pursuing ‘ with vigour ’ the creation of a regional investment promotion agency .	Sing
Crying may elicit the Valsalva reflex .	Sing
He made his Ollywood debut with the film Sabitri in the year 1995 .	Sing
The first semi-final saw Farloe Melody defeat kennelmate Ardfert Mick before Super Gem provided a shock with a success over Coalbrook Tiger .	Sing
In February 1984 Klier met the songwriter Stephan Krawczyk .	Sing
The orchestra ’ s concert program included “ The Rhyme of Taigu ” by Pulitzer Prize-winning composer Zhou Long ; Piano Concerto No .	Sing
He stalks Sruthi for many weeks following her wherever she goes upon which she agrees to talk with him .	Sing
After he lands a job in a advertising company , he meets another woman Abhinaya who seems friendly with him .	Sing
At some point they were given smoke deflectors of the Witte type .	Plur
Werner painted Roon as if he would have been a participant at the proclamation .	Sing
He had won the Hackney Lead but had gone out early in the English Derby before attempting the Irish equivalent .	Sing
" , is a " pop-oriented " , " electronic-inspired " electropop and industrial pop song , with elements of tropical house , dubstep and trap music .	Sing
The Franciscans opened their first friary in Malta in Rabat , having arrived on the islands in 1492 .	Sing
He beat Emilio Puma Domínguez and Eric Steger in a playoff after finishing at 25 under par .	Sing
The win put Núñez in first place in the Order or Merit for that season .	Sing
The video co-starred " Grey 's Anatomy " actor Jesse Williams .	Sing
In 2005 , Crook joined Provident Financial as financial MD of its consumer credit division .	Sing
The approach uses a postage stamp-sized silicon DNA reservoir and injector .	Sing
Lyrically , " Cry Baby " shows Lovato singing about experiencing a dramatic romantic situation that alternates her solid personality making her a fragile person .	Sing
She became principal mezzo at the Royal Opera House in 1963 and made the first of several appearance at The Proms that same year .	Sing
" Ceres " reached Rio de Janeiro on 18 October and left on 22 October .	Sing
When Péron found out about this , he took Hadley with him as witness and met with Dorr to lay claim to the skins .	Sing
She reached Deptford on 6 March 1802 .	Sing
Fourth-seeded Bettina Bunge won the singles title and earned $ 18,000 first-prize money .	Sing
Paul Fussell has called Undertones of War an " extended elegy in prose , " and critics have commented on its lack of central narrative .	Plur
Under his influence Ibrahim Adil Shah then gave up un-Islamic practises .	Plur
He will remain a PCO but all of his powers have been taken away , including his right to vote within the party .	Sing
After the race Stoute said " We ’ ve become very fond of this horse .	Sing
ISIL created watchtowers and checkpoints within Baiji .	Plur
The Iraqi government and the Popular Mobilization Forces retook Baiji in October 2015 .	Sing
Thermal treatment or hydrolysis converts the lactone to sorbic acid .	Sing
The sporocarp has a conspicuous 1.5-2.2mm long raphe , about ⅔ the length of the sporocarp and semi-terete .	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Astronomer	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Animator	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Movie Maker	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Entomologist	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Meteorologist	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Marine Biologist	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Zoologist	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Egyptologist	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Paleontologist	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Astronomer	Sing
You Can Be a Woman Botanist	Sing
He achieved Ekushey Padak in 1995 by the Government of Bangladesh .	Sing
Post Visit Call Nurses ( PVCN ) are generally experienced Registered Nurses who call patients discharged from the various facilities .	Plur
By reducing re-admittance of index patients facilities may receive higher reimbursements from government agencies .	Plur
On 31 May 1943 Laudenbach married Hélène Reverdy ( 3 March 1921 – 2 March 2000 ) .	Sing
On 12 March 1970 he married Huguette du Vivier de Fay Solignac ( born 2 May 1928 ) .	Sing
He was awarded Ekushey Padak in 1985 and Bangla Academy Literary Award in 1983 by the Government of Bangladesh .	Sing
It served over 330,000 Cubans who fled the country for the United States during the Freedom Flights .	Plur
Blackman attacked Venis again after Venis ' match against Big Show on " Raw is War " on September 6 .	Sing
After a series of Knee Lifts , Venis hit Blackman with a Russian Legsweep .	Sing
Blackman punched Venis and tried to whip Venis but was whipped instead .	Sing
Henry followed with a Scoop Powerslam , a Clothesline and a Chinlock .	Sing
Jarrett applied a Sleeper Hold on Chyna and tried to hit a hurricanrana but was powerbombed by Chyna .	Sing
Jericho and Hughes attacked X-Pac until Road Dogg came out to rescue X-Pac from the two .	Sing
Austin attacked Bulldog with the chair and counted 3 for Triple H to make him the new WWF Champion .	Sing
Angle knocked out Chyna and Guerrero accidentally pinned her as he attempted to revive her .	Sing
At SummerSlam , Jerry Lawler defeated Tazz in a standard wrestling match .	Sing
After the match , Tazz attacked Lawler with a leather strap .	Sing
" , RTC helped Val Venis in defeating Rikishi .	Plur
After the match , Venis attacked APA and joined RTC .	Sing
Blackman pinned Funaki to retain the title .	Sing
Lawler attacked Tazz and beat him on , executing a Piledriver on Tazz three times .	Sing
Lawler dragged Tazz around the ring to touch the ring corners .	Sing
All the wrestlers attacked Blackman in attempt to pin him .	Sing
Holly successfully pinned Blackman to win the Hardcore Championship .	Sing
The champion Saturn was one of them and Blackman pinned Saturn to win the Hardcore Championship and tried to escape to the locker room .	Sing
Rikishi confronted Chyna and Guerrero took advantage by splashing Rikishi from the top rope .	Sing
At No Mercy , Los Conquistadores defeated Hardy Boyz for the Tag Team Championship .	Sing
On the June 21 episode of " SmackDown " , Perry Saturn discovered a mop during a match against Test for the WWF Hardcore Championship .	Sing
He carried the mop around with him for several months .	Sing
Bubba performed a Bubba Bomb on Matt , allowing D-Von to pin Matt to retain the title .	Sing
Undertaker performed a Chokeslam on Clark to retain the title .	Sing
Van Dam attempted a Five Star Frog Splash on Jericho but Jericho avoided the move .	Sing
Rock performed a Rock Bottom on McMahon and a Spinebuster on Booker .	Sing
Rock performed a Rock Bottom on Booker to retain the title .	Sing
Angle performed a Stone Cold Stunner on Austin for a near-fall .	Sing
Austin performed a Piledriver on Angle for a near-fall .	Sing
Austin attempted a Stone Cold Stunner but Angle countered into an ankle lock .	Sing
At No Mercy , Austin pinned RVD after a Stone Cold Stunner to retain the title .	Sing
On the October 11 edition of " SmackDown " , Jericho defeated RVD in a number one contender 's match for the WCW Championship .	Sing
At King of the Ring , Rikishi defeated Val Venis in the semifinal round match of the King of the Ring tournament .	Plur
After the match , Venis attacked Rikishi , further injuring him .	Sing
" , Venis defeated Rikishi , after interference by Tazz , to win the WWF Intercontinental Championship .	Sing
During the match , Malenko 's The Radicalz teammate Perry Saturn interfered by attacking Guerrero , causing Chyna to leave the ring and check on Guerrero .	Sing
After the match , T & A attacked the Hardy Boyz while Stratus whipped Lita with her leather belt .	Sing
Before the match started , Guerrero 's valet Chyna knocked down Saturn before chasing Saturn 's valet Terri out of the arena .	Sing
After a back and forth match , Guerrero eventually knocked Saturn outside the ring , who attacked Chyna outside the ring .	Sing
Rikishi eventually performed a " Banzai Drop " to get a near-fall .	Sing
Jericho eventually grabbed the sledgehammer and attacked Triple H in the ribs until both of them fell into a table .	Sing
Later that night , Edge and Christian defeated Hardy Boyz and Dudley Boyz in the first-ever Tables , Ladders and Chairs match to retain the title .	Sing
This match saw The Dudley Boyz ( Bubba Ray Dudley and D-Von Dudley ) defeated Edge and Christian and T & A ( Albert and Test ) .	Sing
The main event saw WWF Champion Kurt Angle defend his title in a Fatal-4-Way match against Rikishi , The Rock and Stone Cold Steve Austin .	Sing
Austin hit a Stunner on Rock but Angle broke up the count .	Sing
The second match saw The Godfather defeat Gangrel , following a Pimp Drop .	Sing
The following match saw The British Bulldog defeat X-Pac .	Sing
This match saw the champion Triple H defend his title against The Rock .	Sing
The Rock attacked The British Bulldog before eventually leaving over the top of the cage .	Sing
At Survivor Series , Kane defeated X-Pac by disqualification after X-Pac 's D-Generation X teammates interfered in the match and attacked Kane .	Sing
" , Ivory defeated Jacqueline and Luna in a Triple Threat Hardcore match to retain the WWF Women 's Championship .	Sing
" , Jacqueline defeated Ivory in a non-title first-ever Gravy Bowl match , with Miss Kitty serving as the special guest referee .	Sing
This angered Ivory and she attacked Kitty .	Sing
She challenged Ivory to an Evening Gown match for the Women 's Championship at Armageddon .	Sing
Kitty then stripped Ivory to win the match and thus became the new Women 's Champion .	Sing
In the end , Brown performed a Frog Splash , which he calls " Lo Down " , on Bulldog and attempted to pin him .	Sing
Venis then pinned Bulldog to win the match and thus became the new European Champion .	Sing
At Royal Rumble , Jericho defeated Chyna and Hardcore by pinning Chyna in a Triple Threat match to become the sole holder of the Intercontinental Championship .	Sing
As a result , Triple H and Benoit began feuding .	Sing
T & A interfered in the match and helped Stratus in attacking Lita , leading to APA make a run-in and rescue Lita .	Sing
This distracted Chyna and she started crying while Venis pinned Guerrero for the victory .	Sing
At Unforgiven , Chris Jericho defeated X-Pac .	Sing
This caused X-Pac to lose balance and crash down the ring .	Sing
Venis pinned Chyna to win the match .	Sing
Austin viciously attacked Rikishi and nailed him with several chair shots .	Sing
This angered Rock and he performed a Rock Bottom on Stephanie .	Sing
On the October 30 episode of " Raw is War " , Austin defeated Rikishi in a No Mercy rematch contested inside a steel cage .	Sing
At Survivor Series , Kurt Angle defeated Undertaker to retain the title , after interference by his legitimate brother Eric Angle .	Sing
Austin pinned RVD after a Stone Cold Stunner to retain the title .	Sing
After the match , Booker challenged Undertaker to a match at No Mercy .	Sing
Later that night , Stacy and Torrie managed Tazz and Tajiri for their match respectively .	Sing
On the October 1 edition of " Raw is War " , Tazz and Stacy defeated Tajiri and Torrie in a mixed tag team match .	Sing
After the contest ended , Stacy attacked Torrie .	Sing
Bradshaw pinned Kanyon after delivering him a Clothesline from Hell .	Sing
In the main event of Heat , Billy Kidman defended the WCW Cruiserweight Championship against Scotty 2 Hotty .	Sing
Hurricane and Storm double-teamed the Hardy Boyz for most of the match while the Hardy Boyz countered through their high-flying attacks .	Sing
Near the end of the match , Lita battled Ivory and Mighty Molly .	Sing
Jeff attacked Ivory but Storm attacked him from behind and applied a Canadian Maple Leaf .	Sing
The match became a catfight as both Divas viciously battled against each other .	Sing
Edge performed a Diving Splash across the ladder on Christian .	Sing
As the match started , Dudley Boyz dominated Tajiri until Tajiri got momentum by performing Kicks on Dudley Boyz .	Sing
Bubba Ray eventually performed a Bubba Bomb on Tajiri .	Sing
Tajiri applied a Tarantula , on D-Von but Bubba broke the hold .	Sing
Tajiri hit D-Von with an Enzuigiri and finished him with a Buzzsaw Kick for a near-fall .	Sing
Booker whipped Undertaker into the corner and hit him a Spinning Wheel Kick , sending him out of the ring .	Sing
Rock performed a Snap Belly to Belly Suplex and a Samoan Drop for a near-fall .	Sing
Moments later , Austin hit a Stone Cold Stunner on Angle and attempted a pinfall but RVD broke up the pin .	Sing
Back in the ring , Austin hit a Stone Cold Stunner on RVD and pinned him to retain his championship .	Sing
He later taught Abe no Seimei the art of onmyōdō .	Sing
The Klamath use the rootstocks as food .	Plur
The Ojibwe eat the corms for indigestion , and also as a food , eaten boiled fresh , dried or candied with maple sugar .	Plur
Murphy joined Millwall Lionesses as a 14-year-old after a chance meeting with Pauline Cope .	Plur
On 6 May , " Elk " and " Franchise " captured the " Hazard " .	Sing
" Elephant " had sent " Elk " to investigate a schooner .	Sing
Coghlan commanded " Elk " for nearly four years and during this time was also senior officer of a light squadron that protected the Bahamas .	Sing
During the " Fear Itself " storyline , Olivier attended the Devil 's Advocacy to talk about the Serpent 's actions on Earth .	Sing
Egypt joined the UPU in 1875 .	Sing
After conclusion of the treaty , Marquard further insulted Vytautas by attacking his murdered mother , Birutė .	Sing
Phillips told Graeme Kay from " BIG ! "	Sing
Phillips married Sy Milman on 21 September 2002 ; the couple had three children and they divorced in 2010 .	Sing
After the death of Préfontaine in 1905 , Laurier appointed Louis-Philippe Brodeur as Minister .	Sing
George S. Desbarats replaced François Gaudreau as deputy minister .	Sing
Barlingay attended the UNESCO Experts Meeting at ( Senegal ) as a delegate .	Plur
He began his professional songwriting and production career in 1996 working at Cosmos Studios together with Kent ( Gillström ) Isaacs and Bloodshy .	Sing
His notable pupils included Eugène Chartier , Calixa Lavallée and Alfred De Sève .	Sing
Dewey saw the CCF as an independent organization .	Sing
Hook saw the CCF as a means of undermining the popular front .	Sing
In 1951 , Hook reorganized the CCF into the American Committee for Cultural Freedom ( ACCF ) .	Sing
The Globe and Mail described Dark Pools as " the best book going on the issue . "	Plur
He joined Citibank in Indonesia in 1992 in the Consumer Banking department , becoming a vice president in 1997 .	Sing
These large scale PvP areas are called Arenas of Death and are available to players at maximum level and support up to 24 vs 24 gameplay .	Plur
By August 2012 the North American version of " Allods Online " had removed the Holy Charms which prevented the death penalty along with the penalty .	Plur
A month before his run-in with New Jack , he had wrestled Steve Corino in Baltimore .	Sing
They built a shanty and began clearing the land .	Sing
At the College , Paganucci joined the fraternity Kappa Kappa Kappa where he served as president .	Sing
Judah Friedlander portrays trucker hat-wearing staff writer Frank Rossitano .	Sing
Bill Wilson replaced Sowell for the 2004 season .	Sing
In 2013 , Dartmouth Men 's lacrosse posted another stunning upset against then # 9 Princeton , beating them 10-9 at Scully-Fahey field on March 13 .	Sing
In 1868 , at request of Governor Conrad Baker , the Coffins visited Indiana 's two state penitentiaries to report on their condition and recommend improvements .	Plur
However , by the early 1880s , divisions among the Quakers caused Coffin to reconsider her philanthropic activities .	Sing
Penn State left the ECAC following the 2009 season to join the CAA Conference in 2010 .	Sing
Penn State left the CAA in 2014 to join the newly formed Big Ten Conference starting in 2015 .	Sing
Penn State has played Rutgers more than any other school and since 1998 , Penn State and Rutgers have played annually for the Friendship Cup .	Sing
They beat Towson in the semi-finals , but lost in the championship to Maryland , 9-6 .	Sing
In the 1986 tournament , Rutgers defeated C.W .	Sing
Through Mandroid , Drago reveals Smith 's duplicity and fatally shoots Zimmer , then shoots Smith .	Sing
Senior officials in the Customs Undersecretariat called the Israeli statements tantamount to " complete nonsense " .	Sing
The four-member panel also included Álvaro Uribe , outgoing Colombian president , as vice chair , and one representative each from Israel and Turkey .	Sing
Ras Beirut X or Bain Militaire was originally called Sud Phare by its discoverer , Auguste Bergy .	Sing
The Levallois industry is nicknamed Golden Mousterian due to it having a yellow or gold colour and sheen .	Sing
Other tasks saw Kihn signing up to the National Rifle Association , learning kickboxing , screaming at colleagues and eating garlic bagels on public transport .	Sing
All three Baronets represented Carmarthenshire in Parliament .	Sing
She studied costuming , fashion design , and photography in Philadelphia and New York .	Sing
Karlsson adopted the moniker Bloodshy , and began working avidly on songwriting and producing with Winnberg as Bloodshy and Avant .	Sing
Galantis released the single " Gold Dust " on February 19 , 2015 through Stereogum , which reached number 1 on Hype Machine 's Popular Chart .	Sing
On March 4 , 2016 , Miike Snow released " iii " .	Sing
This comment sparked a firestorm of media comment .	Sing
Boyd and Hansen hired Poul Amaliel to play drums .	Sing
On July 21 , 2013 , New Politics performed " Harlem " at Guy Code Honors at Comic-Con .	Sing
Set 8001 carried a special headboard from late February 2016 to mark its scheduled withdrawn in March 2016 .	Sing
In 1755 he perfected an offset lathe that could turn oval forms .	Sing
He approached Guru ji Bharadwaj and explained his problems to him .	Sing
All should offer Pooja in the temple only .	Sing
On 14 February 1911 , Douglas married Georgina ( Ena ) Culley ( 1883 – 1959 ) , originally of Tirsogue , Lurgan , County Armagh .	Sing
Major cities and towns along route include Qiqihar , Fuyu , Keshan and Beian .	Sing
In 1994 another former institute joined the IAP which then extended its research purview to the entire atmosphere , from the boundary layer up to interplanetary space .	Sing
The main research topic areas currently include mesoscale , dynamical , and applied meteorology .	Sing
Clubs included Bellerive and Union .	Sing
Clubs included Montacute , Dennistoun , Ouse , Bothwell , and Ellendale .	Sing
Clubs over the ensuing period included Bridgewater , Broadmarsh , Kempton , Brighton , Bagdad and Bothwell	Sing
Clubs included Snug , Margate , and Kingston .	Sing
Clubs included Lindisfarne ( -1948 ) , IXL , Bellerive , Cambridge and Aikens .	Sing
Clubs included : Chudleigh , Elizabeth Town , Hagley , Meander , Mole Creek , Red Hills	Sing
Clubs included Derwent , Glebe Juniors , Lindisfarne and Rialannah ( Mt Nelson ) .	Sing
Clubs included Imperials , Lefroy Juniors , Cananore Juniors , and Bellerive .	Plur
Competing clubs included St Marys , St Helens and Union Rovers .	Plur
Clubs included Moriarty , Sassafras , Harford and Latrobe .	Sing
Competing clubs included Fingal and St Helens .	Sing
Clubs included : Cressy , Bishopbourne , Deloraine , Evandale , Hagley , Poatina , Perth , Westbury < br >	Sing
Clubs included Avoca , Campbell Town , Cornwall , Cullenwood , Fingal , Mathinna , Mt .	Sing
Clubs included Glenorchy , Claremont Flyers , Bellerive , Bridgewater , Montrose , Derwent Rovers and Granton .	Sing
Clubs included Derwent , Lenah Valley , Sandy Bay Rovers , and Glenorchy .	Sing
Clubs included : Collingwood , Empire , Derwent , North Hobart Juniors , Hobart Central , and Crescent " B " .	Sing
Clubs included Kettering , Kingston , Longley , Margate , Sandfly , Snug , and Woodbridge .	Sing
Clubs included Deloraine , Harford , Kingston , Latrobe Rovers , Railton , Sassafras , Sheffield , and Moriarty .	Sing
Competing clubs included : Lilydale , Lebrina , Karoola , Tunnel , Pipers River , Bangor , Nabowla , Scottsdale , Scottsdale Juniors and Bridstowe Rovers .	Sing
Clubs included : Lower Derwent , Lachlan , Plenty , Molesworth , Upper Derwent and Rosegarland .	Sing
Clubs included : Centrals , Railway , West , Marrawah , East Marrawah and Welcome Swamp Reclaimers .	Plur
Clubs included : Deloraine , Westbury Wanderers and Dunorlan .	Sing
Clubs included Deloraine , Exeter , Kings Meadows , Mowbray , Riverside , St. Leonards , Westbury	Sing
Clubs included : Hydro Electric , Public Works , Politax , Railways and Tasmanian Government Printers .	Plur
Clubs that competed in the competition included Nugent , Sorell , and Bream Creek .	Sing
Clubs included : Crescent , Excelsior and Brisbane Rovers .	Sing
Clubs included : Burnie Juniors , Boat Harbour , Flowerdale , Henrietta Rovers , Myalla , Rocky Cape , Seabrook , Wynyard Jrs , Yeoman & Yolla	Sing
Clubs included Beaconsfield , Beauty Point , Bridgenorth , Exeter , George Town , Hillwood , Karoola , Lilydale , Rosevears .	Sing
Clubs included Beaconsfield , Beauty Point , Bridgenorth , Exeter , Frankford , Rosevears , Rowella & Sidmouth .	Sing
The second Baronet represented Lismore in the Irish Parliament .	Sing
During her first season with Lyon , she injured the cartilage in her knee , which kept her out of competition for a year-and-a-half .	Sing
The government promptly launches the spore back into space , where it will circle the sun in an endless orbit .	Sing
In July 2012 , Boylan joined AFC Sudbury .	Sing
He painted the " Beheading of John the Baptist " for San Domenico at Cremona , and in San Francesco and Sant 'Agostino at Piacenza .	Sing
The gods eventually brought Baldr back to life , and Frigg declared that mistletoe would bring love rather than death into the world .	Sing
Some hold the superstition that failing to kiss someone ensures a year of loneliness .	Sing
USS " Heed " ( AM-100 ) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II .	Sing
.States are accorded a wide latitude in the regulation of their local economies .	Sing
Clearly triangles ACO and ADO are congruent right angled triangles , as are triangles BEO and BFO .	Sing
The Stealth won that tiebreaker and clinched their first western division title .	Sing
These spots often have a discolored , light center where sporulation can occur , and many have a yellow " halo " around the margins .	Sing
To reduce plant stress , a farmer can use herbicides to combat weeds but must be careful not to damage the plant in process .	Plur
Then follows elongation of the germ tube , whose apical section differentiates into a melanised appressorium .	Sing
People abandoned their pet parrots on the streets . "	Plur
from a ghetto suburb in Accra , Ghana called Nima .	Sing
Some other control options include tillage .	Sing
The fungus causes fusarium head blight on wheat , barley , and other grass species , as well as ear rot on corn .	Sing
Shredding of the pith may reveal small , round , black perithecia on the stalks .	Sing
Similar to wheat , infected spikelets show a browning or water-soaked appearance .	Sing
Warm soil can cause head blight to occur after emergence , and crown and basal culm rot can be observed in later plant development .	Sing
" Gibberella xylarioide " s ( Sexual form ) will make purple perithecia and ascospores , but resting structures are rarely found in the soil .	Plur
Past partners have included REI , eBay , Guayakí , and SustainableIndustries .	Sing
Two methods to accomplish this include deep tillage , and rotating to a non-host crop the year following an onion crop .	Sing
In this same study , the " M. phaseolina " isolate showed insensitivity to the active ingredients fluquinconazole , metalaxyl , thiram and tolyfluanid .	Sing
It attacks medicago sativa and has been found in Queensland , Australia .	Sing
PC joined the government-created Conrail in 1976 and the line was abandoned shortly thereafter .	Sing
Three days later , Claude Vorilhon met Yahweh Elohim for the last time that year on a Tuesday .	Sing
At the in March 1975 , Claude Vorhilon staged a purging of leaders which hampered his own creativity .	Sing
He then met the same extraterrestrial from his first encounter on 13 December 1973 .	Sing
The Quebec Association of Bishops called this " incitement to hatred " , and several school boards attempted to prevent their students from meeting Raëlians .	Sing
This fungus causes septoria tritici blotch of wheat , a disease characterized by necrotic blotches on the foliage .	Sing
These blotches contain asexual ( pycnidia ) and sexual ( pseudothecia ) fructifications .	Sing
Asci measure 11-14 × 30-40 μm .	Sing
It has no external velocity adjuster , so the gun must be taken apart to adjust it , either by cutting the spring or adding shims .	Sing
The new PGP has an external velocity adjuster , and a plastic feed cap that allows for quicker reloading time .	Sing
It causes Blue Mold of apples , one of the most prevalent and economically damaging post-harvest diseases of apples .	Sing
The fungus can also produce the mycotoxin citrinin .	Sing
Varieties particularly susceptible to " P. expansum " infection include McIntosh , Golden Supreme , and Golden Delicious .	Sing
It causes wet weather blight in cotton and it can be treated with systemic copper .	Sing
It causes stripe rust on wheat , but has other hosts as well .	Sing
Kalinik recognized the new autonomous Metropolitanate of Krušedol , thereby maintaining the unity of the Serbian Orthodox Church .	Sing
The oomycete helps invade and colonize the host by secreting cell wall degrading enzymes ( CWDEs ) this breaks down the plant cell wall .	Sing
It causes downy mildew on a vast number of cereal crops including oats , rice , maize , and wheat as well as varieties of turf grass .	Sing
All oomycetes , including " Sclerophthora macrospora " , produce oospores .	Plur
The oospores that survive over winter will then produce more sporangium in late spring .	Sing
The first prototype was designated S-3 Kania .	Sing
It can also affect woody ornamentals occasionally , usually on juvenile tissue .	Plur
These can include chlorosis , wilting , leaf drop , and death quickly follows .	Sing
It causes powdery mildew of hops .	Sing
Intense rain and wind periods that cause spores blown throughout the hop yard also prevent powdery mildew fecundity .	Sing
It produces a powdery mildew on members of the rose family .	Sing
Young lesions may have a yellow halo .	Sing
Due to these developments , Bellisario dubbed Season 4 " the season of secrets " .	Sing
" Chicago Tribune " asked Cote de Pablo ( portraying Ziva ) , who was visiting Israel when the crew changes were announced , about the situation .	Sing
Leaves will also undergo chlorosis , turning a pale green or yellow , and later show a red or purple tint .	Sing
The host tree will experience defoliation if the leaves are badly diseased .	Sing
The common names of this disease are stinking bunt of wheat and stinking smut of wheat .	Sing
On October 31 , 1929 , he was ordained a hieromonk and on December 3 he was raised to the rank of archimandrite .	Sing
Batman Petrolspor have produced Orhan Kapucu , a Batman native , and Ozan İpek , both capped by the Turkey national football team .	Sing
Following entry , the pathogen enters the xylem where conidia are spread throughout the host .	Sing
When the pathogen enters the plant , it clogs the xylem and cause key nutrients to not reach stems or leaves , which cause a wilt .	Sing
The largest and most commonly known ascomycetes include the morel and the truffle , however the polymorpha is an inedible variety .	Sing
During that time , Nedved racked up a club-record point-scoring streak .	Sing
The game also ended the club 's amazing 18-game home unbeaten streak ( 16 – 0 – 2 ) .	Sing
Former Stanford University head coach Jim Harbaugh replaced Singletary .	Sing
For the finals , season 2 winner Ruben Studdard remade Kenny Loggins ' " Celebrate Me Home " as the exit song .	Plur
The contestants also performed medleys of songs from that week 's theme .	Plur
See Idol Gives Back for the list of performances in that special episode .	Plur
Simultaneously he studied the ethnography and dialects of the Volga Tatars , being one of the first to investigate the Mishar dialect of the Tatars .	Sing
Malov taught Chagatai , Uzbek , Oirot , and other languages , as well as the linguistics of ancient Turkic monuments .	Sing
He joined the Israeli Communist party Hadash in 1967 and was detained along with other members of the party at the outbreak of the Six-Day War .	Sing
In 1991 , as part of the Disney Afternoon Avenue event , the Motor Boat Cruise became the Motor Boat Cruise to Gummi Glen .	Sing
Other members of the team Fraction chose include Cloak and Dagger , neither of which have had strong ties to any of the " X-Men " books .	Sing
This line initially also served Pelaw Main Colliery ( owned by J & A Brown ) & Heddon Greta Colliery .	Sing
Since she is made from stone , arrows cannot pierce her skin .	Sing
This structure irritated the Higher Beings because it came too close to their Upper World .	Plur
He subsequently joined the CMF , serving in the 57th / 60th Battalion , and was based in Heidelberg , in outer Melbourne .	Sing
Under our system , we will do the lurking . "	Sing
Serong departed Saigon the day prior to its capture , leaving by helicopter in the final airlift from the US embassy on 29 April 1975 .	Sing
A friend told Avi Klein of " Washington Monthly " : " He was sold on the guy from the beginning . "	Sing
Side one includes " 1961-64 The Spires " and " 1964-67 Facets . "	Plur
In 1932 , following his graduation at the Frunze Academy , Soviet Military Intelligence 's Fourth Directorate dispatched Braun to Harbin in Manchuria , China .	Sing
Avidyne has introduced a new attitude-based digital autopilot , the DFC100 , which can replace the rate-based STEC 55X autopilot in most Release 9 installations .	Sing
In 1852 , representatives of LDS Church president Brigham Young visited Bickerton and informed him that he must teach plural marriage .	Sing
Major nest predators include Australian magpies ( " Gymnorhina tibicen " ) , butcherbirds ( " Cracticus " spp .	Plur
These satellite operations provide additional news bureaus for KOB and sell advertising time to local sponsors .	Sing
The fishing masters use split pinewood ( 松割木 " matsuwariki " ) because it burns easily and brightly .	Sing
Popper married a fellow expatriate , Lina Billig , in 1942 .	Sing
Auchroisk , the name of the distillery , means shallow ford across the red stream in Gaelic , referring to the nearby Mulben Burn .	Sing
Clubs from the other major cities of Lappenranta , Imatra and Savonlinna have never reached the top-flight in football .	Sing
The architectural design in its original state included avant-corps at its corners , had restrained ornaments and a bright shiny colour .	Plur
Yakee A Dangerous Liaison being named Reserve Best in Show .	Sing
Reducing output power allows the transceiver to be used over shorter communication distances for longer battery life .	Sing
For terms , see : Morphology of Diptera . < br >	Sing
Frons have heavy silver-grey dusting .	Sing
For terms , see : Morphology of Diptera . < br >	Sing
Thakor Shri Ranmalji , the eldest of the seven sons of Meramanji , reconquered Rajkot in 1778 .	Sing
On 13 February 1814 " Boyne " engaged the French ship-of-the-line " Romulus " , for which Burlton was commended by Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Pellew .	Sing
On the voyage out the American sloops-of-war USS " Peacock " and USS " Hornet " mistook the 74-gun " Cornwallis " for a merchant ship .	Sing
For terms , see : Morphology of Diptera .	Sing
He co-founded Akers Sparebank in 1842 , chairing it from 1846 to 1865 , and in 1858 he co-founded Den norske Creditbank which he led from 1858 .	Plur
Stabell got Ludvig Kristensen Daa into newspaper employee in 1841 .	Sing
For terms , see : Morphology of Diptera . < br > Front tibiae are not dilated .	Sing
In 2011 the Little Theatre produced the Indian Pantomime show called " Alice in iLand " which was played in The Museum Theatre in Chennai .	Sing
For terms , see : Morphology of Diptera .	Sing
Kaginga assists sorcerers , but Bwami membership can protect an individual against the evil doings of witches .	Plur
The Uglies take Naismith to the future , where Naismith learns that most humans died during a plague .	Sing
Lee Barratt summarises the ep as a " good release of anger " and that all the band felt " particularly venomous when Wade joined " .	Sing
6131 Records released the ep in North America on vinyl record .	Sing
His specific legacies included £ 13 6s .	Plur
Rudy sets up Tanya for stealing the charity box from the community centre but after she is arrested , she escapes the police car .	Sing
For terms , see : Morphology of Diptera < br >	Sing
However , the CTA reopened Paulina a month later .	Sing
In February 1913 , he joined Airdrieonians for one game only , a Scottish Cup tie against St Mirren .	Plur
He secures firmly a parchment with his right hand and holds in his left a pen .	Sing
Baruch holds forth a parchment whose quotations are a synthesis of several passages of his book .	Sing
He wears a turban decorated with a brim similar to that of the prophet Jeremiah .	Sing
He wears a long cassock , buttoned at the waist , whose folds are gathered in his left hand .	Sing
With one arm raised , he condemns the oppressor .	Sing
" Lan Kwai Fong 3 " has Jacky and Jeana from the first movie along with a whole new group of friends .	Sing
McElnea placed Corr on a bench and offered what assistance he could but to no avail ; Corr died of his gunshot wounds before the ambulance arrived .	Sing
For terms , see : Morphology of Diptera .	Sing
On 21 September , the regiment captured Jenin and Sa 'sa ' , and entered Damascus in October .	Sing
For terms see Morphology of Diptera	Sing
Arboreal , but descends to visit flowers of white Umbelliferae , " Galium " , " Sorbus aucuparia " .	Sing
In 1899 at Ås in Hakadal he married Charlotte Elizabeth " Lizzie " Fearnley .	Sing
For terms see Morphology of Diptera < br > Wing length 7 · 25 – 9 mm .	Sing
Habitat " Fagus " and " Quercus " ancient woodlands , also in extensive parks in with overmature trees .	Plur
For terms , see : Morphology of Diptera .	Sing
" Boyd 's Blues " includes Dunlop on piano , backed by Sabu Adeyola on bass and Virgil Day on drums .	Sing
For terms see Morphology of Diptera < br >	Sing
Flowers visited include " Crataegus " , " Prunus " , " Salix " , " Taraxacum " and " Tussilago " .	Plur
The mine accessed seams found in the Denbighshire Coalfield .	Plur
Canby hires Denton as foreman of his ranch .	Sing
Polanský 's book " Manudictio sacerdotis ad com-modissime subeundum examen pro approbatione et jurisdictione " , printed in 1762 , was banned in 1769 .	Plur
He later joined Dundalk for the 1931 – 32 season but returned to Scotland in January 1932 with Morton .	Sing
Kerzner stated he planned to pursue his own solo projects and continue his work with his company , Sonic Reality .	Sing
Returning home on a high , she also ran a PB of 68 : 13 in the Great North Run .	Sing
where he played alongside future Hilal Al-Quds teammate Haitham Dheeb .	Sing
He joined Hilal Al-Quds in 2009 and was part of the side that won the 2011 – 12 Palestine Cup .	Plur
Sponsor Farm Frites had previously co-sponsored TVM .	Sing
Sponsor Domo joined Lotto to co-sponsor team Lotto-Domo , with Marc Sergeant as team manager and taking several riders with him .	Sing
She joined the Cochin Praja Mandalam after completing her studies and later joined the Indian National Congress .	Sing
He taught entomology to I .	Sing
His father was Maurice Lombard , Director of Studies at the Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes ( EPHE ) in Paris and colleague of Fernand Braudel .	Sing
The battle and resultant massacre comprised the first major standoff of the Second Hashemite-Saudi War .	Sing
Even before he took permanent residence at Dusit Palace , he would take his entourage cycling from the Grand Palace to the garden and back .	Sing
She had scruples against going to law , which afterwards made her an easy prey to her enemies .	Plur
Yury thus became a pretender and moved from Zvenigorod , his main residence , to Galich , to be farther from Moscow .	Sing
Vasily conquered Galich , and Yury openly joined his sons .	Sing
Indeed , Vasily gave Rzhev and Uglich to Dmitry Shemyaka and Bezhetsky Verkh to Dmitry Krasny .	Sing
Vasily Yuryevich plundered Veliky Ustyug and with the army went south again .	Sing
His Ph.D. Thesis was entitled " Employment Conditions of Blacks in the Coal Industry , 1900-1930 . "	Plur
During the summer of 1900 , John C. Churchill , Jr. visited Charity Shoal to survey and chart the outlying spur known as East Charity Shoal .	Sing
In addition , numerous smaller northeast-southwest trending linear features cut Charity Shoal Crater and cover the entire northeastern end of Lake Ontario .	Sing
This units represents poorly-stratified unconsolidated sediment that likely consist of sand and gravel .	Sing
It entails obedience to the First Commandment .	Sing
In 1986 , American Bob Bigelow founded BMC as an assembler and wholesale distributor of Raleigh bicycles .	Sing
In Germany , he assistant managed Hertha BSC and the reserves and professional squad of VfB Stuttgart .	Sing
Several days later , having completed his duties of caretaker , Widmayer left Hertha altogether .	Sing
Empress Wu commissioned the court architect Yan Liben to design the palace in 660 and construction commenced once again in 662 .	Sing
He was baptized Lutheran in Zippnow on 16 March 1902 .	Sing
It stars Eason Chan and Leslie-Anne Huff and was filmed in both Hong Kong and Los Angeles .	Sing
" , considers the categorization " a kind of sexual harassment of her work " .	Sing
He was a close associate of Former Shu 's founding emperor Wang Jian and held great power during Wang Jian 's reign .	Sing
This caused Wang Jian to be further suspicious of Wang Zongji .	Sing
Wang Jian therefore replaced Zheng with Pan Kang .	Sing
After triumphing , he morphs into modern day Ned Thacker ( also played by Fairbanks ) .	Sing
She , however , loathes her suitor ; she much prefers young Ned .	Sing
Once they are alone , Elsie kisses her rescuer .	Sing
He serves Beaver , Iron , and Washington counties .	Sing
In 2010 , she joined Perpignan in the second tier league " LF2 " .	Sing
She is also called Uta of Naumburg as the subject of a famous donor portrait by the Naumburg Master .	Sing
Margaret spent her 46-year-long widowhood in abject poverty .	Sing
He tells Sanchi to wear full clothes and Sanchi comes to tell him that who are you to tell me what should I wear .	Sing
His early exhibits included " The Canterbury Pilgrims assembled at the old Tabard Inn " .	Plur
Then shortly before Mrs. King 's death she again encouraged Mrs. Bagley to pick up the project once more .	Sing
Former Arriva Scotland West managing director Ralph Roberts joined McGill 's in March 2010 .	Sing
Following the purchase of Arriva Scotland West , modern vehicles inherited into the fleet included six Scania OmniLink , ten VDL SB200 / Wright Pulsar .	Sing
Citing his garment as evidence , Potiphar 's wife falsely accused Joseph of having assaulted her , and he was sent to prison .	Sing
In " Who 's Who " Marcon gave his recreations as golf , hockey , lawn tennis , and bicycling .	Plur
He married Rachel May Scarborough on 19 October 1910 at Glenelg .	Sing
It has a basic infirmary of attended by a paramedic .	Sing
He married Alys Noad , a musician , on 3 July 1926 at Ashfield ; that year he also served as mayor of Canterbury .	Sing
On 19 August 1941 he married Hansard stenographer Elizabeth Skelton in Sydney .	Sing
The Defensive team defeated the Offense , 39-13 , in a modified scoring game .	Sing
Stony Brook holds a ten-game winning streak over Pace .	Sing
Chris Horner sacked Essington and Dier recovered the ball for a 14-yard run to regain a 28-20 lead over the Seawolves for the rest of the quarter .	Sing
Since season 5 , the theme song has been Bleeding Fingers ' " Livin ' Outside the Law " .	Sing
In 1930 , Uzelac met Rosemarie da la Rayere , who was to become his permanent model and partner in life .	Sing
In 2011 , he released his first album " Confession " .	Sing
The court commanded the neighboring satraps , Autophradates of Lydia and Artumpara of Lycia , to crush the rebellion but Datames successfully resisted their attacks .	Plur
The village , founded by the refugees from Venafro , was first mentioned as Rocca Piperocii in the 13th century .	Sing
Tuck grew up with a love of martial arts , which he attributes to being from the culture of warriors , the Chamorros .	Plur
Tuck made his official promotional when he faced Zhang Tiequan on November 10 , 2012 at UFC on Fuel TV 6 .	Sing
Furthermore , Cyndi Lauper 's version of " Money Changes Everything " includes a melodica solo .	Sing
The mechanistic world-view assumes a causality underlying all natural phenomena .	Sing
Coblentz left RPI in September 2011 without public explanation , leading to speculation on the reasons for his departure .	Sing
According to Coblentz : " We don 't ' incubate ' or isolate .	Sing
In addition to collaboration on " The Age of Deception " , Coblentz assisted ElBaradei on op-eds and articles criticizing the Mubarak regime in Egypt .	Sing
These experiences had left Mirbeau embittered by memories of his humiliation and frustration .	Sing
Seguerra chose Neri , Mark Gregory King and Zibrille Pepito as potential protégés .	Sing
On 2011 , he joined Microdata Training as the Adobe Master Instructor for their Adobe Training programs .	Sing
BONZZO also got his First USPS Commemorative Stamp that day .	Sing
This rule includes shootouts , which were instituted after the aforementioned lockout .	Plur
Popular recreational activities in the area include cross-country skiing , snowmobiling , fishing , hiking , and hunting .	Sing
Smith had defeated Sandy Hull , who was acting-mayor since the death of mayor Doyle McNabb in April 2005 .	Sing
It contains the anus and , in females , the ovipositor .	Sing
The incident beam may excite an electron in an inner shell , ejecting it from the shell while creating an electron hole where the electron was .	Sing
Some English speaking armies do use the originally French term bombardier as a rank in artillery units .	Sing
During the High Middle Ages , it also comprised the northern Neumark and Uckermark areas as well as Circipania and Mecklenburg-Strelitz .	Sing
Despite this vassalage , Henry again sieged Demmin in 1177 when he allied with the Danes , but reconciled with the Pomeranian dukes thereafter .	Sing
Many towns with a burgh in close proximity had the duke level this burgh when they grew in power .	Sing
In 1266 , Barnim I married Mechthild , the daughter of Otto III , Margrave of Brandenburg .	Sing
Bogislaw made Wolgast his residence , thus the partition became known as Pomerania-Wolgast .	Sing
Yet , in 1440 Pomerania and Brandenburg invaded Mecklenburg , and in 1444 Brandenburg demanded from Pomerania to again hand over the Uckermark to her .	Sing
HM Ships " Tamar " and " Spey " will join the fleet in 2021 .	Sing
In October 1913 , Seely sent Macready to report on the police in Belfast and Dublin .	Sing
Bottomley persuaded Julius Elias , managing director of Odhams Limited , to handle the printing , but chaotic financial management meant that Odhams were rarely paid .	Plur
" He had personal magnetism , eloquence , and the power to convince " , wrote his " Daily Mail " obituarist .	Sing
The 2013 race ( renamed the Sprint Unlimited at Daytona ) introduced a new format incorporating the results of fan voting into certain aspects of the race .	Sing
Sara was born Mia Sarapochiello in Brooklyn Heights , New York , of Italian-American descent .	Sing
Driven further west by the Khazars and Cumans by 889 , the Pechenegs in turn drove the Magyars west of the Dnieper River by 892 .	Plur
In 1996 , Hounam founded Vision Paperbacks , of which he is the chairman .	Plur
The Hill family became the Earls of Hillsborough , then Marquises of Downshire .	Plur
He sought out the French general Jean-François Allard , who introduced him to the Maharaja .	Sing
In the spring of 1835 , Dost Mohammad , anxious to regain Peshawar , declared " jihad " on the Punjab and invaded the Sikh empire .	Sing
Some editions of this album included the " Machismo E.P. "	Sing
This entitled Robidoux to be listed on official rankings , although he could not play in most competitions .	Sing
The A3000T 's specifications closely resemble the horizontal-cased Amiga 3000 , but the motherboard has been heavily redesigned .	Sing
In 2007 , Andrews proposed the The College Cost Reduction and Access Act .	Sing
It ended up upside down , the engine was gone , all the wheels were out , the windshield , and the sheetmetal distinagrated .	Sing
In one of his pieces he makes an allusion to the partimen .	Sing
He also composed a pastoral idyll , which , though too long and inclined to obscenity , contains much tender description .	Sing
On 22 October 2009 he won the TCC Pro-Am by beating fellow Welshman Mark Williams 7 – 4 in the final .	Sing
In November 2011 , he entered the World Seniors Championships in Peterborough and came away with victory over Steve Davis in the final .	Plur
Every person registered in this database can request a free printout of his or her record .	Sing
Buddha then asks the Brahmin , " If we omit one of these qualities you just listed , could not one be still a true Brahmin ? "	Sing
The early Buddhist texts , for instance , identify some Brahmins to be farmers and in other professions .	Plur
In the 1940s several Yakovlev Yak-9s experienced delamination of plywood in their construction .	Sing
The tests measure flammability of materials and toxicity of smoke .	Sing
For the aforementioned ferromagnetic transition , the order parameter would represent the total magnetization of the system .	Sing
The posterior tip of each larva has a breathing siphon and a bulbous area known as Graber 's organ .	Sing
The Adersiinae have a divided tergite on the ninth abdominal segment , and the Scepsidinae have highly reduced mouthparts .	Sing
For complete and accurate account about Baggara tribes , see : " Baggara of Sudan : Culture and Environment " .	Sing
In addition to NASCAR , the track also hosted USAC and the Indy Racing League .	Sing
Researchers use hydrophones ( often adapted from their original military use in tracking submarines ) to ascertain the exact location of the origin of whale noises .	Plur
It has both Haudenosaunee and Non-Native American staff and volunteers .	Sing
The outer main-belt asteroid 4367 Meech , discovered by Schelte Bus at the Siding Spring Observatory in 1981 , is named in her honor .	Sing
They age slowly , remaining childlike in comparison to other races even when their bodies slow down .	Sing
Occasionally , patients have developed cholestatic hepatitis or delirium .	Plur
Pliva put its azithromycin on the market in Central and Eastern Europe under the brand name Sumamed in 1988 .	Sing
In 1904 , McLaughlin created " Canada Dry Pale Ginger Ale " .	Sing
However , in mid 1980 , Cooper forced USAC to renounce their agreement with the CRL if they wanted to keep officiating the Indy 500 .	Sing
The territory of the Cantabri encompassed probably present-day Biscay , Cantabria , Burgos and at least part of Álava and La Rioja , i.e .	Sing
It possesses a saline , mildly tart flavor .	Sing
They opened Palos Verdes for public inspection in June 1923 .	Plur
Somewhat recently , around the 1980s , Rancho Palos Verdes acquired Eastview , a formerly unincorporated neighborhood of L.A. County with a San Pedro ZIP Code .	Sing
Areas of commerce include historic Mediterranean Revival style Malaga Cove Plaza , the Promenade on the Peninsula .	Sing
They also do not have flywheels , clutches or transmissions , but the direct drive system can be engaged or disengaged from the cockpit .	Plur
Matheny and Leahy attribute osteoporosis in hens to this caging method .	Sing
Many productions , including those made in the US , do not advise AHA or SAG of animal use in films , so there is no oversight .	Sing
It further warns those attending bullfights to " be prepared to witness various failed attempts at killing the animal before it lies down . "	Plur
In 2003 , West Hollywood , California passed an ordinance banning declawing of house cats .	Sing
Furthermore , pomace may contain caramel , fruit , botanical substances , flavoring and flavoring preparations .	Sing
On Feb. 12 , 2010 , the State of Oklahoma honored one of its favorite sons , James “ Quick ” Tillis of Tulsa .	Sing
An alternative construction of trialities uses spinors in dimensions 1 , 2 , 4 and 8 .	Plur
Southeast Asians and Australian Aborigines consume the fruit raw with salt or cook it with curry .	Sing
Some early major midget car manufacturers include Kurtis Kraft ( 1930s to 1950s ) and Solar ( 1944 – 46 ) .	Sing
Other famous spa towns in the region include Františkovy Lázně , Mariánské Lázně , Lázně Kynžvart and Jáchymov .	Sing
Bell 's EP , titled A Reminder , was released on June 28 , 2011 .	Sing
The average monthly wage of employees in businesses based in the region reached 21,727 CZK ( EUR 780 ) in late 2013 .	Sing
Once finished , the d1 motorway will connect Brno with Ostrava and will cross the southern part of Olomouc Region .	Sing
Nathaniel 's Mouton vineyard received a second-growth ranking in the Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855 .	Sing
According to the Wolf River Conservancy , the Wolf River serves the Mid-South in four distinct ways :	Sing
In 2012 , the total GDP reached 7,538 million EUR .	Sing
He also asked the ROTC to leave the campus , after a resolution passed by the school 's Faculty senate .	Sing
Marking a serious departure in the expected technique developed previously , Chopin wrote this étude with a series of quick , dissonant minor seconds .	Sing
The effect has earned the étude the nickname " " Wrong Note " " .	Sing
Replaced the injured Fritz Wallner	Sing
In this episode , Spectrum launch a manhunt for Captain Black after a failed break-in at an atomic centre turns him into a radioactive source .	Sing
In 1833 , Sandy Township contained two gristmills , four saw mills , one fulling mill , and three stores .	Plur
" We pledge dear Alma mater " , < br >	Sing
All major air carriers have an " " ' AOG Desk " " .	Sing
Together with Yury Felshtinsky , Pribylovsky co-authored " The Operation Successor " , a book about Vladimir Putin 's rise to power .	Sing
( See : moral absolutism and religion ) .	Sing
Ralph Vaughan Williams included " Ah !	Sing
( See also : Origin and function of meiosis . )	Sing
Other species restore their ploidy by the fusion of the meiotic products .	Sing
A female may undergo facultative parthenogenesis if a male is absent from the habitat or if it is unable to produce viable offspring .	Sing
Lizards who act out the courtship ritual have greater fecundity than those kept in isolation , due to the increase in hormones that accompanies the mounting .	Sing
In 2011 , recurring shark parthenogenesis over several years was demonstrated in a captive zebra shark , a type of carpet shark .	Sing
In contrast to most of Brussels , Haren has been remaining nearly as much Dutch-speaking as French-speaking and has preserved a somewhat rural appearance .	Sing
She purchased a Blackburn Bluebird IV with a de Havilland Gipsy II engine from Auto-Auctions Ltd. in Burlington Gardens , London .	Sing
On 25 September 1930 , she named the aircraft " Bluebird " and took off on a round the world solo flight from Heston Aerodrome .	Sing
She also purchased a Bristol F.2 ( G-ACXA ) , and had it converted as a refuelling tanker .	Sing
In April 1974 , at age 78 , she test-drove a Ford Capri Ghia at at Thruxton circuit .	Sing
In 2006 , they released ‘ Gossip Diet ’ , which sold thousands of copies and garnered positive reviews .	Sing
In 2014 Snaith Delivered the 2014 Hanna Neuman Lecture to honour the achievements of women in mathematics .	Sing
Ballet Deviare 's performances to Celestiial 's music have also appeared on the MTV Two show " Headbangers Ball " .	Plur
East Brittany and Lower Normandy contains the Mancellian batholith which consists of intrusions of granodiorite and granite .	Sing
In 1970 she sang Ulrica in Verdi 's " Un ballo in maschera " at the New Orleans Opera with Plácido Domingo and Cornell MacNeil .	Sing
Costa-Greenspon portrayed Madame Flora , and Sal Mineo both directed and took the part of the mute , Toby .	Sing
He also purportedly taught François Xavier Bazin .	Sing
The two tracks following each of these tracks represent the b-sides that were included on each release .	Plur
In 1970 he married Marsha Goldstein , moved to San Francisco , and turned his talents toward the visual arts .	Sing
For places of interest in Sancton , see Market Weighton and North Newbald .	Sing
He asks Corday to confess , but Corday insists that he 's innocent .	Sing
Berrigan would rather warn Sandman off than kill him .	Sing
Alexander introduces Sandman to Lord Christopher Carne , the Earl of Avebury 's son .	Sing
Jack tells Sandman that someone has posted a large bounty on Sandman 's head , but he doesn ’ t know who .	Sing
Returning to the Wheatsheaf , Sandman finds Skavadale and Lord Robin waiting .	Sing
He respects Sandman as a soldier , and also has been captivated by Sally .	Sing
Sandman and Berrigan meet Corday at Newgate , where he draws them a portrait of Meg .	Sing
She challenges Sandman to explain why Skavadale would leave her alive if he was the killer .	Sing
The victims include a teenaged maidservant accused of theft , who dies screaming that she is innocent .	Sing
This heterocyclic compound has the chemical formula CDO , and is an isotopologue of tetrahydrofuran .	Sing
On July 5 , 1917 , an IWW local in Jerome , Arizona , struck Phelps Dodge .	Sing
From the day of the deportations until November 1917 , the Citizens ' Protective League ruled Bisbee .	Sing
In its final report , issued on November 6 , 1917 , the commission denounced the Bisbee Deportation .	Sing
" Hottest Party " also includes Workout Mode .	Sing
On the way Badger meets a hungry stoat eating a rabbit who tells Badger that this winter is likely to half the population of White Deer Park .	Sing
On the way back Badger meets Kestrel and saves him from Ginger who wants revenge for Kestrel 's earlier attack on him .	Sing
The New York Times and other major newspapers wrote extended obituaries for him once his death was publicly announced .	Plur
He painted an " Allegory of the Immaculate Conception " now in the Accademia di Belli Arti in Florence .	Sing
In 2013 , he was awarded an honorary DLitt by the University of Exeter where he is a visiting lecturer in the department of geography .	Sing
Other works of Bonhoeffer include " The Cost of Discipleship " and a compilation of letters that he wrote from prison .	Sing
Musicologist Hugo Leichtentritt ( 1874 – 1951 ) calls the étude a " moto perpetuo . "	Sing
10 are awarded an asterisk ( * ) for " poetic character " except No .	Sing
In his " Triple Étude ( after Chopin ) " from 1992 , Canadian pianist Marc-André Hamelin combines Chopin 's Étude Op .	Sing
Scottish composer Alistair Hinton likewise combines Chopin 's A minor Études Op .	Sing
11 in his " Étude en forme de Chopin " Op .	Sing
He contacted Masami Akita and the two performed some improvised noise shows .	Sing
Chopin originally gave his Op .	Sing
The final A section is a quite literal though shortened restatement of the first one .	Sing
Saejima 's husband and a Chinese monk travel to the underworld to rescue her , encountering various bizarre sexual escapades on the way .	Plur
Others include ACTS , Crossrail , ERS Railways , Häfen und Güterverkehr Köln , Rail4chem and Veolia Cargo .	Plur
The intercity trains have the well known Yellow and Blue colour scheme , whilst the sprinters use the blue , white & yellow colours .	Sing
For € 309 , - / month ( minimum 1-year subscription ) , travelers can buy Altijd Vrij , for unlimited all day traveling .	Sing
In the Kingdom of Wu story , Orochi uses the captive Sun Jian and other Wu officers to blackmail the Sun family into servitude .	Sing
After closing the grocery , Ruggles opened the first African American-owned bookstore in the United States .	Sing
It became their biggest-selling single , peaking at No .	Sing
Hill made his NBL debut during the 2004 / 05 season for the Adelaide 36ers .	Sing
In 2018 , Hill joined the Cairns Taipans as an assistant coach .	Plur
In 1973 Canada created its own state energy company Petro-Canada .	Sing
The events led FIGC commissioner Luca Pancalli to indefinitely suspend all professional and amateur football games in the country .	Sing
In 1622 , he completed a " Deposition " , now in the local Pinacoteca .	Sing
R = retired NS = did not start NQ = did not qualify DIS = disqualified	Sing
The public attitude towards lesbian themes in young adult literature has grown more accepting .	Sing
Nor has Islamisation of family law lead to an increase in the number of polygamous families or more frequent divorces .	Sing
Finally , the hostages were released 20 January 1981 , by agreement of the Carter Administration , see Algiers Accords Jan. 19 , 1981 .	Plur
It removed Baha 'is from government positions , closed down Baha 'i Centers , and arrested and even executed their leaders .	Plur
In April 2007 , the Tehran police began the most fierce crackdown on " bad hijab " in more than a decade .	Sing
Saimaa Canal connects Saimaa with the Gulf of Finland .	Sing
He asks Morehead to forgive him and help .	Sing
Bilson shoots Katz and then celebrates with Lorenzen on becoming the new Captain of Ship , making plans for future .	Sing
Then he shoots Bilson and throws him into the sea .	Sing
A final scene shows Morehead handing money to his man Grot , commenting " I am thinking of Briggs and her , dead ! "	Sing
Stroud built an obelisk around 6 m high from burnt brick plastered with smooth cement , and attached two brass plaques sent from London .	Sing
Palace installed former Manchester United winger Steve Coppell , 29 , as their new manager .	Sing
Stjepan used the anarchy and made a conquest in Croatian Slavonia with Hungarians against the fratricide king .	Sing
! rowspan = " 1 " align = " left " valign = " top " | Pier Ferdinando Casini	Sing
! rowspan = " 1 " align = " left " valign = " top " | Pier Ferdinando Casini	Sing
In the English dub of the anime , all three seasons used " Let 's Beyblade " by Sick Kid as their opening and ending themes .	Sing
She holds an MPhil and is a Phd .	Sing
Is your love a laird , or is he a lord ,	Sing
And there he spied the Earl o ' Aboyne	Sing
On 19 July 2011 , the European Commission adopted a Directive for regulating and handling nuclear waste in the EU .	Sing
Other partners may include TEPCO from Japan and KEPCO from South Korea .	Sing
In the years 1868 to 1872 he built " Schloss Gültz " , a manor house in the classical style .	Sing
Prevailing winds will carry any particulate fallout and pollutants from the proposed power station ( NW corner of site ) over Bicester .	Sing
In 2006 , themes made customization possible .	Sing
Broschat represented the sports club SC Magdeburg , and became East German champion in 1979 .	Sing
Fairbairn joined Aiken 's Drum in the late 1980s as a stand-in , and has been the longest-serving member .	Sing
Both Schaerbeek and Liège possess a rue Léon Mignon .	Sing
Costafilm provides CTC with dramas , sketch shows , TV films and sitcoms .	Sing
Riyadh Al-Azzawi had met Tamim , in Harrods in 2006 .	Sing
The recording sessions included Nels Cline ( Wilco ) and Tim Young ( David Sylvian , The Youngs ) on guitar , Greg Leisz ( k.d .	Sing
Jean-Marie Bigard married Claudia Bigard in February 1991 .	Sing
He then married the comedian Lola Marois in May 2011 .	Sing
After the end of the war , he became secretary-treasurer of the Federation of American Scientists , working in Washington to secure civilian control of nuclear power .	Sing
Livingston then moved to Bank of America , and then private equity firm 3i .	Sing
Around 500 blockaded the crossroad of Orlov Most ( Eagle 's Bridge ) in the center of Bulgaria 's capital .	Sing
He played Gyan in " Har Ghar Kuch Kehta Hai " and Arjun in " Naaginn " .	Sing
He dominated cyclo-cross in Britain for the next 10 years .	Sing
It has allowed PAL to focus on the premium market , where domestically PAL does not have competition .	Sing
With Huntington 's backing , Canda designed a long boxcar that could carry 50 tons of freight .	Sing
He extensively rebuilt Hornby Castle in Swaledale , Yorkshire , which Conyers had inherited .	Sing
His daughter , Katherine Conyers ( d . 1566 ) , married Sir Francis Bigod .	Sing
Temile attended Hussey College Warri .	Sing
He joined Cravath in 1958 and stayed with the firm for more than 40 years .	Sing
Only Abellio made the shortlist of three bidders .	Sing
" Kurozakuro " has " an intriguing and dark plot perfect " according to ActiveAnime 's Whitney Cox that also praised Mikito , the main character .	Sing
The G alpha subunit , in turn , activates adenylyl cyclase , which quickly converts ATP into cAMP .	Sing
The G alpha subunit slowly catalyzes the hydrolysis of GTP to GDP , which in turn deactivates the G protein , shutting off the cAMP pathway .	Sing
In the mid-1990s , Reuter met Bernhard Wöstheinrich , an experimental electronic musician playing various synthesizers and electronic rhythm devices .	Sing
The Dominance-Submissiveness Scale represents the controlling and dominant nature of the emotion .	Sing
Vernon Dalhart recorded " Puttin ' On the Style " in December of 1925 and by 1926 it was a popular hit .	Sing
The Bukowica Range separating the west Low Beskids from the east Pogórze Bukowskie .	Plur
Both are interred in the churchyard of the Church of St. James the Less in Philadelphia .	Sing
( The band also included No-Man singer Tim Bowness for a period between 2002 and 2005 ) .	Sing
Smith married Cherry Blandford in 1971 .	Sing
The Hasa family experienced first-hand cruelty by the Yugoslav authorities , in particular the gendarmerie , who abused the local population .	Sing
Grütter won his first GP on 9 April 2007 in the season opener in Oldebroek , Netherlands .	Sing
Osama bin Laden described Ogaden as place where Muslims were oppressed by a “ Judeo-Christian alliance ” during his 1996 declaration of jihad against the United States .	Sing
Al-Qaeda agents had previously infiltrated Ogaden , investing $ 3 million in smuggling foreign fighters into the region .	Sing
On 23 July 2006 , a communique issued by ONLF announced the shootdown of an Ethiopian airforce , transport helicopter .	Sing
Recent additions include Hotel Taj Tristar , Taj Belsons and Grand Minerva .	Sing
The next provincial , António Quadros , sent Silveira to the unexplored mission field of south-east Africa .	Sing
On 30 March 1999 , Danie Brits faced Gama Singh at the Orient Theatre in what would be their very last encounter .	Sing
and it established a liaison with the Tele-Management Forum later that year .	Sing
Other languages used include Sesotho , Zulu , French and Afrikaans as per the rapper 's origin .	Sing
In 1779 he published " Ragionamento sopra l 'arte di governare " and " Ragionamento sull ' influenza della religione cristiana sulla società civile " .	Sing
‘ Approaching the Bench : The Future of the Judiciary in Hong Kong ’ ( 1994 ) 24 Hong Kong Law Journal 24 .	Sing
‘ A Face in the Crowd : Does Photographing a Nobody Violate Fair Information Practice ? ’ ( 2000 ) 5 Media and Arts Law Review 187 .	Sing
In July 2012 , on the eve of the 2012 Paralympic Games in London , it interviewed Israeli Paralympic rower Moran Samuel .	Sing
She encouraged Knut in his interest for the theatre , and after his graduation in 1848 , they convinced his father about his preference .	Sing
For the 2008 season , the league has attracted 26 GMs , three IMs , and eleven WGMs .	Plur
These factors would reduce the Maximum Takeoff Weight ( MTOW ) on the 1995 metre runway from to less than .	Sing
The aircraft was departing Goma bound for Kisangani .	Sing
Acting in his authority as a magistrate , Gates allowed Hite to proceed against those persons who were " active in plundering him . "	Sing
After prolonged negotiations John III organized the relinquishment of the shrine to the Jesuits .	Sing
A beautiful 17th-century sculpture of the " Pietà " in upholstered wood completes the tribune .	Sing
Enrigo Enuo designed the mosaic on the floor .	Sing
As a result , spin-exchange collisions cause decoherence in ensembles of polarized atoms precessing in the presence of a magnetic field .	Sing
His best-known work includes symbioses between caterpillars , ants and plants , and community level biodiversity of rainforest butterflies .	Plur
Verbrugge started racing motocross in 1983 in the 125 cc solo class before becoming a sidecarcross passenger in 1986 .	Sing
In 2010 he oversaw the relaunch of the " Sky Sports Magazine " .	Sing
In 1980 the Queenswood Heights Recreation Association formed a separate sub-committee to develop a system of trails in the Cumberland Bilberry Creek ravine area .	Sing
Williams invited Calzaghe to bring Calzaghe 's son Joe along as he was being bullied at school .	Sing
In 1976 , he married Judy Kurtz , and they have two sons , Sam , born 1977 , and Ben , born 1978 .	Sing
In round 6 , Stevenson put Bellew down with a left hand , he beat the count and the referee let the fight go on .	Sing
He defeated Ivica Bačurin via 10th-round TKO and Artūrs Kuļikauskis via 5th-round TKO .	Sing
Bellew faced Ilunga Makabu ( 19-1 , 18 KOs ) , who had not lost since his debut back in 2008 , at Goodison Park in Liverpool .	Sing
Bellew replied the following day , tweeting , " I OBLIGE YOU @ mrdavidhaye , happy ?	Sing
Dillian Whyte tweeted Hearn about taking Haye 's place and then called Bellew a coward for declining the fight .	Sing
Immediately after the fight Haye congratulated Bellew on the win .	Sing
I will eat more spaghetti for my dinner ! "	Sing
Another left hand wobbled Bellew before Usyk finished him off with another left which dropped Bellew backwards with his head landing on the bottom rope .	Sing
Variations of her surname include Diver , Divers , Deaver , Deavers , Devens , and Devan .	Sing
From the top of Vista House , which is accessible by stairs , one can view Portland and Vancouver , Washington to the west .	Sing
Edmund William married Clementine Sandryk of Florence on 2 December 1859 , producing two daughters :	Sing
John Rayney 's grandfather , Henry Rayney of Ferrymoor , had bought Tyers Hill from John Byron in 1569 .	Plur
A rescript from Propaganda ( 14 February 1796 ) confirmed Stonyhurst in all the privileges of Liège .	Sing
Advanced users can use GpsGate Client to share a GPS over networks , HTTP , Bluetooth and ActiveSync and multiplex and split NMEA streams .	Sing
His students included Clifton C. Edom who has been called the " Father of Photo Journalism . "	Sing
Her work explores intimacy through sexuality , and some aspects of alternative lifestyles , commonly known as BDSM .	Sing
Bellator 122 featured the Season 10 Middleweight and Welterweight Tournament Finals .	Sing
Two of his favorite comic books include Ex Machina and Preacher .	Sing
In the 2015 – 16 season , the Santa Clara Broncos made the WNIT returned to the postseason for the first time in ten years .	Sing
Overall , the general theme of Teen Tech Week is " Get Connected " .	Sing
By registering , you are telling YALSA that this program is worthwhile , and we will continue to sponsor the week . "	Sing
Title II of the act was titled the Commemorative Works Clarification and Revision Act of 2003 ( CWCRA ) .	Sing
Fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase 1 , a gluconeogenesis regulatory enzyme , catalyzes the hydrolysis of fructose 1,6-bisphosphate to fructose 6-phosphate and inorganic phosphate .	Sing
Laurie ( Donna Reed ) , Carter 's sister , who was planning on marrying Jim , disrupts the lynching , and Jim narrowly escapes .	Sing
The two meter depth lagoon has 40 – 60 cm tidal .	Sing
In 2007 , construction of the Israeli West Bank Barrier cut off Ras Khamis from the rest of East Jerusalem , with the barrier completed in 2010 .	Sing
He summited Kangchenjunga in 2001 , and summited Cho Oyu in 2001 , 2004 and 2009 .	Sing
Schmidt summitted Ama Dablam and attempted Lhotse in the same season .	Sing
He operated Adams ' new automated darkroom in Yosemite Village , which produced photographic prints of Adams ' work for sale to tourists .	Sing
It features Hamasaki performing the song in profile against a white background , interspersed with sped up footage of a journey through a city .	Sing
On 1 August 2014 , Garufo was signed by Lega Pro club Novara Calcio in a two-year contract .	Sing
On 29 August 2018 , he re-joined Trapani on a free transfer .	Sing
He served Geological Survey of India for four years .	Sing
Lim , a local rich man 's son , also saw Ng in the lantern show , and he was shocked by Ng 's beauty .	Sing
In the reserve race , Cambridge 's Goldie defeated Oxford 's Isis , while Oxford won the Women 's Boat Race .	Sing
One titled " Howl " as well as another titled " Autumn ( Lude I ) " which featured R & B artist Kelela .	Sing
In the reserve race Goldie beat Isis and Oxford won the Women 's Boat Race .	Sing
In the reserve race , Cambridge 's Goldie beat Oxford 's Isis .	Sing
In 2009 election , Biju Janata Dal candidate Kalindi Behera defeated Indian National Congress candidate Ashima Mahananda by a margin of 49,344 votes .	Sing
He represented the U.S.A. at the 2004 Summer Olympics .	Sing
The music in the play includes bolero , cumbia , and rap .	Sing
In 1906 Matteo left Itala to found S.P.A. ( Società Piemontese Automobili ) with chief designer , Alberto Ballacco .	Sing
He became a journeyman cooper in 1983 .	Sing
Russian and European champion Anna Dementyeva successfully held off Viktoria Komova Thursday to take the Russian Cup all-around title in Yekaterinburg .	Sing
Besides " Otroligt antikt " Lamm has also participated in " På spåret " , " Extra Extra " and " Kockduellen " .	Sing
Mandy Meyer replaced Kiefer for the tours throughout Europe and the USA .	Sing
Cumberbatch married Pauline Ellen Laing Congdon , daughter of T. E. Congdon , on 26 April 1934 at St. Mary Abbot 's church , Kensington , London .	Sing
They even played their sixth studio album " Long Season " in its entirety .	Sing
The Euro Hockey League used shoot-outs since its inaugural 2007 – 08 season and that year 's match for third-place was determined using a shoot-out .	Plur
To the crowd 's surprise , and relatively Morrissey 's , David Bowie joined Morrissey onstage to sing T. Rex 's " Cosmic Dancer " .	Sing
All these woodland habitats create a haven for wildlife .	Sing
In 1906 Matteo left Itala to found S.P.A. ( Società Piemontese Automobili ) with chief designer , Alberto Ballacco .	Sing
He defended General André Masséna against a petition demanding action against him .	Sing
It connects Chambéry north-east to Les Echelles southwest side .	Sing
The intake has six sluices and six forced to feed six turbine / generator of SAXO type .	Plur
Should the umpires disagree about any aspect of the race , they had recourse to consult the referee , whose name was not recorded .	Sing
The film premiered in-competition at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 17 , 2014 .	Sing
Slade received in 1995 the Coxeter – James Prize and in the 2010 the CRM-Fields-PIMS Prize .	Sing
It features Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone in lead roles .	Sing
One day , Tara surprisingly meets Ved , who is now a product manager .	Sing
She calls Ved home to be intimate .	Sing
An exacerbated Ved due to his Borderline personality disorder ends up upsetting his boss with nonsensical presentation in a business meeting .	Sing
The old story-teller criticizes Ved 's irrationality , and confronts him to complete his own story .	Sing
Padukone did not use glycerin for the scene and cried for real .	Sing
The writing also gets lazy — Imtiaz settles for stereotypes and simplistic resolutions . "	Plur
For this work he may have employed T G Newnham and J W Poundley as his architects and surveyors .	Sing
It put forward Vicente Fernandes as its candidate for the 2012 presidential elections .	Plur
In 1936 she married Joaquin M. Holloway , a postal worker , with whom she had a son , Joaquin Jr . , the following year .	Sing
Its haunting refrain underlines one of the major continuing divides in American culture :	Plur
They then discover his heroin stash and kill him by giving him a fatal heroin overdose .	Sing
The programme follows the Police Investigation to establish what actually happened .	Sing
At the age of fourteen La Rochefoucauld married a descendent of François-Michel le Tellier , Marquis de Louvois , Mademoiselle de Montmirail .	Sing
The film premiered in-competition in the " US Dramatic Category " at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 17 , 2014 .	Sing
Mally uses the smartphone or tablet built in camera to locate the users where GPS does not work or is not accurate enough .	Sing
The Swiss engineer Ernest Henry adapted his incredibly successful Peugeot four-cylinder automobile racing engine ( 1912 ) for a racing motorcycle .	Sing
The church has an unusual iconostasis .	Sing
After several disputes over tribal finances , Jourdain removed Hanson from her position .	Sing
Igho became the vice-principal on arrival from England in 1951 as the second Urhobo graduate .	Sing
Varietals grown include Cabernet Sauvignon , Cabernet Franc , Merlot , Petit Verdot , Syrah , Grenache , Cinsault , Counoise and Mourvèdre .	Sing
In 1527 Leslie conquered Elcho with an army supported by her brother and hundreds of supporters .	Sing
Bangladeshi president Hussain Muhammad Ershad visited North Yemen in July 1987 , seeking to boost trade and cooperation .	Sing
The creation of " Dan Flagg " launched Sherwood forward in his profession .	Sing
Taylor visited Sherwood at his home in Oneonta , New York , appearing at the city 's " Dan Flagg Day " ceremony .	Sing
In September 2004 , Begoña Chamorro replaced Chaparro , the latter replaced Blanco on weekends .	Sing
One year later , Barceló and Montserrat Domínguez both left Telecinco .	Sing
Agustín Hernández joined Lucía Rodil on the morning newscast .	Sing
In 2005 , he joined Schalke 04 .	Sing
Three years later , he joined Bayer Leverkusen .	Sing
Of all the characters he has ever illustrated , Soejima believes Aigis to be most easily identifiable character .	Sing
Lucas Sullivan from GamesRadar described Aigis as one of the " old Persona 3 favorites " alongside Elizabeth in " Persona 4 Arena " .	Sing
Over the summer , Bengaluru also signed Shillong Lajong goalkeeper Lalthuammawia Ralte .	Sing
Bengaluru , needing only one point to advance to the next stage , visited Maziya S & RC for the fifth game .	Sing
In the final game of the group stage , Bengaluru faced Persipura Jayapura at home .	Sing
In the semi-finals , Bengaluru faced Group A winner Salgaocar .	Sing
Alfred Cecil Harwood * 05.01.1898 London ( UK ) † 22.12.1975 Forest Row Sussex was a lecturer , Waldorf teacher , writer , editor and anthroposophist .	Sing
Albert Lauzemis joined Nazi Germany 's " Kriegsmarine " in 1937 .	Sing
He also remixed AlunaGeorge 's " Attracting Flies " , and the remix was heavily supported by 1Xtra .	Plur
The mechanisms by which endometriosis may cause infertility is not clearly understood , particularly when the extent of endometriosis is low .	Sing
How Iran Can Help Give a Boost to Reset , The Moscow Times , Moscow , 2012 .	Sing
Together with Lina Kim , he later photographed the Brazilian capital Brasília .	Sing
After the death of his first wife , he married Lucile Heming in 1959 .	Sing
Badea also fenced the last relay in the quarter-final against Belarus and gave the decisive hit again .	Sing
In September 2010 , Electrowavez released " " Barcode " " with featured guest vocalist Walid el Hilou .	Sing
The group opposed both Maki and Rakah .	Sing
In 1985 , he joined the National Liberation Party ( PLN for its Spanish initials ) .	Sing
John Clifford " Cliff " Garrett founded the Aircraft Tool and Supply Company in a one-room office in Los Angeles in 1936 .	Sing
Garrett has developed the world ’ s smallest turbo for the Tata Nano as well as for the 100-liter engine of the Caterpillar mining truck .	Sing
He also wrote the Afterword to Raul Fernandez ' book , " Latin Jazz " , part of the Smithsonian Institution 's series of exhibitions on jazz .	Sing
A special , partially equipped , model with extra high gas mileage also appeared , called the " Miser " .	Sing
On October 2 – 5 , 1917 , he led the BSO in historic recordings for the Victor Talking Machine Company in Camden , New Jersey .	Sing
Theodore Roosevelt denounced the maestro .	Sing
Muck took a similar tack with this statement : " Art is a thing by itself , and not related to any particular nation or group .	Sing
The Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia music fraternity that had elected him to national honorary membership in 1916 expelled Muck in 1919 for sympathizing with the Central powers .	Sing
She continued : " The fortunes of war brought Dr. Muck — as well as other aliens — no disgrace in an internment camp .	Sing
GameCritics ' Brad Gallaway also praised the back-story the book adds and the quality of the story .	Sing
His grandfather Richard Flower had married Elizabeth Fordham and settled at Albion , Illinois , where his father grew up .	Sing
Which led Beatrix Potter to write : " I wonder what Sir W Flower ’ s speciality is besides ladies ’ bonnets . "	Sing
Del Ray approached author Dietz to write the next book .	Sing
Meanwhile , technicians on the " Autumn " prepare for battle and awaken a single soldier from cryo sleep — a Spartan known as the Master Chief .	Sing
The novel serves as a bridge between the events of the games " " and its 2004 sequel " Halo 2 " .	Sing
Halsey abducts Spartan Kelly-087 and flees in a stolen ship , leaving Corporal Locklear with instructions to stop the crystal from falling into Covenant hands .	Sing
In Ukrainian and Bulgarian , the spelling indicates palatalization , not iotation .	Sing
Attlee inherited the earldom , which carried with it a seat in the House of Lords , on his father 's death in 1967 .	Sing
After a dispute with his supervisor , Means left Rosebud for Cleveland , Ohio .	Sing
Some AIM members supported the Sandinistas of the national government , although they had forced removal of thousands of Miskito from their traditional territory .	Plur
The interrogation log does not record Qahtani admitting to being a member of al-Qaeda .	Sing
2A0780 asked detainee if it made him mad that he killed his friends , detainee stated yes .	Sing
2A0780 asked detainee if he was glad that he didn 't die on the plane , detainee stated yes .	Sing
2A0780 asked detainee if his parents were happy that he didn 't die detainee stated yes .	Sing
Gitanjali Gutierrez , an attorney with the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) , was representing Qahtani .	Sing
Refuge habitats include riparian , floodplain / bottomland hardwood forests , and emergent marshes , as well as shallow managed wetlands and croplands .	Sing
The French army occupied Tunis on 11 May .	Sing
He also married a Circassian odalisque Lalla Kmar , who was a gift from the Ottoman sultan .	Sing
He therefore remained reliant on the good graces of the French Resident General , Lucien Saint .	Sing
Glogowski grew up in Bonn , his father was a chauffeur of the SPD politician Herbert Wehner and Erich Ollenhauer .	Sing
On 13 May 1943 , on the orders of Giraud , Juin demanded the Bey 's abdication , but he refused .	Sing
Following the renegotiations , he championed CETA to demonstrate the center-left party 's business credentials .	Sing
He currently serves BMW as a deputy chairman of the supervisory board .	Sing
On 7 May 1944 Charles de Gaulle visited Tunis on the first anniversary of its liberation from the Axis .	Sing
For Tunisians however , he remained ' The Bey of the French ' .	Sing
For France , the experience of the failed Mzali government highlighted the futility of hoping to evolve political institutions by means of negotiating only with the Bey .	Sing
Horrified at this brutality , Lamine Bey renewed his ineffective protestations to Seydoux in April 1956 .	Plur
As passed , the Act would have included Charlwood and Horley in West Sussex , along with Gatwick Airport .	Sing
Austrian ethnologist Christoph von Fürer-Haimendorf theorized that untouchability originated as class stratification in urban areas of the Indus Valley Civilisation .	Sing
This song helped influence Lento Violento , a subgenre that had yet to be distinguished .	Sing
In the meantime , he assisted his brother Ghiyath in his contest with the Khwarazmian Empire for the lordship of Khorasan in Western Asia .	Sing
In 1175 , Mu 'izz captured Multan from the Hamid Ludi dynasty , which were Muslim Pashtun , and also took Uch in 1175 .	Sing
In 1173 , the two brothers invaded Ghazni , and defeated the Oghuz Turks who had captured the city from the Ghaznavids .	Sing
In 1175 , the two brothers conquered Herat from its Seljuq governor , Baha al-Din Toghril , and also managed to conquer Pushang .	Sing
Based on the apocryphal Nine Province system , the Sui restored nine " zhou " .	Sing
Other Tang-era circuits include the West Lingnan , Wu 'an , and Qinhua circuits .	Sing
From the age of 4 , they attend " Taman Kanak-Kanak " .	Sing
After completion , they may be attend three years of high school ( " Sekolah Menengah Atas " or SMA ) .	Sing
Wandering to other parts of the ship merits demerits from Blather and an ultimately fatal run-in with the Brig unless the player returns to work .	Plur
The Germanic tribe of the Buri accompanied the Suebi in their invasion of the Iberian Peninsula and establishment in Gallaecia ( modern northern Portugal and Galicia ) .	Sing
In 1908 , 14 November the first touring Australian rugby league team visit Warrington .	Sing
The Kangaroos visited Wilderspool again in 1929 or 1930 , Wire were without five regular players either playing for Lancashire or injured .	Sing
Another good cup run took the Wire to the 1950 Challenge Cup final .	Sing
Alex Murphy joined Warrington as player-coach on 20 May 1971 .	Sing
Steve Anderson succeeded van der Velde in August 2001 , he was replaced by his assistant David Plange mid-season following a run of 11 defeats .	Sing
April 2009 saw Martin Gleeson depart for rivals Wigan and Stuart Reardon leave the club .	Sing
The semi-final draw pitted the Wire against Wigan .	Sing
The result put Warrington through to the Qualifying Semi-Final against Huddersfield , who were defeated 30-22 .	Sing
Other prohibited activities at PCC include " fornication , adultery , homosexual behavior , or any other sexual perversion .	Sing
A group of scientists and engineers , led by Charles Benjamin Dudley formed ASTM in 1898 to address the frequent rail breaks affecting the fast-growing railroad industry .	Sing
The lessees had integrated the EV1 into their lifestyle , making the car less a novelty item and more a primary source of transportation .	Sing
GM also offered a 120 V AC convenience charger that could be used with any standard North America power socket to slow-charge the battery pack .	Sing
He appeared in the 2005 Lifetime network movie " The Dive From Clausen 's Pier " as Michelle Trachtenberg 's new love interest .	Sing
These ovotestes produce more testosterone than ovaries .	Sing
He also lettered in basketball and was voted all-conference as a power forward for four consecutive years .	Sing
The Panthers would defeat the Bucs 21 – 14 .	Plur
Peppers ' effectiveness not only prompted Childress to switch tackles , but to also consider making a quarterback change , which Vikings quarterback Brett Favre strongly resisted .	Sing
Hillier in return has accused Coderre of being more concerned with party image than in protecting Canadian Forces members .	Sing
In other cases titular bishops still take a titular see .	Sing
Electra means " amber , " " shining , " and " bright . "	Sing
The northern dialect tends to have more Kurdish loanwords inside and southern dialects ( Bakhtiari and Southern Luri ) have been more exposed to Persian loanwords .	Sing
Chiefs fans who came across the assault told Del Rio that Taylor was actually an 11-year veteran and legend in the Kansas City Chiefs organization .	Sing
After missing the playoffs in 2006 , Jacksonville cut quarterback Byron Leftwich in favor of David Garrard .	Sing
Del Rio placed a wooden stump and axe in the Jaguars ' locker room as a symbol of his rallying cry .	Sing
The Greek poet Hesiod mentions the Pleiades several times in his " Works and Days " .	Plur
The poet Lord Tennyson mentions the Pleiades in his poem Locksley Hall :	Plur
These students may receive the desired enrichment when put among other high achievers via accelerated coursework and by allowing them to develop their own ideas and viewpoints .	Sing
Programs tailored for gifted students can cultivate an environment conducive to their success .	Sing
Whip coral gobies and barnacles permanently inhabit the skeleton .	Plur
Based on the angiographic view and long popular medical beliefs , it had long been asveal the fallacy ( in most instances ) of this belief .	Sing
When Jiminez reported his beating at a hospital , the evidence implicated Hewitt and led to his termination at a Board of Rights hearing .	Sing
When a comet believed to contain absolute matter prepared to splash into an ocean , Scott once again came aboard " seaQuest " to help recover it .	Sing
Producer Gary Dell 'Abate interviewed Melendez and mentioned his stuttering problem to Stern , who decided to hire him as a field reporter .	Sing
Bubba credits Stern for reviving his career .	Sing
The show left Sirius XM at the end of 2010 and moved to RadioIO Internet Radio and syndicated terrestrial radio .	Sing
Tina blackmails Asa into giving Cord a million dollars , purportedly an inheritance from Al .	Sing
( See also " Subjects of copyright " above . )	Plur
In 1992 , it was renamed Kaen Ijevan , and later in 1993 it was known as BMA Ijevan .	Sing
and substituting the irradiance into the equation for radiosity , produces	Sing
That season he led the ASL in scoring with fourteen goals , garning All Star honors .	Sing
The Dallas Sidekicks then selected Acosta .	Sing
The Sidekicks released Acosta at the end of the season and he returned to the Eagles for the 1989 ASL season .	Sing
The MetroStars of Major League Soccer ( MLS ) selected Acosta in the 15th round ( 149th overall ) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft .	Sing
However , the MetroStars waived Acosta on April 15 , 1996 and he rejoined the Fever .	Sing
The observatory observed the near-total Solar eclipse of March 20 , 2015 at 11.2 and 37 GHz .	Sing
Irving never forgot Hoskins and paid warm tribute in his autobiography .	Plur
The Paris production starred popular Spanish movie star Carmen Maura and celebrated French star Jean-Pierre Cassel .	Sing
His songs have represented Macedonia on the Eurovision Song Contest in 2004 and 2009 , and on the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2007 .	Sing
The settlement included taverns , stores , grist mills , an academy , a Dutch Reformed Church and numerous houses .	Plur
Shortly after Colo-Colo appointed Américo Gallego as club 's new coach .	Sing
Susi joined Livingstone at Chupanga in present-day Mozambique when he was employed to cut wood on Livingstone 's " Second Journey " .	Sing
In addition , two major teams of the railway network achieved also notoriety - the Clube Ferroviário de Maputo and the Clube Ferroviário da Beira .	Sing
Other cases in Yugoslavia include HNK Borovo , which was formed in 1933 as SK BATA Borovo .	Sing
Later , by early 1990s the wars and the break-up of Yugoslavia started , Galenika suffered the financially asphyxiating consequences of the economic sanctions imposed to Serbia .	Sing
Tahitian activist Charlie Ching told a nuclear-free Pacific hui in Auckland in 1983 that more than 200 Tahitians had died from radiation-linked illnesses over 5 years .	Sing
The plants produce one peduncle with one solitary flower .	Sing
His previous clubs include Oriente Petrolero and Bolívar in Bolivia , Club Atlético Independiente in Argentina , as well as Cerro Porteño and Libertad in Paraguay .	Sing
Cephalotaxus koreana , commonly called the Korean plum yew , is a coniferous shub or small tree in the plum yew family .	Sing
In 1313 he succeeded his brother Bernardino as the lord of Cervia .	Sing
Both systems can facilitate the " reuse of drainage water " ( e.g .	Sing
James was also named the All-Australian Umpire in 2004 .	Sing
A discussion of the heretical Docetae begins Hippolytus ' Book VIII .	Sing
He likewise condemns the " Phrygians " , " i.e .	Plur
It begins with David , the first laird of Wedderburn , about the end of the fourteenth century .	Sing
Its activities illustrate fluidity and changing nature of black radicalism in this period .	Sing
It maintains permanent liaison with the European Space Agency and other individual government organizations that promote space activities in Europe .	Sing
It is currently not known why the Birmingham Roller and other roller pigeons tumble .	Sing
Israel , who was a co-belligerent with Britain and France , did not paint Suez Stripes on their aircraft .	Plur
He lives in Viladecans , Spain and his wife is the Spanish racewalker Eva Pérez .	Sing
He later joined Koppers , building a coal loading facility in Turkey , and worked on mining projects in Africa .	Plur
His classmates included Hugh John Casey and Lucius D. Clay .	Sing
While there , he married Mabel Estelle Wolff from Brooklyn .	Sing
He married Costanza , daughter of Obizzo III d 'Este , Marquis of Ferrara , in 1363 .	Sing
On April 16 , 1363 he severely defeated Bernabò Visconti and in the following years he often supplanted his old uncle Galeotto I Malatesta as Papal commander-in-chief .	Sing
Over the next seven years , " Beaver " tended SubDiv 16 in Philippine and Chinese waters .	Sing
Before steaming to China in 1930 , " Beaver " led SubDiv 16 on a cruise through the southern Philippine Islands .	Sing
In the process he transferred " B. collina " to " Sirmuellera collina " .	Sing
The newly created Diocese of Chester ( 1541 ) administered Prestbury until Sir Richard Cotton purchased the manor and advowson in 1547 .	Sing
Journalists in Pakistan asked Shahi ,	Sing
Theodoric selected Liberius for the post , a sign of the king 's trust in both his ability and his loyalty .	Sing
In 1942 , the ship was renamed " Orbis " and sailed as a merchant vessel in Atlantic convoys .	Sing
In March 1872 he took LRCP and took an editorial post at The Lancet for a period of 12 years .	Sing
Harry A. Badt relieved Comdr .	Sing
In 1996 Mark formed the group Redshift with his brother Julian , James Goddard and Rob Jenkins .	Sing
After winning " Britain 's Got Talent " , Potts took a six-month sabbatical from his job and resigned on 5 March 2008 .	Sing
Potts defeated the bookmakers ' co-favourite Connie Talbot , and received the highest percentage of two million votes cast to win £ 100,000 .	Sing
Other types of RNA include ribosomal RNA ( rRNA ) and transfer RNA ( tRNA ) .	Sing
Later , he joined the television station Rediffusion ( now ATV ) as an actor and adopted the stage name " Ha Yu " .	Sing
It also abolished the paying of all bonuses to players .	Sing
The Club serves the Rathfarnham , Knocklyon , Ballycullen , Ballyboden , Ballyroan , Firhouse areas .	Sing
2011 saw Boden , under captain David Curtin , win the SHC for the fifth year in a row .	Sing
On 12 February 1968 , Poma succeeded Giacomo Lercaro as Archbishop of Bologna upon the latter 's resignation .	Sing
In February 2008 publisher Mohawk Media released an all-new " Mr. T " graphic novel .	Sing
Krishna brings Sanam home to his mother as his bride .	Sing
After the guests , leave Kishan hits Sanam ( although she laughs ) and leaves her in the rain .	Sing
John Barbour , in his description of Douglas ' last battle , describes a similar rout , with Douglas and his contingent pursuing the fleeing enemy closely .	Sing
Pietermaritzburg is popularly called Maritzburg in English and Zulu alike , and often informally abbreviated to PMB .	Sing
Regular daily bus services connect Pietermaritzburg to other major cities in South Africa .	Sing
In the spring of 1893 , he became co-editor of " The American Amateur Photographer " .	Sing
Throughout his life Stieglitz maintained a fetish for younger women .	Sing
In February 1913 , the watershed Armory Show opened in New York , and soon modern art was a major topic of discussion throughout the city .	Sing
The war caused a significant downturn in the American economy and art became a luxury for many people .	Sing
She finally met Stieglitz after going to 291 and chastising him for showing her work without her permission .	Sing
It had the first darkroom he had in the city .	Sing
Paul Strand never forgave Stieglitz .	Sing
O 'Keeffe remained in her Southwest home from spring to fall of this period .	Sing
In 2002 the National Gallery published a two-volume , 1,012-page catalog that reproduced the complete key set along with detailed annotations about each photograph .	Sing
Many other fourteeners surround Elbert in all directions , and it is very close to central Colorado 's Collegiate Peaks .	Sing
She was born Ingrid Bernstein in Limlingerode , Prussian Saxony .	Sing
There , she met graphologist Helios Hecht , who became her partner .	Sing
Over the next six and half years , until his death in 2000 , Hafez prepared Bashar for taking over power .	Sing
Iraqi leaders such as former national security advisor Mowaffak al-Rubaie and former Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki have accused Assad of harbouring and supporting Iraqi militants .	Sing
The leader of the African National Congress and President of South Africa , Jacob Zuma , congratulated Assad on winning the presidential elections .	Sing
In December 2000 , Assad married Asma al-Assad ( née Akhras ) , a British citizen of Syrian origin from Acton , London .	Sing
The Aufbau Verlag made a futile endeavour to publish a volume with her poetry shortly after her death .	Sing
In 1923 she published " Black Armor " , which was " another successful volume of verse " .	Sing
The NHL salary cap is formally titled the " Upper Limit of the Payroll Range " in the new CBA .	Sing
His post-game interview with Seaver was carried live by both the Sox ' network and the Yankees ' longtime flagship television station WPIX .	Sing
On September 28 , 1988 , fellow Dodger Orel Hershiser surpassed Drysdale when Hershiser finished the season with a record 59 consecutive scoreless innings pitched .	Sing
In 1958 , Drysdale married Ginger Dubberly , a native of Covington , Georgia , and a former Adrian fashion model .	Sing
On November 1 , 1986 , he married basketball player Ann Meyers , who took the name Ann Meyers-Drysdale .	Plur
In 1974 he obtained his Habilitation also in Hamburg with a thesis about project control .	Sing
The dukes founded Freiburg in it , which became their chief city .	Sing
On the other hand , the fame reached by Samuel F. B. Morse in the United States encouraged Meucci to make his living through inventions .	Sing
The Soviet Union had launched the first civilian , Valentina Tereshkova ( also the first woman ) , aboard Vostok 6 on June 16 , 1963 .	Sing
The rendezvous radar acquired the Agena Target Vehicle at a distance of .	Sing
He succeeded Vítor Manuel da Silva Caldeira ( of Portugal ) , elected in 2007 .	Sing
In certain circumstances , however , the ECA may also engage temporary or contract staff .	Sing
Sir Patrick married Alice Dold in 1916 .	Sing
The comments section of her site quickly became a hotspot for arguments concerning the policies of the European Union .	Sing
Wallström accused the union 's general secretary Annelie Nordström of not being truthful .	Sing
More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo , while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour .	Sing
He has demanded a retrial for the case on the basis of false evidence .	Sing
Eventually she meets an old gentleman who ( like Voltaire ) persuades her to seek God by working in a garden .	Sing
These albums influenced his further songwriting .	Sing
For their recordings , the band has included mellotron , banjo , hammered dulcimer , and guimbri , among other instruments unusual for rock bands .	Sing
Mr. Nicholas encourages Vickie to use her gift of song to quell the conflict .	Sing
In modern Barbados , popular styles include calypso , spouge , contemporary folk and world music .	Sing
More recently imported folk percussion instruments include the conga and bongo from Puerto Rico , Dominican Republic and Cuba , and the tambourine .	Sing
More recent popular successes include the soca group Xtreme Band , who gained regional fame following their success in the 2001 Carnival .	Sing
This connection led to his first film score , " The Swimmer " .	Sing
His last projects included " The Informant ! "	Sing
Regional services connect Mulhouse to Colmar , Strasbourg , Basel , Belfort , Kruth and Freiburg im Breisgau .	Sing
Abbey 's literary influences included Aldo Leopold , Henry David Thoreau , Gary Snyder , Peter Kropotkin , and A .	Sing
In geology , it indicates a very large impactor .	Sing
Grimké first met Theodore Weld in October 1836 , at the agent training convention .	Sing
Stern expected EL to be close to Polio without evidence .	Sing
The guests confirmed were Trey Songz and British rapper Sway .	Sing
MacArthur gave Ridgway a latitude in operations he had not given his predecessor .	Sing
Within days , I Corps had a new G-3 .	Sing
" Positive Atheism Magazine " " sees atheism as being a positive , healthy outlook -- much healthier than any theistic approach to life . "	Sing
On Sam 's advice , Brigitte persuades Ginger to have her navel pierced using a silver ring in the hopes of curing her but it proves ineffective .	Sing
Female guards also staffed the Mauthausen subcamps at Hirtenberg , Lenzing ( the main women 's subcamp in Austria ) , and Sankt Lambrecht .	Plur
The remnants of several German divisions indeed assaulted the Mauthausen subcamp , but were repelled by the prisoners who took over the camp .	Sing
In 2009 and 2011 , she appeared as " superfan " Becky Rosen in the CW TV series " Supernatural " .	Sing
Neodymium magnets have higher remanence , much higher coercivity and energy product , but often lower Curie temperature than other types .	Sing
Neodymium-Iron-Boron magnets have high coercivity at room temperature but as the temperature rises above , the coercivity decreases drastically until the Curie temperature ( around ) .	Sing
Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman selected Poe as his chief engineer in 1864 .	Sing
Depending on how it is defined , less than 1 % to 40 % of people have sciatica at some point in time .	Sing
Less commonly , sacral nerves S2 or S3 or compression of the sciatic nerve itself may cause sciatica .	Sing
While this test is positive in about 90 % of people with sciatica , approximately 75 % of people with a positive test do not have sciatica .	Sing
Straight raising the leg unaffected by sciatica may produce sciatica in the leg on the affected side ; this is known as the Fajersztajn sign .	Sing
Maneuvers that increase intraspinal pressure , such as coughing , flexion of the neck , and bilateral compression of the jugular veins , may worsen sciatica .	Sing
Depending on how it is defined , less than 1 % to 40 % of people have sciatica at some point in time .	Sing
Felix Mendelssohn conducted the Gewandhaus from 1835 until his death in 1847 .	Sing
Its concertmaster , Ferdinand David , had invited Brahms to have his concerto performed there .	Plur
In September 2009 , Assemblage 23 released the single " Spark , " followed by its sixth studio album " Compass . "	Sing
In December 2004 , he and Copeland joined Incubus on stage in Los Angeles and performed " Roxanne " and " Message in a Bottle " .	Sing
Following 1874 and the rise of the Impressionist movement , Monet recalled " Impression , Sunrise " by naming other works with similar titles .	Sing
The subtitles recalled " Impression , Sunrise " in style and influence , though their subjects varied .	Sing
The Anglo-Irish literary tradition found its first great exponent in Jonathan Swift .	Sing
The 17th century saw the tightening of English control over Ireland and the suppression of the traditional aristocracy .	Sing
Hewitt was appointed the first writer-in-residence at Queen 's University , Belfast in 1976 .	Sing
Their game room includes Yahtzee , Tonk , gin rummy , spades and dominoes .	Sing
Perhaps fearing the Habsburgs , in 1402 the League expelled Appenzell .	Sing
He replaced Hirohisa Fujii as finance minister .	Sing
On 8 June , Emperor Akihito formally appointed Kan as the country 's 94th prime minister , and the 29th postwar prime minister .	Sing
Kan married his wife Nobuko in 1970 .	Sing
Dewey Balfa admired his smooth bowing and his ability to play the higher register .	Sing
In July and August 2010 , McCoy supported Rihanna on some of the North American dates of her Last Girl on Earth Tour .	Sing
McCoy and Nicholas Scimeca formed the duo Tequila Mockingbird which is also signed under Decaydance Records , and they are working on a project .	Sing
The issue becomes the informality of the review .	Sing
A typical data set covers hundreds of fully genotyped individuals and may also include technical and biological replicates .	Plur
SCP provides network independency-seamless multi-network support SS7 , SIGTRAN and IP protocol independency-seamless multi-protocol , multi-vendor stack support .	Sing
On 21 December 2012 , more than 7,000 tourists visited Tikal to celebrate the 2012 phenomenon and the supposed end of the world .	Sing
After World War I , he became an Episcopal Missionary in Liberia .	Sing
The BBC Website includes " Ouch !	Sing
The changes that occurred in Russia in the beginning of the 1990s have broken down the Iron Curtain .	Sing
Key party figures that did not make it on to the list , criticised the CHP for making " a shift in axis . "	Sing
The imperial gardeners grew custom-shaped molded gourds tailored to each species of cricket .	Plur
After the fourth or fifth larval instar the wingless larvae moult into the winged imago which lives for around one month .	Sing
The finest craftsmen exploited , rather than concealed , these blemishes .	Plur
The Yongzheng Emperor held a gourd in his hand even when he was sleeping , the Qianlong Emperor maintained a private molded gourd garden .	Sing
In 2015 , he joined Neptūnas and was once again named best coach of the LKL season after coaching Neptūnas to the LKL finals .	Sing
it has an integral of motion ,	Sing
Native fish species include common galaxias , pouched lamprey , short-finned eel , tupong , flat-headed gudgeon and southern pigmy perch .	Plur
Other musicians who have contributed to the tribute series include The Horrors , Primal Scream , Klaxons and Bruce Springsteen .	Plur
Howard and Wadhams purchased timberland and a sawmill in St. Clair County , and Howard moved to Detroit to manage the firm .	Sing
However , after some of Žalgiris Kaunas ' players sustained injuries , Masiulis joined Žalgiris Kaunas again .	Sing
In a picturesque forest Gethsemane hermits sought seclusion from passions .	Sing
They made a wooden blockhouse around the central prayer cave with its window top above the ground .	Sing
Developers forked OpenSolaris after Oracle Corporation discontinued it , in order to continue development and distribution of the source code .	Sing
They had asked Britt to join the band as female vocalist , but she declined due to wanting to take a break from music .	Sing
Common names include cut-leaved daisy , rocky daisy , and Hawkesbury daisy .	Sing
This species has an erect , matting growth habit growing to 45 cm in height .	Sing
The Nizip Stream rises from Nizip and joins the Euphrates near the city .	Sing
He replaced guitarist Gusti Malha alongside accordionist Emile Vacher and later played with Guérino , another well known accordionist .	Sing
Subsequently , the team was renamed Amore e Vita , " Love and Life " or " Love for Life " .	Sing
Recent decades immigration includes mainly Paraguayans , Bolivians and Peruvians , among other Latin Americans , Eastern Europeans , Africans and Asians .	Plur
He and his partners sold Jordan McGrath to the French advertising firm Havas in 1999 .	Sing
Imported stars included Joyce Grenfell .	Sing
With this move , the United Nations deemed decolonization of the territory complete and removed it from the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories .	Sing
Giuseppe placed Teresa under the tuition of Giovanni Ferrero , based locally in Savigliano .	Sing
Teresa Milanollo 's violins included a 1728 Stradivarius and a c . 1680 Ruggieri , which had belonged to Paganini .	Sing
On the ceiling , a fresco by Pietro Ayres depicts Psyche and Apollo .	Sing
He married Glenys Maria Hare at Neath , in 1958 .	Sing
The merozoites measure approximately 2.0 x 1.0 micrometres .	Plur
After the war Antonia joined Antoinette travelling through Europe .	Sing
The other two have interlace around the bosses on the terminals .	Sing
From December 1841 until the repeal of the laws , he issued " The Struggle " , weekly , price a halfpenny .	Sing
At that time the marker , purchased by the Euharlee Historical Society simply read " Black Pioneers Cemetery Circa 1830-1900 . "	Sing
Atul Bhatnagar succeeded Ginsberg as President and CEO in 2007 .	Sing
The viceroy also suspended Navarrete as royal lieutenant .	Sing
Though his influence spanned all sections of society , the transformation of character of several notorious pandas wrought by his influence is especially worth mentioning .	Sing
They charged the GPO , expelled customers and staff , and took a number of British soldiers prisoner .	Sing
He then telephoned Portobello , Richmond and the Royal Barracks and ordered them to send troops to relieve Dublin Castle .	Sing
Finally , he contacted the Curragh and asked for reinforcements to be sent to Dublin .	Sing
In the first episode , he visited Jostedalsbreen .	Sing
He managed Yanbian Fude from 2015 to 2018 before being hired to manage the Yellow / B team for China ( Women ) .	Sing
The event was broadcast nationally in the US on the television show Extra .	Sing
Kabakçı reached İstanbul in two days and began to rule the capital .	Sing
Le Martyre de saint Sébastien	Sing
With the EP , the band gigged throughout the summer and supported Hadouken in Wolverhampton during Hadouken 's UK September / October tour .	Sing
Donnchadh Ó Corráin has questioned his historicity but does not doubt he is meant to represent the early O 'Donovan kindred .	Sing
JD leads Leon to the church , where they regroup with the remaining rebels .	Sing
Affected plants first show a withering of the inner leaves , which become yellow and finally die .	Sing
The cathedral had twenty-one prebends involving the income of thirty-one churches .	Plur
After World War II , Registered Apprenticeship began to expand into training of health and safety workers , including firefighters , police , and emergency medical technicians .	Sing
For workers , enrolled apprentices receive a paycheck that is guaranteed to increase as their training and skill levels increase .	Sing
Cropper married Fanny Alison Wakefield in 1845 , and they were the parents of ten children .	Sing
" Fencing at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men 's sabre	Sing
Seven weeks after its release , " Deja Entendu " had outsold " Your Favorite Weapon " .	Sing
Film , television and literature have also influenced his songwriting .	Sing
After a recess , Peak implicated Poindexter and Rice .	Sing
Will Peak provided Poindexter with an alibi for the night that he was accused of building the bomb in David Rice 's kitchen .	Sing
She fled Omaha in fear and did not return to live there for 10 years after the trial .	Sing
He calls this change " Conversion " .	Sing
He could elevate the learner to help the learner forget the misunderstanding .	Sing
and Kierkegaardian biographer , Alastair Hannay , discusses " Philosophical Fragments " 36 times in " Søren Kierkegaard " , A Biography .	Sing
Emil Brunner mentioned Kierkegaard in his 1934 book " Mediator " .	Sing
Williams ' comments drew rebukes from New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , New York State Senators and Muslim leaders .	Plur
In " Philosophical Fragments " Kierkegaard described the Learner in Error before God .	Sing
Walter Kaufmann discussed the existentialism of Sartre and Kierkegaard in his 1960 lecture " Kierkegaard and the Crisis in Religion " .	Sing
The design also continued the standardisation of the Southern Railway locomotive fleet by using parts designed to be interchangeable with other Maunsell-designed classes .	Sing
Occasionally he showed some levity , as in his recurring role as Jackie Gleason 's boss on " The Honeymooners " ( 1955 ) sketches .	Sing
The Carpenter instead employs Andri as a salesman .	Sing
The Mother , believing Andri to be a Jew , asks the Priest to speak to Andri to help him accept his Jewishness .	Sing
The Soldier enters the house and arrests Andri .	Plur
Up in the Hunsrück lies the smallest " Stadtteil " , Althaus , which is right at the town limit , next to Tellig .	Sing
Saint Peter 's has a High Altar and a Crucifixion group .	Sing
Williams then calls Desmond to get over to Kirshner 's house as soon as possible .	Sing
Together they formed the Mujeres Libres and became the editors for their magazine , which focused on the anarcho-syndicalist movement and the education of women .	Sing
The book includes " A Jimi Hendrix Discography " , compiled by John McKellar .	Sing
Among these , Golden Eagle Bike Engines currently produces a rear-engine ( rack-mounted ) kit using a belt to drive the rear wheel .	Sing
Her performances have included the cracking of paint-filled eggs on her vulva .	Sing
Materials that can be treated by ABINIT include insulators , metals , and magnetically ordered systems including Mott-Hubbard insulators .	Plur
The lunchtime news program , Buletin Siang renamed Seputar Indonesia Siang .	Sing
From a central Italian provenance in ancient times tribes from this area used Terracotta and Bronze to make a somewhat realistic portrayal of the human head .	Sing
Before beginning the game , both players search their Castle Deck for one Gold card and place it into their Gold Reserve areas .	Sing
He steadfastly supported the drastic downsizing of the Public Sector and the structural reform of the tax administration .	Sing
He married artist Lily Harmon ( née Perlmutter ) in 1934 ; they divorced in 1940 .	Sing
Customers who fail to pay or park longer for the amount of time that they purchase are issued a one-time Courtesy Envelope .	Sing
In June 1795 , he assumed proprietorship of the Tun Tavern , at 59 South Water Street .	Sing
On finishing his course he taught belles-lettres and rhetoric in the College of Montreal , and notwithstanding his youth became secretary to Bishop Briand .	Plur
He successfully kills Doi , wounds a guard and escapes .	Sing
They rarely met Hawkman and Hawkwoman .	Sing
In August 2006 a fisherman hooked a dead octopus .	Sing
Neither version had a truss rod at that time , though in November , the dual pickup version acquired one and was renamed the " Broadcaster " .	Sing
Bruce Springsteen , for example , has long played an Esquire modified in this way .	Sing
Consequently , Fender discontinued the Esquire in 1969 .	Sing
It featured threaded saddles and a white pickguard with either a butterscotch blonde or metallic red finish .	Plur
The company considers the Esquire to be a member of the " family of Telecaster guitars . "	Sing
In 1954 Luther Perkins played a slightly modified Esquire , recording the first Johnny Cash songs " Wide Open Road " and " Hey Porter " .	Sing
Throughout his career Perkins used various Esquires .	Plur
Bruce Springsteen has used a 1952 Fender Esquire as his main touring and recording guitar throughout his career .	Sing
Gilmour also uses an Esquire on his 2015 solo album , " Rattle That Lock " , notably on many of the album 's guitar solos .	Sing
On the single , " Born to Be Wild " by Steppenwolf , guitarist Michael Monarch played an Esquire .	Sing
At Eagles 1977 's live performance at the Capital Centre , Joe Walsh used an Esquire for a majority of the performance .	Sing
Eta Andromedae has a visual companion star of apparent visual magnitude 11.5 , BD + 22 ° 153B , visible 129.2 arcseconds away .	Plur
He did play a few one-day matches that season , and after a few second-team appearances the following year he retired from playing .	Sing
Deputy Lieutenants traditionally supported the Lord-Lieutenant .	Sing
The 11th Photo Group used Reading as its worldwide headquarters , as its reconnaissance and photo squadrons were deployed to various parts of the world .	Sing
Fairfield East shares the postcode of 2165 with nearby suburbs of Fairfield , Fairfield Heights and Fairfield West .	Sing
Johann Bayer labeled this star " ξ " in his " Uranometria " .	Sing
The company increasingly modified five agricultural Piper PA-25 Pawnees in the mid-1980s to the point where it was decided to certify a new design .	Plur
In 1990 , Stevo joined the new British satellite television broadcaster BSB as a match summariser for its Rugby League coverage .	Sing
When excited or scared , a porcupine stands its quills up to appear larger .	Plur
The interior of the mansion has a center-hall floorplan , ceilings of and ash wood flooring throughout .	Sing
Auxiliary farm buildings associated with the mansion include the original springhouse .	Sing
Thus τ ⊗ σ gives an automorphism of " A " L ( R ) which commutes with the flow id ⊗ λ .	Sing
The norm closed unital * -algebra that these generate yields " A " .	Sing
It had a filler of 21 grains of black powder and used the M10A3 / M10A4 or M204A1 / M204A2 series of fuzes .	Sing
It has a filler of 37.5 grains of black powder and uses the M228 fuze .	Sing
This also used up obsolete ordnance by utilizing worn M30 bodies as its base .	Sing
In 1847 , Harvey married Cordelia Perrine and they moved to Clinton in Rock County , Wisconsin , then to the nearby hamlet of Shopiere .	Sing
A July 2004 opinion of the International Court of Justice treated Gaza as part of the occupied territories .	Sing
Fluor was ranked 153rd in Fortune 500 companies for the year 2017 .	Sing
The company also performs nuclear cleanup and other services .	Sing
Duperré was made Préfet maritime of Toulon during the Hundred Days , and was retired during the Bourbon Restoration .	Sing
In 1827 , he was made Préfet maritime of Brest and inspector of the 5th " arrondissement militaire " .	Sing
The Punisher defeats Jigsaw , but is captured by Alarec and placed in the conditioning room .	Sing
Her film roles include " Lucky Jim " , " Point Blank " and " Don 't Let the Angels Fall " .	Sing
She arrived off Iwo Jima on D-Day ( 19 February ) with the amphibious landing and battle underway .	Sing
On December 2 , 2010 , OMV Petrom inaugurated Petrom City , the headquarters that hosts the company 's central operations .	Sing
In 1993 he formed the quartet Apocalyptica .	Sing
The plan features columns spaced closer together then the canon for classical architecture would have them be placed and oversized pendentives .	Plur
She had her brothers collect dossiers on faults of the Song clan while bribing the servants and eunuchs of Consorts Song to gather their own faults .	Plur
He sent Dou Xian and his brothers back to their marches , but eventually ordered them to commit suicide , with the exception of Dou Gui .	Sing
Empress Dowager Dou remained empress dowager , but lost all power .	Sing
The next year the school had its first ( annual ) Gil Murdock Turkey Trot in his memory , which collects donations for local charities .	Sing
He meets Mei Chaofeng at Guiyun Manor on Lake Tai , where Lu Chengfeng has settled down .	Sing
Huang Yaoshi imprisoned Zhou Botong on his island by sealing all possible exit routes .	Sing
Huang Yaoshi had met Guo Jing earlier at Guiyun Manor and wants to kill Guo to avenge Chen Xuanfeng .	Sing
Understandably , high combat fatigue and low morale meant the " Stab " , " I. "	Sing
The tension between the two led Stanislavski to abandon his duties as a board member and to relinquish all his power over policy decisions .	Sing
Single-molecule fluorescence spectroscopy uses the fluorescence of a molecule for obtaining information on its environment , structure , and position .	Sing
Indian astronomy has a long history stretching from pre-historic to modern times .	Sing
Other astronomers of the classical era who further elaborated on Aryabhata 's work include Brahmagupta , Varahamihira and Lalla .	Sing
He played the superhero Sphinx in the 1999 comedy film " Mystery Men . "	Sing
He formed with George D. Sheldon and others in 1899 the so-called Barney-Sheldon real estate syndicate .	Sing
Lily Barney later told Coroner Harburger that pistols were kept on every floor of the house for protection .	Sing
In December 2008 , an Administrative Review Board cleared Zuhair for release from Guantanamo .	Sing
Zuhair 's lawyers have filed an extensive refutation of the government 's allegations in court .	Sing
A comprehensive 200-page investigation by the UN did not even mention Zuhair .	Sing
Cebuano generally does not use " Tense " , rather it uses " Aspect " .	Sing
The " Stative Form " does not have a " Potential Mood " .	Sing
The " Reciprocal Form " does not have a " Potential Mood " .	Sing
In 1347 , according to the " Tarikh-i Rashidi " , the Dughlat Amir Bulaji raised a certain Tughlugh Timur to the khanship and recognized his authority .	Sing
In 1734 , Nadir Shah attacked Shamakhi with his troop .	Sing
I Sam Mirza occupied New Shamakhi ( Agsu ) to the accompaniment of Surkhay Khan 's troop of fifty thousand .	Sing
Mohammad Said Khan and Agasi Khan occupied Agsu , and then killed Hazhi Mohammad Ali Khan .	Sing
He discovers Neipperg but tells his men that there is no one in the room , and to leave .	Sing
Napoléon orders Caterina to divorce her husband and to retire from a life that is not suitable for her .	Sing
He degrades Neipperg from an officer to a common soldier , and orders his immediate execution .	Sing
Ultimately this attenuates the inflation spiral .	Sing
In his first season as head coach , he coached DePauw to a rare tie against Wabash .	Sing
In 1779 , she married Tiroler Franz , a man with a reputation for criminal behaviour .	Sing
In 2007 , UNESCO included the ' Gobustan Rock Art Cultural Landscape ' in the World Heritage list .	Sing
Two main branches of this Malay invasion entered the Philippine Archipelago via two separate routes .	Sing
The Dutch East India Company bombarded Jolo in 1744 and attacked Basilan soon after , establishing a Dutch base which they called Port Holland in 1746 .	Sing
His son , Azim ud-Din II governed Sulu with his brother after the death of their father .	Sing
It had a storehouse for coal near the shore .	Sing
The Yakans , who traded with the Maranao 's thus regarded the Kuta as " the place where the merchants from Ramitan stayed " .	Sing
This constituted Zamboanga and Basilan Island .	Sing
When President Ramon Magsaysay became the Chief Executive of the republic in 1954 , he appointed Leroy S. Brown as mayor of Basilan City .	Sing
It also created ten ( 10 ) Municipalities to comprise the new Province of Basilan .	Plur
On December 11 , 1975 , President Marcos appointed then Vice-Governor for Administration Asan G. Camlian , a thrice-elected City Councilor .	Sing
The new market retains the name Binə Bazaar despite its lost geographical relevance .	Sing
He informed the condemned that they were sentenced to " hanging until their spirit departs " .	Sing
New laws had allowed the Madurese to assume control of many commercial industries in the province , such as logging , mining , and plantations .	Sing
She attended the Universidad de Zamboanga where she pursued a bachelor 's degree in computer science .	Sing
In 1992 , Stumpf joined Galatasaray Istanbul and went on to win the double of Turkish league title and cup competition in 1993 .	Sing
In September 2007 , Stumpf succeeded Fuat Çapa as head coach at Gençlerbirliği .	Sing
On 5 January 2012 , he succeeded Rudi Bommer as manager of German 3 .	Sing
Yun later joined the Oh Do Kwan in Seoul , where he trained with E Jhoon Chang .	Sing
On 6 August 2011 , Young made his Northampton debut in their 0 – 0 draw with Accrington Stanley , replacing Paul Turnbull in the 70th minute .	Sing
In December , 1976 , Neal C. Wilson , President of the North American Division of the Seventh-day Adventist Church visited Maxwell at Loma Linda University .	Sing
He has pictured the Creator as a harsh , demanding tyrant who lays arbitrary requirements upon His people just to show His authority and test their	Sing
He compares Maxwell to Apollos , because of their shared emphasis on God 's love .	Sing
But Knight does not mention Maxwell and Provonsha by name .	Sing
These wins includes the Champion Hurdle on Alderbrook and the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Master Oats .	Sing
Hays and Stewart defeated the Paiutes in the second Battle of Pyramid Lake .	Plur
He received a brevet ( honorary promotion ) to the rank of major on September 20 , 1863 .	Sing
Mendenhall married Sophia Elizabeth Mix ( 1838 – 1895 ) on November 27 , 1858 .	Sing
At the outbreak of the war , MG John E. Wool retained Mendenhall to train artillery recruits .	Sing
Yong Sheng Feng ’ s key business is wholesaling fertilisers and other chemicals .	Plur
Danny Saltz defeated Chip Hooper 4 – 6 , 6 – 3 , 6 – 4 , 6 – 4	Sing
Other important scents used in VRCR include vanilla , pizza , coffee , whiskey , cigarette smoke , beer , and pine trees .	Sing
John Fitzgerald / Chris Lewis defeated Broderick Dyke / Wally Masur 7 – 6 , 6 – 2	Sing
It aired immediately after a clip-show that recaps the first four seasons and aired back-to-back with the next episode , " The Lie " .	Sing
Before the broadcast was aired " Lost : Destiny Calls " , a clip-show recapping the first four seasons .	Sing
In contrast , netropsin does not bind single stranded DNA or double stranded RNA .	Sing
That year he played on-stage with performers such as Jackson Browne and Les Paul .	Sing
Much of the battlefield again became a quagmire , making movement extremely difficult .	Sing
The 3rd Australian Division would attack Passchendaele ridge and the village and the New Zealand Division was to capture the Bellevue Spur .	Sing
Further south , the New Zealand Division captured two pillboxes , with help from 3rd Australian Division troops in the area .	Plur
Small parties reached Source Trench and some may have advanced as far as Vat Cottages .	Sing
Ellaby retired as the England and St. Helens ' all-time top try-scorer .	Sing
In 2015 STL established a post-graduate LL.M .	Sing
Competing at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens in the K-1 event , he finished twenty-third in the qualification round , failing to progress to the semifinals .	Sing
Lazar Popovski is well known Macedonian whitewater kayaker competing at four editions of Olympic Games in Barcelona , Atlanta , Sydney and Athens .	Sing
In both the cases , the router MUST NOT tunnel the datagram .	Sing
Instead it should discard the datagram .	Sing
By April 10 , Post had reviewed a backlog of 1600 cases and dismissed 71 % of them .	Sing
The physician replied , " Intercourse with them must be regulated . "	Sing
Zheng Xuan 's commentary explains " dugu " 毒蠱 " poisonous " gu " " as " wugs that cause sickness in people " .	Sing
Loewe 1970 : 195 ) also defines " gu " as " the spirits of convicted criminals whose heads had been exposed on stakes . "	Sing
As the legal measures of individual dynasties demonstrate , administrative officials viewed ku as a reality , as late as the nineteenth century .	Sing
one Chao Shen kept canine " ku " .	Sing
543 CE ) " Yupian " dictionary defines " gu " as " longstanding grain that transforms into flying insects " .	Sing
Mei 1929 : 208 ) uses " gu " to criticize Confucius , who " dresses elaborately and puts on adornments to mislead the people . "	Sing
For several generations they manufactured " ku " , becoming rich from it .	Sing
Suddenly she noticed a large cauldron in the house , and on opening it , perceived a big snake inside .	Sing
If he is not forthwith medically treated , it devours his five viscera , which entails his death .	Sing
give " ku " derived from particularly venomous creatures to overcome that taken from less lethal creatures .	Sing
It is not certain what real maladies these repellent drugs , cured , or seemed to cure .	Plur
He became the first fiddler to play at an NHL hockey game when the Edmonton Oilers invited him to play during the Stanley Cup Finals in 1988 .	Sing
He became a horticulturist at the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station in Geneva , New York in 1905 .	Sing
The Miss Bhutan crown , designed in India , is worth another Nu 100,000 .	Sing
In his review of " Happy Hour , " Michael C. Harris of " Rolling Stone " wrote of the song : " A parable of self-emasculation ?	Sing
Very early morning , Bunny receives a vague and distressing telephone call from Raffles , telling Bunny that he has fallen into Maguire 's trap .	Sing
In her own words , " that 's what always kept Hagrid safe " .	Sing
Scottish actor Robbie Coltrane has portrayed Hagrid in all of the film adaptations of the " Harry Potter " novels .	Sing
Former English rugby union player Martin Bayfield portrayed Hagrid as a stunt performer in longer shots due to his large size to emphasise Hagrid ’ s height .	Sing
Professor Dumbledore would recruit Hagrid as an agent of the Order of the Phoenix during both wizarding wars .	Sing
MacDougall had held Glenrothes and its forerunner , Central Fife , since 2001 , when he succeeded Henry McLeish .	Plur
The closest living genetic relatives of humans , apes and especially chimpanzees , possess an almost complete covering of fur .	Sing
The scrotum contains the external spermatic fascia , testes , epididymis , and ductus deferens .	Sing
Unlike placental mammals , some male marsupials have a scrotum that is anterior to the penis , although there are several marsupial species without an external scrotum .	Sing
At the end of the 2005-06 season , Coulibaly joined the West-Flemish fellow Second Division team KV Kortrijk on a two-year-contract .	Sing
He beat India 's Chetan Anand in the second round by winning rubber games 9-21 22-20 21-17 .	Sing
Cosmetic companies have developed shampoos specifically for those who have dandruff .	Plur
Many companies have also developed color-protection shampoos suitable for colored hair ; some of these shampoos contain gentle cleansers according to their manufacturers .	Plur
Shampoo intended for animals may contain insecticides or other medications for treatment of skin conditions or parasite infestations such as fleas or mange .	Plur
They commonly contain benzoyl peroxide , chlorhexidine , povidone iodine , triclosan , ethyl lactate , or sulfur .	Sing
These usually contain colloidal oatmeal , hydrocortisone , Aloe vera , pramoxine hydrochloride , menthol , diphenhydramine , sulfur or salicylic acid .	Sing
Natural ingredients that might be potential allergens for some pets include eucalyptus , lemon or orange extracts and tea tree oil .	Sing
Less common colors recognized in the United States include roan and palomino .	Sing
The film received both boos and a standing ovation during its premiere at the Venice Film Festival .	Plur
and enjoy its roller-coaster-of-weird exhibitionism .	Sing
makes one lick of sense as Darren Aronofsky 's corny vision of madness turns more hilarious than scary .	Sing
He founded Beau Canada Explorations Ltd . , AgJunction and Stonebridge Merchant Capital Corp .	Plur
Lang founded Beau Canada Explorations in 1988 and sat as Vice Chairman for 11 years .	Plur
He served as Kapellmeister to Paris von Lodron , the Prince-Bishop of Salzburg , from 1640 to 1651 .	Sing
From the north end of Lake Louisa flows Crooked Creek into Lake Susan , a small lake with similar depth to Lake Louisa surrounded by swampland .	Sing
He then became a B4U VJ and hosted several shows , gaining popularity as " VJ Keith " .	Sing
Ishihara next faced Horacio Gutiérrez on August 6 , 2016 at UFC Fight Night 92 .	Sing
Ishihara faced Artem Lobov on November 19 , 2016 at UFC Fight Night 99 .	Sing
Ishihara faced Gray Maynard on July 7 , 2017 at .	Sing
He knocked down Dy 20 second in round one but Dy managed to survive .	Sing
Ishihara faced promotional newcomer Petr Yan on June 23 , 2018 at UFC Fight Night 132 .	Sing
The Buffalo Bills selected Lawson in the first round ( 19th overall ) of the 2016 NFL Draft .	Sing
In " Casper : A Spirited Beginning " he portrayed a Grocer whom Casper innocently approached causing him to run in fear .	Sing
For the goal valence mechanism , Fox and Hoffman ( 2002 ) describe valence as " the extent of attractiveness or desirability of the goal . "	Sing
Agriculturist , trade unionist , teacher , political and social worker	Sing
The film explores internet addiction , cyber bullying , social phobia and lack of morale - self-esteem among youngsters .	Sing
He has studied B Com at Cooperative College Jamshedpur and done PhD .	Sing
In 1885 he was a founding member of the " Société des études du Comminges " ( 1885 ) .	Plur
Communist governments in Vietnam and Laos ban gambling and the strict Buddhist cultures of Thailand and Myanmar also prohibit gaming .	Sing
It features Varun Tej and Disha Patani in the lead roles while Revathi and Posani Krishna Murali appear in crucial supporting roles .	Sing
In 2015 he filed a PIL in the High Court of Karnataka in W.P .	Sing
Over the succeeding two centuries it has undergone several restructurings and renovations and for time in the mid-20th century functioned as a cinema .	Plur
He replaced Vasili Glazunov as the commander of the 3rd Airborne Corps from October to November .	Sing
Following the airing of the episode , Cha 's name became the most searched keyword on the search engines for two consecutive days .	Sing
The participants make bots which are subjected to fire , water , and different type of obstacles .	Plur
Workshop on exceptional Ethical Hacking expertise saw Rizwan Shaikh , founder of Pristine InfoSolutions preside over it .	Sing
Sheattack 's Charnelle Schindel found the plot " lackluster " but overall she felt Onigiri was generally " great fun to play . "	Sing
This development brought West Berlin 's S-Bahn back into public awareness and restored its popularity .	Sing
Jahangirganj is a counted by National Highway 233A ( India ) is going Tanda To Rajesultanpur and Azamgarh .	Sing
The train formation included 8 soft sleeper and 6 hard sleeper carriages , but this was changed to a full soft sleeper formation in 2010 .	Sing
Gulyamhaydarov coached FC Kairat between 1999 and 2003 , where he was also the Manager for a short period in 2003 .	Sing
Gulyamhaydarov coached Kairat between 2004 and 2005 , and then FC Zhetysu in 2006 .	Sing
The party advocates labor rights and opposes deregulation and privatisation of public services .	Sing
In 2015 Kerr released Contemplation , which is a compilation of some of Trudy ’ s Best work .	Sing
None of these stars exhibited such dimming .	Sing
The Bears defeated the Renegades 3 – 2 and advanced to Round Two of the Elimination Qualifiers .	Plur
The film stars Vivian Sung as Lin Cheng-hsin , an ordinary schoolgirl , and Darren Wang as Hsu Tai-yu , the school 's notorious gang leader .	Sing
With her husband , she helped educate over thirty " gifted children " .	Sing
Rising north of the Kalsubai range , it drains Igatpuri , Nashik and Niphad Talukas of Nashik District .	Sing
Scherzer was the inventor of a refinement of the bascule bridge called the Scherzer rolling lift bridge .	Sing
With his aunt 's help , Adolfo joined Cristóbal Balenciaga as an apprentice milliner .	Sing
In 1953 Adolfo joined the New York-based wholesale millinery company Emme as their chief designer .	Sing
They urged émigrés to follow modernist developments and replicate steps taken in Soviet literature .	Plur
In February 1945 , Slonim finally met Nabokov at a dinner party in New York .	Sing
A year later , he commemorated Pasternak by moderating a round table for Radio Liberty .	Sing
Italian writer Italo Calvino , who visited Sarah Lawrence College in 1959 , called Slonim " the most famous expert on Russian literature in America " .	Sing
Social historian Lawrence H. Schwartz notes its " vitriolic " critique of the Union of Soviet Writers .	Sing
He married Winifred Downes in 1936 in Coventry .	Sing
Such promises include the sending of Erdoğan to the Court of Cassation and turning the new presidential palace into a museum about Atatürk and the Republic .	Sing
On August 5 , 1996 , Vazquez opened Urban Family Practice P.C. , a private family practice .	Sing
A strong advocate of using technological resources to advance healthcare , Vazquez has developed several iPhone and Android Applications .	Sing
She learned Bharatanatyam , modern and Bangladeshi dance under Hero .	Sing
Chandni married musician Bappa Mazumder on 21 March 2008 and got divorced in 2017 .	Sing
Owen left Omaha in 1963 and later in life , Owen contracted cancer .	Sing
He has done his Matric from Senior Model High School Patiala , and completed 12th from Mahendra College Patiala .	Sing
On July 1 , 2002 , he presented an episode of the Sveriges Radio show " Sommar i P1 " .	Sing
Chu has been writing " Red Sonja " for Dynamite Entertainment since late 2016 .	Sing
In between some lyrical lines and for his guitar solo , Clapton uses a Dobro , playing with the slide guitar technique .	Sing
" I Took a Pill in Ibiza	Sing
Matt sent us the multitrack of Mike 's new EP and we picked " Ibiza " right away .	Sing
It portrays Posner as a druggie whose face is replaced by a papier-mâchéd mask .	Sing
Some preparations of " may also include quinoa .	Sing
In 1642 no Mastersons signed the Remonstrance of the Cheshire commons in support for Parliament Brereton held Nantwich for Parliament after fierce fighting early in 1643 .	Sing
It stars Desmond Elliot , Blossom Chukwujekwu , Adesua Etomi , Tamara Eteimo and Kofi Adjorlolo .	Sing
She convinced Muna to follow her to an event , to the distaste of Muna .	Sing
Koehler brought ostriches to the resort to provide guests with ostrich races .	Plur
He petitioned Kaiser Wilhelm II in January 1900 to approve the project .	Sing
So the clerks notebook would contain " Aldebaran , R 3 , L 456 " in which R stood for rotor and L for letter .	Sing
Unusually , the pair won Best Adapted Screenplay for adapting their own work .	Sing
Exceptional individual Safavid carpets include the Ardabil Carpet ( now in London and Los Angeles ) and the Coronation Carpet ( now in Copenhagen ) .	Sing
Other ethnicities include Romani , Germans , Italians , and Jews .	Sing
Using these two , we can derive the random variate for the MLP distribution to be :	Sing
The gold and white statue depicts Saraswati standing on a lotus with three young students at her feet , one of which is Barack Obama .	Sing
" Hold Me Tight ( 1933 film )	Sing
Hold Me Tight is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by David Butler and written by Gladys Lehman .	Sing
In 2006 Kley joined Merck as a member of the executive board , and he became CEO of Merck in April 2007 .	Sing
The Times subsequently published a half-page obituary about him on 16 January 2019 .	Sing
By the mid-20th century , the street had a successful mercantile and commercial nature , mainly with craft workshops and gastronomy .	Sing
A Halal butcher 's was firebombed , and white gangs attacked Bengalis .	Plur
Alcadia conuloides is a species of tropical land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae .	Sing
She defeats a large scorpion with the help of the army and then duels Black alone .	Sing
The South Korean government forced Kia to halt car production in 1981 , assessing the Korean auto market as too competitive .	Sing
Production began with the second generation Kia Sorento on November 16 , 2009 .	Sing
The facility currently manufactures the second generation Forte and the fourth generation Rio .	Sing
In practice , it has meant the forming of a new institution , the city government ( ) .	Sing
He built Fort Meigs in Ohio as well as other fortifications .	Plur
He also played NBL in 1992 but left the following year when he was again drafted by Geelong to the AFL .	Sing
Later , he produced " Harischandra " and " Tulasi Jalandhara " in Tamil language which were successful .	Sing
Google operates a large datacenter in The Dalles , and Facebook built a large datacenter near Prineville in 2010 .	Sing
Amazon opened a datacenter near Boardman in 2011 , and a fulfillment center in Troutdale in 2018 .	Sing
Prof. Wantchekon 's research interests include democratization , clientelism and redistributive politics , resource curse , the long-term social impact of historical events , and development economics .	Sing
Three hundred people of the area pledged a penny a month for the work .	Sing
St. Bartolo Longo composed the “ Novena of Petition ” in July of 1879 , testing it to himself while he suffered of typhoid fever .	Sing
The vessel was given a Maori blessing in Raglan before she left to cross the Pacific .	Sing
He films the clubbing of around 500 baby seals .	Sing
In 2001 , the Suncorp Group acquired GIO as part of AMP 's general insurance interests .	Sing
This tectonic collision created Sunda volcanic Arc that has produced chains of islands of Sumatra , Java and the Lesser Sunda Islands .	Sing
Cipari megalith site also in West Java displayed monolith , stone terraces , and sarcophagus .	Sing
From 1953 to 1956 he studied Hungarian and Polish at Eötvös Loránd University .	Sing
In 1938 , he married Catherine Ahern in Childers .	Sing
During one period of his service in the Philippines , McLaren commanded a 26-foot whaleboat called " The Bastard " .	Sing
Following this he became a government veterinarian in New Guinea .	Sing
He made the Oakland Athletics Opening Day bullpen in 2012 .	Sing
Lucky becomes a welcome distraction for her and the boys over the next few seasons , especially when Trevor is deployed .	Sing
He presented " Jornal da Globo " between 1989 and 1992 alongside Fátima Bernardes .	Sing
Afterwards in the dressing room , she received acupuncture for her injury .	Sing
On June 24 , Jung released the PV for " Something Special "	Sing
He entered the Asahi Kasei after graduating from Tsukuba University .	Sing
In 1978 , he joined the Philadelphia Fever of the Major Indoor Soccer League for one season .	Sing
In 1993 , he left Philadelphia Textile after compiling a 103 – 52 – 23 record .	Sing
In various references it is also called Bethel Historical and Literary Society , Bethel Literary .	Sing
Themistius dedicated him a panegyric .	Sing
He marries Heidi , a German Intelligence Officer , and becomes a formidable secret agent dubbed ' White Sword . '	Sing
In chronological order it goes the Third Sequence , First Sequence , then the Second Sequence .	Sing
The Second World War meant an interruption of his education .	Sing
Both editions include an afterword by Timothy Flinders .	Sing
In July 2018 , she married her teammate Dane van Niekerk .	Sing
Alexander married Hermione " Hermi " Weill of New Orleans before serving in the United States Marines during World War II .	Sing
On April 2018 , Watson-Siriboe joined KTP in Ykkönen .	Sing
He and Ibrahim Ali asked Karpal Singh , who was wheelchair-bound after the accident to stand up and show respect to the Dewan Speaker .	Sing
At that time he married his relative Zissel Gestetner .	Sing
Rabbi Greenwald expanded the Hust Yeshiva , which became one of the largest yeshivas of Hungarian Jewry .	Sing
Expert oversight of the work of the security and intelligence agencies and OTC is one of the key functions of UVNS .	Sing
Iran will join WTO as a full member only at the conclusion of this multi-year process and the implementation of the Iranian Economic Reform Plan .	Sing
From the 2010 season teams will use the Ginetta G40 , having previously used the Ginetta G20 .	Sing
In Figure 2 , you can really see the steepness of the cliff face , which is where the lava flow met the ice sheet .	Sing
Ice-marginal lava flows are a keystone in Ruapehu ’ s history and are well displayed in the Wahainoa Lava Formation ( Figure 4 ) .	Sing
The GCR absorbed the WJR on 1 January 1906 .	Sing
Chip Matthews , Geoff Maddock and Nick Gaffaney , who all played on the album , joined Moa on the tour .	Sing
This makes it Moa 's second-highest peaking album , behind " Thinking Room " ( 2001 ) , which peaked at number-one on the Albums Chart .	Sing
His work involved the surveying for and hand drawing of Ordnance Survey maps .	Sing
In 1986 , Carpenter designed and developed the font , Calisto MT , an old style serif .	Sing
It houses primarily sophomores and juniors .	Plur
These buildings comprise the Southwest Quad , which was completed in 2003 .	Sing
The ADS can adapt a suppressor and optical sights .	Sing
Considerable melting of glacial ice can create massive lahars and glacial outburst floods known as jökulhlaups .	Plur
Subglacial eruptions occur when a volcano erupts under ice .	Plur
After World War I and Austria-Hungary both ended , Jindra became a major mover in founding a Czechoslovakian air arm , which he eventually rose to command .	Sing
Standing strong our alma mater	Sing
The basal leaves have narrow , sharp-tipped stipules while the upper leaves have elliptical stipules which are longer than the leaf stalks .	Plur
Political prisoners took over important positions as " prisoner functionaries " until liberation .	Plur
Later that afternoon , US forces entered Buchenwald .	Sing
The season follows the Akatsuki leader Pain invading the Leaf Village and attempting to kidnap Naruto Uzumaki .	Sing
Part of her accomplishments included player scouting , sponsorship and marketing campaigns to operate the team .	Sing
Judges for the 2016 MoCCA Arts Festival Awards of Excellence included Calista Brill , Cliff Chiang , Charles Kochman , Mark Newgarden , and Lauren Weinstein .	Sing
Binghamton subsequently defeated UMBC 61 – 51 in the America East Tournament Championship Game to make their debut in the 2009 NCAA Tournament as a 15th seed .	Sing
Synopsis : shows the Opal as it adapts to Jack 's absence .	Sing
The daily Links also features an Antidote du Jour , normally a picture of an animal .	Sing
He has been awarded a Drama Desk and an Obie Award for Sustained and Consistent Excellence in Stage Combat .	Sing
He commanded the NJG 1 for three years and in partnership with General Josef Kammhuber developed a highly effective night fighter force .	Sing
The reverse side of the Medal bears the Singapore Civil Defence Crest within a laurel wreath and with a scroll underneath the laurel wreath .	Sing
Additional Broadway credits include " The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas " and " The Pirates of Penzance " ( chorus ) .	Sing
He accompanied Plato and Simmias in philosophical discussions with Chonuphis of Memphis .	Sing
He left Inverness at the end of the 2011 – 12 season .	Plur
On 5 December the ship rejoined the 2nd Cruiser Squadron at Scapa Flow .	Sing
Allen made his Frome debut in a 1 – 0 home win on 10 March 2012 , against Barwell .	Sing
On October 16 , 2014 , the eleven-piece band with four man horn section played Warmdaddy 's on S Columbus Blvd in Philadelphia .	Sing
Drummers that use OCDP include : Travis Barker , Adrian Young , Adrian Corwin , Alex Dontre and John Otto , Erik Sandin .	Sing
His first ship was the battlecruiser HMS " Tiger " .	Sing
Ramsay married Megan Scannell on 8 August 1987 .	Sing
The NPL guides the EPA in " determining which sites warrant further investigation " for environmental remediation .	Sing
Officers are issued the Heckler & Koch HK45 Compact .45 ACP which replaced the Heckler & Koch USP as their standard issue sidearm .	Sing
The Western allies suspected the establishment of a puppet state and did not recognize Renner .	Sing
The Soviets vetoed Raab , due to his political role in the 1930s .	Sing
The strike intensified the militarization of Western Austria , with active input from France and the CIA .	Sing
Molotov invited Raab to Moscow for bilateral negotiations that , if successful , had to be followed by a Four Powers conference .	Sing
Although Mark was desperate for Tricia to have chemotherapy , she proved reluctant , deciding that her previous cycles had been too grueling .	Sing
Ebba von Sydow married Johan Kleberg in January 2011 , the couple live in Stockholm .	Sing
The company changed its ticker from ( NYSE : SKH ) to ( NYSE : GEN ) .	Sing
Genesis operates approximately 450 Skilled Nursing Facilities and Assisted / Senior Living Communities across the nation located in 30 states .	Plur
The film also starred Tobin Bell , Jon Polito , Tyler Mane , Rob Van Dam , Traci Lords , and Scott Adkins	Sing
Meanwhile , Black Mask has found the geneticist who may be able to cure him , Dr. Marco Leung .	Sing
Sneaking out , Black Mask has another scuffle with the wrestlers but successfully finds the chemical needed for the animal cure .	Sing
He married Priscilla Penton in 1835 and they had 14 children , one also called Rowland who played cricket for Gloucestershire , another called Peter .	Sing
Brotherhood left Chippenham in 1868 and was appointed general manager of the Bute Ironworks in Cardiff .	Sing
Lott married Permelia Darrow on April 27 , 1823 .	Sing
Joseph F. Smith despised Lott for his actions .	Sing
It featured a Mexican cattleman played by William Holden and a military colonel depicted by Richard Widmark .	Sing
Following her father 's death , Donna adopted her half-niece Mia .	Sing
In 2004 , she had a lesbian liaison with Mickie .	Sing
The German Luftwaffe and Soviet Long Range Aviation bombed the Estonian capital Tallinn several times during World War II .	Sing
He co-founded Awami Jamhuri Ittehad Pakistan ( AJIP ) in 2010 .	Sing
Melchiorre married Kay Boles in 1951 .	Plur
Director Ang Lee tasked Doyle with creating a gentle score reflecting the emotional suppression of the society featured in the film .	Sing
In the 2010 movie " Red " , the characters visit Mobile .	Sing
The movie starred Armand Assante , Norman Reedus , and Dagmara Dominczyk .	Sing
In 1933 he married secondly Marjorie Joan Sarjeant , and they had one son .	Sing
Britton was posthumously awarded Irish Motorcyclist of the Year , the highest honour in Irish motorcycling , on 6 November 2005 .	Sing
In 1986 , he , and team mate Marcelo Balboa , took Fram-Culver all the way to the U-19 McGuire Cup title .	Sing
The Los Angeles Galaxy of MLS selected Pena in the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft .	Sing
Apple has some roll-over accordions .	Plur
The Media Institute of Southern Africa awarded Lister for having " almost single-handedly kept up the mantle of press freedom in Namibia . "	Sing
Typical residential architectural styles include " Hansel and Gretel " , Neo-Tudor , Arts & Crafts , and Foursquare bungalows .	Sing
His heroism on the 20th made Keeble a legend - and 57 years later resulted in his posthumous Medal of Honor .	Sing
" He once told a relative that the fourth attempt he was either going to take them out or die trying , " Hawkins said .	Sing
On July 23 , 2008 , North Dakota Governor John Hoeven posthumously presented Keeble with the Theodore Roosevelt Rough Rider Award .	Sing
He remained a fugitive until 1987 when he was arrested in Tokyo after entering Japan on a forged passport .	Sing
If you 've had your fill of porter ,	Sing
Took a mot and lost her , up the Furry Glen .	Sing
Politoys had the Rivolta and Corgi and Matchbox made the Grifo ubiquitous , but nobody else made the Fidia S4 .	Sing
While at Unalaska , Martínez had Haro temporarily arrested , during which time Narváez was in command of the " San Carlos " .	Sing
Narváez commanded the " Santa Saturnina " , with the pilot Juan Carrasco .	Sing
Overall Narváez remained a royalist and continued to serve the navy .	Sing
Narváez was appointed Commandant of the Department of San Blas , a position he kept until 1827 when the post was suspended due to funding cuts .	Sing
SHS QC now offers Nursery up to Senior High School .	Sing
Other series have included " Revealing Ramadan " and " Living Islam " and " The Civil Conversations Project . "	Sing
These attachments cause an abnormal stretching of the spinal cord .	Sing
In adulthood , the signs and symptoms often include progressive sensory and motor problems and loss of bowel and bladder control .	Sing
The surgical procedure required for the effective treatment of diastematomyelia includes decompression ( surgery ) of neural elements and removal of bony spur .	Sing
The council summoned Ramsay and Rose before it , declared the address to be illegal , and ordered it to be suppressed .	Sing
Sharp inhibited Ramsay , and proceeded to London .	Sing
She plays the " Sasserno " Stradivarius , made in 1717 .	Sing
The Prescription Drug User Fee Act allows the FDA to augment its budget by charging fees to pharmaceutical firms .	Sing
In effect , the user fee act put the FDA on the payroll of the industry it regulates .	Sing
This allows the FDA to charge huge licensing fees to drug manufacturers , which has led to enormous increases in generic drug pricing .	Sing
While the FDA has not approved marijuana it has approved THC ( a compound found in cannabis ) as an active ingredient for medicinal use .	Sing
The Spanish took Genoa by assault , and Fregoso was compelled to seek safety on a French vessel .	Sing
WBRU in Providence , Rhode Island aired " Tarantula " twice in 15 minutes the same day .	Sing
We Shall Not Flag Or Fail , We Shall Go On To The End is the first full length album by accordion singer-songwriter Geoff Berner .	Sing
As a social class , " alipin " had several subclasses based on the nature of their obligations and their dependence on their masters :	Plur
After arriving at the club , he was given the nickname " toffee " due to his penchant for chewing sweets .	Sing
But the next day , Inderjeet sees Divya with the bandaged kidnapper walking out of the hospital and determines that she was faking her love .	Sing
Inderjeet escapes the police and rescues Divya .	Sing
The film was initially titled " Indrajit " , but was later retitled " Kalaignan " .	Sing
The film also stars Khushboo , Goundamani , Mano , Vadivelu , Charlie , Manorama , Jaishankar and Nizhalgal Ravi , among others .	Sing
Later , Velan and his friends follow Sumathi to a 5-star restaurant .	Sing
Sivamani kills the General and frames Velan .	Sing
Serbia became a parliamentary and constitutional monarchy .	Sing
The caves which the film was shot in were earlier called Devil 's Kitchen , Kodaikanal .	Sing
In " Thaamirabharani " ( 2007 ) , Aarthi mistakes Vishal as Kamal 's character from the film .	Sing
He finds Tripathi 's stash of diamonds and takes it .	Sing
Tripathi 's search for his diamonds using Chandram proves futile .	Sing
The squadron operates the CH-146 Griffon .	Sing
At the start of the Cold War the squadron flew the de Havilland Vampire Mk IIIs and then F-86 Sabre Mk V aircraft .	Plur
This leads Appu to learn about his father 's murder and decides to avenge him .	Sing
But Appu uses a Rube Goldbergian contraption to kill him , and the dead body falls in a lorry covered with hay .	Sing
He asked Candolle to return his manuscripts , which Candolle did after having the talented botanical illustrator , Jean-Christophe Heyland , make copies of the plates .	Sing
His reign saw great liberality with the treasury in granting lands and other gifts to Pisans , probably as the price of their alliance .	Sing
Angola defeated Senegal 70 – 61 in the final to win their eighth title .	Sing
Because of their typical sweet taste ( as Poles prefer vodkas to be more on the dry side ) other brands were preferred over them .	Plur
a locally defined set of four linearly independent vector fields called a tetrad .	Sing
( When generalised to other than four dimensions this approach is given other names , see Cartan formalism . )	Sing
The abstract index notation denotes tensors as if they were represented by their coefficients with respect to a fixed local tetrad .	Plur
Popular tetrad bases include orthonormal tetrads and null tetrads .	Plur
The involvement of the coordinate tetrad is not usually made explicit in the standard formalism .	Sing
The National Psychosis Carers ' Group , which meets monthly , supports the carers and families of people with psychosis and allows them a forum for discussion .	Plur
In 2003 , Mason Myers and Tim Veitzer purchased NHI from the school 's founder .	Sing
" Amphicyclotulus amethystinus " has spiral threads absent or only weakly present .	Sing
Notables performing at StorySLAMs include Moby , Lily Taylor , and Frank McCourt .	Sing
The Bog Demon had captured damsels at Lakeside Bar and he was trying to breed with them .	Plur
In 2007 , the Bog Demon had kidnapped damsels to breed and the Questers had saved all but one- and the spawning had occurred .	Plur
On this new mount , Horn and William Molesworth set an Albatros D.III afire on 5 August 1917 .	Sing
In 1928 the 3rd / 6th Dragoons were renamed the 3rd Carabiniers .	Plur
Essex won the Region XIX in 1992 and Jean-Charles was named Regional Player of the Year after scoring 9 goals and 3 assists during the tournament .	Sing
A recipient of the Adidas Academic All-American in 94 and 95 , Frantz graduated Magna Cum Laude .	Sing
The Stallions later joined the USISL and Frantz stayed with the only team he has played for .	Sing
Radosavljević represented FR Yugoslavia at Under-18 and Under-21 level .	Sing
Flight 871 took off from Copenhagen – Kastrup at 09 : 44 UTC .	Sing
Macrae also exposed the corrupt practises of the Bombay governor Walsh who had tampered with official accounts .	Plur
The ensuing scandal compelled Macrae to resign in February 1730 .	Sing
Even stranger to mountain folk was Sheffey ’ s insistence on cleanliness .	Sing
They force Thilakan to stay home enclosed in a room without roaming outside so as to claim the insurance amount .	Sing
The climax scene shows Thilakan and Kaviyoor Ponnamma accompanied by Krishnan Kutty Nair also and the 3 travelling away from their children to lead a new life .	Sing
2011 saw the self-release of “ Bent ” , which was later re-released by Dovecote Records .	Sing
After a few auditions in 1991 , she replaced singer Keiko Terada within the all-female Japanese metal band Show-Ya , using her full name Steffanie Borges .	Sing
They then supported Alesana , A Static Lullaby , Motionless In White , and Greeley Estates on the " En-Tour-Age " Tour .	Sing
He joined the Casey Scorpions in the Victorian Football League in 2006 , winning selection in the VFL 's under 23 team .	Plur
He was given the baptismal name Geevarghese .	Sing
P.T.Geevarghese envisioned the Ashram also being a shelter for the poor and the marginalised .	Sing
He received the name Geevarghese Mar Ivanios .	Plur
Crawford re-joined Dartford on loan on 15 February 2013 .	Sing
Crawford re-joined Dartford for a third spell on 29 July 2014 .	Sing
From 1988-98 , the Blades represented New Brunswick at the Women 's National Hockey Championship .	Sing
At the 1905 Carnival , no one would challenge Rossland , so the team split into two teams and played each other .	Sing
The bench featured Lorraine Cannon and Mayme Leahy .	Sing
Part of her accomplishments included player scouting , sponsorship and marketing campaigns to operate the team .	Sing
In 2006 a group of local parents led by Lynn Vanderveeken revived the Lipstick Tourney .	Sing
For the inaugural series , the Ontario Champion Preston Rivulettes played the Western Champion Edmonton Rustlers .	Plur
Weir later wrote a novelisation of " The Water Margin " , based on the BBC TV series .	Sing
He joined LPB in June 2017 .	Sing
Shortly after the outbreak of the Civil War , Clary was appointed chief quartermaster for the Department of West Virginia .	Sing
The remaining nine cards form the talon and are placed face down across the turn-up , so that half of the latter card is visible .	Sing
If there is only one talon card left on the trump turn-up , a player may exchange , but not close , the talon .	Sing
At first they used a Commodore Amiga 1200 , an 8-bit sampler , and a Boss Dr. 5 rhythm box .	Sing
By 1993 , GA ’ s reinsurance division had grown its life reinsurance in force to $ 114.7 billion .	Sing
The most important groups of the Corsican mafia include the Unione Corse and the Brise de Mer gang .	Sing
This gene and the downstream genes probably comprise an operon that encodes various subunits of ubiquinone reductase enzyme .	Sing
According to the " Mingshi " a certain Phagmodrupa ruler called Tashi Zangpo ruled after 1579 .	Sing
Although the Phagmodrupa led a Kagyu school of Buddhism , Ngawang Drakpa Gyaltsen supported Sonam Gyatso and the Gelugpa .	Sing
The delegation received the young Fourth Dalai Lama , Yonten Gyatso , who was a Mongol prince , and brought him to Tibet .	Sing
The station pioneered a Religious Format here in East Tennessee .	Sing
WKXV broadcasts 50 % Religious / Talk Programming and devotes the other 50 % to Southern , Traditional , and Christian Country Gospel Music .	Sing
Although the author summarizes the reasoning of legislatures and courts that overrode the First Amendment , he does not analyze the unfolding of constitutional doctrines . "	Sing
They speak Kutchi , with large number of Sindhi loanwords .	Sing
In 2002 he became the second Slovenian to compete at five Olympics , after Rajmond Debevec ( who went on to compete at three more Olympics ) .	Sing
Other major changes include the reorientation of the drive way and the addition of a swimming pool and various other aspects .	Sing
After the game , Illini fans and player praised Steger for his sportsmanship and bravery in the game .	Sing
" Longicrusavis " has a rostrum that is more robust than that of " Hongshanornis " .	Sing
Tanzania knocked Cameroon out on penalties and were drawn against Nigeria for their next qualifying match .	Sing
He ordained Elijah , the future archbishop of Nisibis , at the monastery of Mar Shemʿon in his role as bishop of Shenna on 15 September 994 .	Sing
Yohannan consecrated Elijah as bishop of Beth Nuhadra ( present-day Dohuk , Iraq ) on 15February 1002 .	Sing
In 1768 , he became the concertmaster of the Zweibrücken court orchestra , where he remained until 1772 .	Sing
The event marked the silver jubilee of the Commission .	Sing
Blasphemy laws include Article 295 , Sections B and C , and Article 298 , Sections A , B and C , of the Pakistan Penal Code .	Sing
For extra earnings , he also became a trucker .	Sing
The trial earned Biggs the 1998 Kansas Outstanding Prosecutor Award .	Sing
After interviewing 15 candidates , Governor Mark Parkinson chose Biggs to fill the vacancy .	Sing
On November 2 , 2010 , Kobach defeated Biggs by a margin of 59 % -37 % .	Sing
After the Second World War , Mohandas K. Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru visited Netaji Bhawan .	Sing
Recently , in 2007 , Prime Minister of Japan Shinzō Abe visited the Netaji Bhawan .	Sing
On 8 December 1889 , the Bavarian State Parliament approved the doubling of the single-track line between Fürth and Rottendorf , which was completed by 1891 .	Sing
The other route left Morgantown and ran parallel to the Monongahela River , going through the town of New Geneva , Pa . , to Uniontown .	Sing
Former Kanawha County slave Lizzie Grant explained- " Slavery had not ended , no we just went from slaves to peons ...	Sing
In June 1995 , the Sockers transferred Tinsley to FC Saarbrücken He spent the 1995 – 1996 season in Germany .	Sing
On July 12 , 1996 , the Sockers selected Tinsley with the first pick in the 1996 CISL Supplemental Draft .	Sing
On February 2 , 1997 , the Kansas City Wizards selected Tinsley in the first round ( seventh overall ) of the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft .	Sing
OPC Xi defines a .NET interface with the combined functionality of OPC DA , HDA , AE and a rather simple data model .	Sing
The use of WCF allows OPC Xi to be functional with small and large networks .	Sing
The accounts he managed included Zest , Gravy Train , Benson & Hedges , and The U.S. Committee for UNICEF .	Sing
Mr. Blumenfeld was appointed Deputy Undersecretary of the Army in April , 1977 , and shortly thereafter as Acting Assistant Secretary ( Civil Works ) .	Sing
Oracle Corporation acquired OPA in December 2008 when it purchased Australian software company RuleBurst Holdings , then trading as Haley .	Sing
When Oracle acquired RuleBurst , Oracle also began jointly marketing OPA with the Siebel CRM solution .	Sing
It includes small opossums with generally grayish , sometimes reddish , fur that are mainly distinguished from other opossums by characters of the skull .	Plur
A phylogenetic analysis corroborated the distinctness of " Cryptonanus " and " Gracilinanus " .	Sing
He became a Chartered Accountant in 1983 and set up his public practice in the same year .	Sing
The large lumber mill had a conveyor belt piling sawdust , which went to a Portland General Electric plant located next door .	Sing
By 1916 , Makhluto and Andranik had extended the Armenian frontier and participated in the Battle of Bitlis against Mustafa Kemal and in the Battle of Dilman .	Sing
The newly appointed Communist government began a severe crackdown on former Dashnak nationalists , politicians , and military personnel .	Sing
In 2009 , Rabbi Weintraub opposed an " Adopt a Soldier " program to link Orthodox Jews with soldiers of the Israeli army .	Sing
With help of Naseeban , she grows up Pari .	Sing
During their first visit young Pari fights with Aazam and Aazam ’ mother Nafisa ( second wife of Ashfaq ) scolds Pari and leaves .	Sing
Apa Bi hates pari and called her Dayan ( witch ) who will eat up the whole house .	Sing
Shauki leaves Pari at a peer ao that she is safe there .	Sing
He takes Pari to Husna ’ s grave and dies there .	Sing
After 3 years , Rukayya finds Pari at a rehab where they deal with split personality disorders patients .	Sing
Meanwhile in hospital Rukayya gets her heartbeats again and opens her eyes .	Plur
The expression " Pookela " means " foremost " .	Sing
Hodkinson was appointed the new goal kicker for the Bulldogs due to his impressive goal kicking when he was bidding his time the NSW Cup .	Sing
The remaining ones face a first round repechage	Sing
He conducted his patriarchate ably for nine years , and was then struck down by an apoplexy .	Sing
He also assisted My Chemical Romance in designing some of the elements for their " " phase .	Sing
On 13 June 2015 , Maafu would join top French club Toulon in the Top 14 on a two-year contract .	Sing
It was also called Ta Pa Tan by the famous Chinese traveller Wang Ta-Yuan in the 14th century .	Sing
In 1928 and 1929 he studied at Union Theological Seminary and Columbia University in New York while on furlough .	Sing
Kobo Inc. announced its first e-reader on 24 March 2010 , at the CTIA show .	Sing
It introduced an infrared 6-inch touchscreen interface .	Sing
Those 360 ° panoramic are realized by using drones .	Sing
The following season saw an upturn in the club 's fortunes , as they finished top of Division Two , winning four of their five matches .	Sing
Coast Guard personnel hauled the Aisling out of the water and showed them that the hull was being consumed by parasites .	Sing
Dr. David Webb was also Founding Chairman and Trustee Emeritus of the International Space University .	Sing
In made his Toulon debut during the 2007 – 08 Rugby Pro D2 season , starting against AS Béziers Hérault on 28 October 2007 .	Sing
The leaves of this plant resemble the lillypilly " Syzygium smithii " .	Sing
in 2011 buy factory LLC " Voronezh Yeast " ( Voronezh )	Sing
F.Cheema graduated with a Doctor of Veterinary Medicine from the University of Agriculture , Faisalabad in 2001 .	Sing
Halkbank allowed the middlemen of Iran to buy gold with their Turkish lira , and that gold found its way back to Iranian coffers .	Plur
In the " New Excalibur " series , M-13 funded the reforming of Excalibur superhero team .	Sing
In 2010 he left the VVD and joined the Democrats 66 party .	Sing
Before 1990 residents in the CEPC area paid lower General Rates to the councils .	Plur
Alonso left SBS in 1996 to form his own Spanish radio company .	Sing
In August 1996 Alonso formed Mega Broadcasting .	Sing
The charity dinner showcases a “ Doggy Buffet ” where guests can bring their canine pals and enjoy sumptuous treats made especially for them .	Sing
PAWS opposes “ tambucho ” gassing and electrocution as methods of euthanasia .	Sing
They represent PAWS in local events where the organization is actively participating , helps in manning event booths and selling merchandise .	Plur
On 1 July , she became the USNS " Sgt .	Sing
Previously a heavy strings user ( 11 's and 12 's ) , Haynes now employs any 10-46 set of strings and prefers standard tuning .	Sing
He represented the club SK Brage .	Sing
He and his brother , David Powell , founded the graphics studio Wonder Graphics .	Plur
The first single released was " Things Done Changed " , for which a video was shot .	Sing
Kuo also studied Baguazhang with Chang Hsin Zhai and Chung Ting Hua .	Sing
Shear stresses will result elongated dimples , which are parabolic depressions that coalesce in planes of maximum shear stress .	Plur
His " Samba con Salsa " , composed in the 1980s was a precursor of the fusion music that was popularized twenty years later .	Sing
It borders Planalto , Frederico Westphalen , Cristal do Sul , Rodeio Bonito and Iraí .	Sing
In 2010 , Koehl married Blaire Pancake , a former beauty pageant titled Miss Tennessee in 2006 .	Sing
Phua filmed the mayhem : " I remember seeing bodies everywhere .	Sing
Nearby airports include Caxias do Sul ( Campo dos Bugres ) at 73 km and the Passo Fundo airport at 81 km .	Plur
For example , a train left Võru on March 29 and arrived to Makaryevo station in Svirsk on April 22 .	Sing
Between 1990 and 2001 TPC at Piper Glen hosted the Home Depot Invitational , a tournament on the Champions Tour schedule .	Sing
He was ordained Priest on May 26 , 1966 and became a member of Congregation of the Mission ( CM ) .	Sing
He was awarded Musician of the Year by the Country Music Association in 1976 and 2000 .	Sing
In 1937 , while lecturing in Philadelphia , Siemel met Edith Bray , a young photographer , who later joined him in the Pantanal .	Sing
Siemel has killed over 300 jaguars , but only 31 by spear .	Plur
Lovejoy married Avery Eyre in 2010 , and has two daughters .	Sing
He was awarded the " Bundesverdienstkreuz " in 1961 .	Sing
Soon after , Ryotaro takes Kazuya to 1986 to see Kazuma as he was interviewing Otoya on an investigation , giving the young detective closure .	Sing
His day typically starts at 4 : 45am with him praying to " The White Man " and for blacks .	Sing
C. Aswini Dutt approached Puri Jagannadh to prepare a script and direct the debut film of Naga Babu 's son Varun Tej .	Sing
His Certified Public Accountant , E.J .	Sing
Russia and Denmark have similarly declared poker to be a game of skill .	Sing
The notation also avoids using a decimal separator and replaces it by a letter associated with the prefix symbol for the particular value .	Sing
For example , 1R2 indicates 1.2 Ω , and 18R indicates 18 Ω .	Sing
On this occasion they placed last with the song " Gonna Do My Best " , written by Bradford .	Sing
Landis would later form Blister ( also with Kearney ) before joining Neurosis in the mid 1990s .	Sing
Nichols formed Grinch after Christ On Parade broke up .	Sing
In the case of the quarter , it reads : " Birthplace of aviation pioneers " .	Sing
Upon taking office , Wilson appointed Harriman as a member of the first U.S. Commission on Industrial Relations , which Congress had authorized the previous year .	Sing
When copies sell out , Belladonna * uploads a reading PDF of the chaplet so that the out-of-print work is freely available .	Sing
" All Is Not Yet Lost " ( 2015 ) Betsy Fagin	Sing
" The Elders Series # 8 " ( 2009 ) Jane Sprague hosts Diane Ward & Tina Darragh	Sing
In 1915 , he published " " Anales del Hospital de San José " " , a quarterly medical publication in Costa Rica .	Plur
He learned the Gwalior gharana ( singing style ) and brought it to Maharashtra .	Sing
The ice sheet caused damming and a lake extended as far south as Weston .	Sing
He studied with Romeo Antoniazzi , then Riccardo Antoniazzi ; he then worked for Giuseppe Pedrazzini and Leandro Bisiach , and later set up independently in Milan .	Sing
In 2002 the President appointed Veloso to be a court-assisting attorney for the Court of Appeals of Santiago .	Sing
They then searched the Chagos Archipelago and the Maldive Islands and returned to Colombo .	Sing
" Raven II " recovered the floatplane and its aircraft continued to fly search missions from Colombo until 21 May .	Sing
In the final , Wanderers met the Old Etonians at the Kennington Oval ; Birley was now the captain of the team .	Plur
Around that time , it struck Cayman Brac .	Sing
Shortly after peak intensity , the cyclone brushed Isla de la Juventud .	Sing
Wilfred Glyn Greatorex ( 27 May 1921 – 14 October 2002 ) was an English television and film writer , script editor and producer .	Sing
She was renamed HMS " Vindex " to avoid confusion with the destroyer .	Sing
106 branches at Ann Road in Centennial Hills ; 106A operates counterclockwise and 106B operates clockwise .	Sing
Additionally , Golf Digest ranked Punta Espada as the 35th best golf course of the Americas .	Sing
Consorcio Remix launches Il Lago at Cap Cana , a lake front apartments project , with an estimated total investment of 60 million dollars .	Sing
Irving Reis with all of the director staff of CBS assisting him .	Plur
He defended the genuineness of pseudo-Dionysius and of the apocryphal letter of King Abgar of Edessa to Jesus .	Plur
By 7 December 1345 , he had received a Licentiate in Civil Law .	Sing
In 1986 , Zero Rek ( Martin Herbert ) replaced Fenton on guitar .	Sing
He informs Savva that he can have his heart 's desire if he writes a letter to renounce Christ and God , which Savva promptly does .	Sing
From the first wife , Qazi Hameeduddin had two sons Qazi Amaduddin and Raziuddin .	Sing
Jayasri Mitra of CPI ( M ) defeated Sabyasachi Roy of Congress in 1991 and Sudhansu Sekhar Tewari of Congress in 1987 .	Sing
Anil Mukherjee of Forward Bloc defeated Sk .	Sing
He tells Rowena only to answer questions that he asks her and not to talk to anyone else .	Sing
The ballpoints require a standard Sheaffer Ballpoint refill , while rollerball pens use Sheaffer Classic Rollerball cartridges .	Sing
However , Acker picked up the jargon quickly and graduated from Tom Robertson 's quick airline operations course .	Sing
In 2007 , her freshman year she coxed the novice 8 + at the Pac-10 Championships .	Sing
Costello spearheaded the first Jog for Jill on February 7 , 2010 on the UC Berkeley Campus .	Sing
In 2018 , the San Francisco State women 's track & field team captured the program 's first-ever CCAA Championship .	Sing
Additionally , Baynard finished the 400m in sixth place with a time of 54.18 to earn All-American honors .	Sing
Imagine an epic RTS but with killer lore and an awesome community . "	Sing
He thanked Square Enix for giving him so many opportunities to both work with great people , as well as deploy his skills .	Sing
Kamikokuryo also gives Hajime Sorayama , Katsuya Terada , Range Murata , Akira Yasuda , Ryuichiro Kutsuzawa and Alphonse Mucha as his favorite artists .	Sing
His abilities impressed the Italian club Genoa , and he was moved to the club on July 2008 .	Sing
In 2014 he joined Uruguayan side Nacional originally on loan , winning the Uruguayan Primera División during 2014 – 15 .	Sing
In January , Babu Janardhanan approached Prashant and asked him to score the background music for the movie .	Sing
As she is taken away , Emma witnesses Liz comforting Ollie and is horrified by the thought of Liz stealing her boyfriend while she is in prison .	Sing
Recent productions include " The Banker " which has received viral status and over 200,000 YouTube views and premiered at the 2011 Myrtle Beach International Film Festival .	Sing
Finally , Liberal leader Stéphane Dion appointed candidate Jocelyn Coulon on July 18 .	Sing
The Bloc Québécois , which came in second in the seat in 2006 , selected Belgian-born , Lacanian psychoanalyst Jean-Paul Gilson as their candidate .	Sing
The Conservatives selected former Ambassador Gilles Duguay .	Sing
Agnieszka Radwańska , who ranked second by the Women 's Tennis Association , became the first Polish female flag bearer at the opening ceremony .	Sing
Mossadegh organized a plebiscite to dissolve the parliament .	Sing
Aged 12 , Jacobson begun working as a Saturday boy in the shop .	Sing
In 1996 , Jacobson acquired Gola and the rights to Dunlop slippers .	Sing
In addition , he holds shareholdings in two trade distribution companies and two retail businesses .	Plur
The primary buildings in the parish include the pre-school and the primary school ( ) , and the seniors centre ( ) .	Sing
He joined Southern League Premier Division side Bideford on loan for three months on 4 August .	Sing
In 1967 it was re-designated 15 PARA ( SV ) and came under command of the 44th Parachute Brigade .	Sing
In 1978 was appointed captain-coach of Dandenong in the Victorian Football Association and steered them to fourth position on the ladder .	Sing
On Krupabai 's death in 1893 , Satthianadhan married Kamala who was 13 years younger to him .	Sing
The magazine ranked the school 222nd in 2008 out of 316 schools .	Sing
The school was ranked 194th in the magazine 's September 2006 issue , which surveyed 316 schools across the state .	Sing
" Vineland football beats Millville 28-18 in state 's longest rivalry " , NJ Advance Media for NJ.com , November 23 , 2017 .	Sing
He received his BGA at Emily Carr University of Art and Design in 1985 and in 1987 obtained his MFA from the Cranbrook Academy of Art .	Sing
Hollande encouraged Martí to continue with economic reforms that may lead to growth .	Sing
The trio then discover a sickbay where Avery ’ ' s entire crew , Toby , and Rory are in medical care along with the TARDIS .	Sing
Amy convinces the Siren to release Rory into her care .	Sing
He praised Lily Cole as the Siren but criticised the character of Avery .	Sing
Amy wakes up pregnant in a pristine white tube , observed by the " Eye Patch Lady " , and starts entering labour .	Sing
In 1927 , he founded Iberia Líneas Aéreas de España , S. A. Operadora , now known as Iberia .	Sing
Here lived and worked from 1824 until 1853 , writer Miklós Jósika , founder of the Hungarian romantic novel .	Sing
The inquiry cleared Lemass of any wrongdoing due to the fact that " he " did not benefit financially .	Sing
Anthropologist Colin Turnbull previously studied the Ik during the mid-1960s during a period of prolonged drought .	Sing
On their way north from Kampala , Soling 's crew encountered both friendly tribesman and armed militia , eventually reaching the Ik after many experiences .	Sing
In the late 1960s , the government of Uganda asked the Omukama of Bunyoro to partner with him and the Kingdom of Bunyoro .	Sing
Communications regarding a ballot measure are also considered direct lobbying .	Sing
In 2007 , Bull Pain attacked hero 2 Tuff Tony at " East Side Wars " .	Sing
His handler Truth Martini voiced Kong 's aggravation about not having a match for two straight events .	Sing
Kong defeated Vampiro at the event after Raven interfered in the match .	Sing
The Haters faced Mad Man Pondo and Necro Butcher in the next match .	Sing
The Weedman defeated Bull Pain at the following week 's event " Lights , Camera , Bash 'em ! " .	Sing
Later that night , the team of Corporal Robinson , 2 Tuff Tony , and Rhino defeated The Haters and Breyer Wellington .	Plur
He then joined his alma mater BUET as a lecturer in 1972 in Department of Civil Engineering .	Sing
Brassicaceae include " Cardamine " , " Draba " , and " Weberbauera " .	Sing
Below , vegetation in wet areas includes " Carex " , " Juncus " , " Oreobolus " and " Scirpus " .	Sing
On August 18 , 2012 Gurzęda joined Oulun Palloseura in the Finnish second tier Ykkönen .	Sing
The Byzantines conquered Prespa in 1018 , after the larger part of the Bulgarian nobility surrendered to Basil II .	Sing
On 6 October 2014 , Pinto left Tondela due to poor results .	Sing
Petit successfully led Tondela to safety from relegation with the feat being dubbed a miracle .	Sing
Aurélie met meteorologist Malika Dudley and flew to L.A. to interview Perez Hilton .	Sing
Kevin had ridden Chalan only one time before the Olympics and that was the day before the team shipped out for Mexico .	Sing
It has more pronounced radial rib and high in the back Its color is white with brown spots inside is pearly .	Sing
The Doctor repeats the scan with the same results in " The Curse of the Black Spot " and " The Rebel Flesh " .	Sing
Phil also leads and composes for his own ensemble , a six-piece slowcore post-jazz group called Underbelly .	Sing
They forced " El Mundo " and the other Haynes publications , to become Peronist .	Sing
The four-hour miniseries , which was directed by Lamont Johnson stars Emmy winner Shelley Long as Truddi Chase .	Sing
It tolerates high salinities and seems to prefer fine-grained or muddy sand .	Plur
These can oxidise methane and hydrogen sulphide , both of which are found in the low-oxygen , silty sand and mud in which this mollusc burrows .	Sing
On 30 October 1941 , he intercepted a Henschel Hs 126 on an artillery correction mission escorted by a quartet of Messerschmitts .	Plur
Former " Big Brother " winner Brian Dowling replaced Davina McCall as the presenter of the show .	Sing
Following the housemates ' entrance into the house , Big Brother called one housemate to the Diary Room .	Sing
" Forts Randolph and Buhlow State Historic Site	Sing
His students include Askold Makarov , Nikita Dolgushin , Oleg Vinogradov , Mikhail Baryshnikov and Rudolf Nureyev .	Sing
Senior Counsel includes Pär Nuder , former Swedish Minister of Finance .	Sing
" Vampire Cheerleaders " made its print debut with 208 pages on 15 March 2011 with the release of the first volume .	Plur
Webb later re-formed Chicken Shack .	Sing
Vavra has also produced MTV 's " Gone Too Far " and Fuse 's " Hoppus On Music " .	Sing
ELaNa manifests the CubeSats selected by CSLI onto upcoming rocket launches .	Plur
For the Irish race , see Cesarewitch ( Irish greyhounds ) . "	Sing
Catford 's owners , the GRA , then closed Catford in 2000 and switched it to their newly acquired track Oxford Stadium .	Sing
They competed in the Série C and in the Copa do Brasil once .	Sing
It is currently doing post-production for the fifth season of Horrid Henry , which will air at the end of 2018 .	Sing
At times he represented ULFA at international foras including the UN .	Sing
In addition to holding the Internal Market portfolio he also held Taxation and Customs Union .	Sing
It comprises three sitios : Tunga , Tubod and Booy Proper which were merged into one barangay .	Plur
The barangay celebrates a fiesta on 12 December in honor of its Patron Saint .	Sing
The representatives of the above-mentioned clubs did not recognize Vitaliy Danilov as the president .	Sing
He opened the Somerset batting all season and had a new regular opening partner in Graham Atkinson .	Sing
Thus , the Portuguese conquered Oman .	Sing
Boris Becker defeated Alexander Volkov 6 – 1 , 6 – 2	Sing
He visited Sotojima Hoyoen Sanatorium soon after a flood in 1934 , attended the opening ceremony of Nagashima Aiseien Sanatorium , visited Ooshima Seishoen .	Sing
Other Lister recordings included " RC Cola and a Moon Pie , " recorded for Capitol Records in 1951 .	Sing
In 1730 Campbell published a " Discourse proving that the Apostles were no Enthusiasts " .	Sing
In 1739 he published " The Necessity of Revelation " , in answer to Tindal .	Sing
He led North Gwinnett to a 26-4 and an appearance in the " Elite Eight " of the state tournament , after a No .	Sing
Larger female crabs from the Pribilof Islands have the highest fecundity , producing 162,360 eggs or 110,033 larvae per crab .	Sing
Boris Becker won in the final 6 – 1 , 6 – 2 against Alexander Volkov .	Sing
Sensory modalities may include visual , auditory , tactile , olfactory , and taste .	Sing
However , in some cases , mere exposure to certain stimulus variations can produce improved discriminations .	Plur
He wrote " Understanding Fundamentalism : Christian , Islamic and Jewish Movements " in 2001 ; the book came out just before the September 11 attacks .	Sing
Rima married director Aashiq Abu on 1 November 2013 , in a simple ceremony held in Kakkanad Registration office , Kochi .	Sing
Jakob Hlasek and John McEnroe won in the final 6 – 3 , 6 – 4 against Heinz Günthardt and Balázs Taróczy .	Sing
The rural headmen secretly kidnap Natha and hold him ransom for money from the opposition .	Sing
The Government officials mistake Rakesh for Natha and refuse to pay Natha 's family the compensation money due to the death being an accident .	Sing
" Peepli Live " began as a script written by NDTV journalist Anusha Rizvi called " The Fallen " .	Sing
Second-seeded Jakob Hlasek won the singles title .	Sing
Jakob Hlasek defeated Anders Järryd 6 – 1 , 7 – 5	Sing
The squadrons conduct interdiction , close air support , counter air , air superiority , and suppression of enemy air defense missions	Sing
She visits Clay in jail in attempt to get him to turn on the IRA .	Sing
After telling Gemma to flee , Stahl tricked Gemma into handling her gun , making it appear that Gemma killed both Polly and Edmond .	Sing
Clay told Stahl that if anything happened to Abel because of her , he will personally kill her , which terrified Stahl inside .	Sing
He then shoots Stahl in the back of the head with a MAC-10 , instantly killing her .	Sing
As Vickman egressed from an attack on a ship in Cairo harbour thought to be unloading troops and supplies , he spotted an REAF Lysander .	Sing
V. S. Srinivasa Sastri was first offered the Chief Ministership of the interim government but he refused to accept it .	Sing
In 1939 he married Lois Dryer .	Sing
The Luxembourg Coup of 1856 , also called the Putsch of 1856 , was a reactionary revision of Luxembourg 's constitution on 27 November 1856 .	Sing
Its cathedral episcopal see is Katedrala Uzvišenja sv .	Sing
He joined series veteran Luiz Razia in the team , and finished 23rd in the final standings .	Sing
The light Libyan infantry carried javelins and a small shield , same as Iberian light infantry .	Plur
Only a small number of the rebels faced Dionysius in the Agora and were massacred .	Sing
After some time Himilco sent a herald to dictate terms for peace , which was accepted by Dionysius .	Sing
Stacey tells Cassie to stay behind and to study at the local restaurant while he , Clarence , Willie and Oliver go look for Moe .	Sing
Cassie awakens and screams , the dream still fresh in her mind .	Plur
Before they do , Clarence tells Cassie he started writing the letter she told him to write to Sissy .	Sing
His research interests include dielectrics , ferroelectrics ( including relaxors ) , non-linear optics and electro-optics .	Plur
Approximately 30 % of individuals have a natural bobtail .	Sing
Emperor Wenzong subsequently sent a eunuch to comfort him , and Zheng partially apologized , stating , " Your subject is foolish .	Sing
Since then the estate was gradually losing its splendor .	Sing
In March 2012 , Professor Glenn Nierman was elected president-elect of NAfME .	Sing
After refitting and taking on specie , on 13 August she left Port-Royal ( Jamaica ) for Britain with despatches .	Sing
Charles blames Marielle , and she ends up having a nervous breakdown .	Sing
John then questions Marielle and Malcolm listens , stunned , while she tells about her past .	Sing
Flight tests showed the Pirate to be uncompetitive and its development was rapidly abandoned .	Sing
In 1987 the NSSP joined with the LSSP , CP and Sri Lanka Mahajana Pakshaya ( SLMP ) to form the United Socialist Alliance .	Sing
In 1914 she initiated a bitter public spat with the horticulturalist E.A .	Sing
In 1653 he married Grietje Claes .	Plur
Shockwave also joins the DEF with Bullet-Proof , Mutt , and Cutter against the Headman .	Sing
The proclamation ended the charade of Saw Hnit 's nominal status as king .	Sing
He also appointed Kyawswa I , his biological son by Mi Saw U , governor of Pinle , the second most coveted position .	Sing
Sagaing got a breather in 1317 when Toungoo and Taungdwin revolted .	Sing
The Maw forces sacked Sagaing in April 1364 .	Sing
He took Pinya in September 1364 .	Sing
He headed the " Junta Suprema de Gobierno " , in the absence of his brother and nephew , when they tried to humor Napoleon in Bayonne .	Sing
Trying to rebound after the loss against the FCS Bison , Kansas was considered an underdog against the heavily favored , 15th ranked , Georgia Tech .	Sing
The production starred Jessica Hynes , Rupert Penry-Jones , Charlotte Riley , Alastair Mackenzie , Joseph Millson and Rachael Stirling .	Plur
< onlyinclude > * Robert Carson ( numismatist ) ( 1918 – 2006 ) , British numismatist	Sing
In 1313 , Thihathu , the last surviving brother , founded Pinya as the de jure successor state of Pagan .	Sing
He also appointed Kyawswa I , his biological son by Mi Saw U , governor of Pinle , the second most coveted position .	Sing
Sagaing got a breather in 1317 when Toungoo and Taungdwin revolted .	Sing
The best Pinya could muster was Kyawswa 's ordering of an attempt on Saw Yun 's life .	Sing
In September 1364 , Thado Minbya seized Pinya , and claimed himself king of Sagaing and Pinya .	Sing
Within its grounds stands Château Pèlerin , a medieval crusader fortress currently closed to the public .	Sing
On 24 June 1993 Yad Vashem officially recognized Liedtke as one of the Righteous Among the Nations .	Sing
Continuing to improve those methods , the 90 's brought the Eliminator , a portable radio adapter that connects the radio to Setcom ’ s ComKit .	Sing
George Kutty later misleads Varghese Mappila & his family in believing that Christy is arrested due to his criminal activities and the relationship with Christy is broken .	Sing
He tells Gambit , he is looking for someone named the Leader .	Sing
In the street lived many famous goldsmiths , painters and surgeons , as well as Alphonse Daudet for a while .	Plur
Edward VII , George V , George VI and Elizabeth II each had a single obverse for pennies produced during their respective reigns .	Sing
He married Signe Elise Storebø ( née Strand ) in 1978 .	Sing
In 1982 , U.S. District Court in " Boyer v. Gardner " upheld New Hampshire 's reapportionment of the 400-person House of Representatives using floterial districts .	Sing
Furthermore , by the 630s , Patriarch Sophronius does not even mention the " Nea " in his review of pilgrimage sites in Jerusalem .	Sing
The criminal organization connected to the Frankfort , Kentucky mob has exiled Quarles to Kentucky .	Plur
The next day the frigates " Minerva " and " Amazon " recaptured " Jackdaw " .	Sing
Later , the Admiralty reinstated Brice and he went on to serve on several vessels until 1815 .	Sing
Irmgard calls him a pig and he beats her up in front of their little daughter .	Sing
From summer 1904 to the late summer 1905 , Trenchard was acting Commandant of the Southern Nigeria Regiment .	Sing
They released ‘ Femme Fatale ’ in October 2010 , which was recorded in Nashville earlier that year .	Sing
The band joined the " Squash The Beef Tour " supporting Dance Gavin Dance , along with Emarosa , Tides of Man , and Of Machines .	Sing
The group thereafter invited Roush to front Of Mice & Men .	Sing
On May 13 , 2011 , Of Mice & Men released a brand new single entitled , " Still YDG 'N " .	Sing
Payloads may contain extremophiles for diverse environments and cyanobacteria similar to early microorganisms .	Plur
The mission collected cosmic dusts and other particles for three years by using an ultra-low density silica gel called aerogel .	Plur
The most recent glacial period , called the Fraser Glaciation , had three phases , or stades .	Sing
Significant rivers that drain to " Northern Puget Sound " include the Nooksack , Dungeness , and Elwha Rivers .	Sing
Important marine flora of Puget Sound include eelgrass ( " Zostera marina " ) and kelp , especially bull kelp ( " Nereocystis luetkeana " ) .	Sing
In 1613 , the Star Chamber declared perjury by a witness to be a punishable offence at common law .	Sing
Most notably , the United States Code prohibits perjury , which is defined in two senses for federal purposes as someone who :	Sing
This defense requires that an individual admit to making a perjurious statement during that same proceeding and recanting the statement .	Sing
which makes the analogy clearer .	Sing
Most pyramids had a polished , highly reflective white limestone surface , to give them a shining appearance when viewed from a distance .	Sing
Irish theologian John Scottus Eriugena wrote a refutation of Gottschalk .	Sing
Infralapsarianism ( also called sublapsarianism ) holds that predestination logically coincides with the preordination of Man 's fall into sin .	Sing
They officiate the " Yasna " , pouring libations into the sacred fire to the accompaniment of ritual chants .	Sing
This article uses the PL / I standard as the reference point for language features .	Sing
In spite of the aforementioned difficulties , IBM produced its PL / I optimising compiler in 1971 .	Sing
The tables below show lanthanum and actinium as group 3 elements , as this is the more common form in the literature .	Sing
Singer names Hare and Australian philosopher H. J. McCloskey as his two most important mentors .	Sing
When Singer attempted to respond , a protester jumped on stage and grabbed his glasses , and the host ended the lecture .	Sing
Everybody can eat delicious croissants , the regional product of Poznań .	Plur
Poznań also stages the " Ale Kino ! "	Sing
Despite his stage success , a theatrical agent advised Falk not to expect much film acting work because of his artificial eye .	Sing
She also formed the Amps , who released one album .	Plur
This video demonstrates tip vortex cavitation .	Sing
Mbeki later suffered substantial political fallout for his support for AIDS denialism and for opposing the treatment of pregnant HIV-positive South African women with antiretroviral medication .	Sing
After the 2007 season , they acquired closer Brad Lidge .	Sing
The time before the Phanerozoic , called the " Precambrian " , is now divided into the Hadean , Archaean and Proterozoic eons .	Sing
This event also allowed the diversification of arthropod life as they took advantage of the new habitat .	Sing
Nearing the end of the period , " Scutosaurus " and gorgonopsids filled the arid landmass .	Sing
The late Eocene Epoch saw the rebirth of seasons , which caused the expansion of savanna-like areas , along with the evolution of grass .	Sing
The Pokémon Company International oversees all " Pokémon " licensing outside Asia .	Sing
In 1999 , two nine-year-old boys from Merrick , New York sued Nintendo because they claimed the Pokémon Trading Card Game caused their problematic gambling .	Sing
This usually requires a liquid " resist stripper " , which chemically alters the resist so that it no longer adheres to the substrate .	Sing
In both cases , the mask covers the entire wafer , and simultaneously patterns every die .	Sing
Until the early 20th century humans hunted the platypus for its fur , but it is now protected throughout its range .	Sing
The oldest discovered fossil of the modern platypus dates back to about 100,000 years ago , during the Quaternary period .	Sing
The IUCN lists the platypus on its Red List as " Near Threatened " .	Sing
A 5 cent stamp also produced in 2006 features the platypus also .	Sing
Unlike ferromagnets , paramagnets do not retain any magnetization in the absence of an externally applied magnetic field because thermal motion randomizes the spin orientations .	Sing
When the dipoles are aligned , increasing the external field will not increase the total magnetization since there can be no further alignment .	Sing
Each atom has one non-interacting unpaired electron .	Sing
Parapsychological research has also included other sub-disciplines of psychology .	Plur
Philosopher Bradley Dowden characterized parapsychology as a pseudoscience as parapsychologists have no valid theories to test and no reproducible data from their experiments .	Sing
The BTAA uses collective purchasing and licensing , and has saved member institutions $ 19 million to date .	Sing
From 1889 to 2008 Purdue published a yearbook called the " Debris " .	Sing
Andrew Louth offers the following modern appraisal of the Areopagite ;	Sing
Keating dismantled the century-old protectionism that had been present in Australia , fuelling a productivity drive in the free market and increasing Australian living standards .	Sing
which use the semicolon as a statement terminator .	Sing
The main purposes of the diluent are to dissolve the polymer and adjust the viscosity of the paint .	Sing
Others amalgamated phrenology and mesmerism as well , such as the practical phrenologists Collyer and Joseph R. Buchanan .	Sing
Pope Innocent X ( 1644 – 1655 ) recalled Chigi to Rome .	Sing
He later became the Cardinal-Bishop of Sabina in 1681 and then to Frascati in 1683 .	Sing
He also held three consistories that saw 14 new cardinals elevated .	Plur
Alexander VIII confirmed the cultus of Kinga of Poland on 11 June 1690 which served as the beatification .	Sing
His only success had been the capture of Ostia and the submission of the Francophile cardinals Colonna and Savelli .	Sing
But eventually the Florentines tired of the friar 's moralising and the Florentine government condemned the reformer to death ( 23 May 1498 ) .	Sing
He commissioned Pinturicchio to lavishly paint a suite of rooms in the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican , which are today known as the Borgia Apartments .	Sing
That same year , he admonished Landulf VI of Benevento " that the conversion of Jews is not to be obtained by force . "	Sing
In the same paper , Poincaré wondered whether a 3-manifold with the homology of a 3-sphere and also trivial fundamental group had to be a 3-sphere .	Sing
Rabbi Raskin built a state-of-the-art mikveh in B 'nai Avraham , based on the Lubavitcher Rebbe 's philosophy that mikvehs should be aesthetically pleasing .	Sing
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg accompanied Raskin in lighting the Menorah in Downtown Brooklyn in the Hanukkah festival of 2011 .	Sing
Subsequently , he obtained his M.E .	Sing
Her great grandfather Mundarigi Narasimhachar ( 1855 – 1940 ) belonged to Haridasa Parampara of Vijaya Dasaru , a prominent Haridasa of Karnataka .	Sing
The following week , Dallas defeated Axel by pinning him while grabbing Axel 's tights .	Sing
On the September 3 episode of " Raw " , The B-Team were scheduled the defend their championship against The Revival .	Sing
Rotunda married former WWE NXT diva , Sarah Bäckman on June 26 , 2014 .	Sing
" Porites astreoides " often has the sponge " Mycale laevis " , with prominent osculi , growing on its underside .	Plur
In 40 BC the Parthians devastated completely the " strong cite " , after which it was never rebuilt .	Sing
" Quesnel " left Esquimalt on 13 September 1942 , with four other corvettes headed for Panama and the Atlantic .	Sing
While ashore , some crew members removed a carved Thunderbird from a local burial ground .	Sing
The crew members considered the totem a lucky talisman and had it depicted on the ship 's badge .	Sing
" Make a Wave " was introduced and performed at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista , Florida .	Sing
" Make a Wave " was available beginning March 15 on iTunes , with all proceeds benefiting environmental charities through the Disney Worldwide Conservation Fund .	Sing
The righteous Songqiao takes Rende to court .	Sing
During the campaign , the player controls a clone trooper called X2 , who was created from the DNA of a Jedi Master .	Sing
The game features no customization , but instead uses the traditional class-based system .	Sing
The increased weight did however make them more seaworthy , and the design provided the basis for the development of future protected cruisers .	Sing
In spring of 2011 , Slovenc moved in with a complete stranger , an older gentleman – Harry Black .	Sing
As their friendship develops , it turns out that Bogie also has the driving touch of a professional golfer .	Sing
In 2010 , Network Rail restructured its route categorisation .	Sing
Historian Klaus Zernack divides Germania Slavica into :	Sing
The last contains large granitoid plutons and nappes .	Plur
Other treatments include bisphosphonates , corticosteroids , radiotherapy , and radionucleotides .	Plur
The Arts Council of Ireland ( " An Chomhairle Ealaíon " ) awarded her an artist ’ s bursary in 2008 .	Sing
It features two colossal , modified Doric order columns on a recessed wall plane at the second and third stories .	Sing
The leaded casement-type windows on the porch have moulded stone mullions .	Plur
iland also provides traditional colocation and hybrid cloud solutions .	Sing
Jax and Piney sell five AK-47s to Nate Meineke and his right-wing state militia .	Plur
He then sends Chibs , Happy and Tig to kill the witness , who is at a safe house in San Joaquin .	Plur
At Church , Jax confronts Clay and asks if he killed Donna .	Sing
Clay later meets Unser and obtains the letters from him , unaware that Gemma has the same plan .	Sing
After Unser gets a copy of the letters , he confronts Clay .	Sing
Piney begs Clay not to get Tara involved in the letters from JT .	Sing
Clay shoots Piney in the chest with a shotgun , killing him .	Sing
He later helps Gemma take care of a dead body ( Nero 's half-sister ) and the two seem to be on better terms .	Sing
At the end of the episode , he confronts the three Nomads responsible for the Charming burglaries and the death of Sheriff Roosevelt 's wife .	Plur
This shows Clay to have been pulling the strings behind the home invasions .	Sing
He tells Jax that a truck ran her off the road to protect her .	Sing
Bobby later asks Clay if there 's anything he wants to tell him ( implying he also knows about his dealings with the Nomads ) .	Sing
He later demands a sit-down with Gemma and Jax before he signs the deal .	Sing
He meets Jax and states that he will give Toric nothing and that he is sorry .	Sing
Jax then executes Clay by shooting him in the neck and then five times in the chest while he is on the floor .	Sing
The seminar , " Liberalism in the Egyptian Society : How It Could Be Promoted " , was attended by the Vice President of IFLY .	Sing
He helped South Stokes to North Carolina 1A state titles in 2003 and 2004 .	Plur
The Seattle Mariners selected Ackley with the second overall selection in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft .	Sing
The Mariners promoted Ackley from the Tacoma Rainiers for his first major league start at second base on June 17 , 2011 .	Sing
On July 30 , 2015 , the Mariners traded Ackley to the New York Yankees for Ramón Flores and José Ramírez .	Sing
On November 18 , the Yankees released Ackley .	Sing
In 2008 , Jones saddled Proud Spell to a decisive win over a sloppy track in the Kentucky Oaks .	Sing
In 2009 , Jones had two top Kentucky Derby hopefuls in Old Fashioned and Friesan Fire .	Plur
This commentary on the frail psyche of the American middle-class examines the subculture of gamers and role-playing games , specifically " Dungeons & Dragons " .	Sing
Shortly afterwards , the Spartans accused the Athenian statesman Themistocles , then in exile in Argos , of complicity in Pausanias 's treason .	Plur
The rest of the force besieged Kition in Cyprus , but during the siege , Cimon died either of sickness or a wound .	Sing
They were flying P-39 Airacobras , later P-47 Thunderbolts , then P-40 Warhawks and finally in early 1945 , P-51 Mustangs for combat crew training .	Plur
Uematsu guest conducted the encores for each performance ; he used a borrowed baton that he had snapped and taped together .	Plur
Wanna See a Crime Scene ? "	Sing
Sport physiologists and biomechanics experts use the HIC in the research of safety equipment and guidelines for competitive sport and recreation .	Sing
Some of these include Pele and Tohil Mons .	Sing
Its official name is Floods though it is usually referred to by its post office name in the singular , Flood .	Plur
Jimmy Connors defeated Eddie Dibbs 6 – 3 , 5 – 7 , 6 – 1	Plur
He made Corporal on September 28 , 1866 and Sergeant on January 29 , 1867 .	Sing
Carpenter , Ninth United States Infantry , has been appointed postmistress at Fort Myer , Va .	Plur
He takes " La Sabina " in tow .	Sing
The Commissioner of the port then sends Ramage to find Sir John Jervis and warn him of the battle .	Sing
Described by about.com as " a little funky , " the song is " upbeat " while describing " stable love . "	Sing
It features Milsap performing the song in a party setting .	Sing
In 1999 they left the Combination to become founding members of the Premier Reserve League .	Sing
Jax convinces Opie to ride along with him the next day , however .	Sing
Jax then picks Suzi up for sex and carries on with his journey .	Sing
Jax and Piney sell five AK-47s to Nate Meineke and his right-wing state militia .	Plur
Jax then kills Kohn and has sex with Tara .	Sing
Jax defends Opie , however , and convinces some of the club that the ATF has set him up .	Sing
Clay has Tig check Opie 's car for wiretaps , which Tig finds .	Sing
Tara again kisses Jax at the party , purposely in plain view for Wendy to see .	Sing
Hale tells Jax about Stahl 's setting up Opie , and Jax then realizes that it was SAMCRO who killed Donna .	Sing
He confronts Clay about this at the clubhouse and asks if he ( Clay ) had anything to do with Donna 's death .	Sing
He tells Chibs and Happy to leave and threatens the witness into leaving the state .	Plur
He then beats Tig up because he killed Donna .	Sing
This drives Jax over the edge , and he decides to go Nomad .	Sing
Jax assumes that since Stahl is investigating L.O.A.N. , Opie will be after Zobelle and his crew , and goes off to follow Zobelle .	Sing
Stahl frames Gemma Morrow for Edmond 's murder when Gemma comes to kill Zobelle 's daughter , who was responsible for kidnapping Gemma .	Sing
In the first episode , we see Jax still distraught over the loss of Abel .	Sing
He , Clay and Tig later pick up Gemma from the hospital to take her to Belfast with them .	Sing
Father Kellan promises Jax that he will give Abel back if Jax kills Jimmy .	Sing
After Jax threatens to kill Sean Casey at gunpoint , Ashby then finally tells Jax where he can find Abel .	Sing
However , Ashby tells Jax that if he loves Abel , he will let him go .	Sing
Tara asks Jax to tell her all he knows about it .	Sing
Jax tells Clay that he will back him as long Clay lets Jax out of SAMCRO and that the president 's patch goes to Opie .	Sing
He stops Opie from finishing him and gets Unser and Rat to cover the truth .	Sing
In the end , Jax does not kill Clay , as he needs Clay alive for the Galindo Cartel / IRA deal .	Sing
Instead he tells Clay that he will be stepping down as President , thus making Jax SAMCRO 's new President .	Sing
Jax , Chibs and Bobby later find a broken Tig , having had to watch as Pope burned his daughter Dawn alive .	Sing
Pope tells Jax that due to the death , one of the Sons in prison must die and Jax will choose who it will be .	Sing
Pope also wants Tig to remain in jail for the rest of his life so he can be tortured everyday .	Sing
They beat Opie to death with pipes .	Sing
The act greatly enrages the Bastards and Bobby .	Plur
Jax punches Juice and sends him home .	Sing
The next episode " Darthy " shows that Bobby convinced Clay to confess to being behind the Nomad attacks in exchange for voting not to kill him .	Sing
The season finale shows Jax finalizing his deal with Pope ; He gets a document promising automotive contracts for TM and subsidized housing for Opie 's family .	Sing
Against Nero 's wishes , Jax has Juice smother her and make it seem she overdosed .	Sing
The next episode " Aon Rud Persanta " shows SAMCRO helping free Clay from his transport to trial .	Sing
Jax then shoots Clay in the neck and numerous times in the chest .	Sing
August warns Jax not to cross him , or he will crush Jax 's club .	Sing
Alvarez tells Jax that Juice had approached him , offering the Mayans intel on SAMCRO in exchange for safe passage to Mexico .	Sing
The Hajipir pass connects Uri and Poonch .	Sing
According to Gen Beaufre , the Pakistani offensive in the Chhamb sector lacked boldness .	Plur
In September and April , the warmer weather causes the PCC to move to the indoor Olympic rink .	Sing
The Pittsburgh Curling Club hosts an annual bonspiel .	Sing
This section had luxurious and discrete " Cabinets , " or private rooms .	Plur
On a trip to Italy , Margaretha contracted typhoid .	Sing
In 1937 he became the entomologist for the Arkansas State Health Department at Little Rock , and he served in that capacity until 1941 .	Sing
The following year , with Strudwick as captain-coach , Valleys beat Souths to win the 1979 BRL premiership .	Sing
During these travels he heard Hadith from various prominent Hadith scholars .	Sing
SIC Magazine commented " no disrespect to the Manics but I think there is more to Stroszek than mere sloganeering " .	Sing
From 1924 to 2014 , the Sycamores played Ball State ( Ind . )	Sing
Carvalho defeated Pineda via KO in 71 seconds .	Sing
Although southern Britain had been a Roman province , in 407 the imperial legions left the isle , and the Roman elite followed .	Sing
2 reflects a generalization of the resiliency of a system .	Sing
After the relegation of Pescara , in August 2007 , he joined Foggia of Serie C1 in 1-year deal .	Sing
Through large-scale aerial photo shoots and accompanying documentary research , Fair ’ s Industrial Scars project explores the detritus of our consumer society .	Sing
Becca tells Howie she has been meeting Jason .	Sing
The album received high appraisal from electronic music magazine ReGen .	Sing
Former classes that have been discontinued include 350cc , 250cc , 125cc , 50cc / 80cc and Sidecar .	Sing
Other downhill tracks include " Endo " , " Mr Rooty " , " The O.C .	Sing
The 100th HomeStore store opened in 2003 , the 200th in 2005 .	Sing
He and his followers harassed non-natives as well as natives in favor of Allotment .	Plur
It hosts the Pieve of Saint Syrus .	Sing
Three years later the Hamburg-Magdeburg Steamship Company extended the route northwestwards to Hamburg .	Plur
The chain had shackles at an interval of several that could be opened when two chain boats met .	Plur
Art historian have proposed both Frans Hals and Hendrick Aerts ( who also specialized in architectural paintings ) as his presumed masters .	Plur
While in Italy Conway married Agata Meloni .	Sing
He played Michal , a mentally damaged man who has suffered years of abuse from his parents and gained 50 pounds for the role .	Sing
In Scorsese 's historical adventure film " Hugo " ( 2011 ) , Stuhlbarg played René Tabard , a film historian .	Sing
He also studied mime with Marcel Marceau .	Sing
Many reviews have complimented the synergy of the track with the one before it on the album .	Sing
Then he repeats the lick and the song ends with one last " THIS DAY I FIGHT ! "	Sing
The tailplane maintained its stock coloring of green and lavender on top , but the undersides were light blue and the rudder was painted white .	Sing
Eventually , after many official letters , British Telecom cut the Holts off .	Plur
In 2013 / 2014 , the team won Scudetto ( Italian Championship ) in the final against Sir Safety Perugia .	Sing
After winning a silver medal in the Polish Championship he left Resovia and signed a contract with Japanese club JT Thunders Hiroshima .	Sing
On October 2 , 2016 he announced interrupting of his sporting career because of physical and mental fatigue .	Sing
The wound kept de Roeper out of action until July .	Sing
She made Lucius shave his beard for her .	Sing
Lucius did not want Fronto to suffer the anxieties that had kept him up day and night .	Sing
Marcus too took the " Parthicus Maximus " now , after another tactful delay .	Sing
The Alberti family became benefactor of the House of Spiritual Works of Buenos Aires by donating them a land plot so it could move its headquarters .	Sing
He opposed both Saavedra and Funes , albeit in a more moderate manner than Moreno .	Sing
Alumni from Modderpoort include Winkie Direko , a Premier of the Free State Province .	Sing
Additional courses in the series include Day Skipper Shorebased & Practical , Coastal Skipper and Yachtmaster Shorebased , Coastal Skipper Practical , .	Sing
Other prospective renters use the internet to find executive of small office space to rent or lease .	Sing
The first inhabitants of the desert southwest , including what would become Phoenix , called Paleo-Indians , were hunters and gatherers .	Plur
The Croat commanders and members who travelled from Kiseljak to Vareš included Dominik Ilijašević a.k.a .	Sing
The attacks had caught SAF by surprise , and the attacks contributed to the perception that Said bin Taimur was unable to defeat the insurgency .	Sing
The flight attendant and later the hijacker used the intercom to communicate with the pilot .	Sing
As a counter-action Oslogjengen performed a hold-up against a truck with ration cards in August 1944 , securing the truck-load of cards .	Sing
After the features had deteriorated significantly the city deemed the area unsafe and removed all the creations Spalding constructed .	Sing
In July 1943 he was awarded a DFC for his " determination , zeal and courage " .	Sing
He was awarded the Légion d 'Honneur at the time of sixtieth anniversary commemorations of the Normandy landings in 2004 .	Sing
When the boundaries were surveyed , the grant included Mariposa , Bear Valley , and the Pine Tree and Josephine mine complex .	Sing
Their other major hits include " Dok Palme Njišu Grane " from 1971 , and the Italian-influenced " Noćna Muzika " from 1972 .	Sing
Hillmon told Sallie that he intended to find some land where they could start a ranch of their own .	Sing
They used photographical superimposition , which is generally used for exclusion but can be used for positive identification of unique morphological features .	Sing
The brigade reported 993 effectives , 1358 present , 796 prisoners of war .	Plur
Leal closed the Golden Phoenix Hotel Casino Reno on December 6 , 2005 and his crews began gutting the hotel building in Spring of 2006 .	Sing
He became the principal clarinetist of La Scala under Giacomo Panizza .	Sing
Many people consider Donya as his most important contribution to modern intellectual life in Iran .	Sing
Between 13,600 and 11,500 years before present , the formation of a spillway caused Lake Mojave to abandon its A-shoreline and drop to the B-shoreline .	Sing
The creek was apparently originally called Paines Creek according to an 1879 land survey map of the area .	Sing
Masonry also utilizes herringbone , often as an accent pattern on the sides of buildings and other structures .	Sing
Drummer on the project , Ben Smith , introduced Mangold to Ann Wilson from Heart / Lovemongers .	Sing
Yabunaka replaced Toshiyuki Takano as Director-General of Asian and Oceanian Affairs Bureau in 2002 .	Sing
A bedrock sill at separates the Coyote Basin from the rest of the lake basin .	Sing
Bird species whose skeletons have been found in sediments of Lake Manix include the western grebe and the white pelican .	Sing
About 500,000 years ago , it reached the Cady Basin of Lake Manix , based on tephrochronological dating of the Bishop Tuff .	Sing
Second-seeded Jo-Wilfried Tsonga won in the final 6 – 3 , 6 – 3 against Mikhail Youzhny .	Sing
She won the newly created Scarborough ( a notionally Liberal seat ) with 55.2 percent of the two-party-preferred vote .	Sing
In January , 1957 , he attended Parachute and Jumpmaster Courses , Fort Benning , Georgia .	Sing
To the southeast , one plan brought the parkway from Holly Springs Road to Gorman Street in Raleigh .	Sing
In 2010 he launched Kroll Bond Rating Agency and K2 Global Consulting with his son Jeremy .	Sing
What remained of Archer 's Brigade now formed the hinge joining Pettigrew 's and Pickett 's men .	Sing
O 'Keefe 's plot collapsed because it was premised on a ludicrously false worldview , wrote Chait .	Sing
Facing a disaster , the Greek Cypriots recalled their fifteen remaining T-34s to a safe distance in order to provide support fire .	Sing
Before falling mortally wounded on the ground , Falucho cried " Viva Buenos Aires " ! .	Sing
The first-declension genitive plural always takes a circumflex on the last syllable .	Sing
When the ultima is accented , it takes a circumflex in all forms , including the nominative , accusative , and vocative .	Sing
Some nouns have a nominative singular in .	Sing
As is the rule , the vowel resulting from contraction takes a circumflex :	Sing
The becomes the semivowel and is lost , except in the vocative singular .	Sing
These same verbs also usually have an aorist without sigma :	Sing
Some common verbs , instead of the ordinary ( weak ) aorist tense ending in , have an aorist ending in etc .	Sing
Many verbs have an aorist without the sigma markers and characteristic endings of the regular aorist .	Sing
The above example uses the present subjunctive , but the aorist subjunctive is equally correct , with a slightly different shade of meaning :	Sing
Often the middle endings make a transitive verb intransitive :	Sing
The project has an Indicated Resource of 3.898 million tonnes grading 0.62 % UO , for a total of 53.5 million pounds of UO .	Sing
From a comparison of those paths , two measurements can be made : Differential Time Offset ( DTO ) and Differential Frequency Offset ( DFO ) .	Sing
She played Mona in Hunter Foster 's theatrical adaption of the 1967 film " Bonnie and Clyde " at the Westside Theatre .	Sing
The film introduced Yami Gowtham , a Bollywood model and a number of youngsters in roles that largely reflected the dilemmas of modern-age youth .	Sing
It shows Naresh as a morbidly obese youth with a tender heart.The film won critical acclaim but got mixed response at the box office .	Sing
These symptoms include palpitations , digestive problems , difficulty with body temperature regulation , and cognitive problems , especially deficits in memory , attention , and concentration .	Plur
Destruction of noradrenergic neurons has produced hypersomnia in experimental animal studies , and injury to adrenergic neurons has also been shown to lead to hypersomnia .	Sing
These included idiopathic hypersomnia , narcolepsy , and the recurrent hypersomnias ( like Klein-Levin syndrome ) .	Sing
It reclassified both idiopathic hypersomnia with and without long sleep time as major somnolence disorder ( MSD ) .	Sing
Therefore , the wake-promoting medications used in narcolepsy are also commonly used off-label to help manage the excessive daytime sleepiness of idiopathic hypersomnia .	Sing
These include methylphenidate ( e.g. , Ritalin ) and dextroamphetamine , among others .	Sing
The non-stimulant wake-promoting medications approved for use in narcolepsy include modafinil and armodafinil .	Sing
In 2006 , Sundholm produced the album " Shrinking Violets " for Byrd .	Plur
In 1982 , the congregation began the Holy Apostles Soup Kitchen , which continues to serve the indigent of the area .	Sing
The ROK Navy ordered the ADD to develop a missile that was in par with or better in performance than the Harpoon Block 1C missile .	Sing
In December 2004 , a secondhand dealer in Kyoto contacted Natsuki Matsumoto , an expert in iconography at the Osaka University of Arts .	Sing
The neon tubes encircling the central pillar shine at night .	Sing
Woven by the historic Manufacture des Gobelins in Paris , the tapestries were based on Nørgaard 's full-sized sketches .	Plur
Los Llanos Air Base has 141 Sqn and 142 Sqn of Ala 14 .	Sing
Typhoons replace the F-16 at Trapani from May 2012 .	Sing
As he received the supposed petition , she made two lunges at his chest with an ivory-handled dessert knife before she was brought under control .	Plur
Widowed at an early age , in 1912 , Radhabai married P. Subbarayan , " zamindar " of Kumaramangalam .	Sing
Brothers Rob and John Wright formed Nomeansno in 1979 , initially as a home-recording project and later as a two-piece live group .	Sing
When The Infamous Scientists disbanded in 1983 , and after several months of coercion , Kerr joined Nomeansno .	Sing
Nomeansno left Alternative Tentacles and began reissuing their back catalogue on their own Wrong Records imprint , with distribution by Southern Records .	Plur
It has an inspection gangway along its whole length on the upstream apron .	Sing
It has an L-shape with a main north wing and a west service wing .	Sing
He added a Haram and other buildings to accommodate the ruling family and his relations .	Sing
The 1912 Sáenz Peña Law of the secret vote brought the less conservative Hipólito Yrigoyen to the presidency in 1916 .	Sing
The system comprises an eclipsing white dwarf and red dwarf .	Sing
Their basketry contains fineness of finish and decorations especially with the use of feathers .	Plur
Schell sees the ' taming of violence ' being written into liberalisms ' genetic code ' .	Sing
V22 also became the testbed for the pre-production DB 601E .	Sing
Finally , the Erla factory produced 576 tropicalized F-4 trop in the first half of 1942 .	Sing
The G-2 , which started production in May 1942 , lacked the cabin pressurization and GM-1 installation .	Sing
The wings featured the large rectangular fairings for the large main wheels .	Plur
A wide-chord , three-bladed VDM 9-12159A propeller of diameter was used , as on the G-6 / AS , G-14 / AS and G-10 .	Sing
The act dissolved the CAA and created the Federal Aviation Agency ( FAA , later renamed Federal Aviation Administration ) .	Sing
At the event , the Young Yatri Organization performed a forum theater play " Paath ... sala " .	Sing
Duncan Heath Associates did prosper and was sold to the giant US-based talent agency International Creative Management ( ICM ) in 1985 .	Sing
Naude 's Neck Pass , in the Eastern Cape , South Africa , connects Maclear to Rhodes .	Sing
Budowlani SA compete in the top tier of Polish Rugby , the Ekstraliga .	Sing
Nevertheless , the group 's next album was titled " Hollies Sing Hollies " in an apparent move to placate critics .	Plur
Krause fought a fellow " TUF " castaway in Amir Khillah .	Sing
Krause faced Daron Cruickshank on July 25 , 2015 at UFC on Fox 16 .	Sing
The fourth somite has a large ocellus , which is white ringed with brown and centered with blue and green .	Sing
The village organises the annual Baba Dassa Ji Mela and Sports Tournament in June .	Sing
on the basis of the rules of admission , while the minority formed the Social Democratic Bund .	Sing
Keynote sprakers have included Seamus Heaney , Antoinette Quinn , Brendan Kennelly , Gerald Dawe , Thomas McCarthy , Pat Boran Theo Dorgan , and Gabriel Rosenstock	Sing
He was then appointed vicar of Christ Church , Birkenhead in 1983 , also working as a part-time hospital chaplain .	Sing
Dardenne had defeated Democrat Caroline Fayard in the 2010 State of Louisiana elections .	Sing
He urged Schedler to cooperate with the federal voter integrity probe because " ensuring untainted elections is too important to politicize . "	Sing
Virginia Ruano Pascual and Paola Suárez defeated Conchita Martínez and Patricia Tarabini , 7 – 5 , 6 – 3	Sing
Justine Henin-Hardenne defeated Nadia Petrova , 6 – 3 , 4 – 6 , 6 – 3	Sing
Available options at this time included a shelf under the instrument panel , intermittent windshield wipers and hazard flashers .	Sing
Holcomb of the United States won both the four-man and the combined World Cups .	Sing
Australia chef de mission Ian Chesterman stated that the decision was not taken lightly and was done on the side of safety .	Sing
She represents Malerkotla in the Punjab Legislative Assembly of which she is the only Muslim member .	Sing
Food plants of the larvae include " Calamagrostis " .	Sing
Kennedy met Reno when she was Chelsea ’ s Grade 1 teacher , on the school playground .	Sing
Lebanon also had many motels , for travelers along Route 66 to stay in .	Plur
It was originally spelled Peirce City , named for Andrew Peirce , Jr. of Boston , president of the St. Louis – San Francisco Railway .	Sing
On July 9 , 1862 Confederate guerrilla leader Raphael Smith , a pre-war tanner in the area , raided Monticello with a force of eighty men .	Sing
Two railroads built through the county , in 1871 and 1872 respectively , bypassed Monticello for reasons that still remain unclear considering its status as county seat .	Sing
Every Labor Day weekend , Brookfield hosts the Great Pershing Balloon Derby .	Sing
Daily Amtrak trains link nearby Quincy to downtown Chicago .	Sing
Commuter air service connects Quincy to St. Louis .	Sing
The area contains Joplin and Neosho , Missouri addresses .	Sing
On November 12 , the commissioners reported Neosho as the permanent seat of justice and James Wilson was appointed a special commissioner to lay out the town .	Sing
This subdivision , later incorporated into the city limits , is still called " McCord 's Addition to Neosho " .	Sing
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad reached Neosho in 1870 .	Sing
In 1887 the Kansas City-Fort Smith and Southern Railroad entered Neosho .	Sing
The KCFS & S served the Neosho National Fish Hatchery , the oldest Federal Fish Hatchery still operating today , which was built the following year .	Sing
Michael Schaffer , reporting on the incident for " The New Republic " , described Maryville as a " lawless hellhole " .	Sing
It was home to the father-son horse trainers Ben and Jimmy Jones , whose horses won eight Kentucky Derbies and two Triple Crowns .	Plur
U.S. Route 412 connects Hayti to Kennett to the west , and Route 84 connects the city with Caruthersville to the east .	Sing
It annexed North Wardell in 2007 .	Sing
Barnabas Burns had a storehouse on the east side of the square by the late 1820s .	Sing
On this album , the lyrics generally take a backseat to the music and the jamming .	Sing
Routes 50 and 65 intersect in the city .	Sing
The entrepreneurial middle class created more formal separations between its residential areas and those of working class whites and African Americans .	Plur
On December 16 , 1861 , Colonel W. James Morgan 's Union Squad razed Platte City , including the courthouse .	Sing
However , neither country would order the Tiger .	Sing
Unless diagnosing genetic disorders during childhood and start early intervention can reduce morbidity or mortality .	Sing
A rival , Parrhasius , asked Zeuxis to judge one of his paintings that was behind a pair of tattered curtains in his study .	Sing
Chantourné literally means ' cutout ' and refers to a trompe l 'œil representation designed to stand away from a wall .	Sing
He has since used Macondo as a setting for several other stories .	Sing
Lewis once advised three saxophonists who were improvising on one of his original compositions : " You have to put yourself at the service of the melody ...	Plur
Napoleon created twenty-six Marshals of the Empire :	Plur
The international situation during those years prevented the convening of a General Conference Session .	Sing
Available flavors included mango , lime , melon and chocolate .	Sing
Investigators determined that Anheuser-Busch entered into an illegal agreement of exclusivity with two concert venues in Seattle – the Showbox and the Showbox SoDo .	Plur
He represented England U20 at 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship .	Sing
This establishes a bijection ( up to isomorphism ) between the class of all finite posets and the class of all finite distributive lattices .	Sing
It characterizes distributive lattices as the lattices of compact open sets of certain topological spaces .	Plur
Examples include Hopf algebras and Lie bialgebras .	Plur
We then have natural isomorphisms	Plur
Swelling produces airway obstruction which , when significant , leads to dramatically increased work of breathing and the characteristic turbulent , noisy airflow known as stridor .	Sing
With treatment , less than 0.2 % of children require endotracheal intubation .	Sing
And the River Skral ran crimson red .	Sing
One can also obtain the Laplacian .	Sing
Meanwhile , Honorius III sent Pelagius of Albano to lead the crusade in 1219 .	Sing
The terms of this surrender meant the relinquishing of Damietta to Al-Kamil in exchange for the release of the crusaders .	Sing
Wind speeds vary from c 80 km / hr avg in winter , to 50-52 in summer .	Sing
Examples include mallards , wigeon , Greylag geese , herons and coots .	Plur
Some authors define an embedding to be a full and faithful functor .	Sing
Some authors define an embedding to be a full and faithful functor that is injective on objects .	Sing
Other authors define a functor to be an embedding if it is	Sing
A functor " F " is then called a full embedding if it is a full functor and an embedding .	Sing
Disappointed , Valentine bids Proteus farewell and goes on alone .	Sing
Meanwhile , Julia is discussing Proteus with her maid , Lucetta , who tells Julia that she thinks Proteus is fond of her .	Sing
The outlaws head to their leader ( Valentine ) , but on the way , they encounter Proteus and Julia ( still disguised as Sebastian ) .	Sing
The production starred Lenny James as Valentine , Mark Rylance as Proteus , Stephanie Roth Haberle as Julia and Anastasia Hille as Silvia .	Sing
The cast included Rolf Schult as Valentine , Hannes Riesenberger as Proteus , Helga Siemers as Julia and Isolde Chlapek as Silvia .	Sing
He promotes veganism , and a biocentric , rather than anthropocentric , worldview .	Sing
ship in 1971 and skippered the Greenpeace boat " Astral " in 1972 .	Sing
On 16 December 1968 , Spain formally revoked the Alhambra Decree , the 1492 edict expelling Jews from Spain .	Sing
As Franklin had hoped , the four-cylinder engine eliminated the bouncing suffered by cars manufactured with more common one-cylinder engines .	Sing
Franklin built a light tonneau that weighed about .	Sing
The company also built a heavier tonneau with a four-cylinder engine and a total weight of .	Sing
Franklin Automobile Company had a yearly payroll of $ 7,300,000 in April 1920 .	Sing
Currie had also joined the studio-based band Visage , fronted by Steve Strange , that also included Midge Ure .	Sing
Visage drummer Rusty Egan encouraged Currie to ask Ure to join the defunct Ultravox as lead singer / guitarist .	Sing
With Tony Fennell on vocals , they recorded the album " Revelation " .	Sing
He became a glowing admirer of German music , particularly that of Richard Wagner and Anton Bruckner .	Sing
Top-rated products are awarded the " Which ? "	Sing
Contemporary artists include Martinho da Vila , Zeca Pagodinho and Paulinho da Viola .	Sing
In martial arts , Brazilians have developed capoeira , vale tudo , and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu .	Sing
Benn attended Norland Place School , Westminster Under School , Holland Park School and the University of Sussex where he graduated in Russian and East European Studies .	Sing
Corbyn then dismissed Benn from his position as Shadow Foreign Secretary .	Sing
He always pushed IHEU to be bigger and bolder . "	Sing
This deeply affected Edith and her views on marriage , marital fighting , as well as how to treat other people .	Sing
When Stapleton reminded him that Edith was a fictional character , Lear took a long pause , causing Stapleton to think she had hurt him .	Sing
CBD challenged NMFS in court , and in June 2005 , a federal judge directed the agency to make a designation .	Sing
In 1930 , he married his fellow student Claire Spinner ( 1908 – 1990 ) .	Sing
The English Place-Name Society describe " Hallam " originating from a formation meaning " on the rocks " .	Sing
Suburbs and villages within this area include Bradfield , Broomhill , Crookes , Fulwood , Hillsborough , Loxley , Stannington , Strines , and Walkley .	Sing
" Newsweek " placed Florianópolis in the " Ten most dynamic cities of the world " list in 2006 .	Sing
The canal at Barra da Lagoa connects the Lagoa da Conceição with the open sea .	Sing
The 2001 Census showed Hallam to have the highest number of people classified as professionals of any of the UK constituencies .	Sing
It fully addresses the filename , POSIX attribute , and multibyte character issues that were not handled by ISO 9660 .	Sing
Four water storage tanks collect rainwater and condensation from air conditioning .	Sing
In 2000 , Paraná beat AD São Caetano to win the Yellow Module of the João Havelange Cup .	Sing
This cup replaced the Campeonato Brasileiro ( all levels ) , which had been suspended for one year .	Sing
In the fall of that year , she suffered a terrible migraine with a fever that lasted nine days .	Sing
In England in the spring of 1846 , she met Giuseppe Mazzini , who had been in exile there from Italy since 1837 .	Sing
By May 19 , several companies of the Texas cavalry had reached Searcy Landing and awaited an opportunity to strike the overwhelming opponent .	Sing
These articles lifted the despair that had gripped the state and provided the Confederates with a new sense of optimism and hope .	Sing
Confederate theater commander Hindman also launched a clever disinformation campaign aimed at convincing the Union forces that new units were pouring into Little Rock from Texas .	Sing
He put Blackmore on the phone and asked Turner to audition for Rainbow .	Sing
As of 2005 the building housed a religious bookstore and a real estate office .	Sing
Al Everest filled the vacancy as special teams coordinator left by Ligashesky 's dismissal .	Sing
The commissioner also ordered Roethlisberger to undergo a behavioral analysis .	Sing
As the Minister of Information , Mohamed introduced the " Setia Bersama Rakyat " ( Semarak ) programme which was aimed at instilling patriotism among the people .	Sing
He took Östers IF from Division 5 to Division 1 .	Sing
Players appearing in the game as substitutes for Michigan included Bennie Oosterbaan ( left end ) , and Louis Gilbert ( left halfback ) .	Sing
He picked Oosterbaan and Edwards as first-team All-Americans .	Sing
Osborn sailed " Quail " for the Mediterranean on 11 September 1811 .	Sing
A later court martial admonished Paddon for relying too heavily on Joseph Delaby , the pilot , who by then had deserted .	Sing
In 1120 , Henry caused Edith to marry Robert D 'Oyly the younger , second son of Nigel D 'Oyly .	Sing
He tried to improve the work of his father , " The Sacrifice of Oxen " .	Sing
The team represents Slovakia at the International Ice Hockey Federation 's IIHF World U20 Championship .	Sing
Winners receive 100,000 Swedish krona and a bronze statuette by the artist Michael Fare .	Sing
They have tentacle ampullae and respiratory trees present , a kind of water lung attached to the cloaca .	Sing
A Cuban exile since March 2009 , he was nationalized Uruguayan in August 2014 and is competing for Uruguay since late 2014 .	Sing
In November 1873 , during the Second Aceh Expedition the Dutch successfully captured VI mukim in 1873 , followed by the Sultan 's Palace in 1874 .	Sing
About 250 political prisoners have joined Güven with an own indefinite hunger strike .	Sing
He inherited the earldom in July 1640 from his uncle William Cecil , 2nd Earl of Exeter .	Sing
In 1895 Willoughby represented Worcestershire in the inaugural Minor Counties Championship in a single match against Hertfordshire .	Sing
More serious sanctions include demotion to a lower league or even complete expulsion from the French league system .	Sing
He inherited the earldom in 1721 .	Sing
The nine integers are represented by consonant group beginning with " ka " , " ṭa " , " pa " , " ya " .	Sing
The Vanuatu national under-19 cricket team represents Vanuatu in international under-19 cricket .	Sing
Harris also criticized the Chief Protector of Aborigines for Western Australia , Henry Charles Prinsep for turning Aboriginal people off their land .	Sing
He exhibits a wry and irreverent sense of humor .	Sing
He eventually finds Maric , who was captured by a Tevinter Magister who used Maric 's blood to enhance his power .	Sing
After the battle , Morrigan ( and Kieran if he was born ) leave the Inquisition for parts unknown .	Sing
Leliana returns in " Dragon Age : Inquisition " as the Inquisition 's spymaster .	Sing
She warns Hawke and company that the world is about to change before departing .	Sing
Later while Hawke argues with the Templars and the mages , Anders blows up the chantry .	Sing
The pair return to the Silent Grove and Varric convinces Yavana to help with Alistair 's rescue .	Sing
Varric interrogated the minion and tricked him into revealing to Varric that Titus is in Seheron .	Sing
Aveline joins the Hawkes in escaping to Kirkwall , where she eventually becomes a member of city guard .	Plur
Isabela engages Claudio in a duel with him taunting her with her past and allegations .	Sing
Isabela knocks Devon 's offender unconscious to the floor , but as he is muttering thanks she stabs Devon in his chest .	Sing
They eventually find Maric but are forced to kill him out of mercy after taking down Aurelius .	Sing
In Act III she requests that Hawke to help her contact the demon that gave her power in order to finish restoring the mirror .	Sing
During the third act , with or without Hawke 's assistance , he destroys the Kirkwall Chantry , killing the Grand Cleric and several others .	Sing
Hawke can either turn Fenris over to Danarius , thus losing him permanently , or defend Fenris and engage in combat against Danarius and his thugs .	Sing
During the climax of the game , Anders blows up the Chantry and openly announces his own guilt .	Sing
If Isabela returns the relic , he can leave Kirkwall with it , and her .	Sing
After crashing through roadblocks and high-speed police chases , the truck swerves and explodes into flames .	Plur
During the 1950s the 650 yard drive became the Westbrook Hay Hill Climb .	Sing
In recent times , the bridge suffered vandalism .	Sing
He won the Absa Cape Epic back to back with team partner Christoph Sauser in 2011 and 2012 .	Sing
It became a through-station on 25 March 1936 when the track was further extended to .	Sing
Hondo cast Aï Keïta after witnessing a confrontation between Keïta and a family member .	Sing
A sixteenth floor was added containing luxury penthouses and suites .	Plur
The song has singer Shreya Ghoshal along with A. R. Rahman himself singing .	Sing
The leading sculptors included : Libero Andreotti , Arturo Martini , Giacomo Manzù , Nicola Neonato , Pietro Guida , Marcello Mascherini .	Sing
Eisenhower Fellowships selected Lykke Friis in 2002 to represent Denmark .	Sing
The coat of arms of Monaco , blazoned " Fusily argent and gules " , is shown supported by two armed monks .	Sing
Kandela includes four patties ( small independent villages ) , i.e .	Plur
He left Tusculum in 1972 for a job as an associate professor of art at Peabody College of Vanderbilt University .	Sing
Only a few streams enter the Bode , on the right-hand side of the ravine .	Sing
Such rarities include the wildcat , Bechstein 's bat , peregrine falcon , black stork , middle spotted woodpecker .	Sing
Rare visitors include pike , dace and perch .	Sing
A collision " x " congruent to " x " reveals a multiple " m1 - m2 " of the order of " x " .	Sing
Also during this period API sold the API three wheeler Auto Rickshaw , in competition to the Bajaj three-wheeler .	Sing
Convoy PQ 12 departed Reykjavík , Iceland on 1 March 1942 .	Sing
Convoy PQ 17 departed Reykjavík on 27 June 1942 and scattered at sea on 5 July .	Sing
Soumahoro joined Strasbourg IG as an 18-year-old for the 2007-08 season .	Sing
The administrative seat and the main town was Karl-Marx-Stadt , renamed Chemnitz after the reunification of Germany .	Sing
He made his Bolton debut on 30 November 2013 in an away defeat against Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium as a substitute for Neil Danns .	Sing
Arthur Whatmore visited Hull in December 1923 to produce a play for the Amateur Operatic Society .	Sing
Tezuka then redesigned Atom slightly , and renamed him as Jetter Mars .	Sing
This made Tezuka lose interest in the series and it finished with 27 episodes produced .	Sing
Dieffenbach ( 1792 – 1847 ) popularized the nasolabial flap for nasal reconstruction , for which it remains a foundational nose surgery procedure .	Sing
The surgeon designs the paramedian forehead flap from a custom-fabricated three-dimensional metal foil template derived from the measures of the nasal defect to be corrected .	Sing
At age eleven he ordered the whipping of a serving girl for no known reason .	Sing
King Martin sent his son Martin the Younger , by then king of Sicily through his marriage to Queen Maria , to reconquer Sardinia .	Sing
The Goddess of Discord later sends a Roc which captures Marina , but she is rescued by Sinbad .	Sing
When he answers that he will return , Eris calls him a liar , and returns him and Marina to the mortal world .	Sing
The DVD included a six-minute interactive short animated film " Cyclops Island " , featuring an encounter with the eponymous Cyclops .	Sing
The site 's consensus reads : " Competent , but not magical . "	Sing
At one point , Shaheen asked Katzenberg to include some references to Arabic culture in the film .	Sing
Guests have reportedly included Oprah Winfrey and John Travolta .	Sing
Anand married Aruna in 1996 and has a son , Akhil , born on 9 April 2011 .	Sing
In the eleventh game , Kramnik played the Najdorf Variation of the Sicilian Defense .	Sing
He faced Carlsen in the world championship match in November , in Sochi , Russia .	Sing
If an Astros player hits the pole , all fans in attendance get a coupon for a free chicken sandwich from Chick-fil-A .	Sing
Ty Wigginton became the third Astro to hit the left field pole on September 16 , 2007 .	Sing
Alvarez defeated Kirkland via knockout in the third round .	Sing
Peter , who is distraught over the loss of Gwen Stacy , angrily confronts MJ about her seemingly flighty and carefree attitude .	Sing
Mary Jane visits her sister Gayle and her father for the first time in years , and finally reconciles with them .	Sing
His shallowness makes MJ walk away from him and take a TV job , which takes her back to New York .	Sing
His refusal to do so convinced MJ that they must remain unmarried , since any children they might have would be endangered by his being a superhero .	Sing
In February 2010 , six members of Artcirq represented Nunavut in performances at the 2010 Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver , British Columbia .	Sing
Its slow movement over warm waters , in addition to an anticyclone becoming established over the hurricane , caused Alicia to undergo rapid deepening .	Sing
The AMA officially recognized obesity as a disease in 2013 in an attempt to change how the medical community approaches the issue .	Sing
The United States completed the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 , doubling the size of the nation .	Sing
The Puritans created a deeply religious , socially tight-knit , and politically innovative culture that still influences the modern United States .	Sing
North Carolina had the smallest upper-class .	Sing
It incited rancor and division between the new revivalists and the old traditionalists who insisted on ritual and liturgy .	Sing
Barry Walters of " Rolling Stone " called the album uneven : praising its first half but criticizing the latter portion .	Sing
The household also includes a bungling maid , Cora Appel , often teasingly referred to as " Applecore " by Jean and Louise .	Sing
Other alumni who are or have been involved in politics include former United States Supreme Court Associate Justice and former Attorney General James Clark McReynolds ( B.S .	Plur
In the 2010 elections Bayan has 7 congressmen in the lower house .	Plur
Later on , Vladimir Lenin 's government also renounced the Partition of Poland treaty , making it possible for Poland to claim its 1772 borders .	Sing
Less concrete changes include the growing assertiveness of Commonwealth nations .	Sing
Out of this fear came appeasement .	Sing
On 12 April 2011 , Nokia announced Symbian Anna as a software update to the Symbian ^ 3 release .	Sing
On 24 August 2011 , Nokia announced Symbian Belle ( later renamed Nokia Belle ) as a software update to the Symbian Anna release .	Sing
Mark Travis married Jemima Stallworth on June 1 , 1808 .	Sing
Famed lawyer James Dellet accepted Travis as his apprentice .	Sing
Still , no one helped Travis with his newspaper , and by the end of that year , the " Herald " stopped being printed .	Sing
A metalworking vise may have a small anvil integrated into its design .	Sing
The African Methodist Episcopal Church ( AME ) has the anvil in its coat of arms .	Sing
The vast majority of extant works use the anvil as unpitched .	Sing
They chose Bowie , infuriating Travis .	Sing
Travis sent Juan Seguin on Bowie 's horse , to recruit reinforcements on February 25 , and arrived .	Sing
At Bowie 's request Crockett and several others carried the cot over the line , leaving Rose alone on the other side .	Sing
Santa Anna ordered the alcalde of San Antonio , Francisco Antonio Ruiz , to confirm the identities of Bowie , Travis , and Crockett .	Sing
He chose the Bowie eponym because he admired James Bowie and the Bowie knife , although his pronunciation uses the ( ) variant .	Sing
Other Japanese monks follow the Bodhisattva Precepts only , which was excerpted from the Mahāyāna version of Brahmajālasutra ( 梵網經 ) .	Plur
The cell phones use UMTS in combination with 2G GSM standards and bandwidths , but " do not support EDGE " .	Plur
Some species are accomplished mimics and have a variety of alarm calls , to which other birds and animals often respond .	Plur
After 2G was launched , the previous mobile wireless network systems were retroactively dubbed 1G .	Sing
Many mushroom enthusiasts just like chanterelles sauteed in butter , with a pinch of salt , a clove of fresh crushed garlic and some whipping cream .	Sing
Buenos Aires resisted Urquiza and seceded from the Confederation in 1852 , becoming the State of Buenos Aires ; the province would return to Argentina in 1861 .	Sing
Rosas left Buenos Aires and waged the first campaign in the desert in the south , to prevent further malones from the indigenous peoples .	Sing
Berón de Astrada , from Corrientes , opposed Rosas as well , and Juan Lavalle organized an army to take Buenos Aires .	Plur
Rosas supported Oribe in the conflict , as Uruguay was still at war with Argentina .	Sing
Rosas declared war against him , but Urquiza defeated Rosas at the battle of Caseros , forcing him into exile .	Sing
The Confederation attacked Buenos Aires in 1856 , led by Jerónimo Costa , who was defeated by Bartolomé Mitre .	Sing
He defeated Mitre at the Battle of Cepeda , and laid siege to the city .	Sing
Mitre defeated Urquiza at the battle of Pavón in 1861 , and Buenos Aires returned to the Confederation , which would be the modern Republic of Argentina .	Sing
Vestey developed the country-wide Dewhurst the Butchers chain , which was eventually disbanded in 1995 in the face of increasing competition from the supermarket chains .	Sing
They share the same great-grandfather , Grand Duke Vladimir Alexandrovich .	Sing
Such changes include downsizing , delayering and outsourcing .	Sing
Program management also emphasizes the coordinating and prioritizing of resources across projects , managing links between the projects and the overall costs and risks of the program .	Sing
In his book , " Flawed Advice and the Management Trap " , Chris Argyris believes that much of the advice given today has real merit .	Sing
The committee wanted the Wrights to demonstrate flights over the water around New York City .	Plur
This arrangement offended the RAMC ; and , after an inquiry , Ward 's activities were stopped .	Sing
In return , Ward introduced the shy Astor to his own world of night-clubs , parties and girls .	Sing
MI5 considered Ivanov a possible defector , and sought Ward 's help to this end , allocating him to a case officer known as " Woods " .	Sing
Ward introduced Keeler to Profumo , who was greatly attracted to her , and promised to be in touch .	Sing
Military aircraft include the KC-10 Extender on fuel stops and the KDC10 .	Sing
He married Bertha Neumann on 15 October 1872 .	Sing
Trotha 's troops also routed the Nama .	Sing
In practice , partly due to its isolation , Pitcairn has effectively had internal self-government throughout this period .	Sing
The character 's own name means " foreknowledge " .	Sing
With newly returned art director Brian Morgan , Macfarlane oversaw a revamping of the editorial and art direction of the magazine .	Sing
Frequently , the consequent strongly parallels the antecedent , even sharing most of the material save the final bars .	Sing
The consequent diametrically opposes the antecedent .	Sing
The finished stonework has a creamy , sandy colour .	Sing
Later , they kill another swinger in a similar fashion , and realize that they could make money by killing " rich perverts " .	Sing
Instead , Mary lures Raoul into the kitchen and kills him .	Sing
It took " Claymore " about two months to find the wreck , which it did by dragging its anchor along the seabed , and minefield .	Sing
The source of cytoskeletal traction is actomyosin contractility .	Sing
The integration of biochemical and mechanical cues may allow fine-tuning of cell migration .	Sing
The workers eventually took Falconbridge to court over the sulphuric fumes .	Sing
Today one can find " Vancouver Specials " all over Greater Vancouver and notably in the suburb cities of	Plur
He also inherited the Earldom of Fife and the Earldom of Menteith , and at last became Governor of Scotland in his own right .	Sing
In 1985 he officially succeeded Pol Pot as leader of the Khmer Rouge , and served in this position until 1998 .	Sing
Honeytokens do not necessarily prevent any tampering with the data , but instead give the administrator a further measure of confidence in the data integrity .	Sing
By early October Albany was acting lieutenant-general of the realm , had taken the earldom of Mar , and had re-acquired his former lands and offices .	Sing
57 % spoke Sotho as their home language , 23 % spoke Xhosa , 9.5 % spoke Tswana and 6 % spoke Afrikaans as first language .	Sing
The current roster of artists includes Mura Masa , iLL BLU , Will Arcane , KDA and John Calvert .	Sing
" Les Jeux des Jeunes Garçons	Plur
See also dynamic game difficulty balancing .	Sing
Later on , he joined the death metal band Obscura .	Sing
They , along with Dying Fetus , supported Cannibal Corpse on their U.S. tour in the fall , which also included some Canadian venues .	Sing
In the heart of Mossflower Wood stands Redwall Abbey , peaceful in the gentle sun .	Sing
An MRI eventually revealed some fraying of his labrum	Sing
The base scheme has a Frobenius morphism " F " .	Sing
Consider , for example , the " A " -algebra :	Sing
then extending scalars by formula _ 49 gives :	Plur
Other microorganisms can produce ethanol from sugars by fermentation but often only as a side product .	Sing
Ethanol fermentation produces unharvested byproducts such as heat , carbon dioxide , food for livestock , water , methanol , fuels , fertilizer and alcohols .	Plur
In the 1970s , the CAB lobbied against attempts by the BBG 's successor , the CRTC , to implement policies for Canadian content .	Sing
They soon formed the band Sparrow , which later changed its name to Buckcherry .	Sing
In 2005 , Josh Todd reformed Buckcherry with Keith Nelson and new members Stevie D. , Jimmy Ashhurst , and Xavier Muriel .	Sing
The quality of the material persuaded Kaluta to create the show poster .	Sing
Painter Lee Moyer did a lush and complex revamping of all the color using contemporary digital technology .	Sing
Womack immediately grabbed his clavicle as a second Red Sox run scored .	Sing
Morris walked Ramírez and Ortiz in the bottom of the inning .	Sing
Mike Timlin replaced Embree in the eighth , in which a sacrifice fly by Scott Rolen reduced the Red Sox lead to four .	Sing
He later donated the bloody sock he wore during the game to the Baseball Hall of Fame museum .	Sing
The earliest Wiccan publications described Wicca as a tribal goddess of the witch community , neither omnipotent nor universal .	Sing
In 1930 Selwyn College and College House ( a University of Canterbury hall of residence ) began an annual sporting and cultural exchange .	Sing
Al-Turabi founded the Popular Arab and Islamic Congress in 1990-1991 .	Sing
On 18 January 2011 , security forces arrested Hassan al-Turabi from Khartoum , presumably at the wake of the recent instability in Sudan ’ s politics .	Sing
Every compact connected Lie group has a complexification , which is a complex reductive algebraic group .	Sing
More generally , the roots of a reductive group form a root datum , a slight variation .	Sing
In more detail , fix a split maximal torus and a Borel subgroup , " T " ⊂ " B " ⊂ " G " .	Sing
Spuyten Duyvil Bridge , a railroad swing bridge that carries Amtrak 's Empire Corridor line between New York City and Albany , spans Spuyten Duyvil Creek .	Sing
Define an " extended cyclotomic polynomial " to be a polynomial of the form	Sing
These organizations naturally saw burlesque , which was quite popular in that era , as the perfect genre .	Sing
In Naples he probably met Gesualdo , and by 1610 he was in Parma and Piacenza .	Sing
The jet engine had a four-stage afterburner .	Sing
The six-wheeled " Green Monster 6 " became the first dragster to break 150 miles per hour ( 241 km / h ) in the quarter mile .	Sing
A pennaceous feather has a stalk or quill .	Sing
Pennaceous feathers have a rachis with " vanes " or " vaxillum " spreading to either side .	Sing
This forms a miniature velcro-like mesh that holds all the barbs together , stabilizing the vanes .	Sing
The Post version was originally called Happy Jax , and was renamed to Sugar Crisp the next year .	Sing
When he challenges Cet mac Mágach for the champion 's portion , Cet counters that he once emasculated Celtchar with a spear at Celtchar 's own house .	Sing
According to Fletcher and Hurd , exactly what constitutes internal organizing and what constitutes external organizing is unclear .	Sing
A community appeal raised $ 1.2m .	Sing
It crosses a dozen viaducts , including the southern hemisphere 's largest wrought iron structure , and passes through ten tunnels .	Plur
Dunedin Railways are currently storing 10 AO and 4 ASO carriages for KiwiRail in Middlemarch .	Sing
Cet shamed all comers by reminding them how he had bested them in combat .	Plur
Cet killed Conchobar mac Nessa , king of Ulster .	Sing
In 2009 , Molloy starred in the sitcom " The Jesters " which aired on Movie Extra on Foxtel .	Sing
In 1993 , Newcastle was renamed Clarington .	Sing
Charles Davenport appointed Laughlin as a head of the ERO due to Laughlin 's extensive knowledge about breeding and the implementation of this knowledge in humans .	Sing
In July 1843 , President John Tyler selected Henshaw as Secretary of the Navy .	Sing
The Socket 754 version of the board has the HyperTransport link clocked to 800 MHz ( 6.4 GB / s transfer rate ) .	Sing
It comprises the existing nForce4 MCP for the southbridge and a new AMD nForce4 System Platform Processor ( SPP ) .	Sing
Born in 1946 , Clement spent much of his childhood in Paris with his father , an artist , and his mother , a pianist .	Sing
However , the firm has a diverse workload , and is also experienced in many other sectors including universities , schools and social housing .	Sing
As a child , Morgan attended Ysgol Gyfun Aberaeron .	Sing
The film contains very little gore and no zombies at all , as would generally be expected of a title containing " Living Dead " .	Sing
The Mexican government would have a programmed countermeasure in place .	Sing
Most Gurkha typically speak Nepali and Burmese languages .	Sing
The Barra ceramic phase , which marks the beginning of the Early Formative period , spans 1850 to 1650 cal .	Sing
Former students of the school include Finland 's national poet Johan Ludvig Runeberg ( 1804 – 1877 ) .	Sing
Hubert also published ‘ Egypt 's Favorite .	Sing
He represented the Australia Under-21s in 2000 and also played for Australian Universities .	Plur
Clarice Willow continually presses Lacy for information on Zoe 's work , even attempting to use her younger husband , Nestor , to flirt with her .	Sing
Tamara-A shoots Vesta and asks Heracles to find her father and tell him that she still exists in the V world .	Sing
Emmanuel persuades Tamara to kill Joseph 's avatar for the sake of his well-being , to help him finally let go of his grief .	Sing
He helps Lacey contact Barnabas Greeley .	Sing
Clarice later kills Barnabas and the rest of his crew other than Lacy , after receiving permission from the Mother to do so .	Plur
He was appointed Lieutenant-colonel of Guise 's regiment in 1741 , but died at sea off Jamaica in 1742 .	Sing
The Rochester Americans hosted the Frozen Frontier on December 13 , 2013 , taking on the Lake Erie Monsters at Frontier Field .	Sing
Stockton defeated Bakersfield 3 – 2 in front of 9,357 fans .	Sing
He married Antoinette BURNARD d / o George BURNARD in 1853	Sing
Ó Cellaigh accompanied FitzGerald and lifted Burke 's occupation of Galway and Athenry .	Sing
In the end of September 2010 , she joined GEO and hosted a morning show ' Utho Jago Pakistan ' on the same channel .	Sing
Shaista has a brother Sahir Lodhi , who is also working in TV .	Sing
She also hosted ' Mehmaan Nawaz ' on Urdu1 and now hosting ' Geo Subah Pakistan ' on Geo TV .	Sing
A common political discourse attributes Bolivia 's underdevelopment to its loss of seaports in the War of the Pacific becoming thus a landlocked country .	Sing
Together with Lietuvos Skautija , the primary national Scouting organization of Lithuania , LRMD is hosting annual Jamboree on the Air events .	Sing
In 1945 Percy Allen consulted the psychic Hester Dowden , who communicated with the spirit of Oxford .	Sing
He quickly befriended Jacqueline Morgenstern who was close in age , was from France and also spoke French .	Sing
Uganda made their Paralympic debut at the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg , West Germany .	Sing
He also wrote a primer on " The Art of Training Choir Boys " which became a standard work on the subject .	Sing
It features a conical , three story turret and rounded , one story enclosed porch .	Sing
On 8 August , when on offensive patrol , he engaged a two-seater , driving it down .	Sing
On 2 October , Ross with three other machines , attacked eight Fokker biplanes ; in the engagement that followed four of these were destroyed , Capt .	Plur
That night , the Thugs strike with their usual success , and all caravan members , Connaught-Smith included , end up slain and buried .	Sing
In 1965 he co-produced the film " 4x4 " and it was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival .	Sing
Their cousins Ashur and Adonijah Rice , sons of Thomas Rice , were captured at the same time from the same flax field .	Sing
He then joined Canottieri Lario .	Sing
Ivan tells Katia of his dream to become a professional gem-cutter and avenge his father 's death .	Sing
He sees Katia in a dream , and she tells him they 'll never be together .	Sing
Finally he finds Baba Yaga , who tells him about magical diamonds able to cancel Alatyr 's black powers .	Sing
Ivan saves Katia and steals Alatyr just in time , and they rush to the passageway to the non-magical world .	Sing
All archaeological sites , in some fashion , illustrate the overlays of time and space .	Plur
These different formation require different artisanal and formal mining methods , with different social and economic structures .	Sing
Sharon briefly left the checkout before returning to find Katrice was nowhere to be seen .	Sing
Matt Jost of RapReviews gave the album a seven out of ten , saying " It doesn 't sound like much upon first listen .	Sing
He won a Laurence Olivier Bursary in 2004 in association with the Society of London Theatre .	Sing
Makarem appeared in period feature film " The Duel . "	Sing
Edgar married Sissy , and slowly gained fame for his writing .	Sing
With the introduction of IMO numbers , " Pantera " was allocated the IMO Number 5270090 .	Sing
Reston then encountered the villain Shockwave , who attacked him .	Sing
After law school he taught Civics at Secundaria 18 in Mexico City .	Plur
The time afforded to them in 1942 , a distinct period of inactivity in this area , allowed the Wehrmacht to build formidable defensive positions .	Sing
They used Rosen and Woodbury again for this movie , their second .	Sing
He finished 57th in the 15 km event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec .	Sing
In 1877 he married Louise Boarman of San Francisco .	Sing
After buying out their partners , Don and Eilish Kendell set up Premiair Aviation with two Piper Cherokee aircraft .	Sing
After the 1968 season Timms joined Warwickshire .	Sing
He also represented Warwickshire in one-day cricket , making his debut for the county in the 1969 Player 's County League against Kent .	Sing
It stars Dane Clark and Belinda Lee .	Sing
It features a 2-story , semi-circular sleeping porch with shingled piers and a conical roof .	Sing
She won the 1500m and 3000m at the Nordic Neo Senior Games in 2002 .	Sing
He always watches Amazing Discoveries .	Plur
Although it seems clear on the water where they are sailing , Lewis encourages Sal to go under deck .	Sing
The locomotives have two high-pressure and two low-pressure cylinders , located outside the locomotive 's frames .	Sing
He also shepherds Pittsburg Hasidim in Jerusalem , Bnei Brak , Beit Hilkia , New York City and California .	Sing
In 1970 , he joined the recently promoted Puebla F.C. , where he played for seven years where he finished his career in 1977 .	Sing
These included an aisle , baptistry , vestry and a chapel in honour of Our Lady .	Sing
In 2004 , Rostén joined Marduk as vocalist prior to the completion of the band 's album " Plague Angel " , replacing longtime vocalist Legion .	Sing
In 1598 , the king charged Bernt Petersen who had just completed the large tower at Koldinghus , with the commission .	Sing
Thor met the Eternals in a lengthy storyline .	Plur
Thor kills the Serpent , although his body is completely pulverized .	Sing
Thor battles X-Men foe the Juggernaut and meets the New Warriors .	Sing
Thor locates Odin in a limbo between life and death , waging constant battle with Surtur .	Sing
During the events of the 2010 " Siege " storyline , Thor defends Asgard against an invasion by Norman Osborn and his Dark Avengers .	Sing
Thor then kills the Sentry .	Sing
Exceptionally powerful magic can overwhelm Odin 's enchantment that transforms him between Asgardian and mortal forms .	Sing
" We Were Liars " made the shortlist of four books for the 2014 Guardian Children 's Fiction Prize .	Sing
However , Vizsla betrays Maul and the syndicates and imprisons them as well .	Sing
He was appointed Commandant of the Royal Military College Sandhurst in 1927 and GOC Northern Ireland District in 1931 ; he retired in 1935 .	Sing
Historians Ronald Smelser and Edward J. Davies noted that nowhere in his memoirs or other post-war writings did Manstein explicitly condemn National Socialism .	Sing
Epiphytes that grow in the canopy include Spanish moss ( " Tillandsia usneoides " ) and ball moss ( " T. recurvata " ) .	Sing
He was awarded his O.B.E in the New Years Honours List of 1946 for his services as County Army Welfare Officer for Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire .	Sing
Tiger fans were provided a glimmer of hope when 21-year-old rookie Mark Fidrych made his debut in 1976 .	Sing
In 2005 , the team moved the bullpens to the vacant area beyond the left field fence and filled the previous location with seats .	Plur
After a loss on September 1 , the Tigers reeled off a 12-game winning streak to put any thoughts of another late-season collapse to rest .	Sing
It may represent a Foraminifera .	Sing
He represented Northumberland in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1814 to 1824 and from 1827 to 1830 .	Sing
Musicweek compared Credo to " a latter period Pet Shop Boys album . "	Sing
Gay Times has awarded ' Credo ' with 5 / 5 and has been hailed as an ' incredible pop offering ' .	Sing
The district serves Heber , Overgaard , and the Forest Lakes area .	Sing
In 1814 , he married Ann Brownson .	Sing
He performed his mandatory in the military service from 1986 to 1987 .	Sing
In 1400 , Antonio de Cardona y de Xerica-Aragon married " Leonor Manoel de Vilhena " ( born 1380 )	Sing
The Class 18 had a round-topped firebox with a combustion chamber and with arch tubes supporting the brick arch .	Sing
In the surrounding region mainly are Mesquite and Aloe , the fauna comprises hares , rabbits , foxes , coyotes , squirrel and lizards .	Plur
Ibarra named the new area Nueva Vizcaya in honor of his native land Biscay ( one of the Basque historical territories ) .	Sing
The Train and all 49 cars arrived aboard the " Magellan " on February 3 , 1949 , with over 25,000 onlookers in attendance .	Sing
Castro pitched the ninth inning of a combined no-hitter against the Omaha Storm Chasers on June 7 , 2017 .	Sing
This leaves Felicia puzzled indeed .	Sing
jOOQ uses JDBC to call the underlying SQL queries .	Sing
A heavy snowstorm allowed " Thiele " and " von Arnim " to enter the harbor without challenge and tie up at a pier .	Sing
The mountain troops immediately began disembarking , but the ships were spotted by the coast defense ship a few minutes later .	Sing
Another daughter , Nova Cyngi , produced the leading steeplechaser Dodging Bullets .	Sing
The main force of some 60,000 ( the number is certainly much inflated ) , under Sulayman , raided Cappadocia with Tyana as their target .	Sing
The upper flower has a wavy awn up to 1.5 centimeters long .	Sing
Persepolis faced Sepahan in this final game .	Sing
Ford often used the country refrain , " Bless your pea-pickin ' hearts ! "	Sing
Ford and Wyman sang " Hog Tied Over You . "	Sing
He received a no-decision and was optioned back to Gwinnett the next day .	Sing
The Denver and Rio Grande Railroad established Sublette in 1880 as a construction camp on its narrow gauge San Juan Branch .	Sing
Stefan Edberg and Anders Järryd beat fellow Swedes Joakim Nyström and Mats Wilander in the final .	Sing
DSB operates three daily " InterCity Bornholm " trains from Copenhagen Central Station , which connects with BornholmerFærgen ferries to reach the Danish island of Bornholm .	Sing
She patrolled the Skagerrak to inspect neutral shipping for contraband goods during October .	Sing
The hits he has produced include the Olivier Award-winning , Let It Be and La Cage aux Folles ( 2008 West End revival )	Sing
He joined Matchroom Boxing in 2015 .	Sing
Each flower has a corolla measuring 2 to 3 centimeters wide with five yellow petals .	Sing
This , together with being a heavy smoker , eventually caused a tremor that affected his work .	Sing
By early 1933 , he required hospitalization and , despite various intense treatments ( including malaria therapy ) , died later that year .	Sing
Denver ’ s Bloods and Crips have chosen Colfax Ave. as a borderline separating the two gangs .	Sing
But new experimental fully automatic timing showed Dillard with a 13.91 and Davis with a 14.00 .	Sing
In 2006 , the company closed its Clarksville , Indiana , location , the company 's only location in Indiana .	Sing
St Helens defeated St Marys by 87 points .	Plur
Best and fairest in the seniors was presented the Athol " Curly " Ellis Memorial Trophy	Sing
In 2006 , with Janet Baus and Dan Hunt he co-produced and co-directed the documentary " Cruel and Unusual : Transgender Women in Prison " .	Sing
Directed by Dominic Zapata , it stars Heart Evangelista in the title role and Dennis Trillo .	Sing
He and Pam find multiple snowmen , and Jim attacks them all hoping to find Dwight .	Plur
When Michael claims he heard Holly would be single , he blames " Nora Ephron and every romantic comedy ever " .	Sing
He threw 1 inning and didn 't give up a run .	Sing
During January 1941 , the ship laid a minefield off the coast of south-east England .	Sing
Another sortie on 22 July saw " Z4 Richard Beitzen " sink a Soviet flying boat on the water .	Sing
She reached Bergen on 26 November for temporary repairs that took until 18 December .	Sing
At some point , Mithridates VI met Berenice , who was a citizen from the capital of Chios .	Sing
In July 1881 , the British Reserve Squadron held entertainments on board , which was stationed in Cronstadt .	Plur
He narrated hadiths from preeminent hadith scholars such as Muhammad Ibn Ismail al-Bukhari , Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj , Abu Hatim al-Razi and Abu Zur 'ah Jurjani .	Plur
After a mere five months , they recorded the EP , " Embrace Your Hooks " which was released in June 2004 .	Plur
On November 17 , 2010 , Houston mayor Annise Parker appointed Frye as an Associate Judge for the City of Houston Municipal Courts .	Sing
The second part bears the heading " Flora 's Fortune .	Sing
Later in 1595 there appeared " Pan 's Pipe , Three Pastorall Eglogues in English Hexameter , with other poetical verses delightfull . "	Sing
Toulmouche sent the young Monet to study with Gleyre .	Sing
The latter and the towers have rectangular merlons .	Plur
Thousands of people visit the dargah at the hill top on this day .	Sing
However , being a vegetarian , the man cannot eat the cheeseburger , rendering his attempts at working out the true nature of reality pointless .	Sing
Metal Hammer described " Deconstruction " as " easily the most deranged , complex and sonically overwhelming thing he 's ever done " .	Sing
In 1954 , Aioi joined the JMSDF , eventually rising to the rank of vice admiral .	Sing
Common words used in the English language that have Irish origin include galore , hooligan , phony , slob , and whiskey	Sing
She wears no makeup and will not receive an engagement or wedding ring because the " Ordnung " prohibits personal jewelry .	Sing
Girls in some areas may wear colored bonnets until age nine ; older girls and women wear black bonnets .	Plur
John betrays Nagraj and runs away with Diamond , but is killed by Ronnie , who leaves the Diamond with a taxi triver Yadav Das .	Sing
Rokossovsky begs Zhukov to allow retreat but is refused .	Sing
On 6 December , the Soviets launch a successful counter-offensive by using the air force , the cavalry , tanks , and ski troops .	Sing
This annual or biennial herb produces several hairy , spreading stems up to 30 centimeters long forming a low mat on the ground .	Sing
They besieged Diu in 1538 , but had to retreat .	Sing
After the failed siege of 1538 , the Gujarati General Khadjar Safar besieged Diu again in an attempt to recapture the island .	Sing
He assisted both Pierrepoint and John Ellis sporadically over the next few years .	Sing
Nayala completed M.Tech from SHIATS .	Sing
In 1998 , he rejoined Middlesex .	Sing
The garbhagriha has a Shivalinga with yonipatta attached to earth .	Sing
In 1802 Conolly was left Wentworth Castle by his second cousin Augusta Anne Hatfield-Kaye , sister of Frederick Wentworth , 3rd Earl of Strafford .	Sing
At the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , Christie entered the 500m , 1000m and 1500m events with high hopes of winning a medal .	Sing
Badoy was also given the Ten Outstanding Young Men or TOYM Award making her the only Filipino to win both prestigious awards on the same year .	Sing
Kirchmeyer married Eva Maria Berke in 1966 .	Sing
When Yazid III came to power in early 744 , he initially ordered Nasr replaced .	Sing
The appearance of the British s , with their greater speed and firepower , ensured their obsolescence as fighting units .	Sing
In 1927 he founded O.C .	Sing
When Caroline was struck by a car , Karen and Danielle helped their wheelchair-bound daughter convalesce .	Sing
The event was won by Erwin " Cannonball " Baker in 1928 with a time of 14 : 49.6 seconds , driving a Franklin .	Sing
Carroll Shelby drove a specially prepared Ferrari roadster to a record run of 10 minutes 21.8 seconds on his way to victory in 1956 .	Sing
In February 2005 , with Ludus Pinsky ( Lapo Lombardi ) , he released Italcimenti - Under Construction .	Sing
In March 2009 This Is Music LTD released " Obsession For The Disco Freaks " .	Sing
Three members of the Choir would form the Raspberries with Eric Carmen in the early 1970s .	Plur
He married Artus Wolffort , daughter of the painter Artus Wolffort .	Sing
It is also called UFT or UFUR .	Sing
On 21 April 2015 , Thompson joined St Johnstone on trial .	Sing
She also befriends Mía and they become stepsister since Sonia marries Franco , the father of her former enemy .	Sing
He remembered Pablo , but no one else .	Sing
She has romanced Tomás , but her true love is Nico .	Plur
She dated Pablo , Tomás , Manuel , Joaquín and Guido , and at the end dates Rocco .	Sing
At the end , Laura dates Guido .	Sing
She dated Pablo for a while .	Sing
She dated Blas for a while .	Sing
She dated Guido , but he dated her just because she 's a rich girl .	Sing
She dated Tomás , Guido , Marcos and flirted with Manuel .	Plur
So , she told Sergio , along with Tomás , that Tomás sang the song , not Pablo .	Sing
Pablo tells Tomás that there is no girl in the school who is not crazy about him .	Plur
He remembers Pablo ( the first person he remembers ) , Marizza , his family and Sabrina , but not Mía .	Sing
He asks Mía to forgive him and if she wants to be his girlfriend again .	Sing
He kicks Mora out of Pablo 's life when Mora stood up for her son .	Sing
Bustamante tells Pablo that she left them .	Sing
Kühlmann , who held sympathetic beliefs toward Turkish nationalism , repeatedly used the term " alleged " and excused the Turkish government for the massacres .	Sing
In Akyab , he established the " Bangiya Bauddha Samity " and a vihara with support from Bengali Buddhists , and was made principal of Dharmadut Vihara .	Sing
Krantz speaks Finnish , English , and Swedish .	Sing
Vytautas promised Samogitia to the Teutonic Knights in reward for their military assistance .	Sing
They sought Samogitia , which was promised to them by Vytautas .	Sing
While the siege failed it prompted Vytautas to start negotiations .	Sing
In 2012 , he left Sturm Graz to join Kapfenberger SV .	Sing
They also re-signed LHP J. C. Romero to a three-year deal , in addition to bringing back manager Charlie Manuel and the rest of the coaching staff .	Sing
However , the offense took a downturn as the Phillies pitchers began to sacrifice more runs in the latter part of the month .	Sing
Myers would eventually accept a demotion to AAA Lehigh Valley to work on his confidence and mechanics .	Sing
In August , Eric Bruntlett turned the first game-ending unassisted triple play in National League history , and only the second unassisted triple play in team history .	Sing
The Phillies lost the deciding Game 5 at Citizens Bank Park the next night .	Sing
KYCA ( The News 1490 ) has been serving Prescott and the surrounding communities since 1940 , providing news and other programming to the rapidly growing area .	Sing
The current lineup includes Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Laura Ingraham , Michael Savage , and Lars Larson .	Sing
Siegfried III von Eppstein ( died 9 March 1249 ) was Archbishop of Mainz from 1230 to 1249 .	Sing
He added Lorsch Abbey to the archbishopric .	Sing
Inner complexes have extensive charge redistribution .	Sing
Both ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) pre-organized monomer ( 2 ) , but steric crowding around the iodines prevented successful topological polymerization of the monomer .	Sing
They named the chemical messenger secretin , because it is secreted by the intestinal lining into the bloodstream , stimulating the pancreas on circulation .	Sing
Bayliss and Starling had also used vivisection on anaesthetized dogs to discover peristalsis in 1899 .	Sing
Bayliss 's counsel , Rufus Isaacs , called Starling as his first witness .	Sing
They had not smelled the anaesthetic and had not seen any apparatus delivering it .	Sing
The " Sun " , " Star " and " Daily News " backed Coleridge , calling the decision a miscarriage of justice .	Sing
Their next single " Money ( That 's Your Problem ) " charted reached No.66 ; but two more singles were released plus an album was recorded .	Sing
He then joined the Huntsville Havoc of the Southern Professional Hockey League .	Sing
In July 2007 , Perico left Málaga and signed a two-year contract with second division club CD Castellón .	Sing
However , in Florida , where Democrats gained the Senate seat from Republicans , they lost the Governorship for the just second time since Reconstruction .	Sing
he joins the Second Augustan as Macro 's Optio .	Sing
Amgen sued Transkaryotic Therapies , Inc . ( " TKT " ) for patent infringement .	Plur
Her son Vitellius , renamed Germanicus by his father in 69 , was killed after supporters of Vespasian took control of Rome , together with Vitellius himself .	Sing
A 2016 study performed mass spectrometry on air bubbles trapped inside rock salt deposited 813 Myr ago .	Sing
Multiple events helped the patriotic SVU Mánes to achieve its success before their first exhibition in 1898 .	Sing
Criticism of Preisler ’ s work angered Osma even more .	Sing
In 1902 Kotěra designed the Mánes Pavilion for the Rodin exhibition .	Plur
Together they raised Cassie and Rob Layne 's daughter Tammy Winslow Randall and also R.J. Winslow and Will Winslow .	Sing
Aston Villa had a disappointing 1890 – 91 season , having finished ninth .	Sing
Romania destinations such as Constanța and Mamaia ( sometimes called the " Romanian Riviera " ) have become very popular among European tourists .	Sing
He married Elizabeth Cicely Crake in 1895 at Jevington Church , near Eastbourne .	Sing
Nokia invested $ 110 mn in a plant near Cluj-Napoca .	Sing
The music evokes cantorial lamentations , classical fugues and showtunes , among other styles .	Plur
Villa dispatched Heanor Town F.C. , Darwen , local rivals Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C .	Sing
In Boston , she met Seamus O 'Brien , a courier for Michael Collins , who she later married in 1922 .	Sing
At eight years old , Nora saw her father speak at many socialist clubs in Glasgow , she thereafter became a devotee of socialist politics .	Sing
Conolly O 'Brien supported the Provisional IRA .	Sing
Mike Spille joined Manx as a developer along with the late Jeff Davis ( embedded systems ) .	Sing
I admired his uprightness , integrity , and ability . "	Sing
He " has advised sovereigns on the pursuit of kleptocratic predecessors . "	Plur
He joined the RAFVR in the spring of 193.6	Sing
Rereading the Kabbalah of the Feminine Shadow " with Ohad Ezrachi .	Sing
He wrote " Radical Kabbalah " , a two-volume work published by Integral Publishers in 2012 .	Sing
Unlabeled analyte in the sample will block the binding sites on the antibodies preventing uptake of the coloured particles .	Sing
Recent work has , for example , demonstrated capillary pumping with a constant flow rate independent from the liquid viscosity and surface energy .	Sing
The Gallerie dell 'Accademia of Venice also possesses an altarpiece by Lorenzo executed in 1371 .	Sing
( Other licences permitted the vivisection of conscious animals . )	Sing
Coleridge accused Bayliss in public of having broken the law .	Sing
15-year-old Max sets off for Saint-Hilare in search of his father , the famous troubadour Johnny Bigoude , who disappeared shortly before Max 's birth .	Sing
The circular set into motion a panic , and the public began hoarding specie .	Sing
The stranger then gave the midwife some ointment for the baby 's eyes .	Sing
< / br > HSV-2 can cause " asymptomatic shedding " and therefore spread undetected from person to person .	Sing
It publishes the journal " Florida Historical Quarterly " , originally the " Florida Historical Society Quarterly " .	Sing
These restrictions might require multiple wiring closets on each floor of a large building .	Plur
Slim asks Maisie to marry him , and she gleefully accepts .	Sing
Sybil privately confronts Maisie about Ray .	Sing
The death is ruled a homicide , and Slim is accused of the crime .	Sing
His surname is sometimes spelled " Rehman " .	Sing
Flowers have a hypanthium to around 3mm wide .	Sing
Flowers typically contain 10 pistils each .	Plur
He produced writer-director Scott Dacko 's " The Insurgents " in 2007 , which won the German Independence Award at the Oldenburg Film Festival .	Plur
results in a Non-Newtonian fluid solution , can reduce the skin frictional drag on a stationary	Sing
The SF & SJ constructed a small , open-air , two story station .	Sing
The village faces Streatley , which has a lower population and a large riverside hotel , across the Thames .	Sing
Nelonen , in Finnish , means the glyph of the number four .	Sing
He befriended Niels Henrik Abel and published seven of Abel 's papers in the first volume of his journal .	Sing
He then rejoined Hamburger SV as reserves coach in 1993 and became manager Benno Möhlmann 's assistant soon after .	Sing
He led Luneng throughout the 2017 Chinese Super League , finishing 6th , but left the club shortly after the end of the season .	Sing
In 1954 , Magath 's father abandoned Magath and his mother to return to his homeland .	Sing
Loop diuretics also inhibits NKCC2 at macula densa , reducing sodium transported into macula densa cells .	Plur
Loop diuretics also inhibits magnesium and calcium reabsorption in the thick ascending limb .	Plur
This causes the magnesium and calcium ions to be repelled from luminal side to interstitial side , promoting their absorption .	Sing
By disrupting the reabsorption of these ions , loop diuretics prevent the generation of a hypertonic renal medulla .	Plur
Loop diuretics cause a decrease in the renal blood flow by this mechanism .	Plur
Slayton had also assigned Bassett as Command Module Pilot for the second backup Apollo crew , alongside Frank Borman and William Anders .	Sing
Dublin Zoo manages the EEP for the golden lion tamarin and the Moluccan cockatoo .	Sing
Dublin Zoo holds the European studbook for Moluccan cockatoos .	Sing
The second generation Superb used the B6 A6 / PQ46 and was introduced in 2008 .	Sing
In 2005 , Shanghai Volkswagen imported the Superb B5 , rebadging it as the Volkswagen Passat Lingyu .	Sing
In April 2013 , Škoda unveiled a facelifted Superb in Shanghai .	Sing
The SR designs built by BR included 50 Bulleid Pacifics .	Plur
The ' Clan ' Project is constructing a new-build 6MT 4-6-2 , to be numbered No.72010 .	Sing
In addition , several isoglosses do group Northern and Southern Amami together .	Sing
The rest of the main island speaks Northern Amami Ōshima .	Sing
( 1984 ) subdivide Southern Amami Ōshima into	Sing
According to legend , St Oswin appeared in a vision to Edmund , a novice , who was living there as a hermit .	Sing
These include a guardroom and the main armoury , where visitors can see how munitions were safely handled and protected .	Sing
( Most Miyako variants do distinguish voicing . )	Sing
The Yonaguni language exhibits intervocalic voicing of plosives , as do many Japonic languages .	Sing
He married Lindy Murchison the same year , after meeting her in 1968 .	Sing
Shortly before 8 : 00 pm , Lindy Chamberlain put Azaria to bed in their tent and returned to the campfire .	Sing
He later attributed his perseverance in studying for the degree during this difficult period as motivated by anger towards the Northern Territory government .	Sing
Three years later , Chamberlain married Ingrid Bergner and in 1996 they had a daughter named Zahra .	Sing
Indeed , the album 's lyrics maintain P.O.D .	Plur
Tour mates included Blindside , Lacuna Coil , and New Found Glory .	Sing
Other notable Straight artists included Tim Buckley , and the duo of Judy Henske & Jerry Yester .	Sing
It has four Dartmoor longhouses , many with a central drainage channel , and several smaller houses and barns .	Plur
During the period of Ja 'far , the Abbasid Caliphate replaced the Umayyads and began to aggressively oppose belief in an Imamate .	Plur
The 11th Imam , Abdullah al-Mahdi Billah , founded the Fatimid Caliphate in 909 CE in Ifriqiya ( present Tunisia ) , ending the occultation .	Sing
In Ismāʿīlī eyes this act again united the Imamate and the Caliphate in one person .	Sing
Dā 'ī Zoeb appointed Maulai Yaqoob ( after the death of Maulai Abdullah ) , who was the second Walī al-Hind of the Fatimid dawat .	Sing
Taking a pinch of salt before and after a meal and buying ‘ live ’ fish for cooking are two typical features of Bohra culinary practice .	Sing
At community feasts , they have desserts or meethas first and starters or khaaras next , followed by the main meal .	Plur
Thousands of Dawoodi Bohra visit every year mausoleums of " Ahl al-Bayt " especially in Medina , Karbala , Shaam and Cairo .	Plur
On 8 July 2007 , Mohammad Burhanuddin inaugurated a new masjid in Paris , France .	Sing
As a born fighter , Takahashi Kenshi wandered Earthrealm in search of worthy competition .	Sing
However , the sword , which actually did exist , attracted Kenshi and spoke to him , leading him from the tomb and revealing its origin .	Sing
Mavado confronted Kenshi , defeated the swordsman , and left him to die .	Sing
In " , " Sub-Zero found the dying Kenshi and nursed him back to health .	Sing
Song reveals himself to be Shang Tsung and leaves Kenshi to die .	Sing
His private life later led Theophilus into bad reputation and scandal .	Sing
They rank 68th ( out of 79 ) in Stanley Coren 's " The Intelligence of Dogs " , being of fair working-obedience intelligence .	Sing
These dogs require early socialization with dogs and other people as puppies and throughout their lives .	Sing
Recent research has shown the Lhasa as one of the breeds most closely related to the ancestral wolf .	Sing
In August 2011 , seventeen dogs from the Gompa Lhasa Apso Preservation Program entered the American Kennel Club ( AKC ) studbook .	Sing
The IdP may use a username and password , or some other form of authentication , including multi-factor authentication .	Sing
In 1936 King George VI commissioned Maufe to conduct various alterations to the Royal Chapel of All Saints in Windsor Great Park .	Sing
Julie visits Ishmael as often as she can and notices a young man sometimes leaving Ishmael 's office .	Sing
In his letter listing the vessels , Warren particularly thanked Keats for his efforts .	Plur
The British captured " Étoile " , which was under the command of " lieutenant de vaisseau " Mathurin-Théodore Berthelin .	Sing
On 29 March " Galatea " recaptured the ship " Fortitude " .	Sing
Then on 6 November she captured the 14-gun " Venturier " , the former .	Sing
On 3 January 1801 , " Galatea " escorted the " Hibernia " into Plymouth from Belfast .	Sing
On 21 April 1801 " Galatea " recaptured the " Kenyon " .	Sing
recaptured " Kenyon " and the three other prizes , which the French again captured .	Sing
Here she not only endured fifteen severe gales , but on 1 and 2 November she nearly foundered .	Plur
Furthermore , when the mizzen mast went it took one seaman to go overboard with it and severely injured others .	Sing
When the winds died down on 3 November , Byng sailed " Galatea " for Cork .	Sing
" Galatea " sent " Shipley " into Barbados .	Sing
The Patriotic Society awarded Coombe and several of the other British officers swords worth 50 guineas , but Coombe did not live to receive it .	Sing
In 2006 , Gioia created Poetry Out Loud , a national poetry recitation contest for students .	Sing
In his speech Gioia discussed the low esteem in which American society holds its artists .	Sing
On May 17 , 2007 with Free FM hot talk format failing on 106.9 KIFR CBS relaunched KFRC with a rock leaning classic hits format on 106.9 .	Sing
Mandarić appointed Velimir Zajec as executive director , a move which caused tension between Redknapp and Mandarić .	Sing
Moles have no pinnae so they are thought to hear at low frequencies .	Sing
It does have a chondrified precursor and it assists the tendon in transmitting force .	Sing
Eventually , as a psychiatrist , he headed the provincial Asylum for the Insane in London , Ontario .	Sing
Before releasing her first solo music she featured as a guest vocalist on the Jo PD single " Fever " , also appearing in the music video .	Sing
Charles had already dissolved three Parliaments by the third year of his reign in 1628 .	Plur
The Soviets used Irapuato , Guanajuato as their training ground in the World Cup .	Sing
She has also written for the soap opera " Crossroads " .	Plur
Like " Renegade " , each character has a catch-phrase said by them in digitized voice , but spoken in Japanese .	Sing
In 2003 , he played Barnaby in the Boxing Day episode of " French & Saunders " .	Sing
The band also played the Download 2007 , Glastonbury 2007 , Reading and Leeds Festival and T in the Park for a record seventh time .	Sing
The Colombian House of Representatives acquitted Samper with a vote of 111 to 43 , precluding the process .	Sing
The results of the first electoral round showed Ernesto Samper winning with a slight 0.32 % lead over Andrés Pastrana .	Sing
The prosecutor also charged Samper , who insisted on his innocence .	Sing
For a detailed timeline of the events regarding this investigation , see Procedure 8.000 .	Sing
Oldřich Nejedlý won the Golden Shoe with five goals in the tournament .	Sing
In September 2008 , Rebellion acquired Mongoose Publishing , who had previously published games like " The Judge Dredd Roleplaying Game " .	Sing
This permitted the navigator to set the shadow vane to the date and the instrument would read the altitude directly .	Sing
It also produced newsreels and short documentaries , depicting celebrations and colonial achievements to domestic and overseas audiences .	Plur
In 2009 , Unesco rated Nollywood as the second-biggest film industry in the world after Indian cinema in terms of output .	Sing
Jean Rouch , a champion of indigenous art in Niger , compared Nollywood to AIDS .	Sing
However , team officials informed Plimpton at halftime that NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle would not allow him to play under any circumstance .	Sing
The stars all have a ring suspender that passes through an eyelet formed above the uppermost point of the star .	Sing
A circlet , the top of which is covered by the crown , surrounds the cypher and is inscribed " THE AFRICA STAR " .	Sing
Vampires keep the Beast in check with the memories and behaviors of mortal life , collectively referred to as a vampire 's Humanity .	Sing
In 2001 and 2002 Verås Larsen won the K2 marathon World Championships together with his companion Nils Olav Fjeldheim .	Sing
In 2011 he married Mira Verås Larsen , who also competed as a kayaker in the 2012 Olympics .	Sing
The company also manufactures apparel , bags , accessories , hats , shirts , and posters .	Sing
They signed former major league pitcher Glenn Mickens and catcher Ron Bottler for the 1959 season .	Plur
It stars Christian Slater as Winston Churchill , and Neve Campbell as Elizabeth II .	Sing
Her works are both figurative and abstract .	Sing
In 1816 , Will purchased some kettles and began to manufacture salt from a spring near his farm , but the venture was unsuccessful .	Plur
Will married Susanah Kimmel in 1804 .	Sing
The Netherlands has entered one triathlete to compete at the Olympics .	Sing
Results showed a narrowing of attention following these type of pictures .	Sing
From this base he painted the Berkshires , and made expeditions to Maryland and West Virginia .	Plur
His leading ladies included Colleen Moore , Esther Ralston , Laura La Plante , Billie Dove and Clara Bow .	Sing
Dickey had seen Mix perform with the Miller Brothers 101 Ranch Wild West Show and asked him if he would be interested in appearing in films .	Sing
During his time with this unit Duncan persuaded Mix to write some of the scenarios .	Sing
In 1797 , Clarksville was the last base Andrew Ellicott used to survey the 31st latitude .	Sing
In 1937 she married Joachim Barckhausen , a writer and editor ; their daughter Christiane Barckhausen , born in 1942 , also became a writer .	Sing
The stream does not require any additional alkalinity to be restored to the satisfaction of the East Branch Fishing Creek Restoration Plan .	Sing
The crankcase has a breather on the oil filling cap .	Sing
At the end of the event , outgoing titleholder Migbelis Castellanos crowned Mariana Jimenez of Guárico as her successor .	Sing
Izquierdo joined Once Caldas in 2013 from Deportivo Pereira , and moved to Club Brugge one year later .	Sing
In February 2013 , Takun J released a solemn ode titled " A Song for Hawa " .	Sing
He told Mae Azango that the song narrates the story of a girl named Hawa who was raped by her uncle following the death of her mother .	Sing
Takun J has cited Tupac Shakur , Bob Marley and Akon as his key musical influences .	Sing
Gastón Gaudio defeated Fernando Verdasco 2 – 6 , 6 – 2 , 6 – 4 , 6 – 4	Sing
Leoš Friedl / Andrei Pavel defeated Christophe Rochus / Olivier Rochus 6 – 2 , 6 – 7 , 6 – 0	Sing
On October 21 , 2014 , the Quick Lane Bowl announced a secondary tie-in with the MAC .	Sing
The inaugural Quick Lane Bowl , played in December 2014 , featured Rutgers of the Big Ten and North Carolina of the ACC .	Plur
It willingly signed the Washington Accord , surrendering all war time territorial gains .	Sing
In July 1777 , he crossed Lake Champlain under General John Burgoyne , and was appointed commissary of horse by Major-General William Phillips .	Sing
In his first bout , he defeated Hassan Mraba Mzonge of Tanzania , but lost his quarterfinal contest to Jean Pascal of Canada .	Sing
Verma upstated the Danish stalwart 21 – 19 , 24 – 22 in an exciting match .	Sing
His offer helped Ohno try to play the trumpet again .	Sing
It stars Rajkumar in dual roles with Jayanthi and Bharathi in the lead roles .	Sing
In August 2007 , Macron was appointed deputy rapporteur for Jacques Attali 's " Commission to Unleash French Growth " .	Sing
His share of the fees on this € 9 billion deal made Macron a millionaire .	Sing
Macron met François Hollande through Jean-Pierre Jouyet in 2006 and joined his staff in 2010 .	Sing
Shortly after announcing his run , Jean-Christophe Cambadélis and Manuel Valls both asked Macron to run in the Socialist Party presidential primary though Macron ultimately refused .	Sing
President François Hollande also endorsed Macron .	Sing
On 15 May , he appointed Édouard Philippe of the Republicans as Prime Minister .	Sing
In his speech condemning the historical collaboration of France with the Nazis , Macron also termed anti-Zionism as a new form of antisemitism .	Sing
As President of France , Macron also serves " ex officio " as one of the two Co-Princes of Andorra .	Sing
Hermand also let Macron use some of his offices on the Avenue des Champs Élysées in Paris for his movement En marche .	Sing
It stars Rajkumar in dual roles with Bharathi and Dinesh in other lead roles .	Sing
At the university , he met other YouTubers , such as " Jack Howard " .	Plur
The YouTuber uploaded weekly vlogs to the channel dubbed as " Last Week " .	Plur
Band Midnight Red made a mashup of Jealous with Ariana Grande 's Love Me Harder .	Sing
12735 Secunderabad Yesvantpur Garib Rath Express leaves Secunderabad Junction every Tuesday , Thursday & Sunday arriving Yesvantpur Junction the next day .	Sing
Narayana 's family pleads Gagan to save them and their daughter-in-law .	Sing
She sees Gagan , who says he cannot come along .	Sing
He takes Sweety along with him , and Narayana feels that his pride has once again been damaged .	Sing
He later left Široki before appearing in a game for them .	Sing
Bungartz founded the Hamburger Verein zur Förderung reiner Hunderassen , the Hamburg society for the promotion of pure-bred dogs , in the 1880s .	Sing
On 1 September , Anorthosis faced Omonia Nicosia in GSP Stadium .	Sing
On 22 September , Anorthosis faced Ermis Aradippou in Dasaki Stadium .	Sing
On 27 September , Anorthosis faced Ayia Napa in Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium .	Sing
After 5 year , in 2012 , the Government of Kerala reconstituted KDA along with Kozhikode and Thrissur development authorities .	Sing
It stars Rajkumar , Udaya Chandrika and Renuka in the lead roles .	Sing
Ireland qualified two modern pentathletes for the following events at the Games .	Plur
It stars Rajkumar along with Jayanthi , Kalpana and Rajesh in other lead roles .	Sing
Around 85 AD the Romans occupied the Swabian Jura and there were some farms or " mansiones " in the area .	Sing
At this point he dropped his Jewish forename , in favour of the Christian name Stanislaus .	Sing
Despite his apostate standing , Hoga defended Hasidism against state investigation in 1824 .	Sing
On 3 August 1824 Hoga defended Hasidism in a public disputation .	Sing
Moses Margoliouth then followed Hoga with public criticism of the LSPCJ and Anglicans .	Sing
Mooney was awarded a B.D .	Sing
He joins the gypsies and travels with them as a commoner .	Plur
In July 1954 , Bucaille met Connolly in the finals at the Irish Championships in Dublin , and again Connolly won in straight sets .	Sing
It entitles the bearer to carry the post-nominals SCN .	Sing
Bülbül Hatun married Bayezid when he was still a prince and the governor of Amasya .	Sing
In the same letter Stavsky condemned Valentin Katayev and Iosif Prut for " defending Mandelshtam violently . "	Sing
These include Caetano Veloso , Gilberto Gil and Torquato Neto .	Sing
Seghers was ranked joint No.1 in France in 1950 .	Sing
Conrad converted " Badger " to a tourist passenger cruise ship and automobile carrier from a railroad carferry at a cost of $ 1.5 million .	Sing
SS " Badger " was named Ship of the Year by the Steamship Historical Society of America in 2002 .	Sing
In 1963 H. E. Bell and R. L. Ollard edited Ogg 's " festschrift " and said of Ogg :	Sing
According to Luker , Through Rybnikov 's talk of the war Kuprin reveals the incompetence of the Russian army in the field .	Sing
A book and exhibition followed : " Thelonious Monk Architecte " ( 2001 ) .	Sing
The mini-series showed Voltron existing as a single construct created by sorcerers and scientists , resembling a knight .	Sing
Protracted poaching led to serious depletion of all larger mammal populations prior to 2011 .	Sing
Local Haligonians had found these Doukhobors quite special in their enlightenment and enjoyed the churek that the women baked in the cookhouse .	Plur
He succeeded Josef Frings as Archbishop of Cologne on 24 February of that same year .	Plur
" Ever ( Love Spirals Downwards album )	Plur
In the Republican primary , Corker faced two former congressmen , Ed Bryant and Van Hilleary .	Plur
From late October to mid December 2006 , the band supported The All-American Rejects on their Tournado 2006 tour .	Plur
Ascent is not advised while snow persists on the route .	Plur
Unbolting the bonnets from the housing allows BOP maintenance and facilitates the substitution of rams .	Plur
Back in the UK , they continued with their plagiaristic productions , which culminated with a second LP , " Who Killed The JAMs ? " .	Plur
" Burn the Bastards " was released by KLF Communications for a UK audience .	Plur
To add to the confusions , some historians have even denounced these colophons as later additions and untrustworthy as historical documents .	Plur
Two phalanges also preserve pathologies .	Plur
Phelps recounts surviving the shooting , naming Kittridge as the mole .	Plur
Meanwhile , the Thirty Years ' War brings more calamities .	Plur
They pushed the Limes further to the east around 150 and controlled the region until 260 , when the Alamanni occupied the Neckarland .	Plur
Withdrawal symptoms from benzodiazepines in the neonate may include hypotonia , apnoeic spells , cyanosis and impaired metabolic responses to cold stress .	Plur
Probably in July or August of 251 , the Roman army engaged the Scythians under Cniva near Abritus .	Plur
The 3050 / 3050A / 3510 / 3520 include touchscreen LCDs .	Plur
While at Gangmau , the Koch king Viswa Singha attacked the Ahoms .	Plur
Side effects associated with famotidine use include hemorrhoids , collenitous [ headache , dizziness , and constipation or diarrhea .	Plur
The Chancellorsville campaign ( April 30 to May 6 , 1863 ) created some emergencies in and around Richmond .	Plur
In recent years , some question has arisen regarding the association of this flag with Hart 's Battery .	Plur
US Army General : Bomb the Bastards !	Plur
Some people keep these geckos in glass terrariums as pets even though they move very fast and do not like to be held .	Plur
In 1983 he received an Outstanding Young Persons of the World Meritorious Award in the field of Law in the Philippines ( TOYP ) .	Plur
Program lifecycle phases are the stages a computer program undergoes , from initial creation to deployment and execution .	Plur
In 2012 , the campaign released several national radio Public Service Announcements about how to stay safe around open water during summer months .	Plur
WisdomTree launched its first ETFs in June 2006 , and is currently the industry ’ s fifth largest ETF provider in the United States .	Plur
WisdomTree sponsors 92 distinct ETFs that span asset classes and countries around the world .	Plur
For approved projects , the committee suggests mentors from the local biotechnology community .	Plur
Sultan Mahmut II sent Rupen Manas to Paris for training in art .	Plur
Sobieski also produces four flavoured vodkas made from fruit juice : Raspberry , Lemon , Orange , and Vanilla .	Plur
She does not even refuse matings with close relatives , such as brothers .	Plur
As a rule , L wagons do not have stanchions .	Plur
Such limits may include exclusions from areas of great value to salmon such as ideal spawning grounds or places where young fish may be vulnerable .	Plur
The earliest hatcheries were simply egg-incubating that released small fry into the streams .	Plur
Regional storytelling festivals bring tellers of a certain state or region together for entertaining , telling and education in the art .	Plur
In addition to causing hepatitis , infection with HBV can lead to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma .	Plur
In 1971 , McVey married Esther Geddes .	Plur
It contains the varietas " Blepephaeus stigmosus var .	Plur
This displaced Maasai pastoralists and wildlife from the best rangelands into more marginal areas .	Plur
She also starred in the film " Hooks and Feelers " , which was an adaptation of a Keri Hulme story .	Plur
Be Wiser has 280 Apprentices and is one of the UK 's Top 100 Apprenticeship Providers .	Plur
The consequence of his actions led McNichols to be reclassified as 1A thus becoming eligible for the draft .	Plur
Truex 's car failed post-race LIS ( Laser Inspection Station ) after the race .	Plur
Sesame Street Stays Up Late !	Plur
The Nationals also lost first base coach Davey Lopes during the Cubs series , as he was granted leave from the team due to a family emergency .	Plur
Bill and Mae opened the very first Tudors on Washington Street in Charleston , WV in 1980 .	Plur
He " assembled the Abkhazians and Gurians and began the raids , devastation and capturing of Imereti " .	Plur
In some areas , children cross several hinders such as rivers , bridges and mountainous terrain to reach their school .	Plur
In 2005 , Nocentini was awarded the $ 10,000 Sir John Sulman Prize for his painting " My Son Has Two Mothers " .	Plur
Gilbert wrote six one-act musical entertainments for the German Reeds between 1869 and 1875 .	Plur
This includes Docklands ( with Docklands Stadium ) , Southbank , South Wharf and East Melbourne / Jolimont ( with the Melbourne Cricket Ground ) .	Plur
Watterston gave the collection 's books bookplates and labels and kept them organized according to Jefferson 's basic classification scheme .	Plur
By contrast , the Supreme Court found truckers who owned their own trucks , and provided services to a carrier company , were independent contractors .	Plur
Some statutes also make specific exclusions that reflect the common law , such as for independent contractors , and others make additional exceptions .	Plur
The first reported case , " Commonwealth v Pullis " in 1806 did find shoemakers in Philadelphia guilty of " a combination to raise their wages " .	Plur
It has the ICS Coordinates : 200805-1252830 ; ca .	Plur
The Church of England could demand tithes and other ecclesiastical benefits even though most of the population of Wales were Nonconformists .	Plur
She then formed all-woman band Cassandra 's Ears , moving back to Auckland and going solo in the early 90s .	Plur
He has also appeared on " You 're a Star " , " Popstars " and " " .	Plur
Instead , this group introduced Type A belly amphoras , which then became an index form .	Plur
The Antimenes Painter ( 530 – 500 BC ) liked to decorate hydria with animal friezes in the predella , and otherwise especially neck amphoras .	Plur
Except for one oinochoe they produced only neck amphoras , which were usually decorated with animals and riders .	Plur
This concept of environment includes interspecies and ecological effects .	Plur
In addition to a number of rocky knolls , the summit ridge also carries numerous small tarns .	Plur
Pain at the midpoint between the anterior part of the medial joint line and tibial tuberosity is suggestive of Pes anserine bursitis ( inflammation of anserine bursa .	Plur
In 1911 , the Ottawa branch produced over 256,000 sovereigns .	Plur
Auxier holds that mythic consciousness endures as human culture is increasingly refined and is never far from the basis of human thinking .	Plur
The principals and administrator received kickbacks of more than $ 900,000 .	Plur
On February 9 , 2012 , Emergency Financial Manager Roy Roberts announced the following school closings :	Plur
Lady Blossom then cleverly concealed the brass knuckles inside of her bra again and behave as if nothing ever happened .	Plur
GameSpot noted " " Metal Saga " has the makings of a good role-playing game , but there 's nothing to tie it all together . "	Plur
Laufenberg wrote and produced various other TV shows such as " Clueless , " " She Spies " and " Family Guy " .	Plur
The Faculty trains geologists and geophysicists in a variety of areas and specializations of geoscience to meet the industry ’ s needs .	Plur
He married Alis Rule Thoms in 1909 , and they had no children from their marriage .	Plur
The Eurominority.eu map ( the European Union ) Peoples of the World includes some diasporas and underrepresented / stateless ethnic groups .	Plur
The tune labelled " Fairmoye Lassies " is ( unsurprisingly ) actually " Fermoy Lasses " ( O 'Neill 573 ) .	Plur
After the Reformation in Ireland , Down and Connor had parallel episcopal successions .	Plur
Made from the " bambam " reed , this otherwise less-pliable mat compensates by having a natural slightly glossy finish .	Plur
A few reviewers noted tiny annoyances and that the game was predictable while others described the games imperfections as significant .	Plur
The standards describe padlocks and explain cycle tests , operational tests , environmental tests , forcing tests , and surreptitious entry tests .	Plur
On the evening of July 21 with a first quarter moon and a very clear sky , Trouvelot observed undulations in the comet 's tail .	Plur
Mercedes led the Constructors ' Standings on 506 points , 169 points ahead of Ferrari .	Plur
He successfully deceives Carstairs by making a telephone call and disguising his voice .	Plur
None of the patients experienced hypomania while on T .	Plur
In its skeleton-preserving actions , calcitonin protects against calcium loss from skeleton during periods of calcium mobilization , such as pregnancy and , especially , lactation .	Plur
Similar to other swallows , violet-green swallows are specialized aerial insectivores , catching and eating their prey while in flight .	Plur
At high electric fields , drift velocity saturates due to scattering from optical phonons .	Plur
The Melton Mustangs Hockey Club currently enters Seniors , Masters and Juniors in the Victorian state leagues .	Plur
Modeski appears in " The X-Files " episodes " Unusual Suspects " and " Three of a Kind " .	Plur
Since these events , Glacier Peak has produced several lahars .	Plur
The Kullback – Leibler divergence is defined only if for all formula _ 9 , formula _ 10 implies formula _ 11 ( absolute continuity ) .	Plur
He deals mostly with nature subjects , especially the natural environs of Saaremaa .	Plur
The college remained associated with Lancashire and Cheshire , with a particular preference for those from Prestbury and Prescot , the founders ' birthplaces .	Plur
It plans Health Service Support ( HSS ) operations and oversees logistical operations for the group ’ s units .	Plur
This includes weasels , ferrets , minks , otters , martens , red pandas , and skunks .	Plur
During his inquiring approach to Christianity with Massignon he had discussed the mystics Theresa of Avila and Francis of Assisi .	Plur
The publication also lists personal bankruptcies and sequestrations amongst other events .	Plur
NewtonTwo made several short-duration firings by early 2014 .	Plur
On 21 November 1935 , Pope Pius named 18 prelates he planned to make cardinals at a consistory on 16 December .	Plur
The Department hires 20-25 Class I Specials and 10-15 Class II Specials each summer .	Plur
The magazine 's layout has undergone several major " refreshes " and redesigns , most recently in 1995 , 2000 , 2007 and 2011 .	Plur
Falling debris traps Ralls inside the wreck , and he dies after the descending wreckage severs the hose supplying him with air .	Plur
The students may wear college or school sponsored t-shirts on Fridays .	Plur
The Traymore featured four faucets in every bathtub : hot and cold city water , hot and cold ocean water .	Plur
The gorgeous photography and the crystal clarity of the images make widescreen viewing a must . "	Plur
He won back-to-back runnings of the Arkansas Derby in 1994 ( with Concern ) and 1995 ( with Dazzling Falls ) .	Plur
The governor may also appoint Deputy Chairpersons .	Plur
The 25 member group includes two keyboardists , a harpist , and a 10-person choir .	Plur
Black-bellied seedcrackers also exhibit very distinctive colorations with bright patches of black and red , making them easy to identify in the field .	Plur
They streamlined the Superman mythos , by downsizing his abilities and reducing his normal powerful prowess .	Plur
The birds also vibrate their plume quills further accentuating their aposematism .	Plur
The G-protein coupled receptors for the PIP messenger system produces two effectors , phospholipase C ( PLC ) and phosphoinositide 3-kinase ( PI3K ) .	Plur
Leo alienated both the monarchists and the followers of Lamennais in declining to specify what form government should take .	Plur
In 2002 , Mankyboddle reformed The Sweets of Sin with Lang , now on guitar .	Plur
The next year , he had ten top-tens and finished fifteenth in points again .	Plur
He had five top-tens and finished seventeenth in points .	Plur
In 2003 , when Shins bass guitarist Neal Langford left the group , Hernandez re-joined the Shins as a bass guitarist .	Plur
Although they were successful commercially , torsion clocks remained poor timekeepers .	Plur
Cummins also won the Newcomers Race at the Ulster Grand Prix .	Plur
In 1996 wine critic Robert Parker tasted the 1994 Astralis and wrote in issue 110 of his newsletter :	Plur
He keeps the original Shades , and can supply those he has once taken with any number of Copies .	Plur
Unlike traditional surgery , LDR brachytherapy requires no incisions and is normally carried out as a day case procedure .	Plur
Besides amphorai and " hydria " i , he also painted kraters , bowls and lids .	Plur
She played chambermaid Kate Hargreaves in the six-part 1994 comedy " House Of Windsor " .	Plur
At school she was nicknamed " Tin Ribs " because she was so skinny .	Plur
During the " AXIS " storyline , Squid and his gang called the Tentacles commit a robbery and take a family hostage .	Plur
Despite having only ten men , the Brighton defence frustrated the Latics , holding on for a 1 – 1 draw .	Plur
Neither Duncan nor Wingate had taken the necessary oaths , so the magistrates closed it again shortly afterwards .	Plur
The new owners have brought back Clydesdales but they are not the " Budweiser Clydesdales . "	Plur
Transportation for each hitch requires three 50-foot semis .	Plur
Their best result was reaching the World Group Play-offs in 1998 and 2001 .	Plur
The chemical method uses herbicides diluted in water and sprayed on hack marks on the bark .	Plur
In the first trial , triclopyr ester could control " C. pubescens " with 77 % chance of the trees dying .	Plur
SchoolSports.com rated Betances as the tenth best high school prospect in 2006 .	Plur
The Yankees selected Betances in the eighth round of the draft and gave him a $ 1 million signing bonus to forgo his commitment to Vanderbilt .	Plur
After pitching to a 1.46 ERA with 63 strikeouts in innings as a relief pitcher with Scranton / Wilkes-Barre , the Yankees recalled Betances on August 11 .	Plur
The parents will also not eat the fry .	Plur
The winner of that particular rack collects the others ' wagers .	Plur
In early 1942 , Liguori Lacombe formed the anti-conscriptionist Parti canadien which finished strongly in two February by-elections .	Plur
The provincial social credit parties of Saskatchewan and Manitoba won some ridings in the 1950s and 1960s .	Plur
Archaeologically , many elements link Celtiberians with Celts in Central Europe , but also show large differences with both the Hallstatt culture and La Tène culture .	Plur
Strabo just saw the Celtiberians as a branch of the " Celti " .	Plur
In the features for " Jack Kirby 's Fourth World " , Byrne almost exclusively provided the pencils and text for the stories .	Plur
Conversely , in the animated series , Von Reichter 's creations carry glowing vials of Sustenance with them , which Cybersix drinks it .	Plur
When these birds are infected , the virus amplifies , potentially infecting multiple mosquitoes that feed on its blood .	Plur
( These figures do not include arbitrations , which the companies use in pursuing legal claims against their franchisees . )	Plur
Here he studied creep in more detail , and developed his ideas of prestressing , taking out a patent in 1928 .	Plur
Former Powderfinger member Bernard Fanning worked on his second solo album " Departures " during late 2012 in Los Angeles , with Joe Chiccarelli producing .	Plur
The region harvests blueberries and cranberries in season .	Plur
Some opposed the Dual Contracts as they thought that the company owners and city officials were just looking for another way to produce personal revenue .	Plur
As reformists predicted the Dual Contracts resulted in city expansion .	Plur
Later versions would have 254 scintillators so a two-dimensional image could be produced on a color monitor .	Plur
He zealously guarded human-rights regardless of finding himself isolated .	Plur
As consul in 310 BC , Fabius fought the Etruscans at Sutrium , then followed them when they fled into the Ciminian Forest and defeated them again .	Plur
As part of their uniform , they wore red woolen " Garibaldi Shirts " at least , all enlisted men did .	Plur
The latter included recreations of scenes and featured interviews with actual individuals who had been associated with the camp .	Plur
On June 22 , 2002 International Wrestling Superstars , Road Warriors Animal & Hawk defeated the Headshrinkers for the World Tag-Team Championship .	Plur
Those traps that catch other species of mosquitoes do not catch tiger mosquitoes efficiently .	Plur
These machines have two independent tuners within the same receiver .	Plur
Half of viewers in the United States , for example , use DVRs to skip commercials entirely .	Plur
In the 1970s , Koga Tatsushirō 's son Zenji Koga and Zenji 's wife Hanako sold four islets to the Kurihara family of Saitama Prefecture .	Plur
Former artists include ( due to parent label disputes ) Kelis .	Plur
The triumphant Umayyads got conditional capitulations probably in most of the towns , so that they could get a compromise with the native population .	Plur
Defeated , 40,000 Rohingyas eventually fled to Chittagong after repeated massacres by the Burmese and Japanese forces .	Plur
Irishmen make good Trade Unionists was part of the CA 's attempts to persuade the trade union movement to tackle issues of concern to the Irish community .	Plur
Notable members of the Connolly Association included C. Desmond Greaves ,	Plur
has its exaggerations , but they can sneak under the line as theatrical license . "	Plur
Prior to that , Tunisia had traditional Muslim-style viziers .	Plur
He recorded duos with a guitarist called " Jean Paul " Guvano " Vangu " , until 1972 .	Plur
Contemporary depictions of the 1768 Battle of Khorgos between the Qing Dynasty and the Western Mongolian Dzungars show the mounted Dzungars primarily armed with muskets .	Plur
Nicknamed " Purple Bearded Count " , he ranks 57th among the 108 Stars of Destiny and 21st among the 72 Earthly Fiends .	Plur
Nicknamed " Arrow-hit Tiger " , he ranks 79th among the 108 Stars of Destiny and 43rd among the 72 Earthly Fiends .	Plur
Thus SGI created the super-company " Alias | Wavefront " .	Plur
The Romans defeated the Brigantes in battle and built a fort alongside the hill fort .	Plur
He paid 12,000 thalers for his release on the condition that Heller resign the post of chief rabbi of Prague and leave the country .	Plur
Nicknamed " Jade Armed Craftsman " , he ranks 66th among the 108 Stars of Destiny and 30th among the 72 Earthly Fiends .	Plur
The Church Army has over 300 commissioned evangelists working in Anglican churches , projects , and teams in the United Kingdom and Ireland .	Plur
Balaji and Angre then jointly attacked the Muslim Siddis of Janjira .	Plur
Other Brazilian artists who recorded the song include Elza Soares and .	Plur
These qualities enable Ries to create the optical effects found within his work .	Plur
I hope this clears up any confusion . "	Plur
Stout faced Thiago Tavares on January 14 , 2012 at UFC 142 .	Plur
Stout faced KJ Noons in a welterweight bout on April 16 , 2014 at .	Plur
It interacts with the R-SMADS MH2 domain and forms heterodimers and heterotrimers .	Plur
Willem Ysbrandtszoon Bontekoe mentioned " ramiers " ( doves ) with blue wings in 1619 as being abundant ; apparently a species of " Alectroenas " .	Plur
When she returned to England , Braham briefly rejoined the German Reeds and was also performing in concerts .	Plur
Maharaja Ranjit Singh reconstructed the Gurdwaras earlier destroyed by the Moghuls and also raised many new ones at the sacred places connected with the Sikh Gurus .	Plur
He married Alice Dodds in 1902 and married Florence DuBois in July 1930 .	Plur
These sailors encouraged the Hondurans to learn the game , and play along with them .	Plur
Two damaged busts on the pilasters flanking the central niche possibly depict the divinities Aita and Persipnei .	Plur
The folded material on top of this chest might depict linen used for writing , such as religious texts or family records .	Plur
The building has dual entryways — one from the side of Valdecarzana Palace on San Juan Street and the other from Porlier Square .	Plur
Sandpipers are long-legged mostly long-billed shorebirds .	Plur
General Maurice Challe , responsible for the army in Algeria , declared Algiers under siege , but forbade the troops to fire on the insurgents .	Plur
Starfighters Inc , a civilian demonstration team in Florida , operates three ex-Canadian Military CF-104 Starfighters ( 1 CF-104D and 2 CF-104s ) .	Plur
Its unique and characteristic coin , the " cyzicenus " , was worth 28 drachmae .	Plur
This victory so heartened the Thebans that they undertook operations against other neighboring cities as well .	Plur
Irate , Agesilaus struck the Thebans from the document .	Plur
Epaminondas freed the helots of Messenia , and rebuilt the ancient city of Messene on Mount Ithome , with fortifications that were among the strongest in Greece .	Plur
In 369 BC the Argives , Eleans and the Arcadians , eager to continue their war against Sparta , recalled the Thebans to their support .	Plur
He finally outmanoeuvred the Thessalians , and secured the release of the two Theban ambassadors without a fight .	Plur
During puberty , estrogen causes the hymen to change in appearance and become very elastic .	Plur
Some women undergo hymenorrhaphy to restore their hymen for this reason .	Plur
A Greek proverb , employed of those who pestered for continued favors , ran " Out of doors , Keres !	Plur
In the " Iliad " , Homer characterizes the Pelasgians as brave fighters .	Plur
Because of their beauty , the twins Castor and Pollux who were inflamed with love , carried off the maidens .	Plur
Richard Gasquet defeated Marcos Baghdatis , 7 – 5 , 6 – 2	Plur
The new system , dubbed the " Xerox 6085 PCS " , was released in 1985 .	Plur
Later in 2012 , General Mills introduced " Lucky Charms Marshmallow Treats . "	Plur
From the original four marshmallows , the permanent roster as of 2013 includes eight marshmallows .	Plur
In early June 2006 , General Mills introduced Magic Mirror marshmallows .	Plur
In 1981 , Smith played the goddess Thetis in " Clash of the Titans " .	Plur
In Northern Ireland , the company White 's has been milling oats in Tandragee since 1841 .	Plur
To remedy the company 's ills , Rust recruited former George Mason Bank CEO Bernard H. Clineburg to run Cardinal Financial in the summer of 2001 .	Plur
Heritage Park houses sophomores , juniors and seniors and specializes in credit recovery .	Plur
Its thirteen gold stars represent the original Thirteen Colonies , while the shield 's contour derives from the Philadelphia coat of arms .	Plur
Other religious groups included Zoroastrians and small numbers of Jews and Baha 'is .	Plur
Recently , some Armenian immigrants have settled Paphos .	Plur
His research interests include the epidemiology of asbestos induced cancers and the epidemiology of breast and cervical cancers .	Plur
Rain pours through floors and rots ceilings .	Plur
The tribe contains the creepers , the extinct akialoas , amakihi , and extinct nukupu 'us .	Plur
He also attracted freethinkers and London wits to his Old Jewry meetings and was respected - though disliked - by the orthodox Congregationalist Philip Doddridge of Northampton .	Plur
Hallsworth formed The Healers , Wild Palms , Zuvuya , Outstation and Tangled Star .	Plur
It was given the name Priest Rapids by Alexander Ross of the Pacific Fur Company in 1811 .	Plur
A former part of Windsor Forest it does not have dual carriageways ; part of the high street of Ascot is briefly dualled to one side .	Plur
Another Coupe des Dames in the 1954 Tulip rally of Holland included outright victory in a 10-lap race around the Zandvoort circuit .	Plur
Danser divided the genus " Nepenthes " into six clades based on observations of herbarium material .	Plur
Since the real ArmaLite M16A2 is made for civilians , it only shoots semi .	Plur
Wave To Make Friends is the first full-length album from American indie rock band The Comas .	Plur
Therefore , " para ti " " for you " becomes " para vos " , etc .	Plur
The preposition-pronoun compound " contigo " " with you " becomes " con vos " . < br >	Plur
This album contains b-sides from singles and other non-album tracks .	Plur
Bonseu joined the Pittsburgh Riverhounds of the A-League in 1999 and played there for two seasons , before signing with the Major League Soccer 's Chicago Fire .	Plur
The IBAF comprises five continental confederations that currently represent a total of 127 national member federations .	Plur
In 1922 , he published " The Fives " , co-written with brother Hersal , and inspired by a train traveling between Chicago and San Francisco .	Plur
Absalom is destroying David 's last footholds , filling his treasury , funding his rebellion , and securing his own position .	Plur
The municipality contains the Campos do Jordão State Park , created in 1941 .	Plur
It contains the Mananciais de Campos do Jordão State Park , created in 1993 to protect the water supply of the municipal seat .	Plur
It also contains the Campos do Jordão Environmental Protection Area , created in 1984 .	Plur
The Forerunners overthrew the Precursors ; on the verge of extinction , some Precursors reduced themselves to a biological powder that would regenerate into their past selves .	Plur
Potassium iodide has the chemical formula KI .	Plur
Health Canada classifies VOCs as organic compounds that have boiling points roughly in the range of .	Plur
EPA regulates VOCs in the air , water , and land .	Plur
In addition to new buildings , many consumer products emit VOCs , therefore the total concentration of VOC levels is much greater within the indoor environment .	Plur
But his success really began with a three-acts opera : " The Heretics " , a lyrical tragedy on a poem by Ferdinand Hérold .	Plur
When a SAP is cross-linked with polymerization , the product is water retaining hydrogels that act as a reservoir of collected water in soil .	Plur
The Gai-As Formation has provided fossil bivalves and an indeterminate stereospondylid .	Plur
Written by industry veteran Mark Farmer , it identified key failings in the British construction industry .	Plur
It comprises medical handbooks containing recipes or therapeutic advice , but the term can also be used of orally transmitted medical knowledge .	Plur
Other parts of the Precambrian complex have widely distributed granitoids which in some cases have merged with surrounding gneiss .	Plur
In the Serbo-Macedonian Massif , rocks also reach greenschist facies and exhibit Barrovian-type metamorphism .	Plur
In 2008 Jalet premiered Three Spells with dancer Alexandra Gilbert and composer Christian Fennesz for the Tokyo International Arts Festival .	Plur
Due in part to anhydrite beds , the Rus Formation has salty brines at its base overlain by the freshwater Zone C aquifer .	Plur
In mid-1999 , Primakov and Luzhkov were considered the frontrunners for the presidency .	Plur
Amir Hamza raided Baku environs and returned to Kaitag within a year .	Plur
In 1969 , together with Anthony Rhodes , he translated " Tapestries " by Mercedes Viale Ferrero .	Plur
The short movie describes the possible aftermaths due to the release of an augmented reality game , which awards its users with Bitcoin prizes .	Plur
The Massey family held numerous fetes on the grounds of Cuffern to raise money for the district nurses fund .	Plur
The SpaceX next-generation launch vehicle design combines several elements that , according to Musk , will make long-duration , beyond Earth orbit ( BEO ) spaceflights possible .	Plur
Some Tempita Viharas have narrow verandas circulating the main enclosed space .	Plur
This resentment also motivated Shays ' Rebellion , an armed uprising that had emerged that summer .	Plur
features fully voiced cut-scenes during the game performed by the cast of the " TwinBee Paradise " radio drama .	Plur
Salem Communications hired Boyles as its new morning host on News / Talk 710 KNUS as of Monday , July 1 for a 6AM-9AM time slot .	Plur
Some of the cities had life-forms hostile to each other or to all other life .	Plur
Polydextus then tells Helios how important his heritage is , and he has done great wrong by denying it when pushed by a bully .	Plur
He then whips Helios to both punish him and teach him to deal with pain . < BR >	Plur
He has not officially acknowledged Helios as his son , but would like him to work at the palace as stable boy . < BR >	Plur
Paris insults Helios , causing him to leap at him in anger .	Plur
She then tells Helios that she does not know what she will say whenever she makes a prediction .	Plur
She tells Helios that it was her that requested Helios be taught how to write .	Plur
For example , human embryonic cells contain 5-10 million ribosomes and double in number within 24 hours .	Plur
In the 18th and 19th centuries , map makers recorded Gaelic placenames in Anglicised versions .	Plur
See also Executions during the Irish Civil War .	Plur
Additionally , Viktor & Rolf created perfumes : the female fragrance Flowerbomb ( 2004 ) and the male fragrance Antidote ( 2006 ) .	Plur
The aft one contained the accumulators and machinery .	Plur
On December 22 , 1943 , James Fee married Alice Emma Tomkins .	Plur
The 24 folio volume is entitled : " Sketches of the Shevaroy Hills by Lieut-Col . Douglas Hamilton , Madras army .	Plur
Players in the victory role are then awarded some gold nuggets .	Plur
Opponents of Lincoln 's maneuvers saw the blockades as pure piracy since there had been no official call for war .	Plur
However , with 2015 's " The Plague Within " , the band reincorporated low growls in some songs .	Plur
In 1970 , Rama Rau married Gurdon B. Wattles , and had no children .	Plur
North of the station , the tunnel turns off-street , paralleling Yonge Street to the east .	Plur
The amine-terminated polymer resins do not have any intentional hydroxyl moieties .	Plur
In addition , some countries have state ensigns , separate flags for use by non-military government ships such as guard vessels .	Plur
Coffee enemas " can cause colitis ( inflammation of the bowel ) , fluid and electrolyte imbalances , and in some cases septicemia " .	Plur
The dedicated monks at the abbey create " elixirs " known throughout the world .	Plur
In June 1854 , the Austrian Empire occupied both Principalities , preventing Russia from maintaining a presence in the Balkans .	Plur
During the Bosnian War ( 1992 – 95 ) , JNA and Serb paramilitary dispersed the Bosniaks from Selačka .	Plur
Ain Mäeots married Kristal Luts in 2004 .	Plur
Chinese Christians have attributed miraculous healings to those singing the hymns .	Plur
Saxena then started working on his novel " Finders , Keepers " which was launched in January 2015 at Bhubaneshwar .	Plur
Far from the village , he found three Pawnees , killed and mutilated .	Plur
He received obituaries in the " Transactions of the Oriental Ceramic Society " , " The Burlington Magazine for Connoisseurs " , and " The Times " .	Plur
Lead white paint dries relatively quickly to form a strong , flexible paint film .	Plur
Lucien Febvre and Fernand Braudel were members of the École des Annales , the dominant school of historical analysis in France during the interwar period .	Plur
It obtains aptamers in a few rounds of selection .	Plur
Many contract companies develop aptamers and aptabodies to replace antibodies in research , diagnostic platforms , drug discovery , and therapeutics .	Plur
The investigator then uses those aptamers as baits , for example in yeast two-hybrid screens to identify the cellular proteins targeted by those aptamers .	Plur
This can deprive the cranberries of some natural nutrients that would be contained in fresh cranberries .	Plur
She screened LSTs in their approach to Pitoe Bay and then served on picket duty until departing for Humboldt Bay on 21 September .	Plur
It severely crippled the Five Families by permanently imprisoning several of their top leaders .	Plur
Here grass cover thins out , and trees become fewer and more isolated , and stunted shrubs become more prevalent .	Plur
They outnumber their pastoral brethren , and they have over many years intermarried with their Sudanese neighbours , whom they now resemble .	Plur
Guider and Touboro also have cotton gins .	Plur
Non-compliant semi-armor-piercing and armor-piercing rounds have steel penetrators or steel cores that will be attracted by a magnet .	Plur
The Committee of the State Duma appointed 24 commissars to head various state ministries replacing the Imperial Government .	Plur
It trains , equips , plans , and provides weather , intelligence , standardization / evaluation , and command and control sustaining global flying operations .	Plur
At its peak , it had 7 Boeing 727s , 11 Airbus A320 , 7 Boeing 757 and 7 MD-80 aircraft in service .	Plur
" Les Hiérarchies sociales " was very critical of communist societies and those based on " technocratic orders " , and many ( WHO ? ? ? )	Plur
They are used only in vertical or horizontal spindle grinders .	Plur
In addition , she interviewed various notable Latinos ( as ) for Timothy Greenfield-Sanders ' 2011 HBO television special " The Latino List " .	Plur
Its longbowmen decimated Wallace 's spearmen and cavalry by firing scores of arrows over great distances .	Plur
On the way they found devas of four Logas performing austerity there .	Plur
After her first appearance , she began appearing on such shows as " Seinfeld " , " The X-Files " , and " For Your Love " .	Plur
In March 2018 , Kim left her previous agency Namoo Actors and signed an exclusive contract with J Wide Company on April 3 , 2018 .	Plur
Whereas shelters for fan guns require only water , power and maybe communication , lance-shelters usually need air hydrants as well .	Plur
Such hazards include avalanches , rapid flows , and landslides .	Plur
The stadium also hosted the Ballymore Tornadoes during the only season of the Australian Rugby Championship in 2007 .	Plur
In 2005 , the New Zealand national side won the Tri-Nations final , beating Australia 24-0 .	Plur
In 2003 , Audius won the Best Urban Grooves ( Male ) at the Zimbabwe Music Awards .	Plur
The Greek national rugby league team is nicknamed the Centaurs .	Plur
The full Lebanon side , nicknamed the " Cedars " , remains mostly composed of players of Lebanese ancestry from Australia .	Plur
Under this agreement , the music publisher simply administers and exploits the copyrights for another publisher / copyright owner .	Plur
An annual plant , witchweed overwinters in the seed stage .	Plur
In the north and north-west , the lower plateaus form fairly level tablelands until they reach the ghats when they drop to about 700 feet .	Plur
There have been seven Chief Librarians ( known as the Andrew W. Mellon Chief Librarian since 1992 ) of the Frick Art Reference Library :	Plur
" Rhynchopsitta " is one of numerous genera of New World long-tailed parrots in tribe Arini , which also includes the Central and South American macaws .	Plur
He married María Campos , but she died in 1713 without descendants .	Plur
He represented the Exiles in 2012 and was described by English fullback Sam Tomkins as " very clever , powerful and an effective stand off " .	Plur
In 1966 it had 90 diesels , plus 35 shunters .	Plur
Rather than producing more and more trophozoites , some of the merozoites produce gametocytes .	Plur
The Comets also hold grudges with their cross-town neighbor Grove City High School .	Plur
" The Labors of Hercules " will compare the mythological labors of Hercules to 12 modern problems and offers solutions .	Plur
He joined The Dells as a replacement for Johnny Funches in 1960 and remained an active member of the group until his death .	Plur
2012 , Highpoint Editions , Minneapolis , Five Beauties Rising : New Prints by Willie Cole	Plur
Those on the south of the island produce malts with a very strong peaty flavour , considered to be the most intensely flavoured of all whiskies .	Plur
A population of several thousand red deer inhabit the moors and hills .	Plur
Counted among Landon 's most successful students were Carl Barks , Merrill Blosser , Gene Byrnes , Milton Caniff , Jack Cole , Roy Crane , V.T .	Plur
After having designed plans in 1754 , he constructed his first chronometers by 1756 , and accomplished his masterpiece in 1766 .	Plur
Once the third largest town in Western Australia , Coolgardie attracted the Cornish during the 1890s to mine gold .	Plur
Also , " Lampropeltis extenuatum " has 6 upper labials , whereas kingsnakes ( genus " Lampropeltis " ) have 7 upper labials .	Plur
Giraud 's theorem already gives " sheaves on sites " as a complete list of examples .	Plur
If symmetry under a particular group " G " is of importance , one can use the topos consisting of all " G " -sets .	Plur
The Yoneda Lemma asserts that " C " embeds in Set as a full subcategory .	Plur
The rear side of the building faces Trondhjems Plads .	Plur
Karen and Josje are helping Bas at the kennel ( hotel for animals ) , but Kristel doesn 't know this .	Plur
They better get some flashlights . "	Plur
This law includes “ " Artifacts produced by different cultures or caused by arts , sciences ,	Plur
The modeled structure contains nine helices , one beta sheet , and 10 loops .	Plur
Iskander Beg attributed Georgian ( Pers .	Plur
The three small islands have rocky headlands that rise from the sea without beaches .	Plur
Within his lifetime , he published about 100,000 New Testaments in 28 editions and about 40,000 full Bibles in 8 octavo and 8 duodecimo editions .	Plur
A distinguished optician , he produced numerous microscopes and telescopes in a period of thirty years ( 1734-1764 ) .	Plur
These decorations include the cupboards of the sacristy , the stucco , the confessionals , the organ with the choir and frescoes .	Plur
Other frescoes depict the Evangelists and Saints Lucia , Agatha , Agnes and Catherine .	Plur
Reptiles include caimans and alligator .	Plur
He had many farces and comedies presented and published .	Plur
" Fondements des civilisations de l 'Asie " , EDP Sciences - Collection : Sciences et Histoire ( 2009 ) .	Plur
Belvedere also produces flavored vodkas which are produced using a maceration process .	Plur
Britain sent two biathletes to the Games , both of whom had also competed in the 1992 Games .	Plur
This system would alert the watchmen in the towers in every neighborhood in which there was a fire at night .	Plur
The Ateneo has two Art Galleries for exhibitions of international contemporary artists .	Plur
Whilst here he wrote " Some Phases of Contemporary Thought in India " subsequently published in " Modern Review " .	Plur
In the newest version of DSM-5 ( 2013 ) somatic symptom disorders are recognized under the term Somatic Symptom and Related Disorders :	Plur
Parasouliotes could join the Souliotes to armed operations but they had no representation in the Souliote government .	Plur
In 1772 , Suleyman Tsapari attacked the Souliotes with his army of 9000 men and was defeated .	Plur
Whereas some other academic sources have described the Souliotes as being " partly hellenized Albanian " .	Plur
He composed two woodwind quintets ( 1925 and 1952 ) in addition to the 1963 reduction of the Cinq Danses Profanes et Sacrees .	Plur
The CEP has five coordinators who are students in the TESOL or Applied Linguistics Program .	Plur
The ancient Romans , led by Marcus Valerius Corvus , defeated the Samnites .	Plur
It had 34 family welfare subcentres .	Plur
It had 41 family welfare subcentres .	Plur
MacColla ’ s men charged the Parliamentarians opposite them putting them to flight and killing a large number of them .	Plur
This mode may accommodate continuous or sequential separations with the sample being introduced in the middle of the column or between two bobbins in a hydrodynamic instrument .	Plur
Specialty items include chocolate-covered pretzels , seasonal pretzel barrels and sports mixes .	Plur
Utz also carries dips , salsas , and crackers .	Plur
On November 10 , 1898 , as Spain 's loss of the Philippines became imminent , he and Dominador Gomez published " Filipinas ante Europa "	Plur
In Australia , all States and Territories ( other than the Australian Capital Territory ) employ Police Prosecutors to work in their summary courts .	Plur
The day after they disappeared , a local named Jose Maria Osuna found the clappers ( bell ringers ) and took them home for safekeeping .	Plur
Stores quickly returned the Homies to their shelves ; the resulting media coverage of the controversy helped Homies gain ever more popularity .	Plur
Between 1945 and 1950 , he studied esthetics and art history at Masaryk University in Brno .	Plur
Predators include mustelids , owls and hawks .	Plur
Some sources include the tree voles , genus " Arborimus " , in this genus .	Plur
This action compresses the two anvils where they remain locked at the bores dimension after being withdrawn .	Plur
The gauge has three symmetrical anvils that protrude from the gauge body that are connected to the dial or micrometer mechanism .	Plur
As the knob is rotated it moves the anvils in or out with respect to the measurements .	Plur
At the same time , he got all Polish submersibles to lay naval mines in the Bay of Gdańsk ( " " Plan Worek " " ) .	Plur
The music video shows Peaches and The Herms , all dressed in glam rock fashions , hitting themselves until they bleed while performing the song on stage .	Plur
New tools – like the Live Experience Tracking ( LET ) – capture key online and offline touchpoints .	Plur
These include telecoms and financial services , FMCG brands , fragrance , health and beauty as well as leisure and entertainment .	Plur
Secondly it benchmarks specific touchpoints through evaluating them against the experiential template , emphasising the contribution of each touchpoint over the entire experience .	Plur
Normally companies manage their touchpoints in different areas such as marketing , distribution , communication , service , public relations , investor relations or human resources .	Plur
To try and cause trouble to the Smurfs , Gargamel has created other Smurfs , most notably Smurfette .	Plur
Plotinus criticized both Aristotle 's Categories and those of the Stoics .	Plur
Teams can use wikis to create a central place to collaborate on a project .	Plur
She can crack most safes simply by putting her shoulder into it while yelling , “ sixty-four , twenty-two , hike ! ” .	Plur
Designs imitated imported Chinese and Japanese porcelains and the wares being produced at Chelsea , at the other end of London .	Plur
In the Fed Cup World Group II Estonia won Argentina and advanced to World Group Play-offs , where they lost 2 – 3 to Belgium .	Plur
The other Irish runner was Laughing Lashes , who had beaten Misty for Me in the Debutante Stakes in August 2010 .	Plur
Pérez replaced Elizabeth Fonseca Corrales as president of PAC , earning 43 votes to Federico Picado 's 26 votes in a party assembly .	Plur
Beginning in September 1944 , " Stone Town " performed workups in Bermuda .	Plur
Under the new ownership the print edition is titled simply Registry of World Record Size Shells .	Plur
On the Tunisian island of Djerba , local people catch octopuses by taking advantage of the animals ' habit of hiding in safe places during the night .	Plur
Scenarist Barry Trivers has avoided artfully the pitfalls of a morbid theme by having Professor Todhunter regard his plight philosophically .	Plur
The African wolf rarely catches hares , due to their speed .	Plur
It will also kill young gazelles , duikers and warthogs .	Plur
Around 895 , they defeated the Magyars , or Hungarians , forcing them to leave the steppes and settle in Central Europe .	Plur
Having survived these two fracas , and with only four left in the race , Day won on Mango , although not without beating the horse severely .	Plur
In the qualification round , she finished thirty-sixth which didn 't advance her through to the all-around final ; she did make the vault final though .	Plur
Mataram and Surabaya backed rival pretenders In a war of succession in Kediri .	Plur
From Banjul the road runs south-eastwards via Diouloulou to reconnect with the N4 at Bignona .	Plur
They had long faired , electron metal fairings behind them which contained oil tanks but their cylinder heads were exposed .	Plur
During 1820 and 1821 Belzoni also exhibited facsimiles of the tomb of Seti I .	Plur
All trainers built in series in Poland to that point were high-wing monoplanes , for example the RWD-8 or the various biplanes .	Plur
These lesson plans support the Prescribed Learning Outcomes of the BC Ministry of Education 's Integrated Resource Packages ( IRPs ) .	Plur
They also hosted Jemez Education Retreats .	Plur
The Braves also had solid relievers in Macay McBride , Blaine Boyer , and Tyler Yates .	Plur
The early Roman family was called a " gens " or " clan " .	Plur
Published by Silvia Ichar , the magazine reaches Southern California Latinos through its local distribution , as well as subscription base .	Plur
He did 21 reps of 225 pounds and ran a 4.84 40-yard dash .	Plur
The Al-Obaidi 's became the ruling Sheikhs and to this day carry the right to use the title of Sheikh .	Plur
Judge Benson denied 4 Motions for Summary Judgment by Microsoft to have the case dismissed .	Plur
But the best rendering seems to be to understand the syllable " I " as an exclamation of bitter sorrow , " Alas !	Plur
Gaston produced torrential downpours that inundated Richmond , Virginia .	Plur
Cornell joined The Pearls , who charted in the UK with several singles between 1972 and 1974 , including their Top 10 hit , " Guilty " .	Plur
In other words , aliphatic alcohols will displace phenols from aryl carbonates .	Plur
The LCAD enzyme catalyzes most of fatty acid beta-oxidation by forming a C2-C3 trans-double bond in the fatty acid .	Plur
The Official PlayStation 2 Magazine UK gave Smarties : Meltdown its lowest possible score , 1 / 10 .	Plur
This computer autopilots spaceships from one part of the galaxy to another .	Plur
He later worked with Atlantic / Big Gates artist Plies on his album " Goon Affiliated " .	Plur
It records the pedigrees of animals that have been registered , and makes the information available to scientists .	Plur
The cost was determined 30 guilders a month .	Plur
This season introduces many new dance moms and dancers to both the Abby Lee Dance Company and Candy Apples Dance Center .	Plur
Little Fire has released one album " High Hopes " and one EP " Roots " .	Plur
Resources have Relationships defined between them which ensures they are started and stopped in the correct order .	Plur
In 1998 he debuted his first musical , " Show Biz 'ness " , at the legendary Cafe Du Nord in San Francisco .	Plur
Past band members included Raul Ornelas on drums and vocals .	Plur
( see Seljuks in Dobruja ) He began punishing rebellious tribes .	Plur
Investors might view Alpha Indexes as a measure of numerical difference between the returns of the target and the benchmark component .	Plur
Guizhou ( 1984 : 8 ) lists the following exonyms for the Longjia people in IPA .	Plur
These could use horizontal co-ordinates of up to 359 , rather than the 279 maximum of the Apple II	Plur
" Los Premios 40 Principales 2012	Plur
Later , he worked in many socialist themed films such as " Do Bigha Zamin " , " Devdas " and " Naya Daur " .	Plur
He edited the " Calendars of State Papers " , Domestic Series , Charles I , 1625-1639 , 12 vols .	Plur
Amadeus Cho told Shanna the She-Devil what the Neanderthal natives had explained to him .	Plur
In January 2012 , he donated 100 hooded sweatshirts to the Saginaw High band before its halftime performance at the Sugar Bowl between Michigan and Virginia Tech .	Plur
The Gamesmaster agreed and , after allowing the heroes to leave , disbanded the Upstarts .	Plur
This organ , called a pendulous clitoris because of the way it dangles externally , is actually larger than the male flaccid penis .	Plur
The community also serves approximately 25 outstations with a total population of approx .	Plur
In Game 3 , goaltender Hugh Lehman led the Millionaires to a 3 – 0 shutout .	Plur
Syn equips his nomads with strange red crystals that drain the life out of touched victims .	Plur
Dogen searches Lemuria 's wastelands for Syn 's camp , traveling in an armored vehicle which looks like a SUV .	Plur
He sees the nomads gathered around Syn , and Hurok greets him .	Plur
The animals ’ area has rock outcroppings , a waterfall and indigenous Southwest plantings .	Plur
In addition the exhibit contains : eland , whistling ducks , ostriches , zebras , and tortoises .	Plur
He then advanced down the Tigris , taking Ctesiphon .	Plur
He then marched down the Tigris , devastating the country and sacking Khosrau 's palace at Dastagerd .	Plur
This allowed the Sasanians to become familiar with Roman technology .	Plur
Primates in the park include macaques , gibbon , François 's leaf monkey and slow loris .	Plur
Migrant species include thrushes , flycatchers , tits , finches , pipits amongst others .	Plur
It was moved onto the newly built Memorial Boulevard the late 1940s and onto a new bypass around Collinsville and Martinsville in the mid-1970s .	Plur
At the instigation of Maas , the U.S. government also attacks the Specials , killing more .	Plur
He and Sabres goaltender Martin Biron left their creases to fight each other .	Plur
In October 1933 , a major body of Barthé 's work inaugurated the Caz Delbo Galleries at the Rockefeller Center in New York .	Plur
Many Soyot married into the larger culture , the Buryats .	Plur
The player can pilot spaceships of varying sizes , as well as land on and explore planets .	Plur
As the practice of using tribute teams declined in the early 19th century , the mine owners themselves would hire bal maidens to dress this waste ore .	Plur
In 1938 , Trochu attacked the pacifists and anti-militarists such as Jean Zay and Léon Blum who refuse to take the rearmament of Germany seriously .	Plur
" Pevsner " describes the chancel recess as 13th-century , with English Heritage noting it as 14th .	Plur
The preserve contains some spectacular rock outcroppings .	Plur
El Trece airs " Solamente Vos " and " Farsantes " , and Telefe airs " Los Vecinos en Guerra " and " Celebrity Splash !	Plur
Kathleen Turner portrayed Ivins in the play 's 2010 debut , the play was directed by David Esbjornson .	Plur
With the help of William Jerdan , Macken published of a volume of poems , " Lays on Land " .	Plur
Canadian music channel MuchMusic is currently airing re-runs .	Plur
In total Australia had 93 medallists of which 25 were multi-medallists , while gold medallist there was 40 and eight of these were multi-gold medallists .	Plur
The opera observes classical unities of a single setting for the plot , with the events occurring in real time on a single day .	Plur
Pierre settles down to food and drink as the curtain falls .	Plur
" Ratnangi " has a few minor " janya " rāgams ( derived scales ) associated with it , of which " Revati " is very popular .	Plur
" Manavati " has a few minor " janya " rāgams ( derived scales ) associated with it .	Plur
" Tanarupi " has no " janya " rāgams ( derived scales ) associated with it .	Plur
The word " słowiki " means " nightingales " in Polish .	Plur
While in space , Rod and Joey constantly battle two bumbling cosmonauts .	Plur
The concentration camps very much resemble the common slaughterhouses of today . "	Plur
Includes acute and chronic leukemias .	Plur
He earned all-Big Eight status three-times and was selected as an All-American in 1977 and 1978 .	Plur
Tomkinson discusses the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and the Book of Enoch at great length including Enoch 's special role as protector of the Angels .	Plur
I also will chose their delusions . "	Plur
The master artisans knit the shawls so fine that they can be pulled through a ladies ' wedding ring .	Plur
In fact , the ASME code does not require interlocks or mechanical pressure indicating devices on such doors .	Plur
The manufacture of pressure-treated wood may require autoclaves .	Plur
He also edited for publication Rademacher 's posthumous textbook " Topics in Analytic Number Theory " .	Plur
In 2007 , Thompson revisited his late-1980s melodic rock heyday with two projects .	Plur
Also included are storage technologies utilizing photonics to read or write data and optical display technologies .	Plur
The film lifted Martin 's diatribes against Laurin from Nack 's book , which were a transcription of Martin 's actual words as recorded by Nack .	Plur
Biologist Richard Lewontin asserts that patriarchy persists through social and political reasons , rather than purely biological causes .	Plur
and Cates ' " Ridgemont High " bikinis in the " Top Ten Bikinis in Pop Culture " .	Plur
Pop stars Nicki Minaj and Rihanna donned bikinis for the music videos in 2012 .	Plur
Based in the southern suburbs of Perth , the district straddles both sides of the Canning River .	Plur
He tells his puzzled co-workers , " I wasn 't a guard long enough to learn how to be a prisoner . "	Plur
As well , he lectured shakuhachi at the University of Hawaii , where he gained his BA and MA degrees .	Plur
Titled Blacklight Shines On , the album contains nine songs plus one hidden track .	Plur
Tomáš Šmíd / Sherwood Stewart defeated Marcos Hocevar / João Soares 6 – 1 , 7 – 5	Plur
Consequently , only planar graphs have duals .	Plur
A fractional laser delivers tiny pinpoints of laser light to a part of the skin .	Plur
A ) For an equilatarel triangle the Steiner ellipse is the circumcircle , which is the only ellipse , that fulfills the preconditions .	Plur
He wrote one " canso " , whose melody survives , and one moralising " sirventes " .	Plur
So to close the seams together	Plur
On the forewings , the costa slightly is arched , the apex rounded , the termen straight .	Plur
Such devices and practices include mutilations ... and the use of bits , spectacles and hoods to prevent feather pecking , egg eating or aggression .	Plur
She oversaw the daily religious observances at Apethorpe Hall and performed charitable duties in the neighbourhood .	Plur
The album spawned two singles - " Threads " and " Reflexes of the Dead " .	Plur
" Angel Oliva and I took the first Cuban-seed tobaccos to Jalapa in Nicaragua in 1954 .	Plur
In each part of the UK , the relevant commission first published " Provisional Proposals " , accessible on the Web and viewable at local council offices .	Plur
For the aborted 2011 review , the Boundary Commission for England released its " Initial Proposals " to the public on 13 September 2011 .	Plur
On 15 August , he sent down three Fokker D.VIIs out of control east of Ypres .	Plur
( At the time of its National Register listing , it still had apparently original metal stanchions with yokes ; these have since been removed . )	Plur
In 2005 , Tam represented pan-democrats to run in the Hong Kong and Kowloon District Councils Subsector by-election for the Election Committee but was not elected .	Plur
He participated in the Richmond citywide project " 21 Billboards by 21 Artists " .	Plur
He composed the fantasias in 1899 on two chorales : " " and " " They were published by Jos .	Plur
He composed seven chorale fantasias in Weiden between 1898 and 1900 , inspired by a fantasia on " Wie schön leuchtet der Morgenstern " , Op .	Plur
It eventually reached the glottis , causing great difficulty in swallowing .	Plur
Ann offers him an I-Phone 6S , as his fee , which he takes .	Plur
These cats also had long Whiskers and eyebrows .	Plur
They have great appetites , and are quite dainty eaters - fried chicken and good steak is their choice .	Plur
He joined the pro-business conservative Liberal Party in 2009 after he returned to Hong Kong .	Plur
United beat the Latics 4 – 0 and were subsequently drawn away to Championship side Blackburn Rovers in the fifth round .	Plur
BirdTrack allows birdwatchers to record the names and numbers of birds seen in a specified location anywhere in the world .	Plur
These events left Alexios in poor shape to oppose the advance of the adventurer Andronikos I Komnenos , who moved against Constantinople from the east .	Plur
In 1957 he founded the architects company Friis & Moltke with Elmar Moltke Nielsen .	Plur
" Haemoproteus homovelans " has circumnuclear gametocytes that lack volutin granules .	Plur
Previous formats have included Los 40 Principales and pop-focused " + Radio " ( Más Radio ) .	Plur
The , eight in number , earned 2 sols per marc of gold and 1 sol per sols of silver .	Plur
By this reasoning , adding an incompatible belief corrupts the original religion , rendering it no longer true .	Plur
The gullet of a saddle must clear the withers of the horse , but yet must not be so narrow as to pinch the horse 's back .	Plur
D. H. Lawrence also used nesh in " England , My England " ( 1922 ) , Chapter 4 - Monkey Nuts :	Plur
In 2018 , she won the Women Icons of India award in Mumbai , India .	Plur
He obtained his juris doctorate degree from the University of Michigan .	Plur
McIntire could combine gravitas with a populist appeal to what he called " the grass roots . "	Plur
Hainsworth also co-hosts the podcast " Geeks and Beats " with Alan Cross , a weekly podcast about music and technology .	Plur
The school 's athletic teams are nicknamed the Redwings , with the school colors being red , white and black .	Plur
The lake 's edge has reedbed , herb fen and blanket bog .	Plur
Nebula uses blasters worn on her wrists that fire concussive blasts of unknown energy or heat blasts that can incinerate a human being almost instantly .	Plur
" His oatmeal business has pummeled the famous Quaker oats brand made locally to win a 65 per cent market share " .	Plur
The 2004-2005 Complementary Indigenous Survey identified 854 Argentines of first-generation Lule descent .	Plur
It does not have flowerbeds or gardens and is mainly grass with some trees .	Plur
It incorporates protocol daemons for BGP , IS-IS , LDP , OSPF , PIM , and RIP .	Plur
It also contains spiritual meditations , including a short essay on Hildegard of Bingen , notes on sermons , comments on her economic affairs , and correspondence .	Plur
See below , Examples of Jewish Asceticism .	Plur
The bandmates get along well until Thomas composes the song " Boys Rule , Girls Drool " , which Nat dislikes .	Plur
Hoffman recorded four top-10s and 11 top-25s in the 2009 season and finished a career high 41st on the money list .	Plur
He took his daily ablutions in the river before offering his prayers in the morning , often breaking through the ice in winter for this purpose .	Plur
See Maimonides , " Yad ha-chazakah " , De 'ot , iii .	Plur
It has been ranked " hors catégorie " , every year since 1995 .	Plur
North Carolina ranks 47th in dentist per 10,000 residents .	Plur
Roberts has received two Emmy Nominations for spot news and feature news reporting .	Plur
In 1821 , John Quincy Adams had declared " Weights and measures may be ranked among the necessities of life to every individual of human society " .	Plur
In 1835 , the invention of the telegraph by Samuel Morse allowed new progresses in the field of geodesy as longitudes were determined with greater accuracy .	Plur
Promoting the observables to quantum mechanical operators yields the following Schrödinger equation .	Plur
In that capacity he held ordinations at Salisbury on 13 April 1560 and 26 April 1568 .	Plur
Many Russians consider these infamous " oligarchs " to be thieves .	Plur
In the summer of 2003 , García joined Segunda División club UD Las Palmas .	Plur
A scholarship from the " Académie des Inscriptions et Belles Lettres " in Paris enabled him to travel to Yemen in 1882 .	Plur
McGall coached the Newark Tornadoes of the National Football League in two games during the 1930 NFL season .	Plur
As of 2011 , a decision has been made to " ordain " rather than " invest " cantors .	Plur
He has a younger brother Vinsynzie " Vins " .	Plur
Major Frank Wolcott led the Regulators into Johnson County .	Plur
This condense battery evaporates 2500 hectolitres of juice per day .	Plur
They left the GIs to discover that the Vietnamese did not fit into their experience of either ' communist ' or ' democrats . '	Plur
Carthage granted the Sicilian Phoenicians local autonomy , keeping control of their foreign policy , extracting some sort of tribute in exchange for military aid .	Plur
The light Libyan infantry carried javelins and a small shield , same as the Iberian light infantry .	Plur
Despite heavy casualties , the weight of numbers slowly enabled the Carthaginians to advance through the city .	Plur
The light Libyan infantry carried javelins and a small shield , same as Iberian light infantry .	Plur
This convinced the Syracusans to leave Himera for their mother city .	Plur
In turn , train guards set their chronometers against those clocks .	Plur
These reactions include a sore arm , fever , and body aches .	Plur
Under my old contract I furnished eight continuities a year ; now that I work only for William DeMille I only write four .	Plur
In 1907 they lost the final against Tralee Mitchels , in 1937 and 1947 against John Mitchels GAA Club .	Plur
He also directed and wrote the 1992 documentary " The JFK Assassination : The Jim Garrison Tapes " .	Plur
Morrison 's remarks angered Harries to such a point that he assaulted the man .	Plur
After the first year , he received the most demerits in his class and came very close to being expelled .	Plur
They imported two French cooks to provide their workers the best of meals at the boarding house .	Plur
Despite its traditional Labour and trade union sympathies , it supported the Colt shop stewards against the union leadership .	Plur
" Vishwambari " has a few minor " janya " rāgams ( derived scales ) associated with it .	Plur
" Shamalangi 's " notes when shifted using " Graha bhedam " , yields 2 minor " melakarta " rāgams " Ganamoorti " and " Vishwambari " .	Plur
Vadsco subsidiaries also produced perfumes , talcum and other products .	Plur
Led by The Mentor , these Daleks ally themselves with the humans against the " Enemy Daleks " of our universe .	Plur
In the meantime , he joined his fellow Joes in their final victory against Cobra .	Plur
For example , Moodle has emoticons but they are not available in current versions of Blackboard .	Plur
They also use “ Stewarts ” as an improvisational exercise for songwriting while on the road .	Plur
Thin-slicing allows raters to focus on expressive behavior and weeds out extraneous information that can cause judgments to stray away from the truth .	Plur
In November 1988 , The Dave Howard Singers supported Spacemen 3 .	Plur
At the end , Lindsay overthinks the technicalities of the scene and loses the emotion , and is given the axe .	Plur
After Monterrey fell to the Americans Doty joined other scoundrels in a binge of looting and murder .	Plur
In " Season Eight " , Xander leads the Slayers and operates their central command in Scotland ; Buffy describes him as her unwilling " Watcher " .	Plur
Denmark and the United Kingdom obtained special opt-outs in the original Maastricht Treaty .	Plur
The ship entered the Narrows well above the harbour 's speed limit in an attempt to make up for the delay experienced in loading her coal .	Plur
These ignited the vapours from the benzol .	Plur
Deadpool , after defeating Carnage , gives the four symbiotes to a war dog who helped Deadpool fight Carnage to deliver to them to the government .	Plur
Male mice on encountering female mice produce complex ultrasonic vocalisations that have characteristics of song .	Plur
We Have No Bananas ' in French .	Plur
Josephus , in " Antiquities " , contextualizes the Sadducees as opposed to the Pharisees and the Essenes .	Plur
The airfield attacks on 15 April left 7 Cubans dead and 53 wounded .	Plur
On television , Reischl appeared on " Gunsmoke " , " The Interns " , " Apple 's Way " and " The Bold Ones " .	Plur
The lawsuit repelled prospective signees R.E.M. , who were preparing to work with Geffen but upon hearing of the lawsuit signed with Warner Bros. instead .	Plur
His back injury allowed several younger fullbacks to stake claims for the Australian jersey , particularly Brisbane Broncos fullback Karmichael Hunt .	Plur
Guided kayak trips take kayakers on a tour of the local ecosystem .	Plur
In 1870 , Holt ’ s grandson , Timothy Holt , plotted Holts Summit around a general store built by his father James Holt .	Plur
They named the village “ Holts Summit ” because it was the highest point from there to the Missouri River .	Plur
It also had 14 schoolhouses and a tavern .	Plur
By 1859 , when the town 's population was 1,366 , it had two gristmills and two sawmills .	Plur
Other early contributors to the scene included UK Decay and Ireland 's the Virgin Prunes .	Plur
That same year , Ian Astbury of the band Southern Death Cult used the term " gothic goblins " to describe Sex Gang Children 's fans .	Plur
In the years to come , many of their releases would also be fund-raisers .	Plur
That same year , the group created the sub-label Obsessions .	Plur
The new CGPF included several new federations , including the Confédération des Groupements Commerciaux , which became the Union Commerciale Professionelle within the CGPF .	Plur
As the development of FPM techniques , its power has spread from uniform oriented fluorophores to fluorescent dipoles with organized orientation or on complex bio-structures .	Plur
Beider Management was later renamed Provident Resorts , which now manages several resorts throughout central and southern Florida .	Plur
In February 2017 , Johnson released a new song " Fragments " to accompany the " Smog of the Sea " film .	Plur
It features the band 's " dead crushes " : Sylvia Plath , Lee Miller , and Anne Boleyn teaming up in a post-apocalyptic world .	Plur
The fort had twenty water cisterns and two ponds .	Plur
The district includes the Regional County Municipalities of Portneuf and La Jacques-Cartier as well as the municipality of Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures .	Plur
The radar screen now showed only three small pips .	Plur
These include more animal-like daemons .	Plur
Each god can have other daemons that do not fit the above profiles .	Plur
These include minor daemons like " Nurglings " ( of Nurgle ) , or cavalry-like " Seekers of Slaanesh " ( daemonettes mounted on daemonic steeds ) .	Plur
In " Warhammer 40,000 " , some Chaos Space Marines willingly allow daemons to inhabit their bodies .	Plur
Certain Chaos Space Marines , notably Abbadon , will bind his daemons in such a way so that they possess little free will .	Plur
Eventually , Lycaenion , a woman from the city , educates Daphnis in love-making .	Plur
Florence brought cargos such as slag ( for fertiliser ) , grain and coal .	Plur
Often smaller networks do not have multiple firewalls , so if only one firewall exists in a network , bastion hosts are commonly placed outside the firewall .	Plur
Every week after the premiere , Cartoon Network showcased a different World Premiere Toons made by a different artist .	Plur
One frame has a " crosshairs " on it while several frames have ink marks .	Plur
Eleazer Pomeroy , in addition to operating the tavern , also ran stagecoaches , and had acquired a large amount of land in the area by 1828 .	Plur
The larvae feed on " Tanacetum vulgare " , " Artemisia vulgaris " , " Artemisia campestris " and " Pimpinella saxifraga " .	Plur
In 1982 Rateau started the “ Chants du Temps ” ( Time songs ) for orchestra which he finished in 1988 .	Plur
Later that year , he appeared as Falstaff in another Shakespeare play , " The Merry Wives of Windsor " .	Plur
Bob Heathcote joined Suicidal Tendencies in 1988 a year after the release of Suicidal ’ s second studio album Join The Army on Frontier Records .	Plur
Howard had two top-tens as well in the BobCat Company / FarmPaint.com Chevy , but finished seventeenth in points , and was released .	Plur
This , said some Republican strategists , would provide the Democrats with a three-month " head start " on the general election .	Plur
The appearance of markings such as white socks or a star on the forehead neither adds nor detracts to the horse in terms of official judging .	Plur
To operate these routes , the GTA purchased 229 new electric tramcars .	Plur
From 1922 until 1971 , all trams had mailboxes at their rear side .	Plur
He later coached the Wheeling Thunderbirds of the ECHL during the 1995 – 96 season .	Plur
They remain popular on the used market both as working flashlights and collectibles .	Plur
This makes the Sinks the 669th longest surveyed cave in the U.S. as of 10 March 2014	Plur
The latter form is called Azure DevOps ( formerly Visual Studio Online before it was renamed to Visual Studio Team Services in 2015 ) .	Plur
TFS includes Process Templates for the Microsoft Solutions Framework for Agile , Scrum and CMMI .	Plur
Returning to the battle zone within a week 's time , " Vincennes " steamed with TG 58.1 as it headed for Kyūshū .	Plur
" Vincennes " fired her final salvoes on 16 June and then headed for the United States for a much-needed overhaul .	Plur
Rice married Fannie Katherine Hollis on April 11 , 1906 ; they had one child , the actress Florence Rice .	Plur
In the administration of that city he showed great firmness and political subtlety .	Plur
Oxford Nanopore technologies sells portable and desktop sequencers .	Plur
During the last month of World War II Haslach had three sub-camps of the concentration camp Natzweiler-Struthof at the volcano near the city .	Plur
In late 1988 and early 1989 , The Saw Doctors accompanied The Waterboys on tours of Ireland and Great Britain .	Plur
They spent their childhoods in the same neighborhood .	Plur
Other manufacturers include Chengdu Letian Plastics , Lion Idemitsu Composites , and Initz ( a joint venture of SK Chemicals and Teijin ) .	Plur
Ahom , like other Tai languages , uses classifiers to identify categories , and repetitions of words to express idiomatic expressions .	Plur
Shanna and Ka-Zar find Skrulls mining the rare metal vibranium in the Savage Land .	Plur
In 1992 , the Southern California-based 99 Cents Only Stores purchased the rights to the name " Rinso " from Unilever for use in the United States .	Plur
WEA ( now the Warner Music Group ) acquired the entire Smiths back catalogue in early 1992 .	Plur
Aeroponics has now largely surpassed hydroponics and tissue culture as means for sterile propagation of plant species .	Plur
Quintus Fabius defeated the Samnites at the Battle of Tifernum and Publius Decius defeated a Samnite force from Apulia near Maleventum .	Plur
The propraetor Gnaeus Fulvius defeated the Etruscans .	Plur
Asaphida contains six superfamilies ( Anomocaroidea , Asaphoidea , Cyclopygoidea , Dikelocephaloidea , Remopleuridoidea and Trinucleioidea ) , but no suborders .	Plur
After SuperBrawl IV , Garvin went to the Global Wrestling Federation ( GWF ) , where he reformed the Freebirds with Terry Gordy and Hayes .	Plur
It also lost Valdes and Lasqueti Islands .	Plur
He had six top-tens and finished ninth in points .	Plur
In 1997 , Benson had eight top-tens , but did not finish in the top-five once .	Plur
Histological findings in persistently infected mice often show chronic glomerulonephritis .	Plur
LCMV causes callitrichid hepatitis in New World primates .	Plur
Additionally , he has written 14 Monographs on such subjects as history , politics , and religion .	Plur
It also attracts mosquitoes in the genus " Aedes " and can be used in mosquito baits .	Plur
At the Living Dangerously pay-per-view , New Jack and Spike Dudley defeated Hardcore Chair Swingin ' Freaks and Dudley Boyz in a three-way dance .	Plur
They are also called Cysts of Moll or sudoriferous cysts .	Plur
He replaced Ramon Vivas shortly after the elections .	Plur
The original participants secretly invited other well-known Esperantists to take part in the discussions .	Plur
The albite-epidote-hornfels facies is a facies at low pressure and relatively low temperatures .	Plur
Up until this time the GD & HR route and the associated branches had formed a developing outer suburban network of the North British Railway .	Plur
Graduating starters on Alabama 's offense included Darius Hanks and Marquis Maze at wide receiver , Brad Smelley at tight end and William Vlachos at center .	Plur
All racers receive GPS locators surgically so the showrunners can track them and , if necessary , kill them if they attempt to escape .	Plur
It caused no surface ruptures and did not generate a tsunami .	Plur
New Directions challenges the Warblers for the right to perform Jackson , and they meet in a parking garage at night and compete to " Bad " .	Plur
Many of Wailea 's single-family and condominium complexes offer gated entryways for enhanced security and privacy .	Plur
During her long singing career , she has sung ghazals , geet , nazm and national songs .	Plur
She loved swallows and wolves .	Plur
have shown frequent interstitial deletions in a series of prostate cancers , squamous cell head and neck cancers and colorectal carcinomas .	Plur
Cell surface heparan sulfate proteoglycans are composed of a membrane-associated protein core substituted with a variable number of heparan sulfate chains .	Plur
Cleavage of this complex produces free cobalamin , translocating from lysosome to cytoplasm .	Plur
They also hydrolyze long-chain fatty acid esters and thioesters .	Plur
Overexpression of Nov in transgenic mice in osteoblasts antagonizes both BMP and Wnt-signaling and result in osteopenia .	Plur
The C-terminus domain of MSMB contains two two-stranded β-sheets ; these have no resemblance to other structural motifs .	Plur
Isoform 1 phosphorylates and activates NEK11 in G1 / S-arrested cells .	Plur
Katsumata had recruited six other Comrades to journey with him on the expedition to Akuro 's Heart .	Plur
The Tubman family has produced such notable Liberians such as William Tubman and Winston Tubman .	Plur
They befriended Ignaz Moscheles there .	Plur
Other classes of words include adverbs , numbers , particles , pre-nouns , and pre-verbs .	Plur
The language uses postpositions , which are attached to the ends of words and are not separated from the words they govern .	Plur
Varieties of aromatic rice include basmati , jasmine , Texmati , Tulaipanji , Wehani , and wild pecan rice .	Plur
she added a few farts to it	Plur
They defeated Far Eastern University Tamaraws 67 – 63 .	Plur
This often includes other Buddhas from the past , and Buddhas who have not yet arisen .	Plur
Early Buddhism did not include " bodhisattvas " in the Three Refuges , because they were considered to still be on the path to enlightenment .	Plur
Started in 1995 , " Acoustic Café " presents singer-songwriters in various genres , playing songs in the Acoustic Café studio and chatting with host Rob Reinhart .	Plur
The terms formula _ 7 and formula _ 8 represent instabilities in of the total current in the magnetic lenses and the acceleration voltage .	Plur
Es dampft das Tal , es braust das Meer .	Plur
" Carnival Freedom " originally sailed two itineraries from her home port in Civitavecchia near Rome .	Plur
In addition , it has 120 Industrial Affiliates ( companies ) .	Plur
The title sponsor of the championship is Petronas and it is supported by motorcycle manufacturers Modenas , Yamaha , Honda , and Suzuki .	Plur
This change prevents the T-lymphocytes from signaling other cells , like B-lymphocytes and natural killer cells .	Plur
During the campaign , Kilroy linked Stivers to big business , bank lobbyists , predatory lending and the financial crisis .	Plur
I have the Feds and the CIA , both would love to catch me , I have MI6 on my back " .	Plur
Thus on an oriented pseudo-Riemannian manifold , one can interchange -forms , -vector fields , -forms , and -vector fields ; this is known as Hodge duality .	Plur
Some descriptions of carbon monoxide poisoning include retinal hemorrhages , and an abnormal cherry-red blood hue .	Plur
He re-instituted old observances and archaic language .	Plur
He expelled foreign astrologers , and at the same time rehabilitated the old Roman soothsayers ( known as haruspices ) as a replacement .	Plur
DeMille 's trademark scenes included bathtubs , lion attacks , and Roman orgies .	Plur
The more expensive restaurants usually offer their specialty desserts .	Plur
The Gaborone Amendment ( 1983 ) allows regional economic blocs to accede to the treaty .	Plur
Certain applications use different waveforms , such as triangular or square waves .	Plur
Neither local connectedness nor local path connectedness necessarily implies connectedness or path connectedness .	Plur
It appears as a dense , roughly spherical or irregular organelle .	Plur
Eukaryotic mRNA contains introns that must be removed before being translated to produce functional proteins .	Plur
The proliferation of IT certifications ( both offered and attained ) has led some technologists to question their value .	Plur
The State Government had also deployed 9 Magistrates to assist the Army authorities as also the CRPF for restoring the normal conditions at the Bokaro Steel Plant .	Plur
Subsequently he sought wagers at horse race meetings and cockpits , refusing to pay if he lost and instead challenging the victor to a fight .	Plur
On September 6 , 2007 , Senator Chuck Grassley ( R-Iowa ) introduced the Physician Payments Sunshine Act of 2007 ( S. 2029 ) .	Plur
The DB converted several Class 78s for push-pull running e.g .	Plur
The channel broadcasts the program La storia siamo noi and documentaries about history and culture from " Rai Educational " and " Rai Teche " .	Plur
Alfre Woodard and Kathy Bates play best pals in this soap opera-style story , and the moments each are on-screen are undeniably the movie 's best .	Plur
In the mid-1980s , she married Corky Ballas .	Plur
The Professional Syndicates Union represents 24 syndicates and tribal coalitions from around Egypt .	Plur
There he painted livelier cityscapes including " Case a Viareggio " , " Ponte di Santi Trinita " , and " Passeggiata alle Cascine " .	Plur
They defeated the Dallas Sidekicks 6 – 5 in their first regular season game on November 10 .	Plur
Patrons of Heller included Ronda Storms .	Plur
From 2012 to 2016 , he represented Aguascalientes in the Senate during the LXII and LXIII Legislatures .	Plur
In 2013 , McLeod founded Faith Worth Defending Apologetics Ministry .	Plur
The engineer in the next office at the SRD Lab was developing Diode Transistor Logic ( DTL ) ICs and also having saturation problems .	Plur
The studio has been host to such bands as The Kills , The Fiery Furnaces and others .	Plur
In 1995 he founded the techno club Docklands in cooperation with Anders Varveus .	Plur
Andrade faced Sarah Moras on July 15 , 2015 , at .	Plur
By 2014 , it was registering about one billion " swipes " per day .	Plur
However , to get to those 12 million matches , users collectively made around 1 billion swipes per day .	Plur
As is typical in the southern part of the glaze ware production area , Glaze A pottery ( simple rim forms ) predominates ( Franklin 2007 ) .	Plur
Many cuisines feature eggplant salads and appetizers .	Plur
For example , in Lancaster County , Vic Rawl won the absentees with 84 percent , while Greene won primary day by a double-digit margin .	Plur
In response , the keepers blow raspberries at him after the performance .	Plur
Pilasters ( built 1900 ) divide the shopfronts with quasi-corinthian capitals and a new verandah has been added .	Plur
These also include the co-productions the studio collaborated with in the past ( i.e .	Plur
The dark Jovian asteroid belongs the 100 largest Jupiter trojans and has a rotation period of 23.3 hours .	Plur
This similitude makes soft robotics an interesting field of research capable to exchange ideas and insights with the research community in motor neuroscience .	Plur
This section enacts certain repeals which explicitly granted the Solicitor General powers of the Attorney General , and sets a date for the Act to commence .	Plur
By the end of 2016 , it sold 100,000 toothbrushes .	Plur
However , rivalry often lessens over time .	Plur
He led the Boilers to a second straight Sweet Sixteen appearance .	Plur
Since being signed , West has worked with Brian Kennedy , The Smeezingtons , Kevin Rudolf , and the Stereotypes , among others .	Plur
Minorities included 42 Moldovans , 47 Russians , 43 Ukrainians , 32 Bulgarians , and 25 Roma .	Plur
In 2008 , the bike received minor tweaks to the decals changing to a font that closer resembles the graphics on the Ducati 1098 .	Plur
where now formula _ 64 and formula _ 65 are left-handed and right-handed two-component Weyl spinors .	Plur
It can additionally destabilize microtubules and prevent cell division .	Plur
Podophyllotoxin destabilizes microtubules by binding tubulin and thus preventing cell division .	Plur
Up front the Kings had 7 returnees and Dauphinite Jim Cruise was added to the 1st line with Miller and Murray .	Plur
According to one story , recounted in the book " The Palmers " , they were first introduced on the Rock Island Arsenal Island .	Plur
Although less accurate than the bow , an arquebus could penetrate most armours of the period and required little training .	Plur
The first European land exploration of Alta California , the Spanish Portolá expedition , discovered Whittier Narrows on its return journey to San Diego .	Plur
The company no longer manufacturers typewriters or calculators , but does manufacture large quantities of barcode and shipping labels and thermal ribbons used in thermal transfer printers .	Plur
However , many of these form deep acceptors and do not produce significant p-type conduction at room temperature .	Plur
He switches ragas with ease , and sings complex swara patterns like a professional classical artiste . "	Plur
Besides herding , they also function as watchdogs due to their alertness and tendency to bark only as needed .	Plur
" Long Island " launched three Brewster F2A-2 Buffalos by the catapult method and six Curtiss SOCs by conventional carrier takeoff .	Plur
Contact fungicides are not taken up into the plant tissue and protect only the plant where the spray is deposited .	Plur
Charmaine ultimately reconciles with Artie in season six .	Plur
In his teens he played in a band , the Flamingos , with the guitarist Snooks Eaglin , before dropping out of school .	Plur
Her album " Blurring the Edges " achieved Platinum sales , peaking at 22 on the " Billboard " 200 and 5 on the UK Albums Chart .	Plur
The S90 also includes standard GM presets .	Plur
The business unit of Accutone builds headsets for office and call centres , ranging from telephone connection to VoIP connection .	Plur
Diagonal bulkheads thick connected the barbettes to the side armor , but the bulkheads were only six inches thick at the lower deck level .	Plur
Freely Female : Women 's Sexual Fantasies , published by Ace Books ( USA ) 1972 .	Plur
The International Shorebird Survey in 1988 counted 155,000 shorebirds at Big Quill Lake .	Plur
This list includes conditional ( " " ) consecrations and cross-consecrations .	Plur
When he became Emperor Marcus Aurelius 's physician , he developed pharmaceutical concoctions made from wine known as theriacs .	Plur
The soils in the area includes loams , clay loams , and clays .	Plur
In 2017 , she coached sprinters and hurdlers at Coastal Carolina University .	Plur
MDA and EA repel mosquitos from feeding on humans , while EA and BA repel them from depositting eggs in water .	Plur
Woodlands Colliery once worked seams such as the Crane Vein inland of the village .	Plur
Other birds known to nest at the site include brown skuas , Cape petrels and snowy sheathbills .	Plur
On June 23 , 1913 , Baird married Georgia Hubbs in New York .	Plur
Later , Siti performed another three medleys consecutively , each with three songs , and each medley with its own storyline .	Plur
The house really gives him the creeps , but his parents seem oblivious to its even being there .	Plur
It places the Illyrians on the island of Korčula and is an insight into the Greeks setting up colonies throughout Dalmatia .	Plur
The Probation Department supervises juvenile and adult probationers .	Plur
In December , 1986 , Habré attacked the Libyans in the Tibesti region around Bardaï .	Plur
User can use hyperlinks available from the application to go to the artist , album and track website .	Plur
Standing before the guests of the ball , Georgia denounces O 'Rourke .	Plur
In the game , the player controls Porthos in an attempt to save his kidnapped companions .	Plur
Players move their Metal Walkers across the battlefield by hitting them into items , walls , or enemy Metal Walkers .	Plur
The Ghostbusters proton packs are also called particle throwers or unlicensed particle accelerators .	Plur
Hope Plaza , the facility holding the time portal has two large semicircles in its structure , presumably the accelerator itself .	Plur
In 2010 , Priya co-founded " Authors for Peace " .	Plur
All the multipurpose rooms have day cubbies storage closets .	Plur
It contains 12 meditations ( Religious sermons ) to refresh , lighten the spiritual vision of Catholics .	Plur
In the 2016 elections , Gobinda Chandra Naskar of Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Subhas Naskar of RSP .	Plur
NPB teams sent their high school draftees to Nomura 's Spurs for training .	Plur
He painted four great linens for the stations of the low cloister .	Plur
Since July 2009 , Cinebook Ltd has been publishing " Insiders " .	Plur
In the same year the former world champion Yelena Isinbayeva recorded 4.45 indoors .	Plur
Rabbits acquire RHD through oral , nasal or conjunctival pathways .	Plur
They have previously supported The Undertones , Electric 6 , Electric Eel Shock , Bad Manners , The Damned and Therapy ? .	Plur
Later that year , he entered the Sulpicians , and continued his studies at the Grand Seminary of Saint-Sulpice in Issy-les-Moulineaux , France .	Plur
Remington also sells flat irons .	Plur
Alternative titles include " Arabic 2 Maccabees " and " Arabic Maccabees " .	Plur
In 2009 , Edwards rejoined Eubanks as co-host of the Tournament of Roses Parade coverage on KTLA .	Plur
He also published " Sketches of the Life , Times , and Character of the Rt .	Plur
On 21 April , The French beat Colli at the Battle of Mondovì and soon afterward the Sardinian government sued for peace .	Plur
He also notes the wealthy landed often have substantial influence over politician and administrators at the state level .	Plur
At the 1889 World Fair in Paris , the Hardtmuth 's displayed their pencils rebranded as " Koh-I-Noor Hardtmuth " .	Plur
He plays draughts , and likes to watch Ghanaian comedies on television .	Plur
Originally teaching in Queens , he has two dojos located in Mt .	Plur
The 8th Rifle Corps surrounded about 1,500 Estonians retreating from the Tannenberg line in the Sinimäed Hills .	Plur
Villagers buried 273 dead Estonians in German uniform .	Plur
If insects are abundant , it will join mixed-species feeding flocks .	Plur
The second Baronet represented Elgin Burghs in the House of Commons between 1710 and 1713 .	Plur
It contains flavonol glycosides which may be helpful in treating addiction to opiates .	Plur
Lipsey earned his juris doctorate from the University of Michigan Law School and his bachelor 's degree from Kalamazoo College .	Plur
This digestive system inefficiency leads blue tangs to spend more time and resources on foraging on a very abundant and fast-growing food source in close proximity .	Plur
Injured blue tangs are found to spend more time in cleaning stations compared to those further along in the healing process .	Plur
Despite being a Gym Leader 's son , Ruby hates battling and prefers Pokémon Contests .	Plur
They produce daisy-like flowerheads from fern-like foliage .	Plur
Paul takes out his pistol and kills Vitali in self-defense .	Plur
Following the donation , the Kitchener Street rooms were named the Julian and Josie Robertson Galleries .	Plur
Most molybdenum- and tungsten-containing proteins have dithiolene-like moieties at their active sites , which feature the so-called molybdopterin cofactor bound to the Mo or W .	Plur
However , by the close of the Civil War , about a dozen African-Americans in New Jersey were still apprenticed freedmen .	Plur
Imus had infamously called the Rutgers University women 's basketball team nappy-headed hos , leading to his firing by two communications networks .	Plur
A bridge graft uses scions to ' bridge ' the gap .	Plur
Sheeler typically painted cityscapes and industrial architecture as exemplified by his painting " Amoskeag Canal " 1948 .	Plur
By 1997 Brazil purchased 128 Belgian Leopard 1s and 91 M60A3TTS , the last of which were delivered in 1999 .	Plur
Prior to the 1982 Lebanon War Israel fitted their Magach 6s providing them with Blazer explosive reactive armor ( ERA ) .	Plur
" It should cause second glances and spark buys . "	Plur
All three have good , stable jobs and lead carefree existences .	Plur
Tooker spent the late 1940s and early 1950s in Brooklyn .	Plur
Defeating certain enemies earns bonus points and multipliers , which combine to provide a bonus at the end of each life .	Plur
Napoleon attacked the Turkish beachheads and annihilated their army at Aboukir .	Plur
Teamsters soon joined the longshoremen in their walk-out .	Plur
He first approached RealNetworks in 2000 but left after only six weeks .	Plur
Several American craft breweries intentionally use " Brettanomyces " in their beers .	Plur
Some breweries use 100 % " Brettanomyces " for the fermentation of some of their beers , and omit " Saccharomyces " from the recipe .	Plur
He led the Tides to the International League playoffs in 2001 .	Plur
Individuals share the same organics within the secretions , but the concentrations of certain key compounds differ .	Plur
Overall , around 200,000 Germans left , most of them Transylvanian Saxons and Banat Swabians .	Plur
They subsequently recovered nine cremations , seven being urned , one being in a thin bronze bowl and the other being loose .	Plur
In August 1863 , the Courier reported " great exertions " being made towards the establishment of a National School for Toowoomba .	Plur
The hall has moulded concrete skirtings , rendered walls , timber plate rail , and sheet-and-battens ceiling .	Plur
In other Buddhist countries , different but related iconography is used , for example the mudras in Indian art .	Plur
Seconds later , Castillo knocked Corrales down again .	Plur
Early in the fourth round , Castillo knocked down Corrales with a left hook to his chin .	Plur
F1 racing uses tunnel hull catamarans that are capable of both high speed and exceptional manoeuvrability .	Plur
In some areas it produces natural blueberry barrens , where it is practically the only species covering large areas .	Plur
The crown also appoints two laymen as church estates commissioners , and the archbishop of Canterbury one .	Plur
She played as Willie the Waif in " The Waifs of New York . "	Plur
A couple 's divorce has profound reverberations for their entire extended family .	Plur
In 1932 , he began to write for children , first paperbacks like ‘ ’ Oded the Wanderer ’ ’ and then hardcover books .	Plur
The first series was also collected in Absolute Editions , oversized slipcased hardcovers with extras :	Plur
He co-authored " The Amphibians and Reptiles of Louisiana " ( ) , and also " The Garter Snakes : Evolution and Ecology " ( ) .	Plur
They are thus considered Polynesian outliers .	Plur
The last road work project was the rebuilding of the Rue des Bains in late 2004 .	Plur
Barker and Dobson , a local sweet manufacturer , introduced ' Everton Mints ' to honour Everton Football Club .	Plur
Due to lack of coverage around torso , arms , and legs , they can sustain scrapes and bruises very easily .	Plur
Other positions also include coordinators , production assistants and interns as may be needed for a specific project .	Plur
Guggenheim , who died a year later , disinherited Moyers from his will .	Plur
Breeds with red flowers attract hummingbirds and butterflies .	Plur
Godrich first worked with Radiohead when Leckie hired him to engineer two songs for their 1994 EP " My Iron Lung . "	Plur
He went on to engineer Radiohead 's second album " The Bends " ( 1995 ) , working under Leckie as producer .	Plur
Thus , verb infinitives like " matar " and " correr " in final position are normally pronounced and .	Plur
He blackmails the evildoers , even become accomplice to a crime , but at the same time , hates the criminals .	Plur
In 1958 Katz finally played the Catskills , an area where most of his peers made their start .	Plur
Like many other ECW employees , Knowles received several bounced paychecks as owner Paul Heyman 's debts began to spiral out of control .	Plur
Jefferson Hack invited the Magik Markers to perform live from Studio A at Abbey Road in London , as part of Nick Kent 's ShowStudio project .	Plur
It uses interior monologues in the style of many early noir detective films .	Plur
The event uses puzzle placards to lead attendees in a maze throughout the convention , and uses meta-puzzles to unite the puzzles into a final answer .	Plur
These annuities only amounted to $ 10.00 semi annually because of the dishonest handling of the funds .	Plur
While in The Apartments , Walsh briefly joined The Go-Betweens as guitarist when they were offered an 8-album contract by Beserkley Records .	Plur
In 2011 , she designed t-shirts for the Dyke March in Los Angeles .	Plur
In some countries only where a traffic sign so indicates .	Plur
In an ideal situation , there actually arise two " zippers " now :	Plur
After Diana 's death , Princes William and Harry selected mementos from their mother 's possessions .	Plur
Sagat then spent to years with Toronto 's American Hockey League affiliate , the Toronto Marlies .	Plur
A far greater number of enclosures , but also a few round mounds , have two dolmens or chambers .	Plur
Other massive stars include the yellow giant 45 Orionis and the variable KX Orionis .	Plur
After retiring from competitions he coached elite hammer throwers including Ivan Tsikhan and his son Sergey .	Plur
The Code of Canon Law , which binds Catholics of the Latin Church , inflicts censures for certain forbidden actions .	Plur
Also transit overflows of energy between systems of Center and North West is realized .	Plur
Rory Jennings , who plays Tommy Connolly , plays the teenage Davros in Big Finish Productions ' " " .	Plur
The Cybermen who took control of Torchwood confront the Daleks , offering an alliance .	Plur
In his next fight , Stitch , now ranked eighth in the world , fought Ralph Dupas at Freedom Hall in Louisville on October 7 , 1959 .	Plur
Rodriguez fought former World Welterweight Champion Virgil Akins at Freedom Hall in Louisville on July 6 , 1960 .	Plur
Deduct 10 % from this figure to account for the relatively heavy distortion encountered as the valve approaches cut-off .	Plur
The police could not find the bushrangers because they were badly led and they did not know how to live in the bush .	Plur
The agency also brings together policy-makers , social partners , researchers and practitioners to share ideas and debate the best ways to improve European VET policies .	Plur
In May 2004 , a report labeled ' Manifestations of antisemitism in the EU 2002 – 2003 ' was published .	Plur
By the end of 1999 , DWCL had produced nine Board placers .	Plur
China exported over 12,000 macaques for research in 2001 ( 4,500 to the U.S. ) , all from self-sustaining purpose-bred colonies .	Plur
The study includes isotopic and elemental proxies , sometimes termed sclerochemistry .	Plur
The rapper returned three years later with his second album , " Worst Fears Confirmed " , released in early 2006 .	Plur
During the operations , the Colombian Navy monitored over 400 watercraft near the coast of Somalia .	Plur
In 1887 he was created Baron Bowes , of Streatlam Castle and Lunedale , in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .	Plur
The telescope hosts HARPS , the High Accuracy Radial velocity Planet Searcher , the world 's foremost exoplanet hunter .	Plur
The death of university student Clea Rose following a police chase in Canberra sparked major recriminations over police pursuit policies .	Plur
" , and many others have car chases that are used for comedy .	Plur
He also promoted vocations , and ordained a total of 200 priests for the Archdiocese .	Plur
Arvin recognizes three delusions to the cluster :	Plur
When heated , MEA , being a rather weak base , will release dissolved HS or CO gas resulting in a pure MEA solution .	Plur
In addition to classes , a number of traditions create camaraderie and foster the intellectual formation of students .	Plur
Scarlet ejects from the SPV and the Angels destroy it before it reaches Nuclear City .	Plur
Companies had Sergeants , Furirs and Corporals in them .	Plur
With little other choice , Caledor assembled the greatest mages in Ulthuan and began to create the vortex .	Plur
Caledor II allowed the Dwarves to enter peacefully , but the Dwarves attacked instead .	Plur
They are called silver helms for their ilthilmar helmets , which they decorate with medals showing what monsters they 've slain and deeds they 've done .	Plur
The Elves can field powerful mages and archmages who know devastating spells , and who are equipped with magical talismans and artifacts .	Plur
The greenskins have invented or stolen many contraptions over time .	Plur
Two 350Zs competed in the series and MOLA won the both Drivers ' and Teams ' championships in the GT300 class .	Plur
In the final scene , the explorer must evade cannibals while attempting to get to a woman being lowered into a flaming cauldron .	Plur
Its real divisions then included the barrios of Ampid , Sta Ana , Guitnangbayan , Dulongbayan , Malanday , Guinayang and Maly .	Plur
A truly pioneer life was theirs as they moved many times from place to place , dependent upon who summoned the clergyman .	Plur
It currently has no natural outflows .	Plur
They include teapots and coffee pots as well as samovars , sugar bowls ; milk or cream jugs .	Plur
This allows specialized theorem provers called classifiers to analyze the various declarations between sets , subsets , and relations in a given model .	Plur
At one lecture , he condemned drunkenness and prostitution as alienating , degrading , and impoverishing .	Plur
Gavin has presented " Surprise Gardeners " , a Central TV series .	Plur
The southern coast contains two capes , each with a lighthouse ( Øknastangi on the south-east , Borðan on the south ) .	Plur
During the 1870s , she delivered short-stories , articles and serials to newspapers , signing with the pseudonyms " Tante Dorthe " or " E-e " .	Plur
He see two two separate therapists : Dr. John Lee in one reality , and Dr. Judith Evans in the other .	Plur
He see two two separate therapists : Dr. John Lee in one reality , and Dr. Judith Evans in the other .	Plur
Ludwig van Beethoven wrote 2 Preludes through all 12 Major Keys , Op .	Plur
Helena strongly favored his older brother Stavros and alternately ignored and belittled the more sensitive Stefan .	Plur
From 1952 to 1953 , Cardy assisted Warren Tufts on Tufts ' comic strip " Casey Ruggles " .	Plur
The site also provides " Social Opinions " which generated over 25,000 opinions daily in 2014 .	Plur
As a wild card entrant at the Washington ( D.C. ) Star Tournament , he upset top-ranked Eddie Dibbs .	Plur
In general appearance and habits it resembles other " Turdus " thrushes such as the American robin .	Plur
Such names allude to the sharp , spine-covered burrs characterizing the inflorescences of the members of the genus .	Plur
2003 – Tucson Sidewinders prospects earn the nickname " Baby ' Backs " with their relative youth and frequent call-ups to the major league club .	Plur
Also in 1946 , Wilcock published his " Los hermosos días " .	Plur
Æthelhard presided over at least eleven synods , and possibly one more .	Plur
After the court session , he accused Gunns and the politicians who approved the pulp mill of corruption .	Plur
In 1143 his daughter Bertha , later called Irene , married the Emperor Manuel I Komnenos of Byzantium ( c . 1120 – 1180 ) .	Plur
The ministers actually recommended Bayinnaung but the king rejected , saying that Bayinnaung was already his heir-apparent .	Plur
Along Coastal California , California ground squirrels ( " Spermophilus beecheyi " ) replace black-tailed jackrabbits ( which are scarce there ) as the primary prey species .	Plur
Castlewood Lake also has small cacti , bushes ( e.g.choke cherries , ' silverwood ' bushes ) , and wheat ( from a nearby farm ) .	Plur
Steroid-eluting sinus stents maybe used in addition to endoscopic sinus surgery .	Plur
Unlike the earlier 1.9 , the 2.0 also received hydraulic tappets .	Plur
Overcome by poverty some Belizeans became members of the larger gangs .	Plur
Conrad gave various tithes to Reichersberg , " except for the canonical portion of the parish priests " .	Plur
Video footage uploaded on the Internet shows rioters pushing police cars on their sides and setting an ambulance on fire .	Plur
The offences allegedly occurred between 1971 and 2004 and involve seven complainants who were aged between 12 and 27 at the time .	Plur
The description certainly matches Kells :	Plur
Up to October 1989 , the Local Government Commission under took reorganisations of local government .	Plur
Caligula extended official observances to five .	Plur
But predominant here are the dwarf shrub heaths and raised bogs ( " Hochmoore " ) .	Plur
29 December celebrates the Holy Innocents .	Plur
The 1929 crash brought the Roaring Twenties to a halt .	Plur
Anna herself also addressed these lapses , explaining them as a result of memory loss and old age .	Plur
In 2006 , she appeared alongside Academy Award winners Vanessa Redgrave and Maximilian Schell in the mini-series " The Shell Seekers " .	Plur
Its simplicity made rearrangements and orchestrations easy .	Plur
The elements in group 3 have an " ns " ( " n " − 1 ) " d " configuration .	Plur
This equation motivates the alternate unit name " joules per radian " .	Plur
Among the many latter-day British acts identified as having been inspired by the Clash are Babyshambles , the Futureheads , the Charlatans and Arctic Monkeys .	Plur
He recalled his schooldays as a time of great happiness , as is evident in his " " .	Plur
He is well known for his phrase , " where ignorance is bliss , ' tis folly to be wise . "	Plur
Examples of such properties include connectedness , compactness , and various separation axioms .	Plur
It explored West African polyrhythms , weaving these together with Arabic music from North Africa , disco funk , and " found " voices .	Plur
Medieval thinkers used abstract philosophical and logical categorizations more suited to abstract philosophy than to pragmatic taxonomy .	Plur
Montane voles are medium-sized voles , with a total length of , including the tail .	Plur
At least some of these glands produce unique fatty acid esters , that may function in species recognition .	Plur
White-throated woodrats typically use 2 types of shelter : houses , constructed at the base of plants , and dens in rock crevices .	Plur
In juniper woodlands in the high desert of southeastern Utah , white-throated woodrats occasionally denned under boulder crevices at the bases of vertical cliffs .	Plur
White-throated woodrats occasionally use river banks , subterranean areas , or caves for shelter .	Plur
White-throated woodrats also dwelled in subterranean burrows with as many as 8 openings , covered with a few small twigs , at the bases of honey mesquite .	Plur
After honey mesquite lost its leaves , white-throated woodrats subsisted on stored beans , bark , and stems .	Plur
Predators of white-throated woodrat include weasels ( " Mustela " spp .	Plur
In Patagonia it prefers clearings , road verges and scrubby areas .	Plur
Edward Alphonso Goldman described " Oryzomys bombycinus " in 1912 from four specimens from Panama .	Plur
Ronald Pine reviewed " Oryzomys bombycinus " in 1971 , when 59 specimens of it were known , and first recorded the species from Nicaragua and Ecuador .	Plur
Working with producer and fellow judge Randy Jackson ( The Jacksons ) .	Plur
The Japanese magazine " The World " considers Yan and his writings important setters of standard for Chinese literature and freedom of expression ] .	Plur
X chromosome inactivation occurs in the marsh rice rat , though the animal lacks LINE-1 retrotransposons , which have been suggested as components of the inactivation process .	Plur
While playing for APOEL , Tavares met Nilton Fernandes , who introduced him to Zlatko Zahovič , the director of football at the Slovenian football team Maribor .	Plur
In Maribor he and his wife founded a humanitarian and religious society Kairos which is responsible for helping the people in need .	Plur
In the winter they consume mostly succulents , in the spring they consume an even mix of succulents , non-succulents , and annual vegetation .	Plur
Their principle predators include skunks , snakes , owls , and ring-tailed cats .	Plur
Cotton mice use underground refuges such as stump holes , tree cavities , root boles , and burrows where they can avoid predators and wild fires .	Plur
Gentoo and chinstrap penguins have rookeries on the top of the island .	Plur
While they are primarily herbivores , silky mice sometimes consume cockroaches in the winter in order to supplement their diet .	Plur
It has huge boughs that are highly woody .	Plur
The ALMG have developed the most widely used orthographies for the Mayan languages .	Plur
The Mayan languages in Mexico use different orthographies developed by INALI .	Plur
The major problem occurred when bathers , jumping from the twelve-foot tower , sometimes missed the diving hole .	Plur
The dense vegetation surrounding the lake contains nightingales , blackcaps and marsh warblers hiding from sparrowhawks , goshawks , and tawny owls .	Plur
He has also represented the USA Tomahawks in rugby league .	Plur
You may have as many asses and mules as you need , however , and may keep a certain amount of livestock or poultry .	Plur
The squirrels make six distinct vocalisations : chirps , squeals , squawks , trills , growls , and teeth clattering .	Plur
In the springtime , a variety of wildflowers can also be seen including : violets , bluebells , spring beauties , Dutchman 's-breeches , and nodding trilliums .	Plur
Almost half of the sites have electric hookups and there are two shower houses which are open from May 1 through November 1 .	Plur
The park offers stoves and has shelters available by reservation for picnicking .	Plur
In its heyday , the Congress Theater could seat over 2,904 moviegoers .	Plur
Finally , when we had repulsed the enemy , they burned the food storehouses in several places , so there was now no food .	Plur
White puddings were once also associated with south-western England : Taylor , in the 17th century , mentions " the white puddings of Somersetshire " .	Plur
Players will mostly visit the many dolmens that are scattered across the map .	Plur
The first shot hit Pais in the right arm , where the bullet became lodged .	Plur
He acknowledged Samogitians for the Order ( 1420 ) .	Plur
formula _ 37 for formula _ 38 ) , a consequence of causality , imposes Kramers – Kronig constraints on the susceptibility formula _ 43 .	Plur
Early reconstructions showed mosasaurs with dorsal crests running the length of their bodies , which were based on misidentified remains of tracheal cartilage .	Plur
( 2011 ) , on the other hand , recovered hydropedal mosasaurs forming a clade that excluded their plesiopedal relatives .	Plur
( See September 25 ( Eastern Orthodox liturgics ) ) .	Plur
( Beat the Fascists wherever you meet them !	Plur
Arched portals cover entryways at the front and side .	Plur
The windows have multi-light uppers and single-light lowers .	Plur
His thesis at U. Maryland was " Taxes in a model of bank portfolio choice " .	Plur
The existing serials received several VHS and DVD releases as well as tie-in novels .	Plur
After going undrafted in the 2007 NBA draft , Calloway joined Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA Development League .	Plur
Shepard sends Bevans and Julian after Iris .	Plur
By lap four , Nys had joined Pauwels in the chase on Albert who had kept on widening the gap .	Plur
Television credits include Prisoners ' Wives , Tiger Aspect / BBC , Casualty and Doctor Who	Plur
Compulsory basic health insurance , the Swiss Accident Insurance Institution SUVA , the cantonal buildings insurers and the autonomous pension funds are not considered private insurers .	Plur
It represents its members ’ interests and concerns namely vis-à-vis economiesuisse , the Swiss Employers Confederation and the Swiss Chamber of Commerce .	Plur
With what constancy has he not refused all the solicitations , whether of friendship or of authority , that sought to take him away from us ?	Plur
He manumitted certain villeins and their children .	Plur
Fiona also co-wrote " 40 Ans de Musique au Gibus " , which chronicles four decades of seminal musical acts at the famous Paris nightclub .	Plur
One day , while drinking , he approached Coggins and struck him repeatedly with his fists and his pistol barrel .	Plur
At this point the river is commonly called the Isis .	Plur
Itzam K 'an Ahk I commissioned Panels 4 and 7 .	Plur
When the user exits the toll lane , the OBU emits a second single high beep .	Plur
Joe Marshall and Joe Truttman would often sit in with Steve Strayhorn in the band the Choozy Mothers until Steve died .	Plur
The PUCMM received the 2 Palmes ranking which represents a Good business school with regional influence .	Plur
She also dislikes sea cucumbers for unclear reasons , and her favorite color is Marine blue .	Plur
In season 7 , Wheeler temporarily leaves MCS to go to Europe , where she teaches a course on American police procedure .	Plur
In 2004 , NCSoft launched two MMORPGs , " Lineage II " and " City of Heroes " .	Plur
" Rolling Stone " placed " Wildflowers " at number 12 on their list of the best albums of the 1990s .	Plur
The school 's alumni include more than eight congressmen and thirty college presidents .	Plur
The Royal Australian Air Force also operated a few Kingfishers from shore bases .	Plur
Australia received 18 Kingfishers from a batch of aircraft ordered by the Dutch East Indies that was diverted to Australia in 1942 .	Plur
In 2005 , he married Donna Kennedy Sones of Jackson , Mississippi .	Plur
It has five wildlife refuges .	Plur
Veronica asks Vice Principal Clemmons about who might have known her mom in high school .	Plur
When demon Shumbha challenges Durga to a single combat , she absorbs the Matrikas in herself and says that they are her different forms .	Plur
The text paradoxically describes the Matrikas as being created by various gods like Brahma , Vishnu , Shiva , Indra as well as being their mothers .	Plur
Nepali Buddhists worship the Matrikas as described in Dharanisamgrahas .	Plur
Newar Buddhists associate the Matrikas with 24 human qualities , which can mastered by visiting three sets of eight Matrika " pitha " s .	Plur
" Thunder Force II " also introduced the CRAW add-ons ; small pods which revolve around the ship .	Plur
Vodafone Greece sent firmware dumps of the affected exchanges to Ericsson for analysis .	Plur
The backwards trunk lurch persists throughout the stance to maintain the gravitational force line behind the hip axis locking the hip into extension .	Plur
She married Frederick Clayton Letts , Jr . , on February 5 , 1916 and the couple divorced on November 12 , 1930 .	Plur
In 2007 , she translated Elizabeth Swados ' " " from English .	Plur
It won ' Best Graphics ' in the G-Phoria 2009 Awards .	Plur
They also published several pulp hero or character pulps .	Plur
Currently , IPIM manages four ETFs listed in Indonesia Stock Exchange , which are :	Plur
Metal fans often wear t-shirts with the emblem of bands .	Plur
This insight led Moraes to think about practical exercises where a shared resource base , activity , and the need for analytical thought would stimulate organizational consciousness .	Plur
Several of the group create loud distractions in other parts of the Abbey as Clive goes underground and grabs Berengaria 's body .	Plur
Kanpur Central electric loco shed accommodates WAP-4 and WAG-7 electric locos .	Plur
For two years in a row ( 2011 and 2012 ) , Akili Academy had the highest-performing third graders in the Recovery School District on the iLEAP .	Plur
Females have dark greyish or blackish forewings often mottled with whitish markings on the basal half .	Plur
Other segments include playing charades , Catchphrase , Pictionary , or other family style games .	Plur
In 1971 , as Christine Tranter , she won the AAAs Under 17 800 metres title .	Plur
The same year , Brooks acquired Nexus Biosystems , which produced compound and sample management systems .	Plur
After rebuilding the Monolith with the rocks he made , Flint joins Tess on the trawler .	Plur
The Jamaican Fire Brigade operates several fireboats of Jamaica .	Plur
In 2018 the Fire Brigade acquired two new fireboats .	Plur
He painted the mural " Apotheosis of Guayaquil " on the ceiling of the City Hall , which portrays past and present iconic figures from Guayaquilean history .	Plur
The hospital therefore hired Brahmin cooks and allowed relatives in rooms with patients .	Plur
The South Cape Mendocino area and its rock cliffs and pebble beaches draws windsurfers , tidepooling and wildlife viewing opportunities .	Plur
The " Southwest Chinese Journal " once served ethnic Chinese Houstonians .	Plur
Burma reed reproduces by seed and through underground stems called rhizomes .	Plur
This method requires highly qualified applicators who can target the herbicide to avoid damage to native plants , and may not be cost effective for extensive infestations .	Plur
Primary industries include lead for 2H pencils and Spoon Handles	Plur
In 2009 , she presented " How Art Gives Shape to Cultural Change " at the TED conference 's 25th anniversary gathering in Palm Springs , California .	Plur
H. B. Pearson led signallers to hold the Sarkai ridge and set up heliographs to communicate with the troops left in Jamrud .	Plur
Tom Knibbs and Jim Dygas started Urban Accents in 1996 , and the company has experienced double digit growth annually .	Plur
Lindström later joined The Hellacopters after the band 's grammis award-winning debut album " Supershitty to the Max ! "	Plur
As the title proclaims , it contains b-sides and rarities from the group 's career .	Plur
In February 2008 Academic Learning Company , LLC added a new division , WBusiness Speakers .	Plur
Smaller cable companies in the U.S. and Canada offer TiVo DVRs and TiVo Mini extenders directly to their paid TV customers .	Plur
He was president of the Comité des forges and also of the Union des syndicats de l 'électricité .	Plur
As recently at 1998 , herpetologist Hal Cogger observed more than 80 forest skinks basking and foraging around a single fallen tree .	Plur
At the end of " Show Stoppers " , Jimmy receives wooden prosthetics resembling his claw hands from Elsa 's former lover , Massimo Dolcefino .	Plur
The basin contains three large successions of sediments .	Plur
Living off various hoaxes and frauds , he there collected 5.764 Dutch guilders from a bank using a false promissory note from Duchess of Kingston .	Plur
These include " Enzyme Preparations , " " Food Starch , " and " Spice Oleoresins . "	Plur
It illustrates the resourcefulness of pioneer communities in providing for their needs with limited resources .	Plur
The law prohibits insurers from capping their liability for a person 's health care needs , a move expected to rectify medically induced bankruptcy .	Plur
In 1990 , Kochan researched a " Despatches " programme for Channel Four about the Guinness affair .	Plur
Habitats include pine flatwoods , prairie hammock and seasonal wetlands .	Plur
In 1921 he published " The Norse discoverers of America " .	Plur
Its span elliptical wing employs rounded wingtips and fixed slots in the outer portion of the wing and dive brakes .	Plur
The band 's sound has been compared to Built to Spill , The New Pornographers , and Superchunk .	Plur
Round 5 and 6 saw Jefferies on pole again in dominant fashion and winning both races to clinch the overall championship .	Plur
Caleb previously performed with the Jazz Fusion band The Funky Knuckles based in Dallas .	Plur
The village of Leetonia developed the Cherry Valley Coke Ovens Park on the site .	Plur
Oscar Wilde read " Footsteps of Fate " and was touched by it .	Plur
At the age of 20 she joined the Wesleyans .	Plur
Bat tails provide looseness for rail to rail transitions .	Plur
From the conception of the modern bodyboard in 1971 , bodyboarding has experienced spurts of rapid growth both as an industry and extreme sport .	Plur
After his death it changed to , and remained in the hands of , the Bishops of Lincoln from 1092 until the reign of Edward VI .	Plur
This gave the old fishing boats their " Red Sails in the Sunset " , but the purpose was to protect the canvas from sea water .	Plur
The larger Avco Records soon signed the Stylistics , and the single eventually climbed to No .	Plur
In May 2003 Arnhem Appeals Court acquitted 36-year-old André de Vries of arson .	Plur
Previously , Panic had allowed tapers to use audience recording devices to simulcast live shows to fans via the internet .	Plur
Having reached their seventies and early eighties , their books " Soviet Communism : A New Civilisation ? "	Plur
Manichaeanism also informs West 's political propensities .	Plur
To appease them , Sullivan included lengthy rebuttals from 19 writers and contributors .	Plur
While this had little effect on either company , it gravely damaged the independent automakers .	Plur
One end of the arena contains the bucking chutes from which the bulls are released .	Plur
The Russian authorities accused the Chechens of using the hostages as human shields .	Plur
Airborne Troops have received new technology military binoculars .	Plur
During his career as judge , he headed many Panels , tribunals and Commissions of Inquiry .	Plur
Her work was entitled Synthesis of ABC Block Copolymers .	Plur
The development saw a re-located Woolworths , a brand new Aldi along with 15 new specialty stores .	Plur
They have two English cream golden retrievers , Natasha and Boris .	Plur
Crews has also published successful handbooks for college writers , such as " The Random House Handbook " .	Plur
This practice not only keeps the Pashtuns informed of their valued culture and customs but also apprise other nations of this unique heritage .	Plur
The song also samples bird chirps from Don Robertson 's " Why " and a vocal sample from Biz Markie 's " Nobody Beats the Biz " .	Plur
Looking into the shadows , she witnesses " Dream Coffins , " each containing a sleeping child .	Plur
Most of the fields in the area are currently growing alfalfa or sugar beets .	Plur
smoothed particle hydrodynamics , or any other useful function .	Plur
Abbotsbury Road often has Hedge Sparrows and Blackbirds in the hedges , along with Garden Spiders and Great Green Bush Crickets .	Plur
Each one of these extreme views , limits and binds the open , unbounded spaciousness of the natural mind .	Plur
" Live at the Wiltern ( All-American Rejects album )	Plur
Assunção faced Marlon Moraes on June 3 , 2017 at UFC 212 .	Plur
This made minor savers , people with their money tied up in government bonds , or people holding higher-value banknotes relatively poor .	Plur
Furthermore , parasites take up glycogen and lipids from the hepatopancreas .	Plur
The course featured parallel fairways , small greens , and incorporated the natural terrain into course design .	Plur
This would have allowed the placoderms to invest more time and energy in producing and nurturing fewer , but more developed , offspring .	Plur
Peter Syslo of Infernal Dreams wrote , " " Coons ! "	Plur
They also made fire hydrants and hand fire pumpers .	Plur
Lora Constantine quotes “ Blackfriars , as the name implies , has quite a lot to do with friars .	Plur
With Marsha Kinder , he founded and edited " Dreamworks " .	Plur
Once elected , many deputies form voting blocs in the National Assembly .	Plur
Other crops include avocados and peaches and there is some honey and other bee products now produced as a consequence of the flower trade .	Plur
Rescue submersibles and parachute rescuers were deployed .	Plur
Wheat , sugar beets and beans are the representative crops .	Plur
Bassui related the bodhisattvas of Mahayana Buddhism to names for the nature of the mind :	Plur
It features hand claps and whistles , as well as ad-libs and verses from Dupri and Fat Man Scoop .	Plur
Arterial bleeding can cause the most dangerous hematomas , as they can lead to dyspnea .	Plur
A facelift requires skin incisions ; however , the incisions in front of and behind the ear are usually inconspicuous .	Plur
Each year a game was chosen and contestants submitted specialized automated bots to play against other competing bots .	Plur
The policemen erected watchtowers and conducted frequent patrols in search of the guerillas .	Plur
The Korean Series involved the SK Wyverns playing against the Doosan Bears in a best of 7 series ( see : Korea Series ) .	Plur
He also re-joined former Grêmio coach Mano Menezes , winning 2008 Brazilian second level with " Timão " and returned to the top division .	Plur
The FDA gives separate definitions and prefers PFS .	Plur
He opposed Gallicanism , the Gallican Liberties demanded by the French king .	Plur
Shelfari users build virtual bookshelves of the titles they own or have read , and can rate , review , tag , and discuss their books .	Plur
In the end , pitching failed the Redbirds .	Plur
" Rivals.com " listed Mays as the No .	Plur
The San Francisco 49ers selected Mays in the second round ( 49th overall ) of the 2010 NFL Draft .	Plur
On March 11 , 2014 , the Bengals re-signed Mays .	Plur
As a crystallization modifier , they can prevent syrups from forming crystals of sugar .	Plur
It has an interchange with US 41 / US 70S / SR 1 ( N Lowry Street ) on the southern edge of Smyrna Airport .	Plur
In the fall of 2005 , Jordan left The All-American Rejects for undisclosed reasons .	Plur
Coincidentally or not , Swedes attacked the Novgorodians in the same year as well .	Plur
Korela accompanied Novgorodians for yet another attack against the Yem in 1191 .	Plur
It has also held many high school graduations .	Plur
It has also held many high school graduations .	Plur
Other birds nesting at the site include brown skuas , southern giant petrels , Wilson 's storm petrels , Antarctic terns and kelp gulls .	Plur
Other notable passerine species found in the park and IBA include blue-headed and red-eyed vireos , Acadian and least flycatchers .	Plur
But can the djinn twins stop Iblis now he has awoken the ancient warriors of a long-dead emperor from their sleep ?	Plur
When Bramhall was 18 , he toured with Jimmie Vaughan 's band , the Fabulous Thunderbirds .	Plur
Other birds known to nest on the island include imperial shags , snow petrels and kelp gulls .	Plur
In addition to the band 's hits , the album also had the new song " Guys from our neighborhood " ( ) .	Plur
Lamborghini produced one hundred-twenty 350 GTs before replacing it with the Lamborghini 400 GT in 1966 .	Plur
Such displays use voxels instead of pixels .	Plur
In 1949 , Kaiser-Frazer introduced the Vagabond and Traveler hatchbacks .	Plur
Most popular monocular sizes mimic popular binoculars – e.g .	Plur
She points out the unfairness of the necessity for women and minorities to have that attitude in some fields .	Plur
For an exhibition in the Millennium Dome the company made 3.75 million pencils , recycled from plastic cups .	Plur
Once the fuse is triggered , a small clearing charge is fired that clears any debris that may be on top of the mine .	Plur
These EGBU-15s sealed flaming oil pipeline manifolds sabotaged by Saddam Hussein 's troops .	Plur
On 9 August he reached Helsingfors .	Plur
The Grand Senussi 's grandson became king Idris of Libya in 1951 .	Plur
The American fighters shot down three Fiat biplanes , but two of the P-38s did not return to base .	Plur
The main attack first engaged the Neapolitans in a musketry duel then stormed forward to capture one of the redoubts .	Plur
The 78th Foot and elements of the 1 / 58th Foot and 1 / 81st Foot reinforced the Corsicans and they drove off the Poles .	Plur
The British brigadier moved the flankers of the 5th Foot and the 20th Foot 's light company to check the progress of the enemy skirmishers .	Plur
programs received theirs from the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education ( NCATE ) .	Plur
Through her costumes , Arndt created playful reinterpretations of such feminine tropes as the widow , socialite , and a little girl .	Plur
Nor does " C. intestinalis " have any reddish colour associated with its buccal siphon .	Plur
His teacher , Peter Bruce , had left Fraser bagpipes in Bruce 's will .	Plur
Jean-Claude Thibaut has directed Catherine Zeta-Jones , Sophie Marceau and Naomi Campbell among others … Thibaut collaborates recurrently with Dior and Louis Vuitton .	Plur
He played Mr Diagoras and the Dalek Sec Hybrid in the long-running British TV series " Doctor Who " .	Plur
He deliberately used the " parrots " because the two parrots used to be the coat-of-arms of the Comitopuli House .	Plur
Hit fuel dumps , locomotives , and other targets in support of ground forces during the breakthrough at Saint-Lô in July .	Plur
In October and November , the band supported The All-American Rejects on their Tournado 2006 tour in the US .	Plur
Also , a select number of premium restaurantiers have established taverns , pubs and cafes in recent years .	Plur
An elected official , he realized even greater inequities in services given to his Navajo constituents .	Plur
King 's Department Stores Inc . ( later renamed KDT Industries , Inc ) acquired the financially ailing Barkers for $ 30 million in August 1980 .	Plur
These products include True Professional sewing shears , utility knives , chef shears , hobby knives and craft implements .	Plur
This has attracted forgers , however , most forgeries are easily identified by comparison with a genuine stamp .	Plur
The station serves the greater Tri-Cities , Washington , area .	Plur
A January 2001 internal restructuring had Clear Channel Broadcasting Licenses , Inc . , apply to transfer the broadcast license to Capstar TX Limited Partnership .	Plur
At , he defeated Rodolfo Marques via unanimous decision in the semifinal round .	Plur
Antimicrobial options include penicillinase-resistant penicillins ( ex : cloxacillin , dicloxacillin ) or a combination of a penicillin and a beta-lactamase inhibitor .	Plur
Riverside 8th graders writing scores were below Lackawanna County 's average from 2006 through 2009 .	Plur
Since 2008 , Pennsylvania has tested 4th , 8th and 11th graders for science proficiency .	Plur
In 1933 , the State of California bought Point Lobos and formed a state park .	Plur
The Ohlone people harvested shellfish including abalone from the waters around Point Lobos .	Plur
Also the Progressive Conservatives of Brian Mulroney introduced the Goods and Sales Tax ( GST ) in Canada to replace the manufacturing sales tax .	Plur
Concerns over proposed rollover standards caused many automakers to phase out their pillarless hardtops and convertibles throughout the 1970s , and the Cutlass was no exception .	Plur
Application of a stress favors some conformations over others , so the molecules of the polymer will gradually " flow " into the favored conformations over time .	Plur
Love imparts to all things the right measure and directs them all to the last end .	Plur
In 2005 , Retro Gamer called Snes9x " the best SNES emulator available " .	Plur
Ellis also acknowledges early 20th century therapists , particularly Paul Charles Dubois , though he only read his work several years after developing his therapy .	Plur
He wrote 4 Operas , 2 Oratorios , 7 Cantatas , 13 Symphonies and 18 Concertos for different instruments .	Plur
He joined Swiss club La Chaux-de-Fonds in June 2018 .	Plur
Rehearsing in air-conditioned rooms had given him laryngitis .	Plur
Other bacterial homologues have 7 TMSs as do most eukaryotic proteins in this family .	Plur
Close PnuC homologues are found in a wide range of Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria , archaea and eukaryotes .	Plur
Nearby , searchers also found Harkins ' and Cooper 's pet dog , who had been shot to death as well .	Plur
Van Giffen also performed archaeological digs in the city centres of Amsterdam and Groningen .	Plur
On November 18 , 2000 , Michael Douglas married Welsh actress Catherine Zeta-Jones and , despite a 25-year age difference , were considered a supercouple .	Plur
In 2012 in Hereford the Three Choirs Festival Youth Choir premiered " Centuries of Meditation " , a setting by Dobrinka Tabakova of words by Thomas Traherne .	Plur
He led the Voortrekkers in many skirmishes against the natives of Southern Africa during their trek into the unknown .	Plur
He later formed the Dili Allstars with Colin Buckler ( of the band Painters and Dockers ) .	Plur
" Freelancer " s economy consists of buying and selling spacecraft , their armaments and components , and commodities .	Plur
The activated gates suck the Nomads to an unknown location , and the Order watches over the gates for their return .	Plur
In January 1977 , the Navy introduced the first of its Improved Capability ( ICAP ) version Prowlers .	Plur
Rupp left Redlands to return to Harvard as Assistant and then Associate Professor of Theology in the Divinity School .	Plur
However some drummers remove the rivets from a swish , or add them to a pang , to create intermediate sounds .	Plur
And he carved figureheads for the gun-ships ( " Benjamin Franklin " , 1815 , U.S .	Plur
In 1973 , the Supreme Court substantially overturned " Ahrens " , ruling similarly to how Rutledge would have .	Plur
Since 1946 the HI network of Youth Hostels has recorded over 1.6 billion overnights .	Plur
Lyons succeeded Dykes as the White Sox manager in May after an apparent contract dispute between Dykes and Grace Comiskey .	Plur
The calamitous change of fortune suggested in the chronology of Shakespeare ’ s plays coincides with Neville 's imprisonment for treason in 1601 .	Plur
Joyner taught some 15,000 stylists over her fifty-year career .	Plur
Bold indicates crisps that qualified .	Plur
Bold indicates crisps that qualified .	Plur
Bold indicates crisps that proceeded .	Plur
IRS impersonation scams involve scammers targeting American taxpayers by pretending to be Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) collection officers .	Plur
On February 10 , 2015 , RG released the EP Lightning Strikes .	Plur
They also both edited their Twitter bios to say , " 1 / 2 of Twenty88 , " suggesting that Aiko and Sean formed the duo .	Plur
The Katangese made further provocations and , in response , ONUC launched Operation Unokat to dismantle Katangese roadblocks and seize strategic positions around Élisabethville .	Plur
Monopersonal verbs include two declensions , one with the third-person singular in " ɣa- ... -lin , " and the other in " n- ... -qin .	Plur
Through partial winding roads arise magnificent outlooks on surrounding nature .	Plur
Snowfall occasionally settles in areas 400 m above sea level , such as Taihape .	Plur
He fasted and consumed amphetamines to focus his creativity on the novel .	Plur
Phase 1 will connect the downtowns of San Francisco , Los Angeles , and Anaheim using high-speed rail through the Central Valley .	Plur
On English auctions for example , the price goes up in 1 pence ( 0.01 GBP ) increments .	Plur
Once again free , he possessed the Reavers and attempted to attack the X-Men .	Plur
He received 3000 guilders for 2 books of his Italian drawings , that according to Houbraken	Plur
Their Beaux Arts designs were restrained complements to the Capitol .	Plur
Their Beaux Arts designs were restrained complements to the Capitol .	Plur
Indigenous tribes leave the Philippine tarsiers in the wild because they fear that these animals could bring bad luck .	Plur
Synonyms include " Archangelica officinalis " Hoffm .	Plur
" " , released in 2008 , followed " B " Company 's escapades and their search for hidden gold .	Plur
Graters produce shreds that are thinner at the ends than the middle .	Plur
The first two ( As , Sb ) are also considered metalloids but the terms semimetal and metalloid are not synonymous .	Plur
German agents had successfully converted many Paraguayans to the Axis cause .	Plur
Morse married Elizabeth Ann Finley Breese after starting as pastor in Charlestown .	Plur
Players can also call Minions to the battle .	Plur
Also , during the course of the series , Alden must prove his trustworthiness and love for Yaya Dub by overcoming several obstacles .	Plur
In March 1998 , the Class 87s were replaced by English Welsh & Scottish Class 90s .	Plur
The Criminal Finances Act 2017 enables a British court to issue an unexplained wealth order to compel someone to reveal the sources of their unexplained wealth .	Plur
These viewing systems include binocular microscopes , night vision devices or goggles ( NVGs ) , and head-mounted displays ( HMDs ) .	Plur
The Human Rights Act 1998 incorporates into English law article 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights , which defines the right to life as follows :	Plur
Freight equipment includes wood Freight Motor # 42 ( 1908 Niles ) and wood Freight Trailer # 464 ( home-built by LSE in 1919 ) .	Plur
In 1975 he met Paulo Miklos , a classmate at Colégio Equipe .	Plur
The station therefore serves trekkers and mountaineers .	Plur
Two-member pop music bands such as Soft Cell , Blancmange , Yazoo and Erasure used pre-programmed sequencers .	Plur
Vous n 'avez jamais , je gage " in Act 2 ' for her .	Plur
The climb crosses large crevasses , and involves risks of ice and rock falls , avalanches and rapidly changing weather conditions .	Plur
In 1982 , he co-founded the Ludwig von Mises Institute in Auburn , Alabama and was vice president of academic affairs until 1995 .	Plur
The Mount has Canada Research Chairs in Gender Identity and Social Practices as well as Food Security and Policy Change .	Plur
John McIntosh discovered the original McIntosh sapling on his Dundela farm in Upper Canada in 1811 .	Plur
All machine-gun-armed A7V tanks carried two small flame throwers for their dismounts to use .	Plur
The Italian , Spanish and Swedish armies are adopting ( and exporting ) new indigenous-produced tracked IFVs .	Plur
The 6800 had two accumulators and a 16-bit index register .	Plur
Gary Daniels was designing ICs for electronic wristwatches when Motorola shut down their Timepiece Electronics Unit .	Plur
Our hands will never wear shackles again . "	Plur
They also encouraged all the South Sudanese and Sudanese " diaspora congregations " in the United States to join , wherever possible , ACNA .	Plur
Each house has 2 sub-classes called homerooms .	Plur
In addition to coasters , the firm constructed mill chutes , and domed roof buildings for carousels and dance pavilions .	Plur
Daine finds the Hyenas and transforms into one .	Plur
Romano ( Richard Lynch ) orders the " Savages " to leave town .	Plur
Apple later transitioned the Macintosh from the earlier classic Mac OS to Mac OS X .	Plur
The advent of file system links in Windows Vista and up has made shell link folders less useful .	Plur
Dio Cassius mentions " revels and drinking parties by night in the Forum and even upon the Rostra " ( " Roman History " 55.10 ) .	Plur
This form of civil union would replace the PACS symbolically .	Plur
In 1996 , he reconstructed and directed the mime scenes for the Royal Shakespeare Company 's production of " Les Enfants du Paradis " .	Plur
There he published his " Sketches from the Estate " , praised for being ' true to the Orthodox tradition ' by Konstantin Leontyev .	Plur
His lower part is shaggy like a cat . ” After a brief litany-like dialogue between the cat and the cult members , the meeting ends .	Plur
VarPhonex enables resellers to sell SIP Termination , SIP Trunking , International DID numbers and other VoIP services under their brand name .	Plur
An interior court originally featured three skylights which provided natural light to the first floor postal workroom below .	Plur
The building retains its original pink granite curbs and steps .	Plur
The following month the ship then once again joined the Arctic Convoys , escorting Convoy PQ18 .	Plur
In the 1920s , Durham Duplex manufactured safety razors in part of the building .	Plur
Some ideas included the " Spies " , " Americans " and " Eagles " .	Plur
This family contains acyltransferases involved in phospholipid biosynthesis and proteins of unknown function .	Plur
Ask your young fry what they think of them . "	Plur
Les Affaires , TechVibes and the EdTech Review .	Plur
New cathode materials investigated or proposed include zirconium disulfide , cobalt ( II , III ) oxide , tungsten selenide , vanadium pentoxide and vanadate based cathodes .	Plur
Albert Auguste Gicquel des Touches ( 10 April 1818 in Brest – 18 May 1901 in Versailles ) was a French naval officer .	Plur
Hiranyakasipu was troubling the Devas as he got a boon from Brahma that no human can kill him .	Plur
The Leeds and Liverpool Canal and its Rufford branch run through the parish , and the associated listed structures include culverts , locks and bridges .	Plur
A substation typically supplies 3 – 30 feeders .	Plur
It covers alcohol interlocks intended to be used in programmes for drink driving offenders as well as in programmes monitored or controlled in a comparable way .	Plur
This European Standard describes alcohol interlocks used as a general preventive measure in traffic safety as well as in drink driving offender programmes .	Plur
He led the Jackrabbits to a significant improvement , as he compiled records of 14 – 11 , then 17 – 7 in his two seasons .	Plur
Examples of volatile anthropogenic chemicals include the refrigerants chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) and hydrofluorocarbons ( HCFCs ) .	Plur
The film collected 52 Lakhs in the opening week and has failed to impress audience .	Plur
She also carries the Mk-32 Surface Vessel Torpedo Tubes ( SVTT ) , which can be used as an anti-submarine weapon .	Plur
This forms daughter zooids by budding and the colony grows by asexual reproduction .	Plur
They were both mid-wing monoplanes with angular flying surfaces , including cantilever wings and wire-braced tailplanes , and with fixed , cantilever tail wheel undercarriages .	Plur
For the post office in Dunkirk , Indiana Foy painted " Preparations for Autumn Festival , Dunkirk " in 1941 .	Plur
Reed sold his first PDFs from philipjreed.com and under the imprint Spider Bite Games .	Plur
Tidball 's Cthulhu-influenced " Cults Across America " ( 1998 ) had been part of Atlas 's releases in the board and card game market .	Plur
He designed the MMORPGs " City of Heroes " and " City of Villains " .	Plur
The areas surrounding the river include landscaped promenades and large sculptures .	Plur
Many states have interpreted their ERAs as prohibiting sex discrimination performed by private entities as well as state actors , extending the scope of protection .	Plur
Fewer states have interpreted their ERAs as mandating a degree of protection more closely resembling the federal guarantees against sex discrimination .	Plur
Tree species include hickories , red maple , and tuliptree ( " Liriodendron tulipifera " ) .	Plur
In 1887 , the Hospitals Association over-ruled the matrons and established a non-statutory voluntary register .	Plur
On December 23 , 2011 , Fox Searchlight sent screeners of the film to AMPAS members .	Plur
( See Dualism -- Arguments Against ) .	Plur
Prior to his first-class debut , Harrison represented England Under-19s , making his Youth Test match debut against South Africa Under-19s in 2004 .	Plur
They regarded the corms as the sweetest-tasting of the lily and lily-like Australian plants .	Plur
Standard Belgian ambulances only have EMTs and / or nurses on board and only provide basic life support .	Plur
It includes the Double Haven islets and Yan Chau Tong Marine Park .	Plur
By familiarizing themselves with multicultural songs , 21st-century Christians can have rarely experienced outlooks from the globally expansive Christian society .	Plur
Among these types of foods are pig knuckles and intestines which are known as “ chitlins ” .	Plur
Her dissertation was titled " Relationships Between Generalizing and Justifying : Students ’ Reasoning with Linear Functions . "	Plur
It contained 70 seamounts , a fifth of the known Tasmanian seamounts , all of which were low-trawl areas and thus still in relatively unaffected form .	Plur
Those who remained underground became the Morlocks .	Plur
He published cartoon tabloids named " Rongo Byango " and " Byango Jagat " during the later part of his life .	Plur
This section gives the declensions of Polish pronouns .	Plur
For information on meanings and usage , see " Pronouns " in the article on Polish grammar .	Plur
It includes 0.4 to 3.5-kg cleavers , knives for butchering , knives and spatulas for kitchens and bakeries , cheese knives , carving forks and bonding knives .	Plur
Maroubra has some large parklands , the most popular being the reserve along the waterfont at Maroubra Beach , called Arthur Byrne Reserve .	Plur
In 1870-72 , John Marius Wilson in the " Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales " described Abbotts Worthy as :	Plur
The line had eleven halts which largely served visitors visiting the coast or travelling to swim off the beaches around Westward Ho ! .	Plur
Residents construct themed scarecrows and place them outside their houses for a week while there are various fundraising events held .	Plur
In the meantime , he joined Nestler Boilers , which was a Parsi-owned firm .	Plur
The role as Dave Sullivan won him five Silver Logies .	Plur
In 1075 , Venice expelled the Normans and secured the cities for itself .	Plur
Zvonimir aided the Normans under Robert Guiscard in their struggle against the Byzantine Empire and Venice between 1081 and 1085 .	Plur
His troops assisted the Normans in many battles along the Albanian and Greek coast .	Plur
Three days later he joined " the Tangerines " on loan until the end of the season .	Plur
Cast aside by her businessman husband Tjeng , in favour of his work , Jeassea yearns for a more meaningful life .	Plur
The school maintains excellent percentiles in the New York State Regents exams — particularly in the fields of English , Social Studies , and Humanities .	Plur
Or , a kid rampant Sable , langued Gules , horned and lined Argent . "	Plur
The rebuild would see ninth graders held at their feeder middle schools until construction is completed in 2016 .	Plur
The displaced tenants were offered crofts , with some shared grazing , in the coastal regions .	Plur
The Song Dynasty also produced exquisite ceramic teapots and tea bowls in glowing glazes of brown , black and blue .	Plur
He also published " Aerodynamics for Soaring Pilots " for the Gliding Club of Victoria .	Plur
Nitrogen derivates such a amides , nitriles , imines , and most other organonitrogen compounds are reduced to the corresponding amines .	Plur
By this time , Yeager 's confession had mobilized vigilantes against Plummer and his key associates , deputies Buck Stinson and Ned Ray .	Plur
The larvae probably feed on " Helianthemum " species and / or " Artemisia campestris " .	Plur
In widowhood she launched the successful C. L. Innes and Company , in partnership with her eldest son Charles Lewis Innes .	Plur
Mary Jane Lewis married Scotsman Charles Innes in Auckland in 1874 .	Plur
Both are educated well-groomed lads of more earthy parents .	Plur
The Private company provided modern facilitates like LCD TVs , WiFi internet , Water dispensers and lavish food on train first time in Pakistan .	Plur
released The Bad Examples , Element of Crime or 1993 the first album of Oval .	Plur
When these winds or eruptions are pointed or directed at the Earth , they can spark up sun-induced auroras .	Plur
The nervous system has ganglia .	Plur
Zephyr betrayed the other Elementals and allied with the Living Mummy .	Plur
During the " Dark Reign " storyline , Quasimodo researched the Elementals alongside other villains for Norman Osborn .	Plur
Until the 2010 census and subsequent redistricting , voters in this district selected three Delegates every four years to represent them in the Maryland House of Delegates .	Plur
1 ranking in the Boys ' Singles 12s , 16s , and 18s divisions .	Plur
The governing Liberal party would change Cabinets , and see its popular support decline .	Plur
This reaction requires cobalamin as a cofactor .	Plur
The structure drawing ( top right ) shows the DETA moieties in blue and the epichlorohydrin moieties in red .	Plur
I played ' Janis ' and ' Tennessee Stud ' and then I walked off the stage .	Plur
It also featured active differentials , a first for a rally car .	Plur
They found very dense shoals of rockfish floating over Bowie 's flat-topped summit and a variety of bottom life .	Plur
To add color , Mylne employs acrylics , gouache , spray paint and paint pens .	Plur
The film won the Prix Beaumarchais for best screenplay and was distributed in theaters with " Corps Ouverts ( Open Body ) " by Sébastien Lifshitz .	Plur
In 1541 Henry VIII , without papal sanction , created six new episcopal sees , one of which was Chester .	Plur
Starting with iOS 8 , released in the second half of 2014 , the operating system enables and support third party keyboards use .	Plur
By such act , KPJ actually had two leaderships , one operating in Belgrade while other in Vienna .	Plur
Droplets of the thermochromic dye mixture are enclosed in transparent microcapsules , a few micrometers in diameter , bound to the fibers of the fabric .	Plur
Ipanema 's beach culture includes surfers and sun bathers who gather daily at the beach .	Plur
He also presented the BBC quiz show " Eggheads " between 2003 and 2014 before Jeremy Vine took over full-time .	Plur
Using more than 13 different types of synthesizers , Jarre combines whirling soundscapes of multi-textured effects , passages , and sometimes suites to culminate interesting electronic atmospheres ...	Plur
Notable local farms include the Bounds , home of Weston 's Cider and the multi award-winning " Scrumpy House Restaurant " .	Plur
The rest of his career illustrates the vicissitudes of the publishing business .	Plur
The toxins include potent neurotoxins , hepatotoxins , cytotoxins , and endotoxins .	Plur
The genus comprises four large shearwaters .	Plur
Zablocki name as the name of a family of Tatar origin lists service " Polish Tartars " .	Plur
The Confederate columbiads have longer trunnions that were intended for use with heavy wooden carriages .	Plur
They can also remove glycans from glycolipids to turn them back into unmodified lipids .	Plur
He published his memoires in 1890 .	Plur
The patient may have tics ( involuntary but quasi-purposeful movements or vocalizations ) which may be a symptom of Tourette 's syndrome .	Plur
Companies may also willingly or unwillingly introduce backdoors to their software that help subvert key negotiation or bypass encryption altogether .	Plur
The mill was initially named the Päts Mill and later " Päts " ( originally " Paets " ) was adopted as an official surname .	Plur
Instead they used Päts as an unknown lawyer with an affiliation in the Orthodox Church .	Plur
Otto August Strandman had openly criticized Päts for his role in corruption within the Bank of Estonia and economic policies that depended on trade with Russia .	Plur
Microbes release siderophores to scavenge iron from these mineral phases by formation of soluble Fe complexes that can be taken up by active transport mechanisms .	Plur
For example , the anthrax pathogen " Bacillus anthracis " releases two siderophores , bacillibactin and petrobactin , to scavenge ferric iron from iron proteins .	Plur
To overcome this problem , " P. aeruginosa " produces siderophores to bind and transport iron .	Plur
However , many heterotrophic marine bacteria do produce siderophores , albeit with properties different from those produced by terrestrial organisms .	Plur
Other planetary engineering or interstellar transportation concepts require Space Solar Power Satellites and the accompanying space logistics infrastructure for their power or construction .	Plur
The concurrent establishment of major commands within the Air Force brought wholesale realignments , including creating new wings with subordinate groups and squadrons .	Plur
Or perhaps the giant 's posture reflects the alert attentiveness of someone who is deaf or blind or both .	Plur
Brad helped the Specials to become the outstanding British band of 1979 , both for their recordings and live performances .	Plur
The whole Île à la Crosse region produced 12,000 made beaver for the NWC and 1,800 for the HBC .	Plur
They bring over chaperones and proteasomes and activate autophagy .	Plur
Thus they became local grandees and were involved in patronizing trade and agriculture .	Plur
For example , the jungle includes trampolines and the desert includes pushable crates .	Plur
On June 15 , 2011 , he released " Spring Fling Instrumentals " .	Plur
Flora include bluebells , false brome and wood millet .	Plur
He also for some years kept goshawks and made successful flights with them at mountain hares , rabbits and water hens .	Plur
It stars Lucas Hedges , Kelvin Harrison Jr . , Taylor Russell , Alexa Demie , and Sterling K. Brown .	Plur
Rigging systems commonly include shackles , master links and slings , and lifting bags in underwater lifting .	Plur
His will , with other bequests , created four Lennie bursaries at Edinburgh University , for students seeking a literary education , that were notionally loans .	Plur
Marine researcher Debbie Giles also offered rebuttals to SeaWorld , finding its assertions inaccurate .	Plur
In a couple of major works ( 1957 ) , he described birches and alders with different leaf shapes .	Plur
The USSR 's trade gap progressively emptied the coffers of the union , leading to eventual bankruptcy .	Plur
After the flyover was completed , the Government of Punjab is now constructing three underpasses in " Abdullahpur Chowk " , with a cost of Rs .	Plur
His hybrids , between Teas and Hybrid Perpetuals , were called Pedigree Hybrids of the Tea Rose .	Plur
Currently , it is owned by Jeff Hollinger and Jonny Raglin , both also bartenders for Absinthe Brasserie & Bar .	Plur
He founded Handcrafted Wines of Israel and played a signifant role in the development of Israeli wines .. .	Plur
Allen 's deformed left arm awakens , becomes an anti-Akuma weapon later called and destroys Mana .	Plur
Jamie 's TV appearances include " ER " , " X-Files " and " NYPD Blue " .	Plur
In 1881 , the Palestine Exploration Fund 's " Survey of Western Palestine " noted at " Kh.el Maksur " : " Heaps of stones . "	Plur
Despite the Nixon-Agnew " road show , " polls showed Chiles and Askew with pre-election leads larger than three-to-two .	Plur
However successive enlargements of the Château de Versailles and the poor finances of Louis XIV emptied the kingdom 's coffers and the project never materialised .	Plur
Vectors are biting midges ( " Ceratopogonidae " ) .	Plur
Within the endothelial cells , the sporozoites undergo asexual reproduction becoming schizonts .	Plur
Automotive accessories for the mobile devices include charging cradles , FM transmitters for playing audio through the car 's speakers and a GPS receiver .	Plur
Clinical signs include anorexia , vomiting and severe diarrhoea .	Plur
The PRU-70 is also designed to reduce the bulk , weight and heat stressors commonly encountered by helicopter aircrews flying six or more hours on combat missions .	Plur
Complete exoskeletons with soft-tissue traces of " E. calliaspis " from Australia make this one of the best known dunkleosteids .	Plur
Leben und Werk eines jüdischen Avantgardisten in Berlin und London " .	Plur
Rapper Big Pooh released a solo album entitled " Sleepers " in 2005 .	Plur
Many hooks intended to hold dead or artificial baits have sliced shanks which create barbs for better baiting holding ability .	Plur
Many different companies produce oyster crackers with different combinations of shortenings and other ingredients , but retaining the same general shape and size .	Plur
The Westminster Cracker Company of Rutland , Vermont , has been making oyster crackers since 1828 .	Plur
Mary remembered big salads made at the table , deep-fried Jerusalem artichokes , and " reject cheese " that was always good .	Plur
A built-in firewall allows end-users who install network servers to control access .	Plur
The city of Munich , Germany , forked Kubuntu 10.04 LTS and created LiMux for use on the city 's computers .	Plur
The rise of rubber prices from 1909 to 1911 had encouraged another 2,000 Foochow settles to come to Sibu .	Plur
The city also elects 3 state assemblymen into the Sarawak State Legislative Assembly , namely Piasau , Pujut , and Senadin .	Plur
Newcastle Corporation acquired Blackfriars in the early 1950s .	Plur
Interior algebras , by virtue of being algebraic structures , have homomorphisms .	Plur
Its entablature has triglyphs and metopes .	Plur
Other fossils that have been found in the formation include fresh-water diatoms and bivalves .	Plur
On 30 September 2018 , Friend co-captained Easts in the 2018 NRL grand final victory over Melbourne .	Plur
Cenac released a web-series titled " aka Wyatt Cenac " about his life as the Viceroy for a gentrifying Brooklyn .	Plur
They covered the Malta Convoys , before being absorbed in 815 Naval Air Squadron .	Plur
" Class 23 " Yarns and threads , for textile use	Plur
" Class 24 " Textiles and substitutes for textiles ; bed covers ; table covershousehold linen ; curtains of textile or plastic	Plur
He owned two violas : a " Tertis model " Capicchioni of 1956 and one made by Roberto Bianchi in the 1980s .	Plur
Guérin also noted several ancient rock-cut cisterns , the largest of which was at the lower part of the village .	Plur
Many species have an elongated frons .	Plur
This return to the root means stillness , it is called recovering original destiny .	Plur
He approaches the freedmen and offers two bottles of good liquor to join them .	Plur
In 1913 , he published his memoires of the Epirus campaign entitled " An American Soldier Under the Greek Flag at Bezanie " .	Plur
This may occur with triptans , ergotamines , and analgesics , especially narcotic analgesics .	Plur
Beginning in 2015 , she joined The New Pornographers as a touring member .	Plur
Officers stationed in India sometimes had the hilts and scabbards of their swords silvered as a protection against the high humidity of the Monsoon season .	Plur
Currently he is producing " Blonde Bombshells of 1943 " by Alan Plater .	Plur
It has 6.3 megapixels , a 1 / 2.5 " Super CCD HR sensor and 3 × optical zoom .	Plur
In 1837 , he married Elizabeth Desnoyers ; the couple had eleven children .	Plur
We saw no smokes on either of the islands , neither did we see any plantations ; and it is probable they are not very well peopled .	Plur
We saw many shoals near Crown Island , and reefs of rocks running off from the points a mile or more into the sea .	Plur
It had 33 family welfare subcentres .	Plur
She was one of the three ships Cunard ordered Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company to build .	Plur
MicroRNA expression profiles classify human cancers .	Plur
Tim Lopes was born Arcanjo Antonino Lopes do Nascimento in Pelotas , Brazil , the fourth child of a family of twelve .	Plur
Elias Maluco and other traffickers then transported Lopes to a nearby hill within the Complexo called Pedra do Sapo ( rock of the toad ) .	Plur
When a new public high school was built in the Complexo do Alemão , it was named Colégio Tim Lopes .	Plur
In January 2011 during the inauguration ceremony marking his reelection , Rio de Janeiro State Governor Sérgio Cabral mentioned Tim Lopes in his inaugural speech .	Plur
The brand still expands across Europe & other regions on various electronics segments ( TV , Audio / Video , Small Appliances etc . )	Plur
He clearly blamed the Earps and Doc Holliday for instigating the shootout .	Plur
He also narrated The Dumb Bunnies and wrote episodes of Maniac Mansion , Shining Time Station and Sci-Squad .	Plur
His many published contributions include several county floras and the following :	Plur
Earlier home styles include Bungalows , Victorians , Cape Cods , and Colonials .	Plur
He has won multiple ARIA and APRA Awards .	Plur
In 1920 , the city was renamed Wisconsin Rapids .	Plur
It will join mixed-species feeding flocks .	Plur
He appeared in the John Kander and Fred Ebb musical " Curtains " on Broadway in 2007 .	Plur
After the end of Apartheid South Africa 's newly elected government inherited huge services backlogs with respect to access to water supply and sanitation .	Plur
The multitude of springs in the area allowed tanners and drapers to prosper .	Plur
It contains N-terminus transmembrane helices and a long C-terminal cytoplasmic tail with serine / threonine / tyrosine kinase activity .	Plur
The Stars also acquired Ann Wauters and a 2009 second round draft pick as part of the trade .	Plur
They also hydrolyze long-chain fatty acid esters and thioesters .	Plur
This gene does not contain introns .	Plur
Their protein structures resemble small leucine-rich proteoglycans found in the extracellular matrix .	Plur
In February 2011 Sakis Rouvas released his new song ' Oi dyo mas ' by Kontopoulos .	Plur
So did aftereffects of the firefighters ' strike , as blue collar white voters , Thompson 's traditional base , were generally sympathetic to the firefighters .	Plur
The acid and sourness opened up the diners ' appetites .	Plur
Built on a site , the plant recycles 90 % of the water it uses .	Plur
It borders the London Boroughs of Bromley and Bexley to the northwest .	Plur
The eruption produced high-speed avalanches of hot ash and gas , massive lahar floods and huge clouds of superheated volcanic material hundreds of kilometers across .	Plur
When engaged in battle a warship often flies multiple battle ensigns .	Plur
Nautical etiquette requires that merchant vessels dip their ensigns in salute to passing warships , which acknowledge the salute by dipping their ensigns in return .	Plur
The Turks held certain hilltops and lost others , while some were lost and recaptured several times over .	Plur
It includes the Bionet Usenet newsgroups and parallel e-mail lists , with public archives since 1992 at www.bio.net .	Plur
The " Natya Shastra " describes 24 mudras , while the " Abhinaya Darpana " of Nandikeshvara gives 28 .	Plur
Later forming the epidermis and neural crest .	Plur
Apple also added Forum Displays to all stores to provide better Today at Apple experience .	Plur
Nepal , Bhutan , Namibia and Kenya have purchased India-manufactured EVMs .	Plur
Caterpillars sequester terpenoids from their diet to produce a foul smelling oil used in defence .	Plur
Transduction signals cause microtubules to grow or contract , as well as cause the centrosome to become motile .	Plur
Early radar images showed the supercells as they moved through the area .	Plur
Records reflect the incorporators as " John Q.A .	Plur
The legislation provides Zero Emission Credits for the plants ' CO-free electricity .	Plur
Throughout her career up until that point , Carey had famously sported long , auburn curls .	Plur
The latter did not feature Snipes .	Plur
In 1963 , the Explorer Scouts corps split into two new corps , the Kingsmen and the Velvet Knights .	Plur
He also wrote " Instruction sur les affaires d 'état " ( 1610 ) .	Plur
" launchd " manages the daemons at both a system and user level .	Plur
Similar to xinetd , launchd can start daemons on demand .	Plur
Using IPC will allow the daemons to talk amongst themselves to work it out , or you can watch files or paths for changes .	Plur
Of these we mention : regular semigroups , orthodox semigroups , semigroups with involution , inverse semigroups and cancellative semigroups .	Plur
BBC Radio 4 has broadcast serialised radio dramatisations of the diary .	Plur
Many areas of the city bordering bushland have experienced bushfires , these tend to occur during the spring and summer .	Plur
Swords coming from northern Denmark and northern Germany usually contained three or more fake rivets in the hilt .	Plur
When the Æsir realize that the builder is a hrimthurs , they disregard their previous oaths with the builder , and call for Thor .	Plur
After the fight Driscoll bore no grudges , considering the blow to have been " an accident " .	Plur
Many countries ( including the United States ) have national federations devoted to promoting savate .	Plur
The instrumental song " Saint Agnes and the Burning Train " appears on the 1991 album ' The Soul Cages ' by Sting .	Plur
Common game included opossums , rabbits , and squirrels .	Plur
When Galaxia kills Mamoru and most of the Sailor Soldiers , she steals their Sailor Crystals .	Plur
The shows ' stories include anime-inspired plotlines and original material .	Plur
Stevens also translated Bede 's " Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum " .	Plur
From May 24 to May 27 , 1975 , Vietnamese forces attacked the occupiers and recaptured the island .	Plur
On July 24 , 2012 Cory released digitally an extended play - Cruel Intentions & Fashion Show with both songs and remixes of them .	Plur
The final window has perpendicular mullions ( a later style ) .	Plur
In 1915 he published " Essex water-colours " which contained a selection of his Essex scenes .	Plur
Group feeling ( asabiyyah , groupthink ) disappears as the dynasty grows senile .	Plur
" Eider " provided USGS geologists conducting this research with their first dedicated transportation to and from the Aleutians since 1946 .	Plur
Since then , he has uploaded his live mashups , which have all garnered millions of views on YouTube .	Plur
Spanish Communist Party-led troops suppressed the collectives and persecuted both dissident Marxists and anarchists .	Plur
These organizations include Autism Speaks , Autism National Committee , Autism Society of America , and many others .	Plur
Additionally , Alabama has four National Forests : Conecuh , Talladega , Tuskegee , and William B. Bankhead .	Plur
Alain Connes studies operator algebras .	Plur
This not only prompted the Bedouins to leave , but the Fatimid treasury even gave them a light expatriation cash allowance .	Plur
From there they gradually gained the upper Algiers and Oran plains .	Plur
Algeria has invested an estimated 100 billion dinars towards developing research facilities and paying researchers .	Plur
When Apollo was born clutching a golden sword , the swans circled Delos seven times and the nymphs sang in delight .	Plur
He had found an aulos on the ground , tossed away after being invented by Athena because it made her cheeks puffy .	Plur
Between 1882 and 1887 the first academic schools were formed where trilingualism coexists with the knowledge of the official language , Catalan .	Plur
The pigs start to resemble humans , as they walk upright , carry whips , drink alcohol and wear clothes .	Plur
In 2004 , he was signed by Ligue 1 side Rennes and went on to appear in 42 league matches for the French club .	Plur
In 2013 Overton High School received secondary Gold Performance acknowledgments for College-Ready Graduates , and was commended in English and Social Studies .	Plur
Overton Elementary also received Gold Performance acknowledgments and was commended in Math and Science , receiving comparable improvement recognition in reading .	Plur
One by one he takes down the cronies of Balwant who had framed him in the murder .	Plur
Some of those joined the PDS and others founded their own party .	Plur
Its last editor was Simon Jones and other staff included Steve Tomkins , Nick Thorpe and Huw Spanner .	Plur
Tunchev made his return against San Jose Earthquakes in a behind-closed-doors friendly on 24 February 2011 at Belvoir Drive .	Plur
In January 2010 , the party announced 193 Libertarians filed for nomination , including five gubernatorial candidates .	Plur
The road leaves Tarbes to the south west ( old road now the D921 ) with a junction ( 12 ) to the A64 autoroute .	Plur
These two ingredients provide sea urchins with a great solidity and a moderate weight , as well as the capacity to regenerate the mesh from the cuticle .	Plur
The grand duchess regularly celebrated her birthdays at Gelbensande and her father and brothers often came for the hunting .	Plur
Examples in which the browning reaction catalyzed by PPO may be desirable include prunes , sultana grapes , black tea , and green coffee beans .	Plur
They built 812 Proctors of several marks between 1941 and 1945 , assembling most of the aircraft at Barton Aerodrome .	Plur
Fully rejuvenated , Mulder investigates several X-Files , against orders to do so , but soon gets fired , leaving Doggett in charge of the cases .	Plur
As in that year the Roman Triumvir Octavian , gave Artavasdes I the Kingdom of Sophene to govern as a Roman Client King .	Plur
The industries under this conglomerate include Textiles , Chemicals , Leather , motor cycles , Consumer products , Media , Advertisement etc .	Plur
He coaches promising Tanzanians at International School of Moshi Arusha Campus .	Plur
They choreographed the music videos " Humanoids " by TVXQ and " I Got A Boy " by Girls ' Generation .	Plur
At his 2011 Pro Day , Hogan pumped 28 reps of 225 pounds on the bench press .	Plur
Includes safes , safe deposit lockers and strongrooms .	Plur
Gunnebo markets its safes and vaults under two major brands : Chubbsafes and Fichet-Bauche .	Plur
Pitchfork retrospectively described Shrines as " a definitive time capsule for the sound of 2012 ( and 2013 ) " .	Plur
Lite-Trac also manufacture bespoke sprayers .	Plur
Blues shuffles or walking bass reinforce the trance-like rhythm and form a repetitive effect known as the groove .	Plur
Blues shuffles or walking bass reinforce the trance-like rhythm and call-and-response , and they form a repetitive effect called a groove .	Plur
Also in 2016 , " CNN " reported the Clintons combined to receive more than $ 153 million in paid speeches from 2001 until spring 2015 .	Plur
In Texas , for example , blue laws prohibited selling housewares such as pots , pans , and washing machines on Sunday until 1985 .	Plur
Very dark beers , such as stout , use dark or patent malts that have been roasted longer .	Plur
Gaga has also cited Spears as an influence , calling her " the most provocative performer of my time " .	Plur
By 2009 , she had released seven more perfumes including Fantasy .	Plur
The Eastern Orthodox Churches recognize 3 Maccabees , 1 Esdras , Prayer of Manasseh and Psalm 151 in addition to the Catholic canon .	Plur
Phylogenetic taxonomy places Aves in the dinosaur clade Theropoda .	Plur
Gauthier defined Aves to include only the crown group of the set of modern birds .	Plur
Albania also possessed : bitumen , lignite , iron , chromite , copper , bauxite , manganese , and some gold .	Plur
He puts the bangles on his niece while the women sing traditional songs depicting the role of maternal uncles .	Plur
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center designated the system Tropical Cyclone 18S on the same day .	Plur
For taking video 1000 rs	Plur
All maps contain evergreens , with some deciduous trees .	Plur
The Pope of Alexandria to this day includes the Pentapolis in his title as an area within his jurisdiction .	Plur
During the War of 1812 , Garrett shipped eight large flatboats stocked with food and whiskey to the U.S. Navy in New Orleans .	Plur
Most yachts launch their dinghies by hand or with a simple lifting tackle rigged from the main mast .	Plur
It replaced the E9 coupés and was solely produced in the 2-door coupé body style .	Plur
In addition , they contained less yolk androgens .	Plur
The scoring saw rotates in an opposite direction , as the main saw to avoid chipping .	Plur
Waiting in the on-deck circle to hit behind Thomson was rookie Willie Mays .	Plur
As players progress through the game , they can collect the various armaments found in the levels , allowing them to be used in future missions .	Plur
This motion would cause the gyros to precess , and this signal would drive the PDI automatically .	Plur
As part of this change , he identified the best bombardiers in his command and assigned them to the lead bomber of each box .	Plur
He later lit campfires outside the house to deceive the British into thinking that his troops were still on the grounds .	Plur
They produced various narrators and actors including Isaac Mwaura , Augustine Oluoch , John Paul Wafula and Jimmy Wanjala .	Plur
After ending his sport career he coached weightlifters at the Soviet Army and retired in 1991 as a Colonel .	Plur
The company opened several more brewpubs across Russia .	Plur
She has received seven Emmy Award Nominations .	Plur
E le plus puissant de ses pers .	Plur
De Yrlande les enemis le rei .	Plur
Some time later , when Babe visits Maa in the fields , he sees sheep rustlers stealing the sheep .	Plur
Other hybrid powertrains use flywheels to store energy .	Plur
Twice — in 1929 and 1931 — she unsuccessfully fought Ayr Burghs at the general election .	Plur
In 2010 with Chris Anderson , Gary created the T3 competition on popular drone building enthusiasts site DIY Drones He remains the chief judge for the competition .	Plur
This tradition inspired later Sunni fundamentalists , including Aziz 's father Shah Waliullah .	Plur
Camp Grant serves as the setting for the book , " Taps for Charlie " by Carl Brown .	Plur
Immunogenicity and protection in small-animal models with controlled-release tetanus toxois microparticles as a single-dose vaccine .	Plur
Alemdar Mustafa and his forces deposed Mustafa IV , executed many Janissaries , banished anti-reform leaders , and installed Mahmud II as the new sultan .	Plur
Since its initial publication , " Canoeing with the Cree " has inspired several canoeists to fully or partially recreate the path taken in the book .	Plur
He gained BTECs and NVQs , as well as becoming a qualified referee whilst with the club .	Plur
She helped Grand Rapids win the Championship Title in that season , batting five hits with four RBI in six playoff games .	Plur
He has interviewed many senior statesmen and women .	Plur
Other writing credits include " Dexter " , " Family Ties " , " Get a Life " , and " The Oblongs " .	Plur
Contact granulomas can be physically identified and diagnosed by observing the presence of proliferative tissue originating from the vocal process of the arytenoid cartilage .	Plur
Contact granulomas can occur unilaterally or bilaterally , affecting one or both vocal folds .	Plur
The oldest Vai texts used various logograms .	Plur
Le Tekrø uses his black early seventies Fender Stratocaster as a back-up for live performances .	Plur
Niall tells the McQueens he has explosives around the church and will detonate them , Carmel cries as she thinks she will never see Calvin again .	Plur
In 2011 , Schreiber starred in the Off-Broadway play " Gruesome Playground Injuries " at Second Stage Theatre .	Plur
The two road bridges carry the M2 motorway carriageways .	Plur
The complex tones of acoustic instruments do not produce partials that resemble the subharmonic series .	Plur
Among Filangeri of Santa Margherita di Belìce are included three viceroys of Sicily : Alessandro I , Alessandro II e Nicolò I .	Plur
This alleviates stressors on the foot and can decrease inflammation .	Plur
RILM Abstracts of Musical Literature 1967- http : / / www.biblioline.nisc.com	Plur
Once the exchange takes place one of the other revolutionaries ´ robs ´ the suitcase with the money .	Plur
In 1991 , Terri and Jerry launched Brighton Collectibles with a single collection of belts .	Plur
Paradise Lost , Black Spiders , Revoker , Jettblack	Plur
Shortly after this single was released , Terrell left the Supremes , later followed by Laurence when she became pregnant .	Plur
They typically have rhizomorphs ( aggregations of mycelium that resemble plant roots ) at the base .	Plur
The Norwegian Athletes Association had Smeets as right back on their football Team of the Year 2004 .	Plur
Beeckman received 240 guilders for this .	Plur
Takayama joined Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling ( FMW ) in the fall of 1994 , which would lead to his departure from WAR .	Plur
Movie Theaters and hand painted Movie Posters in Ghana are a cultural component of this West African state .	Plur
Heavy rainfall mixed with ash from the eruption in the following days caused extensive lahars which killed about 200 more people .	Plur
Fauna include songbirds , osprey , iguana and boa .	Plur
On 4 January 1811 Morelos successfully attacked Tres Palos , taking many prisoners and much booty .	Plur
A drug called rituximab , a molecule that targets T cells , helps reduce the symptoms of anti-Hu encephalitis and decreases the number of anti-Hu antibodies .	Plur
The photo juxtaposes Puebloans with media depictions of Native Americans .	Plur
Numinous cumuli bestrew the Eight Hollows .	Plur
The history of Lasithi can be traced over at least three millennia .	Plur
According to popular legend , he and his son , Eleazar b . Simeon , were noted Kabbalists .	Plur
GPS Coordinates for Myrtos are 35.0036111 ° N and 25.5844444 ° E	Plur
of Criticism " , bk v. , and Hippolyte Rigault , " Histoire de la querelle des anciens et modernes " ( 1859 ) .	Plur
The stores offer various dairy desserts , beverages , prepared foods , blended fruit drinks , popcorn and other snack foods .	Plur
They mainly eat earthworms , but also insects and their larvae , freshwater molluscs and some plant seeds .	Plur
These station wagons featured the same trims as Galaxie 500s , and were a step up from the base-model Country Sedan .	Plur
This environment supported large herbivores that were prey for dire wolves and their competitors .	Plur
The Ephesians considered her theirs , and resented any foreign claims to her protection .	Plur
Because of the Gold Rush , most people overlooked the outcroppings of copper on their way to the Klondike .	Plur
For example , a VM with a temporary compute-intensive peak might disturb the other running VMs , causing a significant and undesirable temporary drop in their performance .	Plur
" I Feel Cream " is Peaches ' highest-charting album in the United States to date .	Plur
She gathers her own quills from freshly killed porcupines , then washes and dyes them .	Plur
Amid the growing violence , Stalin formed his own armed Red Battle Squads , with the Mensheviks doing the same .	Plur
He brutally suppressed counter-revolutionaries and bandits .	Plur
Il était une fois ... notre Terre ( English , Once Upon a Time ...	Plur
The Austronesians pushed the Negritos to the mountains , while they occupied the fertile coastal plains .	Plur
They further traded toasts , with Stalin proposing a toast to Hitler 's health and Ribbentrop proposing a toast to Stalin .	Plur
Models of granaries and storehouses had tiled rooftops , " dougong " brackets , windows , and stilt supports raising them above ground level .	Plur
After touring the band released their follow-up record , " Every Red Heart Shines Toward the Red Sun " , in 2006 .	Plur
In this pursuit he joined the Seattle Thunderbirds of the Western Hockey League in 1998-1999 in played 70 games posting 56 points .	Plur
" , where they were awarded Best Metal Newcomers for 2004 .	Plur
Critics have accused CIS of promoting and having ties to nativists which CIS denies .	Plur
If the proteins interact , this will bring the fluorophores into close spatial proximity .	Plur
The State of Kentucky has banned felt-soled waders in the river to prevent spread of the organism .	Plur
The Romans had just defeated the Seleucids in the Roman-Syrian War and had forced them to thereby sue for peace .	Plur
They defeated the Galatians in a battle on Mount Olympus and followed up the victory by defeating a larger army near Ankara .	Plur
Cermak Plaza already had a Walgreens but it lacked a drive-thru window , which the new structure would include .	Plur
The colleges teams are called the Greyhounds ( logo right ) and compete in the following sports :	Plur
On October 20 , 2016 , Richardson joined the Erie BayHawks as an assistant coach .	Plur
On September 27 , 2017 , Richardson joined the Fort Wayne Mad Ants as an assistant coach .	Plur
Fordham 's other television credits include " Army Wives " and " Hart of Dixie " .	Plur
The fire also caused 10 truckers to abandon their cargo trailers on the side of the road .	Plur
After the river the route enters Cleves and curves due south and passes through residential properties .	Plur
For this he was receiving £ 5 0s .	Plur
The presence of mangroves augments and helps maintain many of the benefits provided by salt ponds , such as :	Plur
The company obtained most its initial tramcars from the Compagnie Générale de Construction of St Denis , France .	Plur
It subjects the 4 Ds : detection , discomfort , disability and death .	Plur
The success also causes Jobs to distance himself from his friends and his high school girlfriend Chrisann Brennan ( Ahna O 'Reilly ) .	Plur
In 2017 , Zevia introduced Zero Calorie Mixers in the flavors Ginger Beer , Dry Lemon Lime , and Tonic .	Plur
He also gained inductions into the Mexican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame in 1964 and the Venezuelan Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in 2010 .	Plur
Voice Clarifying Circuitry sets TV Ears apart in that it allows the device to pull words out from the noise , including whispers and accents .	Plur
Rearrangement reaction of 6-membered cyclic dienones generate phenols through the dienone phenol rearrangement :	Plur
On May 3 , 2018 , he joined the Peterborough Petes of the Ontario Hockey League as head coach .	Plur
All of the fields in the reserve have thick hedgerows of hazel , hawthorn , field maple , ash , holly amongst others .	Plur
Selecting any of two EXTRA SAVIOR folders or other category retain the original UI .	Plur
It has long dropping dark scapulars , and its grey sides are set off on the front and rear with white bars .	Plur
King Victor was released from prison in France a few months earlier , so Battle expects he will seek to recover it .	Plur
The adaptation retains Chimneys as the setting .	Plur
CIT annually awards sports bursaries to a wide range of sports for both senior and first-year students .	Plur
Importantly , this prevents myocytes from releasing glycogen stores they have obtained into the blood .	Plur
They also persuaded the Carians to join the rebellion .	Plur
So they sent the exiled Ionian tyrants to Lade , where each tried to persuade his fellow citizens to desert to the Persians .	Plur
Alfred discreetly interrupts and they excuse themselves to go to the Batphone in Wayne 's study .	Plur
His major current research interests include bioinformatics .	Plur
For details , see the article Lasers and aviation safety .	Plur
From 2001 to 2003 , Caraga Region consistently maintained its performance vis-à-vis other regions in Mindanao .	Plur
In poor lemming years , predatory species such as skuas and snowy owls take Arctic-breeding waders instead .	Plur
The project , which had not been approved by the Brisbane City Council , enraged his backbenchers .	Plur
It boasts 1,600 beds and handles 55,000 in-patients a year , with another 357,000 being treated as out-patients .	Plur
In 2002 , the brothers purchased the Liverpool based retail company Littlewoods from its founders the Moores family for £ 750 million .	Plur
She appeared with George Devine in the Eugène Ionesco play , " The Chairs " , Shaw 's " Major Barbara " and " Saint Joan " .	Plur
Methods to raise annual giving support include : direct mail solicitations , telemarketing ( " phonathons " ) , e-solicitations , and sometimes major " asks " .	Plur
By late Winter 2013 , TARC added 16 more clean diesels .	Plur
They primarily used C-47 Skytrains and Waco CG-4 unpowered Gliders .	Plur
All of them showed the social democrats with a slight lead .	Plur
Jake hears the growls of a demon and rushes into the crypt to see Sarah , as a demon , devouring the heart of Asmodeus .	Plur
The Katandra Football Club , nicknamed the Kats , is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Murray Football League .	Plur
Thus , metrically , the first half stanza of every verse of this philosophical text has thirty instants , the second has twenty seven .	Plur
Smaller fountains line the medians .	Plur
Rivers left Les Chats Sauvages in 1962 to pursue a solo career .	Plur
The Tocumwal Football Club , nicknamed the Bloods , is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Picola & District Football League .	Plur
The Squadron flew Hawker Harts and then the Hawker Hind light bomber from 1938 .	Plur
Clarendon Towers also attracted the owner occupiers .	Plur
Adding detachable SRBs to a vehicle also powered by liquid-propelled rockets known as staging reduces the amount of liquid propellant needed and lowers the launch vehicle mass .	Plur
Joseph established six state-run " General Seminaries . "	Plur
After 1867 , this party added like-minded reformers from the Maritime provinces , but struggled to win power , especially in still strongly-Catholic Quebec .	Plur
" It had no mudguards , no brakes , and I had to scrape my foot along the ground to stop . "	Plur
The Esoteric Order of Dagon ( which masqueraded as the local Masonic movement ) had three oaths which members had to take .	Plur
It assigned the Moluccas to Portugal and the Philippines to Spain .	Plur
On 27 April 2013 , he joined the regional political party BJD .	Plur
ABC 's 20 / 20 episode " Saved " covered Katie Beers story in February 2013 .	Plur
The construction required several viaducts and tunnels to attain the maximum altitude of 745 metres above sea level at the entrance of the tunnel crossing .	Plur
Returning to civilian life , he enrolled at the École Centrale des Arts et Manufactures , obtaining his diploma in 1922 .	Plur
It bypasses Daugavpils in its north and passes through Krāslava and is also known as the Daugavpils Highway in Latvia .	Plur
Grundmann served both German dictatorships .	Plur
The conman Syd Ross duped Major Folkes into believing that there was a " Nazi plot " in New Zealand .	Plur
He chose The Waterboys as its name from a line in the Lou Reed song " The Kids " on the album " Berlin " .	Plur
President Soares appointed Guterres as prime minister and his Cabinet took the oath of office on 28 October that year .	Plur
The Security Council officially nominated Guterres by adopting a formal resolution on 6 October .	Plur
IEEE 802.16e-2005 improves upon IEEE 802.16-2004 by :	Plur
The basic tumbao sounds slaps ( triangle noteheads ) and open tones ( regular noteheads ) on the " and " offbeats .	Plur
In 1970 the population totaled 22,685 , primarily mulattoes , blacks , indigenous Colombian Chocoanos and settlers from other areas of Panama .	Plur
He also acquired the nickname " Two Sugars " due to his well-known love of tea .	Plur
Since injective left modules extend homomorphisms from " all " left ideals to " R " , injective modules are clearly divisible in sense 2 and 3 .	Plur
The Central American mythos was renamed the Aztec mythos , while the Nehwon mythos was retained .	Plur
By the end of the decade , the more upmarket Alfa Romeo and Lancia marques had also added hatchbacks to their ranges .	Plur
He paraded his minstrels through every city they played , preceded by a brass band .	Plur
In addition to acting , White also co-produced the award-winning documentary " Earthlings " , narrated by Joaquin Phoenix .	Plur
The Capitales defeated the Jackals three times in the championship series , 2011 , 2012 , and 2013 .	Plur
The vegetarian version has leeks and may include mixed vegetables , chicken flavoured meat substitute and / or prunes .	Plur
On December 14 , 2007 , the Astros traded Qualls to the Arizona Diamondbacks , along with Chris Burke and Juan Gutiérrez , for José Valverde .	Plur
He then joined his hometown Severstal Cherepovets for the 2004 – 05 season before moving on to Metallurg Magnitogorsk for the 2005 – 06 season .	Plur
Despite his imprisonment , he remained technically locum tenens until his death in 1937 .	Plur
The series , " Cave Carson Has A Cybernetic Eye " , is co-written by Gerard Way and Jon Rivera , with art by Michael Avon Oeming .	Plur
Nicknamed " Living Goddess of Lightning " , he ranks 104th among the 108 Stars of Destiny and 68th among the 72 Earthly Fiends .	Plur
Nicknamed " Stalk of Flower " , he ranks 95th among the 108 Stars of Destiny and 59th among the 72 Earthly Fiends .	Plur
The student section of the stadium has been dubbed the " Rowdy Reptiles . "	Plur
However , Forest manager Brian Clough allowed Birtles to part from the club on a free transfer in June 1987 .	Plur
He has had various co-presenters over the years , including Mike Parry , Graham Beecroft and Ronnie Irani .	Plur
Hall House opposite Fenwick Fine foods delicatessen and coffee shop is a Nursing Home .	Plur
Matt Busby signed Setters as a replacement for the injured Wilf McGuinness who had suffered a career ending leg break .	Plur
On Holy Island , Mitt encounters the two demigods in person and learns their secret names .	Plur
The redistribution created seven ridings in Calgary , two of those still exist today .	Plur
Alcohols likewise form alkyl iodides , this providing the main use for PI .	Plur
In addition to providing benefits to their users , transport networks impose both positive and negative externalities on non-users .	Plur
Microsoft offers two kernel-mode debuggers , WinDbg and KD , for no charge .	Plur
The supporting lions are wearing coronets in the form of collars , with the white cinquefoil hanging from them .	Plur
The new king , Louis Bonaparte ( Napoleon 's own brother ) , surprisingly did not slavishly follow French dictates either , leading to his downfall .	Plur
The debt service of Holland alone in that year required 14 million guilders , which exceeded its regular tax revenue .	Plur
The other provinces owed 155 million guilders .	Plur
The DNIX kernel had two trap dispatchers internally , one for the DNIX method and one for the Unix method .	Plur
Some historians consider Nepos to be the last Western Roman Emperor , while others consider the western line to have ended with Romulus Augustulus in 476 .	Plur
The resulting signal can activate intracellular effectors like ERKs , Rho GTPase , Rac GTPase , PLC , and AKT / P13K .	Plur
The French also developed the Breguet 763 Deux Ponts , which first flew in February 1949 .	Plur
Ptolemy also wrote influential work Harmonics on music theory .	Plur
De Gaulle ignored " les Anglo-Saxons " , and proclaimed the authority of Free France over the metropolitan territory the next day .	Plur
The usual model depicts the top bureaucrats as being chosen by the chief executive and legislature , depending on whether the democratic system is presidential or parliamentary .	Plur
Shabo uses postpositions after nouns , e.g .	Plur
These are often called spike mauls .	Plur
Afterward , he occupied the Vosges , re-capturing Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines .	Plur
Thus rather than let a common become degraded , access was restricted even further .	Plur
The shamans also use wands of " huatulco " wood , " Loxopterygium huasango " .	Plur
Because there are no restrictions on ship size , all of the large main line cruise ships offer Inside Passage itineraries .	Plur
After The Scales is the final push up to the Chilkoot Pass : the fabled Golden Stairs .	Plur
Aristotle enumerates the affirmations and denials that can be assigned when ' indefinite ' terms such as ' unjust ' are included .	Plur
Club and recreational sports include aerobics , volleyball , basketball , soccer , tennis and rock climbing .	Plur
An Australian journalist writes : " " Rarities in Amsterdam seem to be stretch-fabric-clad cyclists and fat cyclists .	Plur
This cursive script already showed descenders and ascenders , as well as combinations of letters .	Plur
In 1910 , the club participated in their first of many European competitions , and has since amassed fourteen UEFA trophies and a sextuple .	Plur
Others , Sayyid Qutb in particular , called for violence , and his followers are generally considered Islamic extremists , although Qutb denounced the killing of innocents .	Plur
The thoughts and vision of Iqbal later influenced many reformist Islamists , e.g. , Muhammad Asad , Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi and Ali Shariati .	Plur
These infrared pictures can depict ocean eddies or vortices and map currents such as the Gulf Stream , which are valuable to the shipping industry .	Plur
The icosidodecahedron contains 12 pentagons of the dodecahedron and 20 triangles of the icosahedron :	Plur
Every new piece of information added helps the improvisers to refine their characters and progress the action of the scene .	Plur
A Soyuz-U rocket delivered the " Pirs " docking compartment .	Plur
The module houses 24 International Standard Payload Racks , some of which are used for environmental systems and crew daily living equipment .	Plur
Japanese ground controllers use telepresence robotics to remotely conduct onboard research and experiments , thus reducing the workload of station astronauts .	Plur
" Zvezda " uses gyroscopes ( reaction wheels ) and thrusters to turn itself around .	Plur
The USOS has its own computer controlled gyroscopes to handle the extra mass of that section .	Plur
Berthed craft can transfer International Standard Payload Racks .	Plur
This would allow IBM compatibles to have advanced multitasking OSes for the first time and compete in the Unix-dominated server / workstation market .	Plur
In 1966 , while enrolled at UC Berkeley , Bonewits joined the Reformed Druids of North America ( RDNA ) .	Plur
Often guy cables have several insulators , placed to break up the cable into lengths that prevent unwanted electrical resonances in the guy .	Plur
He studied Buddhist sutras and even the Holy Bible .	Plur
Brushing will not cause spacers to be displaced and regular , if not more , brushing while spacers are in place is encouraged .	Plur
Feet have creases which remain over time due to the depth it reaches in the dermal layer of the skin , making them permanent .	Plur
During DNA typing , several markers are examined , termed loci .	Plur
David Cass and Karl Shell coined the term " sunspots " as a suggestive and less technical way of saying " extrinsic random variable " .	Plur
saw " Small Planes " following a year later .	Plur
The crew of a kettuvallam comprises two oarsmen and a cook .	Plur
Warner had both halfbacks close to the line and flanking the defensive tackles .	Plur
Tagalog literatures in Balayan were lost and destroyed at the coming of the Spaniards .	Plur
The consensus-based approach led to dissatisfaction , the PCS complaining that decisions were subject to the veto of even very small unions .	Plur
Namely , the BlackNurse attacks uses ICMP with Type 3 Code 3 packets .	Plur
" Officials have blamed the Boko Haram Islamic extremists . "	Plur
The building features a round avant-corps , topped by a curved gable .	Plur
One can still observe the avant-corps , topped by a terrace , and two oeil-de-boeuf openings .	Plur
The most strident Internet promoters of Trump were paid Russian propagandists / trolls , who were estimated by " The Guardian " to number several thousand .	Plur
You wouldn 't notice much of a difference between the two – they were both chauvinistic , misogynistic , racist , abusive alcoholics .	Plur
South African models get paddle shifters on the CVT models .	Plur
The line up doesn 't include EBD on any models .	Plur
Maravillas literally means " wonders " , " marvels " in Spanish .	Plur
Then on 2 January 2016 they lost 17 – 1 to Wexford Youths .	Plur
In 2015 , Hillary Clinton named Marc Elias as general counsel to her campaign .	Plur
The parish has two public houses , ' The Bricklayers ' and ' The Dog and Pheasant ' , as well as three churches / chapels .	Plur
For exceptions , see Insubric grammar # Variants	Plur
To which the child responds , " No , I didn 't say ' fis , ' I said ' fis ' . "	Plur
Fitted skirts may have their back zippers accompanied by a single waist button , a hook-and-eye closure , or nothing else .	Plur
Many tops , including turtlenecks , mock turtlenecks , and similar sweaters , have back zippers .	Plur
Milt Young and Don Short disagreed about the need for a highway through an unspoiled piece of America 's scenic national treasure , The Badlands .	Plur
Walton married Sarah Sophia Howes .	Plur
A confidential 1943 analysis of the House Foreign Affairs Committee by Isaiah Berlin for the British Foreign Office described Stearns as	Plur
In 2007 , the same authors proposed the " Behaviors from Intergroup Affect and Stereotypes " ( BIAS ) Map model .	Plur
The protein also contains six alpha helices that pass through the plasma membrane .	Plur
On October 4 , 2012 , the Suns also added both Sean Rooks and Basketball Hall of Famer Ralph Sampson as assistants for player development as well .	Plur
This village features sinkholes and karst hills .	Plur
In his youth , both Drew and his younger sister , Cora , became skilled equestrians .	Plur
She needed no caveats , just that sentence . "	Plur
The program has two different schematics for conducting instruction : school-based and community-based .	Plur
The program covers mostly dropouts in elementary and secondary schools , out-of-school youths , non-readers , working people and even senior citizens wanting to read and write .	Plur
The shepherds crook handle curls around just over 180 ° .	Plur
Such complexes bind olefins in a first step via π-complexation .	Plur
These include motels , restaurants , and guide services .	Plur
FedEx Express introduced 727s in 1978 .	Plur
Skagit Transit also operates the Guemes Island ferry linking Anacortes , Washington to Guemes Island .	Plur
Like crocodilians , they had two oviducts .	Plur
Some make lengthy commutes to Dublin or Limerick for work .	Plur
Mobile phone operating systems lack file selection dialogs .	Plur
It is made up of some 40 recreations of fairy-tales such as Rapunzel , Sleeping Beauty , and The Frog Prince .	Plur
In 2002 , he led all major league ballplayers in errors , totaling 29 .	Plur
After Morgan downloads the Intersect , he says " Guys , I know kung fu " , a reference to " The Matrix " .	Plur
His early remix schedule included massive reworks such as that of Anarcrusan ’ s “ In My Mind ” for Yoshitoshi / Shinichi .	Plur
Such classes of enzymes include mainly oxidoreductases and glycosyl transferases and are essential for the antibiotic activity of erythromycin .	Plur
Beyond the city fortifications and along the banks of the Seine , lay Asnières and the island of Grand Jatte .	Plur
Janet Lee Bouvier , Jacqueline 's mother , hired Lowe to design and make the entire bridal party 's outfits .	Plur
These cleptoparasitic bees are host generalists and belong to an ancient lineage of parasites that uniquely shares no specificity with any nonparasitic halictine taxa .	Plur
In truth , Ted had always loved Ena Sharples , but Ena was not interested .	Plur
But after the miller mistreated the goblins , they returned to their caves while the miller spent the rest of his life in poverty .	Plur
The Falco does not carry armaments and has no strike capability .	Plur
They had become rich vintners in Radkersburg , and then expanded their operations to be financiers to the nobility and local lords loyal to the emperor .	Plur
He published two songbooks : " Børnesangbogen " ( 1898 ) and " Den dansk-amerikanske Højskolesangbog " ( 1901 ) .	Plur
To express these ideas , Thigpen wrote the speech " A Psychiatrist Looks At His Nation " and presented it throughout Georgia and South Carolina .	Plur
Louis XIV visited Maisons in April 1651 .	Plur
The play critiques the failings of the legal system by demonstrating how easily it may be abused by powerful political figures .	Plur
Returning , they witnessed the aurora borealis at Kotzebue , and spent the night at a barabara built inside a snow bank .	Plur
McCreight followed with " ' The Wigwam : Puffs from the Peace Pipe " in 1943 .	Plur
The bus length is and had 2 wheelbases .	Plur
The Pro version enables hoteliers to update and customize their own listings , as well as access analytics about competitor rates .	Plur
In February 2013 , a fund-raising party dubbed " Hardcore THAW " was held after-hours in his store and raised more than $ 40,000 for the organization .	Plur
formula _ 7 has Loewy decompositions involving	Plur
Laplace divisors as shown next .	Plur
formula _ 7 has Loewy decompositions involving Laplace divisors	Plur
In the 2009 summer , Sánchez left the Valencians and signed with neighbouring Valencia CF Mestalla .	Plur
George Hudson wrote in his 1928 book " The Butterflies and Moths of New Zealand " that he was " unacquainted with this species " .	Plur
Beverages included drinking broths ( kompot and sweet soups , sbiten ) , kissel , and , from the beginning of the 18th century , Chinese tea .	Plur
Power tools include angle grinders with grinder disks or wire brush wheels .	Plur
Two denominations with the same design were issued simultaneously : a brown 10 centimes and a blue 20 centimes .	Plur
In the third game of the season , at Syracuse , he led the Hoyas in scoring for the first time with 18 points .	Plur
Ancient Greek religious practices included libations .	Plur
The skin often bears creases and is devoid of dermal denticles .	Plur
Nanak Chand Mishra sustained " Bullet Injuries " .	Plur
It includes secular observances which are calculated by religious observances .	Plur
Glass pendant lights resemble classic Swiss cowbells .	Plur
Five years later he emerged from the École Centrale des Arts et Manufactures in Paris with a degree in chemical engineering .	Plur
Symptoms include papules and pustules on the skin of the abdomen .	Plur
Had 13,000 “ Licensed Technical Translators ” .	Plur
Despite a perception that members are primarily agencies , it has 130 corporates and 300 individual members .	Plur
To her credit GA creator and writer-of-this-episode Shonda Rhimes pretty much delivered on her promise .	Plur
In 1983 , Hellquist established the city 's LGBT magazine " Perceptions " , serving as its first publisher and editor .	Plur
( Fake Tits ) and telling Negrotti that she was " as fake as those things on her chest . "	Plur
In addition to original reporting , WSJ On Campus also produces live webcasts examining key issues around college admissions and college life .	Plur
On the far left , a small figure kneels and supports the column .	Plur
These naked figures symbolize the Gentiles on the right of Christ and the Jews on the left .	Plur
They traditionally regard barn owls " disease givers " .	Plur
Four steamers ( " Beberibe " , " Iguatemi " , " Mearim " and " Araguari " ) followed the Amazonas .	Plur
Finally the man buys two albatrosses for nine pence each .	Plur
Both received kickbacks for their services while the lion 's share of the profits were used to pay the salaries of collaborationist spies .	Plur
The three cylinder steam engine has cranks arranged at ± 120 ° and the central cylinder has inclination 1 : 10 .	Plur
Executive producer David Mirkin described the Ramones as " gigantic , obsessive " Simpsons " fans . "	Plur
Writing for " Slate " in 2001 , Douglas Wolk described the Ramones as " easily the most influential group of the last 30 years . "	Plur
Serj Tankian himself reading ' The Nerves of Them'	Plur
The overhead cam shaft engine had 12 volt electrics and drove the rear wheels via a four speed gearbox .	Plur
The log haulers mechanically resembled 10- to 30-ton snowmobiles with a top speed of about .	Plur
Examples of tetradentate tripodal phosphines include tris [ 2- ( diphenylphosphino ) ethyl ] phosphine ( pp3 ) .	Plur
Meanwhile , a giant crater appears , around which the military puts blockades and the President of the US tries to negotiate with an alleged extraterrestrial being .	Plur
Ernoul 's poems have relatively long strophes of eleven , twelve , or fifteen lines .	Plur
It has also been seen eating centipedes and scorpions .	Plur
Some indigenous tribes revere hornbills as sacred beings that must not be harmed .	Plur
The striped hyena lacks the enlarged clitoris and false scrotal sack noted in the female genitalia of the spotted hyena .	Plur
The spotted hyena has a strong and well developed neck and forequarters , but relatively underdeveloped hindquarters .	Plur
During daylight hours , they watch vultures descending upon carcasses .	Plur
Female gazelles do not defend their fawns , though they may attempt to distract hyenas by feigning weakness .	Plur
Spotted hyenas will sometimes follow jackals and wolves during the gazelle fawning season , as jackals and wolves are effective at tracking and catching young animals .	Plur
When attacked by other hyenas or by wild dogs , the hyena lowers its hindquarters .	Plur
In 2016 , she starred in Ricky Gervais ' " Special Correspondents " as Claire Maddox , and " Swallows and Amazons " as Mrs. Walker .	Plur
On 9 November 2006 , Cliff Richard added his handprints to the Square .	Plur
On 9 January 2007 , Kylie Minogue included her handprints , on the final day of the London leg of her Showgirl Homecoming Tour .	Plur
Sin in " The Talons of Weng-Chiang " , has an uncredited role as the Posicarian delegate .	Plur
They included nonconformists like the Puritans , who were Protestant Christians fleeing religious persecution from the Anglican King of England .	Plur
The traditionalists blamed the reformists for causing this label to come about by drawing a distinction between themselves and those Jews who adhered to the old ways .	Plur
Advertising uses onomatopoeia for mnemonic purposes , so that consumers will remember their products , as in Alka-Seltzer 's " Plop , plop , fizz , fizz .	Plur
According to some , Odysseus never forgives Palamedes for unmasking his feigned madness and plays a part in his downfall .	Plur
Farmed common ostriches in Australia have established feral populations .	Plur
Lacking teeth , they swallow pebbles that act as gastroliths to grind food in the gizzard .	Plur
Animals that prey on ostriches of all ages may include cheetahs , lions , leopards , African hunting dogs , and spotted hyenas .	Plur
Hunter-gatherers in the Kalahari use ostrich eggshells as water containers , punching a hole in them .	Plur
A person may experience multiple orgasms .	Plur
Males who experience dry orgasms can often produce multiple orgasms , as the refractory period is reduced .	Plur
Some hair shampoos on the market include estrogens and placental extracts ; others contain phytoestrogens .	Plur
Some advanced face and eye powders contain optical brightener microspheres that brighten shadowed or dark areas of the skin , such as " tired eyes " .	Plur
At university , Wilde read Greats ; he proved himself to be an outstanding classicist , first at Dublin , then at Oxford .	Plur
He wandered the boulevards alone and spent what little money he had on alcohol .	Plur
Hitler by now had lost faith in battles of encirclement as large numbers of Soviet soldiers had escaped the pincers .	Plur
The Germans ordered the 3rd and 4th Panzer Armies to break off their Siege of Leningrad and support Army Group Center in its attack on Moscow .	Plur
Furthering the approach of both Cressey and Albini , Ianni and Ianni studied Italian-American crime syndicates in New York and other cities .	Plur
Many argue this misinterprets and overstates the role of ethnicity in organized crime .	Plur
Version 2 ( 1999 ) included the " Oxford English Dictionary " " Additions " of 1993 and 1997 .	Plur
Other structures from this period include underground storehouses , and aisled roundhouses , the latter usually in association with earlier broch sites .	Plur
Valantin gives Yuri the Spetses Epitaph , which transforms and reactivates a nearby Dead Gate .	Plur
The second compartment , inscribed " Cherubim " shows a six winged cherubim , with its eyes covered to show its spiritual nature .	Plur
These represent the goodly Christian Virtues and they are depicted dwarfing figures , which represent the evil vices fighting in the baptised soul .	Plur
He studied Literae Humaniores , obtaining a third-class BA degree in 1850 .	Plur
He has also earned Black Belts in Judo , Japanese Jujitsu , and Goshin Jutsu Karate .	Plur
In response , Ukraine initiated multiple international-court litigations against Russia , as well as suspending all types of military cooperation and military exports .	Plur
This necessitated the panelists to travel to Chicago each week for the taping .	Plur
The ethnic groups in Nazimabad include : Muhajirs , Memons , Bohris , Punjabis , Pakhtuns , Sindhis , Kashmiris , Seraikis , Balochs , etc .	Plur
He co-founded Urban Outfitters , Inc . , in 1970 with former wife , Judy Wicks .	Plur
Hayne 's current wife , Margaret Hayne , joined Urban Outfitters in August 1982 .	Plur
It also inhabits clearings in mixed deciduous forests of oak and beech .	Plur
That show featured original bandmembers Alex Chilton and Jody Stephens , along with Jon Auer and Ken Stringfellow of the Posies .	Plur
Zentz began performing professionally in Norfolk , Virginia in 1962 , in the group " The Troubadours , " with James Lee Stanley .	Plur
His compositions include the Civil War song " Joys That We 've Tasted " .	Plur
In October 2006 , Metacafe announced its Producer Rewards	Plur
Nystedt founded and conducted The Norwegian Soloists ' Choir from 1950 to 1990 .	Plur
It features premières of US imports and supplementary footage for programmes on its main channel ( most notably extended " Big Brother " coverage ) .	Plur
It has hosted tapings of TV game shows " Jeopardy ! "	Plur
He also managed the Sacramento Solons of the Pacific Coast League in 1959 .	Plur
McIver hired over 300 barrows to local hawkers in her yard in Marshall Lane .	Plur
The region experienced widespread marine transgressions and deposition during the Paleozoic and Mesozoic , that continued into the Cenozoic with the uplift of the Hindu Kush mountains .	Plur
The closing of a late Proterozoic ocean generated the ophiolites and the oldest basement rock .	Plur
These actions did not prevent the Fatimids from amassing a force strong enough to conquer Aleppo .	Plur
Along the western edge of the Khorat Plateau , a limestone dominated shelf sequence abuts turbidites and pyroclastic flow deposits .	Plur
" Why We Oppose Pockets for Women "	Plur
Atlanta has eight International Roster Slots for use in the 2019 season .	Plur
In 1884 he petitioned the regents to establish a State Laboratory of Hygiene , but the request was denied .	Plur
In the wet meadows on the lowest levels and terraces , the dominant plants are reed grasses Calamagrostis .	Plur
The B4 accelerates from in 4.2 seconds with rear-wheel-drive and in 4.0 seconds with the all-wheel-drive , the convertible accelerates to the same speed in 4.5 seconds .	Plur
The first person the pair booked was Snooks Eaglin , a street singer who performed at the festival every year .	Plur
Pilgrims visiting the basilicas to gain the Jubilee indulgence enter the basilicas through these special doors .	Plur
Seals enter breeding rookeries in May .	Plur
Other important Insular authors include the historian Gildas ( c . 500 – 570 ) and the poet Aldhelm ( c . 640 – 709 ) .	Plur
An example of these men includes the churchmen who could read Latin , but could not effectively speak it .	Plur
The sharp division of labor not only reflects the exigencies of island life , but the injunctions of traditional Islam .	Plur
In 2006 , it announced the Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines Project from Athabasca to Kitimat , British Columbia .	Plur
In some cases , modders who are against piracy have created mods that enforce the use of a legal game copy .	Plur
Due to the increasing popularity and quality of modding , some developers , such as Firaxis , have included fan-made mods in official releases of expansion packs .	Plur
Nevertheless , Bethesda integrated paid mods into Skyrim Special Edition in 2016 .	Plur
Anderson created detailed storyboards for each scene but was open to Murray 's knack for improvisation .	Plur
Ronnie Corbett also presented a " Two Ronnies at the Movies " special that same year .	Plur
Known members include Sammo Hung , Jackie Chan , Yuen Biao , Corey Yuen , Yuen Wah , Yuen Tak , Yuen Tai , and Yuen Mo .	Plur
In earlier days they are shifting cultivators and hunters .	Plur
Strips can regularly parody fantasy clichés and will on occasion break the fourth wall .	Plur
India then beat the Aussies 3 – 2 in the 7-match ODI series and won the one-off T20I .	Plur
In 2007 , MacIsaac married Andrew Stokes .	Plur
The next day , Susan brings her infamous macaroni and cheese dish to the hospital .	Plur
The allied forces included Hanoverians , Hessians , and the British .	Plur
The three-loculed ovary have many ovules per locule .	Plur
She translated Fatima Gallaire 's " Princesses " for the Royal Court Theatre .	Plur
The Archway campuses , the elementary schools of the network , teaches phonics , spelling , handwriting , and grammar as a part of their classical curriculum .	Plur
Janis Joplin joined the Turners at one of the Madison Square Garden shows .	Plur
Traits commonly described include inventiveness , mischievousness , and evasiveness .	Plur
His father formed the company " Modern Boxes " , where Allen served as salesman for a time in 1950 .	Plur
The antigen remains present in almost all T-cell lymphomas and leukaemias , and can therefore be used to distinguish them from superficially similar B-cell and myeloid neoplasms .	Plur
In 2009 Hamilton and Moyes won Songwriters of the Year for their work on " Apocalypso " for The Presets .	Plur
" Aporocidaris fragilis " is found in the North Pacific Ocean between the Kamchatka Peninsula and Alaska at depths of more than .	Plur
By 16 November Corbet had met Requesens and reported back to Burghley on the poor morale and unpopularity of the Spanish forces .	Plur
Outfield players have lower extremity amputations , and goalkeepers have an upper extremity amputation .	Plur
This new mode allow gamers to complete a season in less time than the normal game mode .	Plur
Their descendants include the reigning sovereigns of Belgium , Liechtenstein , and Luxembourg .	Plur
The basal part of the Villavieja Formation comprises siltstones and claystones that also form the bulk of the formation with 75 percent .	Plur
In addition to nine interchanges , the highway also features 23 underpasses , nine overpasses and 15 bridges .	Plur
This anti-urbanist program would compel the city-dwellers to return to a culture of the earth , working alongside peasants for the greatness of the Cambodian nation .	Plur
The two birds into which Philomele and her sister Procne were metamorphosed , were likewise called Attis .	Plur
They brought with them individual preconditions and lived in different parts of Germany which were not all equally affected by the war .	Plur
The rotation will push the cloves to bounce between the wall and the bumpy surface , taking the skin off .	Plur
Achim Jaspert and Andy Cay formed the Split Mirrors in 1985 during a meeting in a rehearsal space in Münster .	Plur
combining practises from different cultures ) .	Plur
University faculty and staff protested the firings and arrests .	Plur
Other events include Greek Treats in October and a luminary display in December .	Plur
For these engines , chief designer Roy Fedden developed special low-drag NACA cowlings which exhausted air through vertical slots flanking the nacelles under the wings .	Plur
By late 1941 , British authorities had also ordered 180 Australian-built Beauforts for the RAF Far East Command , for use in East Asia .	Plur
Seshebo can include chilli , atchaar or curries , depending on the area within the country .	Plur
The refurbishment included two E-ZPass Express Lanes in both directions .	Plur
Health regulations mandate vaccinations and blood testing of animals crossing state lines , so rodeo stock receives routine care .	Plur
Madonna rang up eight sellouts at Wembley Arena beginning August 1 , 2006 , notching the highest " Billboard " gross of 2006 in the process .	Plur
By March 1648 he had accumulated 160 guilders of debt .	Plur
The oral lobes have 10 – 12 indents , preceded on each side by a sensory plate similar to the larva of the " Ceratitis capitata " .	Plur
These include blind salamanders and endemic fish that have adapted to living in complete darkness .	Plur
Similarly , the heel-to-shin test evaluates intention tremors of the lower extremities .	Plur
A postural tremor may also accompany intention tremors .	Plur
Samples comprise tissue biopsies and cell lines .	Plur
He travels the racecourses in his car , making a pretty penny at each , and stowing his takings in a satchel he carries about with him .	Plur
Her Wimbledon house is called The Cedars in some later stories ; many butlers are employed there , including Barker , Baxter and the devious Oakshott .	Plur
Moltke ordered Flies to hold fast and intercept Hanoverians trying to break through westward as Falckenstein ’ s force performed the main Prussian assault from the north .	Plur
The Upper School has separate 2-D and 3-D facilities and a black / white photography lab .	Plur
They have voracious appetites and can consume several times their own weight within a single day .	Plur
" Out Come the Freaks " is the name of a trilogy of songs by art-funk ensemble Was ( Not Was ) .	Plur
She began " The Sleepers " with the idea of experimenting with unconventional forms of portrait photography .	Plur
" You Make My Heart Beat Faster ( And That 's All That Matters )	Plur
Main catches include tilapia ( an introduced species ) , a sardine called topote and a fresh water snail called tegogolo .	Plur
It even left " 3 Idiots " behind in the T.R.P .	Plur
Like many other residents of Puerto Rico at the time , he resented the political injustices practiced by Spain on the island .	Plur
Brugman admired independence advocates Ramón Emeterio Betances and Segundo Ruiz Belvis .	Plur
Although , they might also have served the Egyptian Pharaohs of the 6th century BC .	Plur
In 358 BC he met the Illyrians in battle with his reorganized Macedonian phalanx , and utterly defeated them .	Plur
For example , OpenBSD 's nc supports TLS .	Plur
Certain tests , such as the Schilling test and urea breath test , use radioisotopes but are not used to produce a specific image .	Plur
Alex Rocco also voiced Meyers in " The Day the Violence Died " and " The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show . "	Plur
His name is spelt Meyers in " The Front , " as well as in the book " " .	Plur
Taffyman and Blob round out the castaways of the SS Manure .	Plur
Wang Chung composed and performed the original music soundtrack .	Plur
English benefited from the Republican wave of 1994 as well as Ridge 's coattails .	Plur
Unit selection provides the greatest naturalness , because it applies digital signal processing ( DSP ) to the recorded speech only at concatenation points .	Plur
All candidates except for Poe and Santiago carried their respective hometowns .	Plur
From 1934 he edited " Allers Familiejournal " .	Plur
He directed " The Fades " for which he received a BAFTA for best Drama Series .	Plur
The success of " Pumped Up Kicks " also propelled " Torches " to # 8 on the " Billboard " 200 chart .	Plur
In 2011 , he joined the Unicorns to play in the Clydesdale Bank 40 .	Plur
In 2011 , he joined the Unicorns to play in the Clydesdale Bank 40 .	Plur
The album 's first single , " Like My Mother Does " , reached the Top 40 on the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs chart .	Plur
The Spanish imprisoned the ringleaders of the plot , who included an Apache and a Quivira Indian ( probably a Wichita ) .	Plur
Over the course of the next few years , " inspired " spinoffs as well as a direct fan recreation would be announced .	Plur
The chamber has many mementos of past campanological achievements .	Plur
" Iris orchioides " hybridizes freely with " I. bucharica " to create a large golden-flowered hybrid .	Plur
In 1981 , the Division recognized HLS as a full-fledge high school .	Plur
So he turns for help to Lee Shin-mi , the heiress of Ohsung Group and a notorious penny-pincher .	Plur
They instead release sucrose into the phloem from their starch reserves .	Plur
Miranzai Bangash include both Shias and Sunnis .	Plur
He also published a translation " Sayings of Confucious " and a volume of autobiography , " Some Personalities " ( 1921 ) .	Plur
Jordan allowed the fedayeen to leave for Lebanon via Syria , and the fedayeen later participated in the 1975 Lebanese Civil War .	Plur
They regarded all Nairs as " shudra " .	Plur
Below the Nambudiris came the Tamil Brahmins and other later immigrants of the Brahmin " varna " .	Plur
The eastern Hermann 's tortoises also have arched , almost round carapaces , but some are notably flatter and more oblong .	Plur
After participating in several bird censuses , at the age of 19 he organized 1300 other birdwatchers in a pioneering census of the Great Crested Grebe .	Plur
Looking towards the sea from the castle ruins , the view includes sandhills that proceed up the coast nearly as far as the town of Briton Ferry .	Plur
In August 1982 , Twentieth Century Fox sold Hoyts to a group of four Melbourne businessmen .	Plur
The grenadiers smashed the trunnions of these three guns so they could not be mounted .	Plur
Lt. Col. Smith sent out flankers again , who succeeded in trapping some militia from behind and inflicting casualties .	Plur
He persuaded the town 's selectmen to surrender all private weapons in return for promising that any inhabitant could leave town .	Plur
He played Herakles in the 2004 production of Sondheim 's " The Frogs " .	Plur
Different regions of the world have different Elementals .	Plur
Try Dillons " displayed prominently on the bus shelter opposite its London rival Foyles .	Plur
In the city of Bergen , the communists controlled the local Labour Party chapter Bergens Arbeiderparti , and its newspaper " Arbeidet " .	Plur
A member of the Académie des Sciences Morales et Politiques , Rueff was elected to the Académie française in 1964 .	Plur
About half of people with AML have " normal " cytogenetics ; they fall into an intermediate risk group .	Plur
His thought reflects on history , when the United States was growing in the Western Hemisphere , especially in Latin America early in the 20th Century .	Plur
Eighty-four species of birds inhabit the park environs , based on sightings .	Plur
Mount Maxwell was initially named Mount Baynes by Admiralty surveyor George Henry Richards , after Admiral Sir Robert Lambert Baynes in about 1859 .	Plur
Diplôme National des Beaux-Arts Prix Villa Médicis	Plur
" Senavati " has a few minor " janya " rāgams ( derived scales ) associated with it .	Plur
" Kokilapriya " has a few minor " janya " rāgams ( derived scales ) associated with it .	Plur
" Rupavati " has a few minor " janya " rāgams ( derived scales ) associated with it .	Plur
Commander Heiko Kimura , formerly of the Chaodai Nation , replace Fredericks aboard " seaQuest . "	Plur
The ICT Club hosts hackathons .	Plur
This mechanism of the Nice model similarly generates the Neptune trojans .	Plur
In August 2014 Rotem joined several other right-wing MKs in sponsoring a bill that would make Hebrew the only official language of Israel .	Plur
Boris Becker defeated Pete Sampras 3 – 6 , 6 – 3 , 3 – 6 , 6 – 3 , 6 – 4	Plur
They much more closely resemble the wild forebears of domestic geese , the greylag goose .	Plur
The first athletic teams from Zephyrhills High School were called the Zephyrs .	Plur
The Strikers met the San Diego Nomads of the Western Soccer League , coming from behind to win 3-1 with Edwards scoring the winning Strikers goal .	Plur
The kijimuna also hate octopuses .	Plur
In 2009 , Massampu joined Championnat de France amateur club FC Mantes initially playing on the club 's under-19 team .	Plur
At a spot called " El Calabozo " ( " The Dungeon " ) , the battalion surrounded the IDPs and opened fire at close range .	Plur
In July 2016 , Murry joined the Minnesota Timberwolves for the 2016 NBA Summer League .	Plur
( Tubes Rarities and Smash Hits )	Plur
( Tubes Rarities and Smash Hits ) is a compilation album by the rock band The Tubes , released in November 1981 .	Plur
In mid to late 2014 , Townsend began constructing her second studio EP album , titled " Rocking Chairs " .	Plur
Will 's wife Catherine ( Smart ) is riding his coattails , managing their social success .	Plur
bold = highest score " italics " = race wins	Plur
As shown in the following schematic representation , these peptides contain eight conserved cysteines involved in disulfide bonds .	Plur
Chuck acquiesces and tells Sarah that regardless of how they feel towards each other , they can never be together .	Plur
Young-hee suddenly whispers , " Burn the notebook , so you can get out of here . "	Plur
In addition , they supported the Cockney Rejects at the first Rejects ' London show in 20 years .	Plur
The railway also lacked ballasts as the Johor government was unable to afford them .	Plur
Their Queens performed sati at their funeral pyres .	Plur
" Baarikiyani " ( wife of a barber ) offers the bride 's bangles , toe ring , sindura and sari to the Goddess .	Plur
Control Freaks or control freak , may refer to :	Plur
For years , Velsicol produced polybrominated biphenyls , DDT , cattle feed additives , and various other chemicals at its plant in St. Louis , Michigan .	Plur
Each pulse produces two transients , an oscillation resulting from the sudden rise in voltage and another oscillation from the sudden drop in voltage .	Plur
Similarly to SDM developed by NASA in the 80s and vector space models used in Latent semantic analysis , HTM also uses Sparse Distributed Representations .	Plur
Other items of interest include vintage typewriters , one a very early Woodstock electric model , and a 1917 Tiffany grandfather clock .	Plur
While steaming in convoy from Oran to Bizerte on 20 April 1944 , she helped repulse a determined German air attack which sank three ships , including .	Plur
Such professionals include physical therapists , nutritionists , pilates instructors , massage therapists , and dance medicine physicians .	Plur
The family includes swallows and martins .	Plur
The Panzer Lehr Division had Panzer IVs , and a number of the forty and assault guns in the division on 1 June .	Plur
He also coached the Idaho Sneakers from 1994 through 1997 and the Newport Beach Dukes from 1990 through 1993 .	Plur
Each " Yurt " includes bunks for sleeping 6 people , table and chairs , electric lighting and a heater .	Plur
Cairo and Alexandria are considered Egypt 's biggest metropolises .	Plur
The Philippines has three metropolises as defined by the National Economic and Development Authority .	Plur
Manufacturers in many different countries have built blimps in many different designs .	Plur
More purpose-built trays are also used which hold pencils even while the board is being adjusted .	Plur
In response , Cisco later developed homegrown ASICs and fast processing cards for GSR routers and Catalyst 6500 switches .	Plur
In 1975 , LaVey disbanded all " grottos " , then reinstated them in the 1980s .	Plur
The show imitated and spoofed " The Honeymooners " , although the early voice characterization for Barney was that of Lou Costello .	Plur
" The Simpsons " referenced " The Flintstones " in several episodes .	Plur
Jones co-wrote " Ripping Yarns " with Palin .	Plur
Some modern winemakers and brewers are using amphoras to provide a different palate and tastes to their products than are available with other aging methods .	Plur
In the Cryogenian period the Earth experienced large glaciations , and temperatures were at least as cool as today .	Plur
Alternatively , they can enhance the store ’ s atmospherics through visual communications ( signs and graphics ) , lighting , colors , and even scents .	Plur
Spielberg used doves for the seagulls that Henry scares into striking the German plane because the real gulls used in the first take did not fly .	Plur
Drop registrars usually work for a domain back-order service , and receive a percentage of the final auction price .	Plur
Both Germany and the Soviet Union mainly built casemate AFVs by using the chassis of already existing turreted tanks , instead of designing them from scratch .	Plur
The red stripes , whose blood red hue stands for courage , glory and pride , represent the Tigris .	Plur
Many export markets sold the hatchbacks as Mirage or Colt , with the sedan and wagon commonly badged Lancer .	Plur
Students will attend OTS upon completion of their bachelor 's degree and this will be their source of commissioning .	Plur
Women from different communities & artisans produce zari and made-ups for weaving , embroidery , crocheting , braiding , etc .	Plur
The law school ranks 17th , tied with Cornell Law School , in graduates securing the most coveted United States Supreme Court clerkships in recent years .	Plur
The law school ranks 17th , tied with Cornell Law School , in graduates securing the most coveted U.S. Supreme Court clerkships in recent years .	Plur
In crossing-over , a Spo11 enzyme makes staggered nicks in a pair of sister chromatid strands ( in a tetrad organization of prophase ) .	Plur
The Shah-i-Zinda Ensemble includes mausoleums and other ritual buildings of 9-14th and 19th centuries .	Plur
Flinders gave him the chronometers to return to the Greenwich Observatory .	Plur
London Buses routes 195 and E8 – E denotes Ealing – serve the station .	Plur
The Commonwealth leased the Assistant Keepers ' Quarters in 1991 and the Head Keeper 's Quarters in 1994 as private residences , both for 125 years .	Plur
She questions the shallowness of modern life and the American Dream during the presidency of George W. Bush .	Plur
She also questions the shallowness of modern life and the American Dream .	Plur
Between June 1963 and September 1967 the airline also acquired an additional four DC-4s , and in May 1965 it obtained two Douglas DC-6s .	Plur
Automated assisted support enables remote access to sites that need instant problem solving .	Plur
He led the Quakes to the MLS Supporters ' Shield in 2005 .	Plur
For example , neon signs have hollow cathodes designed to minimize sputtering , and contain charcoal to continuously remove undesired ions and atoms .	Plur
Although saving time , this process can cause ruts and erosion along the edge of the road .	Plur
They appointed vicars and kept bishops at bay , until the royal peculiar was ended in 1858 .	Plur
It provided the launching pad that same year ( 1976 ) for her first album in her own right , " Airs and Graces " .	Plur
The opposition to the Prieto administration immediately accused Portales of tyranny , and started a heated press campaign against him personally and the unpopular war in general .	Plur
The pair soon find their destinies increasingly entwined with that of the circus .	Plur
The two were given the title " Second Founders " for their work .	Plur
Two guests arrive late : the groom and bride 's disgruntled exes , Tracy Farrell and Wilson Briggs , who bond over their mutual anger .	Plur
Teredo routes these datagrams on the IPv4 Internet and through NAT devices .	Plur
Competition drove cashiers to offer additional services including paying money to any person bearing a written order from a depositor to do so .	Plur
The limbs have dark crossbars .	Plur
MOHN joined other AAS as a controlled substance in the United States on 20 January 2005 .	Plur
While distanced from the " Fabula Nova Crystallis " brand for marketing purposes , the world of " XV " still uses its mythos and design elements .	Plur
Born in Tyumen , Zlobin joined Portuguese club U.D .	Plur
Pilgrims also visit the mausoleums of other important Mouride leaders , many of whose tombs are located near the mosque .	Plur
Includes giveaways , stunts , and comedy bits .	Plur
Tip kneels before Maetta , pleading to be restored to his true form .	Plur
Connolly ’ s Healthcare Division serves commercial and government payers in the identification of erroneous healthcare claims .	Plur
Its membership included separate NOCs for Guam , American Samoa , Puerto Rico and { the U.S. Virgin Islands .	Plur
The compact nature of the village creates streetscapes that juxtapose the buildings from each era .	Plur
McCann later joined The Dubliners .	Plur
They do not use chillers / air conditioners , which creates potential energy savings in the millions .	Plur
Singh produced " Ten Ragas " using three electronic musical instruments made by the Roland Corporation : the Jupiter-8 synthesizer , Roland TR-808 , and Roland TB-303 .	Plur
In the Middle Ages this family supported the Ghibellines and it was one of the family that the archbishop Ruggieri degli Ubaldini incited against Ugolino della Gherardesca .	Plur
The station also served the Tavares , Orlando and Atlantic Railroad and the Orlando and Winter Park Railway .	Plur
The campaign uses gun amnesties and advertisements encouraging people to phone Crimestoppers with information related to gun crime .	Plur
Their film credits together include " M " , " Spies " and " Destiny " .	Plur
All of these techniques involve modified optical microscopes to locate the area to be analysed , direct the probe beam and collect the analytical signal .	Plur
Current board seats include Synthetic Genomics , Planet Labs , Nervana Systems ( acquired by Intel ) , Flux , D-Wave , SpaceX , and Tesla .	Plur
Connecting the concept of Lemuria to an ancient Tamil civilization allowed the Tamil revivalists to portray a society completely free of Indo-Aryan influence .	Plur
However , this did not stop the Tamil revivalists from invoking the text .	Plur
These include simple powerups such as extra shuriken or health packs , as well as special items to gain lives or extra ninjutsu attacks .	Plur
Over the course of the " Reloaded " and " Revolutions " plot arcs , he has three brief altercations with warriors of Zion .	Plur
Judas leaves the rebel Barabbas and joins the Apostles .	Plur
When Lucius frees Barabbas , Lucius pointedly commands Barabbas to go look at Christ as he carries his cross .	Plur
In October 2008 , Seinfeld briefly joined Tattooed Millionaires as a bassist and co-vocalist .	Plur
Between these a V-shaped ridge extending proximally serves for the insertion of the flexor pollicis longus .	Plur
This allowed the Thebans to assault in strength the elite Spartan troops on the right flank of the opposing phalanx .	Plur
Epiphanius wrote hagiographies of both St. Stephen of Perm and St. Sergius .	Plur
In the next several years , he appeared in the well-received film adaptation " Holes " ( 2003 ) .	Plur
Later that month , LaBeouf confirmed their nuptials on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show . "	Plur
The city of Jayuya converted the Blanca Canales home into a historical museum .	Plur
They do not use quivers but carry arrows by hand .	Plur
He befriended local Aborigines , learning their language and customs .	Plur
Columbia also issued a few 10-inch 78s in 1931 with concentric grooves for their cheap Harmony , Clarion , and Velvet Tone labels .	Plur
Economic difficulties and war caused the closings of some of the original stations , though a newer station was created in Uzbekistan after World War I .	Plur
In the late 1920s , two researchers independently identified " L. monocytogenes " from animal outbreaks .	Plur
This can included stillbirths , preterm labor , newborn sepsis , and meningitis .	Plur
Augusta County voter elected Unionists Stuart , John Brown Baldwin ( his brother-in-law ) and George Baylor to represent them in the Virginia Secession Convention of 1861 .	Plur
Stuart also took oaths of allegiance to the United States and to the loyal government of Virginia .	Plur
The former gives exactness at the " C " spot , and the latter gives exactness at the " A " spot .	Plur
Tiamat gave Kingu the 3 Tablets of Destiny , which he wore as a breastplate and which gave him great power .	Plur
In November 2016 , Orbis International donated their first McDonnell-Douglas DC-10 Flying Eye Hospital to the museum , after receiving a second DC-10 from FedEx .	Plur
and in September 2013 , Prime Minister David Cameron visited Perry Beeches III The Free School shortly after it had opened .	Plur
Celtic faced Lincoln Red Imps ( Gibraltar ) in the Second Qualifying Round of the UEFA Champions League .	Plur
In the years to come TDM convinced the motorcyclists all over Europe of its benefits .	Plur
The Group insures over 16,000 nonprofits in 32 states and the District of Columbia , and controls over $ 443 million in assets .	Plur
On 5 November , Bayern played 1899 Hoffenheim at home on matchday 10 of the Bundesliga .	Plur
The success of " Property Brothers " spawned several spinoffs , including " Buying and Selling " ( 2012 – present ) and " Brother vs .	Plur
Two years later , Media Diversified launched the Experts Directory , a database of experts of colour aimed at media organisations .	Plur
He told the congressmen : " I have to candidly admit that there are people who don 't feel like the rules apply to them . "	Plur
Later Route 231 dips below the level of the railroad tracks around Wendy Street , but returns to the same level .	Plur
The Second Vatican Council of the 1960s liberalised the strictures of Catholic religious life , particularly for women in holy orders .	Plur
High waves damaged the boardwalks at Belmar and Allenhurst .	Plur
The pedestal features carved escutcheons on two faces with the Henderson family arms .	Plur
Thus , custom interfaces can better encapsulate workspaces , actions , and objects for specific complex tasks .	Plur
He also appeared as a guest on the Canadian children 's program , " Ants in Your Pants " .	Plur
Chesh also played with a band called Red Sails including the talented young drummer Clive Jenner who later became drummer with Groove Armada and The Proclaimers .	Plur
The findings show that shorter commutes correlate with high values for density , diversity , and job accessibility .	Plur
The builders ingeniously put closets in the same location on every floor to facilitate the possible future installation of an elevator .	Plur
He painted the christenings of Prince William and Prince Harry , and also gave drawing lessons to The Prince of Wales .	Plur
An application based on VTD-XML can also use offsets and lengths to address tokens , or element fragments .	Plur
The Broadway end attracted slaughterhouses and boiling down works that used the creek draining to Blackwattle Swamp .	Plur
To find his would-be-killer ( s ) , Charlie must outguess police reps from both Scotland Yard and New York City Police .	Plur
The sculpture of the shell shows strong spiral lirae and spiral keels with fine axial threads in the interstices .	Plur
Males of most species survive a few matings , limited mainly by their short life spans .	Plur
However , males of most species survive a few matings , limited mainly by their short life spans .	Plur
Well-known examples include tarantulas , ctenizid trapdoor spiders and the Australasian funnel-web spiders .	Plur
It also includes Russian armaments and certain Western equipment in use against Soviets at the Eastern Front .	Plur
He calls Agnès , tells her he is at his mother 's , and asks her to pick him up .	Plur
In 1933 William Arthur Parks had named " Ornithomimus elegans " , based on specimen ROM 781 , another foot from Alberta .	Plur
He described numerous Chinese ankylosaurs .	Plur
To this day , The Smiths and New Order covers still punctuate concert encores .	Plur
In 2004 , the band released the EP " Waterworks " on What Are Records ? .	Plur
Then he founded Megalopolis which became its new capital .	Plur
He wore the Perros del Mal shirt , and though it was only an appearance , was considered a member of the stable .	Plur
A 2012 assessment of the literature identifies methane hydrates on the Shelf of East Arctic Seas as a potential trigger .	Plur
He co-starred 1962 film titled " Black Candles " with Najat Al Saghira who sang in it her widely known song " Do not lie " .	Plur
This causes huge overloads that trip local breakers delaying full system recovery .	Plur
They faced the Quebecers for the title at the Royal Rumble in January 1994 .	Plur
For " prolate " spheroids ( i.e. , cigar-shaped spheroids with two short axes and one long axis )	Plur
Similarly , for " oblate " spheroids ( i.e. , discus-shaped spheroids with two long axes and one short axis )	Plur
These time constants can differ significantly when the axial ratio formula _ 26 deviates significantly from 1 , especially for prolate spheroids .	Plur
According to Hendrik Voss , Mr. Pancks displays vocal tics including snorting and blowing , and obsessive behaviors .	Plur
The demo features the two playable characters Keats and Ellen , with the ability to choose from either of them .	Plur
The seal bears Sehetepibre 's prenomen and is dedicated to " " Hathor , Lady of [ Byblos ] " " .	Plur
He then won the English Play-offs in Leeds to ensure his return to the Main Tour for 2007 / 08 season .	Plur
Afterwards , Mona also has cunnilingus performed on her by a prostitute ( Susan Stewart ) .	Plur
Smaller Christian groups include : Arameans , Georgians , Ossetians and Russians .	Plur
Smaller communities of Middle Eastern Christian peoples in Israel also include the Maronites , Assyrians , Armenians , Georgians and Messianic Jews .	Plur
In 1977 Fuller followed Akers to the University of Texas at Austin .	Plur
Removing the sword conjures up the ghost of Joan , leading to her telling her story .	Plur
In 1843 Hamilton discovered the quaternions , and it was to Graves that he made on 17 October his first written communication of the discovery .	Plur
A disconnect between internal moral standards and " contemplated actions " reduces the activation internalized deterrents that otherwise would prevent people from acting unethically .	Plur
Those HSC squadrons retain their former HS squadron 6xx modexes ( 610 and above ) .	Plur
Snell won by inches in 1 : 46.3 to Moens ’ 1 : 46.5 .	Plur
Despite their unclassical form , however , they approach the ancients in their freedom from ecclesiastical and dogmatic tendencies .	Plur
Metochites composed meditations on the beauty of the sea ; Planudes was the author of a long poetic idyll , a genre uncultivated by Byzantine scholars .	Plur
Here also belong the ranting theological exhortations resembling those of the Capuchin in Schiller 's " Wallenstein " .	Plur
They free the other Leaguers , and the Key is imprisoned .	Plur
Animated Blue Kryptonite golems once erupted from the Htrae surface , bent on defeating the Bizarros and were cheered on by the Bizarro Loises .	Plur
By 1998 Dillon had joined Critters Buggin as a fourth member , thus forming the current line-up as of a July 2008 tour .	Plur
Gregory of Tours states Pronimius had left Bourges to live in Septimania " for some reason or other " .	Plur
Kondraty Fyodorovich Ryleyev , also spelled Kondraty Feodorovich Ryleev ( , September 29 ( September 18 O.S .	Plur
They attack male sticklebacks that enter their territory , but court females and entice them to enter the nest to lay eggs .	Plur
In keeping with the book 's subject , Harvey wanted letterforms that reflected the Art Nouveau period .	Plur
To accomplish this he drew the letterforms freehand , giving them highly animated organic strokes and narrow character set .	Plur
In 2016 Gillespie released the self-produced " Out of the Badlands " .	Plur
Many DIY E-Mountainboard Builders are constantly developing new drivetrains for their boards with electric motors , rivaling the power of small motorcycles , becoming the norm .	Plur
Bass drummers use mallets with rounded or cylindrical heads often made of hard felt .	Plur
On 18 April , U.S. forces launched Operation Praying Mantis , attacking the Iranian frigates and and Revolutionary Guard bases in the Sirri and Sassan oil fields .	Plur
The Republic of Venice accused the Uskoks of piracy and declared war on them which led to their expulsion following a truce in 1617 .	Plur
In cooler regions of North India , immense pre-monsoon squall-line thunderstorms , known locally as " Nor 'westers " , commonly drop large hailstones .	Plur
Byzantine and Georgian missionaries partially Christianised the Ingush , although Christianity was weakened by the Mongol invasions .	Plur
Russian propaganda portrayed Chechens and Ingush as " traitors " .	Plur
The early Earls of Arundel ( up to 1243 ) were often also called Earls of Sussex .	Plur
Volumes 5 and 6 , which appeared from 1843 to 1854 , were called " Abstracts of the Papers Communicated to the Royal Society of London " .	Plur
The episode begins with an armless , nameless gunslinger , dubbed Slim by the narrator .	Plur
Rodgers had previously improvised his fireships at the Washington Navy Yard .	Plur
The Spaniards taught the neophytes more in depth aspects of the Catholic faith and introduced them to the European lifestyle .	Plur
Durán trained the neophytes in music , organizing both a choir and a 30 piece orchestra that became famous throughout California .	Plur
Fray Ibarra continued his labors alone until the middle of 1835 when he retired to Mexico .	Plur
The residents as referred to above were called neophytes ( Indigenous person ) after baptism .	Plur
Brain related symptoms include tremors , muscle stiffness , trouble speaking , personality changes , anxiety , and seeing or hearing things that others do not .	Plur
A slit-lamp examination can reveal dryness on the surface of the eye .	Plur
It isn 't thick or thin brushstrokes , it 's dots and flat colours and unyielding lines . "	Plur
Gray four-eyed opossums do not have a well defined territory , and home range stability depends on the availability of adequate resources .	Plur
Little is known about gray four-eyed opossums mating habits but they are in the family Didelphidae and so most likely to be polygynous .	Plur
The OCA also includes the NOCs of Chinese Taipei , Hong Kong and Palestine .	Plur
The diet of white-eared opossums also makes them effective seed dispersers .	Plur
Lilandra ordered the Starjammers to transport the nega-bomb into Kree space .	Plur
The 2nd Winter Asiad saw three NOCs participating in the games for the first time : Chinese Taipei , Iran and the Philippines .	Plur
The chain 's menu also features appetizers , burgers , tacos , salads , and desserts , along with beer , wine , and other beverages .	Plur
I found prunes like those of Spain , and nuts and very good sweet grapes and mulberries . "	Plur
After parting with the Hare Krishnas , Richard continued his wanderings in India , traveling " from ashram to ashram and guru to guru " .	Plur
At her death , both her grandchildren had already produced great-grandchildren for her .	Plur
Finishing Positions in AAA championships .	Plur
In 2004 she was refitted with two V-12 Electro-Motive Division ( EMD ) 12-645F7B diesels rated at each .	Plur
April 1994 marked the first annual Nurses ' Ball , a fundraiser for HIV and AIDS awareness both within the storyline and in real life .	Plur
The original script had Helena threaten the Spencers along with the rest of Port Charles with a biotoxin , which was quickly deemed inappropriate and dropped .	Plur
Zach then pursues Vicky at other campgrounds across the country .	Plur
Nevertheless , she helps the healers to restore his heart , averting the death he so feared .	Plur
MSD also augments other DSS agents in high-threat or high-profile protection missions .	Plur
Third Culture Kids include military brats , missionary kids , diplomatic kids , and business kids .	Plur
Other commissioned works include " The Thirteen Clocks " , " Glorious th 'Assembled Fires " , and " Symphony of Songs " .	Plur
The hostage crisis split the Chechens , with Salman Raduyev denounced by top Chechen rebel leaders .	Plur
In January 2007 Fleming joined Wolverhampton wanderers on a one-month loan deal and played once against Cardiff City .	Plur
( Must purchase new PCM and ABS module and program them with a fake VIN to make this work . )	Plur
Sharkey , who was born in Derry , Northern Ireland , joined The Undertones shortly after their formation in 1975 .	Plur
Bobby led the Tides to a 67-75 record , which was good for fourth in the five-team West Division of the International League .	Plur
Notwithstanding his earlier rebukes of A.E .	Plur
In the winter , they erected the more substantial longhouses , in which more than one clan could reside .	Plur
There , the men hunted beaver , caribou , moose and white-tailed deer .	Plur
Saddleworth Moor rises above Greenfield and leads over impressively barren and disorientating moorlands to Holmfirth .	Plur
Botanical garden ( Jardin Botánico ) called Juan María Céspedes in Mateguadua village .	Plur
This includes such desserts as " Manjarblanco " , " Natilla " and " Trasnochado " ( maize , cheese , yucca and arracacha ) .	Plur
The range sold in Germany comprises more than 70 different tarts , tortes , pies and cakes including pavlovas , cheesecakes , strudels , crumbles and marscapones .	Plur
Federer next faced Swiss compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka .	Plur
He led the Eaglets in receptions as a junior with 29 for 604 yards ( 20.8 avg . )	Plur
In his later years McKeever founded the Kilimanjaro Achievers Organisation , and through this led many expeditions to Mount Kilimanjaro for Irish secondary school students .	Plur
Its current distribution includes Cairngorms , the Black Isle , Aberdeenshire , Angus Glens and Ardnamurchan .	Plur
The male elephant carving precedes that of its female partner .	Plur
He then studied Mechanics at the Carmen B. Huyke High School .	Plur
That said , the album does have its failings .	Plur
In addition to the snowy " Hunters " ( December – January ) , it included " The Harvesters " ( August ) .	Plur
Walsh auditioned a thousand young hopefuls for his latest pop endeavour and spent over a year whittling the numbers down until he finally settled on 5 members .	Plur
A Catalogue of Ivan Fedorovich Choultsé 's works ] / / Fond Choultsé I.F .	Plur
The following year River won its second Copa Libertadores , defeating América de Cali in the finals again ten years after .	Plur
These include various sedges and also ferns , such as Christmas fern , sweet fern , hay-scented fern , and interrupted fern .	Plur
Amphibians inhabiting the mountain include wood frogs , pickerel frogs , dusky salamanders , and red spotted newts .	Plur
( The reason why Shi sent Li was because Li and Yang had prior grudges against each other . )	Plur
Lawyer Manny Conditsis had represented Monis and had also offered help because he said that Monis respected what he had to say to him .	Plur
At one point , the device picked up Monis saying that he wanted to kill any escaping hostages .	Plur
The first floor has single skin tongue and groove partitions , boarded ceilings and clerestory skylights .	Plur
He is currently filming " Autumn Never Dies " , the sequel to his earlier film " The Greyness of Autumn " .	Plur
His father was named Baltazar Valdes , and was a native American who worked as a musician .	Plur
Underground cables linked the main control substations to automated substations , the distribution being controlled from a room in City Hall .	Plur
This emphasizes the “ otherness ” of Native American woman who are considered to be a squaw figures if they don 't adopt these beauty regimes .	Plur
Hobar faced Sergio Pettis at UFC 181 on December 6 , 2014 .	Plur
Chains like Burger King , Church 's Chicken , McDonald 's , and Starbucks provide free WiFi at their numerous locals .	Plur
The program enables community-based nonprofits and government agencies to implement Individual Development Account or IDA programs , which are an asset-based development initiative .	Plur
This gave Bolivians of indigenous descent more economic and political rights .	Plur
In " Arrear " , teams had to herd three ostriches from one corral to another without touching or scaring them to receive their next clue .	Plur
Once again several locomotives required new cranks .	Plur
As of the Daytona 500 their sponsors included 75000000.com , Wix Filters , Simpson Race Products , and Russo 's Tinting .	Plur
They include the first stable carbenes postulated ( but not isolated ) by Hans-Werner Wanzlick around 1960 .	Plur
The shell lacks an epidermis .	Plur
Its molecular structure closely resembles benzodiazepines and is unrelated to other antidepressant drug classes .	Plur
When he returned to Mendoza , he found Remedios already dead .	Plur
Players use only Miis as playable character to play this game .	Plur
He staged " Ceremonies in Dark Old Men " , as one of the company 's first productions .	Plur
Recent developments in brain scanning techniques have shown neuroscientists that the posterior secondary cortex plays an extremely important part in the processing of pitch in the brain .	Plur
This includes several anteaters and a member of the other sloth family , that of the three-toed sloths , restricted to a small island in Panama .	Plur
He observed the yaws , tetanus , various types of paralysis , dysentery , hemeralopia , maculopapular .	Plur
It has darker crossbars down the back , with a pale vertebral stripe .	Plur
The CDC has identified 16 Critical Sexual Education Topics that should be taught in all middle and high schools .	Plur
The Dove Foundation gave the movie four doves and its seal of approval ( recommended for ages 12 and over ) .	Plur
It has six tuners , a modem and a router on board .	Plur
< nowiki > * < / nowiki > Draws also include penalty shootouts , regardless of the outcome .	Plur
Indian forests types include tropical evergreens , tropical deciduous , swamps , mangroves , sub-tropical , montane , scrub , sub-alpine and alpine forests .	Plur
Phoenicians called the local rabbits ' hyraxes ' because rabbits resemble hyraxes in some ways , and hyraxes are native to Phoenicia , unlike rabbits .	Plur
In 496 Remigius baptized Clovis I , who was converted from paganism to Catholicism .	Plur
The German infantry had many machine-guns and automatic rifles , mortars , flame-throwers and hand-grenades , supported by which had been registered on all likely targets .	Plur
When it closed , Dalston operated Routemasters ( RM ) and Leyland Nationals ( LS ) .	Plur
Other lobbying focusses directly on use of free software by government agencies and government-funded projects .	Plur
Many countries regulate their slaughterhouses by law .	Plur
Other non-football games that feature tackling or similar concepts include British bulldogs , hurling , hockey and shinty .	Plur
The band was renamed the Mothers , coincidentally on Mother 's Day .	Plur
He frequently lampooned musical fads like psychedelia , rock opera and disco .	Plur
Unfortunately , this can motivate trolls to intensify their activities , creating additional distractions .	Plur
In a radio interview , he commented , " Well , the AIA I never joined , and they know why .	Plur
Bus and taxi drivers hold Public Service Licenses ( PSVs ) issued by the LTA .	Plur
Finnish politicians have often emulated other Nordics and the Nordic model .	Plur
The French republic finances the functionaries working in education , justice , hospitals , gendarmerie ( military police ) , and military .	Plur
He married Elizabeth Meeks in 1759 , and they had two children , John and William .	Plur
After a failed revolt by Morisco leader Aben Humeya ( or Ibn Umayyah ) in 1568 , the Christian monarchs expelled the Moriscos from Spain .	Plur
While struggling with this new responsibility , Po rejoices upon reuniting with his biological father , Li .	Plur
SRSS organizes round table for mutual fund trustees .	Plur
He also ran the Écoles académiques lilloises .	Plur
Calls opposing the nomination flooded the switchboards of members of Congress .	Plur
Despite the possible peril it brought , most Americans were still paying their nannies off the books .	Plur
A good forecasting method will yield residuals that are uncorrelated .	Plur
In a 2004 BBC poll , Mujib was voted the Greatest Bengali of all time .	Plur
It contains the small , mostly insectivorous or omnivorous migrant thrushes of North America and the nightingale-thrushes of Central and South America .	Plur
Bryant made two buzzer beaters to win the game and the Pacific Division title .	Plur
X-rays show patchy infiltrates or a diffuse whiteout of lung fields .	Plur
Instruments included the double-reed aulos and the plucked string instrument ( like pandura ) , the lyre , especially the special kind called a kithara .	Plur
Instrumentalists include clarinet virtuosos like Petroloukas Halkias , Yiorgos Yevyelis and Yiannis Vassilopoulos , as well as oud and fiddle players like Nikos Saragoudas and Yiorgos Koros .	Plur
They played three doubleheaders in 2009 and one doubleheader in 2010 .	Plur
Hippolyte Lucas observed scarlet acarine mites on European earwigs .	Plur
During this time he also joined an early Mechanics Institute .	Plur
These included Christian Protestant reformers who supported such leaders as Martin Luther , John Calvin , and others .	Plur
Following the season , Martin left the Platers and became the head coach of the St. Louis Blues .	Plur
Opioids inhibit the medulla 's chemoreceptors through the mu and delta receptors .	Plur
Buprenorphine and methadone can help decrease drug cravings .	Plur
Research concentrates on three main axes : law and new social relations ; law and information and communications technologies ; and , law , biotechnology and community .	Plur
Wally catches the lads digging up the school lawn ; and the quest lands them in trouble during cross-country .	Plur
( " Who got the 343 sluts [ bitches ] from the abortion manifesto pregnant ? " ) .	Plur
The Lebanese Druze also persecuted the Maronites , and massacred in excess of 50,000 of them in the mid-1800s .	Plur
He left Purefoods , after being selected by Jong Uichico as the RP men 's basketball team assistant coach .	Plur
In 1827 , while still a teenager , Ehrlich joined the Piarists .	Plur
When these diploid spores fertilized one another , they formed allotetraploid zygotes that grew into sporophytes .	Plur
The flower buds have inflated pale green calyces and the sepals are extended backwards into a short spur .	Plur
The film featured Rhys Ifans as Marks and Chloë Sevigny as his wife Judy .	Plur
The Lie algebra E8 contains as subalgebras all the exceptional Lie algebras as well as many other important Lie algebras in mathematics and physics .	Plur
The British Army ordered regimental amalgamations in 1957 , 1966 , 1990 and 2003 .	Plur
Riveted seams in ships and boilers were formerly sealed by hammering the metal .	Plur
Closed-cell rod will also lose firmness and out-gas if damaged during installation or overcompressed or at sharp bends .	Plur
Sealing cracks and crevices prevents ingress by rodents .	Plur
The National Park Service Natural Sounds and Night Skies Division actively protects the soundscapes and acoustic environments in national parks across the country .	Plur
This group of fans call themselves the ' Toon Ultras ' .	Plur
Glick was once given 400 mutton patties by Ted Nugent for Christmas .	Plur
On March 1 , 1999 , MGM Grand Inc. acquired Primadonna Resorts in an all-stock transaction that had been announced on November 9 , 1998 .	Plur
In parts of the United States , erotic dancers wear pasties in strip clubs to avoid prosecution under local public indecency laws .	Plur
Some women wear pasties when wearing a strapless or backless dress .	Plur
Some women who choose to be braless may at times wear pasties .	Plur
They may wear pasties so that their nipples and areolae are not visible through sheer clothing or lingerie , or in case they experience a nipple erection .	Plur
Some women wear pasties to avoid irritation of the nipples by rubbing against the fabric of the outer garment .	Plur
These microfacets have normals that are distributed about the normal of the approximating smooth surface .	Plur
Still in 2014 , the actress played the stewardess Ines , in " Boogie Oogie " .	Plur
Common head groups include thiols , silanes , phosphonates , etc .	Plur
Today , Hungary has four large commercial brewers which produce mainly light lagers ( ) and German-style dark beers ( bocks , ) .	Plur
Mithridates VI conquered the Colchis , and gave it to his son Mithridates of Colchis .	Plur
The types of commitment can include oaths , affirmations and promises which are explained in more detail below .	Plur
Applications of the hybrid include monopulse comparators , mixers , power combiners , dividers , modulators , and phased array radar antenna systems .	Plur
The dashboard featured Silver interior trims and the steering wheel included a plastic insert featuring the RenaultSport logo .	Plur
The RB Limited Editions feature the 18-inch black alloyed Interlagos alloy wheels wrapped in Bridgestone ’ s REO50A tyres .	Plur
The Letterlike Symbols block contains two emoji :	Plur
In 2007 Mandisa covered " Shackles ( Praise You ) " on her debut album True Beauty ( album ) .	Plur
After Olivia later discovers the two innocently talking while Cathy is bathing , she calls them sinners .	Plur
On December 8 , 2012 , Mark McMorris and Yuki Kadono landed the first ever triple corks at an Air & Style event .	Plur
During 1918 and 1919 , the government expelled Mensheviks and Socialist Revolutionaries from the soviets .	Plur
In 2003 , Vekoma premiered the Motorbike Coaster at the IAAPA expo .	Plur
During the Miocene , however , competition from the newly developed bovids , which were very efficient grazers and browsers , displaced the hyraxes into marginal niches .	Plur
Besides numerous reviews , he has given obituaries on TV and radio for many noted actors and directors .	Plur
Past performers include Scorpions , Motörhead and AC / DC .	Plur
He had two large haciendas one in Arroyo Naranjo the other , La Güira in Pinar del Río , which housed a rural public school .	Plur
Toxin-antitoxin systems could prevent harmful large deletions in a bacterial genome , though arguably deletions of large coding regions are fatal to a daughter cell regardless .	Plur
The killer spots Lawes at his window , and realises he has been seen .	Plur
Tramway substations and the New Farm Powerhouse were designed by engineers in the Council 's Tramways Department .	Plur
The brother of her designer described these catamarans as outstanding upwind performers :	Plur
George won the Scottish Triples in 1974 and British Triples in 1975 .	Plur
STXfilms projects include Bad Moms , Molly 's Game , Jackie Chan-starrer The Foreigner , and The Gift .	Plur
In the end , a hooded person attacked Reigns with a Superkick , which then allowed Wyatt to execute Sister Abigail for the win .	Plur
At Battleground , Bray Wyatt defeated Roman Reigns after interference from Luke Harper .	Plur
It lacks cheilocystidia or they are poorly formed and it lacks pleurocystidia .	Plur
Charb 's column in " Charlie Hebdo " was titled " Charb n 'aime pas les gens " ( " Charb does not like people " ) .	Plur
It brought forth several spinoffs and merchandise licensing deals .	Plur
Cody Ross , the leader of the rebound , hit 2 grand slams in 2 weeks .	Plur
Those include the Quartier des Spectacles and the Quartier de la Santé .	Plur
This book contains prophesies attributed to the prophet Isaiah .	Plur
The fifth order veins forking from the fourth order veins form quadrangular areoles .	Plur
An eight-episode drama about baking , it stars Singaporean singer-actress Kit Chan and Taiwanese actor Chris Lee .	Plur
Two weeks later , SAnitY called out The Authors of Pain , who were attacked by Eric Young as they made their way down the ramp .	Plur
Its woodland plants include bluebells , dog 's mercury , hart 's-tongue fern and Solomon 's Seal .	Plur
At the event , the NGO showcased educational football diplomacy toolkits which included youth leadership programs in bringing together youths from different backgrounds , religions and ethnicities .	Plur
They had their only child Martina Campos .	Plur
She was recently named one of the top five " Sexiest Sportscasters in America " by Playboy .	Plur
It had double cutaways to allow easier access to the top frets .	Plur
The body of the electric violin compared to an acoustic violin has cutaways that allow for weight reduction and a lighter body .	Plur
Each commander had four Starships under his control and these starships could be upgraded with MODS ( modules ) that would increase the ships capabilities .	Plur
Ennis marries his fiancée Alma Beers in November 1963 and starts a family , having two daughters , Alma Jr. and Jenny .	Plur
The men reunite , and their passion immediately rekindles .	Plur
His girlfriend , Heather ( Shannandoah Sorin ) despises farts and becomes angry with Russell because all he does is watch television and fart .	Plur
The Evangelical Christian Publishers Association awarded Wangerin six Gold Medallions ( now Christian Book Awards ) in several categories .	Plur
These facilities eventually housed more than 60 active duty and Air National Guard F-4s and more than 2,600 military members .	Plur
Received five Republic F-84G Thunderjets becoming the first Guard unit west of the Mississippi River to be equipped with the jets .	Plur
The American experience of fundamental law with amendments and judicial review has motivated constitutionalists at times when they were considering the possibilities for their nation 's future .	Plur
In the four months following the elections , the outgoing Congress created several new judgeships , which were filled by President John Adams .	Plur
Examples of this include speakeasies and bootlegging , as well as illegal distilling operations .	Plur
" I Love the ' 90s ( UK TV series )	Plur
While staying in London over the 1794 Christmas season , Coleridge began writing " Religious Musings " .	Plur
Fibrin consists of the blood proteins fibrinogen and thrombin which participate in blood clotting .	Plur
Some files contain footers as well , making it just as simple to identify the ending of the file .	Plur
Amenities include indoor heated washrooms and outdoor hot tubs .	Plur
Linguistic and genetic evidence indicates the Romanies originated from the Indian subcontinent , emigrating from India towards the northwest no earlier than the 11th century .	Plur
18 swimmers swam prelims of the event , the top-8 of which advanced to the next day 's final .	Plur
In January 2015 , Royal Boskalis Westminster increased its shareholdings in Fugro to 20.1 % .	Plur
In 1971 another Italian , Bruno Beneck , succeeded Steno Borghese during the Congress held in Milan .	Plur
These survivors became space nomads , seeking a replacement for their home Ket .	Plur
The other Animorphs follow as either fleas on Marco or in various bird-of-prey-morphs .	Plur
These survivors became space nomads , seeking a replacement for their home planet .	Plur
IG tells him request CM to be absent at ceremony because he is CM 's friend which CM denies later .	Plur
Part of the former college now houses Blairs Museum , the museum of Scotland 's Catholic heritage .	Plur
When the Sun is near the horizon around sunset or sunrise , the sunlight appears reddish .	Plur
But Siva creates natural calamities in which Yayati , Bharata and Shantimati get separated .	Plur
For the history of Paris fountains , see Fountains in Paris .	Plur
Fontaine des Innocents , Corner of rue aux fers and rue Saint-Denis , later Place des Innocents .	Plur
Fontaine de Pilori des Halles .	Plur
Fontaines de la place des Vosges .	Plur
Fontaine des Cordeliers , Rue des Cordeliers , about 1717 .	Plur
Fontaines des Champs-Elysées , Gardens of the Champs-Elysées , 1840 .	Plur
Mining activity has reactivated ancient landslips in certain cases .	Plur
As a consequence of these writings the Ludendorffs added occultists to the Stab-in-the-back legend .	Plur
Gregg scored the Bricklayers lone goal in its 1 – 1 tie with Fall River in the second game .	Plur
While the team investigates several pathologies to fit the bus driver 's condition , House overdoses on his Vicodin and starts to hallucinate .	Plur
A crew of professional cleaners ( usually a local franchise of the series ' major corporate sponsor ) performed actual cleanups .	Plur
The horror historian R. S. Hadji included " Pigeons from Hell " on his list of the most frightening horror stories .	Plur
" Lead singer Nate Cyphert has the makings to be a quintessential front man ala Freddie Mercury .	Plur
Engelage rejoined the Toronto Marlies by signing an amateur tryout contract when the Toronto Maple Leafs organization ran into a series of injuries to goaltenders .	Plur
Here many famous professors and lecturers taught : E.S .	Plur
The debate is termed " realists versus behaviourists " or " traditionalism versus scientism " .	Plur
He later established several yeshiva high schools and Hesder yeshivas for IDF soldiers .	Plur
Some speakers exhibited lapses in reasoning , for example , making incompatible statements ( e.g .	Plur
Spring Roo uses add-ons to provide all the functionality within and on top of an OSGi runtime system based on Apache Felix .	Plur
He has two ex-wives , both named Tammy , both of whom he hates .	Plur
Andy then writes the song " 5000 Candles in the Wind " to honor Li 'l Sebastian .	Plur
No.5 seed Robin Söderling avoided such calamities , easing past Spaniard Albert Ramos 6 – 3 , 6 – 4 , 6 – 4 , while No .	Plur
In 1870 , Wellingborough businessman James Rixon opened a brickworks on the west side of the Midland Railway line , opposite the terminus of the Finedonhill Tramway .	Plur
She published " Household Hints " ( 1890 ) , and later , " A Mother 's Note Book . "	Plur
Either locomotive could pull six flatcars of lumber to the summit , and trains sometimes used twelve cars with one locomotive pulling and the other pushing .	Plur
To do this , he first dismantled the " interpretative overloads " accumulated on the person and the Mozartian work .	Plur
Since 2006 he has written obituaries of prominent railway people for The Guardian newspaper .	Plur
They were called " spoon-billed mastodons " since their lower jaw was elongated and shaped like a shoe-horn or spoon .	Plur
They bear long , narrow sori which contain the spores .	Plur
Major participants in the market include issuers ( usually Supranationals ) of the notes under their Euro Medium Term Note program .	Plur
Which is why " boost gauges " almost universally indicate 0 psi at idle speed and load .	Plur
On June 28 , 2010 , he then signed with fellow DEL team , the Hamburg Freezers to a one-year contract .	Plur
He uses refrains ( such as the onomatopoeic " Vadu , vadu , vadu , va ! " )	Plur
However this decision split the state parliamentarians with two , Bunny Adair and Ted Walsh , opposing joining the DLP and instead becoming independent members .	Plur
Unlike many other manakins , the males do not form leks , but have their own territory .	Plur
In 2007 , Collective Soul released the album " Afterwords " .	Plur
Two subspecies are recognized : the nominate " A. r. rufescens " , and " A. r. ferrieri " .	Plur
This influential rush at Back Creek saw nuggets of 60 oz , 40 oz and 38 oz ( 1.86 , 1.25 and 1.18 kg ) unearthed .	Plur
He managed the Lodi Crushers of the Class A California League in 1969 .	Plur
In experiments on a model organism , the worm Caenorhabditis elegans , they found that lowering the availability of glucose extended the lifespan of the worms .	Plur
" Some were wearing army fatigues and some had lungis tied up to their waists .	Plur
The White League also killed five to twenty freedmen who had been escorting the Republicans and were witnesses to the assassinations .	Plur
At this same time , three Nezats married three Roys , and the three families became closely entwined .	Plur
A. Mouton 's command , led by Major Sherod Hunter , landed their skiffs and flats in the rear of the town .	Plur
They also captured 2,000 negroes , between 200 and 300 wagons and tents , all while suffering losses of only 3 killed , 18 wounded .	Plur
The Hunters subsidized the Minden Redbirds , a semi-professional baseball team .	Plur
Livermore , Maine today has seventeen schoolhouses , which are worth about $ 4,000 .	Plur
Other important agricultural crops grown in Caribou include blueberries , hay , oats , and alternative crops on a smaller scale .	Plur
In early 2003 Ara joined The Slackers .	Plur
Most batch reactors also use baffles .	Plur
It had a deep square-roofed pronaos in front of a closed cella .	Plur
A 125-kilometre Baharampur-Bheramara transmission line , 40 km of it in Bangladesh , connects the two substations .	Plur
In the early 1970s he built radio-controlled seagulls for the 1972 movie " Jonathan Livingston Seagull " .	Plur
The animals in his collection included civets , bears , deer and crested serpent eagles , Amur falcons , falconets and woodpeckers .	Plur
Within his first year he had impressed Newnes enough for him to make him his principal assistant .	Plur
Charles briefly held Rheims and Laon .	Plur
Local programs produced by WNIN include " Lawmakers " and " Newsmakers , " as well as various live debates and local documentaries .	Plur
It features a new Woolworths , the largest Big W in NSW , as well as 28 additional speciality stores .	Plur
The house is occasionally called " The Cedars " in later stories .	Plur
Instead , Anastasia left for Scetis , looking for help from Abba Daniel , hegumen of the monastery at that time .	Plur
Apart from these the gallery has Sculptures in Bronzes & Terracotta , Bone Objects , Ivory , Steatite , Semi-Precious Stones , Painted Pottery and Jewellery items .	Plur
Released to radio only , Freedman described the track as " a barroom stomp with honky-tonk piano , real old-fashioned Whitlams " .	Plur
The 28th TCS flew Douglas C-47 Skytrains from the base until rejoining the 60th at RAF Aldermaston in August .	Plur
Hatef also wrote three odes in Arabic .	Plur
Only a small section of the party remained active , regrouping itself as the Guatemalan Party of Labour – Alamos .	Plur
For more information on waterfalls in the Elk River drainage , see " Waterfalls of Tennessee " by Gregory Plumb ,	Plur
As Master of the Freemason Lodge Le Progres de L 'Oceanie , Kalākaua charged the freemasons with orchestrating the ceremonies .	Plur
The scheme provides primary care givers with 18 weeks ' of paid parental leave paid at the national minimum wage .	Plur
Signs on the perimeter warn potential trespassers of the use of laser guided and conventional gunfire .	Plur
Her work on the pensions element of her portfolio also saw her introduce Personal Retirement Savings Accounts .	Plur
She attended Loreto Kirribilli at Kirribilli and Elm Court Dominican Convent , Moss Vale .	Plur
Several other Commonwealth navies also use naval ensigns with a visual connection to the White Ensign .	Plur
" Shebeens " resemble the American speakeasies of the prohibition era where American Jazz was very popular .	Plur
The score from that round determined the match-ups in the elimination rounds , with high-ranking archers facing low-ranking archers .	Plur
The Free Church brought into the union 1,068 congregations , the United Presbyterians 593 .	Plur
The denomination has 388 Elders , and 255 Deacons , Managers or board members who are not Elders .	Plur
G 'Kar concedes and eventually accepts his worship , and tries to teach these new followers of what he 's come to learn .	Plur
John Witherspoon wrote the anonymous " Ecclesiastical Characteristics " ( 1753 ) to satirise the Moderates , and James Baine became a supporter of Gillespie .	Plur
The upper exteriors sometimes have slashes , crosses , or similar isolated motifs .	Plur
He gives his recreations in the British " Who 's Who " as cricket , squash , chess , reading , and hiking .	Plur
Following Marx and Lukács , however , Goldmann also assumed that group consciousness was normally class consciousnesses .	Plur
Village boys crack their whips ( " bicele " ) on the New Year 's Eve .	Plur
" I Think of You " conveys how " you can love everybody , in every way , even the unlovable . "	Plur
" State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission	Plur
" PC Zone " praised the game 's cut-scenes , stating that " the cut-scenes are brilliantly created ( especially in the sound department ) " .	Plur
From 1932 , Jones had not cashed any paychecks he earned through his various federal government positions through 1945 .	Plur
In June 2008 , Shane was appointed president of Scaled Composites , taking over this role from previous president and company founder Burt Rutan .	Plur
Rising fourths again appear as connecting passages .	Plur
The windup will involve Woolworths buying back a 33.3 per cent interest in the venture , held by the Lowe 's subsidiary WDR Delaware Corporation .	Plur
In September 2018 , the Goa Children 's Court acquitted Remo Fernandes in this verbal abuse case .	Plur
I have never had any blemishes in my career , ” Remo was quoted as having told the Times of India newspaper .	Plur
After the death of the 7th Earl , the descendants of Sir William 's second son became the Earls .	Plur
From there , Ramsay & McKellar would produce disinfectants , polishes , creams , and a variety of other products .	Plur
The arrival of the military calmed the rioters , and by midnight that day they had largely dispersed .	Plur
Despite her generally rational approach , Howard occasionally indulges in magical thinking , feeling that some things " transcend " logic .	Plur
It had not helped Thys however , because he had to stop the race in the first stage after a large crash .	Plur
She organized her co-workers , most of whom were Latinas , into a garment workers union .	Plur
In 1947 , she married Gray Bemis , a navy veteran from Nebraska who had been a delegate to the 1932 Socialist Party of America national convention .	Plur
Ethnological objects include moccasins , mitts , garments , beaded necklaces , and clothing accessories .	Plur
In 1965 he married Joan Arthurs , and they had a daughter , named Dawn .	Plur
Since 2016 , the Founders Course has hosted the Regions Traditions , a senior major championship .	Plur
Thorne wrote several pantomimes , some burlesques , two comic operas , and adaptations of several of Charles Dickens 's novels for the stage .	Plur
The Big Lake National Wildlife Refuge preserves flat flooded swamplands created by the New Madrid earthquakes .	Plur
They were nicknamed " 6-inch Terrors " .	Plur
After Troelstra 's mistake , most Socialists and Social Democrats gradually became monarchists during the 1920s and 1930s .	Plur
In 1937 the company was renamed " August Wagner Breweries , Inc . "	Plur
They ratified new imposts , granted new taxes .	Plur
In 1983 , Ashok set up Development Alternatives ( DA ) , made possible by a $ 100,000 project grant from UNEP .	Plur
Reports included truckloads of prisoners , including women and children , being unloaded and executed in the trenches where they were to be buried .	Plur
Andrea Doria himself sailed from Messina to Tunis in late April ahead 55 galleys , expecting to surprise Dragut at his station off Djerba .	Plur
( This does not include Gregorian Chants , Tones from I-IX ( Fauxbordons ) or Magnificats or Nunc dimittis in Latin ) .	Plur
The species of least concern reported here is the resident white-bellied blue-flycatcher ( " Cyornis pallipes " ) .	Plur
San Diego scientists in 2009 estimated the ' average ' American consumes 34 gigabytes of media a day . "	Plur
Recent advances in audio forensics techniques include voice biometrics and electrical network frequency analysis .	Plur
As an occasional wicket-keeper , he also made 14 stumpings .	Plur
In 1945 the club joined the Dumfries and District Junior League .	Plur
In 2013 , again with the soap operas " Amor à Vida " of Walcyr Carrasco , it interprets the plot Thales .	Plur
He plays for the in Super Rugby , the in the Rugby Challenge and Kintetsu Liners in the Japanese Top League .	Plur
With Ipswich he won the Premier Fours for a second time in 2011 .	Plur
Construction included 221 culverts , 22 bridges and three flyovers .	Plur
Wet weather in Loreto brought downpours and lots of drizzle , causing damage and flooding to the Loreto Region since November 2011 .	Plur
The east window has four lights containing Perpendicular tracery and ogee quatrefoils .	Plur
Other famous songs include " Né en 17 à Leidenstadt " , " Juste après " and " Nuit " .	Plur
He was born Adrien Mas in Poujols , Hérault , France .	Plur
A second traffic accident in October 1904 again left Mas badly injured .	Plur
The new reduction of the Hipparcos data gave 0.12 ± 14.62 milliarcseconds , still unusable .	Plur
Famous British landmarks such as the famous Kensington Gardens in London along with Conway Park in Newcastle offer important tidbits that permit the investigation to move forward .	Plur
The video stars Vives and Teló , as well as Colombian top model and ex-Miss San Andrés Laura Archbold .	Plur
The Captain and magistrates of Pisa then took their oaths .	Plur
Some researchers place the Curonians in the eastern Baltic group .	Plur
The Estonians and other local people soon followed the Curonians and abandoned the Knights and that allowed the Samogitians to gain victory over the Livonian Order .	Plur
They became the first Slavic sovereigns outside of the Holy Roman Empire to promote German settlements on a wide base .	Plur
The brigade farriers reworked the pack saddles in the field , to Captain Herrick 's design .	Plur
The Canadian Forces Medical Service in Suffield also rotates medics through the emergency department .	Plur
This exposure can cause bone cancers and other bone abnormalities .	Plur
The candidates included 45 Abkhazians , seven Russians , five Armenians , three Georgians , one Greek , one Kabardian and one Cherkessian .	Plur
Steinmetz sport teams are nicknamed the Silver Streaks .	Plur
This sold considerably better than its predecessor , " Shades of Two Worlds " .	Plur
This discovery whet the appetites of Portuguese merchants , who immediately saw the easy and profitable prospect of slave-raiding on those vulnerable settlements .	Plur
He also discussed several other nematodes which were all later put into the genus " Pratylenchus " .	Plur
Through this process , it educates , inspires , and involves a diversity of people who actively contribute to conserving our planet .	Plur
The observers included the Russian Chief Designer of the MIR Space Station as well as three cosmonauts who lived aboard MIR for lengthy durations .	Plur
MGM did cast the Duncans in their all-star 1930 extravaganza " The March of Time " , but that film was never completed .	Plur
The player can use more APs to aim a shot to increase accuracy .	Plur
See Lighthouses in the United States .	Plur
The first was entitled " A Specimen of Naked Truth from a British Sailor " and the second " Some Seasonal Advice from an Honest Sailor " .	Plur
The Commune , unlike the Court , included the burgesses .	Plur
Outfielders would occasionally feel the rumblings of the trains passing underneath them .	Plur
Acclaimed examples include Levi S. Peterson 's " The Backslider " and Linda Sillitoe 's " Sideways to the Sun " .	Plur
Current areas of research include CFD driven efficiency improvements and new designs that raise survival rates of fish passing through .	Plur
Coe has described Cedars as a place " committed to the care of the underprivileged , even though it looks very wealthy . "	Plur
In the mid-1970s he was Chargé d 'Affaires at the Soviet embassy in Washington under Ambassador Dobrynin .	Plur
Others had sworn oaths before the Test Act and could not swear again without being forsworn .	Plur
Other features include two regular-size triangular slingshots at the bottom of the table , along with an ' alive ' kickback ball save at the left outlane .	Plur
Liddiard formed The Drones with Pereira in 1997 and then relocated with the band to Victoria in 2000 .	Plur
Dyrholm attended the Statens Teaterskole ( Danish National School of Theatre ) from 1991 to 1995 .	Plur
In 2015 he ordained twenty new Legionaries of Christ deacons .	Plur
Avoch played Wick Groats in the final on 4 August 2012 , at Tulloch Caledonian Stadium , Inverness .	Plur
The newer types of T-series servers support both older Logical Domains and newer Oracle VM Server for SPARC product version 2.0 and later .	Plur
His dissertation at Columbia was entitled " " Trends of School Costs . " "	Plur
Derek Watson led the Dusters with 10 catches for 53 yards and 1 touchdown .	Plur
A year later , he joined The Belmonts ( of Dion and the Belmonts fame ) and continues to perform with them .	Plur
Simon & Garfunkel dropped drumsticks on the parquet floor , incorporating their sound into the track .	Plur
Pope soon awakens and finds he is in the presence of Jesus and God .	Plur
According to the Spanish accounts Tahuata had fowls , fish , sugar cane , plantains , nuts and fruits .	Plur
They used slings , stones , and lances as weapons .	Plur
Nominees are selected by GLAAD " Nominating Juries " consisting of over 90 volunteers with interest and expertise in the particular category they are judging .	Plur
Instead of liquid electrolytes , the battery uses glass electrolytes that enable the use of an alkali-metal anode without the formation of dendrites .	Plur
They gained many Saxon and Thuringian freedmen , but many nobles and peasants did not join .	Plur
In 1491 , the French army of Charles VIII , led by General Louis II de la Trémoille , unsuccessfully attacked Rennes .	Plur
Lowe then apologizes and moves in for the kill until Marty calls for help from a local farmer .	Plur
In a single week he faced more superhumans than he had in his whole career to date .	Plur
Confronted by a policeman and some local villagers , he removes his bandages and goggles , revealing that he is invisible .	Plur
Competing in the 74 kg weight division , he has won 3 Deaflympics Gold Medals and a Bronze Medal in 4 appearances .	Plur
Thus Dom Jausions frequented his hometown Rennes as early as 1860 , in view of his impression .	Plur
The shell shows many longitudinal striae and oblique ribs .	Plur
Mount represented the under-17s at the 2016 UEFA European Under-17 Championship .	Plur
Defective devices may experience unexpected reboots , a frozen or unresponsive screen , or may fail to turn on .	Plur
On July 10 , the Reds released first baseman High Pockets Kelly .	Plur
During the end of the 2011 archery season , he added archery legend Jay Barrs to his support team .	Plur
Leovigild ordered certain basilicas held by the Catholic Church be transferred to Sunna 's church and when Masona resisted he was called to Toledo .	Plur
She carried General Redvers Buller and 1,500 troops to Cape Town for Boer War duties and on the following voyage carried Lord Roberts and Lord Kitchener .	Plur
The club chose the name Pythagoras after the famous mathematician who was born in Samos , Greece .	Plur
This forced the Seleucids to sue for peace and to abandon Asia Minor .	Plur
Haverbeck wrote valuable handbooks for the guidance of collectors and specialists .	Plur
The book contains four of his writings including his Atma Charithre ( autobiography ) , Bethlehem beckons Banaras , Lingayatism and Christianity and Virasaivism and Untouchability .	Plur
One detector inclines the ASICs so that the view from the point of view of the crystal is of an unbroken sphere of detector .	Plur
Spores , embryos and juvenile forms may use temporary adhesives ( often glycoproteins ) to secure their initial attachment to surfaces favorable for colonization .	Plur
They would make tins , butcher fish , and pack them .	Plur
E + Carbon sells its offsets to Goldman Sachs through a multi-year alliance .	Plur
Kurt Tank later joined Hindustan Aeronautics , where he designed the Hindustan Marut fighter-bomber , the first military aircraft constructed in India .	Plur
Tank left Hindustan Aeronautics in 1967 and by the 1970s had returned to live in Berlin , basing himself in Germany for the rest of his life .	Plur
In his spare time , he began playing the ukulele with a local jazz band called the Rhythm Maniacs .	Plur
His eyes flash , his lips curl , his sibilants whistle and he glares like a maniac " .	Plur
The Altria Group ( formerly Phillip Morris ) acquired Nabisco ( sans Bubble Yum which was sold to Hershey ) in 2000 for about $ 19.2 billion .	Plur
In some areas , there are purported malevolent sorcerers who masquerade as real shamans and who entice tourists to drink ayahuasca in their presence .	Plur
Adriana blames her ulcerative colitis on the pressure being placed on her by Robyn and the FBI .	Plur
In 1990 , the United States government provided redress to Tamura for his forced incarceration , as well as a letter of apology from the president .	Plur
Instrument technicians and piano tuners typically use more expensive , accurate tuners .	Plur
Electric guitar and electric bass players who perform concerts may use electronic tuners built into an effects pedal , often called a " stomp box " .	Plur
The absence of a microphone makes these tuners immune to background noise , so musicians can tune in noisy environments , including while other musicians are tuning .	Plur
Other companies , such as Sonic Research , TC Electronic , and Planet Waves , sell highly accurate LED-based true strobe tuners .	Plur
As well , other brass or woodwind players may use electronic tuners to ensure that their instruments are correctly tuned .	Plur
harpsichords , use high-end tuners to assist with their tuning and instrument building .	Plur
They may also use electronic tuners to get a very out-of-tune piano roughly in pitch , after which point they tune by ear .	Plur
To the northeast of the junction lie the Jackson County Fairgrounds .	Plur
The counts of Tusculum remained arbiters of Roman politics and religion for more than a century .	Plur
Braden , as a silver " demon " -masked ninja , assassinates Caifano 's informers and relatives to make him cower down .	Plur
This will cause secondary filesystems to vanish , as the volume key will no longer incorrectly decode to the same key for a given secondary password .	Plur
Students are also given Chromebooks as of 2014 .	Plur
Unlike English , the German language distinguishes adverbs which qualify verbs or adjectives from those which qualify whole sentences .	Plur
( Also called suspended and waiting . )	Plur
He attacked the kinsmen of Krishna .	Plur
Newspapers in Udaipur include Hindi dailies Rajasthan Patrika , Dainik Bhaskar , Navbharat Times , Apranha Times and Pratahkal .	Plur
Many scholars began producing syntheses and reworkings of the commentaries of the Alexandrian scholars of previous centuries , at the expense of their own originalities .	Plur
Themeistius hired calligraphers and craftsman to produce the actual codices .	Plur
It has also published a subseries of children 's texts in Latin by Bell & Forte , which recounts the adventures of a mouse called Minimus .	Plur
Although Pasteur was not the first to propose the germ theory , his experiments indicated its correctness and convinced most of Europe that it was true .	Plur
Spallanzani 's experiments in 1765 suggested that air contaminated broths with bacteria .	Plur
In the 1830s , Charles Cagniard-Latour , Friedrich Traugott Kützing and Theodor Schwann used microscopes to study yeasts and concluded that yeasts were living organisms .	Plur
The injection of lanthanum solutions produces hyperglycemia , low blood pressure , degeneration of the spleen and hepatic alterations .	Plur
Fertility rates vary considerably among the different religious groups : in 2004 it was 2.10 for Shiites , 1.76 Sunnis and 1.61 for Maronites .	Plur
The Ottoman sultan Selim I ( 1516 – 20 ) , after defeating the Persians , conquered the Mamluks .	Plur
Michael McDermott , an application support employee , shot and killed seven co-workers .	Plur
Maslin said the film " often verges on silliness and desperately overworks the symbolic importance of snakes .	Plur
Umbrella Entertainment released " Sirens " on DVD in May 2010 and later , on Blu-ray , in March 2013 .	Plur
Successful applicants , however , typically have much higher GPAs : more than half of applicants have perfect academic records .	Plur
Winners from Harvard University have had average GPAs of 3.92 , and Stanford University recommends that applicants have a GPA of 3.8 or above .	Plur
The LNC drove out the German occupiers ( who had taken over from the Italians in 1943 ) on 29 November 1944 .	Plur
When all the planes have been knocked down the army sends two blimps with a net in between them to catch Kong .	Plur
Tour companies generally provide crampons to customers .	Plur
ICANN added further TLDs , starting with a set of sponsored top-level domains .	Plur
The more specialized domain name companies include Donuts submitting the most ( 307 ) applications and Uniregistry pursuing 54 gTLDs .	Plur
This includes the current Ethiopian Highways 2 , 3 , and 15 .	Plur
In addition , In addition , Kurdistan Institution includes the following directorates and departments :	Plur
Drake awakes in an apartment filled with advanced technology .	Plur
Its products comprise backpacks , duffel bags , other luggage , hats and other accessories .	Plur
The population of about 200 families includes gatherers , riverine farmers , fishermen and rubber tappers .	Plur
10 in Formula C. Campbell won the Runoffs at Riverside International Raceway .	Plur
" I 've Returned " was a single in the Netherlands , released from Squeeze 's fifth album , " Sweets from a Stranger " .	Plur
The heritage of the park as a quarry led to it earning its local name " The Pits " .	Plur
The 20-year , $ 98 million master plan projects enplanements to reach 245,000 a year in 2030 .	Plur
It depicts sexual fetishes such as mud wrestling and muscle worshipping .	Plur
It features several sexual fetishes , from mud wrestling to muscle worshipping .	Plur
Other causes include Menkes kinky hair syndrome and hypervitaminosis A .	Plur
Ibn Abi Usaibia does not mention Ibn al-Nafis at all in his biographical dictionary " Lives of the Physicians " .	Plur
The heart has only two ventricles ... and between these two there is absolutely no opening .	Plur
The observing factor assesses how often an individual attends to their sensations , emotions , and outside environment .	Plur
Alvin , knowing Zofis ' real evil intentions , hides his dentures making it impossible to cast spells .	Plur
The music video for " Boys and Girls " featured Alannah Myles , and Mike Myers in an early version of his " Wayne Campbell " character .	Plur
Group members included Susanna Hoffs and Matthew Sweet and performed the faux-sixties songs " BBC " and " Daddy Wasn 't There " .	Plur
Yakimochi is grilled or broiled mochi or pounded rice cake .	Plur
In an operations system , it often involves levers for managers to manipulate the components involved in the system .	Plur
Eventually , she discovers the " ménage à trois " involving her father , stepmother , and Carlo and decides to carry on with her relationship .	Plur
John Crichton and D 'Argo soon escape the Peacekeepers again and , having nowhere else to go , Aeryn reluctantly becomes a fugitive alongside them .	Plur
It is only after leaving the Peacekeepers that she can begin to find out about her parentage .	Plur
He , along with other conservative Pa 'us , hired the Peacekeepers for " external security . "	Plur
Reluctantly , Crichton and Gilina parted ways ( in Crichton 's words : " Life sucks .	Plur
Then Maldis , as Haloth , also approaches Crais , offering him John Crichton for a price .	Plur
From this marriage would descend the Earls of Barrymore .	Plur
In recent years government policy has allowed 12,000 + cfs down the lower assiniboine towards Winnipeg causing major property and environmental damage .	Plur
The Grand Jury of Alamance County indicted 63 Klansmen for felonies and 18 for the murder of Wyatt Outlaw .	Plur
Roosevelt County comprises the Portales , NM Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Clovis-Portales , NM Combined Statistical Area .	Plur
It features beautiful cacti and the ruins of " the U.S. Army 's first greaserack " .	Plur
Curry County comprises the Clovis , NM Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Clovis-Portales , NM Combined Statistical Area .	Plur
SEPI also has minority direct shareholdings in seven companies , and indirect shareholdings in more than 100 companies .	Plur
SEPI holds minority shareholdings in EADS Aircraft NV and HISPASAT satellite communications .	Plur
as cooling occurred this cemented the quartz pebbles and conglomerate together .	Plur
It offers two free Public Service Announcements or event advertisements for free to non-profit organizations in Sussex and Warren Counties .	Plur
The Freeholder Director appoints Freeholders to serve as Chairpersons and members on the various committees which oversee county departments .	Plur
In September 1840 , Hudson County was created by separation from Bergen County and annexation of some Essex County lands , namely New Barbadoes Neck .	Plur
North Hudson , particularly Union City , saw many émigrés fleeing the Cuban revolution take up residence .	Plur
He also wrote three Sonatas for guitar .	Plur
The camp had five commandants and numerous doctors in its history .	Plur
Clark 's nutcrackers can also be opportunistic feeders in developed areas , and are known to some as " camp robbers " .	Plur
These fires are commonly called Saint John 's Fires in various languages .	Plur
The Unix kernel maintains internal consistency and runtime correctness with assertions as the fault detection mechanism .	Plur
He next joined Benjamin Webster at the Haymarket as stage-manager as well as actor .	Plur
" The Song of the Cabin Boy , " a barcarolle from Planquette 's " Les cloches de Corneville " was played on the violin by W.K.L .	Plur
They superficially resemble the true quails of the genus " Coturnix " , but differ from them in lacking a hind toe and a crop .	Plur
By the 1850s , Peterborough had gristmills , sawmills , carding and fulling mills and a tannery .	Plur
Black Flag 's 1984 album " My War " also included unusual polyrhythms .	Plur
In 1968 he started to pen the play " The Cherry Pickers " , which was smuggled out of gaol on toilet paper .	Plur
Users would post their own Miis in the Posting Plaza , or import other user-submitted Miis to their own personal Mii Parade .	Plur
In the Contests section , players submitted their own Miis to compete in contests to best fit a certain description ( e.g .	Plur
Users can also photo slideshows and comment on them .	Plur
Owen Money reformed the Bystanders in 1998 for a one-off performance at Maesteg Town Hall for his TV programme	Plur
Moreover , she does not even know the valuations of the other bidders .	Plur
In the time of Muhammad , the Yemeni lands included the large tribal confederations Himyar , Madh 'hij , Kindah , Hashid , Bakil , and Azd .	Plur
The Abbasids overthrew the Umayyad caliphs from all their lands except Spain .	Plur
At first the Tahirid sultan Amir II supported the Mamluks , but later refused to assist them .	Plur
The set also includes three scantily clad female groupies .	Plur
Makenna aids the goblins , and they form an alliance to help goblins and find a place where they can live in peace .	Plur
He meets many goblins and becomes a familiar face around the goblin village .	Plur
Just as the army comes over the hill , the goblins , Makenna , and Tobin disappear into the portal , never to be heard from again .	Plur
Kross has blonde dreadlocks and a white bucket hat .	Plur
Runmust Khan , the Nawab of Kurool , attacked the Kodavas .	Plur
Colonette " kraters " and bell " kraters " by him normally bear dionysiac motifs .	Plur
His clubs include AEP Paphos of Cyprus , FC Istres , Servette FC , FC St Gallen and Olympiakos Nicosia .	Plur
There they also find recreations of their personal belongings and hear strangely familiar screams .	Plur
Psicosis pinned Helms but Kash broke the pin .	Plur
A sweet-natured guy enlists his pals to help him create and market his idea for a rocket-powered belt .	Plur
Studdard met Surata Zuri McCants in October 2006 , when he was signing CDs at a Wal-Mart in Atlanta .	Plur
On June 28 , 2008 , Studdard married McCants in a short , private ceremony in Mountain Brook , Alabama .	Plur
He credits Alcoholics Anonymous ( AA ) with helping him achieve sobriety .	Plur
People had outhouses behind their houses as there was no sewer , and some buried their trash in vacant lots .	Plur
In doing so , these normally energy-storing adipocytes become energy-releasing adipocytes .	Plur
In addition to the body of Feliksa Kozłowska , the underground of the Temple also houses the crypts of important bishops of the Mariavite Church .	Plur
He created add-ons for Nuku Nuku on at least one occasion to outfit her for unique situations .	Plur
Mount Rokkō overlooks Kobe at an elevation of 931 meters .	Plur
Other sports clubs include Hiroshima Dragonflies ( basketball ) , Hiroshima Maple Reds ( handball ) and JT Thunders ( volleyball ) .	Plur
ERISA does not preempt or insulate HMOs from breach of contract or state law claims asserted by an independent , third-party provider of medical services .	Plur
Various other Unicode characters combine commas or comma-like figures with other characters , and are not shown here .	Plur
A relative clause takes commas if it is non-restrictive , as in " I cut down all the trees , which were over six feet tall . "	Plur
The killing of journalist Victor Noir incensed Parisians , and the arrests of journalists critical of the Emperor did nothing to quiet the city .	Plur
On 17 February the new Parliament elected the 74-year-old Thiers as chief executive of the French Third Republic .	Plur
Thiers ' government in Versailles urged Parisians to abstain from voting .	Plur
" I lack artillerymen and workers to hold off the catastrophe . "	Plur
Victor Hugo blamed Thiers for his short-sightedness .	Plur
In general , authors retain asterisks for " unattested " , and prefix ˣ , * * , † , or a superscript " ? "	Plur
Some texts use asterisks and daggers alongside superscripts , using the former for per-page footnotes and the latter for endnotes .	Plur
By his own admission , Widukind first wrote several Christian hagiographies before he began his " Res gestae saxonicae " .	Plur
Participation in FAST ( Fast Automated Securities Transfer ) allows issuers , security holders and brokerage / clearing firms to move stock electronically between one another .	Plur
When he was young , he joined the SGS Bandung badminton club .	Plur
The first mention of a settlement on the site of Brody is dated 1084 ( Instructions by Volodymyr Monomach ) .	Plur
Between 1989 and 1995 , Accion 's Latin American Networked loan disbursements multiplied more than 20 times .	Plur
He attended both Ricks and Nebraska on wrestling scholarships .	Plur
However Decamnichos once insulted , in front of Archelaus , the tragic poet Euripides for the smell of the poet 's alleged bad breath .	Plur
Lazard also advises on capital structure and capital raising .	Plur
Fridman currently coaches Israel 's top windsurfers preparing for the 2016 RIO Summer Olympics and currently owns a SUP Company .	Plur
Joe , 1970 – 1977 bodies have chromed rivets which were not used on the Hasbro U.S. version .	Plur
Although controversial , sentinel lymph node biopsies and examination of the lymph nodes are also performed in patients to assess spread to the lymph nodes .	Plur
( His teammate Black Lightning once remarked that Geo-Force weakens after flying 1,000 miles . )	Plur
Common side effects include lightheadedness , headache , feeling tired , leg swelling , cough , and shortness of breath .	Plur
This new company will buy old Jensen Interceptors , and sell them as new cars after a complete restoration , with new engine and interior trim .	Plur
GABAergic inputs to the VTA include the nucleus accumbens , ventral pallidum , and rostromedial tegmental nucleus ( RMTg ) .	Plur
+ a network of small roads connects Vannes to smaller cities .	Plur
The first novel was titled " Castaways of the Flying Dutchman " and was first published by Puffin Books in 2001 .	Plur
In the story , Holmes recounts to Watson the events arising after a visit from a university acquaintance , Reginald Musgrave .	Plur
He had unwisely chosen Rachel Howells , who hated him .	Plur
Since the 15th century it slowly replaced the Dutch autonym " Diets " and " Duyts " .	Plur
The Devas then defeated the Asuras .	Plur
Since 1770 the prince-bishop had appointed separate vicars general for the Bohemian ( or Austrian , since 1918 partially Czechoslovakian and Polish , resp . )	Plur
His blue spiral tattoos cover his forearms .	Plur
Unlike most of the snipers , he used a needle las .	Plur
After a string of successful English publications , Lat worried he had neglected Malaysians who were not proficient in English .	Plur
Lat 's successes showed Malaysians that they could thrive and succeed as cartoonists , and inspired them to look to the cartooning profession for potential careers .	Plur
Drawing members of various races in his crowd scenes and showing their interactions with one another , Lat portrayed Malaysians in a gentle and unbiased comic manner .	Plur
Malaysian Christians sometimes hold fasts ending on Independence Day or Malaysia Day and pray for Muslims .	Plur
Since 2000 the National Evangelical Christian Fellowship , with 2,800 member churches , has organised these fasts and they are ongoing event as of 2010 .	Plur
The residents of opulent homes , called the Boston Brahmins , were described by Oliver Wendell Holmes as a " harmless , inoffensive , untitled aristocracy " .	Plur
As compensation Hanau received 12,000 guilders and several nearby villages , viz .	Plur
The presence of invasion and mitotic activity help differentiate small cancers from adrenocortical adenomas .	Plur
Stone cairns replace kurgans in later interments .	Plur
Warin 's daughter Margaret married Baldwin de Redvers , son of William de Redvers , 5th Earl of Devon .	Plur
In 1977 , the company picked up Joyce Farmer and Lyn Chevely 's " Tits & Clits Comix " , publishing that series until 1987 .	Plur
Amtrak 's " Montrealer " suffered numerous derailments during its years of operation :	Plur
On July 6 , 2014 , he signed with the German club Brose Baskets for the 2014 – 15 season .	Plur
The Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center accused Al Quds of being a mouthpiece of Hamas .	Plur
Several films by the Children 's Film Unit received Royal Premieres , including :	Plur
She also has two piercings in her navel , and one in her right nostril .	Plur
In the Simon barn , using a cheap projector , Anton shows newsreels and films that Eduard has given him .	Plur
Hermann catches tonsillitis on his weak heart .	Plur
Measurements made include azimuth from the surveying location , distance from surveying position , distance to the point , and inclination to the point .	Plur
He later joined the Wesleyans , but from 1843 he held prayer meetings in the Congregational tradition in his own home .	Plur
The painting depicts Native American hunter / gatherers hunting deer in the foreground .	Plur
Wild plants included pistachios , figs and almonds , among others .	Plur
Gox traded 150,000 bitcoins per day , per Bitcoin Charts .	Plur
The hotel contains 295 guestrooms and 31 suites with balconies and terraces overlooking Biscayne Bay , the Atlantic Ocean and Miami skyline .	Plur
Many of the weapons used in the show were reworked and repainted Nerf blasters .	Plur
Fluorination opens epoxides to give either geminal or vicinal difluorides in most cases .	Plur
The hometown Winged Wheelers shut-out the Roughriders 22-0 .	Plur
The butterfly shaped floor plan emanates from this cruciform .	Plur
He followed up in 1997 with his most successful album , " Conflicts & Confusion " , released by Relativity Records , which went to No .	Plur
Mhp1 contains 12 transmembrane helices , 10 of which are arranged in two inverted repeats of five helices .	Plur
The site also noted the sexual " double entendres " throughout the lyrics of the song .	Plur
Most later color circles include the purples , however , between red and violet , and have equal-sized hue divisions .	Plur
CNN anchor John King replaced the outgoing Dobbs beginning on March 22 , 2010 with his new show " John King , USA " .	Plur
As a result , the Royal Navy later developed better-matched MTBs , using the Fairmile ' D ' hull design .	Plur
The Chinese Nationalist government also ordered eight " S-30 " -class E-boats and a tender , " Qi Jiguang " ( 戚繼光 ) .	Plur
Germany sold four E-boats to Romania on 14 August 1944 .	Plur
David received raves for his Shakespeare work on stage in Central Park , New York City .	Plur
The type II also presents the conserved subdomains H1 and H2 , encompassing 36 and 20 residues respectively .	Plur
Christian-Jaque also directed Marais in " Carmen " ( 1944 ) with Viviane Romance .	Plur
Even in the Muslim World , the Church survived ( e.g. , the modern Copts , Maronites , and others ) albeit at times with great difficulty .	Plur
In 2008 , Edmonton got a new urban-format Sobeys in its downtown core with street access and a unique building .	Plur
From the summit of Mount Disappointment they observed bushfires and were unable to find a way through the range .	Plur
These so-called " courting tacks " make a clear track in the snow .	Plur
Unlike most of their competition , PRR did not acquire any Northerns or Berkshires .	Plur
Bedford married Catherine Brydges ( d . 1657 ) , daughter of Giles Brydges , 3rd Baron Chandos .	Plur
The list includes some non-resident Jamaicans who were born in Jamaica .	Plur
First , they create brain atlases to better understand the connections between genes and brain functioning .	Plur
Beaufort represented the geographers , astronomers , oceanographers , geodesists , and meteorologists to that government agency , the Hydrographic Office , which could support their research .	Plur
They allow forwarders to advertise their freight either privately or publicly to a large number of freight operators that are looking for loads .	Plur
In 1917 he invented the first wide-field eyepieces for telescopes and binoculars .	Plur
He investigated achiral separations of several trifluoromethyl compounds .	Plur
Kalas sang " High Hopes " after the Phillies won the 1993 National League Championship , and again after the 2008 World Series .	Plur
He also wrote hundreds of formally perfect sonnets , saphic odes and sestinas as well as thousands of free and direct poems .	Plur
Name changes can mislead searchers of official records of titles or liens .	Plur
College in the School courses offered at RWHS are CIS German and CIS Spanish .	Plur
While there , he represented England U18 schoolboys .	Plur
The Plains Indians wore hard-sole moccasins , given that their territorial geography featured rock and cacti .	Plur
After 1569 , Lithuania had eight voivodeships and one eldership remaining :	Plur
In 1868 Alfonso Carlos joined the Papal Zouaves which had been formed to defend the Papal States from the army of the Kingdom of Italy .	Plur
The district has two sub-districts ( " khwaeng " ) .	Plur
The district has two sub-districts ( " khwaeng " ) .	Plur
In 2005 the stand 2 was renamed stand Raymond Goethals in memory of the former player .	Plur
They contain the gene called RTF ( Resistance transfer factor ) .	Plur
" Human Parasites " lampooned the fashionable socialites of Lagos , but many of them were Ogunde 's patrons .	Plur
The Haag – Kastler axioms axiomatize QFT in terms of nets of algebras .	Plur
In May 2017 , Rwanda reintroduced around 20 Eastern black rhinoceroses from South Africa , which had been absent for 10 years .	Plur
One of the best-known TOCs is NORAD which houses the North American Military Aerospace Defense operations .	Plur
Its creation also provided the Melvins – friends of Werckman and Patton 's – with a label .	Plur
Initially it comprised the Hundreds of West Derby , Leyland , Fylde , Amounderness and Lonsdale in Lancashire and the Isle of Man .	Plur
The Lowland District comprised roughly the Scottish Lowlands .	Plur
Briggs voiced the Daleks in a charity theatre production of " The Daleks ' Master Plan " and briefly appeared on stage playing a regenerated Doctor .	Plur
Also , rising gasses cause the bubbling action .	Plur
She rendered ragas that featured complex patterns and subtle gamakas , such as Begada , Mukhari , Sahana , Suruti , Varali and Yadukulakambhoji .	Plur
Several amphibious aircraft such as the Consolidated PBY Catalina , use retractable wingtips as floats .	Plur
The Boeing 777X will feature 3.5 m ( 11 ft ) folding wingtips supplied by Liebherr Aerospace from Lindenberg .	Plur
In 2008 , Lockington initiated the successful Grand Rapids Symphony Youth Choruses .	Plur
This has porticoes on each side , with graffiti decorations dating to the 1450s and octagonal capitals in a still late medieval style .	Plur
The following formula will generate deviates from a " q " -Gaussian with specified parameter " q " and formula _ 28	Plur
After taking a red-shirt his freshman year , Jones split first team practice reps with Antwaan Randle-El .	Plur
Jones led the El Paso Generals to a 12-2 regular season record in ‘ 09 including the Lone Star Division Championship .	Plur
The original Pentax Q sensor has a 12.4 megapixels with 1.52 µm pixel pitch .	Plur
The regiment totaled 580 effectives in December 1861 , and lost 54 percent of the 350 at Shiloh and 53 percent of the 210 at Perryville .	Plur
Notable artist included Röyksopp , The Subways , Parov Stelar , Robots In Disguise .	Plur
In more recent times the club has also produced Vasbert Drakes .	Plur
The trail includes ten-foot-wide boardwalks to protect the most sensitive areas and solar-powered emergency cellular phones .	Plur
The IBA also supports red-capped parrots , rufous treecreepers , western spinebills , western thornbills and western yellow robins .	Plur
The cyanobacteria can produce neurotoxins and hepatotoxins , such as microcystin and cyanopeptolin .	Plur
Cyanobacteria can produce neurotoxins and hepatotoxins , such as microcystin and cyanopeptolin .	Plur
Cyanobacteria produce neurotoxins and peptide hepatotoxins , such as microcystin and cyanopeptolin .	Plur
" M. aeruginosa " can produce both neurotoxins ( lipopolysaccharides-LPSs ) and hepatotoxins ( microcystins ) .	Plur
It contains 10 conserved cysteines which are all involved in disulphide bonds and is structurally related to the ion channel inhibitor toxins BgK and ShK .	Plur
On the stylobate , often completely surrounding the naos , stand rows of columns .	Plur
Johnson 's Theorem ( due to R. E. Johnson ) contains several important equivalences .	Plur
‘ He painted the sunflowers exactly as he saw them , even if the heads were wilting or dead ’ .	Plur
Separately , September informs his fellow Observers that he may have made a mistake and assures them he will correct it .	Plur
They are commonly called narrow-winged skimmers .	Plur
It produced enamelled bathtubs , sanitary appliances , cast iron pipes and connections , flushing cisterns and cast iron products .	Plur
In the 2011 election , Madan Mitra of Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Manas Mukherjee of CPI ( M ) .	Plur
Each vehicle is given four powerups to use to gain an advantage in the race , which are earned by collecting Mad Dash cogs .	Plur
Functional products include ashtrays , spoon holders , trivets , paperweights and salt and pepper shakers among other items .	Plur
Al-Mansur protected the philosopher Averroes and kept him as a favorite at court .	Plur
Cleomenes III had seized Megalopolis .	Plur
He managed the Southern Maryland Blue Crabs in the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball in 2008 .	Plur
Upon Tailchaser 's uttering a prayer to Lord Tangaloor Firefoot , Hearteater 's brother , Eatbugs awakens , revealing himself to actually be Firefoot incognito .	Plur
The lights are growing dim .	Plur
( Expert preparers of that beverage often took on the second name of " Tanori " . )	Plur
This riding has elected the following MLAs :	Plur
The law encourages future wrongdoers to renounce their path and offers impunity as a reward .	Plur
The results were exhibited in her exhibition " Imaginary Homelands " in 1990 .	Plur
On 6 August 2016 , a man attacked two policewomen with a machete in Charleroi , Belgium , before being shot dead by another police officer .	Plur
Following " No Knives For Nathan " , on May 31 , 2011 " Set The Sun " was officially released .	Plur
The Sacramento Metropolitan Arts Commission and Capital Area Development Association have commissioned Couzens to produce works for Sacramento .	Plur
With the standard keel it displaces and carries of ballast .	Plur
Nolan picked up the " Supporters Young Player of the Season Award " but opted to join Chesterfield when his contract expired .	Plur
The comments soon attract trolls , who attack Piper online .	Plur
Reacher gets the Greers to hire him as a wrangler , and teaches Carmen how to handle a firearm .	Plur
1994 – Common family names include : Adam ’ s Cove : Baggs , Hollett , and Hudson .	Plur
He also published " Second Opinions " in 2000 and " Anatomy of Hope " in 2004 .	Plur
As the cartoon ends the whole audience applauds and congratulates Mickey with his success .	Plur
See also several Slavic placenames " Grab " with the same motivation .	Plur
On October 17 , 2014 , Meester performed " Heartstrings " on " Big Morning Buzz Live " .	Plur
Like other rock lobsters , it lacks chelae ( claws ) on its front pair of walking legs .	Plur
Others included Stanley Arthurs , Ethel Franklin Betts , Frank Schoonover , and Dorothy Warren .	Plur
In 2008 , the newspaper won six separate Pulitzers Prices ; in total , it has won 47 Pulitzer Prices .	Plur
Subsequently David Manning ejected the Freebirds and announced that the match was not over .	Plur
In 1900 he wrote " Ups & Downs of an Army Officer " .	Plur
Parker also petitioned financiers to invest in the film , ultimately getting an $ 8.5 million production budget , and started filming in May 2015 in Georgia .	Plur
In 1924 , he married Ollie Lynette Moores .	Plur
" Married at First Sight " has had five spinoffs :	Plur
The windows above this entrance , which are offset and open to a staircase , have transoms and brick spandrels .	Plur
It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection " Curtains for Three " , published by the Viking Press in 1951 .	Plur
It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection " Curtains for Three " , published by the Viking Press in 1951 .	Plur
It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection " Curtains for Three " , published by the Viking Press in 1951 .	Plur
It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection " Black Orchids " , published by Farrar & Rinehart in 1942 .	Plur
The final victory of the Occident over the Orient would confirm biblical prophesies — as interpreted by Rupert .	Plur
Lloyd Arthur Meeker led three six-month G-P-C Servers Training School sessions at Sunrise Ranch from 1952 to 1954 .	Plur
If the vehicle can also travel in reverse , then the path follows the Reeds – Shepp curve .	Plur
The track offers one of Sweden 's longest straights , open hairpins and fast , challenging corners .	Plur
He and Geoffrey Roberts joined Standard Telephones and Cables soon after graduation .	Plur
In the Monticello Joinery , Thomas Jefferson hired white joiners to train and work side by side with enslaved joiners .	Plur
Jefferson rewarded Hemmings with an annual bonus each year , beginning in 1811 , of fifteen to twenty dollars , or about one month 's wages .	Plur
Once re-established , Hakor made considerable exertions to affirm his legitimacy , putting emphasis on his – real or fictional – descent from Nepherites .	Plur
Kalbe Jawad addresses the majlis ( gathering ) there for the first 10 days of the holy month of Muharram which is attended by thousands of people .	Plur
Other cells that can get infected include the astrocytes , which can trigger bystander cellular dysfunction and apoptosis , further compromising the blood – brain barrier .	Plur
Worcestershire ( 22pts ) beat Gloucestershire ( 2pts ) by an innings and 86 runs	Plur
In 2015 , FBCTRA replaced the Plazas and repositioned them to be on the road between interchanges .	Plur
Aurie would later go on to head coach the Oshawa Generals .	Plur
To prevent this , carpenters often use pre-shaped jigs to hold the maple in place .	Plur
The school had Five Patrols and Mr. Francis listed the total number of Scouts as 40 , to be going on their first camp in January 1915 .	Plur
According to the NEH , the Lecture is " the highest honor the federal government confers for distinguished intellectual achievement in the humanities . "	Plur
A three-team home league features the Dundalk Deviants , Hampden Hons and Pigtown Butchers .	Plur
63 villages have landlines , 40 villages have public call offices and 80 villages have mobile phone coverage .	Plur
It also produced oilseeds .	Plur
It had 22 family welfare subcentres .	Plur
Unit 01 awakens and destroys the drones , then deactivates and descends back to Earth .	Plur
In 1992 , the Arab village site was described : " Scattered cactuses as well as some lotus and sycamore trees grow on the site .	Plur
In the ensuing battle to save the planet , several Halos are able to escape , their own AIs enacting failsafe protocols .	Plur
Tor also ran seven giveaways of the other " Halo " novels and action figures .	Plur
Judges pared more than 100 hopefuls down to four women and one man .	Plur
In 2008 , he defined the fronto-subcortical dementias .	Plur
These contain diamond-based crystal lattices oriented in all directions to give a brilliant green coloration that hardly varies with angle .	Plur
Risks include hypothermia , shock and the possibility of sudden cardiac death .	Plur
Now Worries Now holds annual proms for teens with life-threatening illnesses .	Plur
LOCA follows traditional die-cut film adhesives , also known as optically clear adhesives ( OCA tape ) .	Plur
Phil , increasingly dis-illusioned with the conduct of the war , enlists in a renegade special forces unit .	Plur
One such revue was " Nuts and Wine " .	Plur
A typical dtxR-type metalloregulator binds two divalent metal effectors per monomer , upon which allosteric changes occur that moderate binding to the cognate DNA operators .	Plur
These cell types include monocytes , endothelial cells and fibroblasts .	Plur
Examples include comparators , timers , phase-locked loops , analog-to-digital converters , and digital-to-analog converters .	Plur
2051 ) protects whistle blowers who take certain actions to raise concerns about consumer product safety .	Plur
Due to this unique approach , GBDE only supports 128-bit AES .	Plur
" Then it quits Some greet !	Plur
She also founded the Queensland Conservatorium Soloists , which has raised over $ 30,000 for the Conservatorium ’ s String Department .	Plur
Throughout the season , the Chiefs used three different kickers .	Plur
Kansas City also traded kicker Lawrence Tynes to the New York Giants .	Plur
When more spacecraft arrive , Captain Scarlet ( voiced by Francis Matthews ) volunteers to challenge the Mysterons in Destiny 's place .	Plur
Other well-known systems include Wade-Giles ( Mandarin ) and Yale Romanization ( Mandarin and Cantonese ) .	Plur
Municipalities and county councils in Sweden may form local federations ( ) and transfer to such federations the management of local government concerns .	Plur
In South Africa these included Pieter-Dirk Uys , director Jamie Uys , actress Taubie Kushlick , and Danie Craven	Plur
That year they quit CalArts and founded the Feminist Studio Workshop ( FSW ) .	Plur
At Saipan , while discharging , " Camel " discovered two Japanese stowaways , both of whom jumped overboard .	Plur
These fonts can be obtained " gratis " from GNU Savannah .	Plur
Twelve new Mark IVs were diverted from RAF production and these were followed by 12 former RAF Mark Is .	Plur
St. John founded the Trinitarians to go to the slave markets , buy the Christian slaves and set them free .	Plur
" Pterinochilus meridionalis " → " Ceratogyrus meridionalis "	Plur
Nick asks Vondas for help in resolving Ziggy 's problems with Cheese .	Plur
It had multiple co-presenters , including the University of Toronto , York University , OCAD University , FADO Performance Art Centre , and the Toronto-Dominion Bank .	Plur
Before the season , the Bandits signed 2015 draftees shortstop Sammy Marshall of Western Illinois signed with the Bandits .	Plur
They lost the Vardø – Kirkenes contract back to Widerøe in 2003 .	Plur
It also featured Achmad Thys , Poniman , Momo , Nawi Ismail , and A. Rasjid .	Plur
Walton won several King 's Plates in his racing career and was successful as a sire of winners .	Plur
The alluvium includes pebbles derived from bed fock , light micaceous sands , and in some places quicksands .	Plur
Some issues contains reportages from actions organized by ZX Spectrum community and interviews with authors of ZX Spectrum programs .	Plur
Lipid-based carriers include both liposomes and micelles .	Plur
Trichodectes canis , also known as canine chewing louse , is a chewing louse found on domesticated dogs and wild canids throughout the world .	Plur
" Trichondectes canis " , known for their ability to tolerate extremes in temperature , are found in many different regions worldwide .	Plur
" Trichodectes canis " may cause the host to become stressed , resulting in an increased risk of contracting infectious diseases .	Plur
Co-counseling involves peer-to-peer , confidential counseling that helps the participants discover themselves and deal with their emotions .	Plur
Tachycardia-dependent bundle branch block can prevent both ventricles from contracting efficiently and can limit the cardiac output of the heart .	Plur
The New South Wales Minister for Planning issued Conditions of Approval for the project on 4 October 2005 .	Plur
In the 1990s , Asher and Wilson reunited to write an original song that was featured in the film " The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas " .	Plur
WUN has identified four Global Challenges as the focus for its thematic research areas .	Plur
Trading platforms offer rollovers but the process involves a rollover interest fee which is calculated according to the difference between the interest rates of the traded currencies .	Plur
If a player uses a special ability that works upon winning a showdown , he must also beat any Villains in play for the ability to work .	Plur
This effectively prevented the high-pitched squeals that had plagued early radio sets .	Plur
In May 2015 , Saw released the single " Incline Thine Ears " .	Plur
In September 2001 , Cruz was asked to sing with old friends , the reunited Dead Kennedys , leading to a gig that lasted until April 2003 .	Plur
Completion of several road projects have put Baglung at the crossroads of major north-south and east-west highway systems of Nepal .	Plur
Hari Bahadur Khadka memorial road connects Baglung with Kushmi Sera in the south and also provides access to Balewa airport .	Plur
The core receptor + opsonin complex also creates byproducts like C3b and C4b which are important components for the efficient function of the complement system .	Plur
As of 2014 there have been sixteen Lok Sabhas elected by the people of India .	Plur
This oracle takes two encodings of group elements as input and outputs an encoding of a third element .	Plur
Atomic clocks use caesium masers as ultra-high " Q " filters to stabilize their primary oscillators .	Plur
But Agnew often made gaffes on the campaign trail , in contrast to Muskie who was viewed as a natural campaigner .	Plur
The comment drew boos from the crowd .	Plur
Upon the completion of this service , Rahim was assigned as Chargé d 'Affaires of Afghanistan in Islamabad , Pakistan until 1996 .	Plur
In 2009 , the council also donated two chalices .	Plur
This Guesthouse received the tithes of Everberg .	Plur
James Kilpatrick regularly exhibited his Clydesdales , colts and fillies in all their finery at the annual Craigie Agricultural Show in the 1900s .	Plur
Carver dismisses Carl 's protestations of innocence and injects him with a lethal overdose of heroin .	Plur
He joined Airdrieonians on 1 September 2014 , initially until January , however , this was extended until the summer of 2015 .	Plur
He regarded the Basques as " extraordinary people , with common sense and welcoming . "	Plur
These include creek chubs , pumpkinseeds , and brown bullheads .	Plur
A small unnamed tributary to Carbon Run hosted various caddisflies , mayflies , stoneflies , and minnows .	Plur
A total of ten electrical stations are planned : two traction power substations , one switching station , and seven paralleling stations .	Plur
In 2005 , Mason joined Atlantic Philanthropies as Senior Advisor .	Plur
He designed the World Development Indicators , an annex to the World Development Report .	Plur
On the album , he used mutes and multiphonics .	Plur
She blamed Wilders , saying that he hadn 't put her tweet in the right context .	Plur
The series featured other previous auditionees : Pia Gava , Benita Orwell and Eloise Praino .	Plur
It topically encompasses slavery , gender , ethnicity and borderland outliers .	Plur
This knowledge helped shape Lexis into a viable business venture .	Plur
In 1996 he created the ' Prunes and Custard ' , originally designed as a bass guitar distortion pedal .	Plur
" The Parisian Market or Le Marché des Innocents	Plur
Also , some patients diagnosed with SGBS do not have any GPC3 or GPC4 deletions or mutations .	Plur
Such tests include chest radiographs , electrocardiogram , echocardiogram , renal sonography , and abdominal sonography to test for possible abnormalities .	Plur
Jim produced over 30 quarts ( 7.5 US gallons ) of diphtheria antitoxin in his career .	Plur
Over time this group absorbed many French Creoles , who are Louisiana-born whites of colonial heritage .	Plur
The king financed dowries for each girl .	Plur
Other parishes so recognized include Avoyelles , St. Landry , and Pointe Coupee Parishes .	Plur
Some examples of vegetables that are particularly vulnerable to these conditions include eggplants , tomatoes , leafy greens , peppers , and okra .	Plur
In 1987 Augusto Pinochet opened Río Cruces Bridge , making the coastal town of Niebla as well as Torobayo and Punucapa accessible by road .	Plur
In the area of legal ethics , NYSBA adopted the Canons of Ethics in 1920 .	Plur
The album also featured reworkings of " Magnet " and " Peel " from the second EP .	Plur
Bristow replaced Gene Littles as coach of the Charlotte Hornets in summer 1991 , becoming the Hornets ' third head coach .	Plur
He was named emergencies in most of the matches at the end of the home and away season .	Plur
Aided by the fear of Moley 's warning , they deceive the weasels into surrendering and successfully reclaim Toad Hall .	Plur
On 20 September 2005 , Capital Radio Malawi challenged the Protected Emblems and Names Act of 1967 , which limits media freedom in Malawi .	Plur
The last national census , based on self-identification , counted about 600,000 Argentines ( 1.6 % ) of Amerindian heritage .	Plur
On 11 September 2017 , he joined Asteras Tripolis .	Plur
On 2 June 2010 , Vitória replaced Ulisses Morais at the helm of Paços de Ferreira .	Plur
The tour party , who lost one game on the eight match tour , included Clive Rowlands who went on to gain senior Wales caps .	Plur
On this 15-track collection , Howard " revisits " and elaborates on nine of his 1970s-era songs that previously had been recorded only as musically spare demos .	Plur
The 3 winners from the Preliminary Quarter-Finals ( along with the 5 teams who received byes ) enter the Quarter-Finals .	Plur
The 2 Relegation Preliminary Round losers enter the Relegation Quarter-Finals along with the 6 clubs who received byes .	Plur
The 3 winners from the Preliminary Quarter-Finals ( along with the 5 teams who received byes ) enter the Quarter-Finals .	Plur
He immediately joined Amiens reserve side , becoming an essential member of the side scoring 4 goals in 10 games .	Plur
He spent sabbaticals at Duke University ( Durham , NC : 1996 ) and Harvard University ( Boston , MA : 2003 and 2005 ) .	Plur
Further , with this deal , Hasbro will produce " Fortnite " -based Nerf blasters , which are expected to reach retail in 2019 .	Plur
The fourth reminiscence , Sarabande , contains bassoons whimpering in highest register .	Plur
This rhapsody represents Hovhaness trying to get back to his Armenian roots through the basis of traditional Armenian songs .	Plur
The property on which this house stands passed to his son , also named Caleb Everts ; the younger Caleb died in 1919 .	Plur
The pollen of such plants attracts and nourishes specialist pollen feeders that perform pollination , and many of those pollen feeders are beetles .	Plur
In addition , D. hemprichi has larger sclerites that form its exoskeleton , causing it to be less flexible in behavior .	Plur
Some of these disruptions include coral breakages and damages , in large due to contact of fins to the reef .	Plur
Since 1473 , the brewery has undergone many rebuilds and changed owners several times .	Plur
Figure 4 encapsulates an infinite family of order 2 setisets each composed of two triangles , " P " and " Q " .	Plur
Proposition 66 would limit felonies that trigger the second and third strike applications to violent or serious crimes and would increase penalties for child molesters .	Plur
Major supporters included District Attorneys Steve Cooley , George Gascon and Jeffrey F Rosen , Mike Romano , the NAACP , and the Democratic Party .	Plur
Uluka , who was before the birth of Gautama Buddha and is commonly known as Kanada , compiled the Vaisheshika sutras .	Plur
Absynthe Minded won the MIA 's for Hit of the Year , best album , best rock / alternative and best band .	Plur
Milow and Selah Sue each took home three MIA 's , and Gotye and dEUS two each .	Plur
Encouraged by the success , he founds " Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners " .	Plur
Belimarković himself donated 2000 Serbian dinars for its construction .	Plur
By the next morning , over a 5-hour period , the Russian Air Force had conducted over 60 air-strikes against rebel positions .	Plur
Here he met some confectioners and pastry makers and learned theirs skills .	Plur
Peliti also trained a few other Italian confectioners such as Angelo Firpo from Genoa who set up another restaurant in Calcutta .	Plur
Ludington wrote " Smoke Streams : Visualized Air Flow " , which was used for several years as a basic textbook on aero-dynamics .	Plur
Thekkumkoor Rajas had apparently allowed Brahmins to rule the ' graamam ' under his suzerainty .	Plur
( Kaviyoor Brahmins never married Thiruvalla Brahmins till about 50 – 75 years ago ) .	Plur
In the village operates the Sts .	Plur
In June 2016 , they released their single " Beggars " .	Plur
It contains the varietas " Eunidia rufula var .	Plur
It contains the varietas " Eunidia strigata var .	Plur
Her novels have seen multiple reprintings and have been translated into many languages .	Plur
Martin joined the Cairns Taipans for the 2006 – 07 season before moving to Melbourne and signing with the South Dragons for the 2007 – 08 season .	Plur
" Fiction seems mild compared to what I have been exposed to , experienced , and witnessed , " Hollywood novelist Brandie Knight proclaims .	Plur
In a review of their performance with Trisha Brown , the N.Y. Times called the Pops " robustly rhythmic . "	Plur
Broadly defined , this would include ejidos , or communal land owned by Indian villages .	Plur
Many cities celebrate residents ’ cultural heritage during these federally designated monthly observances .	Plur
This led many Cubans to conclude that the primary allegiance of these men was to Spain , even before Rome .	Plur
Feathery seeds ripen between August and October .	Plur
She also addressed media fabrications on her alleged negative relationships with Madonna and Katy Perry .	Plur
Il s 'exprimait fort bien en italien , comme la plupart des émirs et des cheiks du Liban ...	Plur
Linda pleads with Dean to admit he raped her but just as she seems to be making leeway , Mick interrupts .	Plur
He has described Pali as the root of the tree of Buddhism , that should be well taken care of .	Plur
Wat Paknam also organizes free health check-ups for the local community .	Plur
Moixa ’ s GridShare platform provides real-time dashboards , data and analytics .	Plur
American breeders have not subjected Jacobs to extensive cross-breeding or selective breeding , other than for fleece characteristics .	Plur
" Hungry Years " describes itinerant fruit pickers travelling via train up to Mildura .	Plur
Experts advise diabetics to maintain blood sugar level close to normal range for 2 to 3 months before planning for pregnancy .	Plur
Various manuscripts offer other transliterations , e.g .	Plur
The monastery runs an all-boys boarding secondary school on its grounds , Glenstal Abbey School , home to approximately two hundred students .	Plur
Born on October 19 , 1953 , in New York , New York , Combes moved to Tampa , Florida in 1966 at age 13 .	Plur
( A new edition published by MMP many years later added the HASL Module " Red Barricades " ) .	Plur
The glass curtain wall received new mechanical louvers .	Plur
Abdul 's first QVC appearance resulted in 15 sellouts of her first jewelry collection involving more than 34,000 pieces .	Plur
Further development yielded β-lactamase-resistant penicillins , including flucloxacillin , dicloxacillin , and methicillin .	Plur
DO NOT apply oily-based ointments until it is certain that all WP has been removed .	Plur
Because Hellenic culture was the dominant pagan culture in the Roman east , they called pagans Hellenes .	Plur
Diodorus does not mention Pytheas by name .	Plur
It does place Pytheas on the Arctic Circle , which in Norway is south of the Lofoten islands .	Plur
They displaced the Indo-Greeks and ruled a kingdom that stretched from Gandhara to Mathura .	Plur
The Soomras are one the longest running dynasties in the history of Sindh , lasting 325 years .	Plur
The remaining large groups include the Muhajirs and the Baloch people , which make up 7.57 % and 3.57 % of the total population , respectively .	Plur
Pakistan also has eighteen heliports .	Plur
Both Mark Rutte and Maxime Verhagen blamed Wilders for the failure of the negotiations .	Plur
Cinderella ’ s stepfamily return home , sharing embellished recounts of their evening .	Plur
At the 20th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev made several ideological ruptures with his predecessor , Joseph Stalin .	Plur
The four cave niches contained twelve ossuaries , of which six had been disturbed by grave robbers .	Plur
In 2014 , the " Pittsburgh Business Times " also reported an Overachievers Ranking for 105 local western Pennsylvania school districts .	Plur
Carbonate easily replaces iodide in its interlayer .	Plur
Contemporaries of the band include Asleep at the Wheel and Jerry Jeff Walker .	Plur
By 1987 , the Canadian company Trizec Corporation bought debentures carrying an option to buy portions of the Cullen Center , including 1600 Smith Street .	Plur
Recent studies of the Sun indicate its convection zone rotates at nearly the same rate at all depths .	Plur
After running several fund raising efforts including dance nights , the Albany Athletic Club had its own clubrooms and gym equipment .	Plur
The farmers needed hoes , matches and ploughshares .	Plur
New York Knights defeated Washington DC Slayers 64-8	Plur
Philadelphia Fight defeated Washington DC Slayers 72-16	Plur
Certain broad categorizations are useful , however :	Plur
These reefs are now named Danger Reefs and comprise Inner Reef , South Reef and Outer Reef .	Plur
The forests of Bomi , Zayu and Loyu have ancient dragon spruces which reach heights of over 80 metres and diameters of 2.5 metres .	Plur
Many PNG criminal law enforcement officials accept drunkenness as a legal defence in domestic violence cases .	Plur
The other causes may include ill-fitting or poorly contoured dentures , irritation of the palatal salivary glands poor oral hygiene and continuous day and night denture use .	Plur
Burning censers release thick yellow vapors into the air .	Plur
He now roams the Lower Planes , searching for work among the gods of evil .	Plur
Other possibilities are producing webisodes .	Plur
The wildlife include pine martens and otters , while the flora includes pearl-bordered fritillary and lily of the valley .	Plur
Jura used to be well known as a producer of other home appliances too , especially clothes irons .	Plur
This regiment contained 225 effectives in April , 1864 .	Plur
The unit took 236 effectives to Gettysburg and surrendered with 3 officers and 19 men .	Plur
The spiral sculpture consists of a few incised lines cutting only the interspaces between the ribs , on the spire .	Plur
They burn abductees with chips in their necks at abduction sites in attempts to prevent colonization from proceeding .	Plur
In the 1700s and 1800s Cambodian based Chams settled in Bangkok .	Plur
She disliked both expensive accoutrements and the protocol that dictated constant changes of clothing , preferring simple , monochromatic riding habit-like attire .	Plur
He indulged her wanderings , but constantly and unsuccessfully tried to tempt her into a more domestic life with him .	Plur
After the attack , Lucheni fled down the Rue des Alpes , where he threw the file into the entrance to No .	Plur
Unlike the gritty angst of " The Downward Spiral " , " The Fragile " relied more of melody , ambient noise and atmospheric soundscapes .	Plur
On October 9 , 2015 , Cold Spring released Coil 's original " Backwards " album , which was once again arranged through Danny Hyde .	Plur
identify the ACS as seized in the formal definition the more original	Plur
From the late 1990s up to 2007 , Malaysia Airlines used the Going Beyond Expectations slogan to brand itself internationally .	Plur
Distillation set-ups typically use condensers to condense distillate vapors back into liquid .	Plur
All fossil-fueled and nuclear power plants using steam-driven turbines have surface condensers to convert the exhaust steam from the turbines into condensate ( water ) for re-use .	Plur
Their most recent LP is ' Flies in All Directions ' , which was released in May 2014 .	Plur
Its shoulders formed a withers that would have served as an attachment site for especially strong muscles .	Plur
On 20 April 1931 , Herbert took the Chiltern Hundreds , thus resigning from the Commons .	Plur
Christians from the very beginning adorned their catacombs with paintings of Christ , of the saints , of scenes from the Bible and allegorical groups .	Plur
The school gives means-tested bursaries to help with fees .	Plur
Two years later , Hachette published " Guide Bleu Londres et ses Environs " .	Plur
Then formula _ 4 contains 45 codewords of weight 4 , 18 codewords of weight 6 and	Plur
Spotfins are born predominately benthic insectivores and become more open water as they mature .	Plur
In 1992 , the American Institute of Architects and American Architectural Foundation exhibited " Yann Weymouth Louvre Notebooks " at The Octagon , Washington , D.C .	Plur
This company later became PricewaterhouseCoopers , where she worked in acquisitions and strategy planning .	Plur
She briefly taught aerobics while at university .	Plur
London has also made PSAs and played benefits for mental health organization mindyourmind .	Plur
The Abruzzo region has the Apennines running along its western border and includes Corno Grande , the highest point on mainland Italy .	Plur
Cruise ships changed their itineraries to avoid the storm , which made landfall the afternoon of October 24 near the capital , Kingston .	Plur
In his brief career of seven years , he secured 17 acquittals in court .	Plur
A Secret Visit Leads to the Wrong Bed < br >	Plur
In the first round of the Promotion playoffs , however , Newbee lost to Team WE 3-0 , failing to achieve promotion to the LPL .	Plur
Hours later , the court sentenced 23 medics to three months in jail after they treated protesters and took part in demonstrations .	Plur
Künnap reads , walks , sketches labyrinths and coded messages , and watches dreams .	Plur
God tells the Winchesters that while they have Lucifer fighting with them , Michael is in no shape to fight and Raphael and Gabriel are dead .	Plur
He then assists the Winchesters in their plan to capture Lucifer and use his grace to complete the spell .	Plur
Later , he helps the Winchesters and their allies evacuate Apocalypse World .	Plur
Before the situation can devolve any further , Dean banishes all three angels using an angel banishing sigil .	Plur
After warning the Winchesters about the Prince of Hell Dagon , Castiel travels to Heaven with Kelvin to meet with Joshua .	Plur
Gabriel 's sacrifice enables the Winchesters to escape , leaving Michael stuck in Apocalypse World with Lucifer when the rift closes moments before Michael can reach it .	Plur
Completely fed up , Crowley draws an angel blade and kills Jervis and then the Bearded Demon .	Plur
Later , Ramiel tells the Winchesters that Dagon has taken an interest in Lucifer 's unborn Nephilim child , though Ramiel himself could care less .	Plur
Eileen 's letter causes the Winchesters to check the bunker and find Arthur Ketch 's monitoring equipment .	Plur
In " LOTUS " , Arthur rescues the Winchesters and Castiel from the Secret Service and orders Castiel to wipe their memory before introducing himself .	Plur
Bobby sends the Winchesters to see Frank when two Leviathans begin a series of killings throughout the country , masquerading as the brothers .	Plur
In " Ladies Drink Free " , Mick brings the Winchesters a werewolf case and asks to accompany them to get actual experience in the field .	Plur
The next day , Mick joins the Winchesters in investigating Hayden 's " mysterious " death , seeming conflicted by his actions .	Plur
Missouri , who is revealed to also be a former hunter , contacts the Winchesters for help when a monster targeting psychics kills her protégé .	Plur
Rowena aids the Winchesters in killing the witches and breaks the curse on Dean , saving his life .	Plur
She helps the Winchesters find the book after it 's been taken by two sibling witches who hope to bring their dead mother back to life .	Plur
In " Unfinished Business " , Rowena assists the Winchesters in finding Gabriel .	Plur
Killing Roman , the only Leviathan leader that there has ever been , severely weakens the Leviathans , as they are now directionless .	Plur
They can control their cravings and survive by feasting on animal hearts rather than human hearts if they so choose .	Plur
As the other two argue about the Kardashians , the Winchesters and Jack enter .	Plur
raided the classic Shorter catalog for material , this album sprinkles in several new tunes .	Plur
Smith paid off the tax liens on his property by May 2008 .	Plur
Bode has published 15 Monographs , among them	Plur
Dana Carvey and Kevin Nealon play two Austrian jocks , inspired by Arnold Schwarzenegger .	Plur
Albright also started two Podcasts in April 2016 titled MOVE and The Wednesday Call live with Andy Albright .	Plur
Jack Handey offers interstitial one-liners .	Plur
The hurricane also impacted Governor Chiles politically .	Plur
On September 4 , 2016 , the Detroit Lions placed Bynes on injured reserve due to his knee injury .	Plur
On September 10 , 2016 , the Detroit Lions officially released Bynes after they agreed to an injury settlement .	Plur
A scene from " Iphigenia in Tauris " shows Pylades , Orestes , and Iphigenia .	Plur
In 1945 she was a principal dancer with the Ballet des Champs-Élysées and performed in Paris concerts with her husband Edmond Audran .	Plur
These traits were not specified pathologies , but rather an overall abnormality like a highly susceptible nervous system to disturbances from excessive toxins .	Plur
Undaunted , Monica substitutes some boxed macaroni and cheese .	Plur
A royal court found three possible culprits .	Plur
This allows gamers to easily transport traditionally stationary systems , making them more mobile and sharable .	Plur
Other epiphytes include bryozoans , serpulid worms and hydroids , the latter being preyed on by the nudibranch " Tenellia georgiana " .	Plur
He applied brushstrokes to the surface of ink washes before they dried , creating a soft texturing effect .	Plur
The brothers employed Arthur Fernandes and Brojen Domecq Fernandes as master blenders .	Plur
and Richardson ) , the hotel attracted wealthy horse-race aficionados .	Plur
He represented the Morocco U23s in a 1-0 friendly loss to the Senegal U23s on 23 March 2018 .	Plur
As part of the centenary Melbourne also unveiled Cooks ' Cottage and the Shrine of Remembrance .	Plur
In still other places , the commentary appears long winded .	Plur
In November 1934 , the connection of a gas pipeline caused the gasworks to moderate its production of town gas .	Plur
His compositions include accompaniments for silent films and shadow plays .	Plur
The airport uses new generation Instrument Landing System - Thales 420 .	Plur
He therefore ordered the Egyptians to go back on the offensive , but the attack was quickly repulsed .	Plur
Knowledge of the essential amino acids has enabled vegetarians to enhance their protein nutrition by protein combining from various vegetable sources .	Plur
One shipment from the Baltic Sea port of Memel on 6 Nov 1936 , included 18,000-odd Pattern ' 14s and 2310 Canadian .303 M10 Rosses .	Plur
The Honda RS125 engine used produces 44 ps .	Plur
It is something thrown in , " gratis " , for good measure .	Plur
For a while after hatching , juveniles lack the distinctive wattles associated with adult individuals , and resemble the offspring of various other ducks such as mallards .	Plur
The brigade dispersed rioters and patrolled the city until they were moved to Semarang on the coast between Batavia and Surabaya in January 1946 .	Plur
In 1951 , the Prime Minister of Iran , Mohammad Mosaddegh , seized the oilfields in Abadan .	Plur
Covered by the machine gun , the Paras counter-attacked and forced the Indonesians back .	Plur
Feynman diagrams with more than one loop always contain internal boson propagators .	Plur
Moreover , sheaf cohomology has good properties for coherent ( and quasi-coherent ) sheaves .	Plur
In that formulation , stacks are ( informally speaking ) sheaves of categories .	Plur
Harry Rex Vonner also appears in the novel " The Summons " , published in 2002 , as an adviser of the protagonist Ray Atlee .	Plur
In 2002 , Marcus Holmberg joined guitarists Frans Perris and Magnus Kollberg to form the band The Most .	Plur
Schroeder currently writes , consults in the area of futures studies .	Plur
SY published handbooks on terrorism and provided advice for overseas personnel on traveling safely to and from work and how to make their homes safer .	Plur
Storms have previously exposed fossilised ammonites and belemnites in the Blue Lias base .	Plur
Other notable tenants include Bank of America , Dunkin ' Donuts and Deals .	Plur
Visitors can also feed the giraffes from the viewing decks at the southern end of the enclosure during the warmer months .	Plur
Current initiatives include " Quarters for Conservation " and spreading awareness of the burgeoning Palm Oil Crisis in Malaysia and Indonesia .	Plur
It bears a gravitas beyond the range of common human activity .	Plur
On 4 February 1774 he married Catharina Prins .	Plur
He thanked co-writers of the song for " understanding the nuances and complexities of the moment and for helping bring it to life " .	Plur
In 1979 , Sabco acquired the Melbourne-based Dawn Plastics and established a garden products division .	Plur
He later sang on Wakeman 's third solo album " The Myths and Legends of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table " .	Plur
This in turn led Grams to revise her own views on the topic .	Plur
He looks at a girl standing on the boat , the vision clears to be Sudha .	Plur
The Deregulation Act 2015 introduced some curbs on when a section 21 notice of possession may be served upon a tenant following a complaint of disrepair .	Plur
He was subsequently appointed first Public Complaints Commissioner for Metropolitan Toronto and Chair of the Police Complaints Board ( 1981 – 85 ) .	Plur
He did not resume ministerial labors , but spent his time in literary work and in the care of his health , which was never robust .	Plur
The tiedos of the Waalo , as brave warriors as they are , have almost all fallen under the enemy ’ s bullets .	Plur
Her dissertation , on algorithms for listing structures with polynomial delay , won the UK Distinguished Dissertations in Computer Science prize .	Plur
With the help of Bill Tanner , Bond traces Reach 's prosthetics to a decommissioned Norwegian battleship , the HNoMS Vargr .	Plur
He spent long sabbaticals at the Harvard University , MIT , Stanford University , CERN , University of Illinois and Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton .	Plur
Students in the IT SLC follow two Pathways .	Plur
The Developmental Synaptopathies Consortium defines PMS as being caused by " SHANK3 " mutations , a definition that appears to exclude terminal deletions .	Plur
Vassiliades translated the Shiva Sutras with the Kshemaraja 's Vimarshini into Greek .	Plur
Kriya yogi Shri Shailendra Sharma translated Shiva Sutras from Sanskrit to Hindi with commentary .	Plur
The third quadrant contains a golden wheat sheaf on a red field .	Plur
Albums of the Week included The Ramones debut album and Southside Johnny .	Plur
One version of the video features newscasters and interviews with fans lining up outside the venue before the performance .	Plur
In 1957 , Senator John F. Kennedy ’ s personal secretary , Evelyn Lincoln , introduced Paredes to Senator Kennedy .	Plur
Low dose antipsychotics may also be used in treatment of impulse-behavioural and cognitive-perceptual symptoms of borderline personality disorder .	Plur
He introduced the Sentences of Peter Lombard as the basic textbook for the study of theology .	Plur
Use of the amoxicillin / clavulanic acid combination for more than one week has caused mild hepatitis in some patients .	Plur
Young children having ingested acute overdoses of amoxicillin manifested lethargy , vomiting , and renal dysfunction .	Plur
He used these two custom Les Pauls on the Time Machine Tour .	Plur
( Prior to this , Lifeson used Moog Taurus Bass Pedals before they were replaced by Korg MIDI pedals in the 1980s . )	Plur
Pan also gave Artemis seven bitches of the finest Arcadian race .	Plur
Melchior Hoffman influenced the Hutterites when they used his commentary on the Apocalypse shortly after he wrote it .	Plur
Roman Catholics and Protestants alike persecuted the Anabaptists , resorting to torture and execution in attempts to curb the growth of the movement .	Plur
The factory could have driven independent traditional millers out of business , but it was destroyed in 1791 by fire , perhaps deliberately .	Plur
Inspired by the Ingmar Bergman film " Smiles of a Summer Night " , it involves the romantic lives of several couples .	Plur
This set can be called the regular and semiregular honeycombs .	Plur
The regular cubic honeycomb , represented by Schläfli symbol { 4,3,4 } , offers seven unique derived uniform honeycombs via truncation operations .	Plur
These families can produce uniform honeycombs with unbounded facets or vertex figure , including ideal vertices at infinity :	Plur
These tests do not differentiate alcoholics from non-alcoholics ; however , long-term heavy drinking does have a few recognizable effects on the body , including :	Plur
Benzodiazepine use increases cravings for alcohol and the volume of alcohol consumed by problem drinkers .	Plur
This included the monarchies of France , Sweden , Denmark and Spain .	Plur
It features four cooks who battle through three rounds , and are judged by three judges .	Plur
The narration focuses mostly on Anakin and Obi-Wan 's respective innner monologues .	Plur
They used wiretaps , as evidenced in later-FOIA-ed FBI files .	Plur
He joined Éditions Julliard in 1964 , where he created the " Archives " paperback collection .	Plur
Brigham Young and other 19th-century church leaders generally equated Lamanites with the native Indians of the Americas .	Plur
According to the article , patients paid Reese what they could afford , while widows and orphans of mill workers were not charged for his services .	Plur
Many open access publishers , such as PLOS , waive their APCs for those who cannot afford to pay them .	Plur
A comparison with a PSIM & SPICE model of the same device showed similar resulting waveforms with a comparable simulation speed given identical operating conditions .	Plur
The song connects the second " Marshall Mathers LP " to the first , which was released in the year 2000 .	Plur
The album , as well as his subsequent project " Until Next Summer " ( 2010 ) , were released through local streetwear company The Hundreds .	Plur
Instead , one can use best linear unbiased predictors , yielding	Plur
As of August 2016 , Otto has converted five Volvo 780 semis with self-driving technology , and is testing them on interstate highways .	Plur
Each episode showcases his escapades in trying to woo young girls by his charm and getting caught by his well aware wife .	Plur
The 16 runs victory gave Sri Lankans to win their first T20 title , which was against West Indies .	Plur
The Council continued to take responsibility for inoculation campaigns , providing diphtheria inoculations for the community free of charge in 1931 .	Plur
Follow eSports later became known as Splyce .	Plur
The next level in organisation structure includes the 6 Directorates as regional headquarters .	Plur
The New York Mets signed 18-year Olivares as an amateur free agent before the 1973 season .	Plur
When he got into the music world , he received many negative feedbacks as a starter .	Plur
( 2 b ) inhabits the three Guianas .	Plur
Christian interpreters have connected these healings that the New Testament records taking place through Jesus ' " tzitzit " with :	Plur
Other notable alumni include MLB baseball player Wes Helms and NBA veteran Darrell Armstrong of the New Jersey Nets .	Plur
The United Kingdom also has Honorary Consulates in Crete , Corfu , Rhodes , Thessaloniki and Zakynthos .	Plur
They retrieved their starships , destroyed the Mycon fleet and joined the New Alliance against the Ur-Quan .	Plur
They adore the Precursors and seek their artifacts .	Plur
At the 2016 election , Adam Giles followed Letts in becoming only the second sitting Chief Minister / Majority Leader to lose their seat .	Plur
Wrong Kind of Stone Age supported the Dead Kennedys at Sefton , in Sydney ’ s west , on their 1983 Australian tour .	Plur
During 2009 , Mean Creek appeared at the SXSW Music festival and toured with Cotton Jones , The Everyday Visuals , The Whigs , and The Features .	Plur
His dissertation was titled " Male Delinquents ' Assessments of an Industrial School : A Study of the Relationship between Assessments and Length of Residence . "	Plur
Banning Eyre distills down the Congolese guitar style to this skeletal figure , where clave is sounded by the bass notes ( notated with downward stems ) .	Plur
When they reached the Soo Locks at Sault Ste .	Plur
Current areas of research include viral hepatitis , liver cancer , liver inflammation and metabolism , liver cell injury and metabonomic and proteomic studies . "	Plur
The oocysts contain > 50 bivalved sporocysts : each sporocyst in its turn contains numerous sporozoites .	Plur
He edited " The Bards of the Tyne " which was a collection of local songs ( 1849 – 50 ) .	Plur
Singles from the album included " Fossils " and " T-Shirt Weather " , both of which were A-List Radio One records .	Plur
Samsung have released two Galaxy Tablets using OLED technology .	Plur
For the first time we have an entirely plastic AMOLED with backplane electronics manufactured in a special low temperature process .	Plur
In 2005 , Carville taught a semester of the course " Topics in American Politics " at Northern Virginia Community College .	Plur
None of the gens obtained any important magistracies until the latter half of the first century AD , when Lucius Bruttius Maximus was proconsul in Cyprus .	Plur
The posterior compartment contains the extensors of the hands , which are supplied by the radial nerve .	Plur
The anterior compartment contains the flexors , and is mainly supplied by the median nerve .	Plur
Symptoms include cravings for rice or sweet adzuki beans , listlessness , restlessness , and aversion to eye contact .	Plur
While there , he noticed poor Scottish crofters who were being displaced by their landlords .	Plur
( See Highland Clearances for more on the emigration of poor Scots . )	Plur
The latter wind mostly affects the pampas .	Plur
The axis separates the St. Lawrence Lowlands and the Great Lakes Lowlands .	Plur
By three weeks , the young bird acquires black scapulars and flight feathers .	Plur
Wintering white storks in India sometimes forage along with the woolly-necked stork ( " Ciconia episcopus " ) .	Plur
Nesting over successive years , the storks bring more material to line their nests and layers of organic material accumulate within them .	Plur
German and Dutch households would encourage storks to nest on houses , sometimes by constructing purpose-built high platforms , to bring good luck .	Plur
Poles , Lithuanians , Ukrainians and Belarusians believe that storks bring harmony to a family on whose property they nest .	Plur
Relieved , Fantine succumbs to her illness and dies .	Plur
Generalizing to arbitrary order and solving for " D " " f " ( " t " ) , one obtains	Plur
We then have natural isomorphisms	Plur
Operation Solomon took twice as many Beta Israel émigrés to Israel as Operation Moses and Operation Joshua combined .	Plur
The NATO standard probe system incorporates shear rivets that attach the refueling valve to the end of the probe .	Plur
Singaporean film critic Genevieve Loh of " Channel NewsAsia " wrote , " " Ip Man 2 " delivers .	Plur
Stallarholmen surrounding area contains 25 runestones , most of them on Selaön .	Plur
Both men were wearing full-face balaclavas , dressed in dark clothing and had Glock-style pistols .	Plur
The driver and passenger of the black hatchback were wearing balaclavas .	Plur
He helped Larry Lloyd 's " Latics " to win promotion out of the Fourth Division in 1981 – 82 .	Plur
he throws a low 90s fastball , along with a slider , curveball , and a splitter .	Plur
Ballard dismissed the French negotiators and ordered an immediate attack on the anchored frigates .	Plur
The cup bears the cyphers of Nicholas and Alexandra surrounded by a geometric pattern with the Romanov eagle on the opposite side .	Plur
Several hundred Sierra Leoneans living within and close to the former Boreah refugee camp near Kissidougou in 2007 rejected both repatriation and long-term local settlement options .	Plur
Ballet Manila received good raves and high praises in their performances of a recent 2011 United Kingdom and Ireland tour .	Plur
The rotunda also contains barrel-vaulted glass skylights and a mural depicting " man 's quest for education . "	Plur
Mother Lily Monteverde of Regal Entertainment presented the Movie Icons of Our Time plaque to her .	Plur
Secular critics of the crusades has paralleled the Crusades with the Islamic concept of " jihad " as comparable approaches to a religious justification of war .	Plur
His sire , Intent , won back-to-back runnings of the San Juan Capistrano Handicap .	Plur
On April 27 , 2011 , Dzieduszycki left the Scorpions after four seasons and signed a two-year contract to remain in Germany with Grizzly Adams Wolfsburg .	Plur
With 4,355 registered players and twenty clubs , the country currently ranks 37th worldwide and 4th in South America .	Plur
More recently , Baer * -semigroups have been also called Foulis semigroups , after David James Foulis who studied them in depth .	Plur
In 1851 , Benjamin S. W. Clark married Adaline W. Meigs .	Plur
Protest actions have included road blockades , rooftop occupations , attempted weapons inspections , and three peace camps set up in woodland next to the factory .	Plur
This technique extracts contaminated soil vapors and groundwater simultaneously .	Plur
It includes various controller presets and the possibility of creating a custom controller maps .	Plur
When the full course yellow is nearly over , the safety cars peels into the pits and releases the field .	Plur
In 2008 , he appeared as Buttons in " Cinderella " at the Opera House , Buxton , Derbyshire .	Plur
From danger shared , our friendship prospers . " "	Plur
Around them , more arms break through the ground – more trolls .	Plur
The team was renamed the Checkers in 1960 , and played its final four seasons in the Southern Hockey League , before folding in 1977 .	Plur
The team was renamed the Charlotte Checkers , resulting from a name-the-team contest .	Plur
Sterling currently holds 4 Black Belts , is a national , international and World class referee and team coach .	Plur
During the Quaternary , the Pyrenees experienced several glaciations , but of far less intensity than for example in the Alps .	Plur
This species inhabits warm scrubs and xerophilous hillsides .	Plur
From 1903 to 1947 the GWR built 379 halts and inherited a further 40 from other companies at the Grouping of 1923 .	Plur
Following Redknapp 's departure , the club appointed former Chelsea and Porto coach André Villas-Boas as manager .	Plur
Nevertheless , some systems attract vagrants who use the stations or trains as sleeping shelters , though most operators have practices that discourage this .	Plur
As the film progresses , the boy matures in both age and learning .	Plur
The island has seawalls with the ground just a couple of feet from the lake 's level .	Plur
The Eichler commission prompted Jones to form a partnership with his prewar acquaintance , architect Frederick Emmons .	Plur
A poster advertising the assisted passages specifically mentions " Gardeners , Shep [ herd ] s , Farm Servants , Labourers and Country Mechanics " .	Plur
A large fleet under Captain Stephen Decatur attacked Algiers and obtained indemnities .	Plur
Also in 1938 , the airline acquired three Junkers Ju 52s and two more Rapides .	Plur
In 1999 , he appeared in the science fiction film " Thrill Seekers " .	Plur
Clement accuses Basilides of a deification of the Devil , and regards as his two dogmas that of the Devil and that of the transmigration of souls .	Plur
Because it was restricted from founding new schools , it did not benefit freedmen in the South , as there were no established schools for blacks .	Plur
Since then , this challenging technical pass has attracted trekkers and climbers alike .	Plur
Female genital defects may include a reduced size clitoris and underdeveloped labia minora .	Plur
A few years back local Nigerian companies has commenced exporting groundnuts , cashew nuts , sesame seeds , moringa seeds etc .	Plur
He obtained acquittals for the abductors of Clément Ris , for Jean-Baptiste Jourdan , for General Dupont , with his customary courage and eloquence .	Plur
This unit does " not " support UMTS , Wi-Fi , or FM radio .	Plur
Lisa references Nixon 's dog Checkers .	Plur
The tagelied does not even consistently use refrains .	Plur
Many groups remove the nines so that there are 40 cards left .	Plur
Examples of cat bond sponsors include insurers , reinsurers , corporations , and government agencies .	Plur
On January 22 , Saito and Akiyama defeated Bad Intentions ( Giant Bernard and Karl Anderson ) to win the GHC Tag Team Championship .	Plur
The off-centre chisel tip also allows 2 different offsets to the pin .	Plur
The ovary has two chambers ( locules ) and a long style .	Plur
Players can also earn Credits , a form of currency used to buy weapons , boosts , Titans , or abilities before they are unlocked .	Plur
The creek has steep streambanks with a height of .	Plur
Along with A & W , fast food restaurants in Middlebury include a McDonald 's , a Dunkin ' Donuts , and a Subway .	Plur
By 1859 , when the population was 2,984 , Newbury had two gristmills , in addition to a paper mill and steam mill to manufacture mackerel kits .	Plur
The squad featured future first graders Tautau Moga , Harry Siejka and Jack Wighton .	Plur
In 1935 , he married Helen May Burroughs .	Plur
" Already regarded as a turn-in-the-road book , this historical study eschews most theological elements and jolts Christian readers into relocating Jesus in his original Jewish environment .	Plur
The additional gamma emission ( 81 KeV , 6.7 % ) from holmium-166 makes the holmium-166 microspheres quantifiable using a gamma-camera .	Plur
Complications resulting from extrahepatic deposition include radiation pneumonitis , gastrointestinal ulcers and vascular injury .	Plur
Biliary complications include cholecystitis and biliary strictures .	Plur
Parisians made the boulevards into promenades which have remained popular through the ages and changes in the city .	Plur
Hassett asked the Queenslanders to follow on and Miller took 1 / 20 and two catches as the hosts were defeated by an innings and 13 runs .	Plur
No test at Yucca Flat ever exceeded 500 kilotons of expected yield .	Plur
District Swabi has 4 Tehsils i.e .	Plur
When the Shorty Rogers and His Giants disc of 33.33 rpm called Martians Come Back !	Plur
In 1926 , he married Catherine Ila Lutes .	Plur
By the 18 October , the 5th Belgian Division had reached Bruges and the 7th Belgian Infantry Division had captured Oostkamp .	Plur
Examples of items covered by the new law include kitchen faucets , bathroom faucets and drinking water fountains .	Plur
In late 2013 , he will be producing storybooks highlighting The New 52 versions of the DC characters .	Plur
The cast included DeSean Stokes , Kersti Bryan , Nathan James , Carol Carter , Victor Arnez , Victoria Blankenship and Allen Kennedy .	Plur
As is the case with other gas to liquids processes , STG + utilizes syngas produced via other technologies as a feedstock .	Plur
Hart accused Packer of having been a " locum tenens " ( i.e .	Plur
It features English singer-songwriter Natalia Kills which Josh was the recording engineer .	Plur
God delivered up the Canaanites , and the Israelites killed them and destroyed their cities , calling the place Hormah .	Plur
The Israelites defeated the Amorites and took possession of their land and towns .	Plur
It topped the airplay list Los 40 Principales during eight non-consecutive weeks .	Plur
At fifteen years of age , Aban met Sulaym ibn Qays who taught him about Shi 'a Islam .	Plur
Thompson duly joined the Pilgrims making his Northern Premier League debut for them in the 1 – 1 draw at Wigan Athletic on 21 August 1976 .	Plur
Troma boasts " When Nature Calls " as one of the company 's best comedies .	Plur
As built , the TFS-1 were double-ended , single-articulated 6-axle tramcars with a high floor and steep stepped access from low level boarding platforms .	Plur
Unlike most other French tramways , Nantes decided not to use Alstom 's successor to the TFS tramcar , the Citadis .	Plur
They include 3 Maccabees , along with 1 Esdras & 2 Esdras .	Plur
Often included among the pseudepigrapha are 3 and 4 Maccabees because they are not traditionally found in western Bibles , although they are in the Septuagint .	Plur
Alex indulges in a thoughtless and careless brief romantic fling with Suzie at the soup kitchen where they volunteer .	Plur
In 1987 , Exile One recorded a Chanté mas and Lapo Kabwit song , " L 'hivenage " , commonly referred to as the yo .	Plur
Fish species include clownfish , cow fish , archerfish and bass .	Plur
Reptiles species include dwarf caimans , reticulated python , yellow-spotted Amazon River turtles , and collared lizards .	Plur
The New York state has listed COAS as an endangered species .	Plur
In 1984 , Seckel started the Southern California Skeptics ( SCS ) , and became a spokesperson for science and its relationship to the paranormal .	Plur
She gives him some travel goodies and he walks again .	Plur
She won the Premios TVyNovelas for Best Lead Actress for 2000 due to this role .	Plur
The play ’ s literary roots for characters and situations can be found in Williams ’ 1945 short story " Tent Worms " .	Plur
Although the Institution is an ECWA School , it trains Pastors from different denominations all over Africa .	Plur
Between June 2011 and February 2012 , he managed FC Martigues in the Championnat National .	Plur
The Defender left in summer 2010 the Championnat de France amateur club FC Martigues and joined to GS Consolat Marseille .	Plur
Prince awakes from his deep sleep .	Plur
He wrote also " Annales ecclesiastici regni Hungariae " ( Rome , I .	Plur
In 2010 , he joined SC Amiens with whom he gained promotion to the Ligue 2 .	Plur
Excreted in large quantities , the foam drips incessantly causing wet patches on the soil below .	Plur
The Mount Ophir Mint produced Octagonal Gold Slugs with a fifty-dollar denomination .	Plur
To Commemorate two Decades of Saarc	Plur
All 387 men were lost , including her captain , named Emms .	Plur
They superficially resemble nudibranchs but they are sacoglossans , members of the clade Sacoglossa within the Opisthobranchia .	Plur
Student accommodation blocks often have their own unmanned laundries , which are typically commercially run at a profit by the accommodation provider .	Plur
They somewhat resemble nudibranchs , but are not closely related to them .	Plur
" Filago vulgaris " can reach in height .	Plur
The families remember their forefathers by burning jute stalks and call upon them for blessing with the " Badabadua " verse :	Plur
Reporters later visited many illegal brickyards in Yuncheng and Jincheng .	Plur
Other forces include the Kenya Prisons with about 16,000 personnel .	Plur
The values that the party will propagate will include inclusiveness , equality , quality , originality , integrity , and transparency within the government .	Plur
These include special altimeters with high accuracy for small altitude measurements and also lesser dependence on weather conditions .	Plur
Tamul ’ s dissertation was titled " Donations to the Imperial University of Tartu ( 1802 – 1918 ) " .	Plur
The earliest Farley Boats were 18 to 22 footers that carried two people .	Plur
But they get The Dubliners playing and they don 't sing in Irish .	Plur
They will often use remixers to help them with skills or equipment that they do not have .	Plur
There , the spirit produces two misshapen , sickly children he names Ignorance and Want .	Plur
Megatron returned the Mini-Cons and joined the battle against Unicron , but secretly planned to let the Autobots die and then strike a bargain with Unicron .	Plur
After seeing The Fallen killed , Starscream advises that they should retreat .	Plur
Pendlebury and Holland therefore track down the schoolgirls and , in exchange for a similar tower and ten shillings , recover most of the loot .	Plur
The specific gene affected determines the specific EDS .	Plur
From 2006 to 2011 the Five Year Plan introduced Junior Youth Activities in addition to the previous four activities .	Plur
Victorian portrait and advertising paperweights were dome glass paperweights first made in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania using a process patented in 1882 by William H. Maxwell .	Plur
In 1998 , Henry Melville Fuller donated 330 twentieth-century paperweights to the Currier Museum of Art in Manchester , New Hampshire .	Plur
Petroglyphs in the Colorado Plateau depict either Columbian mammoths or mastodons .	Plur
For the next hour and a half , Pitsenbarger attended to wounded soldiers , hacking splints out of snarled vines and building improvised stretchers out of saplings .	Plur
Some editions had plastic window louvers on the rear side glass , fender flares , and two different plastic tailgate inserts .	Plur
In the 6th book , Darius sent heralds throughout Hellas bidding them demand " earth and water " for the king ( Hdt .	Plur
To placate him , peasants would offer him roosters and bliny .	Plur
She directed further pantomimes , namely " Snow White " at Grimsby Auditorium , and " Cinderella " at Southport 's Floral Hall Theatre in 2012 .	Plur
He won the all comers wrestling crown in London .	Plur
NS formally merged the Wabash into the N & W in November 1991 .	Plur
In certain cases , this syncope produces homophones , e.g .	Plur
" Where Did Our Love Go " is a 1964 song recorded by American music group the Supremes for the Motown label .	Plur
The Hospital uses " Critical Pathways " to map , integrate and assess every phase involved in providing care for key health problems .	Plur
Level 5 introduces moving platforms .	Plur
Level 10 introduces a Time Modifier and qualify times .	Plur
Level 16 introduces round bumpers .	Plur
In 2005 , Sears introduced a new store format called Sears Essentials .	Plur
Volunteering improves not only the communities in which one serves , but also the life of the individual who is providing help to the community .	Plur
" Giradiko " ( or " giradika " ) restaurants purvey the popular Greek dish gyros .	Plur
Mauro Zárate fired the Hammers in front when Chelsea failed to clear a corner .	Plur
Along with another film that Siodmak made the same year " Storms of Passion " , it anticipates the later development of film noir .	Plur
The Council hosts roundtables with Canadian and U.S. politicians , produces conferences , and recognizes one outstanding businessperson each year with its Corporate Leadership Award .	Plur
Some select affiliates also clears WKU Men 's Baseball games .	Plur
At the review aggregate websites GameRankings and Metacritic , the game holds an average review score of 96.43 % and 96 out of 100 respectively .	Plur
Individuals with various forms of colour blindness such as deuteranopia and protanopia are missing human middle wavelength sensitive or long wavelength sensitive opsins .	Plur
Tritanopes are missing the short wavelength sensitive opsins and see short wavelength colours in a green hue and dim compared to other colours .	Plur
Professional " Super Smash Bros. " competition involves professional gamers competing in the " Super Smash Bros. " series of crossover fighting games published by Nintendo .	Plur
In December 1985 he directed the ITV documentary " Sixty Tiny Fingers " about the Walton sextuplets .	Plur
Buckley had attracted laryngitis , which had caused him to track the majority of his vocals in one day .	Plur
On October 24 , 1935 , he became chargé d ’ affaires in the Polish mission to Czechoslovakia .	Plur
Journalists have become the scapegoats of a society at odds with its elites . "	Plur
The episode highlighted Canadian illusionists Chris Funk and Ekaterina , who ended up losing the " Wizard War " to Justin .	Plur
It has also brewed Guinness under licence since 1996 .	Plur
CD Compilations of Leonard Cohen	Plur
Off air , they performed " Mirrors " and " The Departure " .	Plur
Game seven of this series went four overtimes , and is known as the Easter Epic .	Plur
In 1547 he supported Cranmer 's " Homilies " campaign , preaching at St Paul 's Cross , early in the new reign .	Plur
King John III Sobieski , who was known for his kindness towards strict religious orders , took the Marians under his special protection .	Plur
He began racing soapbox derbies when he was 11 , raced those for several years , then won a local downhill slalom event when he was 16 .	Plur
The Abeïbara Cercle contains the following Rural Communes :	Plur
Harry Hunter ( 1840 – 1906 ) , the lead performer and lyricist with rival group the Manhattan Minstrels , joined the Mohawks in 1874 .	Plur
Services included prosthetics , audiology , speech therapy , physical rehabilitation and a therapeutic art studio .	Plur
Callinectes similis , sometimes called the lesser blue crab or dwarf crab , is a West Atlantic species of blue crab .	Plur
" Callinectes similis " is found in the Western Atlantic Ocean , Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico from the United States to Colombia .	Plur
Unlike their larval forms , which are specialized for particular host plants , adult brimstones are not specialized nectar feeders .	Plur
The Reston virus , has caused EVD in other primates .	Plur
Alternative spellings and derivative forms in neighboring languages include Lukacs , Lukáč , Lukač , Lukach , Lucaci and Lukačić .	Plur
During 2003 / 2006 , Alpha lost its Jingles in favour of imaging when the Music : Fun : Life streamline was introduced .	Plur
Some pictures show Eminem shooting everybody , which makes a reference to the ending of the album 's title track .	Plur
Reunited with Rosabella and soon to be a father , Tony affirms that he truly is " the most happy fella . "	Plur
Henry married Eleanor de Redvers , daughter of Hugh de Courtenay , the 1st Earl of Devon .	Plur
Known as Medicare Part D , this program engages private insurers to negotiate with pharmaceutical companies for the placement of drugs on tiered formularies .	Plur
That said , he has presented occasional monologues in between two skits .	Plur
Both types , lake-filled maars and dry maars , are typical of the Volcanic Eifel .	Plur
In Central Mexico , the Tarascan volcanic field contains several maars in the states of Michoacán and Guanajuato .	Plur
The San Pablo Volcanic Field in the Province of Laguna on the island of Luzon in the Philippines contains maars .	Plur
Some authors subsume Hurrians and Urartians under Northeast Caucasian as well as part of the Alarodian theory .	Plur
The series mashes together cinematic recreations along with first-hand details with women who relive their shocking life experiences .	Plur
It saw its first graduations in medicine in 1894 and in arts in 1895 .	Plur
They recorded an EP , " Delusions of Grandeur " , in two days .	Plur
Cicero calls Diogenes " a great and important Stoic " .	Plur
In 1998 , Hall scored three top-tens and a pole at Gateway .	Plur
Governments in almost all the states and provinces of both the nations declared official Holidays on 30 March in view of this match .	Plur
Various combinations of these acoustic expressions across space and time generate unique soundscapes .	Plur
Landscapes may directly influence soundscapes as some organisms use physical features of their habitat to alter their vocalizations .	Plur
Research on great tits in an urban environment revealed that male birds inhabiting noisy territories tended to use higher frequency sounds in their songs .	Plur
A follow-up study of multiple populations confirmed that great tits in urban areas sing with an increased minimum frequency relative to forest-dwelling birds .	Plur
It celebrates Aryan fests along with other racists .	Plur
One can create folders to organize files , rename files , move them around , and so forth .	Plur
Sporting News College Basketball Preview magazine picked the Seawolves as # 1 and also named Bryan Dougher a preseason All-America East .	Plur
After the Mariel Boatlift he wrote " Gays Under the Cuban Revolution " , breaking with those New Leftists who continued to defend the Cuban Revolution .	Plur
By 1957 , the TTC ( now the Toronto Transit Commission since 1954 ) had more PCCs than any other city in North America .	Plur
By 1992 , it had rebuilt 19 PCCs for use on the new Harbourfront streetcar line ( part of today 's 509 Harbourfront service ) .	Plur
The TTC retained A15-class PCCs 4500 and 4549 for excursions and special events .	Plur
Skanderbeg had united the Albanian Principalities in a fight against the Empire in the League of Lezhë in 1444 .	Plur
He described two successful racing dinghies as well innovations used on an America 's Cup defending yacht .	Plur
Branches also supply the lower oesophagus .	Plur
The differential diagnosis includes many tumoral and nontumoral pathologies .	Plur
However , this practice has pitfalls .	Plur
The company ordered 24 tramcars for its initial operations	Plur
The University of California system is also currently evaluating Human Capital Contracts as a possible solution for providing more affordable , sustainable tuition assistance .	Plur
On 28 March 1967 , she embarked seven Cuban stowaways from MV " Amfialia " and delivered them to Key West , Florida .	Plur
He had 105 firefights at sea as well as 30 actions in which he did not fire a shot .	Plur
He wrote " The Nestorians " and an appeal for Christian doctors to engage in missionary work .	Plur
The Notre Dame Hounds defeated the Mississauga Reps 3-2 in the gold medal game to win their second straight national title and fourth overall .	Plur
Some participants create their own famines , such as living in a cardboard box or being blindfolded .	Plur
Words can never liberate the wholeness of the real ; there cannot be a signification of being in language . ”	Plur
The bell contains christenings and marriages 1941 – 1979 .	Plur
Chan Dai-Ha ( Frankie Lam ) sells Chinese desserts and falls in love with a wealthy girl named Gei Hao-Yee ( Kenix Kwok ) .	Plur
" The trapper " exemplifies frontiersmen like Daniel Boone in his quest for the wide open spaces of the American west .	Plur
The ECC has 10 full-time dispatchers , certified by the state of California 's Commission of Peace Officer Standards and Training .	Plur
Clubs have also worn Jerseys that reflect an important milestone or event .	Plur
He set the Silmarils in the crown , and " never took [ it ] from his head , though its weight became a deadly weariness " .	Plur
After the Nauglamír had been reforged he asked the Dwarves of Nogrod to set the Silmaril in it , which they did .	Plur
The Dwarves Kili and Fili play " little fiddles " during the Unexpected Party at the beginning of " The Hobbit " .	Plur
Similar to weddings , divorce parties take on many tenors and serve different purposes .	Plur
The Italian Francesco Fontebasso painted the evangelists in the church 's spandrels and the " Resurrection of Christ " plafond in the vestibule .	Plur
SWestrans covers the Dumfries & Galloway Council area .	Plur
In 1827 a group of sealers took 5 Aborigines to Green Island to catch birds .	Plur
In December 2005 , he assisted Lincoln Moorlands .	Plur
US ( Enhanced cd , includes " 1000 Oceans " and " Bliss " video , September 28 , 1999 )	Plur
His other shows included " Skeptic " , " The Marvellous Misadventures of Puzzle Boy " and " Lawrence Leung Wants A Jetpack " .	Plur
The next year , Big Train again defeated the Redbirds in the finals to win back-to-back league championships .	Plur
In 2006 , during his second season with Internacional he won the Copa Libertadores beating rivals São Paulo Futebol Clube .	Plur
" NASA retained American Technology Alliances to design the AGATE Alliance .	Plur
In 2012 , Thompson appeared in the film " The Perks of Being a Wallflower " , based on the popular novel of the same name .	Plur
The soundtrack album Finders Keepers by Cliff Richard and The Shadows was released on Columbia Records ( Columbia SCX 6079 ) .	Plur
Returning to Ceylon in 1964 , he took oaths as an Advocate and started his legal practice .	Plur
Gurpurbs commemorating birth anniversaries may include illuminations in gurdwaras and in residential houses .	Plur
The abolition of slavery in D.C. in 1862 also attracted many freedmen to the city .	Plur
Both had missed putts on the 72nd hole to win on Sunday , Trevino for par and Nicklaus for birdie .	Plur
In 2005 The Beautiful Mistake were included in the movie " Bastards of Young " released on Art & Industry Films .	Plur
A good portion of the storyline parallels the Zoids : Fuzors anime .	Plur
Fiji has put a circulating 50 Cents into circulation to commemorate the Fijian 7 's rugby team 's victory at the 2016 Olympic Games .	Plur
Roman banquets of antiquity had goblets of specially prepared antimony-doctored wine .	Plur
ARN Consultants helped Amek design Consoles .	Plur
In 2010 , Allison created the Luxury Fashion Brand Wealthy War Intentions .	Plur
When interrupted , Kinnock accused the hecklers of " living like parasites off the struggle of the miners . "	Plur
The secondary coverts form yellow epaulets .	Plur
The nest itself is usually composed of long grass stems , woven while they are still green and lined with finer grass .	Plur
Men had carried purses up to this time because tunics did not provide pockets .	Plur
The Sportimes met the third-seeded Freedoms in the WTT Semifinals in Newport Beach , California on July 29 , 2006 .	Plur
Kendrick and Witten put the Sportimes in front , 13 – 11 , with a men 's doubles set win against Samuel Groth and Mello .	Plur
A distinctly coloured bird found mainly in the high-elevation areas of the Western Ghats , the Nilgiris , the Palnis and associated hill ranges .	Plur
In a dawn attack , the Confederates surprised about 300 Bushwhackers .	Plur
By this time , the 19th could only muster about 150 effectives , but that number increased to about 380 by the end of Fall .	Plur
In 2009 , Sharon Johnson replaced Graham Simmonds as Chief Executive .	Plur
Trees for Cities has built 100 Edible Playgrounds , and aims to increase this number to 250 in 25 cities by 2022 .	Plur
It usually involves kayakers descending snow slopes , in contrast to river sports such as whitewater kayaking for which the boats were usually designed .	Plur
The section contains macaws , owls , eagles and lorikeets that can be hand fed .	Plur
Five denominations of coins were issued : 2.5 centavos , 5 centavos , 10 centavos , 20 centavos , and 50 centavos .	Plur
Family names include : Dias , Pereira , Rozario , Simao .	Plur
The Montreal-based sextet was originally named Profugus Mortis ( Latin for " Death of a Refugee " ) .	Plur
Their first major label debut was entitled Profugus Mortis as a tribute to their past .	Plur
Jordan Harrison of " Home Media Magazine " wrote , " " Play Dead " wobbles between the comedy , drama and action genres .	Plur
Abdelgany also allegedly cautioned disruptors to be loud and firm , but not lose their composure .	Plur
Wallingford suggests carpet tacks , which he insists will interest other investors , and the townspeople agree .	Plur
Ross married Beverley Bell Cosh and they had two children , Digby and Yolande .	Plur
The Red Lion team included Double BDO World Champion Scott Waites and former British open winner Martin Atkins .	Plur
In their conversation , Walter blames the ‘ Intellectuals ’ for the deplorable state Africa was in .	Plur
Her other hobbies included gardening and breeding budgerigars and other birds .	Plur
It features understated limestone insets and horizontal limestone belting .	Plur
The NMCI provides the NS with non-military training of personnel utilising state of the art training facilities .	Plur
In 1988 , the creation of Thornton Hospital on the La Jolla campus allowed the regents to reduce the number of Hillcrest beds from 447 to 327 .	Plur
Haribhadra uses the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali to develop his system of Jain meditation and Yoga .	Plur
The eightfold Yoga system promoted by Haribhadra has the following eight yogas :	Plur
They quickly filled the town 's two taverns .	Plur
John Lennon visited many Japanese Shinto Shrines , and one of them was Yasukuni Shrine .	Plur
The quadriceps tendon has approximately 20 % greater collagen per cross-sectional area than the patellar tendon , and a greater diameter of usable soft tissue is available .	Plur
Scaffolds that are used for ACL growth include collagen , silk , gelatin , polylactic acid , and glycosaminoglycans .	Plur
She continued her labors in the Marianas until 8 July , when the warship left in the screen of a convoy bound for the Marshalls .	Plur
The school offers bursaries and allowances , £ 1,575,525 was provided in 2013 , and scholarships which totalled £ 304,197 .	Plur
On January 18 , 2013 , Butler joined the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA Development League .	Plur
He joined Brose Baskets Bamberg in July 2012 .	Plur
" We can direct those moneys to other ways that would be much more beneficial to mankind . "	Plur
In 1627 he placed the Eight Banners under the command of eight " high officials " ( Ma .	Plur
Bhatia has played four Under-19 Limited Overs Matches .	Plur
Ashok gives his last two annas ( 12 pence ) to her .	Plur
Sa 'd's sons A 'sur and Ghatafan each bore several sub-tribes .	Plur
Umayr also entangled the Qays against the Banu Taghlib , and the two sides fought several battles near the Khabur , Balikh and Tigris rivers .	Plur
In the championship game , IsraBowl I , the Jerusalem Lions defeated the Haifa Underdogs in overtime .	Plur
Each of the domains has 5 alpha helices with a hydrophobic core .	Plur
All three divisions became Shires on 31 July 1903 under the " Local Authorities Act 1902 " .	Plur
Migratory birds use the islets often and among the birds which can be seen are mallards , great egrets , mandarins , common kestrels and spotbills .	Plur
The classroom seats 32 students and has 16 student grade dissecting microscopes .	Plur
MMRDA officials installed additional signboards by 21 April , but they failed to improve the situation because they were too small .	Plur
As with all members of its genus , these fish are large and heavily built cichlids who are aggressive and highly territorial .	Plur
Goltz captained Lanús to their first Copa Sudamericana championship in 2013 , scoring in the first leg of the final against Ponte Preta of Brazil .	Plur
RNase PH has homologues in many other organisms , which are referred to as RNase PH-like proteins .	Plur
Wildlife includes armadillos , two species of monkeys and birds of more than 270 species .	Plur
It received new reconnaissance hydroplanes , bombers , and fighters .	Plur
In these companies Connect negotiates on members ' behalf .	Plur
Los uses the Chains of Jealousy to bind Orc upon a mountain , and Orc becomes part of the rock .	Plur
Bounderby has no moral scruples , and , for example , fires Blackpool " for a novelty " .	Plur
He drew three character sheet turnarounds for Den and Kath , but these were not usable due to " inconsistencies in the construction " .	Plur
This includes drawbridges where traffic on the Interstate can be stopped for vessels .	Plur
Máel Dúin recounts the marvels that God has revealed to them on their journey .	Plur
Even today very few recipes include chili .	Plur
They beat the Seoul Samsung Thunders on their opening match .	Plur
In humans , L-2-hydroxyglutarate dehydrogenase uses FAD as the cofactor , while the " E. coli " enzyme reduces molecular oxygen .	Plur
His contribution as musical director include MTV 's Super Bowl Jams Hosted by Busta Rhymes , and The Ladies of Jazz of New Orleans .	Plur
It grows well in stony soils , skeletal loams or clay pans as part of spinifex and " Eucalypt " communities .	Plur
We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up . "	Plur
BYU Radio also had 4 radio exclusives this season : Mar .	Plur
In 2005 they identified three " Competency Categories to highlight delivery related , interpersonal , and strategic competencies : "	Plur
HODI also trains paralegals , to provide legal aid to less fortunate people that would otherwise not have those services .	Plur
His thesis was entitled " Some Elastico-Viscous Liquids with Continuous and Discrete Relaxation Spectra " .	Plur
The throne of the Byzantine Empire ( Magnaura ) included elaborate automatons of singing birds .	Plur
Stanford told Howells that Gurney was potentially " the biggest of them all " , but he was " unteachable " .	Plur
Its common names include China aster and annual aster .	Plur
Pest insects can include leafhoppers , aphids , blister beetles , and the tarnished plant bug .	Plur
This period of warfare is called the Northern Crusades .	Plur
Although the heart is conceptually a pump , it embodies subtleties that defy straightforward emulation with synthetic materials and power supplies .	Plur
It eats reed aphids in summer , and reed seeds in winter , its digestive system changing to cope with the very different seasonal diets .	Plur
Prior Venus missions had created low resolution radar globes of general , continent-sized formations .	Plur
Gonzales accompanied Peaches on piano .	Plur
Other musicians who have released tribute singles as part of the series include The Horrors , Primal Scream , Klaxons and Bruce Springsteen .	Plur
Minton started at Edwardsville High School in 1905 , aged fourteen .	Plur
Examples included the large muttonchop sideburns popularised by Ambrose Burnside , and variants of the full beard named after Verdi and Garibaldi .	Plur
Walker also designed several smaller board wargames for free publication in Armchair General Magazine .	Plur
He joined Penfolds in the early 1930s as a messenger boy and became chief winemaker in 1948 through 1975 .	Plur
In that year , besides the 19 national Laureates , two prestigious foreign Laureates received the Khwarizmi Award which subsequently produced the foreign section .	Plur
In 1938 , he joined the Russian Communist Party ( bolsheviks ) .	Plur
( See the “ Examples of Lead User Method ” section of this article for more examples of lead user identification . )	Plur
In 2017 she won the Premi d 'Honor de les Lletres Catalanes .	Plur
In his next fight Torres will face the WBA Minimumweight Champion Juan Palacios .	Plur
Corporate investors included Juniper Networks and Toshiba America Electronic Components ( TAEC ) .	Plur
He subsequently worked for John and Arthur Arch , the Quaker booksellers of Gracechurch Street , where he stayed until he began business on his own account .	Plur
He bought remainders on a large scale .	Plur
His daughter , Judith ( d , 28 Jan 1657 / 8 ) , married Sir Thomas Dawes ( d . 5 Dec 1655 ) .	Plur
Eventually Fitzpatrick and his wife founded Country Curtains .	Plur
The golden darter prefers shallow gravel riffles in small to medium-sized rivers .	Plur
It serves ramen , seasonal dishes , and a variety of buns .	Plur
Some individuals have small dark dorsal saddles .	Plur
Manuel Belgrano urged Liniers to resist against Cisneros , with the support of the loyal military bodies under his command .	Plur
Dubey has also done several Advertisements like Pizza Hut , Kitkat , Reliance Big-TV , HDFC bank and for many other leading brands .	Plur
shall capture the Himalayan Smiles	Plur
The scroll read " The Ancient Roman Ruin crumbles on the hillside in La Turbie . "	Plur
Special veterinary services include " Weight Management Clinics " and " Wellness Clinics " for animals in need .	Plur
Unlike other steam powered contraptions of the time , this did not run on a rail system .	Plur
The film ends on a happy note with Ayesha and Ajay are united and Bhai-Jaan reconciles with Ajay .	Plur
In " Infinite Crisis " # 6 , Alexander Luthor Jr. creates multiple Earths .	Plur
This became the town 's first Waterworks and provided most of Kenilworth 's water supply until 1939 .	Plur
Two victories would take the Thistles directly to the 2009 Allan Cup round robin for the first time ever .	Plur
The Thistles destroyed the Mercurys with scores of 6-1 , 11-1 , and 5-0 to take the series and another Thunder Bay title .	Plur
In 1925 the Deutsche Reichsbahn ( DRG ) took over 511 Prussian T 3s as their Class 89.70 – 75 .	Plur
These included several ' genuine ' Prussian T 3s .	Plur
For the sixth season , HBO did not send screeners to the press , so as to prevent the spread of unlicensed copies and possible spoilers .	Plur
The park contains aphorisms and epithets from the Buddhist sutras .	Plur
Though the Bolsheviks suppressed syndicalism in Russia , they courted syndicalists abroad as part of their international strategy .	Plur
Spain has several syndicalist federations , including the CNT , which is still part of the IWA and has around 50,000 members as of 2018 .	Plur
Social science fields of study usually have several sub-disciplines or branches , and the distinguishing lines between these are often both arbitrary and ambiguous .	Plur
A concert band may include two altos , one tenor , and one baritone .	Plur
Psalm " for 9 voices , 5 trumpets , 3 trombones , 5 violas and basso continuo ( Freiberg , 1652 ) .	Plur
This group includes novae and supernovae .	Plur
For details on borrowed words and other external influences upon Spanish , see Influences on the Spanish language .	Plur
Most of the caves have stalagmites rising from the ground and stalactites hanging from above .	Plur
A skeet shooter shooting at close targets might use 127 micrometres ( 0.005 inches ) of constriction to produce a diameter pattern at a distance of .	Plur
A trap shooter shooting at distant targets might use 762 micrometres ( 0.030 inches ) of constriction to produce a diameter pattern at .	Plur
Since then , the government has recognized the Métis as an aboriginal people with status rights and provided them with various benefits .	Plur
Most of his Members of the Legislative Assembly ( MLAs ) represented rural and small-town ridings .	Plur
The Boston Garden hosted many religious conclaves .	Plur
They may sometimes join mixed-species foraging flocks .	Plur
The two German ships then fired three salvoes each at " Invincible " and sank her in 90 seconds .	Plur
After all , Norway had seen other claimants , since Harald Gille , whose paternity was equally questionable .	Plur
" P. rapae " use their chemoreceptors on their tarsi to search for chemical cues from the host plant .	Plur
During his tenure , Deng Ai developed wastelands in Runan and ensured that his soldiers and the common people had their basic needs fulfilled .	Plur
The School 's music department provides several Orchestras , Ensembles and Choirs .	Plur
The two German ships then fired three salvoes each at " Invincible " , and sank her in 90 seconds .	Plur
By the end of the year Halsall had also left Grimms ( and would soon go on to join Hiseman 's new group Tempest ) .	Plur
A few days later , Hamas reportedly killed two Gazans and wounded ten after a scuffle broke out over food handouts .	Plur
In Eurobowl XXIX , the New Yorker Lions defeated fellow German club Schwäbisch Hall Unicorns 24 – 14 .	Plur
Seleznev obtained his first credit-card dumps , which he resold to Horohorin .	Plur
Anundson faced Philipe Lins in the semifinals at Bellator 122 on July 25 , 2014 .	Plur
" Battleborn " initially did not support microtransactions , and it was only introduced in a June 2016 update .	Plur
For the details of this , see the Playfair annuals of 1960 and 1965 .	Plur
In nature , unsaturated fatty acids generally have " cis " as opposed to " trans " configurations .	Plur
The NAS has , thus , " recommended that trans fatty acid consumption be as low as possible while consuming a nutritionally adequate diet " .	Plur
Major fast food chain menus and product lines with significant artificial trans fat include Popeyes	Plur
The witnesses asserted that after this heated encounter , cattle mutilations in the region ceased for about five years .	Plur
Local folklore has attributed the mutilations to chupacabras or similar creatures .	Plur
Addison , brought to a state of desperation , drives Hollis away by claiming he never loved him .	Plur
The Pope sent Lopes back to Portugal with a letter for João III , requesting that Lopes be transported back to Saint Helena .	Plur
Mesa sold 24 Beech 1900s to Great Lakes , and returned the remaining Beech 1900s to Beechcraft / Raytheon .	Plur
The XMT framework accommodates substantial portions of SMIL , W3C Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) and X3D ( the new name of VRML ) .	Plur
In 1995 , The Cavaliers brought back " The Planets " as their entire show .	Plur
Toxicogenomics combines toxicology with genomics or other high-throughput molecular profiling technologies such as transcriptomics , proteomics and metabolomics .	Plur
Many mashup editors include mashup enablers , for example , Presto Mashup Connectors , Convertigo Web Integrator or Caspio Bridge .	Plur
A similar reaction involving thiols and selenols can yield the corresponding esters .	Plur
For full squad lists for the 1987 U-16 World Championship see 1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship Squads .	Plur
He commissioned Edward Burne-Jones of James Powell & Sons to make three stained-glass windows for the east end , representing the Tree of Jesse .	Plur
Crook considers this room " pure Burges : an arcaded circle , punched through by window embrasures , and topped by a trefoil-sectioned dome . "	Plur
He graduated from Chelyabinsk railways technical school , the Urals Engineering Institute of railway transport , and State Railways University .	Plur
The grass has barbed burrs up 4 – 10 mm long .	Plur
The land of the tundra is constantly changing as permafrost and snow melts and refreezes through the changing seasons .	Plur
The Westerns Cascades Lowlands and Valleys is the largest of the Cascades subregions , covering in Oregon and in Washington .	Plur
Mountain meadows support sedges , dwarf willows , and tufted hairgrass .	Plur
The library has 500,000 folders containing clippings on a variety of people and subjects pertaining to the performing arts .	Plur
The new route would allow Afghan exporters to transport minerals and other goods into Europe .	Plur
The country has 11 explored oilfields with reportedly 28 Mt of oil resources ; larger oilfields are also thought to exist .	Plur
Wang Lung and O-Lan work as hard to ensure their family 's survival , and their persistence finally prevails when the land produces great riches .	Plur
On December 15 , 2005 , the Parliament of Ghana passed a new Minerals and Mining Law ( law number 703 ) .	Plur
His father , Didier , and brother , Isaac , were both notable medallists .	Plur
None of its members obtained any important magistracies .	Plur
As the radioisotopes decay , they emit positrons which annihilates with electrons found naturally in the body .	Plur
The snowfall associated with the storm across eastern New York and southern New England produced the heaviest snows of the winter .	Plur
In 1915 it had 64,176 ring and 6400 doubling spindles .	Plur
Even before taking Ticinum , the Lombards crossed the Apennines and invaded Tuscia .	Plur
He fought the Fatimids with some success , until he was killed at the Battle of Apamea on 19 July 998 .	Plur
Irwin led all Bulldog sophomores in goals , points and power play goals .	Plur
Union des Assurances de Paris ( September 1985 ) .	Plur
On the remote mining planet Ordessa , the management uses killer military police androids to crack down on workers upset with the terrible conditions .	Plur
Some examples include : glycol , esters , organophosphate ester , polyalphaolefin , propylene glycol , and silicone oils .	Plur
Speedo International 's men 's offerings also include wetsuits .	Plur
Speedo advertises up to 16.6 % drag reduction and 11 % improved oxygen economy .	Plur
The Elite series , like its predecessor utilises welded seams and compression material to sculpt the swimmer 's body .	Plur
After this game striker Steven Lenhart declared " Goonies never say die ! "	Plur
In April 1937 , Peng was named vice commander-in-chief of all Chinese communist forces , outranked only by Zhu De , who was named commander-in-chief .	Plur
While doing so he had the Euphrates and the mountains of Armenia on his left .	Plur
Alexander found the Tigris undefended and succeeded in crossing it with great difficulty .	Plur
This allowed anesthesiologists and physicians to more easily guide the needle into the spine of the patient .	Plur
They depict the four evangelists , as well as St Christopher and St George .	Plur
Alternate names for Wallace 's fairywren include the blue-capped fairywren , Wallace 's wren , and Wallace 's wren-warbler .	Plur
An obvious problem with the use of the Danube for inland transportation is its remoteness from most of the major industrial centres .	Plur
MRCS serves vulnerable Mongolians through a volunteer-based network which promotes humanitarianism values and the principles of the Red Cross Red Crescent movement .	Plur
In Clarion County it serves the Boroughs of Emlenton , Foxburg and St. Petersburg and Perry Township and Richland Township .	Plur
He uses cross-media to concerns about the paradox between social change and personal spiritual history and attempts to convert the personal experiences into public experiences .	Plur
Walsh ran in the 1958 federal election in Spadina and then in a by-election in Trinity , both Toronto ridings , but was unsuccessful .	Plur
" Surviving Capitalism , " addresses the pathologies of capitalist development and the need for protection of social relationships and values .	Plur
Attacked two enemy two-seaters successfully behind their lines , probably shooting down the first .	Plur
( 2018 ) analysed genome-wide data from seven ancient Iberomaurusian individuals from the " Grotte des Pigeons " near Taforalt in eastern Morocco .	Plur
The cave has two cisterns .	Plur
Customer documentation included complete schematics down to the gate level , so that customers could design their own interface boards .	Plur
Graduates of the University of Winchester may use the post-nominals " Winton .	Plur
Strauli played Bunny Manders , the assistant to " A.J .	Plur
Some universities may make bursaries available to top student athletes , though these are generally not large .	Plur
The hospital provides bursaries to a number of pupils .	Plur
hand line or purchase line ) allows riggers on the fly crew to raise and lower the batten .	Plur
Line sets often suspend theater drapes and stage curtains such as travelers , teasers ( a.k.a .	Plur
Dedicated electrics typically employ truss battens ( pipe over pipe ) to facilitate cable snaking and to maximize lighting positions .	Plur
In the archivolt are represented the 24 Elders of the Apocalypse , who are playing musical instruments .	Plur
The score featured Toots Thielemans on harmonica and the trumpeter Harry " Sweets " Edison .	Plur
These Manichaean manuscripts contain no ideograms .	Plur
They each represent different tradeoffs of time , effort , cost and vulnerabilities found .	Plur
In 1908 he reached the All comers final , beating Anthony Wilding and Major Ritchie before losing in five sets to Arthur Gore .	Plur
After being returned to the world of the living , however , Apollo defeated Count Iblis using his father 's medallion .	Plur
However , the umpires quickly declared her " hors de combat " so she joined her " out of action " consorts soon thereafter .	Plur
Susan Fillin-Yeh supported the Harrisons in this endeavor .	Plur
Pacquiao lands left that wobbles Algieri and he falls into a somersault , then rises .	Plur
The new and developed materials and products which Birrell used frequently include acrylics and plastics ; concrete screen blocks ; and timber based boards significantly plywood .	Plur
OCSiAl has also developed nanotube-based concentrates that simplify graphene nanotubes use in various materials .	Plur
Examples include Sacks forcing and Silver forcing .	Plur
Edward gathered eight young egrets , raised them in captivity on the Island , and released them in the fall to migrate across the Gulf of Mexico .	Plur
Each compound had tall conical granaries called " durs " which stood on one side of the " tog " .	Plur
The Promotion in Motion Companies , Inc . , under license from Sun-Maid , produces a Sun-Maid Milk Chocolate Covered Raisins !	Plur
They currently play in the and are nicknamed " The Chats " .	Plur
Death , disguised , re-enters , telling the Groom that she has seen Leonardo and can lead the Groom to him .	Plur
María visits , but reluctantly since the sight of her baby always makes Yerma weep .	Plur
Kolleru lake contains numerous fertile islets called lanka 's , many of the small ones are submerged during floods .	Plur
For ancient episcopal sees of the Roman province of Armenia Tertia ( III ) , see Roman Armenia # Episcopal sees .	Plur
Hank balks when Dickie heads onto a bridge , but Charlie finally stands up for himself against his fears , thus permanently nullifying Hank .	Plur
People prone to nocturnal bruxism , or nighttime clenching , as well as morsicatio buccarum may routinely wear occlusal splints at night .	Plur
The diet comprises monocots , dicots , forbs , fruits and " acacia " pods ( whenever available ) .	Plur
Habitat choices differ seasonally " Acacia senegal " woodlands are preferred in the wet season , and " A. drepanolobium " savannahs in the dry season .	Plur
Gocharya ji authored Krishna Cahrit Manas in the poetic form describing about the full life of Lord Krishna ( from birth to Nirvana ) .	Plur
One Kashmiri folk story recounts that , as a baby , Nunda Rishi refused to be breast-fed by his mother .	Plur
Mary Norton wrote " The Borrowers " , featuring tiny people who borrow from humans .	Plur
In 1864 , Menelik married Woizero Altash Tewodros , whom he divorced in 1865 ; the marriage produced no children .	Plur
Threats to the electrical grid include cyberattacks , solar storms , and severe weather , among others .	Plur
To add real numbers defined this way we add the almost homomorphisms that represent them .	Plur
The Manchu drove the Dzungars out and established a protectorate over Tibet .	Plur
From 1685 Galdan 's forces aggressively pushed the Kazakhs .	Plur
After being reinforced by fresh troops , the Tushiyetu Khan Chakhundorji counterattacked the Dzungars , and fought with them near Olgoi Lake on August3 , 1688 .	Plur
During this war Kazakhs attacked dispersed Oirats and Altays .	Plur
In March 1981 , the band signed to Secret Records , and spent a month recording their debut album , " Punks Not Dead " .	Plur
An earlier castle was held by the Douglas ' Earls of Angus from the 14th century until 1530 when it passed to the Grahams .	Plur
Tessitore founded the annual Sportscasters ' SuperBall for CF Research .	Plur
( See Chapter 5 : Negotiations : NGOs Shape the Terms of ICC Debate : 1995-1998 )	Plur
The crisis highlighted inequities for many African Americans , who were unemployed at higher rates than white .	Plur
but also established a blueprint , Gellman contends , for subsequent generations	Plur
Researchers are studying RTS , S , made by GlaxoSmithKline , in phase 3 clinical trials among infants and young children in sub-Saharan Africa .	Plur
After capturing Gus and finding the other two people who attacked the museum dead he befriends Tess .	Plur
On January 30 , 2014 , he left Antibes and signed with Russian club Krasnye Krylia for the rest of the season .	Plur
In this way the courts have found procedural fairness through a promise by an ADM .	Plur
In most export markets , Isuzu rebranded the Faster as the " Isuzu KB " .	Plur
For existence and non-existence examples involving linear utilities , see Linear utility # Examples .	Plur
In 2009 , Brendan Nash joined East Lancs in the Lancashire League as professional when their original professional did not arrive .	Plur
It contained Alchemists , and the Materials they used to create elixirs .	Plur
Galerie historique des femmes les plus célèbres de tous les temps et de tous les pays , ouvrage collectif " , 1858 ) .	Plur
She almost joined The Marvelettes , but returned to Asheville for a time before going back to Detroit and settling into married life .	Plur
( See Rational Dissenters for more . )	Plur
In 1235 Ivan Asen II sent 25 large galleys to help the Nicean emperor in the siege of Constantinople .	Plur
The band released an EP titled " Risks in Magic " on November 13 , 2013 .	Plur
If ingested in sufficient quantities , they can lead to a variety of ill effects , including tremors , dyspnea , and paralysis .	Plur
He also illustrates the toys ' schematics .	Plur
The results supersede two older lightcurves from 1991 and 2002 , that gave a period of and 6 hours , respectively ( ) .	Plur
In 2015 , photometric observations by the " Kepler " space telescope gave two lightcurves .	Plur
It also gained thrust reversers and higher gross weights .	Plur
From the north also came woolens and linen cloth .	Plur
This especially influences millennials , having grown up in the age of technology and the smart phone .	Plur
The Toronto Metros-Croatia defeated the Minnesota Kicks in the finals on August 28 to win the championship .	Plur
Henry Hawkins Tremayne the gardens include enormous rhododendrons and camellias as well as a series of lakes fed by ram pump .	Plur
Some of the fellows have joined academia and are now professors , and others have pursued professional careers .	Plur
The press approached Australian university coordinators in creative writing courses for recommendations of the work of post-graduate students in PhDs and master 's degrees .	Plur
Some of the caverns contain pictograms and petroglyphs .	Plur
When the truth comes out , Ciarán leaves the Druids and Sevenwaters and Niamh is forced to marry the Uí Néill chieftain , Fionn .	Plur
The Latin-1 Supplement block contains two emoji :	Plur
The burial customs included cremations , and the burials of skulls	Plur
In July 2018 , Oromo militias killed 50 Somalis .	Plur
James Hamilton described the Necropolis of Cyrene in his visit 1856 :	Plur
Nitric oxide produced by human B lymphocytes inhibits apoptosis and Epstein-Barr virus reactivation .	Plur
His notable assignments included Commandants of Cadets at the United States Military Academy and Chief of Field Artillery .	Plur
He was also Administrateur de la manufacture des Gobelins .	Plur
Alex whispers to him , " They didn 't cry until I left them . "	Plur
These watercourses offer permanent waterholes available to stock .	Plur
By the evening of 6 November they were defending the Wadi esh Sheria during the 60th ( London ) Division 's attack .	Plur
The chaperone-assisted selective autophagy complex comprises the molecular chaperones HSPA8 and HSPB8 , and the cochaperones BAG3 and STUB1 .	Plur
Ivy invaded the alleyways and climbed over the buildings .	Plur
Pathological symptoms include reduced glycogen in the liver and intestinal mucosa , enteritis , hemoglobin depression , lymphocyte and macrophage infiltration , reduced total white blood cells .	Plur
The Tatars , however , killed the negotiators and stormed into the city .	Plur
In 2009 , she commented : " " Teletubbies " just would not get commissioned now .	Plur
The Jesuit High School along with the Roman Catholic religion supports the Greek Catholic and Reformed theologies .	Plur
Its anchors include Shoppers Drug Mart , Dollarama , Price Chopper , Metro , and Stitches .	Plur
That same year , the company offered free headsets for life to anyone who tattooed the company 's name on their body .	Plur
As reported by the Environmental Protection Agency 's Sustainable Industries Unit in October 2004 , the Institute developed more efficient condensers for sugar mills .	Plur
At the time Alfa was building Renaults for the entry-level market , which freed them to focus on the more profitable middle- and upper-price market .	Plur
Czech diminutives can express smallness , affection , and familiarity .	Plur
They literally signify physical smallness or lack of maturity , but usually convey attitude , in most cases affection .	Plur
Her dissertation was titled , " The Temporal Semantics of Noun Phrases : Evidence from Guaraní . "	Plur
In 2012 he released his first solo album ' Stickers ' .	Plur
To achieve a 1970s-style effect , the film utilizes slow motion and numerous camera zooms typical of the period , including recurrent use of snap zooms .	Plur
The British were given Northern Cameroons , about 17,500 square miles of territory and Southern Cameroons , 16,580 square miles .	Plur
15,000 refugees have fled Southern Cameroons into neighboring Nigeria , with the UNHCR expecting that number to grow to 40,000 if the situation continues .	Plur
Here , he practised mostly obstetrics and gynaecology until 1975 .	Plur
It feeds on " Leucaena leucocephala " , " Leucaena pulverulenta " , " Prosopis alba " , and " Prosopis chilensis " .	Plur
From 1937 , he was a professor at the École libre des sciences politiques .	Plur
In 2015 , Dahl created T-shirt designs Verve Coffee Roasters .	Plur
Right on the shore of Lake Toccoa , The Stewart Amphitheater holds 3 campfires each week .	Plur
It serves the Boroughs of Great Bend , Hallstead and New Milford and Great Bend Township , Jackson Township and New Milford Township .	Plur
On August 2 , 1980 , Pryor faced two-time world champion Antonio Cervantes of Colombia for the WBA light welterweight championship .	Plur
Like many spirits verte absinthe improves materially with age and micro-oxidization .	Plur
Tracks 1-4 first appeared on " Miles Davis Plays The Compositions Of Al Cohn " ( PRLP 154 ) .	Plur
The 1970s saw CAPS organising demonstrations outside circuses .	Plur
In 1565 Queen Mary of Scotland restored the Earls of Huntly , Sutherland and others of the name Gordon who had been forfeited .	Plur
Late 2017 saw Dawes named as the ' best acoustic guitarist in the world right now ' by MusicRadar and Total Guitar 's end of year poll .	Plur
Noting how " Honeys " further refined Pissed Jeans ' sound , PopMatters ' Matthew Fiander lauded the album as " scathing and brilliant " .	Plur
Flinn also wrote The Fearful Summons ( 1995 ) , a Star Trek novel .	Plur
For the educational and agitational purposes of the seamen the Central Rada seconded the commissars to Odessa , Nikolaev , Kherson and Sevastopol .	Plur
Having no reply the admiral ordered to repeat the telegram beginning with the words “ Comrades of Kiev Central Rada ... ” .	Plur
Interfering in tribes affairs had negative consciences , as they threatened to emigrate , which meant decline in trade and an implicit threat of war .	Plur
Canada had beaten the Gliders in 2010 , and the Netherlands was rated as one of the competition 's best teams .	Plur
Triscari praised both the Gliders and their opponents :	Plur
A hurried goal with seconds to go by Hill saw the Gliders leading 38 – 28 .	Plur
Gene Summers , a Dallas native and Rockabilly Hall of Fame inductee , released his classic Jan / Jane 45s in 1958-59 .	Plur
where the notation means that goes through all the divisors of , including and .	Plur
Thus began two-years of clashes between the government and its opponents , which would prove to be some of the most turbulent in Australian political history .	Plur
The façade of the hall towards the forecourt and road has two entrance lobbies linked together by eight stone columns .	Plur
In using circulars to knit flat pieces of fabric the two ends are used just as two separate needles would be .	Plur
In some cases it may damage special trims , buttons , and beads on some garments .	Plur
Pepsi 's Frito-Lay brand also advertised Doritos .	Plur
He isn 't seen very often in the first film , 1994 's " The Flintstones " .	Plur
Phil 's drinking worsens and he drives while intoxicated , with Ian and Dennis in the car .	Plur
Louise confides in Phil about her guilt of leaving Lisa when she was ill and she rubbishes Phil 's belief he is a bad father .	Plur
" I just snapped for an instant , " he told the Chicago Sun-Times .	Plur
The colonial era codices contain not only Aztec pictograms , but also Classical Nahuatl ( in the Latin alphabet ) , Spanish , and occasionally Latin .	Plur
House managed the Hillsboro Hops to the Northwest League championship in 2014 .	Plur
Chinlund guest starred on " The X-Files " second-season episode " Irresistible " playing serial killer Donnie Pfaster , for which he garnered major critical acclaim .	Plur
This grant provides reimbursements of tournament fees and travel expenses to provide an equal playing field for all junior golfers .	Plur
It consumes the epidermis of the leaves and characteristic scraping marks show where it has fed .	Plur
A period of drought in 2000-2003 killed many eucalypts , following which flowering has been less prolific and large concentrations of honeyeaters have decreased .	Plur
Terrestrial mammals recorded from the reserve include red-necked wallabies , swamp wallabies and short-beaked echidnas .	Plur
In this match , which Oxford University won by an innings and 85 runs , Martyn made two stumpings and took two catches .	Plur
Early Egyptian hieroglyphics even depicted “ animal healers ” using massage techniques , and horse massage was practiced in ancient China and Rome .	Plur
( see " Reactions to the premiere " above ) .	Plur
Melting snow and ice , intense rainfall or the breakout of a summit crater lake can all generate lahars .	Plur
Sample courses include robotics , theater , aeronautics , movie making , and physical science .	Plur
" Who Am I " acknowledges the mid-1960s baroque vogue in its incorporation of a harpsichord in its instrumentation .	Plur
However , in round 21 against the Western Bulldogs , he kicked eleven behinds with his two goals .	Plur
Only Richmond 's Jack Titus and St Kilda 's Dave McNamara have kicked more behinds in a game without managing more than two goals .	Plur
To mimic their yakuza counterparts , they used large black sedans .	Plur
Amanda Brown defeated Pascale Paradis 6 – 3 , 6 – 4	Plur
The Allens had seven great-grandchildren .	Plur
The Museum of Northern Arizona encouraged the early silversmiths to develop their own style , distinct from neighboring tribes .	Plur
He then joined Puntarenas and quickly established himself as the club 's starting left back .	Plur
This allows new opened hairpins to be added to a growing complex .	Plur
At his funeral , overcome with feelings of mixed joy and grief , she secretly masturbates .	Plur
In 1993 he met Tàpies and published an extensive interview with him subsequent to Tàpies having been awarded the Golden Lion at the Venice Biennale .	Plur
In 2016 , director Penny Lane made " Nuts !	Plur
Gefitinib inhibits EGFR tyrosine kinase by binding to the adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) -binding site of the enzyme .	Plur
Clairtone manufactured high-end console stereos , and later televisions , which were recognizable icons of their day .	Plur
The Herero are traditionally cattle-herding pastoralists who rate status on the number of cattle owned .	Plur
She has four Patent Sails and is winded by a five blade fantail mounted on the tailpole .	Plur
He carries four Patent Sails and was winded by a five blade fantail .	Plur
Weil also had ten great-grandchildren , eight girls and three boys .	Plur
She defeated two marathon debutantes , Shalane Flanagan of the United States and Mary Keitany of Kenya , who took second and third , respectively .	Plur
By applying very specific rules , Date has created these Ragas which bear the mark of his style on them .	Plur
Wits thumped Mamelodi Sundowns 3-0 at Mbombela	Plur
Like the powered airship , such balloons are often called blimps .	Plur
In 1122 , he joined the Cistercians at Bonnevaux and was soon followed by his father and his brothers Lambert and Andrew .	Plur
He began his career writing teleplays for early anthology series " General Electric Theater " and " Alfred Hitchcock Presents " .	Plur
In 2003 , he co-wrote " Spots Before Your Eyes " with Ann van Dyk .	Plur
In May 2017 , African Parks relocated four cheetahs from South Africa , becoming Malawi 's first wild cheetahs in twenty years .	Plur
Other animals native to the park include Sable antelopes , roan antelopes , kudus , impala and hartebeest and plains zebra and African Buffaloes .	Plur
Later crazes include the late-1990s Furby wave and the mid-2000s RoboSapien .	Plur
This , according to the survey , would have made Estonians the most non-religious people in the then 25-member European Union .	Plur
The tour debuted the band 's grungy and messy image in which they would come out in ragged clothes slathered in corn starch .	Plur
Leptons differ from the other basic constituent of matter , the quarks , by their lack of strong interaction .	Plur
Computer systems therefore offer distinct encodings for them .	Plur
As he recovered , then President Mikhail Gorbachev signed the Geneva Accords , leading to the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan in 1989 .	Plur
Virtual machine technology can only move workloads across virtual machines on a single server .	Plur
William and Mary appointed Sir William Phips as the new governor .	Plur
Before Greeks and Greek culture arrived in Asia Minor , the area was controlled by another Indo-European people , the Hittites .	Plur
The Cappadocian Greeks , Armenians and Jewish minorities of the Ottoman Empire had created Graeco-Turkish , Armeno-Turkish , and Judeo-Turkish literatures by developing their own written traditions .	Plur
The unit was again redesignated 45th Fires Brigade in 2008 with the implementation of Army Transformation .	Plur
These include three breakwaters : the North Mole with its Western Arm , the Detached Mole , and the South Mole .	Plur
He created three Mels or estates , which are called “ Maju Mel ” , “ Mahi Mel ” and “ Saru Mel ” .	Plur
Upon the fall on 2013 Congorock made the song " Minerals " on Ultra Records along with electro house producer Nom De Strip .	Plur
Robin Bossert started the Navigators after facing a moral dilemma .	Plur
RioPort 's major investors included Oak Investment Partners , Viacom , Paul Allen 's Vulcan Ventues , and consumer electronics company S3 Graphics .	Plur
" , they wake the T-Rex and Phoebe exclaims , " Like that ! "	Plur
In the he comes particularly close to works of Pieter van Lint such as van Lint 's ( 1640s , Kunsthistorisches Museum , Vienna ) .	Plur
Two of Sir William 's sons , Geoffrey and Richard , also became Sergeants at Arms to the King .	Plur
His earliest research was incorporated in the groundbreaking publication ( Clunies-Ross and Gordon ) " The Internal Parasites and Parasitic Diseases of Sheep " .	Plur
During the 1990s Mectron conducted Piranha missile test firings on the AT-26 Xavante , F-5 and Mirage III aircraft .	Plur
They staged walkouts at least 18 times , which helped enable Mexican Americans to take over seats on Texas school boards .	Plur
It has 30 Hardened Aircraft Shelters ( HAS ) .	Plur
He installed the mods on Moggle to make him waterproof , able to fly , able to carry Aya , and with artificial intelligence .	Plur
He runs the new Special Circumstances with Tally .	Plur
For years , The Daily Southerner had printed the weekly sales circulars for the Piggly Wiggly grocery store chain .	Plur
In time , Dick and Jane weigh their guilty consciences against their needs , trying to get back their old lives and stay out of jail .	Plur
Starting with issue six ( May 2010 ) , Domingues provided pencils , with inks by Juan Castro .	Plur
This has allowed Samoans from American Samoa to move to Hawaii , Alaska , or the mainland United States to seek better opportunities .	Plur
It also sponsored various sports recaps and other programs .	Plur
Fedewa had five top-tens in 2004 , and finished sixteenth in points .	Plur
In 2009 he won the Dutch & Polish Open International Challenges .	Plur
Troubled by this , Hirayama recognises his own selfishness in keeping Michiko at home to look after him , and decides to arrange a marriage for her .	Plur
In the final scene , a melancholy Hirayama drunkenly sings snatches of the " Battleship March " .	Plur
During an economic depression between 1920 and 1922 , public criticism of the project and its costs nearly led the FMS and SS governments to halt construction .	Plur
Ravana claimed all these boons and Sivan prepared himself to offer the boons .	Plur
On the way of Ravana , returning from Kayilai , Nathan deliberately snatched away thirty million boons from him and minimised the number to five million boons .	Plur
To get the opinion about this from the Devas , Siva assembled the devas of all logas and ask for their feedback .	Plur
Then Sivan ordered devas to bring Kaliyan in front of him .	Plur
Six months later , he joined third-tier Platanias and was able to lead the club to promotion to the Football League .	Plur
Lastly , [ he ] granted seven burgesses in their market-place , free from all toll and from all dues , save offences deserving corporal penalty . "	Plur
Furthermore , the $ 1,000 genome cost calculation left out overheads , such as the cost of powering the machine .	Plur
Timmy partnered with Dan McKie 2012 's " PACHA Summer Anthems " with the album including Timmy Trumpet 's single " Tromba Ye Ye Ye . "	Plur
Thus males constitutes nearly 52 % and females 48 % of the population with the sex ratio of 907 females per thousand males .	Plur
Unfortunately , turmoil backstage and money problems led SWS to its demise in June 1992 .	Plur
RIDE simplifies writing test cases by providing framework specific code completion , syntax highlighting , etc .	Plur
MRDC Group holds the following Interests of Landowners and Provincial Governments in Mining and Petroleum Projects in PNG .	Plur
Her humorous depiction of the people who live in these spaces evokes a rich pathos .	Plur
Most Yue varieties have merged the Middle Chinese retroflex sibilants with the alveolar sibilants , in contrast with Mandarin dialects , which have generally maintained the distinction .	Plur
Well known residents include Hamish MacInnes , mountaineer and inventor of the MacInnes Stretcher .	Plur
In the battle , the united army of Gepids , Rugii , Sarmatians and Suebi routed the Huns and their allies , including the Ostrogoths .	Plur
Along with Willibald Mattern , a German émigré living in Santiago , Chile , Zündel also wrote " UFOs : Nazi Secret Weapon ? "	Plur
So a vicar shall pay no tithes to the rector , nor the rector to the vicar , for " ecclesia decimas non folvit ecclesiae " .	Plur
Other inspirations included the Cadillacs , Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers , the Drifters , and the Isley Brothers .	Plur
The storm caused auroras as far south as Texas .	Plur
Dryers were also spinning perforated tubs , but they blew heated air rather than water .	Plur
New York City had an estimated 3,550 Chinese laundries at the beginning of the Great Depression of the 1930s .	Plur
It generally contains dried toppings such as wakame and tofu with soy beans that reconstitute rapidly on the addition of hot water .	Plur
In a close race , Axtell defeated former U.S. Attorney William F. Tompkins , 438 to 416 .	Plur
Bovids include antelopes , goat-antelopes ( which include sheep , goats and others ) , and cattle .	Plur
In China , this has included antelopes , gazelles , and other ; cattle ; goats ; and , sheep :	Plur
Includes antelopes , gazelles , and other species which are difficult to classify under the other subfamilies :	Plur
By the following year , Ruby Garret , a local resident of Butte for some thirty years , had purchased the Dumas .	Plur
Cleo clarifies to Molly that her " light " is about more than popularity .	Plur
Then she taught informatics at the Erasmus University Rotterdam .	Plur
The series depicts The Power Persons Five , a superhero team that does not fight much crime .	Plur
VP-93 , nicknamed the " Executioners " , was a Patrol Squadron of the U.S. Navy Reserve .	Plur
The charge last alleges he " incriminated [ himself by making ] public appeals to terrorism and extremism . "	Plur
In addition to special projects , Visionbox also regularly presents ‘ Open Rehearsals ’ to showcase the work from each class .	Plur
VP-64 , nicknamed the " Condors " , was a Patrol Squadron of the U.S. Navy Reserve .	Plur
GetFEM + + can read meshes provided in the native formats of software like Gmsh , GiD and Ansys .	Plur
The " HPE750 Supercharged Upgrade " offers 774 hp and 648 lb-ft of torque at 4,400 rpm .	Plur
VP-65 , nicknamed the " Tridents " , was a Patrol Squadron of the U.S. Navy Reserve .	Plur
and " Intel does not and will not design backdoors for access into its products .	Plur
Among the evacuated Swedes are film director Josef Fares and his brother , actor Fares Fares , who were on vacation in Lebanon .	Plur
Zobrist hit three grand slams in 2009 , leading the Rays , and was among the league leaders in slugging percentage .	Plur
The DVD features the band 's I.R.S .	Plur
The 20th century thinker Ernst Ulrich and his wife Christine von Weizsäcker reviewed the pragmatics of information ; their work is reviewed by Gennert .	Plur
In 1920 and 1921 he appeared in Wylie & Tate pantomimes at Sheffield and Cardiff with Daisy Burrell .	Plur
Occasionally , logistical constraints prevent Voyageurs from living on camp proper during the season .	Plur
Since the late 1960s he has worked with new technologies , and his most recent work incorporates cellphones .	Plur
She later appeared in a television film adaptation of Dickens ' semi-autobiographical novel " Great Expectations " ( 1974 ) as Biddy .	Plur
Its carpark building has LED parking locators to make it convenient for customers while at the same time minimizing the fuel consumption .	Plur
Mensheviks and SRs view those soviets as strike committees or local authorities of self-government .	Plur
For the work on " Superman Returns " the Special Effects team received both Oscar and BAFTA Nominations for their work .	Plur
In 2012 73 percent - a majority of Dresdenites - supported the peaceful blockades of Nazi-marches as pollster have found .	Plur
On December 6 at Tomorrow Never Dies , the Throwbacks lost the Campeonatos de Parejas to McMassive and Smashmaster .	Plur
It includes the 18th century beer brewers , Harveys of Lewes as well as many more recently established breweries .	Plur
Adam and Elizabeth had fought the Mackays at the Battle of Torran Dubh in 1517 .	Plur
The effective fire from the Lewis gun team under Corporal Pratt , Company M , 339th Infantry , halted the Muscovites with heavy losses .	Plur
As eusociality became a recognized widespread phenomenon , however , it was also discovered in a group of chordates , the mole-rats .	Plur
He wrote vaudevilles , comedies , and opéra-comique libretti , sometimes with Alexandre Bisson ( 1848 – 1912 ) .	Plur
Their father had left his natural sons substantial inheritances that provided for their education and , as adults , enabled them to work for political reform .	Plur
It consists of Cooch Behar municipality and two community development blocs : Cooch Behar – I and Cooch Behar – II .	Plur
They appeared in several films in the early 1940s , including Tex Ritter 's " The Pioneers " in 1941 .	Plur
He encouraged hydroponics and other modern methods of production while at the same time strived for excellence in agricultural biotechnology research and expertise in the field .	Plur
In 2006 , Roberts formed the ' Noon Day Demons ' with fellow artists Sophie Baker , Matthew Carver , Oliver Perkins and Simon Rattigan .	Plur
Despite the drawbacks , the film gained positive feedbacks and went on to win the Grand Jury prize for Best Film .	Plur
Jean-Baptiste brings her indoors and cleans off the blood , cutting off her dress in the process and exposing her bosom .	Plur
Built solely for football , the stadium has excellent sightlines from almost every seat .	Plur
ETD cleaves randomly along the peptide backbone ( c and z ions ) while side chains and modifications such as phosphorylation are left intact .	Plur
His hobbies included building thermometers and barometers , and constructing pianos and clavichords .	Plur
Removal difficulties include : multiple incisions , capsule fragments remaining , pain , multiple visits , deep placement , lengthy removal procedure , or other .	Plur
The party officially supported both mobilizations and refused appeals of Sudeten German Party to radicalize its position .	Plur
On 24 August , " Richmond " departed the Aleutians ; underwent overhaul at Mare Island ; then returned to Kiska .	Plur
They attract water dependent herbivores during the dry season .	Plur
Examples include the Milwaukee Road EF-1 " Boxcab " electrics .	Plur
A free agent , Scott joined the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League in 2006 .	Plur
Alcoholism itself causes tremors in the hands and degeneration of the Purkinje cells and other parts of the cerebral cortex , counteracting alcohol 's original corrective effects .	Plur
For overview of these capabilities see OASIS CAM Blueprints and Dictionaries Quick Guide	Plur
At Wimbledon , she drew Zarina Diyas in the first round , but fell to the Kazakh in what was a rain delayed straight-set encounter .	Plur
In Indian Wells doubles event , Mladenovic partnered Babos and they lost in the semifinals to Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina .	Plur
He succeeded chairman Frits Schuitema .	Plur
In May 2007 , Clyde Blowers bought Weir Pumps from the Weir Group plc , the same company McColl started his career at .	Plur
Lacey took over commanded of the Third Tipperary Brigade as Séumas Robinson was appointed to command the anti-Treaty IRA 's Second Southern Division .	Plur
Half the class had judicial clerkships .	Plur
He records dreadful floggings of convicts for comparatively trifling offences without indignation , and probably as a magistrate ordered them himself .	Plur
On basis of their evaluation in co-curricular activities , the houses are awarded the Co-Curricular Activities Cup at the Founders Prize ceremony .	Plur
the channel blocking effect wanes at faster pulsing rates of the cell .	Plur
MBNA Thames Clippers operates 16 high-speed catamarans with a maximum speed of 28 knots , plus a more conventional catamaran for the Hilton ferry .	Plur
Peters had two top-tens , while Hattori struggled and was released from Germain Racing .	Plur
Ambattur has two main waterbodies , namely the Ambattur Eri and the Chithu Oragadam Lake and the bigger Puzhal eri on the outskirts .	Plur
He had several top-tens early in the season , but once again slumped in the second half and wound up 17th in points .	Plur
Keselowski finished 19th in his Cup debut , the Dickies 500 at Texas , and 23rd in the Ford 400 at Homestead .	Plur
Trois études sur les mambila de Somié , Cameroun .	Plur
Marc Lacroix has investigated the interrelationships between BCC and bone cells ( osteoblasts , the bone-building cells , and osteoclasts , the bone-degrading cells ) .	Plur
Others such as Siglec-8 and Siglec-9 have homologues in mice and rats ( Siglec-F and Siglec-E respectively in both ) .	Plur
Approaching the town from the south one can see tumuli on the left , chiefly composed of collections of stones as described by Pausanias .	Plur
The school 's mission statement is , " Kings Local School District Empowers All Learners to Develop and Maximize Their Capacity For Success . "	Plur
Melting glaciers in the Alps caused avalanches and flash floods in Switzerland .	Plur
The drawings typically encompass detailed Chicago streetscapes , including buildings , vehicles , trees , and landmarks .	Plur
Crack downs by Chinese Government Officials banned 17,488 Internet Cafes in 2002 and another 27,000 were banned in 2003 .	Plur
( " see Limitations of Estimation Formulas " ) .	Plur
Corcoran would serve Parcells as an advisor and confidant throughout his coaching career .	Plur
However NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle would not allow Parcells to break his contract with the Giants and he stayed in New York .	Plur
The New York Jets sought Parcells as head coach and general manager after a 4 – 28 record under Rich Kotite .	Plur
Following three straight 5 – 11 seasons , Dallas Cowboys ' owner Jerry Jones lured Parcells out of retirement and made him the head coach in 2003 .	Plur
As social media emerged , # EarnTheStar and # EarningTheStar have become popular Twitter hashtags for Cowboy fans and players .	Plur
Upon his suspension , Payton asked his former mentor Parcells if he would be interested in filling the head coaching vacancy .	Plur
When cards are designed , they are given bleeds if color extends to the edge of the finished cut size .	Plur
Devices designed to allow the operator to control a robot at a distance are sometimes called telecheric robotics .	Plur
Cars with alloy wheels or styled steel wheels generally use smaller hubcaps , sometimes called center caps .	Plur
Centipede appears in the film " Pixels " .	Plur
Centuries later , Samuel Pepys , Secretary to the British Admiralty , appointed multiple such overseers to standardize sea rations and naval training .	Plur
The couple are accredited TV Correspondents and producers at the United Nations Geneva for EWTN ( Eternal Word Television Network ) .	Plur
In the cytoplasm it becomes degraded .	Plur
One of his most important books is " Fears and Symbols : An Introduction to the Study of Western Civilization " ( 2006 ) .	Plur
Conservative evangelicals are sometimes called fundamentalists , but typically reject that label and are keen to maintain their distinct identity , which is more Reformed .	Plur
Musically , Starofash uses experimental soundscapes over constantly changing sonic sceneries , where the compelling melody is often the leading thread from beginning to end .	Plur
In the last few years , different authors have suggested distinct hypothesizes to explain the origin of the temple .	Plur
Andrus joined The Imperials in February 1972 , replacing the departing Greg Gordon .	Plur
It operated the Henschel Hs 123 , Henschel Hs 129 , Focke-Wulf Fw 190 , and the Messerschmitt Bf 109 .	Plur
He finds two " vultures of the night " , enigmatic noctivague figures with a high penchant for bohemian lifestyles .	Plur
Affiliations have included : Flint Generals , Fort Worth Texans	Plur
After bassist Sarah Corina left the Mekons in 2015 , Trumfio replaced her , at least through 2018 .	Plur
After his funeral , which turned into a large Polish-Jewish anti-Russian demonstration , the Russian government forbade obituaries of him to be printed .	Plur
Attenuations seen in the revised lightcurve indicated mutual occultations and eclipses events caused by a minor-planet moon orbiting " Tchantchès " .	Plur
The Dutch East India Company invaded the Pescadores in 1622 .	Plur
Don Shirley also suffered extremely serious ICD during the dive which killed Dave Shaw .	Plur
It has cisterns and ancient rock-cut tombs .	Plur
Its instrumentation contains throbbing bass and light concoctions of Caribbean-influenced music and ragga pop .	Plur
The increased enrolments have overburdened the AHS and created a shortage of students at the Hauptschulen and at vocational-technical schools .	Plur
Savage hit him Irish whips in every corner before he began posing .	Plur
The discharged members of the Hawaii Territorial Guard petitioned General Emmons to allow them to assist in the war effort .	Plur
They discovered more subcamps and former inmates wandering the countryside .	Plur
In the next match , the Steiner Brothers ( Rick Steiner and Scott Steiner ) faced The Headshrinkers ( Samu and Fatu ) .	Plur
Owen Hart and his mystery partner , Yokozuna , challenged The Smoking Gunns for the WWF Tag Team Championship and won the title belts .	Plur
The opposing team will play their lowest dominoes , trying to force the nel-o bidder into catching a trick .	Plur
He invited the Canons of St. Augustine to come and assist in the reform of the Abbey and he became a member of the Augustinian Order himself .	Plur
New Zealand dispatched RNZAF P-3 Orions to assess the damage and search for bodies .	Plur
This affectionate immersion into the emotional lives of his characters brought rebukes from some Soviet literary critics .	Plur
The analyzer unit contains the electromagnets , an optical detection system , control electronics , software and the read-out display .	Plur
Between 1331 and 1341 , in his work " Kronike von Pruzinlant " , Nikolaus von Jeroschin inserted the expression " â hui !	Plur
be busy my " merry lads , and take me on board " .	Plur
That night , the shogun sends ninjas to attack .	Plur
He joined the Basel Anabaptists in 1525 , and was consequently imprisoned .	Plur
The batholith contains various circular plutons emplaced by stoping at pressures of 2 kbar or less .	Plur
These included nine UCI WorldTeams , eight UCI Professional Continental teams , two UCI Continental teams and an Italian national team .	Plur
This rate only counts evictions that engage the legal process , as many evictions are informally conducted between landlords and renters , it likely undercounts actual evictions .	Plur
It depicts bicyclists of various types riding around the globe .	Plur
This genus has a thin outer cutis in a single layer merging into the main trama whilst other family members have a two-layer cap skin .	Plur
For the past two years the museum has hosted 7th graders from a local middle school .	Plur
He supervised archaeological digs of ancient Tyre , and digs at Sidon with Maurice Dunand .	Plur
The ensuing crisis saw Lowe overthrown as Premier and resign from the Labor Party , acting as an independent for the remainder of his political career .	Plur
The French occupied the Pescadores until July 1885 .	Plur
" Wisden " suggested the vagaries of the English weather as the deciding factor in this match which , contrary to expectations , was won by England .	Plur
This brought Sobers and Intikhab together and they survived to the close with the overnight score at 75 for five .	Plur
RSM Restructuring Advisory LLP were appointed liquidators of the company on 16 August 2017 .	Plur
In February 2014 , an RBI-appointed forensic audit by Deloitte found serious lapses in the Non-performing asset detection system of the bank .	Plur
The band also won the Polish musical competition " New Traditions " in 1998 .	Plur
The Congregation finally elected Luigi Fortis as Superior General .	Plur
Human infants are sometimes considered obligate nasal breathers , but generally speaking healthy humans may breathe through their nose , their mouth , or both .	Plur
It may also cause gingivitis ( inflamed gums ) and halitosis ( bad breath ) , especially upon waking if mouth breathing occurs during sleeping .	Plur
Besides the private clubs , the orchestra also played many high school proms .	Plur
Following his term as governor , Johnson joined Reynolds Metals as a special assistant to the president .	Plur
FORTUNE Magazine has named MGM Resorts one of the World 's Most Admired Companies .	Plur
Associate companies include Rajes Art Printers and Vansal Agencies .	Plur
Due to boiler problems sometimes leaving them unable to provide carriage heating , they often worked freights in winter and the Royal Scot in summer .	Plur
Her brother survived the lahars ; her father and aunt died .	Plur
Melting only 10 percent of the ice would produce mudflows with a volume of up to — similar to the mudflow that destroyed Armero in 1985 .	Plur
The history of the Jews in Salzburg , Austria goes back several millennia .	Plur
Hudson discussed and illustrated the species under this name in his 1928 book " The Butterflies and Moths of New Zealand " .	Plur
King had pursued several vocations before beginning his artistic career .	Plur
It was followed by another compilation in 1896 , " Philosophical Trends of Russian Poetry " ( Философские течения русской поэзии ) .	Plur
It replaced the SX 510 HS from previous year .	Plur
Creep whispers through the grass all night ;	Plur
The vast majority of reviews from critics , Ives aficionados and educators for " Mists : Charles Ives for Jazz Orchestra " were highly favorable .	Plur
Tommy puts the bunnies in his sack and slips out .	Plur
Benjamin and Peter quickly gather the bunnies , and return home in triumph .	Plur
Badgers do sometimes eat bunnies , not from a predilection for bunnies but simply because they are omnivorous .	Plur
" Cégep de la Gaspésie et des Îles	Plur
The shaded waters of the bridge also attract shoals of perch and pike .	Plur
Meanwhile , more than one hundred men in nine lumber mills logged the giant redwoods above what is now Skyline Boulevard .	Plur
They also beat Petron Blaze Boosters in 4-1 series win in the semifinals , despite coach Yeng Guiao having suspended in Game 5 .	Plur
and produced renal adenomas and carcinomas in male mice and in rats ( carcinomas in 46 % of males and 5 % of females ) .	Plur
Kam casts its noose even upon yogis , jangams and sannyasis .	Plur
Many modern catalytic converters only produce 1-3 psi of back pressure , though this restriction worsens further with use .	Plur
Lasara LSD will have its first Seniors graduating in 2011 .	Plur
includes wetland such as fen amongst usages of the word which is reflected in the lexicographers ' recording of it .	Plur
Pockrich 's contemporary , Ford , published " Instructions for the Playing of the Musical Glasses " while Bartl published a German version .	Plur
Notation uses Alpha coding , A-F :	Plur
By late 2006 , Learjet had delivered over 300 Model 45s ( 40 of which were its improved version , the Model 45XR ) .	Plur
In 2006 Dubin appeared in the TV movie " The Wives He Forgot " with Molly Ringwald and Mark Humphrey .	Plur
Intermarried European-Americans and missionaries also walked the Trail of Tears .	Plur
The Twins won 11 of the two teams ' 18 match-ups that season prior to the tie-breaker .	Plur
Deviations from the healthy norms will reflect different pathologies for different patient groups , e.g. , hemiplegic stroke patients .	Plur
More recently , Dougherty represented the South Dakota Petroleum Marketers on a task force on open government put together by South Dakota Attorney General Larry Long .	Plur
All other known metals ( iron , copper , silver , gold , zinc , mercury , tin , lead and bismuth ) had no recorded discoverers .	Plur
include : Water and Hydraulic Structures ( Ph.D. and Masters )	Plur
include : Thermodynamics and Kinetics ( Masters )	Plur
For a selection of the fragments in English translation , see W.D .	Plur
He wrote a paranormal kids film " Spooks " for Miramax as well as " The Blob " for Warner Bros. with Jon Peters producing .	Plur
Starting in Pennsylvania , this " Carolina Road " led through southern Pennsylvania , Maryland , Virginia , the Carolinas , Georgia and into Alabama .	Plur
Braddy joined the International Sweethearts of Rhythm in 1939 .	Plur
After graduation , Ray joined the International Sweethearts of Rhythm in 1946 as a rhythm guitar player and vocalist .	Plur
Latto performed with her own band the Modern Moods from 1955 to 1957 .	Plur
Her dissertation was titled “ Unifying Differences : Lesbian of Color Community Building in Los Angeles & New York , 1970s-1980s ” .	Plur
The film 's unit told IANS that his presence in a major role would appeal to Tamil audience as the film was promoted as a Telugu-Tamil bilingual .	Plur
He led the Warner Robins High School Demons to a State championship and a National Championship ranking in 1976 .	Plur
At the front , Swallow 's force observes the Insects building a strange bridge into the sky .	Plur
1,3-dipolar cycloaddition reactions of azomethine ylides commonly use alkenes or alkynes as dipolarophiles , to form pyrrolidines or pyrrolines , respectively .	Plur
The grant included the famous La Brea Tar Pits .	Plur
The grant included the famous La Brea Tar Pits .	Plur
34 Esclavo Del Rocanrol ( ODS Compilatiòn The Themes And Interviews ) ( 2003 )	Plur
Basketball statistician Ken Pomeroy predicted the Billikens as the team most likely to go winless throughout its conference schedule .	Plur
Some patients also take potassium-sparing diuretics such as spironolactone ( Aldactone ® ) to help maintain potassium levels .	Plur
In his life , MacKenzie witnessed both the survivals of Jacobite culture , and the Red Clydeside Era .	Plur
In some states , municipalities form reciprocals to cross-indemnify towns , cities , villages , and counties .	Plur
The stolons and stalks of colonial species have thicker cuticles , stiffened with chitin .	Plur
Colonial species produce new zooids from the stolon or from the stalks , and can form large colonies in this way .	Plur
Saying he is in his debt , he joins the Exiles when they come to pick up their teammate .	Plur
Adults have black wingtips that are usually only visible in flight .	Plur
The eggs are matte pale blue-green in color with brown splotches , measure , and weigh on average .	Plur
Together with its relative the bare-faced ibis , the scarlet ibis is remarkably prolific and conspicuous in the region .	Plur
The pesticide DDT caused eggshells to be so thin and fragile that parent white-faced ibises crushed the eggs when they were incubating them .	Plur
In 1504 , a decree by Archbishop Leonhard of Salzburg made the northern bald ibis one of the world 's earliest officially protected species .	Plur
The rock walls of the mountains have many potential breeding ledges , and an artificial lake provides water to the birds and to the local human population .	Plur
When his father died in 1781 , Fourier received two-fifths of his father 's estate , valued at more than 200,000 francs .	Plur
What is being traded is coincidences in the existing numbering system where the numbers and letters appear to spell something .	Plur
California and Ohio also allow the Year-of-manufacture Plates .	Plur
The smallest models are generally termed " backpacking stoves " .	Plur
The ancient Chinese sometimes captured fireflies in transparent or semi-transparent containers and used them as ( short-term ) lanterns .	Plur
Together the flexor pollicis longus , pronator quadratus , and flexor digitorum profundus form the deep layer of ventral forearm muscles .	Plur
Indians will initially only have braves and no horses or guns ; over time they may obtain them via trade or defeating colonial forces in battle .	Plur
Seti , with energy and determination , confronted the Hittites several times in battle .	Plur
A trial might also define " exploratory endpoints " that are less likely to be met .	Plur
On March 18 , 1959 , when the District of Hawaii was formed , the district had two judgeships for the court .	Plur
Transfer students are also allotted 0.75 CLW Credits for each credit hour transferred into the university .	Plur
The spiritual life office also awards Credits for students who participate in church or university sponsored mission trips .	Plur
Levko calls the village lads together and teaches them a song to mock the Mayor and use in playing a trick on him .	Plur
Its key signature has seven sharps .	Plur
He targeted heaths across England from Putney near London to Cornwall for 40 years in the 17th century , taking significant gold from his victims .	Plur
In 1642 , Elisabeth read Descartes ' " Meditations on First Philosophy " .	Plur
These include the immortal feline sorceress Cat Girl , who had command over the cat kingdom , just as he ruled over the whole animal kingdom .	Plur
Recent productions include " Hairspray " , " West Side Story " , " Les Miserables " , and " Beauty and the Beast . "	Plur
The United States has many observances .	Plur
The Hall has several reported hauntings .	Plur
It has engaged various sub-contractors for specific parts of the project .	Plur
Garnier worked with Michelle Branch on her third studio album , " Everything Comes and Goes " , released in 2010 .	Plur
Every time the preacher would say , ' Come forward , sinners ! '	Plur
In 1987 , she founded the international academic journal " Bioethics " with Peter Singer .	Plur
In addition , MMP-3 can also activate other MMPs such as MMP-1 , MMP-7 , and MMP-9 , rendering MMP-3 crucial in connective tissue remodeling .	Plur
Three months later , he died in his place of retirement , the Nilgiris in the Madras Presidency .	Plur
Central City won the Under 12s , defeating Howick-Pakuranga 3-0 .	Plur
In 1896 , Lawrence & Bullen Ltd published " The Kafirs of the Hindu Kush " written by Sir George Scott Robertson .	Plur
The Dadhich Brahmins have had gotras from Rishi names since at least as early as 610 CE .	Plur
While some institutions maintain religious missions , others have assumed specialized vocations such as the Royal Military College of Canada .	Plur
GLE 's output formats include EPS , PS , PDF , JPEG , and PNG .	Plur
Kansas has three United States National Cemeteries which are all administered by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and overseen from the Leavenworth National Cemetery .	Plur
While not initially perfect , Felicity , determined to be powerful , soon improves .	Plur
Prior to this meeting , A & M had only played the Lobos once in 1926 , shutting them out 63 – 0 at College Station .	Plur
Trouble hit the Lobos again when Porterie mishandled a snap , which led to a fumble recovery by defensive end Michael Bennett .	Plur
Water flowing through a bend in a river must follow curved streamlines to remain within the banks of the river .	Plur
The pygmy rock crab ( " Glebocarcinus oregonensis " ) has black-tipped chelipeds , but has large tubercles on the dorsum .	Plur
Lilstock also yields ammonites , shells and fish remains .	Plur
Households build scarecrows and display them outside their houses during May every year .	Plur
There were also flourishing brickyards around 1875 to 1930 and bricks with the Scalford imprint burned in can still be found .	Plur
The mayor only allows Greggs to assist McNulty , who , under pressure from Bunk , tells her to keep working her own cases .	Plur
Montbolo has two dolmens : the Caixa de Rotllan , on the city limit with Arles-sur-Tech and the dolmen de Formentera .	Plur
However , due to various sound laws , a new declension subcategory has arisen that does not exactly follow the form of the plain -a declension .	Plur
Human Rights Watch alleges in a 1994 report that Azerbaijan used its Su-25 aircraft in an indiscriminate manner against civilian population centers in Nagorno-Karabakh and Armenia .	Plur
As one of the consequences , about 13 % of the land - holding about 22 % of the population - are now considered degraded .	Plur
The recordings , conducted by David Stanhope , were released as an album , " Clocks " in 1997 by ABC Classics .	Plur
In 1978 Congress designated the Pine Barrens as the Pinelands National Preserve ; this would not have been possible without the scientific knowledge of William Niering .	Plur
His father , born in Paris , was Governor of the Comptoirs des Indes .	Plur
Historically , Henley has had several private lunatic asylums .	Plur
These factory workers are also called millers .	Plur
This did not prevent hard-liners leaving the party and launching the Communist Refoundation Party ( PRC ) .	Plur
Constraints in supply chains sometimes cause dispensaries to run out of contraceptive materials .	Plur
In 1999 Smyth left Vicious Rumors and joined Testament .	Plur
In 2008 , Pete Loran called the 2 Music Geeks and discussed Trixter 's 2008 touring plans and the production of a new live album .	Plur
Gutenberg 's press allowed the humanists , reformists , and others to circulate their ideas .	Plur
In 1963 the company bought the Macleans brand .	Plur
In 2009 and 2010 he coached the East Coast Bays Barracudas alongside Willie Swann .	Plur
This book details the travails that occur as Conrad attempts to establish the industrial base that he will need for his planned defense of Poland .	Plur
Guy Terjanian found " p " -adic counterexamples for all " p " .	Plur
He spent only two-years with the Grizzlies , before returning to the United Kingdom .	Plur
The basal area is shining dark leaden and the markings are rather raised and silvery-metallic tinged with faint golden .	Plur
Colin later vomits grossed out by Kim .	Plur
The vault , finally , has the Four Evangelists , also by Mainardi .	Plur
The web series , hosted by Taryn Southern , featured weekly match-ups between the playable cast in a tournament-style format .	Plur
These outreach workers included Rabbi Meir Schuster , Baruch Levine , and , beginning in 1982 , Jeff Seidel .	Plur
It took two big urns to contain Beaupré 's ashes .	Plur
The deposits include many ostracods and mollusks , most notably the gastropod " Bellamya " .	Plur
He also designed the electrics of the internal combustion engine for John Holland ’ s submarine and the first modern refrigerator .	Plur
Laredo also has two medical helipads , at Laredo Medical Center and Doctor 's Hospital .	Plur
Cat released the compilation Beginnings , which contained eight tracks and seven remixes by others .	Plur
Lincoln City Football Club are nicknamed ' The Imps ' .	Plur
Thus , he kept the fasts of the Muslims and broke fast when they did .	Plur
Wrestlers can only enter the Pick Six Standings by defeating a ranked wrestler .	Plur
The beds covered with alluvium contains seams of coal belonging to the Raniganj system .	Plur
Not fooled by the Viceroy 's communiqué , some criollos met at the houses of Nicolás Rodríguez Peña and Martín Rodríguez .	Plur
Domingo French , the mail carrier of the city , and Antonio Beruti , an employee of the treasury , led the rioters .	Plur
Moreno told Planes that the Cabildo was about to betray them .	Plur
Reitman starred in the television series " The Real Wedding Crashers " , based on the hit movie " Wedding Crashers " .	Plur
The interior of the church contains two brasses , one of which is of a priest and bears a date of 1460 .	Plur
In July 2008 Azam completed two triptychs in zero gravity , done as a homage to the artist Francis Bacon .	Plur
In the First " Strathclyde Concerto " , for oboe ( 1986 ) , the orchestra does not include any oboes or bassoons .	Plur
and the Pisgah Chapel in Swansea , Wales , an institution that intercessor , Rees Howells established in 1927 .	Plur
Both of these particles ' decays produce neutrinos .	Plur
Colombia and Puerto Rico ( who are tied in last ) each had 2 bogeys ; no other team had more than one .	Plur
England and Denmark have the fewest bogeys , with one each .	Plur
Studying unique ecologies to develop detailed models of their biochemistry helps develop protocols and instrumentation that could assist the search for life on other planets .	Plur
In 1937 , Gordon left Terrytoons for the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio to work as an animator .	Plur
To date , JotterPad has 1,400,000 total installs , and an average rating of 4.5 .	Plur
Joseph Coles first recorded his watermarks in 1797 / 9 .	Plur
Davies married Phoebe Griffiths ( granddaughter of John Griffiths ) on 22 July 1833 .	Plur
Skeletor 's strength initially pushes the Thundercats back and the battle is joined .	Plur
As two figures shown below , the discovered skull has unusually ethmoid cartilages which include large hemispherical nasal capsules .	Plur
Horrified by the consequences her spell would have , Snowfall awakens once again in the present , realizing the future can still be avoided .	Plur
It contains the varietas " Bangalaia chaerila var .	Plur
It contains the varietas " Bangalaia alboguttata var .	Plur
It contains the varietas " Bangalaia maublanci var .	Plur
Furthermore , this construction exhausts all effective Cartier divisors on " X " as follows .	Plur
Dilbit oil more readily evaporates from the surface of water than normal crude oil , and after this evaporation occurs the remaining product sinks faster .	Plur
The disposal of wastewater at fracking sites by injecting it at high pressure into injection wells has caused small earth tremors .	Plur
He also funded travel bursaries for seminarians studying for the priesthood in Warsaw .	Plur
It carried Palawan Governor Salvador Socrates and Maj. Gen. Santiago Madrid , along with 11 other passengers and crew .	Plur
These included nine UCI WorldTeams and nine UCI Professional Continental teams .	Plur
" Communauté de communes Bruyères - Vallons des Vosges	Plur
They were granted the " Two Bombs and One Satellite Merit Medal " in 1999 .	Plur
Tu enjoyed tai chi and classic music .	Plur
" Communauté de communes des Hautes Vosges	Plur
The Bulls met UCU Pumas in the quarter finals but this time defeated them 4-0 at Hackett Enclosed .	Plur
Gurney also installed bullion safes in the former wine cellars .	Plur
" Love Island " contestant Tina Stinnes also made a brief return to the series having previously appearing in the seventh series of the show .	Plur
While with Howe of Fife he represented Scotland U16s .	Plur
Construction materials include crushed quartz , local hardwoods in the interior , and concrete and marble in the dome .	Plur
These included eleven UCI WorldTeams , six UCI Professional Continental teams , and seven UCI Continental teams .	Plur
These included eight UCI WorldTeams , six UCI Professional Continental teams and five UCI Continental teams .	Plur
These included three UCI WorldTeams , six UCI Professional Continental teams and seven UCI Continental teams .	Plur
These included six UCI WorldTeams , eight UCI Professional Continental teams , five UCI Continental teams and a Spanish national team .	Plur
These included six UCI WorldTeams , nine UCI Professional Continental teams and two UCI Continental teams .	Plur
They then defeated Collingwood and Melbourne Vixens in successive finals before falling well short in the Grand Final to Sunshine Coast Lightning .	Plur
Since 2003 , the ACT has seen relatively few bushfires .	Plur
In September 1995 a site was offered by Australian Capital Territory Forests just off the Cotter Road .	Plur
The College offers an innovative Transitions to Learning and Work programme for care experienced young people which has received national recognition including from Buttle UK .	Plur
Aqueous extracts of the fruit bodies contain polysaccharides that have been shown in laboratory tests to be highly efficient at inhibiting infection by tobacco mosaic virus .	Plur
For this reason , he called the Redemptorists to Luxembourg in 1849 , who settled around the Saint-Alphonse Church .	Plur
The label signed Speaks to a six-figure record deal .	Plur
Above , I seek out holy hermits .	Plur
Bands with their music on the soundtrack include Six Toes , Senser , Mortad , Bryan Steeksma , Verena von Horsten	Plur
Bennion is one of the world ’ s leading ethnographers of North American plural marriage .	Plur
Finally , Mormon fundamentalism balances the deprivations and difficulties of the lives of polygamous wives with a promise of an afterlife as queens and priestesses .	Plur
Georgian slaveholders wanted the " maroons " and fugitive slaves living among the Seminoles , known today as Black Seminoles , returned to slavery .	Plur
That evening , December 28 , the small band of Lakota erected their tipis on the banks of Wounded Knee Creek .	Plur
This implies large pebbles cannot be transported to the lakebed , while small rocks are quickly removed from the surface .	Plur
Animal prey include earthworms , insects and other arthropods , slugs and snails .	Plur
Parent birds exhibit fearlessness in defence of their nests , occasionally even attacking humans .	Plur
The units had Kluson tuners and most had a machined aluminum bridge though some were made with wood bridges .	Plur
At this time , street artists created clever garnishes upon request .	Plur
Married Angel Jean-Charles in 2014 .	Plur
Huckabee then won the Kansas Republican Caucuses and the Louisiana Republican Primary before ending his campaign on March 4 , 2008 with 270 pledged delegates .	Plur
Other unusual formats include the first crosswords , needlepoint patterns , sheet music and full color reproductions of paintings of the period .	Plur
Founded in 1959 , it had up until 1981 just three headmasters – 1959 to 1965 I.H .	Plur
State Senator Judith Zaffirini of Laredo called the Newmans " Laredo 's first power couple . "	Plur
This led to several questions : Are affirmations made by one government to another binding ?	Plur
" Le Petit Cirque et autres contes	Plur
The SSIAL ( ALFD ) has nearly 30 aerials and pumpers .	Plur
The upper hinds limbs have faint crossbars .	Plur
Hind limbs may have broad , light-edged dark crossbars .	Plur
The limbs have crossbars , except for the upper arms .	Plur
It avoids waterbodies with many fish .	Plur
Engineering Technologists and Technicians who are registered as Technicians and Technologists in Training with OACETT are subject to a dramatically reduced requirement for licensing .	Plur
Certified Engineering Technologists and Technicians may apply for Qualified Person status with the Ministry of Natural Resources .	Plur
However , the majority of personnel prefer the traditional toasts and they are still overwhelmingly used .	Plur
" Comédie en vaudevilles " also seems to have influenced the English ballad opera and the German Singspiel .	Plur
( Similarly , they were called the Rustlers in 1911 for new owner William Hepburn Russell ( baseball ) . )	Plur
The National League entry of the 1890s was dubbed the Cleveland Spiders by the press , supposedly because of its long-limbed players .	Plur
The team is frequently called the " Pads " or " Pods " in the media , which rhymes with the first syllable of " PAHD-rays " .	Plur
This grooves assist salamanders in water transportation , enhances respiration and aids in thermo-regulation .	Plur
Disjunctive populations also occur in north / northeastern Arkansas and Louisiana , the Carolinas , northern and central Georgia , as well as the Florida panhandle .	Plur
In the winter , adult and juvenile salamanders may occupy underground refuges .	Plur
It defends these refugia against other members of its own species .	Plur
The light stripe from the eye to the jaw designates the salamanders as a desmognathan .	Plur
He replaced Judah Monis as the lecturer in Hebrew at his alma mater shortly after he graduated in 1761 .	Plur
Habitats include moss-covered limestones outcroppings , chaparral , under rocks and logs in moist environments .	Plur
During the celebration , they honored Butts and other activists involved .	Plur
Classrooms retain cupboards under sloping whiteboards .	Plur
Additional members include three trumpeters , four clarinet players and three trombones players .	Plur
But drinking unsafe water after working in the fields caused great infirmities and often-violent convulsions that the populace believed her to be possessed .	Plur
He then acquired several other e-commerce marketplaces , including DirectBuy , in February 2017 .	Plur
Richardson spent the 2009 – 2010 TUS Treis-Karden Baskets where he helped the club win the German 2 .	Plur
Not too much later , Blythe takes over the Tides , and throws Theo out .	Plur
Critics accuse NIRS of fearmongering , and question the qualifications of NIRS staff to adequately assess the safety of nuclear energy .	Plur
The owner ( s ) sued Willes for the loss of their vessel and her cargo , winning a judgement of £ 21,180 , which ruined Willes .	Plur
An accounting of the costs and revenues of the colony at Sierra Leone shows £ 6740 14s 6d in income from " Captain Willis of H.M.S .	Plur
The various treatments can create slightly different confirmations .	Plur
Since its inception , the party has always welcomed ideologues with a strongly Catholic background , as they have been unable to find expression in other parties .	Plur
He never drank intoxicants , nor did he eat after eleven o 'clock in the	Plur
Each classroom has six Chromebooks each ; some have a SmartBoard , and most have a TV / VCR .	Plur
Liberty Tax Service appeared on Forbes " Top 20 Franchises for the Buck " in 2012 .	Plur
In 2009 she edited and contributed to ' Wisdom , Wit and Will : Women Choral Conductors On their Art ' [ . ]	Plur
Two years after starting up Capitol Board Room , Tran started Monument Snowboards .	Plur
Macintyre took Kretschmer 's binoculars as a souvenir .	Plur
" Le nombre des réprouvez sera-t-il bien plus grand que celui des bienheureux ?	Plur
Elizabeth met her kinsmen and future husband , Richard Griffith , in 1746 .	Plur
In March 2012 , Comscore launched validated Campaign Essentials ( vCE ) , which introduced the notion of “ validated ” impressions .	Plur
The movie featured many local non-actors , the movie was not filmed in Silver City but in a small town 17 miles east .	Plur
compiled every Tones on Tail track in remastered form , plus a radio interview with Ash and Haskins .	Plur
Now in its th year , the rally attracts motorcyclists from throughout the southwest for three days of charitable activities and motorcycle related events .	Plur
The florets number 40 to over 100 per head , having corollas that are yellow or orange-yellow in color .	Plur
Dandelion also contains terpenoids , triterpenes , and sesquiterpenes .	Plur
In Five Points , DE 23 intersects DE 1D and turns to the north , with DE 1D / DE 24 Alt .	Plur
