Nintendo Power reviewed WWF Superstars in their April 1991 issue and rated it a score of 2.9 out of 5 .	Plur
" X. virginica " have unique maxillae that are designed to perform perforations on corolla tubes to reach nectaries .	Plur
Tertiary bees will most likely survive a second overwintering and develop further to become primary female the following year .	Sing
Louisine and her sister Addie joined Sophie Mapes Tolles and Emily Sartain in boarding at Mme .	Plur
On August 22 , 1883 , a decade after her father 's death , Louisine married Henry O. Havemeyer of the American Sugar Refining Company .	Sing
Lea originally envisaged " Nobody 's Fool " to be a " twenty-minute extravaganza " .	Sing
Basically misguided from the get-go , " Nobody 's Fools " is constantly trying to free itself from the oppressive production and arrangements . "	Sing
It contains a bonus cd with seven songs from the album remixed by Jagz Kooner , titled " The Jagz Kooner Excursions " .	Sing
Recalling the album in the 1984 biography " Feel the Noize !	Sing
" One Eyed Jacks with Moustaches " became popular in Slade 's live set , featuring on the subsequent live album " Slade Alive , Vol .	Sing
Dreyfuss also discusses how the West used Islamic radicalism to suppress Communist movements in the Middle East and the rest of the Islamic world .	Sing
98.5 FM began as XELA-FM in 1962 , owned by Radio Metropolitana , S.A. , the concessionaire of XELA-AM 830 .	Sing
In 2011 , Taylor co-founded Commonwealth Capital Management LLP together with Nathaniel Philip Rothschild and Mehraj Mattoo .	Sing
They first met Springsteen and watched him perform at a promo gig in Sing Sing Prison before his first album was released .	Sing
From his first marriage Mitchell has a daughter Jeni , who lives in London .	Sing
He also wrote an e-book on the Obama-Romney race in 2012 titled " Truth , Lies , and Videotape . "	Sing
Upon the entrance of each performer , they mention something positive happening .	Sing
MCC also serves OEF and OIF veterans with its Veterans Green Corps ( VGC ) program .	Sing
However , it took the SCT until 2005 to transfer the permit of XHOF to IMER , on the fourth request by the latter .	Sing
Another and last Ravelo serial which is different from the Pinoy superheroes entitled Nasaan Ka Maruja ?	Sing
Foreign missionaries either limit their proselytizing to non-Muslims or attempt to conduct their work discreetly .	Sing
Most Spaniards left Morocco after independence and their numbers were reduced to about 13,000 .	Sing
Other studios that operated here included French & Forman , Bronx , Reaguer Productions , Western Arts , Westwood Productions , and Harry Keaton .	Sing
In a typical installation scenario under Linux , the user configures ALSA to use a virtual device provided by PulseAudio .	Sing
Hasenclever brought 500 ironworkers and their families from Germany to build an ironworks " plantation " .	Plur
Typical materials for ATR crystals include germanium , KRS-5 and zinc selenide , while silicon is ideal for use in the Far-IR region of the electromagnetic spectrum .	Sing
It allowed Ilona to obtain her fifth top ten hit from an album , which was quite rare in France .	Sing
She married Waitstill Sharp in 1927 , and took temporary leave from her work .	Sing
His debut episode was " Treehouse of Horror IV " in the segment " Terror at Feet " .	Sing
It includes " Treehouse of Horror " s V , VI , VII and XII .	Sing
The Inter Religious Organization formed in the 1970s brings all major religious groupings on the island for regular discussions so to build greater religious understanding .	Plur
Maharaj eventually in 2008 formed the Indo-Trinbago Equality Council [ ITEC ] abandoning GOPIO .	Sing
Maharaj challenged this shunting of responses via a third party that he suspected was working against his professional career .	Sing
But , the competition with electrical cancelling machine won when large and pictorial cancellations when Daguin commercial marks were text only .	Plur
For these , the PTT ordered a thousand Secap H in April 1952 and another thousand of Secap BB in 1960 .	Sing
The oldest text he found was entitled " A philatelic enigma : the strange cancellations of Toulouse on Sage series ' N under U ' " .	Sing
The cancellation can be identified thank to the touching piston mark .	Sing
Common names include pink poplar , ribbonwood , maiden 's blush , and blush cudgerie .	Sing
North Santander has a special demography due its borders .	Sing
With the occupation of Qom and Kermanshah , the Russian forces under Baratov effectively isolated Persia from Ottoman Turkey , thus securing Persia for the Entente Powers .	Sing
In 1925 she married Herbert Uber .	Sing
Antrim and Down contested the decider , with McNaughton collecting his first provincial medal following a 2 – 16 to 0 – 9 victory .	Sing
Antrim later defeated Kildare in the All-Ireland quarter-final before lining out against Offaly in the penultimate game of the championship .	Sing
On an interesting note , the library contains the couch that former VP Hannibal Hamlin drew his last breath upon while playing cards too hard .	Sing
As a senior , Debol led the WCHA in scoring with 43 goals and 56 assists .	Sing
It covers the LGAs of Aiyedaade , Isokan and Irewole .	Plur
Additional screens performed : - In-depth immunological phenotyping	Sing
Widening roads within a network that lead to destinations would increase the network ’ s permeability , but leave its connectivity unchanged .	Sing
After their divorce in 1984 , he married Jill Harsin in 1985 .	Sing
He has recently attacked al-Qaeda and called for a stop to violent jihad activities both in Western and Muslim countries .	Sing
Sharif studied the Koran , and was a hafez ( i.e .	Sing
he had memorized the Quran ) by time he finished sixth grade .	Sing
These included Zawahiri , who was charged with smuggling weapons , but not Al-Sharif who fled the country , was tried in absentia , and convicted .	Sing
It covers the LGAs of Abeokuta North , Obafemi Owode , and Odeda .	Plur
He was appointed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Venezuela then to Argentina and concurrently to Paraguay and Uruguay .	Sing
In June 1833 , Smith set out the Plat of Zion , which laid out how the community was to be structured .	Sing
He also led Sivas to the group stage of the Turkish Domestic Cup , also known as the Fortis Cup .	Sing
Short division does not use the " slash " ( / ) or " obelus " ( ÷ ) symbols .	Sing
It took three-quarter of an hour for mounted police to clear the field before the game could start .	Sing
1970 saw the first Wembley final to go to a replay .	Sing
Paul Jones replaced the injured Southampton goalkeeper Antti Niemi .	Sing
On 15 October 1887 , Preston North End defeated Hyde 26 – 0 , which remains the record score in an FA Cup tie .	Sing
He directed the review " Administration publique " ( E : Public administration ) .	Sing
Clyne holds National Collections of Pieris , Enkianthus and Rhododendrons .	Plur
The tallest recorded Magnolia in Britain ' Magnolia campbellii var .	Sing
Toen en nu ” , ( Zwolle , 2000 ) 41	Sing
His daughter and heiress Dorothy married Sir Thomas Gresley Bt in 1719 .	Sing
Suppose we increase " q " by 1 unit .	Sing
Gamble endured rigorous off-season training with Dynamo Moscow for two weeks and another two weeks with Spartak .	Sing
Gwen recognises the lorry as one from Harwood 's — Rhys ' firm .	Sing
Also , words in the singular include the plural , and as with the interchangeability of words importing gender so it is with the plural and singular .	Sing
See also " Williams v Hallam " ( 1943 ) 112 LJKB 353 , ( 1943 ) 59 TLR 287 , ( 1943 ) 41 LGR 165 .	Sing
And see also section 23A ( 2 ) ( b ) .	Sing
After earning his degree , Philip becomes an intern at a London Hospital .	Sing
Most of the time , this pallid drama constitutes bondage for a discerning observer . "	Sing
He even troubled his kinsman , Gilbert Foliot , on his becoming Bishop of Hereford , and was by him , after three warnings , formally excommunicated .	Sing
In addition , OpenXDF supports integrity verification using a SHA-512 hash of the original XML file .	Sing
It also features a diverterless supersonic inlet .	Sing
Danny Crouch , former Equipment Editor , was appointed Publisher in 2005 .	Sing
He remained a regular spectator at Bury F.C .	Sing
Strike a Blow to Vivify	Sing
Strike a Blow to Vivify " was favorably reviewed by Anime News Network , calling it " a satisfying light read " .	Sing
After the program aired , Dalí phoned Roskam and left a terse message , " I 'm not dead , you know ! "	Sing
His tragicomic tales evidence his keen and extremely sensitive observations of contemporary life and , more particularly , the anguishing reality of his native country .	Sing
During Téllez 's lifetime , Colombia suffered through several civil wars and military dictatorships , collectively called " La Violencia " ( " The Violence " ) .	Sing
The next scene displays Timbaland and his two friends planning a robbery with intercuts of Scherzinger , Hilson and Timbaland singing in front of a car .	Sing
" Not a Day Goes By " , their 2002 single revolving around breakups .	Sing
" Can I Keep This Pen ?	Sing
Can I Keep This Pen ?	Sing
According to Zapffe , humanity should cease this self-deception , and the natural consequence would be its extinction by abstaining from procreation .	Sing
He describes procreation as manipulation , a harmful act , and sending a human being into a painful and dangerous situation without their consent .	Sing
He chaired the Antiquities Advisory Board from 2009 – 2013 and the Standing Committee on Disciplined Services Salaries and Condition of Services from 2001 – 2006 .	Plur
The manual also clears up any misinterpretations of how proper Spanish would utilize diverse linguistic aspects , such as pronunciation , orthography , and punctuation .	Plur
John married Marjory ( also known as Margaret ) , daughter of Donald , 6th Earl of Mar .	Sing
Doyle married Jackie Aronson , and the couple adopted two children .	Sing
The USAAF closed Dodge City AAF on 31 July 1945 and was placed reserve status .	Sing
He played for Kirseberg IF , Malmö FF , Höllvikens GIF and IFK Malmö , before joining Malmö FF for a second time .	Sing
On 16 June 2015 , he left Khimki , after spending two seasons with the club .	Sing
The next morning Christopher becomes a total brat at the kitchen table resulting in Bob pouring milk all over his head , and making him cry .	Sing
For centuries Brockweir had a thriving shipbuilding , fitting-out and repair industry .	Sing
The aligned region includes the flavin binding site of these enzymes .	Sing
The first song played under the new Boomer format was " Good Vibrations " by The Beach Boys .	Plur
This family was also called class 3 lipases as they are only distantly related to other lipase families .	Plur
mineral-filled epoxy , is best for most applications .	Sing
Polishing erases grinding marks and smooths the specimen to a mirror-like finish .	Plur
Very fine microstructures may require the higher magnification and resolution of a scanning electron microscope ( SEM ) or confocal laser scanning microscope ( CLSM ) .	Sing
He started clerking in 1877 until 1883 when he opened a general store in Thetford Mines .	Sing
Set the Tone were a Scottish electronic dance group , formed by Kenny Hyslop , Bobby Paterson , Chris Morgan and Evelyn Asiedu .	Sing
Juan Mónaco defeated Potito Starace 5 – 7 , 6 – 3 , 6 – 4	Sing
Original spellings included " Gislebert " , " Guilbert " and " Gilebert " .	Sing
Terrence brings a Minion ( one of the small creatures that ran amok previously ) through the Gate .	Sing
This cluster includes a pseudogene , " CYP3A5P1 " , which is very similar to " CYP3A5 " .	Sing
His family included his three stepdaughters Maria , Margaret , and Martha Travers ; and children Rutledge , Agnes , Josephine , and Yulee Finegan .	Plur
Critics have faulted Finegan for failing to exploit his victory by pursuing his retreating enemy , contenting himself by salvaging their arms and ammunition from the battlefield .	Sing
It took some legal wrangling , but he was eventually able to recover this property .	Sing
The play often depicts the Massacre of the Innocents which occurred after the birth of Jesus .	Sing
Chartrand succeeded the late Francis Silas Chatard as the sixth Bishop of Indianapolis on September 7 , 1918 .	Sing
On June 5 , 1953 , he married Mildred Boling ( died January 23 , 2009 ) , with whom he had four children .	Sing
Variations stemming from this surname include Bossi and Boselli , the latter being a common variation of Italian names .	Sing
She likes Jujyfruit candies but dislikes buses ( see Diane DeMuth ) .	Plur
As a uremic toxin , it stimulates glomerular sclerosis and renal interstitial fibrosis .	Sing
Occasionally in urinary tract infections , bacteria produce indoxyl phosphatase which splits indoxyl sulfate forming indigo and indirubin creating dramatic purple urine .	Sing
In January 2017 , Zhu was appointed Political Commissar of the People 's Armed Police , succeeding the retiring general Sun Sijing .	Sing
He studied Dharma with other teachers in Battambang .	Sing
Lee and Nygma ( Cory Michael Smith ) confront Sampson , who plans on taking down the fight club .	Sing
Gordon visits Pyg in Arkham and after a brief discussion , manages to make Pyg reveal his Southern accent .	Sing
However , he instead sends Zsasz to kill them all .	Sing
Zsasz fires a bazooka into their secret club but the girls manage to flee the area .	Sing
Ronaldo played Gonçalo Guedes into the box but Munir made a one-handed save .	Plur
Ziyech shot another set-piece just over the crossbar from 25 yards .	Sing
Salem Al-Dawsari finished a right-footed volley past El-Hadary in the closing stages .	Sing
Eight minutes into the second half , Ante Rebić shot a right foot volley past Caballero after the goalkeeper 's mishit an attempted chip over his head .	Sing
Thomas Meunier found Lukaku inside the area , which he clipped over the onrushing Mustapha .	Sing
The reservoir holds about 241 MCM of water of which 214 MCM is approved for use for irrigation purpose .	Plur
Around 195 , However , he soon left Yuzhang Commandery when the Han central government officially designated Zhu Hao as the new Administrator .	Sing
Gosha marries Dina , but their family life does not work from the very beginning .	Sing
Together , the former schoolchildren watch a newsreel which they once merrily made of themselves - " for history " .	Sing
She pursued a specialism in gynaecology , becoming the first Emirati surgeon to gain senior membership in the European Society of Aesthetic Surgery .	Sing
The sexy poses of Feli once adorned the adult magazine FHM .	Sing
Another soap opera starring Feli include " Si Cecep " , " " , " " and others .	Sing
Aa Gym asks LSF to suspended the movie Buruan Cium Gue across Indonesia .	Sing
Processed products of water-grown wasabi include additive ‐ free wasabi paste , Japanese yam paste mixed with wasabi , sausages containing wasabi , and other things .	Sing
The magician then seeks Aladdin throughout Baghdad .	Sing
On a whim , the princess wants Aladdin to look at her , though he would lose his life with it .	Sing
He persuades Aladdin to get an old copper lamp for him from the " Sunken City " .	Sing
The city guards , however , track Aladdin there , arrest him and throw him in the dungeon .	Sing
Aladdin 's mother , who is now in possession of the magic lamp , then summons the genie and gets her son back .	Sing
According to tradition , two families surnamed Tang and Sun lived in two of the bays of the lake , hence the name Tang-Sun Lake .	Sing
Mel immediately tells Ciara that Sharon has the money , but Ciara reveals that Mel told her as soon as Sharon admitted it .	Sing
Their adoption of Daisy makes Arshad and Mariam reconsider fostering in the future .	Sing
Kat convinces Alfie to return with Cherry which he does .	Sing
During the interval , Martin finds Marv in the pub and tells him off for drinking and gets angry when he calls Stacey " Sally " again .	Sing
When the show continues , he gets Kush and Martin on the stage to sing but sends Martin off when he does badly .	Sing
Bijan sees Harley with Mariam and phones Chloe , informing her that Harley is fine .	Sing
He kidnaps Harley during the night and the police are called .	Sing
She insults Umar , calling him a drinker and adulterer .	Sing
Kush tells Darius he is being unfair .	Sing
Darius later reminds Kush that he still wants him to go into business with him in Dubai , but Kush says he will not go now .	Sing
The next day , Amal meets Masood and asks him to take her on a date as long as he is himself .	Sing
" Inside Soap " also called Amal " enigmatic " .	Sing
Whitney Dean ( Shona McGarty ) catches Tiffany returning the next day .	Sing
Pregnant Hayley sees Bev and tries to avoid her , but Bev arrives at Hayley 's home with flowers .	Sing
Jean later meets Bev and tells her it is never too late to put things right but Bev simply insults Jean .	Sing
Ian then calls Morag a bully and everyone agrees , and they refuse to listen to her , turning their backs on her .	Sing
While in Baltimore , Neill also studied cardiac embryology at the Carnegie Institution for Science .	Sing
Prominent padris include Tuanku Nan Renceh , Tuanku Imam Bonjol , Tuanku Tambusai and Tuanku Rao .	Sing
Modernists had hold West Sumatra as one of their bases for exerting the influence throughout the archipelago .	Sing
These videos provide rich media messaging that combines nonverbal cues and vivid images of events that can evoke psychological and emotional responses as well as violent reactions .	Sing
He had new outer moats dug , creating what is now known as Rattanakosin Island .	Sing
It stars Roshan Mathew , Prayaga Martin , Asha Sarath , and Zarina Wahab .	Sing
In the summer of 2013 , she joined En Avant de Guingamp .	Sing
It features Duniya Vijay , Hariprriya and Manvitha Harish in the lead roles along with P. Ravishankar , Rangayana Raghu and Sadhu Kokila in key supporting roles .	Sing
He finally published a " Preliminary Catalog of the Birds of Missouri " in 1907 .	Sing
She and her husband followed the German precept to " physically assert themselves " over their workers , both beat the farm labourers .	Sing
Later that year , he joined Chilean Primera División side Unión San Felipe .	Sing
In the next two Primera B seasons , López joined Lota Schwager in 2014 and Coquimbo Unido in 2015 .	Sing
In August 2017 , López joined third tier Deportes Vallenar .	Sing
On 30 June 2017 , López rejoined former club Deportes Melipilla .	Sing
Under favourable conditions , protein content raises along with the biomass .	Plur
" C. vulgaris " has demonstrated some antitumor and immune-modulating characteristics .	Sing
Eiji Ezaki defeated Masashi Honda in the opening match by delivering a Dropkick to Honda and then made him submit to a cross armbreaker .	Sing
Verichev knocked out Ueda in the fifth round to win the match .	Sing
Atsushi Onita faced Tarzan Goto in a no rope exploding barbed wire steel cage deathmatch .	Sing
He succeeded Onita as the company 's ace after losing to Onita in Onita 's retirement match at 6th Anniversary Show in 1995 .	Sing
Meenakshi Chaudhary of Haryana was crowned 1st Runner-up and became Miss Grand International 2018 .	Sing
Stefy Patel of Jharkhand was crowned 3rd Runner-up .	Sing
Steshenko succeeded Romano Rodella to become the president of in 2014 .	Sing
It matched the Central League champion Yakult Swallows against the Pacific League champion Hankyu Braves .	Plur
She married Beatty , and together they have two children .	Sing
England won the tri-series , beating New Zealand by seven wickets in the final .	Plur
The service staffed the RAF Hospital Akrotiri , RAF Hospital Ely , RAF Hospital Halton , RAF Hospital Uxbridge , RAF Hospital Wegberg and RAF Hospital Wroughton .	Sing
RFA ships carried the ship prefix " RFA " .	Sing
Rebecca sold doughnuts as a child .	Plur
Yūki Amami played Yone Suzuki in the program .	Sing
The injury allowed Sheik to win the title and Sheik rewarded the title to Singh for his assistance .	Sing
Ultra applied a surfboard on Alligator Man # 1 to get the victory .	Sing
Titan knocked out Fuji with a Powerbomb to win the match .	Sing
Combat Toyoda and Megumi Kudo represented FMW against All Japan Women 's Pro-Wrestling 's Bull Nakano and Akira Hokuto in an interpromotional match .	Sing
Onita performed a " Thunder Fire Powerbomb " on Singh for the win .	Sing
The series follows Aki Shiina , a shy boy whose feminine looks often cause him to be mistaken for a girl .	Sing
At the age of seventeen , Williams began working as an announcer at Radio Belize , at the time , the only radio broadcaster in the country .	Sing
In 1981 , in her debut novel " Fly Ash " , she described Bitterfeld as Europe 's most polluted city .	Sing
The series starred Mukta Barve , Vandana Gupte , Satish Rajwade , Mohan Agashe among others and debuted on Zee Yuva on 7 August 2017 .	Sing
On 7 December 2018 , Modeste left Billericay .	Sing
The law established a Google Tax , a system of a mandatory economic charges that apply to the news aggregators in order to compensate producers .	Sing
Moeller agrees that compassion fatigue in photojournalism is not an unavoidable consequence of covering the news .	Sing
In 1892 , Tolstoy published " A Translation Harmony and Analysis of the Gospels " .	Sing
Preston Tucker asked Lippincott to help design his new car , and Viemeister joined the project .	Sing
In 1946 he married Beverly Lipsett , moved to Yellow Springs , Ohio and founded Vie Design Studios with Budd Steinhilber .	Sing
Strong enough flare events can strip the atmospheres of orbiting planets and eliminate their chances of habitability ; a good example of this is Kepler-438b .	Plur
After a dispute at court , the judge gives Jamie until morning to present evidence that she owns the park .	Sing
The Civil War gained unprecedented urgency because of the way it was lived and depicted .	Sing
Photographs and articles were put in circulation nationally and regionally though the government-owned news agency EFE .	Sing
In 2015 , the Department for Communities and Local Government appointed her Vice-Chairman of the Birmingham Improvement Panel .	Sing
The majority of journalists have fled Eritrea due to the intimidation and arbitrary imprisonment .	Sing
Several journalist have entered the country undercover and on rare occasions the Eritrean president accepted to do interviews for TV channels such as Al-Jazeera or Sweden TV .	Sing
She was renamed " Södra Skärgården " , and put into service between Gothenburg and Styrsö .	Sing
On February 16 , Onita defeated The Gladiator in a no rope exploding barbed wire deathmatch .	Sing
Eiji Ezaki defeated Koji Nakagawa in the opening match by performing a Moonsault .	Sing
Tsuchiya then eliminated Kurenai and Sawai pinned the opposing team 's captain Sato following a Powerbomb to win the match .	Sing
Titan eliminated Ueda with a Powerbomb to gain advantage and then Goto eliminated Titan with a Lariat to even the score .	Sing
At Summer Spectacular , on August 22 , Onita defeated Pogo to replace the WWA World Martial Arts Heavyweight Championship with the FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship .	Sing
On July 24 , Toyoda defeated Kudo to win the WWA World Women 's Championship .	Sing
" Lloyd 's Register " for 1795 ( published in 1794 ) , showed Waring again as master , though her trade remained London – Smyrna .	Sing
At some point Charles Hooper replaced Waring as master , but when and why is currently not clear .	Sing
Catherine created many convents , monasteries , abbeys , churches , schools and hospitals .	Plur
During the Crown Jewel pre-show , Shinsuke Nakamura defeated Rusev to retain the United States Championship .	Sing
The following week , Finn Bálor defeated Ziggler in a match and returning Raw Commissioner Stephanie McMahon rewarded Bálor by adding him to the team .	Sing
Team captain Alexa Bliss then removed Natalya and Riott from the team and replaced them with Sasha Banks and Bayley .	Sing
Tamina performed a superkick on Naomi to eliminate her .	Sing
Carmella then surprised Tamina with a schoolgirl to eliminate her .	Sing
Bayley performed the " Bayley to Belly " on Carmella to eliminate her .	Sing
Asuka applied the " Asuka Lock " on Banks ( whom Jax betrayed ) and forced Banks to tap to eliminate her .	Sing
Stephanie told Corbin that if Raw has a clean sweep over SmackDown on the main card , she would consider making him the permanent Raw General Manager .	Sing
Next , Raw 's Intercontinental Champion Seth Rollins faced SmackDown 's United States Champion Shinsuke Nakamura .	Sing
Nakamura performed a " Kinshasa " for a nearfall .	Sing
This distraction allowed Akam and Rezar to perform a neckbreaker / powerbomb combo on Sheamus to win the match for Raw .	Sing
Mysterio eliminated Bálor after a " 619 " and a springboard frog splash .	Sing
After the match , Corbin attacked Strowman and quickly retreated with McIntyre and Lashley .	Sing
She informed Rollins that he would be defending the Intercontinental Championship against his friend-turned-rival Dean Ambrose at .	Plur
Lesnar performed an " F-5 " on Bryan , but during the pin attempt , he intentionally broke the fall himself .	Sing
Lesnar attempted a second " F-5 " on Bryan , only to accidentally hit the referee in the process .	Sing
However , SmackDown General Manager Paige fined Flair $ 100,000 for attacking WWE officials during the brawl .	Sing
On 4 April 2012 , Miguel joined Juventude from Lajeadense .	Sing
He asked Sender to take on the role of organising this .	Sing
In July 2016 , musician Aisha Mizra featured Kaur in the music video for her song “ Fuck me or Destroy Me . ”	Sing
Her younger brother , Gurdeep Singh Cheema , created the film " Happy Ending ?	Sing
Around 1656 she married Edmund Fotheringham , who came from a brothel keeping family .	Sing
The school hired Baltimore native and former Maryland All-American player Juan Dixon as the new head coach on April 22 .	Sing
Editor Kalum Shivantha told Reuters that “ Our stories were credible and reported with responsibility .	Sing
He joined the then Nigerian Security Organisation ( NSO ) in 1979 .	Sing
With both Ephraim and Sidney home , their mother demands Ephraim invite Pastors Reed and Robbins Thursday next , wanting no more " Mormon rubbish " .	Sing
In the years 1900 through 1905 the bubonic plague hit San Francisco 's Chinatown which only increased anti-Chinese hostility .	Sing
This line-up included ex-Fairport members Hutchings , Simon Nicol and Dave Mattacks , plus American fiddler Sue Draheim and ex-Young Tradition singer , Royston Wood .	Plur
The June 1999 issue of " Mojo " magazine featured the original " Stroll On " in its regular full-page series " Buried Treasure " .	Sing
On 16 July 2017 , Opazo joined Argentine Primera División side Newell 's Old Boys on a four-year contract .	Sing
The trunk and tail rings show notches between the rings with conspicuous scutella each of which has a projecting ridge or keel .	Plur
The wing keel version has a PHRF racing average handicap of 228 with a high of 237 and low of 213 .	Sing
The centerboard and water ballast version has a PHRF racing average handicap of 222 with a high of 228 and low of 216 .	Sing
Coordinated movements of the body muscles gradually bring the hemolymph back to the dorsal sinus surrounding the hearts .	Sing
Some hemolymphic proteins incorporate carbohydrates and lipids into the structure .	Plur
These include ammonia , allantoin , uric acid , and urea .	Sing
He admired Brazilian striker Ronaldo with Rooney stating “ as an out-and-out forward he was probably the best . “	Sing
On 19 October , five days before his 17th birthday , Rooney scored a last-minute winning goal against Arsenal .	Sing
Rooney sustained a broken metatarsal in that game after a tackle from Paulo Ferreira .	Sing
Following this statement , Rooney made a dramatic U-turn and agreed a new five-year contract at Manchester United until June 2015 .	Sing
Rooney played a one-two with Ashley Young before a sharp turn and finish from outside the box which found the bottom corner of the goal .	Sing
England manager Roy Hodgson , however , defended Rooney , saying that he was forced to take evasive action .	Sing
Elizondo sent Rooney off , after which Ronaldo was seen winking at the Portugal bench .	Sing
He later asked the UEFA to pardon Rooney .	Sing
Following Steven Gerrard 's international retirement after the 2014 World Cup , Roy Hodgson named Rooney as England 's new captain .	Sing
Stretford left Proactive in 2008 and took Rooney with him .	Sing
Proactive later sued Rooney , claiming £ 4.3 million in withheld commissions .	Sing
This gives the missile a very noticeable wobble in flight as the seeker bounces in and out from the dead-space .	Sing
During October 2012 , militants in Gaza fired a Strela in an attempt to down an IDF helicopter .	Sing
The United States lost at least 10 AH-1 Cobras and several UH-1 Hueys to Strela-2 / 2M hits in South East Asia .	Plur
A more major modification to the 880 became the Convair 990 , produced in parallel with the 880-M between 1961 and 1963 .	Sing
SAGEM also introduced an ISDN adaptor for GeoPort , the " Planet-ISDN Geoport Adapter " , or SPIGA , which they now sell in a USB version .	Sing
( The first 13 episodes , however , used a " hiss . " )	Sing
In October 1938 , Germany occupied Czechoslovakia 's Sudetenland , and the remainder of the country in March 1939 .	Sing
The battalion strength of the 1st Panzer Division included no less than fourteen Panzer Is , while the other six divisions included thirty-four .	Sing
Mrs. Putnam identifies Osborne as her former midwife and asserts that she must have killed her children .	Sing
He calls Hale a coward and asks him why the accusers ' every utterance goes unchallenged .	Sing
He begs Danforth to postpone the executions in order to secure confessions , hoping to avoid executing some of Salem 's most well-regarded citizens .	Sing
He presses Danforth to pardon the remaining seven and put the entire affair behind them .	Sing
The death of Louvois , however , prevented the realization of this plan .	Sing
Alain Resnais directed " Toute la mémoire du monde " , a 1956 short film about the library and its collections .	Sing
She cruised the Orient until returning to Bremerton , Washington , on 14 February 1912 and going into reserve .	Sing
He chose Tibbets and Major Wayne Connors .	Plur
Working with the Boeing plant in Wichita , Kansas , Tibbets test-flew the B-29 and soon accumulated more flight time in it than any other pilot .	Sing
Tibbets selected Wendover for its remoteness .	Sing
On 5 August 1945 , Tibbets formally named his B-29 " Enola Gay " after his mother .	Sing
During his posting to France , he met a French divorcee named Andrea Quattrehomme , who became his second wife .	Sing
Sundlun lured Tibbets back to EJA that year .	Plur
Patrick Duffy played Tibbets and Kim Darby played Lucy .	Plur
She is sometimes called Zinaida Sikorsky .	Sing
Although his prototype was damaged in its first test flight , Sikorsky persuaded his reluctant backers to invest another $ 2,500 .	Plur
The seed contains an annular embryo and copious perisperm ( feeding tissue ) .	Sing
Using chromosome number notation , 2n = 18 .	Sing
Jews traditionally eat beet on Rosh Hashana ( New Year ) .	Sing
Examples include : Bastian 's Blood Turnip , Dewing 's Early Blood Turnip , Edmand Blood Turnip , and Will 's Improved Blood Turnip .	Sing
A lack of boron causes the meristem and the shoot to languish , eventually leading to heart rot .	Sing
The Greek Peripatetic Theophrastus later describes the beet as similar to the radish , while Aristotle also mentions the plant .	Sing
The FA2 carried the AIM-120 AMRAAM .	Sing
Early working titles of the novel included " Diary of a Suicide " and " The Girl in the Mirror . "	Sing
Esther Greenwood has an obvious mental break- that being her suicide attempt which dictates the latter half of the novel .	Sing
You were reading The Bell Jar . "	Sing
Many locals consider the Tunupa an important deity and say that the place should be called Salar de Tunupa rather than Salar de Uyuni .	Sing
The combination of all these features makes Salar de Uyuni about five times better for satellite calibration than the surface of an ocean .	Sing
The ecdysozoans lack locomotory cilia and produce mostly amoeboid sperm , and their embryos do not undergo spiral cleavage as in most other protostomes .	Sing
The Ecdysozoa include the following phyla : Arthropoda , Onychophora , Tardigrada , Kinorhyncha , Priapulida , Loricifera , Nematoda , and Nematomorpha .	Sing
Such functionality includes social login , sharing , commenting , activity feeds , online identity storage , gamification and others .	Sing
In 1895 , the book was published in London under its present title , " Jude the Obscure " ( dated 1896 ) .	Sing
At least one recent scholar has postulated that " Jude " borrowed heavily from an earlier novel , " The Wages of Sin " by Lucas Malet .	Plur
Symptoms include easy bruising , urinary tract bleeding ( hematuria ) , nosebleeds ( epistaxis ) , and bleeding into joints ( hemarthrosis ) .	Sing
In 1958 , she met Abi Ofarim , a guitarist and dancer , whom she later married ( 11 Dec 1958 ) .	Sing
Duritz heard the rhyme in the film " Signs of Life " , which starred his close friend , actress Mary-Louise Parker .	Sing
He declined joining the band at the time , because of his membership in two other locally popular bands , Monks of Doom and Camper Van Beethoven .	Plur
This allowed Duritz to write a set of songs that became the band 's second album , " Recovering the Satellites " .	Sing
Jim attributes leaving Sheryl Crow for Counting Crows to becoming a band member and having more creative input .	Sing
It 's-It , released in October 1992 , is a remix album by the Icelandic alternative rock band The Sugarcubes .	Plur
" Saddle " ( also 1993 ) incorporates an upturned udder into the seat of a horse 's saddle .	Sing
However , the latter three were credited Warner Bros. on their first re-release , keeping the first Blue Ribbon re-release closing titles for the second re-release .	Sing
On 7 September 2006 , John Barry publicly defended his authorship of the theme on the Steve Wright show on BBC Radio 2 .	Sing
Robert McKimson introduced Hippety Hopper in " Hop , Look and Listen " ( 1948 ) , which established the pattern for future Hippety Hopper cartoons .	Sing
He encounters Hippety Hopper being shipped from Australia .	Sing
He also appeared in " Stardust " , a 1974 sequel to " That 'll Be the Day " .	Sing
In 2002 , the Olin Partners and Virtual Olin Partners selected the phoenix as the school 's mascot .	Sing
Madame Tussauds produced a wax figurine of Eva , based on Elaine Paige , for the coffin during the funeral scene at the beginning of the show .	Sing
Tom Carter understudied Patinkin and performed as Che .	Sing
The Stratford Shakespeare Festival produced " Evita " as its first rock musical from 28 to 6 May November 2010 .	Sing
After building an underground following , the band signed to Reprise Records and released their major-label debut album , " Dookie " , in 1994 .	Sing
Green Day headlined Lollapalooza and Woodstock 1994 and were nominated for four Grammy Awards and won in the category for Best Alternative Album .	Sing
From 29 January 1944 , " New Orleans " fired on targets in the Marshalls , hitting air installations and shipping as the Navy took Kwajalein .	Sing
His father , John was an Anglican , his mother , Susannah a dissenter .	Sing
I was shewn Dr Taylor 's new meeting-house , perhaps the most elegant one in all Europe .	Sing
The European Commission is defining the roadmap for the evolution of the EGNOS mission .	Sing
Many rocks contain silica ( SiO ) ; a compound of silicon and oxygen that forms 74.3 % of the Earth 's crust .	Sing
The particulate matter then undergoes compaction and cementation at moderate temperatures and pressures ( diagenesis ) .	Sing
This is termed burial metamorphism , and it can result in rocks such as jade .	Sing
Where both heat and pressure play a role , the mechanism is termed regional metamorphism .	Sing
Other varieties of foliated rock include slates , phyllites , and mylonite .	Plur
Familiar examples of non-foliated metamorphic rocks include marble , soapstone , and serpentine .	Sing
It contains a hydrogenase that can produce energy by oxidizing molecular hydrogen ( H ) made by intestinal bacteria .	Sing
It produces oxidase , catalase , and urease .	Sing
About 29 % of the loci have a colonization defect when mutated .	Sing
To demonstrate " H. pylori " caused gastritis and was not merely a bystander , Marshall drank a beaker of " H. pylori " culture .	Plur
In early 2004 , after the finalization of the 802.11g standard , Intel permitted an Intel PRO / Wireless 2200BG to substitute for the 2100 .	Sing
Intel used Sonoma as the codename for the second-generation Centrino platform , introduced in January 2005 .	Sing
In this way the CPU maintains the same Thermal Profile as it would when both cores are active .	Sing
Laptops with vPro have the typical dual-core or quad-core processor and wireless features of the Centrino family .	Sing
Shuttle Inc. offers packaged Pentium M desktops , marketed for low energy consumption and minimal cooling system noise .	Plur
Given the product code 80535 , it initially had no model number suffix , but was later identified as the Pentium M 705 .	Sing
This new design was designated the AN / USQ-20 .	Sing
After beginning construction of Wormleighton Manor the previous year with some 60 relatives , John Spencer bought Althorp in 1508 for £ 800 from the Catesby family .	Sing
Cosimo III visited Althorp in 1669 , documenting it in his " Travels of Cosmo III .	Sing
Robert passed Althorp to his son , Charles Spencer , 3rd Earl of Sunderland , who held it for twenty years .	Sing
John 's son George John , 2nd Earl Spencer inherited Althorp after his father 's death in 1783 .	Sing
John Spencer , 5th Earl Spencer , known as the Red Earl , inherited Althorp in 1857 .	Sing
The upper floor also contains the India Silk Bedroom and the Ante Room , which measures 23 ft 4 inches by 32 ft 6 inches .	Sing
In 1257 Henry instructed his goldsmith , William of Gloucester , to produce a coinage of pure gold .	Sing
Inevitably , a few coins escaped the melt — perhaps being lost .	Sing
He also painted a life-sized " Last Supper " in its refectory .	Sing
Ghirlandaio painted the " Vocation of the Apostles " .	Sing
The " Resuscitation " shows the painter 's own likeness .	Plur
Jazz drummers play percussion ( predominantly the drum set ) in jazz , jazz fusion , and other jazz subgenres such as latin jazz .	Sing
Some languages allow both static and dynamic typing .	Sing
The choice between static and dynamic typing requires certain trade-offs .	Plur
Dynamic typing typically allows duck typing ( which enables easier code reuse ) .	Sing
Most Haskell compilers allow arbitrary-rank polymorphism as an extension , but this makes type inference undecidable .	Sing
Most modern programming languages use bracket delimiters ( also balanced delimiters )	Plur
In C + + 11 , raw strings can have various delimiters , beginning with codice _ 29 and end with codice _ 30 .	Plur
Multiple characters can follow the backslash , such as codice _ 42 , depending on the escaping scheme .	Sing
These use a tripled delimiter , either codice _ 53 or codice _ 21 .	Sing
A few languages provide string literal concatenation , where adjacent string literals are implicitly joined into a single literal at compile time .	Sing
It also adds literals for the existing C + + codice _ 69 , which is generally preferred to the existing C-style strings .	Plur
Or else their lines had perish 'd with their lives .	Sing
He entertained no gout , no ache he felt ,	Sing
Foreigners also brought cholera to Japan , leading to hundreds of thousands of deaths .	Sing
This reversal encouraged the Bakufu to take drastic steps towards modernization .	Sing
The cooperative utilizes its volume leverage with suppliers in purchasing products and services for less than the individual member company could obtain outside of the cooperative .	Sing
Bengtsson married Gerda Fineman in 1939 .	Sing
The red river has a reddish-brown tint to the river because of the silt .	Sing
Examples of volumetric forecasting methodologies include ' Acupoll Foresight ' and Decision Analyst 's ' Conceptor ' .	Sing
On 11 May , about 40,000 Chinese of the Chinese Expeditionary Force crossed the Salween initially and a further 60,000 arrived later .	Sing
The erosion has also made the Salween very silty .	Sing
On a Chinese airplane , Fallows was given a wet wipe labeled " Wet turban needless wash " , translating ( ) .	Sing
In addition , speakers use subordinate conjunctions differently and also exhibit copula absence in their speech .	Plur
Other causes include misspelling , mediocre English-language teaching , sloppy translation , and reliance on outdated translation technology .	Sing
It has a large atrium and various chapels , with only two of the atrium chapels remaining .	Sing
The upper choir area has an elaborate wood railing .	Sing
Modern use of Konglish has already created a linguistic divide between North Korea and South Korea .	Sing
The bonus disc of jams does not include bassist Grech , who had yet to join the band .	Sing
In Britain , it is primarily called the common earthworm or lob worm ( though the name is also applied to a marine polychaete ) .	Sing
He sold the IHRA to Clear Channel Communications , but remained as president until his retirement in October 2004 .	Sing
A few months later , Cairns ' Springmount Raceway joined the IHRA .	Sing
Erith station serves Erith in the London Borough of Bexley , southeast London .	Sing
The Crown persecuted the Covenanters but popular support made it impossible to convict them in a jury trial .	Plur
Manfred Steger distinguishes between different globalisms such as justice globalism , jihad globalism , and market globalism .	Plur
In the forests of Bryansk he then killed the forest-dwelling monster Nightingale the Robber ( " Solovei-Razboinik " ) , who murdered travelers with his powerful whistle .	Sing
From there , it enters the Greenbelt , crossing underneath the intersection of Manor Road and Rockland Avenue .	Sing
It enters the Egbertville Ravine , then emerges from the ravine and flows along the east side of Lighthouse Hill .	Sing
where " μ " denotes the mean of the " i " component .	Sing
( See Multimodal distribution # Mixture of two normal distributions for more details . )	Sing
The mob conducted a mass hanging of the four that day , before any trial could take place .	Sing
J. Bradford DeLong has used the term " exceptionalism " to describe the economic growth of post-World War II Western Europe .	Sing
Surveyor Thomas Lewis in 1746 laid out the first town plat for Beverley of what was originally called Beverley 's Mill Place .	Sing
In August 1855 , President Franklin Pierce visited Staunton .	Sing
The Buckingham Branchalso has a small railyard .	Sing
Manzanita , hazelnut , vine maple , western skunk cabbage , and multiple species of berries and grasses make up the understory .	Sing
Plate tectonics pushed the microcontinent north , and bits of granite , sea floor sediment , subduction zones , and coral reefs gradually accreted into small islands .	Sing
In one of these disputes where Macarius is spokesman for the bishops he defends the Descent into Hell .	Sing
It has a fire lookout on top that was spared in the Biscuit Fire of 2002 .	Sing
Its drainage basin includes Sucker Creek , which rises in the Red Buttes Wilderness , near Whiskey Peak on the California state line .	Sing
Next come Beaver , Iowa , and Hatchet sloughs followed by Alder , Lampa , Lowe , and Bear creeks .	Plur
The Coquille River Lighthouse , commissioned in 1896 , guided mariners to find the dangerous bar at the mouth of the Coquille .	Plur
The pioneer Hamblock and Bullards families had ranches in that region .	Plur
Then come Bales , Trout , Little Elk , Eddy , Peterson , Hayes , Whitney , Crystal , Cougar , and Thornton creeks .	Plur
On November 27 , 1976 , she married Mervyn L. Jones .	Sing
First the program must tell the VDC which of its 37 internal registers is to be accessed .	Sing
Simeon 's children include " Saul , the son of the Canaanite woman . "	Sing
It joins the Umpqua from the north across from Reedsport , about from the mouth of the Umpqua on the Pacific Ocean .	Sing
Then come Fawn , Doe , Dailey , Spencer , Taylor , Wasson , and Murphy creeks .	Sing
The Lagrange resolvent also introduced the discrete Fourier transform of order 3 .	Sing
Serre introduced Čech cohomology of sheaves in this paper , and , despite some technical deficiencies , revolutionized formulations of algebraic geometry .	Sing
This in turn implies the famed Fermat 's Last Theorem .	Sing
Frege defines a logical calculus to support his research in the foundations of mathematics .	Sing
The content covers introductory calculus and the theory of infinite series .	Sing
That would change my calculus .	Sing
The understrike ( optionally a low macron ) indicates the Lisu " A glide " , a contraction of without an intervening glottal stop .	Sing
It joins the Willamette from the west about north of Albany .	Sing
While out , they capture a truckload of heroin belonging to a major dealer .	Sing
Most " air-cooled " engines use some liquid oil cooling , to maintain acceptable temperatures for both critical engine parts and the oil itself .	Sing
Most " liquid-cooled " engines use some air cooling , with the intake stroke of air cooling the combustion chamber .	Sing
Locations with either high peak temperatures ( narrow islands around the combustion chamber ) or high heat flow ( around exhaust ports ) may require generous cooling .	Sing
Modern electronic engine controls adjust cooling based on throttle to anticipate a temperature rise , and limit engine power output to compensate for finite cooling .	Sing
In 2000 , Ihsahn used the name Thou Shalt Suffer for his solo project .	Sing
It remained the northern extremity for the double line until November 2011 , when the line from Keon Park to Epping was duplicated .	Sing
Released from military service in 1946 , Hennessy enrolled at the University of Sydney in early 1947 with the intention of studying anthropology .	Sing
1962 saw Hennessy and his young family leave Australia once more , in order that Hennessy might pursue postgraduate study at Oxford University , England .	Sing
Section 2 extends ineligibility as follows :	Sing
During that same election , voters passed Ballot Measure 5 , which established constitutional limits on property-tax rates .	Sing
Moraes spent eight years in Britain , in London and Oxford , New York City , Hong Kong , Delhi and Bombay now Mumbai .	Sing
Iran did not follow the dollar 's devaluation in 1973 , leading to a new peg of 1 dollar = 68.725 rials .	Sing
Whereas on 15 March 1978 , 71.46 rials equaled one U.S. dollar , in July 1999 , 9,430 rials amounted to one dollar .	Plur
Vitamins often contain gluten as a binding agent .	Sing
The U.S. first addressed gluten-free labelling in the 2004 Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act ( FALCPA ) .	Sing
He played for his hometown team , the Tigres de Aragua the Caribbean Series , after he plays on his actual team , Tiburones de La Guaira .	Sing
King Kamehameha III of Hawaii claimed the atoll by proclamation in 1854 .	Sing
As an example , " Setaria verticillata " , an undesirable noxious weed , has displaced the native grass " Eragrostis variabilis " on Southeast Island .	Plur
The family lived in the central Buenos Aires " barrio " of Caballito .	Sing
Molina became Argentina 's most popular comedian , having her show syndicated to other Latin American countries .	Sing
American musician David Byrne bought " Segundo " — intrigued by its artwork — and quickly became and admirer of the record .	Sing
He contacted Molina , and she became the opening act of his American tour .	Sing
In 2012 , he formed Bento , in which he performs lead vocals , and released the band 's debut album " Diamond Days " .	Sing
In May 2011 , Silverchair announced an " indefinite hibernation " and that they were not likely to work together " in the foreseeable future " .	Sing
Slang terms include " newbie " and the more derogatory " noob . "	Sing
So far , only in the gubernatorial elections of 1980 and 2004 has a recount taken place .	Sing
Yanov , their field supervisor , comment to his superior at the conclusion : " They weren 't troublemakers ... they were just policemen .	Plur
Due to his Vietnam experience , Sam Niles developed severe claustrophobia , which becomes a key factor in the MacArthur Park shooting .	Sing
Wright joined the choirboys out of loneliness and frustration .	Plur
In 2011 , YouGov acquired Portland , OR-based firm Definitive Insights for $ 1 million with a potential $ 2 million earn out .	Plur
Ibn Khaldun described their genealogy , which consisted of two mother tribes : themselves and the Banu Sulaym .	Sing
As the tribe became increasingly independent and abandoned Shia Islam , they quickly defeated the Zirids and deeply weakened the neighboring Hammadid dynasty and the Zenata .	Plur
Other tribes Arabized the Berbers to a considerable extent in Algeria , where intermarriage occurred frequently during their shared history .	Plur
It predates both Ashfield Park and Pratten Park having begun life in 1877 as a private cricket ground .	Sing
He was given clean chit after another inquiry by ACP Dilip Sawant in 2004 .	Sing
On 16 June 2012 , the Mumbai Police reinstated Daya Nayak .	Sing
The game also saw his first booking as a West Ham player .	Sing
After the match , manager José Mourinho hailed Lampard as the " best player in the world " .	Sing
Lampard assisted Didier Drogba for the first goal , and also scored the fourth goal for the Blues from a free-kick 35 yards from goal .	Sing
On 23 November 2013 , Lampard scored his 206th and 207th goals for Chelsea against his former club West Ham in a 3 – 0 win .	Sing
Ranunculus repens , the creeping buttercup , is a flowering plant in the buttercup family Ranunculaceae , native to Europe , Asia and northwestern Africa .	Sing
He took Regina to the Memorial Cup in 1980 .	Sing
Lee also voiced Syndrome in " The Incredibles " and " Jack-Jack Attack " .	Sing
As of 2016 , Lee no longer practices Scientology .	Sing
Each rosette produces a central inflorescence only once , and then dies back ( though it will usually branch or offset to produce ensuing rosettes ) .	Sing
He advised mayor Rincón de Gautier in having local zoning laws changed to favor remodeling and the incorporation of Spanish colonial motifs in any new construction .	Sing
Middleby initiated assimilation of MagiKitch 'n brands in 2010 to their commercial appliance line .	Sing
" Baie Comeau " has a maximum draught of .	Sing
Bayer Leverkusen 's skipper Simon Rolfes praised Ryu for his " intelligent play , good movement and use of space . "	Sing
On 15 August 2014 , Ryu joined Eintracht Braunschweig on a half-season long loan to replace the injured Jan Hochscheidt .	Sing
In 1870 , he and Bond established Waitt & Bond in a small shop in Saugus , Massachusetts .	Sing
Thunder also attended Super Bowl XXXIII in Miami in 1999 .	Sing
In 2004 , she married Ernie Blake , an attorney and the mayor of Breckenridge , who also loves horses .	Sing
Due to such peculiar behavior and her pickiness , Barney stresses to Andy that they need to keep away from Lydia , " that albatross . "	Sing
In the name of King Louis of Hungary he governed Ruthenia in 1372 – 1375 .	Sing
He also served as Director General ( Intendant ) of the ZDF , the German public-service television broadcaster .	Sing
He married Renate Stumpff , the daughter of Generaloberst Hans-Jürgen Stumpff , on 13 February 1945 .	Sing
Out of the two , the NFA advocates self-defence with a firearm and has recently begun to emulate the American NRA .	Sing
After publication , an official of Save the Children contacted Finkel to say that the boy pictured was not Malé .	Sing
The campus covers 80 mu or about 53360 m ² .	Sing
By 3 January 2014 the asteroid was becoming dimmer than apparent magnitude 20 .	Sing
In 1960 , his grandfather , Paul Pinkerton , founded the Frenchtown Roller Rink .	Sing
In adverse conditions , the eggs can survive desiccation and freezing .	Sing
Rajakumaran married actress Devayani in April 2001 in a secret marriage at Thiruthani Murugan Temple .	Sing
The dark colour prevents the swimsuit from becoming visually transparent when wet .	Sing
Alabama Power copyrighted Reddy on March 6 , 1926 and the character first appeared in print in an advertisement in The Birmingham News eight days later .	Sing
In 1931 , Collins married Hughie Beatty ( 1903 – 2001 ) .	Sing
The party purchased Radio Lavín and converted it into Radio Mil Diez in 1943 .	Sing
It features a cantilever low-wing , a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit under a bubble canopy , fixed conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration .	Sing
The interior has two elaborate country Federal mantels salvaged from a demolished home .	Plur
At the 2008 Olympic Trials , he ran the 3000-m steeplechase , but did not make it past the preliminary round .	Sing
After the war he became an undertaker in Newburgh , and later in Schenectady .	Sing
It also has a two-inch , thin-film transistor , color liquid-crystal monitor with approximately 120,000 pixels .	Sing
On May 11 , 2015 , Fox canceled " Weird Loners " after one season .	Sing
In early 2017 he supported Sohn on tour in the US and in UK / Europe .	Sing
In June 2003 the Sisters of Mercy left Toodyay , having had a presence there for 119 years .	Sing
She has published five poetry chapbooks , including " POST- " ( Goodmorning Menagerie , 2011 ) .	Plur
They believe that spirits cause illness , poor harvests and other misfortunes and inhabit all material things .	Plur
In 1670 , the bishopric asked the castellans , in vain , to rebuild the castle .	Plur
In 1875 , Karl vom Stein zum Altenstein died , the last twig of the German branch of the lords of Altenstein .	Sing
Thise Rhineland family has no genealogical connexion with the Franconian Steins of Altenstein .	Sing
Murphy was also awarded an Oak Leaf Cluster for his Bronze Star .	Sing
As a result of the injury , Murphy received the first Oak Leaf Cluster for his Purple Heart .	Sing
On Suet 's return , Glu-Stick accuses Airplane of raping Lavina , who was an attractive thief in disguise .	Sing
He spent one Shabbat in Batei Munkacs , where he was hosted by a homeowner .	Sing
At , the Vaudevillains defeated Blake and Murphy to win the NXT Tag Team Championship .	Sing
At Payback , the Vaudevillains faced Enzo Amore and Colin Cassady in the finals of the tournament .	Sing
Archeological remains include 17 heiau ( temples ) , irrigation channels and ancient walls and terraces .	Sing
The story follows Donna , a stand-up comedian , who has a drunken one-night stand with a man named Max after breaking up with her boyfriend .	Sing
On December 22 , 2016 , Montreal traded Shipp to newly crowned MLS Cup Champion Seattle Sounders FC in exchange for allocation money .	Sing
Critics have called Andrić a polyglot and erudite whose literary-historical and essayistic work surpassed his fictional works .	Sing
In 2009 he was appointed 8 Wing CWO before deploying as the Joint Task Force-Afghanistan Air Wing CWO in 2011 .	Sing
They have a son Aris , who is also dedicated to the theatre .	Sing
Associated minerals include augite , hornblende , diopside , grossular , biotite , phlogopite , monticellite , wollastonite , calcite , spinel , magnetite and perovskite .	Sing
She has participated in reality shows such as Dancing with the Stars , Come Dine with Me , Kongen på haugen amongst other .	Sing
They released the EP " Reminiscence " via Broken Night Records in May 2010 which received a warm interest mainly from Europe .	Sing
The band supported the Used on their UK tour in February 2015 .	Sing
Former grounds include Claremont Showgrounds , and other locations over time .	Plur
On 4 July , he claimed a P-38 Lightning and a shared Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress over Sicily .	Sing
He shot down a Junkers Ju 52 / 3m over Podgorica , on 1 November 1943 , after a dogfight with two Messerschmitt Bf 109s .	Sing
Milton Ulladulla Hospital has a 24-hour , 6 bed emergency room and is equipped with an operating theatre for performing minor surgeries .	Sing
Facilities in the school yard included privies , a playground with swings and a slide , two basketball courts and a baseball field .	Plur
In July 2013 , Riley 's son and the woman sued Shuler for defamation and asked for injunction against the publication of the material .	Sing
At the 2 Hours 30 Minutes of Dijon , Phillip Armour replaced Flux , and helped Millard to take seventh overall , and fourth in class .	Sing
In 2016 he won the AFA for Best Actor in a Negative for film Moor .	Sing
In 2000 she also founded the ensemble Purusha .	Sing
Tom Schulte of AllMusic called the package " unassuming " and the tracks a " veritable treasure of world music rhythms " .	Sing
NSA communications analyst Paul Sevier ( Adam Driver ) asks Calvin how numbers sent via encoded satellite transmissions made their way into his sermons .	Sing
Roy knocks out Elden and covers up Alton , who is extremely photosensitive .	Sing
It has 9 vertices , 18 edges , 15 faces ( 9 squares , and 6 triangles ) , in 6 triangular prism cells .	Plur
{ 4 } has 9 vertices , and 6 3-edges .	Plur
It has 12 vertices , and 4 3-edges and 3 4-edges .	Plur
Stevens was elected intendant ( mayor ) on January 11 , 1819 , replacing John Geddes , who had been elected governor of South Carolina .	Sing
He trained under Giuseppe Boccaccio ( 1792 – 1852 ) in Parma .	Sing
On 15 May 1802 , Keith promoted Lieutenant Thomas Staines to Commander and command of " Cameleon " in the Mediterranean .	Plur
Nelson described " Renard " as being armed with twelve 4-pounder guns and six swivel guns , and carrying a crew of 80 men .	Sing
Off Marseilles she chased a large corvette and a brig back to their anchorage .	Sing
Nelson then permitted Staines to cruise the Adriatic .	Sing
Bergler proposes the publicizing of his ideas as a measure against homosexuality .	Sing
Unlike previous works by authors who had argued that homosexuality is a disease , the book provoked denunciation and rage .	Sing
He relates homosexual men 's " psychic masochism " to the oral stage of development .	Sing
He criticizes the analyst Sándor Ferenczi for maintaining otherwise .	Sing
The novelist Richard Hall discussed " Homosexuality : Disease or Way of Life ? "	Sing
Meyer described Bergler as " the most outspoken , vulgar , and damaging " of those psychoanalysts opposed to homosexuality .	Sing
The psychoanalyst Richard Isay criticized Bergler and other analysts for arguing that legal restrictions on homosexuality are necessary in " Being Homosexual " ( 1989 ) .	Sing
He described " Homosexuality : Disease or Way of Life ? "	Sing
He criticized Bergler for his " insularity and imperviousness to criticism " , giving as an example Bergler 's insistence on the representativeness of his clinical experience .	Sing
Robert R. Reilly cited " Homosexuality : Disease or Way of Life ? "	Sing
Cloud State and the University of Minnesota Duluth joined the NCHC .	Sing
His term remains the shortest in the history of the Assembly .	Sing
Other specialist services provided include gastroenterology , ophthalmology a renal unit and a maternity ward .	Sing
As a sculptor , he later was made a " chevalier " of the Legion d 'honneur .	Sing
However , the right of set-off is not mandatory , and can be waived by a creditor provided this does not prejudice other creditors .	Plur
Financial services are regulated in the British Virgin Islands by the Financial Services Commission ( or FSC ) , an independent regulator .	Sing
The seed investors included Andreessen Horowitz , First Round Capital , Resolute.VC , and other individuals and groups .	Sing
Finance Minister Shri P.Chidambaram Released the Commemorative Coins to Commemorate the Birth Centenary of Acharya Tulsi at Bikaner .	Plur
Adults have shiny , broad , globose heads .	Sing
King Charles favoured Conn on a personal level .	Sing
Ingredients typically include corn poppy , lamb chunks , onion , juice of half a lemon , flour , butter and salt .	Sing
A performance at the Cheltenham Jazz Festival in 2009 also saw Longstone joined by Dutch improvisational cellist and long time Werner Herzog collaborator Ernst Reijseger	Sing
In the 1945 election , he faced Progressive Conservative Party Osie Villeneuve and defeated him by 1,613 votes .	Sing
He faced Villeneuve again in the 1948 election , and this time was defeated by MacGillivray by 1,788 votes .	Sing
Makoto Aoki first tried out sumo at a " dojo " outside his school when he was a fourth grader in elementary school .	Sing
She met Ellington on December 4 , 1927 , the first night he and his orchestra played at the Club .	Sing
The Niger national basketball team represents Niger in international competitions .	Sing
Permana Dikoesoemah warns Aria Kebonan to respect him always and not to bother his wife .	Sing
" Poetry " carried a half-issue " Activist Sequel " in November 1958 , with a further " Note on the Activists " by Hart .	Sing
" [ Ojeda ] wanted a blonde because the blood would look better on the hair and [ Adrienne would ] look more angelic " .	Sing
He married Ida Clift in 1911 .	Sing
His father and family ran a bed-and-breakfast and his mother works in social services .	Sing
De-novo adds necessary primers for initiation of RNA replication .	Plur
These included blue faience flasks and scarabs with hieroglyphic inscriptions .	Plur
Krylov blamed his fatigue on nervousness and a long trip from Donetsk to Milwaukee .	Sing
Next he fought Stanislav Nedkov on January 24 , 2015 , at UFC on Fox 14 .	Sing
Krylov faced Francimar Barroso on May 8 , 2016 , at UFC Fight Night 87 .	Sing
Krylov next faced Misha Cirkunov on December 10 , 2016 at UFC 206 .	Sing
She won both Badminton and the first ever Burghley Horse Trials and was 2nd 5 times .	Sing
She now runs Penny Place Stables in Johannesburg , Gauteng , South Africa where she teaches pupils at all ages and skill levels .	Plur
In 1956 he married Anemone Heim , daughter of Rosel Heim ( co-founder of Sans Souci Cosmetics ) .	Sing
Surmounting Nimitz Glacier to the west .	Sing
Unplaced names include " Hippeastrum ugentii " , considered in the Kew " World Checklist of Selected Plant Families " as probably a " Crinum " .	Sing
In July 2016 , " Metal Hammer " readers voted " Babymetal " as the best album of the 21st century .	Sing
He replaced Nicklas Pedersen as an 88th-minute substitute .	Sing
As Clark describes the future to his parents , Clark stops a rocket heading toward their house to reveal Krypto inside .	Sing
He eats a donut that was dropped in bio-waste , which causes him to turn into something hideous .	Sing
Ricocheting bullets hit the kryptonite , which explodes and injures John and allows Superman to escape .	Sing
Superman melts a manhole to cover the kryptonite and flies Metallo into space until the lack of oxygen knocks him out .	Sing
Lies and intrigue surround Sidney .	Sing
The Silver Star award was won by Roger Oakeshott ahead of Terry Clearihan and Rohan Carrig .	Sing
While catering for a group of people who go on an excursion to Mahabalipuram , he meets Radha , the daughter of his restaurateur , Chakravarthy .	Sing
As Sundaram goes to prepare snacks for the two , Radha asks Raghavan why he did not show up for the marriage proposal .	Sing
Shocked , Radha informs Raghavan that she likes Sundaram for his innocence , although she does not love him .	Sing
Raghavan then informs Radha that she should marry Sundaram , as Raghavan does not want to backstab his friend .	Sing
After returning from Tiruppur , Krishnan – Panju and Nagesh met Balachander and the trio asked Balachander to write a stage play for Nagesh .	Sing
Nagesh , who in turn was impressed with S. N. Lakshmi 's performance in the play , asked Balachander to have Meiyappan include her in the film .	Sing
Goundamani , who later became a successful comedian in Tamil cinema , made his acting debut with this film in an uncredited , non-speaking role .	Sing
Pradeep Madhavan of " The Hindu ( Tamil ) " states that " Avalukkenna " brought out Nagesh 's dancing potential onscreen .	Sing
In 1999 , she married Roger Jenkins who was a prominent tax avoidance executive at Barclays Bank .	Sing
When Ryman creates work on a larger scale the pieces interact with unique properties of the installation space .	Sing
He married María Eugenia Silva Fuentes and together they produced two children , Carlos Alberto ( lawyer ) , and Raúl Eduardo ( neurosurgeon ) .	Plur
After his retirement from football , he managed South African club Clyde Pinelands .	Plur
The kitchen reconstructed at the House of the Vettii from Pompeii shows a large " olla " set on a tripod on the stove .	Sing
A tomb from a 7th-century BC necropolis at Civita Castellana yielded an " olla " decorated with a pair of horses and a Faliscan inscription .	Sing
He brings back a baby chimpanzee , Konga , to test out his theory .	Sing
Rasmussen had McCain leading with as high as 51 % in September .	Sing
She finds the dauphin profoundly traumatised and not interested in becoming a king .	Sing
Under Brian Desmond Hurst 's rather unimaginative direction , the action simply lacks sustained suspense , instead of crawling with it ...	Sing
Besides provoking Rutherford 's resignation , the scandal opened rifts in the Liberal Party that took years to heal .	Plur
In 1948 he sang Alfredo in " La traviata " opposite Elisabeth Schwarzkopf .	Sing
At the Battle of Shiloh Smith became the lieutenant-colonel of the Second Tennessee Infantry Regiment .	Sing
Eleven ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS " Plover " , after the species of bird , the Plover :	Sing
This wharf allowed ship-to-shore offloading , making the line a freight and passenger hauler of growing importance .	Sing
SNEG was renamed Gaumont in 1975 .	Sing
The road trains ( triple trailer trucks ) replaced the drovers , which resulted in many Aboriginal people settling permanently in Elliott .	Plur
The West Virginia Division of Highways ( WVDOH ) has now selected a Preferred Alternative for the US 522 project .	Sing
The park includes Sugarloaf Mountain , an extinct late Devonian volcano .	Sing
The privateers captured Creighton and the five men , two of whom escaped .	Sing
Zimbabwean online newspapers include , iHarare.comThe Zimbabwe Daily and Bulawayo24 News .	Sing
Beating other famous Dutch DJ 's such as Armin van Buuren , Tiesto , Ferry Corsten as the highest Dutch entry till date .	Sing
Ming Lo Moves the Mountain is a children 's picture book by Arnold Lobel , published in 1982 .	Sing
The Kansas City Wizards of Major League Soccer ( MLS ) signed Fogarty as an assistant coach in 1999 .	Sing
On 15 April 1999 , the Kansas City Wizards named Fogarty as its interim coach after Ron Newman resigned following an 0 – 4 start .	Sing
In 2002 , Augie was voted Comedian of the Year as the funniest comic in Hawai 'i by the Honolulu Star-Bulletin and MidWeek newspapers .	Sing
He played for their top farm club , the Phoenix Firebirds , in 1986 before signing with the Carp .	Plur
2 is the second studio album by American hip hop disc jockey DJ Drama .	Sing
The Real Audencia also appointed Anda as Lieutenant Governor and Visitor-General .	Sing
The British took Malolos on 22 January , but failed to advance upon Anda in Pampanga and withdrew from there on 7 February .	Sing
The 79th Regiment finally arrived Madras on 25 May 1765 .	Sing
The restaurant also serves milkshakes , cookies ( chocolate chip , macadamia nut , or sugar ) , sundaes , root beer floats , and concretes .	Plur
Chinese records about the Rajahnate stopped after the reign of Rajah Colambu , the last independent Rajah of Butuan .	Sing
A government hospital exists three kilometer away from main population area which was established in the time of united India .	Sing
Chak no 42 JB ( bera wala bangla )	Sing
The song helped inspire Yarrow to found the non-profit organization Operation Respect , promoting tolerance and civility programs in education .	Sing
Notable customers included Powel Crosley Jr . , whose WLW-AM later became Cincinnati 's premiere radio station .	Sing
The band replaced Riddle with a then-unknown bassist named Scott Shiflett .	Sing
The US Department of the Interior listed the " Binghamton " on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .	Sing
While a member of the Terrapins , Francis met Idan Ravin , who at the time was coaching youth basketball .	Sing
Crews ' body was discovered nude with a pair of shorts around her neck and her wrists bound with her own bra .	Sing
Keyes stated , " Individuals with mental retardation typically have severe deficits in judgment potential , and are simply unable to understand the consequences of their behaviors .	Plur
When asked if he had any final words he gave a nervous chuckle and stated , " Uh , I don 't know .	Sing
The tissues of the giant barrel sponge contain photosynthetic symbiotic cyanobacteria which give the sponge its color .	Plur
Individuals may undergo periodic bleaching , but this is a cyclic event , and the sponge recovers its normal coloration over time .	Sing
Eddy played Thad , one of the Dalton Academy Warblers , on the television series " Glee " .	Sing
The map shows " The Inheritance of Sir Richard Corbett and the Manor of Leighton " .	Sing
On 20 August 1846 , John Naylor married Georgiana Edwards , the daughter of John Edwards of Ness Strange , Shropshire .	Sing
Its inner wall has drains at the internal floor level above a deep sump in which there are 8 radiating tunnels with round-headed openings .	Plur
In July 2011 , he joined Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała on a two-year contract .	Sing
Bąk joined A PFG club Etar 1924 in early 2013 .	Sing
Their vehicle had a tire puncture , so they stole a silver Škoda Laura and drove towards Girgaum Chowpatty beach .	Sing
Kasab entered the Taj posing as a student from Mauritius and stored explosives in one of the hotel 's rooms .	Sing
Kasab repeatedly asked the interrogators to turn the camera off and warned them he would not speak otherwise .	Plur
Pakistani officials confirmed the receipt of the letter and were reported to be studying it .	Sing
The PDAF on its own does confirm nor terminate tracks .	Sing
In addition , the band backed up Los Angeles Peabody Award-winning spoken word artist Joe Frank .	Sing
However they rendered the forcing of the bullet against the grooves of the rifle bore in the Delvigne system rather difficult .	Sing
In 1976 nearby Tangshan experienced a massive earthquake which caused the pagoda to crack .	Sing
Napoleonic occupation also thwarted Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden 's plans to construct a fortified port city on Rügen , Gustavia .	Sing
Also in February , Russian troops reached Farther Pomerania .	Sing
In March , all French forces left Pomerania , except for Stettin , which was held by the French until December 5 , 1813 .	Sing
What we don 't understand is why the Swiss President greeted Ahmadinejad on arrival . "	Sing
They continued sculpting and painting , and also developed educational toys for children , among them a tactile alphabet for the blind .	Sing
A noted Freemason He died on 27 June 1934 and is buried in the churchyard of St John-at-Hampstead Church , London .	Sing
He also operated steamboats on the Kootenay River in Montana and on the Stikine River in western British Columbia .	Plur
He then applied the odd-shaped steamer to make enough money in 1887 to have a new sternwheeler built , also called " Duchess " .	Sing
Also , Captain Alexander Blakely bought the little sidewheeler " Pert " and operated her on the river .	Sing
Armstrong built a new steamer , " Ptarmigan " , using the engines from " Duchess " which were by then were over 60 years old .	Sing
The construction of railroads and the economic dislocations caused by the war had doomed steamboats as a method of transportation on the upper Columbia .	Plur
Tawfiq Canaan found a Maqam ( shrine ) for " en-nabi " Yusif , on a spot which dominated Beit Ijza .	Sing
Wang Yani also exhibited in Germany and grew to love that country in her middle teen years .	Sing
Hance had an IQ of 75-79 points , which classifies him as " borderline intellectual functioning " on modern medical scales of mental retardation .	Sing
It features Soumitra Chatterjee , Kanchan Mullick , Claudia Ciesla , Subrata Dutta , Aparajita Ghosh Das and Abir Chatterjee .	Sing
Elected officials included president Kamehameha III , vice-president William Richards , secretary Sheldon Dibble , and treasurer Samuel Kamakau .	Sing
In June 1881 , he joined Ramakrishna at Dakshineswar as his personal attendant and helper .	Sing
To conveniently treat him , the devotees moved Ramakrishna from Dakshineswar to Shyampukur , in North Calcutta .	Sing
During the last year of his life he developed a blister on this leg , which developed into gangrene .	Sing
They won a pasty bap and chips .	Sing
During this time , it also resupplied corvettes operating in the Timor Sea , notably resupplying HMAS " Deloraine " with depth charges .	Plur
White-armed Nuala , Aengus of the Birds ,	Sing
Where beauty has no ebb , decay no flood ,	Sing
As an athlete he specialised in the throwing events and had international success in two disciplines , the discus and the shot put .	Sing
Milton also altered an epigraph by Sallust on the title page that comes from Gaius Memmius 's speech in " Bellum Iugurthinum " .	Sing
The name means ' stony moor ' .	Sing
The scene references Camp Crystal Lake , Jason 's traditional haunt .	Sing
Arriving at Paris , he entered Académie Colarossi and was soon recognised as a student of great potential .	Sing
William found Biddle at the State House .	Sing
The Marajó short-tailed opossum ( " Monodelphis maraxina " ) is an opossum species from South America .	Sing
It is also called the shrewish short-tailed opossum , or dwarf short-tailed opossum .	Sing
His daughter Preeti Ganguly , son-in-law Deven Verma ( married to his elder daughter Rupa Ganguly ) and granddaughter Anuradha Patel also became accomplished actors .	Sing
Ruma later married Arup Guha Thakurta and had a son , Ayan , and a daughter , Sromana , with him .	Sing
Yogeeta eventually divorced Kishore Kumar and married Mithun Chakravorty , who married Sridevi for a brief stint .	Sing
Sridevi later married producer Surinder Kapoor 's son Boney Kapoor , a producer who has two famous actors for brothers – Anil Kapoor and Sanjay Kapoor .	Sing
Based on the White conjecture , the proposed theoretical device is called a quantum vacuum plasma thruster ( QVPT ) or Q-thruster .	Sing
In the late 1930s , he became a bandleader with his own orchestra which made recordings and performed at New York 's Biltmore Hotel .	Sing
The board also recommended a reevaluation of training manuals and aircraft procedures in regard to abort procedures .	Sing
The death of Schiavi caused Burdett to get the American Embassy officials and Tabriz officials involved in helping him investigate the crime .	Sing
Schiavi 's murder partly influenced Burdett to testify about his espionage before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee .	Sing
These guinea pigs have coarse , long fur and longer fur in the neck region , with ears having no fur .	Sing
Cavies have incisors that continuously grow and are naturally filed down by grazing habits .	Plur
Due to the cavies small feeding patch of 0.77 ha overexploitation when the population density is higher creates a natural fluctuation in the mortality of the species .	Sing
During this time , she also met the composer Orlando Pantera and began collaborating with him .	Sing
They also had 2 great-grandsons : Aidan Bartlett & Nathan Bartlett as of 2012 .	Plur
Richfield and North later formed the band Sear .	Sing
In 1911 , Kochanski married Zosia Kohn ( who had previously held a hopeless passion for Juliusz Wertheim ) .	Sing
Szymanowski dedicated his Violin Concerto No .	Sing
In January 1920 , he premiered Szymanowski 's " Nocturne and Tarantella " in Warsaw .	Sing
Some spring tides will also pass over the weir here , making the river tidal up to Keynsham Lock .	Sing
Later , at a hotel party , Alejandra encounters Javier .	Sing
Meanwhile , Rafael and his wife Carmen leave Hacienda Narváez to live in San Angelo .	Sing
Andrea gets Rafael drunk and takes to the hotel 's casino every night .	Sing
The buildings that remained in place became conduits for the river that breached its banks .	Plur
Ilona Maria Gusenbauer ( née Majdan on 16 September 1947 ) is a retired Austrian high jumper .	Sing
The queen resolved to lead them away further , so Finette visited her godmother again .	Sing
They ate cabbages and lettuce .	Plur
While they were at work , Finette tricked the ogre into the oven and burned him to cinders .	Sing
Then she persuaded the ogress that if she let them dress her and do her hair , she would soon find a noble husband .	Sing
At the suggestion of pitching coach Mike Maddux , he changed his windup to a full windmill .	Sing
He became the first Rangers right-hander to allow just one run over four consecutive starts .	Sing
Spix ’ s disk-winged bat has a white or pale yellow underbelly and a reddish brown to black dorsal surface .	Sing
Plants with this leaf morphology include " Heliconia " and " Calathea " species .	Sing
It also uses sweat lubrication to produce wet adhesion as the main mechanism , rather than suction .	Sing
It can only attach head-up , while the disk-winged bat can cling at any angle .	Sing
This park includes the historic Rossport Campground which is near the fishing community of Rossport , Ontario .	Sing
The player must guide Sol out of Softech and into the Televerse in order to find his cure .	Sing
A new British advertising campaign in July 2008 was accompanied by a new slogan : " " Sophisticated sharing " " .	Sing
He won renomination uncontested , and in the general election , faced independent candidate Richard Harrison .	Sing
On February 23 , 2016 NRA former president and USF executive director Marion P. Hammer sent a " Florida Alert ! "	Sing
Some of the endangered and endemic species of flora include the Banat peony , steppe peony , Pančić wormwood , bulrush and dwarf-steppe almond .	Sing
The region comprises Wester Ross , Assynt , Sutherland and part of Caithness .	Sing
It carries Corridor H ( U.S. Route 48 and West Virginia Route 55 ) across Clifford Hollow approximately east of Moorefield .	Sing
Diana slew Deimos with her razor sharp tiara , and from him acquired the other half of Harmonia 's amulet .	Sing
Diana also freed Heracles , who had borne the weight of Themyscira for eons while imprisoned in a stone form and had been scarred by various monsters .	Plur
At this time , Darkseid attacked Olympus .	Sing
These gods followed the Bana-Mighdallian Amazons to Themyscira where they continued to be worshipped .	Plur
This prompted the other goddesses to deliver the head of Medusa unto Diana , which she used to turn Briareos to stone .	Plur
She descended beneath Doom 's Doorway with Wonder Girl ( Cassandra Sandsmark ) and Ferdinand the Minotaur and was confronted by Zeus ' alliance .	Sing
Diana then used Hermes ' caduceus to revive him .	Sing
Aquaman bested Triton and the godling fell from grace with his father .	Sing
In anger , Triton slayed Poseidon and claimed his power .	Sing
Aquaman freed Poseidon by appealing to Lord Hades .	Sing
Disgusted with mortal affairs , Poseidon bequeathed his trident to Aquaman .	Sing
Aquaman somehow lost the Trident , though , as it was last seen with Queen Clea .	Sing
Wonder Woman also met the Lamia of myth , who laid with Zeus and bore his children .	Sing
" Been Gone " is the second single from Canadian R & B / hip hop singer Keshia Chanté 's second studio album " 2U " .	Sing
By continuing to constrict Longhurst 's neck long after becoming aware of the emergency , Coutts showed the necessary mens rea for murder .	Sing
Grout represented Newport in the Vermont General Assembly in 1872 and 1874 , and Derby in 1884 , 1886 and 1883 .	Sing
The song features rapper Ludacris and samples " Wildflower " and " Wild Flower ( Suite ) " by New Birth .	Plur
At the time of the book 's writing , the author was studying Witchcraft with Maxine and Alex Sanders , with whom Farrar collaborated on the book .	Sing
From 1983-1984 , he also co-anchored the weekly hour-long " Newsweek On Air " with David Alpern .	Sing
Low bone mineral density renders bones more brittle and hence susceptible to fracture .	Plur
Progesterone directly stimulates osteoblasts to make new bone .	Plur
Because a symptom of the female athlete triad is menstrual dysfunction , some physicians may recommend oral contraceptives because those pills will regulate the menstrual cycle .	Plur
Doctors may prescribe calcium supplements .	Plur
Medical complications involve the cardiovascular , endocrine , reproductive , skeletal , gastrointestinal , renal , and central nervous systems .	Sing
The metering system can keep the shutter open for up to 30 seconds .	Sing
Biographer John Hamilton described the Turkish terrain thus : " It is a country made for snipers .	Sing
The spotter 's task was to observe ( spot ) the surrounding terrain and alert the sniper to potential targets .	Sing
The southern flank of the fell comprises Tarn and Greathead Crags , the backdrop to the popular picnic spot of Easedale Tarn .	Sing
The latter saw that fearless experimentation achieving its full fruition ( and , predictably enough , consequent commercial flop ) .	Sing
These included " Rumble at Waikiki " by Jon and the Nightriders and originals like " Skag Up My Ass " .	Sing
Brewer has used a Mitsubishi Shogun to travel around England since series 9 ( 2012 ) .	Sing
For Series 12b , he used a white Mercedes-Benz Sprinter to transport the Messerschmitt KR200 back to the workshop .	Sing
Brewer used a French-registered silver Toyota Corolla Verso when he returned to buy the Citroën 2CV in series 11a .	Sing
When he returned to France in series 12b , he rented a French-registered grey Audi Q3 to purchase the Citroën HY .	Sing
In Texas , Brewer used a grey Chevrolet Corvette C2 .	Sing
He was appointed vice-chairman ( later restyled vice-governor ) of Gansu province .	Sing
The fact that Rupert is the leader of the Martial Guard only strengthens Clarissa 's resolve .	Sing
The story concerns a field biologist working at " Trench Park " named Radnal vez Krobir .	Sing
His memoirs , " Timmy 's in the Well : The Jon Provost Story " , were released in December 2007 ( Cumberland House Publishing , ) .	Sing
The penis of the northern ghost bat does not employ a baculum , but rather , is composed of four cartilaginous bodies .	Sing
The ogress summoned a hind from the woods to nurse the baby .	Sing
This time , the ogress ate the crown-less ogre .	Sing
The princess stung the ogress and drove her off , but some travelers carried off the wand .	Sing
The poem alludes to the mythological bird called the phoenix .	Sing
They often swallow fine gravel to assist with digestion , and will also ingest salt from mineral rich soils or livestock salt licks .	Sing
The cipher at the foot of the gravestone says " Holiness of the Lord " .	Sing
When citizens do make a complaint , they may face reprisal from the police .	Sing
He made the daily commute from his home in Austin to teach in College Station .	Sing
The album featured Duane Allman on guitar , the Dixie Flyers and the Memphis Horns .	Sing
Morris represented the Southeastern Newspapers Corp. , which owned papers in Athens , Savannah and Augusta , Georgia .	Sing
In 1920 , he left Paramount after studio head Adolph Zukor refused to give him a substantial pay raise .	Sing
Grant bought expensive dresses that she refused to wear more than once and traveled in a Rolls Royce with an ermine floor rug .	Sing
Additionally , ICTV offers a livestream of its programming on its website , ICTV.org , along with on-demand episodes from past and present shows .	Sing
Panelists discuss recent collegiate and professional sports , then viewers vote on who won and will return for the next episode .	Sing
Tweel carries a bizarre firearm made from a transparent glass-like material , which fires poisoned splinters .	Sing
Reis married Meta Arenson in Tijuana on August 10 , 1938 .	Sing
Often these systems are purchased " off-the-shelf " from vendors and cannot be modified in non-trivial ways .	Sing
The MDM application normally requires an ESB to syndicate its data to multiple subscribing systems .	Sing
Indian politician Paloli Mohammed Kutty done the first clap of the film .	Sing
Neha Saxena plays Rohini , opposite Sudheer Karamana 's Sakhavu Shivaprasad .	Sing
As if that were not enough , a new enemy appears , the Colombian known as Mr. Romero .	Sing
On 16 October 2017 , he helped Kedah U-19 to win the first ever cup .	Sing
These phosphatases inactivate their target kinases by dephosphorylating both the phosphoserine / threonine and phosphotyrosine residues .	Plur
Rap-Up stated " On the seductive “ Birthday , ” the Memphis songstress caters to her man .	Plur
Again driving a SEAT León TCR for Yontrakit Racing Team .	Sing
Agronic Oy has a daughter company Prodevice Oy .	Sing
In 2013 , the company became the biggest tax payer in Haapavesi .	Sing
The organization also uses Telegram as an anchor platform to connect with their user base when their other accounts are banned on Twitter and Facebook .	Sing
He has two uncles , A.B.A .	Plur
In 1998 Handa established the Hosho Toshu Noh Troupe .	Sing
On her return to Cuba in July 1877 , still just 17 , she played Dorotea in Pancho Fernández ' " Los negros catedráticos " .	Sing
Ori married the model and actress Yael Goldman in 2009 .	Sing
He also credits Bon Jovi as an influence for his showmanship when performing .	Sing
Storage options include 64 , 128 or 256 GB in China , but only 128 GB in India .	Sing
Fiberglass winch bases mount two No.1 snubbing winches used for headsail sheeting .	Plur
They exploited the aqueduct til 1912 .	Sing
2015 — " To Follow Her Advice "	Sing
First-seeded Martina Hingis won the singles title and earned $ 87,000 first-prize money .	Sing
Martina Hingis / Anna Kournikova defeated Arantxa Sánchez Vicario / Barbara Schett 6 – 4 , 6 – 2	Sing
He made palpable the joys and terrors of falling in - and out - of love .	Plur
Rajrishi Murthi of Bangin Beats felt " the infectious vocal-driven track boasts of all the ingredients to take over airwaves in the coming days " .	Plur
He regarded both " Swerve " and " Imperfections " as " steamy , smoky , sex jams " .	Sing
It has OPD & IPD services .	Plur
He played an Elvis impersonator in the 1992 film " Honeymoon in Vegas " .	Sing
They approached singer Eno Williams to create vocals for the project .	Sing
Nevertheless , Mercedes denounced the disappearances the next day after talking to a female friend and shared her suspicions about Laso .	Plur
He also sent a fax to the Social Security office to request that his monthly pension be deposited in a new bank account .	Sing
Leonti loathes Grigori from pre-Revolution days ( they quarrelled over their children 's elopement ) .	Sing
The play 's title suggests captivity , pain and submission .	Sing
" The play 's weakness lies in its tendency to repeated pleading , " observed Ivor Brown in " The Week-end Review " .	Sing
Henri Barbusse in " The Daily Worker " condemned the playwright for peddling " slanderous caricatures " of the Soviet Union .	Sing
In Lloret de Mar , he built the " Casa Aida " in 1921 .	Sing
Azure calls Joyce “ Auntie ” out of respect and promises her he will never become part of a gang .	Sing
In his fury , Gerald assaults Azure and Azure runs away .	Sing
He advises Azure to stop hiding and go directly to Gerald .	Sing
He asks Sealy where Gerald is before Sealy suddenly begins to brutally assault Azure , telling him that he must do this because Gerald is watching .	Sing
Later , Gerald confronts Azure under the bridge .	Sing
Gerald tells Azure to never go back to Sea Point .	Sing
While looking for Gerald , Azure meets Sealy who informs him that Gerald committed suicide .	Sing
In exchange , Azure runs errands for her .	Plur
He beats up Azure when he comes to confront Gerald but later tells him he did him a favour by not injuring him more severely .	Sing
Studying copywriting at the time , his absence resulted in his expulsion from college and his institutionalization in a psychiatric facility for two months .	Sing
They also participated in this season 's edition of the domestic cup , the DFB-Pokal .	Sing
Nemërçka falls within the Pindus Mountains mixed forests terrestrial ecoregion of the Palearctic temperate broadleaf and mixed forest .	Sing
In the 1774 general election Leighton contested Shrewsbury with Robert Clive and was elected as Member of Parliament , but he was unseated on petition in 1775 .	Sing
• Adviseren als tweede beroep , resultaat bereiken als adviseur ( 1991 / 1995 / 2005 / 2015 ) ( Consulting as second profession )	Plur
In 1921 he asked Geoffrey de Havilland to build him an aircraft to Butler 's own specification .	Sing
His wife , Lois , died in 1970 and his son David , a third generation yachtsman , in a road accident in 1972 .	Sing
Sakaguchi Shunichi joined Chunichi Dragons , a professional baseball team based in Nagoya , Japan in 1957 .	Sing
Coach Amachi , had recommended Sakaguchi to relief player Ishikawa .	Sing
He joined J1 League club Verdy Kawasaki from youth team in 1998 .	Sing
Originally the sign was colored chrome yellow – a reference to the Aldous Huxley novel " Crome Yellow " – on a dark blue field .	Sing
In 1977 , he played on the album A Blow for Me , a Toot to You by Fred Wesley and the Horny Horns .	Sing
In 1988 , Bootsy co-produced ( alongside George Clinton ) the album Lifestyles of the Roach and Famous by INCorporated Thang Band ( a P-Funk spin-off ) .	Plur
In 1994 , he played on the album The Final Blow by Fred Wesley and the Horny Horns .	Sing
Akihiro Kurihara joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2004 .	Sing
Yuki Sakai joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2004 .	Sing
Takanori Maeda joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse in 2004 .	Sing
Hideya Tanaka joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2005 .	Sing
In 1898 , Pastor Eugen Zwinger became the co-founder of the Church of the Epiphany in Hempstead / Nassau , New York .	Sing
Shogo Yoshizawa joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2005 .	Sing
Featuring Dhruvva and Venba in the lead roles , the film also has veteran actors Charle and Kalpana in pivotal roles .	Sing
Besides the 2 Guides , ACEL also publishes its " Zoom " , which is published yearly for the Student fair .	Sing
Furthermore , ACEL also organizes yearly its " Student for one day " .	Sing
Also , using data to measure actual social impact could reveal inefficiency which would be inconvenient to the politicians involved or the companies ’ claims .	Sing
Tengo Miura joined J2 League club Roasso Kumamoto in 2010 .	Sing
In 2015 , Llamasoft released the " Tempest " -inspired video game " TxK " independently for the PlayStation Vita .	Sing
It stars Hemal Ranasinghe in the lead role , along with newcomers Chulakshi Ranathunga and Shanel Fernando .	Sing
In 1978 he sold Ston Easton to the Smedley family .	Sing
He married Gillian Shakespeare Morris , a daughter of Thomas Richard Morris , a Conservative party local government politician and Mayor of St Pancras in London .	Sing
The Assyrians quickly conquered Uruk but lost it again .	Sing
After gathering a large following , Natasha and Devin launched their own swimwear brand , MONDAY Swimwear , in 2014 .	Sing
Ford sold Arrowhead Mills to the Hain Celestial Group in 1999 .	Sing
He also documented the Decolonization , capting the return of many Portuguese who came back from the African colonies , in 1975 .	Sing
In 1634 , he became the captain-general of Portuguese Angola , succeeding Manuel Pereira Coutinho .	Sing
In January 2018 he left Istra .	Sing
The lead single is " Nobody Like You " .	Sing
Faulk played tenor and soprano saxophones on James Spaulding 's " Blues Nexus " .	Plur
During his time as a diplomat he had several postings and served as the head of the Swedish delegation to the UNCHR .	Plur
Kerli reached the Eesti Laul final , in which the song obtained second place , failing to win Estonia 's ticket to Kyiv .	Sing
The twin flames are like finding your true soulmate " .	Sing
During the interview Grace accused Duckett of hiding something because Duckett refused to take a polygraph test and provided vague answers to questions .	Sing
( The Cheerful Central Rook joseki instead swings their rook to the central file ( R-52 ) .	Sing
Since the bishop diagonal is closed , Black can trade pawns on the second file .	Plur
On 15 August 2017 Vallejo joined CD Numancia , being assigned to the reserves still in the fourth tier .	Sing
Previously elected mayor John F. Forward , Jr. had resigned mid-term and did not contest the 1935 election .	Sing
The convention endorsed local businessman Percy J. Benbough as their candidate for mayor .	Sing
< section begin = Semi-finals Performance Table / >	Sing
< section begin = Finals Performance Table / >	Sing
In mayfield the years to follow , the church nourished not only " New Kuban " , but also surrounding towns .	Sing
During the first week of Great Lent of 2016 , Metropolitan Hilarion of Eastern America & New York visited Holy Protection Skete .	Sing
Raja Maung Saw Pru ( , also spelt Mong Saw Pru ) was a son of King Nanda Bayin and grandson of Bayinnaung .	Sing
Some 3000 families from Pegu followed the scion of their ruler and settled in Arakan .	Sing
In his writings , he considers religious pluralism as an ideology which considers all religion to be true , thus undermining the legitimacy of Islam .	Sing
In the vision , Barry sees Eobard Thawne and Jay Garrick 's Flash Helmet .	Sing
ISIL also shelled SDF in al-Kishkiyah and al-Bahrah .	Sing
In 1880 he replaced Prof David Liston as professor of Hebrew and oriental languages at the University of Edinburgh .	Sing
Adams introduced Syriac and Arabic to the syllabus .	Sing
In 1967 , the American Quarter Horse Association invited the Howards to show Eternal Sun at Stallion Row at the inaugural All American Quarter Horse Congress .	Plur
Howard 's son , Dar , started the colts under saddle , and he spent five years working with one of them , Eternal Pete .	Plur
AQHA registered Eternal Sun in their stud book as number 0151802 .	Sing
Despite this , they still allowed Bothwell to play for Brunei at the time without playing abroad for two years .	Sing
Later , he married a Singaporean .	Sing
The Spanish government required Puigdemont to clarify whether he had declared independence or not , to which it received no clear answer .	Sing
Spanish prosecutors sought a European Arrest Warrant for Puigdemont and four other members who had remained in Belgium and refused to attend the hearing .	Sing
The next day , Spain withdrew the EAW against Puigdemont just over a month after issuing it to Belgian authorities .	Sing
The Georgia General Assembly incorporated Apalachee as a town in 1907 .	Sing
While in the garden , Hook and Smee awaken a giant gnome but are able to find the flower .	Sing
Hook sends Smee back to the crew , while he goes back to Rapunzel and offers his assistance .	Sing
They share the same sire , but have different dams .	Sing
In January , in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , at a PBR BFTS event , Bruiser bucked off J.W .	Sing
He bucked off Eduardo Aparecido in 2.94 seconds for a score of 44.75 points .	Sing
On Saturday night , Round 4 , J.B. Mauney rode Bruiser for 92.75 points .	Sing
But after the whistle had blown , Bruiser yanked Mauney down and hit him in the chest .	Sing
Page usually runs Bruiser to several rodeos in the PRCA in the summer to keep him qualified for the National Finals Rodeo ( NFR ) .	Sing
In Thackerville , Oklahoma , Mauney rode Bruiser for 92.25 points and took over the No .	Sing
Vieira conquered Bruiser for 90.5 points and won the Iron Cowboy event .	Sing
Pacheco conquered Bruiser for 94 points in Guymon on the Velocity Tour .	Sing
After this ride , Page took Bruiser home to rest until the PBR World Finals .	Sing
On Sunday , January 22 , Derek Kolbaba picked Bruiser and rode him for a total score of 92 points .	Sing
Three weeks later , at a PRCA rodeo in Caldwell , Idaho , Cole Melancon rode Bruiser for 90 points , and Bruiser scored 46 bull points .	Sing
In March 2017 , bull rider Stormy Wing rode Bruiser for 95.25 points , which is his highest marked ride score to date in his career .	Sing
The bulls shared the YETI " Built For the Wild " Bull of the Event .	Sing
Bruiser won the YETI Built For The Wild Bull of the Event title .	Sing
Bruiser bucked so hard Eldred " felt his knee pop " .	Sing
" I wanted Bruiser to beat him every week , but there were weeks I knew we got beat .	Sing
Pacheco retained his usual cool when riding the bull for a career-high 92.75 points .	Sing
Jang Jung-won joined J2 League club Avispa Fukuoka in 2013 .	Sing
Kota Saito promoted J1 League club Albirex Niigata from youth team in 2015 .	Sing
This type of government served Rockport for the next 70 years , with an election held each year .	Sing
The village is officially named Mayfield , but is commonly referred to as Mayfield Village .	Sing
Major employers include : Nestlé ( headquarters of Stouffer Foods ) , Swagelok , Pentair , Signature of Solon Country Club , Keithley Instruments and Arrow Electronics .	Sing
In the mid-19th century , the Pomeroy House , then called The Homestead , was a stop on the underground railroad .	Sing
It borders Beachwood to the east , Cleveland Heights to the west , South Euclid to the north and Shaker Heights to the south .	Sing
John Colville platted Ithaca in 1832 and gave it the name of " Twinsborough . "	Sing
Recommended oral hygiene include daily brushing and flossing .	Sing
This process in turn activates osteoclasts which begin to destroy bone , and it activates matrix metalloproteinases that destroy ligaments .	Plur
The blood stream carries these anaerobic micro-organisms , and they are filtered out by the kidneys and liver , where they may colonize and create microabscesses .	Plur
Additional diseases that may result from periodontitis include chronic bronchitis and pulmonary fibrosis .	Plur
Northeastern Local Schools ( Tinora ) and Ayersville Local Schools also serve rural Defiance , but each is a smaller school district .	Sing
The Hicksville Exempted Village School district operates one pre-K – 12 school in the village .	Sing
Annually , the Earl Marshal helps organise the State Opening of Parliament .	Sing
The City Manager handles the day-to-day administration of the City and is appointed by the City Council .	Sing
Datus Kelley encouraged sobriety , and paid his employees bonuses for abstaining from " intoxifying liquors " .	Sing
The private ferry runs to Marblehead , Ohio every half-hour during the tourist season , with the ride lasting approximately 25 minutes .	Sing
Thurston was originally called Bush City , and under the latter name was laid out in 1881 .	Sing
The Supreme Court , however , ruled the picketing , including the disruptive conduct , were fully protected under section 2 of the Charter .	Sing
Isaac Epstein married Dinah Hyman in Manchester in 1900 .	Sing
Thomas Malory mentions Alnwick as a possible location for Lancelot 's castle Joyous Garde .	Sing
Benjamin Disraeli describes Alnwick as " Montacute " in his novel " Tancred " .	Sing
Being such a stopping point on the A1 ( particularly in such a rural area ) provides Alnwick with a lot of passing trade and tourism .	Sing
Martin contracted polio in 1946 at the age of eight ( like his father , who contracted the disease in 1907 ) .	Sing
Martin also negotiated a ten-year , $ 41 billion plan to improve health care and reduce wait times .	Sing
Martin rejected US Ambassador David Wilkins 's rebuke and said he was standing up for Canada 's interests over softwood and other issues .	Sing
This again brought the Sponsorship Scandal to public attention at a time when Martin planned to make important policy announcements .	Sing
Martin chose the following jurists to be appointed as justices of the Supreme Court of Canada by the Governor General :	Plur
The next day , Martin officially informed Governor General Michaëlle Jean of his intention to resign as prime minister .	Sing
Among Taylor 's strategies , he touted the Byrds as a new breed of American band with parallels to the Beatles .	Plur
These record labels included Warner Bros. , Reprise , Elektra and Atlantic .	Sing
He later represented Tamworth and Yorkshire in the English House of Commons .	Sing
He represented Charleville in the Irish House of Commons and Warwick in the British House of Commons .	Sing
In 1968 , Evans had seen the group Badfinger ( then known as The Iveys ) play live , and suggested that they be signed to Apple .	Sing
Evans also discovered the group Splinter and brought them to the Apple label , although they would subsequently move to George Harrison 's Dark Horse Records .	Sing
Evans cowrote " You and Me ( Babe ) " with Harrison .	Sing
Aspinall asked McCartney and Lennon at the next concert why they had fired Best and was told , " It 's got nothing to do with you .	Sing
The Beatles asked Aspinall to take over the management of Apple Corps in 1968 , which had been founded in April of the same year .	Sing
Aspinall accompanied McCartney and Lennon to New York on 11 May 1968 , to announce the formation of Apple to the American Media .	Sing
McCartney praised Aspinall for trademarking the Apple name worldwide , and called Aspinall " Mr. X " in the Apple Corps organisation .	Sing
On 30 August 1968 , Aspinall married Suzy Ornstein at the Chelsea Register Office , London , with Magic Alex as best man .	Sing
By the later part of the decade , Vero Beach was building 7,000 Cherokees per year .	Plur
In September 2010 , Piper announced the lay-off of an additional 60 production workers .	Sing
Sutherland played famous American Civil War General P.G.T .	Sing
He played an astronaut in " Space Cowboys " ( 2000 ) , with co-stars Clint Eastwood , Tommy Lee Jones and James Garner .	Sing
They adopted the name Gahanna as there was already another village in Ohio called Bridgeport .	Sing
Hilliard annually hosts a Fourth of July parade and has a moderately sized fireworks display that overlooks the west pool / municipal park .	Sing
Lastly , the northeast section contains the Mt .	Sing
The park has a one-acre fishing pond stocked with largemouth bass , bluegill , and channel catfish .	Sing
Upper Arlington annually hosts a Fourth of July parade and fireworks display , thanks to the efforts of members of the Upper Arlington Civic Association .	Sing
On August 25 , 1817 President James Monroe visited Worthington .	Sing
Unfortunately , he lacks Tom 's poise and composure in that seat , and his debut as an anchor is a failure .	Sing
A US post office called Gallipolis began operating there in 1794 .	Sing
Like many other early settlements in the Connecticut Western Reserve , Burton has a town square patterned after the village greens of New England .	Sing
The United States gained a cession of lands from the Choctaw and Chickasaw under the terms of the Treaty of Mount Dexter in 1805 .	Sing
Amtrak 's Crescent train connects Hattiesburg with the cities of New York , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , Charlotte , Atlanta , Birmingham and New Orleans .	Sing
In the summer of the 118th season , there occurred an incident called the Scarlet Mist Incident ( 紅霧異変 ) .	Sing
In 2017 , the school received $ 6m in building grants .	Sing
From 2016 until 2018 , the school received $ 18m in building grants .	Sing
He speaks both Slovak and Hungarian fluently , also with knowledge of Russian and English .	Sing
Amends the RHA 1968 to authorize additional shore damage mitigation activities for the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway .	Sing
For other uses see catapult . "	Sing
It commissioned the naturalist Louis Agassiz to conduct the first scientific study of the Florida reef system .	Sing
Large ships often have a long midsection with a uniform profile .	Sing
There , under the eye of the world 's greatest inventor , Ebenezer Saint , they are given free rein to invent whatever they want .	Sing
In 1860 , Zeng and his troops besieged Anqing and repeatedly fended off rebel reinforcements led by Chen Yucheng .	Sing
Zeng ordered Bao Chao to lead his unit to attack the rebels .	Sing
As the comedy duo plays air hockey every week , they are given a handicap of a ridiculous costume that hinders their ability to play .	Sing
A native of Canada , Casler married a plumber who opened a plumbing business in Buffalo , New York .	Sing
From 2006-2010 , de Souza played four off-seasons in Spain again for Ros Casares Valencia .	Plur
From 2010-2012 , de Souza played two off-seasons for Perfumerías Avenida Salamanca in Spain .	Plur
Any highly dynamic change of resource allocation might affect the intelligibility of voice or the steadiness of videos .	Sing
On its southeast side , the Scex Rouge overlooks the Tsanfleuron Glacier , the largest in the massif .	Sing
And none receive admonition except men of understanding .	Sing
The site contains numerous hearths and more than one hundred burial sites , suggesting a settled population .	Plur
The second remix features Style P 's D-Block cohorts Jadakiss and Sheek Louch , along with fellow American rappers Birdman , Drag-On and J-Hood .	Sing
The railroad operates on weekdays , reportedly around 7 : 00 to 10 : 00AM in the morning .	Sing
In April 1955 , Strategic Air Command took over Westover from MATS .	Sing
Starting in August , conducted worldwide airlift , including support for the Vietnam War , earning a Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross with Palm for its support .	Sing
The play received a well-reviewed remount by Retro Productions in 2011 which moved Off-Broadway in 2012 .	Sing
On 21 October 2009 , the play " The Runner Stumbles " made its UK Premiere at The Crescent Theatre in Birmingham .	Sing
CAMH stopped the clinical from accepting new patients and initiated an external review of the clinic 's practices .	Sing
Her parents and grandfather Cosimo sent her flasks of holy water as she recovered from her illness .	Plur
He joined Dumbarton as chief scout in 2015 , before leaving the club two years later to join Stranraer as head of recruitment .	Sing
The same year they formed Scalamandré Silks .	Plur
This action deliberately echoed Martin Luther 's famous nailing of The Ninety-Five Theses to the church door in Wittenberg .	Sing
To further peace education , the organisation also published " The Anglican Peacemaker " on a quarterly basis .	Sing
Car moldings include side body molding , lower body molding , door moldings , window moldings , footrest molding , mudflaps , etc .	Sing
Other important species on the island include the chestnut-collared swift and rufous-necked wood-rail , both of which are rare in the country .	Sing
In the 1250 Treaty of Landin , Barnim I conceded the Uckermark to John I and Otto III , Ascanian Margraves of Brandenburg .	Sing
" World at War " includes online multiplayer as well as local multiplayer .	Sing
The following two missions follow Rook as he fights in Bloody Nose Ridge and the caves inside it .	Sing
The final mission of this arc has Dawkins and his squad defending a town against German tanks .	Plur
After he does this T-34 support the ground troops .	Sing
The final mission of the game has Rook making an assault on Shuri Castle .	Sing
At the tenth house , Bellavia fatally shot an insurgent preparing to load a rocket-propelled grenade .	Sing
Bellavia chased the insurgent when he ran upstairs .	Sing
Milk , beets , and celery also naturally contain sodium , as does drinking water , although the amount varies depending on the source .	Sing
Condiments and seasonings such as Worcestershire sauce , soy sauce , onion salt , garlic salt , and bouillon cubes contain sodium .	Sing
With investors ' $ 250,000 , they had three oil rigs built , but all three were dry .	Plur
It ended up being a " gusher " and was producing 2,500 barrels of oil a day .	Sing
Cullen married Lillie Cranz in 1902 and had five children : Roy Gustav , Lillie , Agnes , Margaret , and Wilhelmina .	Sing
She represents Tigard and Southwest Portland in Senate District 18 .	Sing
It also adds a stalking misdemeanor as a qualifying offense , subject to firearm dispossession .	Sing
He sold the Old Corner Bookstore on November 12 , 1864 , and moved the publishing house to 124 Tremont Street .	Sing
In 1979 , Houghton Mifflin revived the Ticknor and Fields name as and imprint .	Sing
What did enable FCA to become useful was the dramatic reduction in the size of computers , coupled with a rapid increase in speed and storage .	Sing
The United States National Park Service used the FCI and other metrics to better manage its assets and set realistic goals .	Sing
Teammates Matt Kenseth and Carl Edwards followed Biffle .	Sing
Atlanta made Chipper Jones , a high school shortstop from the Bolles School in Jacksonville , Florida , the draft 's top pick .	Sing
Some historians such as Hunter-Blair identify the Outer Owers and Middle Owers as the landing place for Ælle .	Plur
It has three Sub-division Salbari sub-division , Salbari , Tamulpur Sub-division , Tamulpur and Mushalpur sub-division , Mushalpur .	Sing
His philosophical influences include Nietzsche and Taoism , along with the game of basketball and rock and roll .	Sing
Ragan , with assistance from Kvapil , passed Almirola for first place by taking the outside lane three laps later .	Sing
The pack drove three abreast on lap 63 , as Truex moved into first place on the 64th lap .	Sing
Earnhardt criticized NASCAR for finding a way to bring out the yellow flag .	Sing
In the jumping competition , Chamberlin rode the Thoroughbred Show Girl over a notoriously difficult course , and went away with the individual silver medal .	Sing
He later announced a re-examination of the rules , stating an independent party will be investigating the situation .	Sing
Carl Edwards used fuel mileage to sweep the season series at TMS .	Sing
A personal table , also called a TV tray , is a small table designed to be used by only one person at a time .	Sing
The automatic technology was later used successfully in more conventional lightships .	Plur
Åsne Seierstad first visited Chechnya in 1994 ( aged just 24 ) during the First Chechen War .	Sing
In 2003 , the United Nations described the Chechen capital Grozny as the most destroyed city in the world .	Sing
The " Manchester Guardian " reviewer described the " blurring of reportage and imagined scenes " as " sometimes uncomfortable " .	Sing
He purchased a lieutenancy on November 2 , 1835 , and was stationed in the British West Indies .	Sing
His troops defended Raleigh when Major General William T. Sherman marched through North Carolina .	Sing
In a single fund raising dinner , Carpenter hosted 200 local businessmen and received pledges for over a half million dollars .	Plur
The Mack family purchased the 300 Clifton and subdivided the house into several smaller living units .	Sing
Translated into English , it means " Dreams Live Forever . "	Sing
Jammala ( ) is a Palestinian town in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate , located 18 kilometers Northwest of Ramallah in the northern West Bank .	Sing
Telugu actor , writer Tanikella Bharani treats Mallikarjuna Rao as his guru and to his credit Mallikarjuna Rao introduced L.B .	Sing
In the early 2000s , around 90,000 tourists visited Mali each year .	Sing
While Indre Arna is relatively far from most of the city by road , an 8-minute train journey through Ulriken connects Indre Arna to the city centre .	Sing
His early influences include Spyro Gyra ( jazz ) , Shakatak ( jazz-funk ) , Frank Sinatra ( vocal jazz ) and Julio Iglesias ( Latin ) .	Sing
Notable members have included Curt Schilling , Veronica Belmont , Leo Laporte and Tom Merritt .	Sing
The El Masalla area of the district contains the ancient Masalla Obelisk , or Misalla ( , trans .	Sing
In 1723 he was awarded the " Ordre de Saint-Michel " for successfully treating the Infanta of Spain .	Sing
In the book " The Sitcom Reader " , Robert S. Brown called him a stereotype to African Americans .	Sing
This reduced set of inferences is termed the " prime implicates " by QCA adherents .	Plur
Catholic students at Brown University would create Phi Kappa Sigma ( not to be confused with the national Phi Kappa Sigma ) in 1889 .	Sing
Dow Chemical Company named Joanna Underwood to serve as part of its seven-member Corporate Environmental Advisory Council in the early nineties .	Sing
The complaint , captioned " Amnesty et al .	Sing
He also served as the Saints ' backup long snapper behind Justin Drescher .	Sing
She also appeared in the music video ' Glad You Came ' by The Wanted .	Sing
The other entries received wild-card invites .	Plur
He nearly led wire-to-wire , but struggled on the final three holes , all with water in play .	Sing
He had a birdie putt on the final hole to force a playoff , but did not convert .	Sing
The now defunct Los Angeles Herald-Examiner profiled MacDonald the following day as “ The Delegate Who Isn ’ t Spins a Yarn . ”	Sing
He also wrote " Cheat To Win – The Honest Way to Break All the Dishonest Rules in Business " ( Paradon Publishing 2005 ) .	Sing
On 8 October 2014 , Petković , along with teammate Saša Ognenovski were appointed Sydney FC 's vice-captains for the 2014 – 15 A-League season .	Plur
Born in Da 'an , Jilin Province , Wang joined the PLA in February 1968 .	Sing
Chinese folklore encompasses the folklore of China , and includes songs , poetry , dances , puppetry , and tales .	Sing
After being trained as an electrician Sauber became a car salesman in Hinwil , Switzerland .	Sing
The 2016 Formula One season saw Sauber back on the grid with financial troubles .	Sing
In July 2016 Longbow Finance , a Swiss investment company , bought Sauber Motorsport gaining complete ownership .	Sing
In 1880 , Etti gave for it the molecular formula CHO .	Sing
They are called Peranakan , or Baba for their menfolk and Nyonya for the females .	Sing
They speak a creole termed Baba Malay which is a colloquial form of Malay mixed with Hokkien words .	Sing
This group has the highest Chinese language proficiency of all three groups .	Sing
During the first 15 days of Chinese New Year , Malaysian Chinese will also toss Yee Sang to symbolise abundance for the coming new year .	Sing
Varieties not found in China include the spicy Nyonya rice dumpling .	Sing
A smaller number support Gerakan and the Malaysian Chinese Association ( MCA ) of the opposition Barisan Nasional coalition party .	Sing
Within five years they had conquered Northumbria and East Anglia , and forced Mercia to buy them off .	Sing
The East Anglian Danes joined Æthelwold in a raid on Mercia , reaching as far as the fortified burh at Cricklade on the border with Wessex .	Sing
The presence of nitric oxide also can increase angiogenesis , mitochondrial biogenesis , and cause muscle hypertrophy ; all of these traits are characteristic of icefishes .	Sing
This , in turn , sparked a rampage by angry Muslims , while the police failed to act .	Sing
Apart from FK Sarajevo , the group also supports KK Bosna Royal and RK Bosna Sarajevo .	Sing
Francophone elementary students attend École Saint-Paul in Lively .	Sing
The Red Pyramid , also called the north Pyramid , is the largest of the three major pyramids located at the Dahshur necropolis in Cairo , Egypt .	Sing
Seven OPP police officers also witnessed the UFO .	Sing
At any point in the bonus round , the player may trigger a tilt shake that rattles the table and affects the ball 's trajectory .	Sing
In May 2016 , Tony Joe White released " Rain Crow " on Yep Roc Records .	Sing
The overlying sediment will undergo compaction , causing an increase in density and therefore a decrease in buoyancy .	Sing
Normal faults create the crestal graben and propagate downward .	Sing
The rise and fall of Buddhist , Hindu , and Islamic kingdoms in Central Java has transformed Yogyakarta into a melting pot of Indonesian culture .	Sing
The Jakarta Cathedral with neo-gothic architecture in Central Jakarta also attracted architecture enthusiast .	Sing
Other members of the Temple followed Dower and LaDue to Halcyon from Syracuse , and made their living through farming , poultry , and handicrafts .	Sing
In 1993 Evans and Sutherland helped Japanese arcade giant Namco with texture-mapping technology in Namco 's System 22 arcade board that powered " Ridge Racer " .	Sing
The cyclone created the world 's largest wood stockpile which Gizmodo lists as containing 1 million cubic meters of wood as of May 2012 .	Sing
He played Alistair in " Open Season 3 " .	Sing
He married Christine " Sweety " Snyder ( née Ciccone ) in August 2005 .	Sing
Sky Sports broadcast the Conference Play-off final 2010 at Wembley Stadium .	Sing
In 2010 , Willis created " Cheyenne Cinnamon and the Fantabulous Unicorn of Sugar Town Candy Fudge " , a new television pilot for Adult Swim .	Sing
To illustrate , consider the natural deduction sequent :	Sing
It has both a 3-point seatbelt and a 5-point harness .	Sing
It beat the Bugatti EB 16.4 Veyron and the Pagani Zonda Roadster F in lap times around the Top Gear test track .	Sing
When individuals are free to choose between producer and scrounger , frequency dependent selection results in a stable mixture of both behaviors where each receives similar payoff .	Sing
He designated the representing functions χ ( y ) rather than ψ ( x , y ) :	Sing
The following demonstration follows Minsky without " the peculiarity " mentioned in the footnote .	Sing
Several people or things bear the name Aeschylus :	Sing
During that time , North Sydney produced arguably the greatest winger the game has ever seen in Ken Irvine .	Sing
New South Wales representative Queenslander , Bruce Walker , captained the Bears in the final of the 1976 Amco Cup .	Sing
A disgusted Darla flees L.A. and Angel reconciles with his friends , who eventually forgive him .	Sing
Angel also appears in " Buffy " season five 's " Forever " , comforting Buffy after her mother 's death .	Sing
In 2007 , Angel began appearing in two canonical continuations of " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " and " Angel " from Joss Whedon .	Sing
This prompts Buffy to destroy the Seed .	Sing
Meanwhile , Faith and Fred discover Drusilla in Magic Town , building a vampire army for Archaeus , who follows Angel back to London .	Sing
Yucca Valley High School used trimesters from the 1997-98 school year to the 2003-04 school year .	Plur
He helped the Moose to the 2009 Calder Cup Finals , where they were defeated by the Hershey Bears .	Sing
Fibers leaving these brainstem nuclei ascending to the inferior colliculus rejoin the lateral lemniscus .	Sing
The foundation has a distinct patrimony independent of its founder .	Sing
When the ships then sailed off in different directions , the chains grew taut , and the man in between was torn apart after a while .	Sing
With Dave established as President , Bob and Alan send Nance on a 12-nation goodwill tour of Africa and implicate him in a savings and loan fraud .	Sing
Bob forges Mitchell 's veto of a funding bill that includes the shelter .	Sing
Reitman then called Sigourney Weaver , with whom he had worked in " Ghostbusters " , for the First Lady role .	Sing
In his later years in Congress he vehemently opposed hydraulic fracturing to exploit the natural gas resources of the Marcellus Shale .	Sing
However , Hinchey opposed late-term abortions except where absolutely necessary to protect the health of the mother .	Plur
Hinchey , in August 2010 , voted yes on the " Offshore Drilling and Other Energy Laws Amendments . "	Plur
It also increases Federal Medical Assistance Percentages ( FMAP ) to states in need , and lengthens the period for states to increase their FMAP .	Plur
Following Lacanian feminists such as Luce Irigaray , Haraway ’ s work addresses the chasm between feminist discourses and the dominant language of Western patriarchy .	Sing
After these disasters the Romans appointed Fabius Maximus as dictator .	Sing
She cleared Tarawa the 24th and steamed to San Diego , where she arrived on 13 December to prepare for the invasion of the Marshalls .	Sing
" La Salle " left the atoll on 8 February for Pearl Harbor , then later made several reinforcement movements .	Sing
Transport aircraft would both carry paratroops and tow a glider with a second party of troops .	Plur
Hastings ' brother Brian Hastings joined Insomniac shortly afterwards .	Sing
They later named the creature Ratchet .	Sing
Sony recommended Insomniac to change its lizard antagonist because they were not fun to play with .	Sing
Microsoft allowed Insomniac to own the rights to the game .	Sing
She again posed nude for the July 2010 issue of the Mexican edition of " Playboy " .	Sing
The following day , Clinton telephoned Machado to thank her for her support .	Sing
In 2013 , after being diagnosed with breast cancer , Machado underwent a double mastectomy .	Sing
The inner main-belt asteroid 6434 Jewitt , discovered by Edward Bowell in 1981 , was named in his honor .	Sing
In 1941 , Robinson married his former student Julia Bowman .	Sing
He became a chorister at St Mark 's in Venice , where he learned several instruments , probably under the instruction of Giovanni Legrenzi .	Sing
Player can use a Patch to resolve the paradox .	Sing
The assassination of Count García Sánchez of Castile in 1028 allowed Sancho to appoint his younger son Ferdinand as count .	Sing
He also annexed Labourd , with its strategic port of Bayonne , but lost its coastal half to the English soon after .	Sing
His deceased younger sister Blanca , countess of Champagne , had left a son , Theobald IV of Champagne .	Sing
Jeanne also declared Calvinism to be the official religion of Navarre .	Sing
Mrs. Shouse bought Wolf Trap to offer her children a weekend retreat from their home in Georgetown , Washington DC .	Sing
In 1990 he led the Western Hemisphere Dialogue on Environment and Development which produced the report " Compact for a New World " .	Sing
A host of Kaurava warriors attacked Virata , presumably to steal their cattle , but in reality , desiring to pierce the Pandavas ' veil of anonymity .	Sing
Yudhishtira suggested King Virat to stay in palace and defend the kingdom by sending soldiers of Matsya kingdom to battlefield .	Sing
While Abhimanyu was leaving to Dwaraka , Uttara asked Abhimanyu to help .	Sing
When Abhimanyu 's arrows injured Bhishma , Bhishma asked Abhimanyu to get-out from his site .	Sing
Bhishma appreciated Abhimanyu since Bhishma failed to defeat Abhimanyu .	Sing
As soon as Abhimanyu entered the formation , Jayadrath , the ruler of Sindh blocked the other Pandavas , so that Abhimanyu was left alone .	Plur
In this way , many warriors attacked the sixteen year old Abhimanyu when he was unarmed .	Sing
In addition , the firm installed risers on the stage allowing musicians to both see and hear each other better .	Plur
The British and Irish governments recognize Jèrriais and Guernésiais as regional languages within the framework of the British – Irish Council .	Plur
It can withstand extreme lows ranging from .	Plur
The Youth Excursion Village accommodates campers for 400 yen a person and includes access to a good beach .	Plur
The jobs include Operation Scheduler , Range Warden , Crash / Fire / Rescue , and Motor Transportation .	Sing
It widens the railway station 's western footbridge and provide escalators , stairs and lifts to a partial deck over the River Aire in an iconic structure .	Sing
used the conditional entropy to characterize the uncertainty of ensemble predictions of the El Nino / Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) :	Sing
In the Netherlands , the compilation had a different track-listing to the other releases .	Sing
He painted large canvasses , gradually moving towards Tantric themes in his work , and often exploring a single concept over a series of paintings .	Plur
On 27 March 1795 he was named chef de bataillon ( major ) of the 1st Battalion of the 106th Line Infantry Demi Brigade .	Sing
Leaving Laval and a 2,000-man brigade to observe the Spanish right bank division , Suchet confronted Blake in the Battle of María on 15 June 1809 .	Sing
On 17 February 1814 he fought a skirmish with Joseph Klopstein von Ennsbruck 's Austrians .	Sing
He became a reformist socialist spokesman , opposed to all forms of violence and Marxist ideology , which he said was absurdly rigid .	Sing
He was also appointed Co-editor of " Korea Journal " published by the Korean National Commission for UNESO for 2015-2016 .	Sing
From there she reached Timor on 4 October and St Helena on 22 December .	Sing
She reached Macao on 25 March and left there on 2 April .	Sing
It also gives her burthen as 393 ( bm ) .	Sing
On 1 June 2014 Fluminense FC loaned Marcos Júnior out to EC Vitória until 31 December 2014 .	Sing
The ruling Prince of Monaco Albert II chose Oksana ’ s " Spheres of Good " installations to decorate Avenue Henri Dunant in the center of Monte-Carlo .	Plur
No curator is supervising co-creators .	Plur
In this series of paintings created in 2012 , Mas takes the spectator into her experience of seeing the world in a rhythmic , pulsating dimension .	Sing
Mas combines the spontaneity of an instant with a timeless validity that can never be obliterated .	Sing
Hazel 's attention-grabbing stunt explicitly parodied a 1992 " SNL " appearance by O 'Connor where she ripped up a picture of Pope John Paul II .	Sing
She accidentally insults Virginia 's thighs , resulting a trumped-up reality show " feud " between them .	Plur
And finally folks are using iTunes ... that ’ s great . "	Plur
In filming a sex scene between the two , they used a pillow to separate their bodies .	Sing
Thus , there definitely exist moats of arbitrarily large width , but these moats do not necessarily separate the origin from infinity .	Plur
The new rebel fought tyranny and injustice , inspired by the events surrounding the Revolutionary War .	Sing
The company also developed Equinox Tech Park , an information technology park in Bengaluru 's Electronic City area , which it ultimately sold to Infosys .	Sing
Among the parallel events organized in 2013 was a 12-hour program of free performances , master classes , and discussions on theRue des Lombards in Paris .	Plur
In 1878 he received his D.Phil .	Sing
" , which made Kuhl especially important .	Sing
He helped the Panathinaikos win both the Greek Cup title and the Greek Basket League championship in the 2016 – 17 season .	Plur
Civil society and governments have separate , but tangential , agendas .	Plur
He has a wife Marisol , whom he loves but has trouble putting above his work .	Sing
Shea uses Erica 's cellphone and messages him posing as her .	Sing
Shea uses Erica 's cellphone and messages him posing as her .	Sing
On his return to Paris in 1883 , he painted " Beaurepaire , la capitulation de Verdun , le 2 septembre 1792 " .	Sing
Other important works are " Rachel déclamant la tragédie de Phèdre , devant Alfred de Musset " and " L 'Heure du lait en Haute Alsace " .	Sing
In 1880 , Scherrer married Mathilde Haquette , a porcelain decorator at the Sèvres factory .	Sing
The larvae form pear-shaped galls on sallows ( " Salix " spp ) .	Plur
He represented Kindersley in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1925 to 1933 as a Progressive Party member .	Sing
" [ 4 ] Wells personally observed no infraction of discipline except this incident , and did not know what brought it on .	Sing
Tanikawa saw Galloway in jail , apparently before June .	Sing
The witness next saw Galloway in 1936 , at a disabled veterans ' post meeting in Sacramento , California .	Sing
He first saw petitioner shortly before the trial , examined him " several times . "	Sing
Each follows Kālidāsa 's Megha Dūta to a greater or lesser extent .	Sing
The northern terrace may have contained a bailey but that is uncertain .	Sing
In 1935 , he was elected Metropolitan of Făgăraş and Alba Iulia .	Sing
According to Bloomberg , by the beginning of 2013 market capitalization of Sat & Company made up $ 500 mln .	Sing
After the acquisition of the major stake in US based Net Element company he has got the honorable nickname " the first Kazakh at NASDAQ " .	Sing
He did a second hajj .	Sing
He subsequently founded the madrasah of " Rasuliya " , one of the first jadidi educational institution in the Urals .	Sing
The movement now espouses a strict and conservative Lutheranism , rejecting humanism and cultural radicalism as totalitarian ideologies incompatible with Lutheran piety .	Sing
The idea of God as love is considered a naive and dangerous idealism .	Sing
Examples of smaller and larger heaters are soldering irons , hand warmers ( such as the Jon-E or Zippo ) and space-heating appliances .	Plur
New Buildings railway station served Newbuildings , County Londonderry in Northern Ireland .	Sing
Londonderry Victoria Road railway station served Derry , County Londonderry in Northern Ireland .	Sing
In 2012 , Benjamin started a new conceptual music and multimedia project " Soundtracks to the movies that don 't yet exist " .	Plur
Benjamin has also a son Gur ( b. in 1985 ) from his first marriage .	Sing
In his work , Guarini cites Ugo de ' Pagani :	Sing
Turner mainly uses two basses for live performances with Jamiroquai , including a five-string Alleva Coppolo and a four-string 1966 Fender Jazz .	Plur
Bramantyo , who liked what he saw , asked Aristo to write a screenplay for a new film he was working on with Leo Sutanto of SinemArt .	Sing
He also wrote " Sang Pemimpi " ( " The Dreamers " ) , a film adaptation of the sequel to " Laskar Pelangi " .	Sing
Judging alongside her were Misha Gabriel and Andrew Veluz .	Sing
The civilian version did not have a decal on the front , and was made from lighter steel .	Sing
It had a lower quality liner and chin strap .	Sing
These included Bedford leaving its site in Regent 's Park , London and moving to the Holloway site .	Sing
Aubert founded the International Entente Against the Third International in 1924 .	Sing
He had taken Sambandar as his Guru and engaged himself in serving him and his devotees .	Sing
In 1845 , at the age of only thirteen , he entered the in Warsaw .	Sing
It consists of songs from previous albums Emotional Remains and Sundown , new recordings of some of his biggest hits , as well as new material .	Plur
Chloe Gordon designs the ready-to-wear while Parris Gordon creates all of the accessories for the label .	Sing
Patterns in the center include lilies and 6- or 8-leaf flowers with a central circle , pomegranate , palm leaf and clusters combined in a beautiful composition .	Plur
The ward also contains Linn Park and the Cathkin Braes .	Sing
The band also features two drummers Berndt Baumgartner and Peer Stappe and the bass player Jonas Bonnier .	Sing
He was also appointed Apostolic Nuncio for the city of Florence , which was then the capital of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany .	Sing
Lomax finally frees Nagase , throws his knife into the nearby river , and finally at peace with himself , returns to Britain .	Sing
Rachel Weisz was originally to play Patti , but had to drop out due to scheduling conflicts with re-shoots for other films .	Sing
From 1995 to 2000 , Barber was named an Established Investigator by the American Heart Association .	Sing
In 1998 , Barber was awarded the Innovation in Basic Sciences Award at the University of California , San Francisco .	Sing
John Paul II beatified Grillo in mid-1998 in Turin while on his visit there .	Sing
John Paul II beatified Repetto on 4 October 1981 at Saint Peter 's Square .	Sing
They urged Jayaprakash Narayan , Bimala Prasad Chaliha , and Michael Scott to end the shooting in the hills .	Sing
Canori received her Confirmation in Saint Peter 's Basilica on 5 July 1782 and Sister Riggoli was her godmother .	Sing
On 29 September 1809 she saw the Archangel Michael with a legion of angels .	Sing
Pope John Paul II beatified Haze on 21 April 1991 .	Sing
In the first half of 1948 he led Lokomotiv Moscow and in the second half of 1949 , Dinamo Yerevan .	Sing
In 1950 he coached the club Krasnoye Znamya Ivanovo .	Sing
Her childhood or adolescence did not demonstrate particular inclinations to faith or religion .	Plur
received the Positio and passed it to theologians who assented to its contents on 13 December 1988 with the C.C.S .	Sing
Pope John Paul II confirmed her heroic virtue and named her as Venerable on 13 May 1989 .	Sing
He attacked German " Albatros " and shot the enemy pilot	Sing
" Claudius Franciscus Gagnières des Granges	Sing
Claudius Franciscus Gagnières des Granges ( 23 May 1722 – 2 September 1792 ) was a French Jesuit .	Plur
It separates two long mountainous peninsulas , the 1,590 m high Napasorsuaq peak rising in the peninsula to the west of the fjord .	Plur
The 2014 season saw Overton become a regular selection for the first-team as he played 27 matches across all three formats .	Sing
During a County Championship match against Sussex in September 2015 , Overton abused Pakistani batsman Ashar Zaidi whilst bowling .	Sing
Pope John Paul II confirmed her heroic virtue and named her as Venerable on 9 June 1983 .	Sing
Areas within the ward include the Gorbals , Hutchesontown , Polmadie , Govanhill , Queen 's Park , Crosshill and Toryglen .	Plur
In the years 1966-1967 he led the club FC Zorya Luhansk , then became director of Lokomotiv Moscow .	Sing
He also managed FC Avanhard Ternopil .	Sing
on 14 December 1993 ; Pope John Paul II confirmed her heroic virtue on 26 March 1994 and named her as Venerable .	Sing
" In the Rain " featured Kristofer Åström .	Sing
Londonderry Cow Market railway station served Derry , County Londonderry in Northern Ireland .	Sing
Londonderry Foyle Road railway station served Derry , County Londonderry in Northern Ireland .	Sing
He led the December 1917 liturgy at which Iuliu Hossu was consecrated Bishop of Gherla and died the following month .	Sing
In 1988 , at age 14 , Larry O 'Connor began LRO Enterprises , a printer ribbon re-inking business , in his family 's barn .	Sing
In 1994 , O 'Connor renamed LRO Computers Sales " Other World Computing " ( OWC ) , which operates doing business as NCDC .	Plur
A few days later during another skirmish , he killed an emir and captured his horse .	Sing
In 1098 the crusaders took Antioch and successfully broke a countersiege by the Turks .	Sing
From 1953 to June 1954 he trained Metalurh Zaporizhya .	Sing
From 3 September 2012 to 22 February 2013 , Azteca 13 broadcast " Los Rey " , replacing " La Mujer de Judas " .	Sing
Tucson officials notified United Streetcar in May 2013 of their intention to assess contractual damages for late delivery .	Sing
He had a healthy and reasonable zeal for the cause of teaching linguistics and languages to Dutch speakers in South Africa and elsewhere in the world .	Sing
The postulation submitted the Positio in 1988 which allowed for theologians to approve it on 20 September while the C.C.S .	Sing
Pope John Paul II confirmed her heroic virtue on 18 February 1989 and named her as Venerable .	Sing
received the Positio in 1992 which would allow for them to commence their own investigation into the cause .	Sing
John Paul II beatified Mantovani on 27 April 2003 .	Sing
Once Alfonso takes the throne , he begins a systematic extermination of the numerous Horrors that continue to terrorize his kingdom after Mendoza 's assumed death .	Sing
It stars Raphaël Personnaz , Daniel Auteuil , Victoire Bélézy , Marie-Anne Chazel , Jean-Pierre Darroussin , Daniel Russo , Rufus and Nicolas Vaude .	Sing
Also , Afsaneh Bayegan received the diploma honorary of the 14th Fajr International Film Festival for her playing in this film .	Sing
As part of this process , he organized the resettlement of Braničevo .	Sing
They represented Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with their second single " Here for You " .	Sing
The song represented Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 .	Sing
They represented Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with their second single " Here for You " .	Sing
On his first appearance as a four-year-old , Anabaa Blue contested the Group One Prix Ganay at Longchamp over 2100 metres on 28 April .	Sing
In 2010 Dzhioeva joined Novosibirsk Philharmonia with which she sang " Four Last Songs " under Alim Shakhmametev 's conducting .	Sing
The 64-gun third rate and the 38-gun frigate captured " Friedland " off Cape Blanco , at the south end of Corfu .	Sing
He married Eliza Georgina Jane Proctor ( c.1830 – 31 August 1918 ) on 4 April 1852 .	Sing
At the end of 2014 , Fluidigm had a headcount of 500 personnel .	Sing
Variant transliterations into the Latin alphabet include Zaharia and Zaharije .	Sing
In 2003 , Romanyuta released his first full-length record entitled " Colors of the native land " .	Plur
He represented Moldova in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 .	Sing
The song represented Moldova in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 .	Sing
In 1977 , it was designated the 71st Signal Battalion ( Provisional ) .	Sing
In 2018 , 16 US companies became unicorns , resulting in 119 private companies worldwide valued at $ 1 billion or more .	Plur
The facade closely parallels the Palazzo Medici Riccardi of Florence built a few decades prior .	Sing
He attended Leland and Gray Seminary and graduated from Brattleboro High School in 1886 .	Sing
In 1903 he married Maud Emerson of Brattleboro .	Sing
Ice Cube left N.W.A in 1989 , due to a number of " financial disagreements " .	Sing
In 2009 he left the NAP and in 2012 he supported the candidate for Governorship of PRI .	Sing
In the collective agreements between Rolls Royce and Unite , each year of service gave employees an extra point against selection for redundancy .	Sing
Thus he became the 10th vaulter in history to clear 6.00 meters indoors .	Sing
It established the Legal Quays and appointed commissioners to designate such quays at every port in the realm .	Plur
Aldana faced Talita Bernardo on January 14 , 2018 at .	Sing
Foley married Christina Madeline Pianta at St Joseph 's Catholic Church , Capella in 1920 and they had three children .	Sing
She carried 18 long brass 9-pounders and two howitzers .	Plur
The Admiralty took " Sans Pareille " into service as HMS " Delight " .	Plur
Armstrong and Medley have cited Stevie Nicks , who wrote " Sara " , as a primary influence .	Sing
The resulting gold rush created the short-lived boomtown of Gila City .	Sing
The Michigan Department of Natural Resources operates six fish hatcheries and stocks game fish in many lakes and rivers .	Plur
Michigan has 13 Underwater Preserves to protect shipwrecks and natural features .	Plur
The opening of the Welland Canal allowed the sea lamprey and alewife to bypass the natural barrier of Niagara Falls .	Sing
Michigan has banned phosphorus in detergents and lawn fertilizers due to it causing algae growth .	Sing
Its post office had postmasters appointed up to October 1883 , but it was discontinued in August 1887 .	Plur
Tourist and locals in Arizona can visit Gillett by taking Interstate 17 ( I-17 ) North and exiting at Table Mesa Road .	Sing
The boat follows a depth contour to keep the towboard over a specific depth .	Sing
Ansaroff next faced Justine Kish at UFC 195 on January 2 , 2016 .	Plur
Ansaroff faced Randa Markos on July 28 , 2018 at .	Plur
From 13 March 1942 and until 2 September 1943 , Håkon Nilsen served on " B " -class submarine " B-1 " .	Sing
Unlike " Rainbow Six " , " Ghost Recon " usually takes place in larger , outdoor environments .	Sing
Couch met his wife-to-be , Maryanne Mooney , while he was a PhD student at ANU .	Sing
This list does not include any rebroadcasts of series , including those previously shown on " Masterpiece Theatre . "	Plur
Born in Osasco , São Paulo , Guilherme represented Portuguesa , São Paulo and Palmeiras as a youth .	Sing
Along the way from Volhynia through Polesie to Belarus , it fought both Bolshevik and German forces of the Ober Ost .	Sing
On August 15 , 1920 , the regiment captured Ciechanów , and then chased after the retreating forces of Hayk Bzhishkyan .	Sing
The regiment , which was part of Suwalska Cavalry Brigade , belonged to Independent Operational Group Narew .	Sing
In 1931 , he married Jadwiga née Zaremba , and in 1936 their son Jozef was born .	Sing
Sebastian also sang " Linger " and " Battle Scars " , performing Lupe Fiasco 's rap himself .	Sing
Bishop Verdon of Dunedin " plied the trowel " and carried out the ceremony .	Sing
The Evansville Purple Aces beat the Northern Arizona Lumberjacks for their first CIT championship .	Plur
Julio César Campozano and Gonzalo Escobar represented Ecuador in this edition , but lost in Quarterfinals to Colombians Nicolás Barrientos and Carlos Salamanca .	Sing
While on set , she refused to say Angoori 's catchphrase " " Sahi Pakde Hain " " ( " You got it right ! " )	Sing
He nabs Jordana and reveals to her and Vin that Lucas is an undercover cop .	Sing
Byun also created the make-up line Licht in 2009 , and has written three books .	Sing
During his governorship of the province , he was accused of bribery and even money falsification by an unknown statesman , but the charges were never investigated .	Sing
Immediately after his return , he was named beylerbey of Allepo .	Sing
In 1534 , he became beylerbey of Damascus , and , in 1535 governor of Egypt .	Sing
During his service in Egypt , the province saw such an economic blossoming that it even became suspicious to some .	Sing
After the Sultan heard of this , he appointed Rüstem Pasha as Grand Vizier instead .	Sing
She mistakenly trusts the villainous Ruiz , who coldly executes the mother of one of Arturo 's loyal rebels , Tomas .	Sing
Trisong Detsen built a pillar below the Potala Palace to commemorate his merit .	Sing
After some maneuvering , " Racoon " fired a broadside from her other side to try to destroy the brig .	Sing
In 1702 Captain William Robinson replace Sanderson .	Sing
On 7 February 1753 , Captain John Moore replaced Parry .	Sing
In fact , Ral-dependent branching implicated the phosphorylation of growth-associated protein GAP-43 .	Sing
The parapet has a raised centrepiece separated from the side pilasters by inverted semi-circular cut-outs .	Sing
The largest owners of country music stations in the United States include iHeartMedia , Cumulus Media , CBS Radio , and Townsquare Media .	Sing
During ProgrammableWeb ’ s time with Alcatel-Lucent , they documented over 8,000 APIs .	Plur
She was awarded the Cultural Worker by the Government of Mongolia in 2012 .	Sing
In August 1914 , after the outbreak of World War I , Katelbach joined Polish Military Organisation .	Sing
In December 1965 , together with wife , Katelbach left Munich and went to Seattle , where their daughter Nina Polan lived .	Sing
Properly designed , features of games can provide powerful affordances for motivation and learning .	Plur
It stars Kishore , Sree Raam , Pandi , Kuttymani , Thambi Ramaiah , Jaya Prakash , Pavani Reddy in pivotal role .	Sing
In 1955 general election , Wikana and Alimin represented PKI for Constituent Assembly .	Sing
On 22 September 1914 , he boarded the HMAT " Geelong " in Melbourne for Egypt .	Sing
Here they constructed sledges for conveying materials ashore .	Plur
In 1964 they established the cannery as a separate business ( now known as Golden Circle ) .	Sing
Educationalists accept internationalization in higher education ( HE ) as a way of broadening the academic experiences of students and academic staff .	Sing
During the colonial period , Batticaloa region was following Vannimai chieftainship same like Vanni region of northern Ceylon .	Sing
He became a confessed believer in Jesus Christ in 1991 , while in the eighth grade , and repented of being a gang member .	Sing
He also fuses traditional native musics to contemporary hip hop style and provides workshops and performances to raise the indigenous consciousness of tribal youth .	Plur
The Slaughter Lords approach Thane with an offer to join Mister Knife , but Thane has disavowed violence and become a minister .	Sing
Eventually Mister Knife locates the Black Vortex after visiting a Celestial graveyard .	Sing
Mister Knife allows the Brood to invade Spartax and use its citizens as hosts .	Sing
Gala takes away the Black Vortex .	Sing
The 1996 – 97 Liga Alef season saw Bnei Sakhnin and Hapoel Lod promoted to Liga Artzit as the respective winners of the North and South divisions .	Sing
Jolly holed a 9 footer at the 7th , despite being " partially stymied " .	Sing
Gupta joined the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh at the age of thirteen .	Sing
He succeeded Nirmal Kumar Singh .	Sing
Furthermore , he had lectureships at the Universities of Marburg , Würzburg and the Ruhr-University Bochum .	Plur
Its unusual foliage and long flowering period may make " M. cordata " an attractive and useful garden plant .	Sing
After the village of Zvezdets , the river valley grows wider , the inclination decreases , the water flow slows and the river creates many meanders .	Plur
In 1662 , she married the noble Niels Rosenkrantz ( 1627 – 1676 ) and had four children who all died in childhood .	Sing
It features a broad , one-story veranda encompassing the entire structure .	Sing
Cardinal Angelo Amato - on behalf of the pope - celebrated the beatification on 31 May 2014 .	Sing
In 1847 he had married Frances Georgina Armstrong and together had three children .	Sing
The Conservation Evidence group has a journal titled Conservation Evidence that was launched in 2004 to document the effectiveness of conservation interventions .	Sing
It was renamed 20 " Minensuchflotille " post-war .	Sing
Kerver apprehends Swift and leaves .	Sing
Together , Rottenberg , Kerver , and Russell kill Hogue and apprehend Hourani , foiling Franklin 's terrorist plot in Paris .	Sing
Rossborough made his Bellator debut against former professional boxer Raphael Butler on May 9 , 2014 at Bellator 119 .	Sing
The film starred Dev Anand and Nalini Jaywant with Balraj Sahni , David Abraham Cheulkar , Achla Sachdev and Manmohan Krishan .	Sing
The stream has one waterfall , which is known as Shingle Cabin Falls .	Sing
Meanwhile , Labour also gained Windle from the Conservatives .	Sing
The leaves around the base of the stem have well-developed sheath-like petioles about wide .	Plur
It has 9 to 29 spokes and is about in diameter .	Plur
Aaptos glutinans is a sea sponge belonging to the phylum Porifera .	Sing
Aaptos laxosuberites is a sea sponge belonging to the phylum Porifera .	Sing
Lim faced Pascal Krauss on August 31 , 2013 at UFC 164 .	Sing
He defeated Krauss by KO with a knee and follow up punches in the first round .	Sing
Lim faced Daichi Abe at UFC Fight Night 117 on September 23 , 2017 .	Sing
On November 18 , 2018 , Lim faced Igor Svirid at Double G FC 's inaugural event in Seoul , South Korea .	Sing
During the war , played some water polo and continued swimming , winning the national 100 m backstroke titles in 1941 – 1943 .	Sing
Dense spiny branches of tiny , toothed grey-green leaves bear racemes of white flowers at the tips in early summer .	Plur
It has survived the political upheavals in our country 's history and passed through several periods in its direction and management .	Plur
Aaptos suberitoides is a sea sponge belonging to the phylum Porifera .	Sing
Her successor Josef II prohibited the wearing of traditional Romani clothing and the use of the Romani language , punishable by flogging .	Sing
As he predeceased his father , he never ruled Albret .	Sing
They left rearguards at Samakh , at Tiberias and at Jisr Benat Yakub , all of which were captured by the Australian Mounted Division .	Plur
By 1831 , Taylor Wordsworth and Co employed about 100 householders , described as the ‘ highest class of mechanics ’ .	Plur
Returned to the Minho side for 2012 – 13 , Rodrigues initially represented both the A and B-teams , the latter competing in the second level .	Plur
In the Dewhurst Stakes he took on Frankel and Dream Ahead .	Sing
It developed the Seahorse , arguably the world 's first smartphone .	Sing
Since March 1997 , if a physician does not recertify every eight years , their board certification status expires .	Plur
In 2001 , Southern Railways renovated the footbridge at the level crossing at a cost of 400,000 .	Sing
The brown blowfly has a grey thorax and yellow-brown abdomen .	Sing
The site was launched on 1 March 2012 at Demo Asia , a launchpad for emerging technology in Singapore .	Sing
In 1987 , he founded the S & T AG .	Sing
Trivial cases of admissible triples include ( " r " , " s " , " rs " ) .	Sing
It made the Kuomintang ( KMT ) nervous .	Sing
He represented Kindersley from 1978 to 1989 as a Progressive Conservative .	Sing
Liu Bian then ordered Consort Tang to dance .	Sing
In 1962 , Dyck married Loretta Gawdun .	Sing
At the same time , he also invented the " wooden oxen and flowing horses " , a mechanical device which greatly improved the transportation of supplies .	Sing
Both he and Caitlin had their wakes in Browns after their funerals in 1953 and 1994 , respectively .	Plur
On their way , they met Lei Jyun-hou , Emperor of Western Xia who is suffering temporary amnesia and they become sworn brothers with him .	Sing
At a meeting in Tiszafüred , they forced the Government Commissioner Bertalan Szemere to depose the Polish general and put Artúr Görgei in command instead .	Sing
Windisch-Grätz chose the lesser of two evils .	Sing
Then Klapka ’ s troops attacked Major-General Franz Adam Grammont von Linthal ’ s brigade , chasing it towards Isaszeg .	Sing
said Gaurav Malani of Times Of India .	Sing
The Dominican Sisters purchased Lauriston in 1967 after Trinity amalgamated its whole prep school at Llandilo , further south on The Boulevarde .	Sing
The artwork of the album " Summoning the Bygones " won the Metal Riot 's June Ultimate Cover Art Showdown .	Sing
He bewildered the Indian batsmen .	Sing
The Baroque artwork includes putti and other figures in playful and bawdy acts .	Plur
" Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men 's 10 metre air pistol SH1	Sing
" Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 25 metre pistol SH1	Sing
" Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH1	Sing
" Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH2	Sing
He leads the Yakshagana puppet troupe Shri Gopalakrishna Yakshagana Gombeyata Sangha , based out of Kasaragod .	Sing
K. V. Ramesh learned Yakshagana puppetry from his father , K. Venkatakrishnaiah .	Sing
His family has performed Yakshagana puppetry for generations .	Sing
Her influences include Vidya Balan .	Sing
" Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 50 metre rifle prone SH1	Sing
He was appointed Honorary Physician to the Queen ( QHP ) on 25 September 1967 .	Sing
The tower replaced a day beacon that was built 1725 , and destroyed in a storm in 1768 .	Sing
He made his Eredivisie debut for the club on 10 August , in a 0 – 2 loss to NEC .	Sing
On 18 August 2014 , Ziyech joined Twente , signing on a four-year contract , and took the number 10 shirt .	Sing
In January 2017 , Azemi joined Regionalliga Nordost side Wacker Nordhausen .	Sing
The madrasa education system includes one fazil madrasa .	Sing
The same year he married Hedwig Eisner in Prague .	Sing
Rhadamistus then executes Mithridates and his sons , despite a promise of non-violence , and becomes King of Armenia .	Sing
The Georgians eventually ally themselves with the founder of the Persian Safavid Dynasty Ismail I and defeat the Aq Qoyunlu , putting an end to their invasions .	Sing
In August 1795 a 70,000 men strong Persian army crosses the Aras to secure vassalage of the Ganja and Erivan khanates before reaching its main destination .	Sing
On 8 June Ossetian rebellious militants captured Tskhinvali , which led to full-scale military operation by te Georgian Armed Forces and suppressing rebellion .	Sing
On 21 December rebellious parts of National Guard of Georgia led by Tengiz Kitovani and paramilitary organization Mkhedrioni entered Tbilisi .	Sing
Mars has a floating , mellow croon combined with sensual soul-rock arrangements .	Sing
The front also has a central pediment and the main entrance has an open Doric three bay colonnade .	Sing
Mary Pierce defeated Klára Koukalová 7 – 6 , 6 – 2	Sing
Batara Guru has a shakti ( consort ) named Dewi Uma and begat some children .	Sing
Its shell turned into Sang Hyang Maha Punggung , the firstborn .	Sing
Batara Guru offsprings in Javanese mythologies include Batara Sambu , Batara Brahma , Batara Indra , Batara Bayu , Batara Wisnu and Batara Kala .	Sing
They both left wills that survive today .	Plur
Yakut printers promised to find the right fonts , which would take into account the specifics of Dolgan language .	Plur
Other musicians he performed and recorded with include Cab Calloway , Billie Holiday , Bill " Bojangles " Robinson and Lionel Hampton .	Sing
He further embellished Hildesheim Cathedral .	Sing
He donated a benefice to fund the celebration of Corpus Christi .	Sing
Just four months later he completed " Must Destruction Be Our Destiny ? "	Sing
to explore the sustainability of energy , minerals , and food systems and how they interacted with population and environment .	Sing
He subsequently taught Gaelic and music at the Benbecula campus of Lews Castle College .	Sing
Port Pensacola , strategically positioned along the Gulf of Mexico , is Northwest Florida ’ s most diverse and business focused deep-water port .	Sing
2010 also saw McLoughlin complete her A Levels , which allowed her to take up a degree at Cardiff University .	Sing
She also improved her 100m personal best with a result of 14.68s at the German National Paralympic Championships .	Sing
Later in life , Rice recorded the books-on-tape narrations for Caedmon Audio .	Plur
It had Dalziel on 75 % of the decided voters , with Lonsdale on 21 % in second place .	Sing
It had Dalziel on 78 % of the vote , with Lonsdale on 19 % in second place .	Sing
" Horton Hatches the Egg ( film )	Sing
The aircraft left Lowry on 20 October 1943 for staging at Lincoln Army Air Field , Nebraska .	Sing
It featured dual-band GSM cellular connectivity , and was amongst the first devices released with GPRS support for data transfer .	Sing
On 13 July 2013 , De la Hoz joined Barakaldo CF in Segunda División B .	Sing
The 2004 issue of The Journal of Experimental Fiction called “ The Literary Terrorism of Harold Jaffe ” was devoted to his writings .	Sing
In 1987 , he joined Bedfordshire , making his debut for the county against Cambridgeshire at Fenner 's in the Minor Counties Championship .	Sing
He later joined Hertfordshire , making his debut for the county in the 1990 Minor Counties Championship against Northumberland at Osborne Avenue , Jesmond .	Sing
On Saturday December 9 , 2017 , Iron Solomon battled Rum Nitty at SMACK Vol.1 , which many are calling the battle of the year .	Sing
Connery collected an All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship medal following a 3-10 to 0-12 victory .	Sing
Cork subsequently faced Kilkenny in the All-Ireland decider on 11 September 1988 .	Sing
Nevertheless , " Baseball America " rated Asche as the Phillies ' seventh-best prospect after the 2012 season .	Sing
The Phillies designated Asche for assignment after the 2016 season , and he became a free agent .	Sing
The Mets signed INF / OF Cody Asche to a minor league deal on May 3 , 2018 , and assigned him to Triple-A Las Vegas .	Sing
According to his MLB.com biography , his hobbies include golfing , fishing , and completing crossword puzzles .	Sing
On 19 May 1683 he married Marie-Louise de Laval-Lezay , daughter of Guy-Urbain de Laval-Montmorency ( 1657-1735 ) , with whom he had two daughters :	Sing
The galaxy has a redshift measured at z = 0.051219 + / - 0.000123 , which corresponds to a distance of 705 Mly , or 216 Mpc .	Sing
The original artwork for the album featured Chisholm sitting in a black leather chair .	Sing
She has two fillies a yearling by Choisir and a weaning by Dream Ahead .	Sing
In May 1868 he married Emily Duffield .	Sing
This increased flow during the dry season would allow the Office du Niger to divert additional water from the river .	Sing
These structures often had a single exterior ornament in the shape of a starburst , boomerang , or pattern of rectangles .	Sing
Rough seas offshore Odisha caused two fishing trawlers to collide , resulting in 18 fatalities , while two additional trawlers were reported missing .	Plur
Other representations show Tezcatlipoca with his mirror on his chest .	Sing
One important body of myths describes Quetzalcoatl as the priest-king of Tula , the capital of the Toltecs .	Sing
He was also ranked 50th by his peers on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2017 and was named a Pro Bowl first alternate .	Sing
After Henry took the throne , he stripped Mowbray of the dukedom , and Mowbray died in exile shortly afterwards .	Sing
Mario Ančić defeated Michaël Llodra 7 – 5 , 6 – 4	Sing
Klára Koukalová defeated Lucie Šafářová 3 – 6 , 6 – 2 , 6 – 2	Sing
Cyril Suk / Pavel Vízner defeated Tomáš Cibulec / Leoš Friedl 6 – 3 , 6 – 4	Sing
Anabel Medina / Dinara Safina defeated Iveta Benešová / Nuria Llagostera 6 – 4 , 2 – 6 , 7 – 6	Sing
During the summer months , excursion boats from Ierapetra leave the quay every morning and return in the afternoon .	Sing
This involves the sharing of A-level courses with the aim of increasing the number of courses on offer .	Sing
He studied econometrics at the University of Amsterdam , where he received a Ph.D. degree " cum laude " in 1968 .	Plur
On 24 March 2011 , Oberoi married Jyothi Vynatheya , a strategy consultant with Dalberg Global Development Advisors .	Sing
Akshay first met Jyothi at Newark Academy .	Sing
Dale left National Geographic to pursue a blend of editorial and corporate and advertising photography .	Sing
Sun Quan then asked Gu Li , " Were you afraid of the river ? "	Sing
Kaburé won the Copa Tocantins in 1989 , 1991 , 1993 , 1994 and in 1996 .	Sing
Tom contacted Kev after he got his hand fixed because he wants the gold gun back .	Sing
The show has an ISAN assigned root ID of 137959 ( 0002-1AE7 ) except for the first episode of season three being 213433 ( 0003-41B9 ) .	Sing
His successor , Harlan F. Stone , appoints Hoover as director of the Justice Department 's new Bureau of Investigation .	Sing
That evening , Hoover tells Tolson that he cares deeply for him , and Tolson tells Hoover that he loves him .	Sing
Tolson accuses Hoover of making a fool out of him and they end up fighting on the floor .	Sing
Tolson suddenly kisses Hoover , who says that must never happen again ; Tolson says that it won 't , and tries to leave .	Sing
Hoover tells Gandy to destroy his secret files after his death in order to prevent President Richard Nixon from possessing them .	Sing
He visits Tolson , who urges him to retire .	Sing
Tolson accuses Hoover of having exaggerated his involvement with key events of the Bureau .	Sing
Moments later , Hoover tells Tolson that he needed Tolson more than he ever needed anyone else .	Sing
Shortly after Hoover goes upstairs , his housekeeper calls Tolson , who goes to the house and finds Hoover dead next to his bed .	Sing
She praises DiCaprio for conveying the tempo of Hoover 's speech .	Sing
The deckhouse also included a small arms locker , scuttlebutt , a small desk and head .	Sing
" M. mystacinus " lacks the P4 cusp and the protoconules on the molars , but " M. brandtii " has an even larger cusp on P4 .	Sing
He represented Rimouski in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1841 to 1843 .	Sing
In 1808 , Borne married Angélique Paquette .	Sing
On an APS-C body , the lens shows almost no vignetting , even at its maximum aperture , 5.6 , at 350mm .	Sing
Tiruchelvam also defended Junius Richard Jayewardene when he was threatened with expulsion from the United National Party .	Sing
Seefried was voted co-chair of the board of directors , making him the youngest at 26 to co-chair any major LGBT organization .	Sing
seals the breech to prevent escape of the expanding propellant gas .	Sing
Like her fellow gods , Artemis possesses shapeshifting and immortality .	Sing
seals the breech to prevent escape of the expanding propellant gas .	Sing
Johansen visited UCSD where he interacted with Robert Engle and Clive Granger during the years that the theory on cointegration was taking shape .	Sing
During this time , he acquired the nickname " Little Danny Coogan " due to his small stature .	Sing
On October 7 , 2017 , he joined Sochi of KHL .	Sing
During three years at Hahn , he flew F-102 Delta Darts and served as squadron operations officer and chief of maintenance .	Plur
Notable faculty include Vasant Lad , John Douillard and Sarita Shrestha .	Sing
Kenna then pulled a trifecta of sorts , when he passed for a third score .	Sing
In 1992 , Congress passed the " Amtrak Authorization and Development Act " requiring Amtrak to establish high-speed rail passenger service between New York City and Boston .	Sing
in 2009 ; they limited the taxon to Acteonoidea and Ringiculoidea .	Sing
General Mills retired the " Betty Crocker Catalog " in December 2006 and ended the premium program after 75 years .	Sing
In 1999 , he left Dimmu Borgir to concentrate on his career with The Kovenant .	Sing
DCA Trust submitted its first Amended Notice on 26 February 2016 .	Sing
The center also contains the Al Jazeera Media Training and Development Center .	Sing
When combined with findings in presynaptic dopamine function , most evidence suggests dysregulation of dopamine in schizophrenia .	Sing
Several studies have linked polymorphisms in DNA repair genes to the development of schizophrenia .	Plur
These studies , although still few in number , also found reduced fractional anisotropy in patient brains compared to control brains .	Sing
He married Florence " Dolly " Broughton of Tunstall Hall , Shropshire in 1889 .	Sing
seals the breech to prevent escape of the expanding propellant gas .	Sing
The MX-1353 and other programs developed the AN / FPS-6 , AN / MPS-10 , and other Cold War radars	Sing
She cites Nastia Liukin , Georgia Bonora , Shona Morgan and Emma Dennis as her influences .	Sing
He received a honris causa Ph .	Sing
This caused Gustafson to transfer to Columbia College Chicago .	Sing
In 1962 O 'Sullivan coached Sorrento in the Mornington Peninsula Football League .	Sing
In 2006 , Myers bought the Mississippi Stingers of American Basketball Association .	Plur
It features unique green terracotta watermelons in terracotta lozenges in a broad diamond , which represent the SOWEGA trademark .	Plur
When the outer surface is lightly charred , it is then taken off the grill , brushed with margarine , and sprinkled with sugar .	Sing
Architectural styles in the district include Mid 19th Century Revival and Late Victorian architecture .	Sing
He voiced Darien / Tuxedo Mask in the English dub of the " Sailor Moon " anime in 54 episodes of the first two series .	Sing
A conversation between the Berman brothers inspired Hawes and Steiner to create " M.T.A. "	Sing
Steiner married Arnold Berman and moved back to New York while he studied physics at Columbia University ( they divorced in 1954 ) .	Sing
The modern Romanian linguist Sorin Olteanu is also suggesting the form Ad Mutrius , with Mutrius possibly being the ancient name of Motru River .	Sing
On the territory of the castrum were discovered many sherds of Roman and Dacian origin , indicating that the Dacians had coexisted with Roman soldiers and settlers .	Plur
He died ( " of angina pectoris " ) in Los Angeles 4 Dec 1927 .	Plur
By 1920 , the company had 11 powerhouses .	Plur
He developed " Pond 's Extract " , to be used as a " healing tea " , from the bark of witch hazel .	Sing
The district includes the southern four-fifths of Indianapolis , including downtown .	Plur
In August 2010 , Martin upset an undefeated Christopher Avalos at the Grand Casino in Hinckley , Minnesota .	Plur
On January 6 , 2012 , Ramos fought Raymundo Beltran in the headline event of Showtime 's ShoBox .	Sing
Thus the doctrine avoids pantheism while partially accepting Neoplatonism 's terms and general concepts , but not its substance ( see Plotinus ) .	Sing
Chuning has a new fiancee , the Hainanese Sailor Fu Yongbing ( Zhu Houren ) .	Sing
She won the Best National Costume .	Sing
Later represent Panamá in the contest Miss Caraïbes Hibiscus in Saint Martin .	Sing
Both these methods use a Laser beam profiler to measure how much power is delivered to a given area .	Sing
The main symptoms include shortness of breath and cough with sputum production .	Plur
Of those who smoke , about 20 % will get COPD , and of those who are lifelong smokers , about half will get COPD .	Sing
The inflammatory cells involved include neutrophil granulocytes and macrophages , two types of white blood cells .	Plur
Less common conditions that may present similarly include bronchopulmonary dysplasia and obliterative bronchiolitis .	Sing
They reduce shortness of breath , wheeze , and exercise limitation , resulting in an improved quality of life .	Sing
Germán raised Gloria in his household with his wife Beatriz .	Sing
A fragment of a dedicatory inscription still in situ within the castle mentions " Het ‛ um . "	Sing
She played the young Carmela Corleone in The Godfather Part II ( 1974 )	Sing
Zora told Branko that the police were investigating him for stealing food .	Sing
It connects Ajmer in Rajasthan with the capital of Telangana .	Sing
The river also feeds the Ullackalie Lagoon .	Sing
The second person Kozyavin met was a violinist , who played a composition .	Sing
Kozyavin asked the violinist if he saw Sidorov .	Sing
The train has standard LHB rakes with max speed of 130 kmph .	Plur
He coached Lokomotiv Moscow , Central African Republic	Sing
Much speculation surrounded Anfield at the end of the season regarding who would be joining Liverpool and who might be leaving .	Sing
After a two-hour search , Arun and Chand tell Tashi and Anjali to stop ; Arjun is probably dead .	Sing
Anjali calls Reena , a BNTV reporter in Everest base camp and Arjun 's former lover .	Sing
Arun tells Tashi and Chand to prepare to descend , and Anjali 's dreams are shattered .	Sing
Arun asks Chand to find his wife .	Sing
He finds Tara in the ice , and he and Arun mourn her .	Sing
Ramesh asks Aakash to bring a sarpech to the summit ; he refuses , and Ramesh halts the climb .	Sing
As he could not proceed with either of them individually , Gowariker combined the two themes into one , creating the theme of " Everest " .	Sing
The hospital offers NICU and PICU services .	Sing
On 22 April 2012 , the song entered Svensktoppen .	Sing
SBS has " Inkigayo " , KBS has " Music Bank " , MBC has " Show !	Sing
The following year it absorbed the 3rd Surrey RVC ( first commissions 26 August 1859 ) , also based at Camberwell , which became No 2 Company .	Sing
The two battalions were later designated 1 / 21st and 2 / 21st Londons .	Plur
losing a steady trickle of key personnel .	Sing
The heavy casualties suffered by the BEF necessitated a major reorganisation in early 1918 .	Sing
The following officers commanded the 2 / 21st Bn :	Sing
It absorbed the 23rd Reserve Bn ( former 3 / 23rd ) in September 1916 .	Sing
On 1 May 1943 , 6 AA Bde was redesignated 102 AA Bde and transferred from AA Command to the GHQ Reserve .	Sing
By March 1944 it had joined 40 AA Bde in 2 AA Group .	Sing
Shortly after D-Day , the Germans began launching V-1 flying bombs , codenamed ' Divers ' , against London .	Plur
He married Selina Richardson in 1873 ; they had two sons .	Sing
In 2014 , Rapps put out the single " The Sky 's on Fire " , produced by Belief and featuring vocals by Adrienne Mack-Davis .	Sing
During his innings of 53 Indian captain Virat Kohli became the fastest batsmen in terms of innings to reach 6000 career ODI runs .	Plur
He pioneered the Clean and Green Project coincidentally , with the same objectives of Swatchch Bharat Mission .	Sing
He runs a poultry monthly magazine Kozhi Nanban till date .	Sing
The south front has a colonnade , of fluted Doric columns , onto a courtyard around which the house is built .	Sing
Then came a Prelude and Etude of Chopin and Brahms ' Intermezzo and Rhapsodie .	Sing
Its melody repeats the chime of the church bells of the Konevsky Monastery in Lake Ladoga .	Sing
Soon after this , in July 2002 , Rios left 7 Angels 7 Plagues , and Jesse Zaraska , Compromise 's vocalist , took his place .	Plur
Matthew Matera has started a Mastering and Recording Company called American Modern Studios , located in both Chicago and New York City areas .	Sing
In 2013 , the Government of India honoured Reema Nanavaty with the fourth highest civilian award , Padma Shri .	Sing
Callow adamantly opposes fulfilling the demand .	Plur
He used Kickstarter to raise two-thirds of what would be a final budget of $ 30,000 .	Sing
He picks up a shard of glass and cuts into the back of his hand where the " Hot Shot " temporary tattoo remains .	Sing
At his audition , Bing hides the glass shard in his trousers and pretends that he has already drunk Cuppliance by showing them the empty container .	Sing
Bing angrily rants about the system they live under , talking about the heartlessness and artificiality of it .	Plur
At the time , Huq was presenting " The Xtra Factor " , a reality series companion show .	Sing
Jessica Brown Findlay plays Abi , having finished working on historical period drama " Downton Abbey " .	Sing
After six-months in Kosovo the three locomotives left Kosovo and returned to the United Kingdom by sea .	Sing
Customers could also buy the FV in Bare chassis form and obtain specialist bodywork from an appropriate supplier .	Sing
The Austin featured a horizontal grill while that on the Mrris was in the shape of an upside down heart .	Sing
After he died in June 1934 , Peterson assisted Goren " especially at bridge teachers ' conventions " ; " in seminars for 35 years " .	Sing
Instead , Mensiro joined Örebro SK on 19 November 2013 , signing a two – year contract .	Sing
In year one , students follow an Academic Core of multidisciplinary courses and academic skills which are problem-based throughout .	Sing
The Morris FE featured a more modern front grill than the earlier vehicle , however .	Sing
Customers could also buy the FV in Bare chassis form and obtain specialist bodywork from an appropriate supplier .	Sing
In 2004 , he founded Healthcare Human Factors at University Health Network , which applies human factors engineering methods to problems of healthcare delivery and patient safety .	Plur
Pleased , Vishnu appeared here in the form of Varaha , a boar , killed the demon .	Sing
In his dying wish , the demon king asked Vishnu to turn towards his direction ; Vishnu obliged .	Sing
The central shrine houses the presiding deity Varaha ( Bhu Varahaswamy ) .	Sing
The Muslim devotees thank Allah to have brought Bhu Varaha Swamy to their place .	Sing
Malmö FF beat Assyriska 3 – 0 in the opening group fixture at Malmö IP on 22 February 2015 .	Sing
In the last group match Malmö FF faced Jönköpings Södra at Malmö IP and won 4 – 0 on 7 March 2015 .	Sing
These results positioned Malmö FF top of the group table and the club advanced to the quarter-finals .	Sing
Measuring gross nitrogen mineralization , and nitrification by N isotopic pool dilution in intact soil cores .	Sing
On 25 March 2012 , the song entered Svensktoppen .	Sing
Katter 's Australia Party , by winning a third seat in Hinchinbrook , achieved its largest swag of seats , since its inception in 2011 .	Sing
LNP MP Steve Dickson also joined the crossbench following his defection to One Nation .	Sing
On 6 May 2012 , the song entered Svensktoppen .	Sing
Yugo-Vostochny ( masculine ) , Yugo-Vostochnaya ( feminine ) , or Yugo-Vostochnoye ( neuter ) means South-East and may refer to :	Sing
It has almost no wall-sharing whatsoever , with cells scattered across the underside of a leaf .	Sing
Dominant individuals in " P. jacobsoni " nests , for example , will cow subordinate wasps into submission as they crawl through their nests .	Plur
Undeveloped ovaries of those least dominant females appear white and thread-like with no sign of egg reabsorption , demonstrating the young age of a female wasp .	Plur
Approximately a year later , Palmbomen II released " Center Parcs EP " , a dreamy IDM album cowritten with fellow Dutch producer Betonkust .	Sing
He worked on TV shows such as " Divorce Court " , " The Osbournes " , and " America 's Next Top Model " .	Sing
The State Highway 48 passes through Narakodur , that connects Guntur and Chirala .	Sing
Together with Mount Ayanganna , 37 km to the north , Wokomung constitutes the easternmost tepui reaching above 1500 metres .	Plur
When Giordano became an editor at DC Comics in 1980 , DeCarlo became an inker in his own right .	Sing
She joined Convoy EN 12 / 1 , which sailed on 26 October and arrived at Oban , Argyllshire on 30 October .	Sing
She was carrying PoW mails bound for Lisbon , which was reached on 2 August .	Plur
The convoy reached Bône on 29 April , but she put into Algiers on 28 April .	Sing
After losing to Suriname in the semi-finals , Bonaire defeated Aruba in the 3rd place match 2-1 .	Sing
At the age of 12 , she joined the Ensemble de l 'Harmonie de Charleroi with whom she toured Canada for a month .	Sing
Ek Phaali Rodh ( A Ray of light ) had its World Premiere at the Shanghai International Film Festival in June 2014 .	Sing
Jonckhèere received the Prix Becquerel of l 'Académie des Sciences in 1943 .	Sing
Tregillus later started up his own flour milling and brokerage business , operating from his home in Freemantle , a suburb to the west of Southampton .	Sing
In 2013 Maesschalck received a doctorate " honoris causa " from Hasselt University .	Sing
Male abdomens have large punctures separated with a rough surface of tergum 2 whereas females have small punctures and a smooth surface of tergum 2 .	Plur
Common insects that prey on wasps include praying mantises , dragonflies , centipedes , beetles and moths .	Plur
Spiders will also capture wasps in their webs and eat them .	Plur
Birds that regularly consume bugs will also eat wasps .	Plur
The Mali cobra ( " Naja katiensis " ) , also called the Katian spitting cobra , is a species of spitting cobra found in West Africa .	Sing
He married Florence Eliza Rayner ( died 4 October 1953 ) of Canowie on 28 July 1886 .	Sing
A lifelong Republican , he represented Waterbury in the Connecticut State Legislature , 1865 .	Sing
Kuusela played in the top-tier level Finnish basketball league , the SM-sarja , winning multiple Finnish League championships during his club career .	Sing
In 1858 the partnership of Kent and Weinholt , which owned adjoining properties , sub-leased Jondaryan , managed by James C White .	Sing
At the same time the same group launched profanities against local ethnic Greeks and slogans against Serbia and Greece .	Plur
In 2000 she was awarded the Garrick / Milne Prize for theatrical portraiture .	Sing
This joins the covered walkway described above .	Sing
The gable roof has timber finials at each end .	Plur
Further trouble hit the Lancia of Taruffi , when his sprung an oil leak and he soon retired .	Sing
He married Frances Louisa Durnford around 1891 at Surry Hills ; they had three children .	Sing
The first coalmines in the district included Sugarloaf Colliery , Kingsthorpe Mine , Balgowan Colliery , Willaroo Mine and the Acland Coal Company Limited Mine .	Sing
Elsewhere , skip haulage and hand-picking became obsolete but at Acland these methods continued to be used until the mine 's closure .	Sing
The skips comprise a simple metal bin mounted on tram wheels .	Sing
On entering the pithead , one of the tramlines crosses a weighbridge .	Sing
The interior of the hut contains three battery chargers used to recharge batteries used in the miners ' lamps .	Plur
An enclosure near the number three portal contains a mechanical loader and a mechanical coal cutter .	Sing
In 1958 , fourteen of the oldest headstones were renovated by Bruce Bros monumental masons of Toowoomba .	Plur
He married Ursula Loughnan in 1913 .	Sing
He coached Prahran in 1933 but became ill later in the season and died at the age of 31 late the next year .	Sing
Active clubs at the school include academic decathlon , ASB , AVID , cheer leading , dance , drama , Relay For Life , and Solar Cup .	Sing
On 3 June 1922 he married Florence Staub .	Sing
In 1905 , Camillo Karl Schneider described " Berberis petitiana " based on a plant collected by Quartin Dillon and Petit in Menisa , Ethiopia .	Sing
The barrel vault has shaped battens with decorative holes .	Plur
The dormers , barrel vaults and gable ends also have timber finials .	Plur
On 16 December 1865 he married Louisa Smedley ; they had twelve children .	Sing
He married Cecelia Maria Drummy ( 1900-1969 ) in 1923 .	Sing
The building has a V-shape with porches at the ends , affording all rooms views of Squam Lake , on whose shores it is located .	Sing
In 1973 he defeated fifth-seeded Manuel Orantes in the second round of the singles event at the French Open .	Sing
The four columns support a frieze and cornice surmounted by a concave section with pediments on each face .	Sing
The gene spans approximately 20 kb and contains 20 exons with the first exon being noncoding .	Sing
Participants received either aglucosidase alfa or a placebo every other week for 18 months .	Sing
Because of early spread and inherent resistance to anticancer drugs , patients have poor prognosis .	Sing
Testicular choriocarcinoma has the worst prognosis of all germ-cell cancers .	Sing
Major cities within a range of Mainpuri include Agra , Delhi , Bareilly , Meerut , Firozabad , Shikohabad , Etawah , Gwalior and Kanpur .	Sing
The Agra Lucknow Expressway connects Mainpuri to Lucknow .	Sing
Other kinds of media that are used include SSDs , magnetic tapes , and optical discs .	Plur
For example , a software installation may write program binaries , libraries , and configuration files .	Plur
root user ) may authorize the mounting of file systems .	Sing
Apple also uses the term " Mac OS Extended " for HFS + .	Sing
This includes Hodgkin 's lymphoma , non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , testicular cancer , ovarian cancer , and cervical cancer among others .	Sing
" Thetis " left Birkenhead for Liverpool Bay to conduct her final diving trials , accompanied by the tug " Grebe Cock " .	Sing
Lieutenant Frederick Woods , the torpedo officer , opened the test cocks on the tubes .	Plur
Because the outer escape hatch remained partially open it rendered the escape chamber inoperative , preventing the escape of any other crew members .	Sing
On 20 February 1943 , " Thunderbolt " shelled the Albanian sailboat " Villanzen Veli " off Bari .	Sing
Eventually " Zebra " fired a carronade at the bow of the galley , dismounting one of the galliot 's four guns .	Sing
The strong swell then broke up " Cambrian " .	Sing
Commander Edmund W. Gilbert replaced Wheatley in October 1828 .	Sing
On 26 September 1840 , " Zebra " joined " Benbow " and the sixth rate to cover an attack on Tortosa .	Sing
HMS " Warspite " was an first-class armoured cruiser , launched on 29 January 1884 and commissioned in 1886 .	Sing
The ship visited Coquimbo in March 1900 .	Sing
Notable commanders of this vessel include Sandy Woodward .	Sing
Quoted by Admiral of the Fleet , The Lord Fieldhouse GCB , GCE probably during the Falklands War :	Sing
In April 1915 the Admiralty requisitioned " Alcantara " and her " A-series " sisters , and " Andes " to be armed merchant cruisers .	Sing
At 0915 hrs at a range of 6,000 yards " Alcantara " ordered " Greif " to stop for inspection , which she did .	Sing
British actors include Tara Fitzgerald , Charles Dance and Anna Massey .	Sing
Roche served as Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Edmonton — Strathcona from 1972 to 1979 and for Edmonton South 1979-1984 .	Sing
The regular European release had Edison ( as the jester was jokingly named as " Eddie 's Son " ) bursting out of a man 's stomach .	Sing
The tear involves the mucosa and submucosa but not the muscular layer ( contrast to Boerhaave syndrome which involves all the layers ) .	Sing
This may improve dysphagia and pain .	Sing
In 1912 , he married a young schoolteacher , Victoria Iuga .	Sing
Class represents the superclass and implements a method call .	Sing
Again , the agents provide the indirection and class agnostics required to make the co-variant relationship with SHAPE as decoupled as possible .	Plur
Richard then kills Maxine and stages a robbery to frame Aiden , who is subsequently charged with murder and attempted murder .	Sing
While Gail tells them that she loves them , she puts the scissors in Sarah 's hands .	Plur
In 2004 and 2007 they produced The Chaser Decides which won the Logie Award for " Most Outstanding Comedy Program " for the 2004 series .	Sing
" CNNNN " won the 2004 Logie for " Most Outstanding Comedy Program " .	Sing
The show was titled The Chaser Decides and ran at the timeslot of Thursday from 24 September 2004 to 14 October 2004 .	Sing
Cautley defeated Stephen Lunn Müller by 54 votes to 40 .	Sing
During late July , the group undertook the innovative Reels By Rail Tour , using rail transport to destinations in the eastern states .	Plur
The EP did , however , have one original , " The Bombs Dropped on Xmas " , co-written by Mason , Newham , Ansel & Shalvey .	Sing
Their next single ( Jan. 1987 ) was a cover of the old Edison Lighthouse hit " Love Grows ( Where My Rosemary Goes ) " .	Sing
In 1810 , he married Alice Roper ( 1790 – 1862 ) in [ [ Liverpool ] ] , with whom he had four children .	Sing
In that election he defeated Theodore Haultain .	Sing
This sign implicates possible malignancy of the gallbladder or pancreas and the swelling is unlikely due to gallstones .	Sing
Other cause includes malignancy of the CBD ( i.e .	Sing
However , Ormond demanded the Attorney-General relentlessly to view the documents of his findings .	Sing
When he eventually yielded and went through the documentation , sighting the grave miscarriage of justice , he immediately postponed the hanging pending a full investigation .	Sing
He met future bandmate Julian Casablancas while attending the Lycée Français de New York at the age of six , and learned to speak fluent French .	Sing
Glen catches a splinter and leaves a small amount of blood behind .	Sing
Al throws a stereo at the construction worker and he disintegrates into dozens of little demons .	Sing
In 1750 The Bons offered the unfinished palazzo to Giambattista Rezzonico .	Sing
Rezzonico paid 60,000 " ducats " for the unfinished building .	Plur
In 1752 , the accidental dropping of a piece of marble caused the scaffolding to collapse , dropping five stone masons to the ground below .	Sing
The ceiling frescoes represent The Triumph of Virtue , by Jacopo Guarana .	Sing
Examples include the spearhead of King Fuchai and the sword of Prince Guang .	Sing
Scruton embraced conservatism after witnessing the May 1968 student protests in France .	Sing
After passing his 11-plus , he attended the Royal Grammar School High Wycombe from 1954 to 1962 .	Sing
The 1980s established Scruton as a prolific writer .	Sing
The separation into " quads " also allowed ATI to design a system to optimize the efficiency of the overall chip .	Sing
RV410 also significantly outgunned NVIDIA 's GeForce 6600GT ( 3 vertex shaders ) on geometry throughput .	Sing
ATI revealed " Temporal Anti-Aliasing " , a new anti-aliasing technology their chips were capable of .	Sing
The railroad added another trainset using sleeping cars borrowed from the " Chief " to handle the demand for passage aboard the train .	Sing
On 1 March 2002 , communal frenzy enveloped Vadodara .	Sing
National Human Rights Commission ( NHRC ) visited Vadodara on 8 July to examine documents related to the case .	Sing
The NHRC moved a Special Leave Petition in the Supreme Court on 31 July 2003 asking for a retrial outside Gujarat .	Sing
At the same time , the committee gave a clean chit to social activist Teesta Setalavad of the charges of inducement levelled against her by Zahira .	Sing
Harrop invited the striker for a trial at Colchester United and he was signed by the club .	Sing
Robson watched LuaLua before deciding to negotiate the transfer , and said , " I see [ LuaLua ] as a special talent .	Sing
Following his injury spell at Olympiacos , LuaLua joined Qatari based club Al-Arabi on a one-year contract in July 2008 .	Sing
FitzGerald married Frances Erskine Draper on 22 August 1850 , and soon afterwards quarrelled with her father .	Sing
During his time in England , he was offered governorships of both British Columbia and Queensland , but his ill health prevented him from accepting .	Plur
Earlier in his life , Elliott had written " A Poet 's Epitaph " , setting out the poetic programme for which he wished to be remembered :	Sing
He also scored another spot-kick in Portsmouth 's famous 2 – 0 victory over Manchester United in October 2004 .	Sing
They controlled Upper Egypt up to Elephantine and ruled Middle Egypt as far north as Cusae .	Sing
Launching titles included " Air Master " , " Interlude " , and " Slam Dunk " .	Sing
McKellar 's threat to withhold funding for purchases of uranium had a much deeper meaning though .	Sing
As such Truman selected Alben Barkley of Kentucky as his running mate in the 1948 presidential election .	Sing
Gore defeated McKellar for the Democratic nomination in August in what was widely regarded as something of an upset .	Sing
As of , all thirty MLB teams have reached the LCS at least once .	Plur
They recruited Jacek Perkowski for the bass player position after months of searching , and by February 1988 the trio started rehearsing together .	Sing
At the same time , in 1964 several Southern politicians , and states , supported Republican Barry Goldwater for President over the Democratic incumbent Lyndon B. Johnson .	Sing
Also in 1954 , John W. Thompson , Jr. replaced S.H .	Sing
Metal Mind Records purports to have obtained a license from Nuclear Blast to re-issue this limited edition digipak .	Plur
RAF Brampton was renamed Brampton Camp and became a satellite unit of RAF Wyton .	Sing
Such an event demoralized the Yugoslavs , as the Dutch took the initiative .	Plur
The sacking meant the bringing in of Vladimir Petrović to the job .	Sing
Serbia beat Moldova in Belgrade with goals from Aleksandar Kolarov , Aleksandar Mitrovic and Mijat Gacinovic .	Sing
Tom Landry , the head coach of the second-year Cowboys , made the gamble to acquire him , looking to perfect his ' Doomsday Defense ' .	Sing
He countered an argumentation by Langdon Winner concerning the politics of artifacts illustrated by Robert Moses ' bridges of Long Island Parkway .	Sing
Parrish amassed an extensive résumé of television credits .	Sing
Within two weeks she had created " STOP ! "	Sing
She supported and campaigned for a former police lieutenant named Tom Bradley who was then the city 's first black city councilman .	Sing
Following the end of the war , Japanese officials advised General MacArthur that no Winds signal was ever sent relating to the United States .	Sing
He also co-starred in the short-lived sitcom " Grandpa Goes to Washington " with Jack Albertson .	Sing
He also married ( and divorced ) Vana Tribbey , Melissa Gallant , and Susan Hagan .	Sing
The first road linked Bom Sucesso to the municipality of Itararé A second riad was opened in 1948 and linked it to the city of Itapeva .	Sing
Mike Ashley describes " Medusa " as Visiak 's " premier achievement " .	Sing
Kara asks Bowen to help overthrow Einon , but the disillusioned knight refuses .	Sing
They then surround Bowen , Kara , and Gilbert , declaring to make " them " their meat instead .	Sing
While trying to free Draco , he begs Bowen to kill him and end Einon 's reign .	Sing
Johnson then met the up-and-coming Liam Neeson and the two hit it off , with Johnson noting how Neeson could be both brooding and funny .	Sing
The lake gets crowded on the weekends with lots of people both inside and outside the bars .	Plur
The stand also holds the TV gantry .	Sing
In 1915 he became a physicist for Eastman Kodak Company at Rochester , New York .	Sing
When working for Eastman Kodak he investigated photographic emulsions and the design of wide-angle lenses for astronomical use .	Plur
Mackillop mixed " Destination Anywhere " , " What You Say " , " Head Up " and " Counting Stars " .	Sing
As a noun , from medieval French roots , it signifies " tumult , commotion ; confusion " or an " armed battle or conflict " .	Sing
It leaves the conurbation via the suburb of Wollaston , descending fairly rapidly from the West Midlands plateau to Prestwood .	Sing
The Stour then bisects Kidderminster from north to south .	Sing
Richard Foley established one of the earliest slitting mills at the Hyde , Kinver in 1627 .	Sing
In 2015 Lord Coe 's presidency of IAAF created turmoil when major sponsors Adidas terminated a multimillion sponsorship deal four years early .	Sing
This put the self-financed amateurs of the Western countries at a disadvantage .	Plur
Soon after the state 's formation , its National Olympic Committee approached the IOC , seeking recognition , but there was still much animus towards Germany .	Sing
The run-up to the 1960 Rome Olympics had seen tumult in South Africa , including the Sharpeville massacre and a crackdown on the African National Congress .	Sing
The year 1968 had seen turmoil in the United States , including riots and the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King .	Sing
Brundage 's longtime factotum , Frederick Ruegsegger , described a different , tranquil , Brundage , whom he compared to an abdicated Japanese emperor .	Sing
They lack the uniformity of design found in magatama produced in later periods .	Sing
He led Coe in the 800m and appeared to be on his way to gold , before being surprisingly caught by the East German Olaf Beyer .	Sing
On March 28 , 1981 , Norm Dicks attended the christening of the USS Bremerton ( SSN 698 ) along with Washington State Senator Henry M. Jackson .	Sing
On May 8 , 2008 , Norm Dicks voted yes on H.R .	Plur
In addition to fines , preliminary punishments involve the seizing of unlicensed copies and the devices on which the copies are stored .	Sing
On June 20 , 2008 , Representative Dicks voted yes on the controversial FISA Amendments Act of 2008 .	Plur
In answer to his prayer , a youth arose from the Agnikunda ( fire-altar ) — the first Agnivansha Rajput .	Sing
He held the WBO middleweight and super-middleweight titles , and is ranked by BoxRec as the fourth best British super-middleweight boxer of all time .	Sing
Eubank won an eliminator for his old title against Jose Ignacio Barruetabena , as well as a win over Bruno Ruben Godoy .	Sing
His collection of vehicles included a customised Harley-Davidson and a huge American Peterbilt 379 truck cab – the largest lorry in Europe .	Sing
At one time he owned the only Hummer in Britain .	Sing
Guests included Linford Christie , John Fashanu , Lennox Lewis , and Naseem Hamed .	Sing
Eubank also has a son Nathanael Wilson .	Sing
He had driven a beer lorry which was being unloaded away from a place where he considered it to be causing an unreasonable obstruction .	Sing
This later absorbed Lye and Wollescote Urban District Council , and in 1965 much of Amblecote .	Sing
Other tenants in the centre included Subway , Timpsons and Explore Learning .	Sing
Common side effects include sleepiness , poor coordination , and an upset stomach .	Plur
Alcohol may increase the drowsiness caused by diphenhydramine . < ref name = " urlDiphenhydramine and Alcohol / Food Interactions - Drugs.com " > < / ref >	Sing
Since 2002 , the U.S. FDA has required special labeling warning against use of multiple products that contain diphenhydramine .	Sing
This motif contains a short anti-parallel beta-sheet , two zinc-binding loops and a central alpha helix in a small domain .	Sing
Primordial follicles contain oocytes that are at an intermediate ( prophase I ) stage of meiosis .	Plur
Yvonne D ’ Arcy won her case against US-based biotech company Myriad Genetics in the High Court of Australia .	Plur
He faced Democratic Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth in the general election .	Sing
In February 1998 , Kirk met Kimberly Vertolli , a Naval Intelligence Officer , while the two were on duty together at the Pentagon .	Sing
It describes the local curvature of a function of many variables .	Sing
The determinant of the Hessian at is then called the discriminant .	Sing
Then one may generalize the Hessian to formula _ 17 .	Sing
( Zury Ríos has also used the combined parental surname Ríos Sosa ; her personal website uses the hybrid married form " Ríos-Montt de Weller " . )	Sing
The scorecards at the time of the stoppage favoured Vaca .	Sing
At the time , Mills was ranked 9th best middleweight in Britain , and Sadd 2nd .	Sing
Mills broke a metacarpal in his right hand during the fight .	Sing
At its most effective , the so-called left hook had an upward uppercut-like trajectory .	Sing
After the loss to Ali , Cooper fought former heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson , but was knocked out in the fourth round .	Sing
Unwilling to see if the relationship can be salvaged , he leaves Excalibur .	Sing
The Leader , almost dead , commands an C-17 down onto the Hulk , ultimately killing Wisdom / Leader .	Sing
The arm had wharves at Hordley , Dandyford , Pedlar 's Bridge , Shade Oak and Weston Lullingfields .	Plur
It is considered Mulisch 's masterpiece and was voted best book in the Dutch language in a 2007 poll among the readers of " NRC Handelsblad " .	Sing
Onno calls the child Quinten .	Sing
( In the movie , Gabriel sends the meteor , even after Angel complains and explains that they still need Max . )	Sing
Onno takes Quinten on a tour through Rome .	Sing
The waterway links Llangollen in Denbighshire , north Wales , with Hurleston in south Cheshire , via the town of Ellesmere , Shropshire .	Sing
British Waterways maintains a gravel shoal immediately upstream of the marina entrance past Llangollen Wharf .	Sing
This maintains a draught which most narrowboats cannot pass , but which is passable by the shallow draughted trip boats .	Sing
On the night of the 14th her lookouts sighted the wakes of two torpedoes heading for the submarine .	Plur
" Mackerel " made her last dive on 21 July 1972 .	Sing
Except for the first 25 early development pre-WWI subs , she was one of the smallest operational submarines ever built for the U.S. Navy .	Plur
On 15 August 1973 , the U.S. Navy donated " Marlin " for use as a museum ship .	Sing
In recent years , his largest corporate donors have included Eli Lilly and Company , AT & T Inc. and Reynolds American .	Sing
Argent Energy also acquired a Biodiesel Refinery in Amsterdam in November 2018 .	Sing
In the 1944 patriotic film " Meet the People " , Lahr uttered the phrase " Heavens to Murgatroyd ! "	Plur
She and a cousin toured the Midwest , singing and tap-dancing in vaudeville shows .	Sing
He led the Squires into the Eastern Division Finals , where they lost to the Rick Barry-led New York Nets in seven games .	Plur
With UCLA defensive legend Bill Walton waiting in the post , Erving threw down a vicious slam dunk over Walton 's outstretched arms .	Sing
However , Stevenson contacted Erving in 2008 and they finally initiated a further relationship .	Sing
Danone also manufactures Yakult in India under a 50 : 50 partnership .	Sing
The Danone Institute International in collaboration with the American Society for Nutrition and the International Osteoporosis Foundation also organizes the Yogurt in Nutrition Award .	Sing
It is one of the four component parties of the government coalition in Malaysia called the Pakatan Harapan ( PH ) .	Sing
He formally declared Anwar the leader of the 3-party opposition alliance .	Sing
In Sarawak state elections , Dominique Ng , a lawyer and activist , won in the Padungan constituency in Kuching , a majority Chinese locale .	Sing
Russell led USF to NCAA championships in 1955 and 1956 , including a string of 55 consecutive victories .	Sing
Besides basketball , Russell represented USF in track and field events .	Sing
However , Boston 's chances of getting Russell seemed slim .	Sing
The owner of St Louis called Auerbach later and demanded more in the trade .	Sing
In Game 1 of the Eastern Division Finals , the Celtics met the Syracuse Nationals , who were led by Dolph Schayes .	Sing
But Russell and little-used fifth forward Gene Guarilia successfully pressured Baylor into missed shots .	Sing
L.A. now featured new recruit Wilt Chamberlain next to perennial stars Baylor and West , and were heavily favored .	Sing
It derives its toponym from the River Thame which flows along the north side of the town .	Sing
The Civil War in the 1640s saw Thame occupied in turn by Royalists and by Parliamentarians .	Sing
In 1940 Willocks McKenzie , a local lorry driver , found a small hoard of late Mediæval coins and rings beside the River Thame .	Sing
The Crown placed the hoard on permanent loan to the Ashmolean Museum .	Sing
Thame Runners Club organises the popular Thame 10k each June , 33 years running .	Sing
One week later , the submarine was patrolling off Kavieng when she spotted smoke on the horizon .	Sing
Richter succeeded Johann Pachelbel at the city 's largest church , Sebalduskirche ; Wilhelm Hieronymus took Richter 's former position at St. Egidienkirche .	Sing
Every smooth surface " S " has a unique affine plane tangent to it at each point .	Sing
A pseudogroup structure requires that τ be a " symmetry of the model space " for each " t " : τ ∈ " G " .	Sing
So θ defines a g-valued differential 1-form on " M " .	Sing
Then a Cartan connection is a formula _ 9-valued 1-form " η " on " P " such that	Sing
Thus Cartan geometries are deformed analogues of Klein geometries .	Plur
He had signed the Boston Petition supporting minister John Wheelwright , who had been censured for a sermon .	Sing
Upon returning to Manhattan , in 1645 Underhill was elected a Selectman to the Council of New Amsterdam .	Sing
On 27 December 1657 , thirty townspeople of Flushing signed the Flushing Remonstrance protesting this ban .	Sing
( " See : Pequot War # Controversy about the war " ) .	Sing
Necaxa abandoned the Liga de Ascenso and returned to First Division fall 2010 season .	Sing
Aguascalientes also has important racetracks for the car and motorbike races at a national and international level .	Plur
Instead of conducting trade , the Dutch seized the sachem and appealed for a substantial amount of ransom for his safe return .	Sing
The Pequots quickly sent bushels of wampum , but received only Tatobem 's dead body in return .	Plur
Now their friend Roger Williams urged the Narragansetts to side with the English against the Pequots .	Plur
On April 23 , Wongunk chief Sequin attacked Wethersfield with Pequot help .	Sing
The state capital , also called Campeche , was declared a World Heritage Site in 1997 .	Sing
Notable elevations include Cerro Champerico , Cerro los Chinos , Cerro El Ramonal , Cerro El Doce , and Cerro El Gavilán .	Sing
It has the hottest and most humid climate in Campeche with wildlife and vegetation similar to that found in both the Rainforest and Coast regions .	Sing
During the French Intervention in Mexico , forces under Felipe Navarrete took Campeche and forced the state to rejoin the rest of the Yucatán .	Sing
Forces loyal to Venustiano Carranza entered Campeche in 1914 .	Sing
However , Campeche 's main economic change come with the discovery of oil off its shores in a shallow water region called the Sonda de Campeche .	Sing
The latter also has a heliport and there are twenty five over air strips in other parts of the state .	Sing
It replaced the Peerage of England and the Peerage of Scotland , until it was itself replaced by the Peerage of the United Kingdom in 1801 .	Sing
Militarized Interstate Disputes ( MIDs ) , in the Correlates of War Project classification , are lesser conflicts than wars .	Plur
However , as noted earlier , research has also found a peacefulness between democracies when looking at lesser conflicts .	Sing
130 , which was originally delivered in 1914 , contains wood paneling and is decorated with many quotes from Caen .	Sing
The Battle of Seven Oaks in 1816 threatened a further escalation of violence between North West Company and Hudson 's Bay Company servants .	Sing
According to the accompanying story , the chief recognized Rowand , apologized , and turned away .	Sing
The Otter mounted a single Bren as did the Universal Carriers used to transport the Scout and Assault Troops .	Sing
Not to be denied , the soldiers commandeered a mule and continued the race arriving in the village just as troops from 1st Infantry Division did so .	Sing
Strømnæs led XU from occupied Oslo for the rest of the war .	Sing
Ferguson had not reached Wa in his travels , but had been to some towns under the control of Gonja .	Sing
The stern launching system requires just a single crewmember to remain on deck to launch or retrieve the boarding party .	Sing
A Catholic mission was established in 1906 - the White Fathers ( " Pères Blancs " ) , a French group made up of French Canadians .	Plur
The site also contains a grotto and accommodation facilities .	Sing
The adults eat carbohydrates such as nectar , honeydew , and fruits .	Plur
They form a tight , smothering ball around the attacking hornet and kill it by asphyxiation .	Sing
They have smooth stingers that can be used multiple times .	Plur
The Bhera or Bhairavi joins the Damodar , falling from a height of .	Sing
The Bhera river coming from over the Ranchi plateau makes a waterfall while joining the Damodar and thus presents an example of a hanging valley .	Sing
Other songs received new intros or outros .	Plur
In 2011 , Chong married Nathan Ulrich .	Sing
The regiment also mobilized the 34th Fort Garry Horse Overseas Training Depot , CEF , on 15 June 1917 .	Sing
He was appointed Postmaster General in 1968 , and was the last surviving cabinet-level Postmaster General at the time of his death .	Sing
He had been offered the U.S. ambassadorship to Australia by Richard Nixon , but declined so as to be able to spend more time with his family .	Sing
In 1853 Hornby married Emily Frances Coles ( sister of Captain Cowper Coles ) , with whom he had three sons and two daughters .	Plur
Some recent initiatives have developed flagships based on the conservation value of particular areas or species .	Plur
He made his K-1 debut the next year and won his first K-1 World Max champion title in 2005 .	Sing
Both organizations help the switchover not to affect the business of over 20 National and over 150 regional broadcasters .	Sing
Suzuki was nicknamed the " Japanese Blond Bomber " because of his blond-dyed hair ( the original blond bomber was legendary German striker Jürgen Klinsmann ) .	Sing
They provide enhanced ergonomics so the user does not have to press their fingers against sheet metal .	Plur
This includes Bewick 's swans , wigeon , gadwall and shoveller .	Plur
In Northern Ireland , it follows the A6 from Derry to Randalstown , then the M22 and M2 to Belfast .	Sing
In Scotland it follows the M8 from Glasgow to Edinburgh .	Sing
E16 meets the European route E39 in Bergen and the European route E6 at Gardermoen .	Sing
She contacted the incarcerated serial killer G.J .	Sing
Radio Armonía became the concessionaire in 1972 and was awarded the FM combo station in 1994 .	Sing
He ordered Slocum to send the XII Corps in support .	Sing
On the Confederate right flank , Jones 's brigade of Virginians had the most difficult terrain to cross , the steepest part of Culp 's Hill .	Sing
Steuart 's regiments on the left occupied the empty breastworks on the lower hill and felt their way in the darkness toward Greene 's right flank .	Plur
General Slocum , observing from the distant Powers Hill , believing that the Confederates were faltering , ordered Ruger to retake the works they had captured .	Sing
It sorts chunks that each fit in RAM , then merges the sorted chunks together .	Plur
It then recursively does a formula _ 2-way merge on those sorted lists .	Sing
This causes many smaller reads rather than fewer larger ones .	Plur
In contrast to Fairbanks , Alaska on a similar parallel , May is a subfreezing month and June is chilly considering the perpetual daylight .	Sing
This unequal treatment however did not stop the abolitionists from their fight to win justice for all people .	Plur
In this case , the artist will construct a tracking matte to follow the actor through the scene , blocking that information from the tracking process .	Sing
Irish has no infinitive and uses instead the verbal noun .	Sing
Some verbs do not follow the conjugation of the subjunctive exactly as above .	Sing
Most markets got at least two VHF allocations .	Plur
Parotid swelling can be an uncommon symptom of extrapulmonary tuberculosis ( TB outside of the lungs ) .	Sing
Mumps resolves on its own in about ten days .	Plur
Eben encounters Jennie at intermittent intervals .	Sing
It widened the gulf between Christie and Lockwood .	Sing
Thomas Kinkaid , COMSEVENTHFLT ( MacArthur 's naval commander ) disapproved Dealey for the Medal of Honor on the grounds that he had already been honored adequately .	Sing
Then Hellas-Jet leased two other used A320s , this time with CFM engines .	Plur
This allowed direct dialing without requiring the person to first contact the switchboard operator .	Sing
In 1976 , Cretney advised Feldman of an available lectureship in law at the University of Bristol .	Sing
In 2004 , he was appointed Rouse Ball Professor of English Law at the University of Cambridge , and a Fellow of Downing College , Cambridge .	Sing
He reached La Punta de Manzanillo on Panama 's upper Caribbean coast before having to abandon his effort .	Sing
His troops , many of whom had gone adventuring in the hopes of obtaining gold , asked De Bastidas for a share .	Sing
The Clan Mackenzie and Clan Munro defeated the invading Clan MacDonald of Lochalsh .	Sing
Toronto Croatia finished three points shy of a postseason berth and was unable to defend the championship .	Sing
These additions helped the team recover and finish third in their conference , gaining a postseason berth .	Sing
In the first round of the playoffs they defeated the Brampton Hitmen 4 – 3 in a penalty shootout .	Sing
In the postseason Croatia beat Laval 1 – 0 but were defeated in the semifinals 1 – 0 by Italia Shooters .	Sing
As of July 2014 sukuk.com listed fifteen sukuk on the secondary market for Gulf Sukuk .	Sing
Another major rating agency , S & P , downgraded the sukuk of Dubai Islamic bank and Sharjah Islamic Bank .	Sing
pay creditors less ) , claiming that debt they had issued was not in compliance with sharia .	Plur
This makes the sukuk " so similar to conventional debt instruments that it is difficult to tell one from the other " .	Sing
In June 2012 , Kazakhstan finalized its debut sukuk which will be issued by the Development Bank of Kazakhstan ( DBK ) in the Malaysian market .	Sing
Pakistan issued a sukuk of $ 1 billion to fund a trade deficit with a yield of 5 % .	Sing
Turkey issued its debut sukuk in October 2012 .	Sing
As of January 2015 , NASDAQ Dubai has listed 18 sukuk valued at a total $ 24 billion .	Sing
Instead of Rika Ishikawa , the group featured Asami Konno and Miki Fujimoto , who are both Morning Musume and Hokkaidō natives .	Sing
Born in Meaux , France , Thévenin entered the École polytechnique in Paris in 1876 .	Sing
She studied Sociology ( specialising in political sociology ) at the University of Geneva ( Switzerland ) .	Sing
At the same time , he cut value-added tax ( VAT ) in restaurants to 13 percent from 23 percent .	Sing
He used the same pretense as the Germans did : to prevent the enemy from recovering soldiers that would shortly fight again .	Sing
Call this space-time path " P " .	Sing
Asimov describes the re-entry in several stories as " The ship winked into existence ... " .	Sing
The power granted to whoever in the universe controls Arrakis and its spice is an ongoing theme of the series .	Plur
He signed a six-year , $ 12 million contract .	Sing
In the 2004 European Elections , she was elected MEP ( 2004-2007 ) , and was appointed leader of the PASOK Parliamentary Delegation in the European Parliament .	Sing
If the condition is not satisfied , the transaction manager will wait until another transaction has made a " commit " that affects the condition before retrying .	Sing
Other applications and networks offering similar service and growing in popularity include Kiyo , Streamzoo , Path , PicsArt and Starmatic .	Sing
The Scott Foresman editors brought Barnhart in to explain Thorndike 's proposal after which the project was approved .	Sing
In London , he boxed and performed slapstick in the Freedman Pickaninnies , an African-American troupe .	Sing
Before Robeson arrived , however , a mob attacked the concert-goers with baseball bats and stones .	Plur
The 2006 movie " Flyboys " loosely portrayed Bullard and his comrades in World War I .	Sing
These are outboard powered motorboats in three different models : Antares cabincruisers , Barracuda seafishing boats and Flyer consoleboats .	Plur
On December 9 , 1936 , Jeffra first met the reigning World Bantamweight champion Sixto Escobar .	Sing
On September 15 , 1941 , he defeated Lou Transparenti at the Colliseum in Baltimore in a twelve-round Unanimous Decision .	Sing
Their son , Logan Pearsall Smith , became an essayist and critic .	Sing
The channel broadcasts hip-hop , rap , R & B , rhythmic pop and EDM / Dance music videos .	Sing
Trains operate every five minutes ( Monday-Saturday daytime ) around the Liverpool city centre loop to Moorfields , Liverpool Lime Street and Liverpool Central .	Sing
For scheduled services , Aeroejecutivos used the Douglas DC-3 while charter services used leased planes , including jet aircraft .	Sing
The failure of these expeditions highlighted the inadequacies of the provincial forces , and the Massachusetts assembly appealed to London for aid .	Plur
In 1650 he joined the Fronde , and was one of its leaders with his brother Turenne .	Sing
Frédéric Maurice married Eleonora Catharina Febronis , Countess of the Bergh .	Sing
He finds Scorpio , explains the situation , and asks what to do .	Sing
Whoever plays the 2 keeps that point for their team ; no player may ' win ' the 2 .	Plur
The rugged central part of the Buttes has a stony , brown sandy loam of variable depth and good-to-somewhat-excessive drainage .	Sing
James Dwight Dana explored the buttes on 16 Oct. 1841 , while part of the United States Exploring Expedition .	Plur
The terms of the Deed of Conveyance include the stipulation that the donated land be used for supervised public educational access , not for private use .	Sing
He was elected an MEP in the 2004 general elections , and he was the youngest Hungarian MEP then .	Sing
Merseyrail listed the re-opening of the station as a ' top rail project ' during a presentation on rail development and delivery in November 2016 .	Sing
Logan Pearsall Smith became an essayist and critic .	Sing
Other features of this transitional series included the Spur gear rear axle from the ZIM and the manual 3-speed gearbox from the Pobeda .	Sing
For eurozone members there is the Stability and Growth Pact which contains the same requirements for budget deficit and debt limitation but with a much stricter regime .	Sing
He received the Premio Adonáis de Poesía in 1982 for " El jardín extranjero " .	Sing
It seems there 's plenty more room at the table , and there , " Witches of East End " currently looks like the most fun . "	Plur
He lets Minoru in , killing Nonomura in the process .	Sing
The community elected the first Bahá 'íLocal Spiritual Assembly in 1955 and an independent National Spiritual Assembly in 1977 .	Sing
On the morning of 8 March , Shawaf sent two Furies to Baghdad on an aerial bombing raid .	Plur
For the latter , see Persecution of Bahá 'ís .	Sing
‘ Abdu 'l-Bahá met Fujita in Chicago and Yamamoto in San Francisco .	Sing
Jamal Effendi visited Karachi in 1875 on one of his trips to parts of Southern Asia .	Sing
Muhammad Raza Shirazi became a Bahá 'í in Mumbai in 1908 and may have been the first Bahá 'í to settle , pioneer , in Karachi .	Sing
In 1921 the Bahá 'ís of Karachi elected their first Bahá 'í Local Spiritual Assembly .	Sing
On February 23 , 1999 , the Miami Fusion signed Maier as a discovery player .	Sing
Other English-language writers include short story writer Marti Mollel .	Sing
In Pakistan , Heavy Industries Taxila have been producing the Prime Mover V3 in a joint venture .	Sing
The auction was called " The Artistry of the Guitar " .	Sing
Risan also owns an authenticated Maltese Falcon prop from the 1941 Warner Bros. film production directed by John Huston and starring Humphrey Bogart .	Sing
7-Oxa-13-prostynoic acid promotes erythrocyte lysis and dissolution of erythrocyte membranes .	Sing
At that ceremony , he was made a Cardinal-Priest and was assigned the titular church of San Romano Martire .	Sing
Joseph first saw Dun when he was playing a show with House of Heroes .	Sing
Wells provided additional synths , keyboards and programming .	Plur
The clubs shares a boathouse on the River Cam with the college boat clubs of Corpus Christi , Girton and Sidney Sussex .	Sing
He had previously managed Al Ahli , and after being unattached for a year , was chosen as the head coach of Al Sailiya in January 2013 .	Sing
He organized the poor Shi 'ites of Sadr City , yet another nickname for the Shi 'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad , against Saddam and the Baath Party .	Plur
Iraqi forces also shelled Nasiriyah after local protesters attacked a government building .	Sing
Armand Peugeot appointed Doriot as director of Peugeot 's Paris factory and new showroom on the Avenue de la Grande Armée .	Sing
His remixes Narcotic Thrust – I Like It ( DJ Sender Remix ) , Full House France , and Sandy W feat .	Sing
Kendrick married a Miss Crow of Wateringbury .	Sing
These include " An Essay on Musical Harmony " ( 1796 ) and " An Essay on Practical Musical Composition " ( 1799 ) .	Sing
Activating a Zyudenchi 's while installing it in a weapon , the Kyoryugers invoke a Brave Charge .	Sing
As he is originally from the Sengoku period , he uses old honorifics used by samurai , such as .	Plur
A befitting idol , he retains his elegance during the fight .	Sing
Dogold gets a thrill from destruction , discharging an electric current from his body as well as fighting with the Seven-Branched Sword-like .	Sing
In the process , he loses the gemstone he took from Europe .	Sing
After Deboth 's death , due to Debo Hyogakki 's Freeze-cry Tactic , Aigallon discards his sadness in favor of rage with his tears evaporating into steam .	Sing
The Buffalo Bills selected Alonso in the second round ( 46th overall ) of the 2013 NFL Draft .	Sing
On August 26 , 2014 , the Buffalo Bills placed Alonso on the reserve / non-football injury .	Sing
On March 10 , 2015 , the Buffalo Bills traded Alonso to the Philadelphia Eagles in exchange for running back LeSean McCoy .	Sing
Head coach Adam Gase named Alonso the starting weakside linebacker to begin the regular season .	Sing
He started alongside strongside linebacker Lawrence Timmons and middle linebacker Mike Hull .	Plur
In contrast , many participants on Al Jazeera TV criticized Gaddafi for agreeing to disarm just days after Gaddafi made his decision .	Sing
When the Redfern Legal Centre was established in March 1977 , South Sydney Council offered the town hall rent-free and it has been its home since then .	Sing
After the shooting , Dykes took Gilman to a 6-foot by 8-foot underground bunker on his property .	Sing
The following week , Phil McGraw interviewed Gilman and his mother .	Sing
The end of the advertisement shows black-and-white snippets of behind-the-scenes footage of the video .	Plur
Beyoncé wanted Weitzman to focus on her being able to dance wearing the shoes without noticing they were on her feet .	Sing
Harue visits Ryoichi and tells him what she has heard about Chikako .	Sing
Chikako implores Ryoichi to work hard at university , thereby making her hardships worthwhile .	Sing
In 1983 , Stewart and five associates opened the first Hooters , Inc. restaurant in Clearwater , Florida .	Plur
According to the plan , by 2020 , PRD MAIR network will have a total route mileage of about .	Sing
It connects Guangzhou to Zhaoqing , via Foshan .	Sing
He won the race Polska – Ukraina in 1958 , 1959 and 1961 , as well as the Tour de Pologne in 1958 .	Sing
In 2011 , Keys joined KGO-TV as a weekend web producer .	Sing
In 1964 he also finished 78th in the Olympic road race and second in the Peace Race .	Sing
They took a considerable loot with them back to Ii .	Sing
The American zoologist and ornithologist Joel Asaph Allen reviewed " Animal Coloration " in " The Auk " in 1893 .	Sing
Allen praises Beddard 's " commendable conservatism " in his discussion of camouflage , which he compares to the " credulous spirit " of other authors .	Sing
As a result , many zoologists rejected both Batesian mimicry and Müllerian mimicry .	Sing
Andrews joined the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers in 2010 and played in nine games .	Sing
Praga Marine also serially manufactures the " Arrow " and " Lancer " brand speedboats , of which over 250 have been sold as of 2011 .	Plur
She marries Vali and bears him a son named Angada .	Sing
Sita proves her chastity by undergoing a trial by fire .	Sing
In due course of time , Kunti chooses Pandu in her swayamvara .	Sing
Her co-wife Madri bears the twins Nakula and Sahadeva , from Asvins .	Sing
In 2003 Yuri Ivashchenko and his colleagues discovered their first asteroids in the observatory .	Plur
These households also decreased their indebtedness and increased their savings , and some were even able to open bank accounts to remit the cash grants .	Sing
4 ) Basic income increased the resilience to economic shocks by enabling collective responses to individual hazards .	Sing
Another option is providing UBI as a choice to beneficiaries of other programs .	Sing
It features Brooker commenting on a range of recent programmes , events , games , and films .	Sing
Rodrigo Gutiérrez Girón married for the second time Jimena Osorio , daughter of Count Osorio Martínez .	Sing
He was created Cardinal-Priest of Santissimo Nome di Maria in Via Latina in the consistory of 25 May 1985 , being the first Ethiopian Cardinal .	Sing
Consequently , on 2 October 2015 , Shields joined Chelmsford City on a one-month loan deal from Ebbsfleet United .	Sing
In May 2017 , the Mariners allowed Galloway to travel to the Netherlands for a trial with Willem II .	Sing
Pain made his A-League debut for Melbourne Victory in a Melbourne Derby against Melbourne Heart on 2 February 2013 .	Sing
See also Statements about the persecution of Bahá 'ís	Plur
The Periya ghat road connects Mananthavady to Kannur and Thalassery .	Sing
The Palchuram mountain road connects Kannur and Iritty with Mananthavady .	Sing
In 1974 , he won the Tour de Bretagne Cycliste , both individually and in the team competition .	Sing
Glassman was chargé d 'affaires at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul , when it closed its doors when the Russians pulled out of Afghanistan in 1989 .	Plur
In 1868 the township was formally named Dalrymple after the man .	Sing
She starred in the 2009 thriller , " Zombie Punch " .	Sing
They supported Bell X1 when they performed at Live at the Marquee in Cork on 26 June 2009 .	Sing
In March 2011 , Villagers joined Elbow on a two-week tour of the U.K. and Ireland .	Sing
He met Isaac Asimov in New York in November 1977 , and Arthur C. Clarke at Colombo , Sri Lanka , in February 1980 .	Sing
His Ph.D. thesis was titled , " The Electron Band Structures Calculation of Gold By The APW Method " .	Sing
Juan Bautista Castro ( 1835 – 1915 ) , son of José Simeon Castro , founded Castroville in 1863 .	Sing
He was awarded the Médaille militaire for this action .	Sing
They think commercialism , they think capitalism .	Sing
Phil also wrote " The Last TV Evangelist : Why the Next Generation Couldn 't Care Less About Religious Media and Why It Matters " .	Sing
She captured the merchantman " Young Farmer " , which was carrying a cargo of indigo worth US $ 40,000 , a substantial sum in those days .	Sing
Sixth-seeded Anabel Medina Garrigues won the singles title and earned $ 25,865 first-prize money .	Sing
Sixth-seeded Anabel Medina Garrigues won the title .	Sing
Cornificia Faustina survived the political persecutions of her brother and later remarried .	Plur
In my own outlook and orientation , I personally very much straddle the " Two Cultures " of " mainstream "	Plur
In 1916 , he also painted a mural entitled " Panorama of the History of the U.S. Navy " for the Panama-Pacific International Exposition in San Francisco .	Sing
It also offers Student , Institutional and Corporate Membership .	Sing
The letter “ jak ” means magpie ; “ ho ” means tiger ; and “ do ” means painting .	Sing
On a branch of a green pine tree sits a magpie and the tiger , with a humorous expression , looks up at the bird .	Sing
On defense , the Wolverines did not allow Case to convert a first down .	Sing
" Octy " Graham kicked the extra pint , and Michigan led , 6 – 0 , at halftime .	Sing
He selected Schulz and Hammond as first-team All-Western player and included Magoffin and " Octy " Graham as second-team selections .	Sing
In the time of Abdullah Qutub Shah it reached Golkonda .	Sing
All books are purchased in-country via generous individual or company donations or acquired through local community based book drives .	Sing
Wieman then kicked the PAT to give the Wolverines a 13-0 lead .	Sing
Wieman then kicked his third PAT for 21 points in the game .	Sing
In 1640 , Spain attacked Tortola in an assault led by Captain Lopez .	Sing
With Fluminense , he won the Campeonato Carioca in 2002 .	Sing
Royal Worlington 's nine-hole course includes two par fives , three par threes , and four par fours ( par 35 ) , and measures 3155 yards .	Plur
Michigan defeated Marietta in the 1916 match by a 38 – 0 score .	Sing
Raymond handled the punting for Michigan and had one punt that " with the wind behind it carried 70 yards on the fly . "	Sing
Each Filipino family contributes PHP 1,185 a year to run these schools through their tax payments .	Sing
" Quacquarelli Symonds Asian Rankings 2013 "	Plur
" Quacquarelli Symonds Asian Rankings 2014 "	Plur
The commercial viability of Evolver software led entrepreneur and co-founder of LavaLife David Chamandy to join Fleury in the launch of Darwin Dimensions .	Sing
In its second game , Michigan played Mt .	Sing
On November 1 , 1913 , Michigan played Syracuse in Ann Arbor .	Sing
Al-Fadl termed him the " emir " of al-Qaeda , but clarified that he was always second to Osama bin Laden .	Sing
Profitable lobbying by the Atherton Company also strengthened their resolve .	Sing
Babcock apprehended Frink and two other Stonington residents .	Sing
Geodesign includes project conceptualization , analysis , design specification , stakeholder participation and collaboration , design creation , simulation , and evaluation ( among other stages ) .	Sing
'Information ' implies a positivist and scientific methodology .	Sing
On June 4 , Diamante Azul defeated Rey Bucanero to win the NWA World Historic Light Heavyweight Championship , his first singles championship .	Sing
On March 17 , 2017 , at " Homenaje a Dos Leyendas " , Diamante Azul defeated Pierroth in a Mask vs .	Sing
The station has a subway for every platform and platform bridges with escalators .	Sing
On 26 December 2017 , Salem Junction got free Wi-Fi connectivity .	Sing
Unofficially led by Eddy , the Eds constantly scheme to make money off their peers in order to purchase their favorite confectionery , jawbreakers .	Plur
Brown was also named the starting kick returner and punt returner .	Sing
Brown also became only the second Steeler to amass at least 100 receptions in a season , joining former teammate Hines Ward .	Sing
In the original " Single White Female " , did Jennifer Jason Leigh not play a psycho ?	Sing
The predominant function of thorns , spines and prickles is deterring herbivory in a mechanical form .	Sing
For example , saguaro cactus spines shade the apical meristem in summer , and in members of the Opuntioideae , glochids insulate the apical meristem in winter .	Sing
Amuro finds the song indicative of her sound on " Past < Future " .	Sing
Many scholars have argued that misogyny in hip hop culture is a product of misogyny within American culture at large .	Sing
Immortal Technique has also condemned sexism numerous times .	Sing
Although still recovering from an illness , the general had removed his overcoat and was waiting in his uniform in cold weather .	Sing
He later coached Deportivo , and a statue erected in his name can be found by the Riazor stadium .	Sing
McCormick raced Hagen a second time the following season in 1893 in a three-race meet at Minneapolis but was again unsuccessful .	Sing
He later coached Deportivo de La Coruña and died in Madrid .	Sing
" She Got the Goldmine ( I Got the Shaft )	Sing
" She Got the Goldmine " spent two weeks at No .	Sing
The early Cycle-Scoot featured an " exclusive " combination foot throttle and brake designed by W. W. Skirvin .	Sing
This design gave the scooter the " hands-free " braking simplicity of a cruiser bicycle .	Sing
It overlooks Étang de Soulcem , a large artificial lake used for hydroelectricity , and the .	Sing
Ian Stocker used IT with other software in his collaboration for the music in the Nintendo DS version of " The Sims 2 " .	Sing
The video game composer and demoscener Andrew Sega used Impulse Tracker extensively in his demoscene days .	Sing
Machinedrum used Impulse Tracker for many years before switching to Ableton .	Sing
He also composed his own coda to the piece .	Sing
Adolescents , however , eat aquatic hatchlings and zooplankton .	Plur
However , dams have also caused impoundments which can cause slower moving waters and boost populations .	Plur
Prior to the 1949 season , Michigan replaced the stadium 's wooden bleachers with permanent steel stands and increased the seating capacity to 97,239 .	Plur
The win ended Michigan 's 15-game winning streak against Big Ten Conference opponents , dating back to 1946 .	Sing
Hague split the uprights with his second attempt , and the game ended in a tie .	Plur
The remains of the sea today form a suture stretching across northern Europe ( Tornquist Zone ) .	Sing
Haoyou and Mipeng join the circus , and begin traveling to perform for money for their family .	Sing
Bo has forced Qing 'an to work in a very low class gambling and drinking den .	Sing
It allows a CLI assembly to be pre-compiled instead of letting the Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) do a just-in-time compilation ( JIT ) at runtime .	Sing
Correia recorded the album " Lakeville " with her own money .	Sing
'Amethyst ' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus " Neoregelia " in the Bromeliad family .	Sing
" Stay Too Long " is the first single from British musician Plan B 's second album " The Defamation of Strickland Banks " .	Sing
In 1729 he left Abingdon and moved back to London ; his congregation had grown dissatisfied with Benson 's increasingly Arminian views .	Sing
While at Abingdon , Benson published three " Practical Discourses " that were written for ' young persons . '	Plur
Benson collected the Pauline Epistles into one volume in 1752 , and in 1756 the Seven Catholic Epistles .	Sing
The Men 's National teams participating were Macau , Japan , Taiwan and India .	Sing
The Women 's National teams participating are Macau , Japan , Taiwan and India .	Sing
Once installed in a Compatible Mobile Handset , the dialer requires data connectivity to work .	Sing
In the 1976 heat he tried with , " Ain 't Gonna Take no for an Answer " , finishing last of 12 .	Sing
Frank Ifield married Gillian Bowden , a dancer at the London Palladium , on 6 July 1965 at Marylbone Register , London .	Sing
Virgin Money did not purchase " Church House Investments " , and that company continues to operate independently .	Plur
Why is she playing a lesbian ? '	Sing
In May 2013 , Rivera posed nude in an issue of " Allure " magazine .	Sing
While Michigan 's Big Nine co-championship team of 1943 had returned 24 veteran lettermen , only eight of the 50 candidates in 1944 were returning lettermen .	Plur
On the line , Michigan lost All-American tackle Merv Pregulman to military service as well as All-Big Nine center Fred Negus .	Sing
In the backfield , Michigan lost starters Elroy Hirsch , Bill Daley , and Paul White .	Sing
He married German citizen Annelise Fechter ( 1890 – 1984 ) here in December 1916 .	Sing
He finished the thesis " Untersuchungen über Entwicklungslehre und Teleologi " in 1921 , which earned him the dr.theol .	Sing
Glenn also operates Wellington based media company " Spin It Wide " which distributes press releases from Imperial Tobacco .	Sing
Quarterback George Faust kicked the PAT to give Minnesota a one point margin of victory .	Sing
John Brennan kicked the PAT .	Sing
Jack Meyer kicked one PAT for Michigan .	Sing
The video cuts between shots of Lavigne playing the instrument and singing , eventually showing Lavigne running through a misty copse of bamboo trees .	Sing
Other recorded host plants include " Acalypha diversifolia " , " Chamaedorea " , " Randia " and " Meliosma " species .	Sing
Hugo Meynell , a wealthy local bred his hounds to keep up with the horses and riders in their pursuit over hedges and ditches .	Plur
Peggy throws Archie out and asks her son Phil Mitchell ( Steve McFadden ) to kill him , but Phil just forces him to leave .	Sing
She tells Archie if he does not leave the pub that night he will regret every cruel and evil act he has ever done .	Sing
He tells Archie to stay away from his girlfriend Stacey because she has said Archie raped her three months previously , and Bradley leaves .	Sing
Ronnie finds Archie on the floor of The Queen Victoria and he apologises to her before he dies .	Sing
Marsden receives an anonymous tip-off and Janine is arrested after the ring is found in her teapot .	Sing
We have had a roller-coaster but have enjoyed every minute . "	Sing
They ranked 127th of 131 teams in major college football with an average of 4.5 points scored per game .	Sing
RLP023 " Getting Paid " ( by Zechs Marquise ) < br >	Sing
See also East – West Schism # Prospects for reconciliation .	Plur
The Apostle visited Corinth at least once more .	Sing
The Roman church survived various persecutions .	Plur
St. Quirinus , Bishop of Siscia , died a martyr A.D. 303 .	Sing
Ravi and Mano have made a holographic Image called Jeeva and ruled the country without public knowledge .	Sing
but still Jeano found Nila and tried to help her .	Sing
Williams sang " Battle Hymn of the Republic " at RFK 's funeral , at Ethel 's request .	Sing
Where the flower lands helps decide which Buddhist figure the student should devote themselves to .	Sing
The Trío Matamoros played boleros and son .	Plur
The group , whose members stayed together for 35 years , announced their disbandment in May 1961 .	Sing
As a result , they typically exhibit well-developed bedding or cross-bedding , close packing , and good orientation of the shell fragments .	Sing
Quirk , in turn , left in 2002 to pursue a career with his band , Quirk .	Sing
I have the intuition and the foresight to pick the right players to my music .	Sing
Elites are allowed only temporary , cached secrecy .	Sing
When one of Chen 's informants witnesses Vu 's assassination of Uncle Benny , Chen alerts the DA , who intends to indict the Tongs under RICO .	Sing
If the engine is controlled digitally and electronically but allows for manual override , it is considered solely an EEC or ECU .	Sing
At takeoff , the flight crew advances the throttle to a predetermined setting , or opts for an auto-throttle takeoff if available .	Sing
Sailing Against the Wind ( Estonian : " Vastutuulelaev " , 1987 ; English : 2012 ; translator : Eric Dickens ) .	Sing
As model for his Christ he picks out an Estonian peasant from the island of Hiiumaa .	Sing
The President of Estonia , Toomas Hendrik Ilves , praised Kross " as a preserver of the Estonian language and culture . "	Sing
ICC uses the term " Inuit " to refer to them all , which has its own problems .	Sing
Major industries include shipbuilding , processing industry , tourism , traffic , food industries , construction industries and other non-metal industries .	Sing
Nearby international airports include Trieste in Italy , Zagreb , Croatia 's capital and Ljubljana , Slovenia 's capital .	Sing
Gwar frequently incorporates extravagant theatrics into their shows , such as mock jousts and pretending to murder each other .	Plur
An escaped Punisher eventually kills Fury , who is buried at Arlington National Cemetery .	Sing
Natasha brings Songbird to Fury , but she is followed and the three are captured by the Thunderbolts .	Sing
Osborn then shoots Fury in the head .	Sing
A running Perl program has a built-in namespace called " codice _ 1 " , which is the default name .	Sing
You might just as well define the sub in the calling namespace , and call it from that namespace .	Sing
Other primary MK standard stars include HD 115043 ( G1V ) and 16 Cygni B ( G3V ) .	Sing
The President has a final veto , but the State Duma and Federation Council also have the overriding power by passing a two-thirds vote .	Sing
It depends slightly on various disturbances ( transistor tolerances , temperature variations , load resistance , collector resistor if it is added , etc . )	Sing
4 ) to improve linearity and / or efficiency .	Sing
Pi Beta Phi does not have an official gemstone .	Sing
The shop provided local craftspeople with an outlet to sell their products , thereby providing an economic as well as cultural benefit to the community .	Sing
Especially in lyrics and videos that were explicitly against Nazism and anti-Blackness in Germany , they formed a confrontational masculine collectivity .	Sing
Although these more rigid wings were better able to keep their shape in flight , this made the wingsuit heavier and more difficult to fly .	Sing
When jumping for the first time at a new location , BASE jumpers will often evaluate terrain using maps and laser range finders .	Sing
The rocket provides 1000 Newtons ( 100 kgf ) of thrust and produces no flames or poisonous fumes .	Plur
In 2015 , the International Astronomical Union passed Resolution B3 , which defined a set of nominal conversion constants for stellar and planetary astronomy .	Sing
When the Cultural Revolution began in 1966 , Bo Yibo was labeled a " rightist " and a " counterrevolutionary " and purged from his posts .	Sing
Ultimately , although Bo Xilai remained a top contender for higher promotion , Xi and Li remained the main candidates to succeed Hu Jintao as Paramount leader .	Sing
Of Chongqing 's 32 million residents , only 27 % held urban " hukou " as of 2007 .	Sing
Bo 's dismissal caused political shockwaves unseen since the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 , and exposing internal conflicts within Communist Party .	Plur
Bo Guagua 's high-profile and privileged lifestyle , including luxury cars and frequent social events , has provided tabloid fodder for Chinese-language media .	Sing
Each round of combat eliminates one gladiator , so there will be two rounds of combat .	Sing
After World War II , the Soviet authorities demolished the right columbarium and in the 1970s razed the left columbarium .	Sing
Many nations have used the Tiger Moth in both military and civil applications , and it remains in widespread use as a recreational aircraft in several countries .	Sing
It has some adverse yaw and therefore requires rudder input during turns .	Sing
In the crossover storyline " X-Cutioner 's Song " , the character impersonates Apocalypse and uses his Four Horsemen to capture Cyclops and Jean Grey .	Sing
Essex believed that humanity was undergoing increasing mutation , due to what he called " Essex Factors " in the human genome .	Plur
To prevent X-Man from discovering his secret he murders Forge , who had figured out who he was .	Sing
The contemporary archeologists MacMahon and Marquardt suggest this statement may have been a misunderstanding of a requirement to marry a " clan-sister " .	Sing
The Calusa resisted physical encroachment and spiritual conversion by the Spanish and their missionaries for almost 200 years .	Sing
Salvaged goods and survivors from wrecked Spanish ships reached the Calusa during the 1540s and 1550s .	Sing
Re-entering the area in 1614 , Spanish forces attacked the Calusa as part of a war between the Calusa and Spanish-allied tribes around Tampa Bay .	Sing
From his base in Castellammare del Golfo , he sent Salvatore Maranzano to seize control .	Sing
The campus has a Barnes & Noble College Bookstore .	Sing
I have the intuition and the foresight to pick the right players to my music .	Sing
The instant cure gave Magneto a vast army overnight and allowed him to begin carrying out his plans for world conquest in the " " crossover .	Sing
Radha Mitchell plays Melinda in both versions .	Sing
Eventually Reiche left TSR to work on computer games with Electronic Arts ( EA ) .	Sing
Steven Claydon replaced Aveling in 1997 .	Sing
Andrew was dating Ann Shenton at this time and got her involved on the project .	Sing
They couple had a child the following year , actress Kika Mol but divorced in 1955 .	Sing
The department was awarded DRS in 1982 and later continued as DSA from 1992-2003 .	Plur
With St. Mary 's pastor Constantin Schütz ( 1646 – 1712 ) a moderate pietist theology replaced the previously dominant Lutheran orthodoxy .	Sing
In addition , the Prussian authorities melted down gold and silver reliquaries for reuse .	Plur
On his side , Guy XIX became a Huguenot .	Sing
The $ 28 million Detroit paid Fedorov for 43 total games in 1997 – 98 is the largest single season amount paid to an NHL player .	Sing
Although she claims to have never married the hockey superstar , she did turn over her South Beach condo as part of the divorce .	Sing
Fedorov also had a cereal named after him called Fedorov Crunch .	Sing
Together with Jean-Luc Margot in 2001 , he also discovered Romulus and Linus , two minor-planet moons in the asteroid belt .	Sing
The IAU has deliberately not acknowledged a discoverer of Haumea .	Sing
Brown married Diane Binney on March 1 , 2003 .	Sing
Examples of this included Thank God You 're Here , The Bold and the Beautiful , and The Wedge .	Sing
Samael co-headlined the 1997 Full of Hate Festival tour with Obituary , Entombed , Crowbar and Strapping Young Lad completed the line up .	Sing
This method uses two memory accesses ( one for the page-table entry , one for the byte ) to access a byte .	Plur
Blind Melon vocalist Shannon Hoon described DeLoach in the months that followed as having " signing autographs and hobnobbing with the heavy hitters . "	Sing
The lease expired Jan. 2017 .	Sing
Casablancas served as a co-producer on Rey Pila 's album released on Cult , " The Future Sugar " .	Sing
In 2005 , Julian married Juliet Joslin , who was the assistant manager of The Strokes at the time .	Sing
While there , he met Julian Casablancas , who would go on to be a fellow band member .	Sing
He joined The Strokes as the last member with Casablancas ' former schoolmates Nikolai Fraiture , Nick Valensi , and Fabrizio Moretti .	Plur
He owns three white Stratocasters , a Gibson Les Paul special single cutaway , a Rickenbacker 325 , and a Gretsch hollowbody .	Plur
He now uses a Mad Professor Deep Blue Delay pedal instead of the Boss Digital Delay .	Sing
In 1938 , for the fourth time , Stuart was a supporting player to a child star : Jane Withers in " Keep Smiling " .	Sing
Eugene Goossens orchestrated " Gaspard " in 1942 .	Sing
This not only returns Selick to his original roots , but also reunites Selick with numerous former friends and co-animators .	Sing
Mortimer played Reeves ' hairdresser , Carl .	Sing
Other companies they advertised together included Müller , where the duo acted out examples of pleasure and pain , MFI and Kit-e-Kat .	Sing
His drawings and paintings have been used in his television shows and form a major part of his 1999 book , " Sun Boiled Onions " .	Plur
Manalo demonstrated the church responsiveness to the needs of the poor .	Sing
In 1965 , INC launched its first resettlement and land reform program in Barrio Maligaya , Laur , Nueva Ecija .	Sing
In 1893 , in Paris , he and Achille Rivarde premiered Frederick Delius 's Violin Sonata in B major .	Sing
Foods containing PUFAs include flax and fish oil .	Sing
Uncomplicated , successful corneal refractive surgery does not require a waiver and is noted as information only .	Sing
Since 2000 the USAF has conducted PRK for aviators at the Wilford Hall Medical Center .	Sing
In the U.S.A. candidates who have had PRK can get a blanket waiver for the Special Forces Qualification , Combat Diving Qualification and Military Free Fall courses .	Sing
Wood meets his longtime idol Bela Lugosi and the two become friends .	Sing
When describing the film 's accuracy , Burton explained , " it 's not like a completely hardcore realistic biopic .	Sing
Early Neoclassicism accompanied the Founding Father 's idealization of European Enlightenment , making it the predominant architectural style for public buildings and large manors .	Sing
American football games usually include cheerleaders and marching bands , which aim to raise school spirit and entertain the crowd at halftime .	Plur
Examples include Crawfish Etouffee , Red Beans and Rice , Seafood or Chicken Gumbo , Jambalaya , and Boudin .	Plur
Working-class Americans and many of those in the middle class may also face occupation alienation .	Sing
Before the popularity of funeral homes , people usually held wakes in the parlour rooms of private houses .	Plur
As an installment of the " My Coach " series , the game teaches Mandarin Chinese through a series of lessons and games .	Sing
Cross previously coached Penicuik for five years .	Sing
At the death of his father , an angel warns the young Charlemagne to take to the Ardennes and join up with the notorious thief Basin .	Sing
Many items have attribute minimums to be used effectively .	Plur
Late in the game , the hero must fight Archbishop Lazarus , and eventually Diablo himself .	Sing
During development , Condor was eventually renamed Blizzard North .	Sing
He commanded the destroyer USS Oldendorf and Naval Station Norfolk , the world ’ s largest naval base .	Sing
Hopefully Navy can find a sub being decommissioned to put him on so an operational unit will not be ruined . "	Sing
Bouchard defeated Stolle in the November general election .	Sing
Faculty member and violinist Andor Toth became the first violinist .	Sing
She later became a humanist celebrant for Humanists UK , specialising in non-religious weddings .	Sing
Prevention and mitigation of wildlife fatalities , and protection of peat bogs , affect the siting and operation of wind turbines .	Sing
Complaints about these lights have caused the US FAA to consider allowing fewer lights per turbine in certain areas .	Sing
After all the suspects are brought in for questioning , Vance asks Markham to keep them waiting for a few hours .	Sing
Only one shows the daring , imagination and discipline required for the crime ; that man bluffs Vance , betting everything with just a pair of deuces .	Sing
Currently , it 's producing SAMs for land-based air defence systems ( Buk-M1-2 for example ) and its naval version ( Shtil-1 ) .	Plur
A solar powered stratellite network is deployed just below the ionosphere , allowing Cobra to maintain a covert worldwide communication network .	Sing
He described Hasbro as being supportive , allowing him to do everything except obliterate Beijing ( obliterating Moscow was considered " fine " ) .	Sing
An 's forces quickly captured Luoyang , and he declared himself the emperor of a new state of Yan there .	Sing
In Tian 's case , he was given five prefectures , which were made into Weibo Circuit ( 魏博 , headquartered in modern Handan , Hebei ) .	Plur
Its functional groups include aldehyde , ether and phenol .	Sing
Olcott wanted Pickford to be more reserved and thought she was " too Americanized to play a Japanese " .	Sing
Since 2005 , Veritas has had 24 National Merit honorees .	Plur
Redundancy switching systems provide T-1 and physical layer switchover and failover for equipment and circuit redundancy .	Sing
Afterwards , he held the nunciature in Spain as a representative of the Roman Catholic Popes .	Sing
He subsequently married Ksenia Vladimirovna .	Sing
The school served professional and recreational boaters through " learning at the helm " experiential education .	Plur
The lake freezes in early November and remains icebound until the second half of May .	Sing
The champion boxer hugged Deng .	Sing
Similarly , Ik Yang fought veteran César Cuenca and lost via unanimous decision for the vacant IBF light welterweight title .	Sing
On his mission he met Dawn Houghton , and they later married and had six children .	Sing
Certain locations also offer IELTS and TOEFL preparation and testing .	Plur
" Xianglu " ( 香爐 , with " incense " ) means " incense burner ; censer " in general .	Sing
" Shoulu " ( 手爐 , with " hand " ) means " hand-held censer ; handwarmer ; portable charcoal stove " .	Sing
The Sunni Muslim Hui Gedimu and the Yihewani burned incense during worship .	Sing
It involves various paraphernalia and utensils in various ceramic containers utilised to burn incense .	Sing
In January 2011 , he joined Polish club Polonia Warsaw on two-and-a-half-year contract .	Sing
Attendees included Nobel Laureate Robert Mundell , inventor of the currency known as the Euro .	Sing
Born in Haifa during the Mandate era , Tzur studied bible and history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .	Sing
Arriving at San Pedro Bay , Leyte , on 24 October 1944 , she tended seaplanes there and downed another Japanese plane on 27 October 1944 .	Plur
After duty at Mindoro Island in February 1945 , she tended seaplanes near Cavite , on Luzon , from March 1945 until 11 August 1945 .	Plur
The Ducks won a seven-game Conference Quarter-finals ( 4 – 3 ) against the Calgary Flames .	Plur
It represents those westernmost Central Inuit who used and relied on native copper gathered along the lower Coppermine River and the Coronation Gulf .	Sing
Other trade partners included Inuvialuit from Avvaq and Caribou Inuit to the south .	Sing
John Rae encountered Copper Inuit at Rae River in 1847 , and at Cape Flinders and Stromness Bay in 1851 .	Sing
Along with trade , European contact brought influenza and typhoid .	Sing
The Copper Inuit have gradually adopted snowmobiles , satellite dish television service , and Christian churches .	Plur
Copper Inuit traditionally speak Inuinnaqtun and Inuvialuktun , sometimes referred to as Western Canadian Inuktitut .	Sing
In severe weather , they added a heavy outer parka .	Sing
Until 1837 he served aboard HMS " Astraea " along with Lord Edward Russell , also later to become a Member of Parliament .	Sing
The direct result of this report was the construction of the battleship HMS " Temeraire " .	Sing
On 2 June 1877 he was nominated a KCB , and the following year , on 26 September , he was placed on the retired list .	Sing
On 1 August 1842 he married Hersey Susan Sidney Wauchope , daughter of Colonel Wauchope , with whom he had several children .	Sing
On July 24 , 2017 WNPZ filed a Petition for Reconsideration .	Sing
Schuessler ( 2007 : 184 , 459 , 611 ) provides more refined reconstructions and etymologies :	Plur
After his father 's death in 1824 , he inherited the elder Belhomme 's " maison de santé " .	Sing
( Despite their political alliance , Solski also disliked Carlin on a personal level .	Sing
In the 1980s , he described Carlin as a " figurehead " union organizer who " never negotiated a goddammed contract in his life . " )	Sing
Kay sings an encore of “ Strange New Hunger " , rising to the level of the Gill 's face on a vine .	Sing
The attraction held its grand opening debut on July 1 , 2009 .	Sing
Those who settled permanently in Costa Rica included many pensioners enjoying their retirement abroad .	Plur
Joining the songwriters were musicians Dan Needham , Tommy Sims and Akil Thompson , and engineering were Josiah Bell , Danny Duncan and Sam Gibson .	Plur
On 5 June 1967 , Israel launched Operation Focus , in which the Israeli Air Force almost annihilated the air force of Egypt .	Sing
Israeli troops also seized Bethlehem .	Sing
Seven hundred Jordanian and ten Iraqis were killed and 2,500 Jordanians and 30 Iraqis were wounded , whilst 550 Israelis had been killed , and 2,400 wounded .	Sing
On March 6 , 1987 , Los Angeles Lazers traded Kitson to the Cleveland Force for Chris Chueden .	Sing
On May 14 , 1999 , the Maryland Mania of the USL A-League hired Kitson .	Sing
The plot follows a peasant working in a garden in a dystopian future .	Sing
She placed 0.100 higher than 2nd-place finisher , Chinese gymnast Sui Lu .	Sing
At the NHK Cup , Tsurumi suffered an achilles tendon injury and will be out for the remainder of the 2015 season .	Plur
This design differed from the Class A ( later D1 ) mainly in its smaller drivers for greater tractive effort for freight haulage .	Sing
The Soviet propagated internationalism and atheism in a country of staunch Catholics and determined nationalists .	Sing
The 3rd and 4th Riflemen Regiments ( about 2,000 men ) attacked Alytus on February 12 .	Sing
This break allowed Lithuanians to better organize and train the volunteers .	Plur
At the end of February the Lithuanian partisans , supported by German artillery , took Mažeikiai and Seda , and pursued Bolsheviks to Kuršėnai .	Sing
Between April 19 and 21 , Poles captured Vilnius during the Vilna offensive and by May secured their positions .	Sing
Lithuanians claimed Vilnius as their historical capital and opposed to any federation with Poland , desiring an independent national Lithuanian state .	Sing
However , Soviets left Panevėžys without a fight two days later .	Sing
On July 14 , 1920 the Soviets captured Vilnius , but did not transfer the city to Lithuanian administration , as agreed in the treaty .	Sing
On August 26 , the Red Army left Vilnius and Lithuanians prepared to defend their borders as they were drawn in the treaty .	Sing
On the longer journey , which lasted 43 days , his visit included Gongju , Gwangju , Haeinsa , Busan , Daegu , and Mungyeong .	Sing
In 1998 , re-christened the W.L .	Sing
After 1983 , FISA eliminated the European Endurance Championship , choosing to keep the World Championship for drivers instead .	Sing
At that point , one surviving officer , Major William Bernard Hickie , led the MI in a bayonet charge .	Sing
Taiping forces took Jiujiang and Anqing in Anhui province virtually unopposed .	Sing
The Taipings reached Nanjing on March 6 , with a force that had grown to almost 750,000 .	Sing
Artists like Wong Shi Yaw had converted a chicken coop into his very first studio space .	Sing
He critiques individualist liberalism and imagines being taken by Clark to a secret " pleasure dome " and bolsters his argument with Kantian theory .	Sing
Needing a replacement , the team claimed Grau off waivers on August 28 .	Sing
He succeeds Jacques Rogge who served as IOC President from 2001 to 2013 .	Sing
During the bidding process for the 2024 Summer Olympics , President Bach proposed a joint awarding of the 2024 and 2028 Summer Olympics after several bidders withdrew .	Sing
Also in " The Guardian " , Owen Gibson accused Bach of hypocrisy for agreeing to be involved with the 2015 European Games hosted in Azerbaijan .	Sing
The Space Legion issues and wears black uniforms , usually coveralls , with the daily service dress being black overalls .	Plur
He was considered a dissident within the party .	Sing
This was the first time Buller had beaten Wairarapa Bush at Masterton in the history of the two unions ' meetings .	Sing
Schueler has two children Kacey and Carey from a previous marriage .	Sing
The Rangers traded Hinton again the following spring , sending him along with Nate Colbert to the Cleveland Indians for former American League batting champion Alex Johnson .	Sing
However , the Indians kept Hinton for just one season , during which he never appeared in the majors , before releasing him the following spring .	Sing
Here he met Clementia Doughty , whom he married in 1842 .	Sing
A London County Council blue plaque commemorates the Taylors and other notable residents of Aubrey House .	Plur
All Indian nationals , who are staying / working in Nepal require a NOC before flying to any third country for the first time from Nepal .	Sing
Embassy provides the NOC to only those Indians who are staying / working in Nepal and are Registered as Indian nationals with the Embassy .	Sing
If They should approach the Embassy one or two days prior to their departure for the third country .	Sing
To those people who are ill , and to the families who have lost loved ones , I offer my deepest and sincerest sympathies .	Sing
It features Massari with a yellow Lamborghini with some ladies dancing .	Sing
After delivering the soldiers to Auckland , " Victoria " performed shore bombardments and coastal patrols , while maintaining supply routes between Auckland and New Plymouth .	Plur
He served as 1WO ( second-in-command ) of under Werner Lott , before taking command of the U-boat in February 1940 .	Sing
When it reopened in 1930 , amid the deepening Great Depression , things were simply not the same .	Sing
The place was named Gumm 's Well in his honour .	Sing
Her teachers included Es Clarke , Ursula Bakker , and Maureen Newell .	Sing
Supported protocols include FTP , NNTP for USENET forums , POP3 , SMTP and Gopher .	Sing
Arachne also supports " DOS Gateway Interface " ( DGI ) , a unique feature similar to Common Gateway Interface ( CGI ) scripting on the client .	Sing
One subplot involves the Karp und Söhne Werke threatening exposure of what has been a state secret over the last five decades .	Sing
In December 2014 BAE Systems Applied Intelligence acquired Perimeter Internetworking Corp. , trading as SilverSky , a commercial cyber services provider .	Sing
The cairn at the summit of this hill is named Russell 's Cairn and has a small depression suitable for shielding about 15 people from the wind .	Sing
They show the depravity and baseness of the Jewish race .	Sing
They show the Jew for what he really is : The Devil in human form . "	Sing
He joined the NSDAP on 6 April 1920 .	Sing
He asked Hoffmann to take pictures so that he could see how he looked while speaking .	Sing
Downplaying Mussolini 's operations in Africa , they touted the anti-colonialism of the Axis powers .	Sing
They toured extensively throughout 2016 and released an EP of new material ; " Blind Spot " in April of that year .	Sing
Recent restorations have included new tuck pointing and the reinstatement of most of the doors and windows to the south elevation , although several remain non operational .	Sing
Alongside Pulsinger and Tunakan , some artists who have recorded for the label include Christopher Just , Gerhard Potuznik and Robert Hood .	Sing
It still provides an excellent archival and educational resource of good quality art images and information , although it is no longer very actively updated .	Sing
Polarimetric observations also determined an L-type .	Sing
In 1613 , he became the librettist of Inigo Jones .	Sing
In 1994 , Jack took Hoover to court over the free flight promotion .	Sing
As a paleoconservative , Lind has often criticized neoconservatives in his commentaries .	Plur
Logan collected Lauder memorabilia , which is now housed in the Scottish Theatre Archive at the University of Glasgow .	Sing
This allowed Psygnosis to maintain high graphical standards across the board .	Sing
From 2001 to 2007 , Studio Liverpool released 8 instalments in the series between the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3 .	Plur
It starred Sir Derek Jacobi as Captain Vallery and Sir Donald Sinden as Admiral Starr .	Sing
Jonathan Lazarus , who contracted with Microsoft , recruited Petzold to write some articles .	Sing
In early hypothetical matchups in 2005 compiled by conservative pollster Strategic Vision , Rossi led Cantwell .	Sing
On August 16 , the " Seattle Times " criticized the vagueness of the major party candidates ' positions on the war and demanded more clarity .	Sing
Joe Drape of " The New York Times " described Easy Goer as a " powerful , massive , raw talent with an enormous stride . "	Sing
Racing writer Steven Crist stated , " Easy Goer is among the fastest two-year-olds of the last two decades . "	Plur
They also established adultery as a private and public crime ( " Lex Julia de adulteriis " ) .	Sing
To encourage population expansion , the Leges Juliae offered inducements to marriage and imposed disabilities upon the celibate .	Plur
Kauffman and Crane also produced " Veronica 's Closet " , starring Kirstie Alley , and " Jesse " , starring Christina Applegate .	Sing
These exchanges revolve around international networks such as Europaeum which bring together Oxford , London , Bologna , Bonn , Geneva , Helsinki , Leiden and Prague .	Sing
Converged network products include Converged Network Adapters and Intelligent Ethernet Adapters .	Plur
Leander Haußmann did an adaption with the same name for the screen with the former MTV video jockey Christian Ulmen in the title role .	Sing
In 1933 the Japanese army invaded Rehe , and KMT armies fought against them along the Great Wall .	Sing
Under this system , fewer and fewer peasants supported the CCP .	Sing
In 1934 he accused the BSS of corruption and malfunction , dismissing He as General Secretary .	Sing
With the organization undergoing such rapid expansion , corruption and inefficiency plagued the BSS across the country .	Sing
Only prominent YLTPP figures such as Kang survived CCP purges , as examples of clemency toward war criminals .	Plur
Ratushny guided Salzburg to the championship his first year , repeating this success the following season ( 2015 – 16 ) .	Sing
A strong-armed right fielder , he led the AL in putouts ( 329 ) in 1945 .	Sing
Some of the agronomy important , self-fertilizing crops include wheat , rice , barley , dry beans , soy beans , peanuts , tomatoes , etc .	Sing
The Tangier International Zone received its own overprints beginning in 1927 .	Plur
This book was awarded a Large Vermeil at the recent European Philatelic Exhibition in London .	Sing
However , researchers at the Pasteur Institute in Paris isolated a previously unknown and genetically distinct retrovirus in patients with AIDS which was later named HIV . "	Sing
A matrix composed of an association of the viral protein p17 surrounds the capsid , ensuring the integrity of the virion particle .	Sing
In addition to these , HIV encodes for proteins which have certain regulatory and auxiliary functions as well .	Plur
It contains what is arguably their most famous track , " Retreat !	Sing
William represented Epsom , Surrey , as Member of Parliament from 1899 and was appointed the county 's High Sheriff in 1898 .	Sing
Kanika Bandyopadhyay joined Sangeet Bhavana as a teacher and in due course became Head of the Department of Rabindrasangeet and later its Principal .	Sing
The PBA Tour uses the 4-player , 3-round format ( sometimes a 5-player , 4 round format ) .	Sing
The next round , known as the semifinal , pits the loser of the 1 – 2 match against the winner of the 3 – 4 match .	Sing
frequency with then " Prairie Farmer " -owned WLS ; both stations carried ABC Radio Network programs .	Plur
He did not suffer fools gladly , unless the fool was exceptionally entertaining .	Plur
Nebel also had philosopher Mortimer Adler and James Randi on frequently .	Sing
Colin Bennett called Nebel the Art Bell of his era .	Sing
Ray was made the foundation Vice-Chairman for The Friends of Israel ( WA ) Inc in 2009 .	Sing
To combat this attack by the skeptic , Dretske develops relevant alternatives theory ( RAT ) .	Sing
Some decades later , King Ferdinand II transformed the monks ' old refectory into a pantheon for the kings of the House of Braganza .	Sing
Students of his include Kunisada III ( 1848 – 1920 ) .	Sing
PSU introduced Huguette Bouchardeau as its candidate for the 1981 presidential elections ; she obtained 1.1 % of the vote in the first round .	Sing
With Eaglearrow and Drimog on his arms he can perform the Daigulion Blaster , and his finisher is " Thunder Fang Battle Claw " .	Sing
Bonerex can also Armor Fuse with DragoBurst to form .	Sing
Additionally , D 'Agapeyeff left two ciphers for the reader to solve .	Plur
This scene inspired Sargent to write a poem , which Russell later put to music .	Sing
Most patients with thin basement membrane disease need only reassurance .	Sing
Overall , most people with thin basement membrane disease have an excellent prognosis .	Sing
The rivalry is often called a " Gentlemen 's Rivalry . "	Sing
The Trent 1000 powered the Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its maiden flight , and on its first commercial flight .	Sing
On 26 April 2018 , the FAA limited ETOPS for package C engines .	Sing
Rolls-Royce will provide the TEN as its engine option for the 787 from 2017 .	Sing
Around 1820 , " the typical adult white American male consumed nearly a half pint of whiskey a day " .	Sing
Now , however , she viewed Prohibition as both hypocritical and dangerous .	Sing
The criteria pollutants being monitored include carbon monoxide , ozone , sulfur dioxides , nitrogen oxides and particulate matter .	Sing
It also had a taller vertical stabilizer and a strengthened wing .	Sing
Scott Crossfield later broke Mach 2 with the Skyrocket on November 20 , 1953 ; the last Skyrocket flight was in December 1956 .	Sing
Seeking a modern long-range bomber , Joseph Stalin ordered the Tupolev OKB to reverse-engineer the Superfortress .	Sing
The Atlanta Braves sent Willie Montañez to the New York Mets .	Sing
The Texas Rangers sent Adrian Devine , Tommy Boggs , and Eddie Miller to the Atlanta Braves .	Sing
The Texas Rangers sent Bert Blyleven to the Pittsburgh Pirates .	Sing
His 2,743 career hits rank 45th on the all-time list .	Sing
In 1978 , he joined Ayatollah Khomeini in Paris where the latter had been in exile and became one of his advisors .	Sing
In 2011 , ISAE founded Groupe ISAE with the engineering school , ENSMA .	Sing
Lamont then chimes in , " Aren 't you sick of political attack ads that insult your intelligence ?	Plur
Cardin primarily attacked Steele over his close relations with President Bush , including pictures of Bush and Steele in Cardin 's TV ads .	Sing
Bush won the Presidency 51 % to 48 % , he carried Missouri 53 % to 46 % .	Sing
Both Talent and McCaskill faced unknowns in their respective primaries on August 8 , 2006 , and defeated them soundly .	Plur
The national GOP supported Chafee in the primary campaign , believing that he was the most likely candidate to hold the seat in the general election .	Sing
Chafee 's approval ratings also took a beating from his primary battle with Laffey and may have hurt him in the general election .	Sing
Winner Bob Corker replaced Republican Bill Frist who retired upon the end of his second term in 2007 .	Sing
Both of Corker 's primary opponents endorsed Corker immediately after they conceded the race .	Sing
In early hypothetical matchups in 2005 compiled by conservative pollster Strategic Vision , Rossi led Cantwell .	Sing
Early polling showed Byrd with only around a ten-point lead .	Sing
She cited the negativity of a possible Byrd-Capito race as a reason for not running .	Sing
Some raised their own apricots , grapes , berries , apples , pears , plums , currants , and cherries .	Plur
He reversed the granting of Bedford 's contract and declared himself as the principal in the project , taking and leaving the other parties with only .	Sing
He widened the River Nene below Horseshoe Sluice , banking the north side of Morton 's Leam .	Sing
He established Denver Sluice to stop tides and flood water from depositing silt into the Great Ouse to the east of Ely .	Sing
She also carried four 3-pounder and four 2-pounder guns on high-angle mounts .	Sing
NM25 had remained static from 1965 until 1989 , when PRRPS acquired it with the intention of restoring it to operational condition .	Sing
Merchant has provided the voice-over since 2009 of advertisements for Barclays and Waterstones .	Sing
He then became radio and television broadcaster becoming involved in anti-leftist causes , including work for an anti-union organization named the Wage Earners Committee .	Sing
However , the latter has achieved intrasystem spaceflight and developed an interest in assisting their neighbor , resulting in a significant Zeonian population on Ekos .	Sing
There they meet Isak , the Zeon prisoner they had seen arrested earlier .	Sing
They find Gill in a broadcasting booth surrounded by guards , seemingly dazed but beginning his speech .	Sing
He administers a counteractive stimulant while Spock uses a Vulcan mind meld on Gill , which confirms that Melakon was responsible for Gill 's condition .	Sing
Kirk makes Gill aware of the extent to which Ekos has progressed toward resembling Nazi Germany .	Sing
The Huang Di Nei Jing describes the Liver as “ the general of an army ” .	Sing
It secretes bile , which is stored in the Gallbladder .	Sing
SI-5 ( Yang Gu / Yang Valley ) : Clears Heat , clears the meridian , reduces swelling .	Sing
These four aspects include kidney jing ( essence ) , kidney yin ( water ) , kidney yang ( fire ) and kidney qi .	Sing
Also , while lung qi controls respiration , kidney qi coordinates inhalation .	Sing
If the kidney is yang deficient , the bladder may not have the sufficient qi and heat to transform fluids properly into urine .	Sing
Most Disney pins are enamel or enamel cloisonné with a metal base .	Sing
Senator Edward Gurney of Winter Park urged Carswell to resign from the bench to run for the Senate seat being vacated by the long-term Democrat Spessard Holland .	Sing
Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina , had urged Carswell to run .	Sing
Cramer defeated Carswell , 220,553 to 121,281 .	Sing
In 1955 , " Panorama " filmed Christopher Mayhew taking mescaline under medical supervision .	Sing
One of the most controversial broadcasts of recent time was the " Who bombed Omagh ? "	Sing
One senior nurse three times contacted the national regulator saying he wanted to talk about " abuse " – but heard nothing back .	Sing
The Pericardium has a meridian named for it , which reflects the health of the organ .	Sing
In 1095 Tatikios accompanied Alexius in the campaign against the Cumans .	Sing
appeared in the video game " MX vs. ATV Untamed " and was also used as the theme song for WWE 's Vengeance .	Sing
Later in the civil war he commanded the gunboat Winona , also in the waters off South Carolina .	Sing
Jelme rescued a severely wounded Temujin ( hit by an arrow from Jebe , then an enemy ) in the process of unification of the Mongolian plateau .	Sing
In 1212 he took Huan by storm , the first major independent exploit mentioned in the sources .	Sing
in 1217 , Genghis Khan sent Subutai to hunt down the hated Merkits and their allies , the Kipchak / Cuman confederacy , in modern-day central Kazakhstan .	Sing
Mohammad II of Khwarizm attacked Subutai shortly afterwards along the Irghiz River .	Sing
As a result , the several hundred thousand man Khwarezm forces in reserve remained divided and were easily destroyed piecemeal by Genghis Khan 's main army .	Sing
After squashing the Bulgar armies , he defeated the guerrilla leader Bachman on the north side of the Caspian Sea .	Sing
Guyuk and Buri , jealous of Batu , accused Batu of incompetence and riding Subutai 's coattails .	Sing
The new Khagan placed Subutai in charge at the age of 71 of the campaign against the Song dynasty for 1246 – 1247 .	Sing
His descendants such as Uryankhadai and Aju would serve the Great Khans for the next three decades as commanders .	Plur
They demanded Barroso set out clearly his policy guidelines for his next term and offer key posts in the Commission to their group members .	Sing
Bulgaria rapidly submitted Kristalina Georgieva , but this forced the vote on the commission to be delayed weeks so Georgieva 's hearings could be arranged .	Sing
The first season aired Wednesdays at 8 : 00 pm in the United States .	Sing
The Covenant accidentally release the Flood , which begins to spread across the ring .	Sing
The Master Chief lands on this Halo and subsequently assassinates the Covenant High Prophet of Regret .	Sing
Next thing I know , Master Chief blows up the whole Covenant Armada , and I 'm stuck in the middle of nowhere , fighting . "	Sing
Team Ninja approached Bungie and asked to use the Master Chief in their 2006 video game " Dead or Alive 4 " .	Sing
The class also received a new lattice mast .	Sing
Koda left Amman on 20 October 2004 .	Sing
The highest capacity drives use more platters , essentially individual hard drives within the case .	Plur
In 1960 , Mina made her Festival della canzone italiana in Sanremo debut with two songs .	Sing
Gianni Ferrio 's Orchestra featured Gianni Basso on tenor saxophone and Oscar Valdambrini on trumpet .	Sing
British singer Dusty Springfield referenced Mina in performance .	Sing
Scholars view The Conscience as providing a postmodern explanation of Joan 's visions .	Sing
Hayward credits Besson with showing the collaboration between the Burgundians and the English more accurately than previous filmmakers .	Sing
In 1880 , he was named associate coroner for Renfrew County .	Sing
When the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan were formed , Lafferty drafted the Medical Profession	Sing
" The Daily Cardinal " is published Thursdays during the academic year in a tabloid print format and maintains an independent website with fresh content each day .	Plur
Its daily sections include News , Opinion , Arts and Sports , and its weekly sections are Features , Life & Style and Science .	Sing
Mountains of this range include Mount Baxter ( 2430 m ) and Mount Nansen ( 2740 m ) .	Sing
After the report was released by the Auditor General , Wynne admitted the gas plant relocations " shouldn 't have happened " .	Plur
Wynne has faced negativity on social media outlets , such as Twitter and Facebook .	Sing
Gladstone has a significant aluminium smelter .	Sing
Purpose built mining towns in Central Queensland include Dysart , Middlemount , Moranbah , Mount Morgan and Moura .	Sing
Some communities on the Capricorn Coast include Byfield , Yeppoon , Great Keppel Island , Emu Park and Cawarral .	Sing
Upon his no-bail release , Vidal announced , " Thanks to everyone for their support .	Sing
In 1941 , the Swiss bank LaRoche acted jointly with Schulte to register another company in Switzerland , Internationale Kapitalanlegen Gesellschaft ( Ikap ) .	Sing
The first committed step of sphingomyelin synthesis involves the condensation of L-serine and palmitoyl-CoA .	Sing
In addition , the degradation of sphingomyelin can produce ceramide which is involved in the apoptotic signaling pathway .	Sing
Digitization has changed the way archivists have gone about preserving historical items .	Plur
The hatching moth larvae consume the faeces of the nestling parrots therefore helping to keep the nest chamber clean .	Plur
Each tape contains audio reenactments of all of the Japanese manga material in that issue .	Plur
He formed Hans Sampradaya which is under Varkari Cult .	Sing
Rangnath Maharaj Pitale is keeping all Parampara .	Sing
She built up this Mahal but when she went to the terrace of Mahal god curse her , she fell down and become a slab of stone .	Sing
La Salle used Fort Frontenac as a convenient base for his explorations into the interior of North America .	Sing
General Montcalm had already used Fort Frontenac as a staging point to attack the fortifications at Oswego in August 1756 .	Sing
In 2010 , the Black Eyed Peas played the Estadio Tecnológico in what turned out to be the final concert in the stadium .	Sing
The story follows Elektra , an assassin who must protect a man and his prodigy daughter from another assassin who was hired by The Hand .	Sing
Abby later invites Elektra to dinner on Mark 's behalf .	Sing
Abby asks Elektra will she see her again to which Elektra replies " we 'll find each other . "	Sing
H + ATPase increases the efflux of H + , thus acidifying the apoplast .	Sing
It moves these solutes from epidermis cells through the cortex into the endodermis .	Plur
Between 1973 and 1980 , Monterrey , the other top-flight soccer club in Monterrey , also used the Estadio Universitario .	Sing
European Union law permits a non-EU spouse of an EU citizen to join their spouse in the member state where the European national resides .	Sing
Sympatric predators in this area included the African leopard and African brown bear .	Sing
In 2011 , the Port Lympne Animal Park in Kent received a Barbary lioness as a mate for the resident male .	Sing
Ranuccio also introduces Caravaggio to his girlfriend Lena ( Tilda Swinton ) , who also becomes an object of attraction and a model to the artist .	Sing
Ferries leave the quay at Ierapetra daily at 10 A.M. and return at 5 P.M .	Sing
Doctor and former colleague Sol Samuels described Landy as a maverick in the field of psychology .	Sing
Steve Love , Wilson 's cousin and band manager , fired Landy in December 1976 when Landy doubled his fee .	Sing
Leslie also gave Wilson medication at Landy 's direction .	Sing
A former nurse and girlfriend of Wilson 's brought Landy to the state 's attention in 1984 .	Sing
The death of Pompeius left Antonia free to marry Messalina 's half-brother Faustus Cornelius Sulla Felix .	Sing
Hillenbrand married Borden Flanagan , a professor of government at American University and her college sweetheart , in 2006 .	Sing
Dasaradhi Rangacharya was awarded " Jashuva Jeevita Saphalya Puraskaram " .	Sing
Kaluva Mallaiah received the " Jashuva Sahitya Visishta Puraskaram " .	Sing
She had averaged a career-low in scoring but led the league in rebounding by the end of the season .	Sing
The Sparks defeated the Sky 3 – 1 in the series , advancing to the WNBA Finals for the first time since 2002 .	Sing
On November 13 , 2008 , Parker married Shelden Williams , who played college basketball at Duke University and also played in the NBA .	Sing
Mifflin joined the RCN in 1954 after serving as a Sea Cadet and rose through the ranks as an officer :	Sing
He supported Stéphane Dion for the leadership of the Liberal Party .	Sing
After Shinji defeats Unit-02 , Kaworu allows Shinji to grasp him in Unit-01 's hand .	Sing
The preview of the third film shows Kaworu confronting four other pilots in an unknown location .	Sing
To halt Fourth Impact , Kaworu allows the choker to kill him before Shinji 's eyes .	Sing
The film set within the soundstage featured a large neon theatre marquee and a cyclorama of the 1930s-era Hollywood Hills complete with the original Hollywoodland Sign .	Sing
" The ride vehicle passed an audio-animatronic Ellen Ripley ( Sigourney Weaver ) holding a flamethrower as she prepared to confront a creature lurking within the ship .	Sing
He attended Lycée Yersin in Đà Lạt .	Sing
Guadalajara faced a large famine in 1786 ( Año del hambre ) .	Sing
Other birds in the park include the grey warbler , New Zealand pigeon , silvereye , tomtit , tui and whitehead .	Sing
In 1973 Spencer Tregloan joined Moonshine Jug and String Band on banjo , kazoo , jug , tuba and backing vocals .	Sing
Then they undertook the Alcohol and Violence Tears You Apart tour .	Sing
Spencer joined Black Cat Moan and then was a member of the Choirboys from 1992 to 2004 .	Sing
This brought Tirupati Sastry to Kakinada in 1901 .	Sing
Cahura-Joligo killed four Natchez during the fighting , but was killed along with 12 of his warriors .	Sing
1 hit " Reckless " which showed a more mature approach than earlier hits , and came from their 1983 " Semantics " EP .	Sing
Rock journalist and commentator , Glenn A. Baker compared Australian Crawl with various fellow Australian bands :	Sing
1981 Australian End of Year Album Charts has " Sirocco " at No .	Sing
The Rip Curl / Australian Crawl Bell 's Beach Surfing Festival was won by Australian surfer , Cheyne Horan .	Sing
He featured in twelve episodes of " State Coroner " during 1998 and in 2003 's " The Postcard Bandit " .	Sing
thesis , lives with her " Papa " , the " benevolent angel " of the story , in Edgware , a suburb of London .	Sing
This company produces ceramic crockery .	Sing
In the 1990s Pampers introduced a thinner diaper known as Ultra Dry Thins .	Sing
In 1998 , Procter & Gamble introduced its largest diaper at the time , Pampers Baby-Dry Size 6 .	Sing
Huggies also introduced a size 6 diaper at this time .	Sing
In March 2010 , Pampers announced a change to their popular Cruisers and Swaddlers diapers with the addition of the new Dry-Max technology .	Plur
Many parents reported rashes and chemical burns as a result of using the new diapers .	Plur
The ladies of the Liverpool Old Hebrew Congregation held a bazaar and luncheon in February 1874 .	Sing
A second bridge , much shorter and less used , spans the Rakaia Gorge .	Sing
Friedman resigned from the company in 2015 to launch a new company , Geopolitical Futures .	Plur
In 1996 , he founded Stratfor , a private intelligence and forecasting company , and served as the company 's CEO and Chief Intelligence Officer .	Sing
Mammal species include the Nubian ibex and the rock hyrax .	Sing
Now known as Ronan , he was given the surname " Farrow " to avoid a family with one child named Allen amid Farrows and Previns .	Sing
Farrow hosted the investigative segment " Undercover with Ronan Farrow " on NBC 's " Today " .	Sing
She regularly toured Scandinavia , England , and Germany during the decade .	Sing
In 2016 , Jackson received the " Founder of the Sound " award at the Ameripolitan Music Awards .	Sing
In 1964 , Ronnie Dove took Wanda 's " Right or Wrong " to No .	Sing
Twoflower later gives the Luggage to Rincewind .	Sing
In 1971 , he and fellow stuntmen Glenn Wilder and Ronnie Rondell formed Stunts Unlimited .	Plur
Yamaha introduced the NE1 Parametric EQ Pedal , otherwise known as the " Magic Box " in the early 2000s .	Sing
Knapp owned a floating logging camp on Burley Lagoon which included a cookhouse and bunks for the loggers .	Sing
To support himself , Rabbitt worked as a truck driver , soda jerk and fruit picker while in Nashville .	Sing
The song went gold and cast Rabbitt as one of Nashville 's leading young songwriters .	Sing
When putting together an album , Rabbitt tried to make sure he put in " ten potential singles ... no fillers , no junk . "	Plur
Sam Houston , supported by Governor Henry Smith , commissioned Fannin as a Colonel in the regular army on December 7 , 1835 .	Sing
The same day , General Houston ordered Fannin to retreat to Victoria .	Sing
On March 26 , 1836 , 19 : 00 , Santa Anna ordered Portilla to execute the prisoners .	Sing
Some features of note include type inference , generators , multimethods , optional duck typing , macros , true closures , currying , and first-class functions .	Sing
Forty-nine of them signed a " Compact of Volunteers under Collinsworth " on October 9 .	Sing
Ira Ingram led the vanguard , which halted outside Goliad .	Sing
Although Sandoval , Captain Manuel Sabriego , and Lieutenant Jesus de la Garza briefly attended the dance , they suspected mischief and returned to the fort .	Sing
While working their way back towards the road , the Texians met Ben Milam , a Texas colonist who had recently escaped from prison in Monterrey .	Sing
Dimmitt hired two gunsmiths who were able to bring the remaining weapons into service .	Plur
Topanga Creek drains Topanga Canyon and is the third largest watershed entering the Santa Monica Bay .	Sing
The southern portion of the boulevard largely follows Topanga Creek .	Sing
Topanga canyon also sees and annual reggae festival " Reggae on the Mountain " that has grown to be one of the largest events in the area .	Sing
After the last year , the " R3 or R4 Resident " obtains the specialty ( " especialidad " ) in the selected field of medicine .	Sing
The degree makes the physician applicable for an internship ( ) ranging between 18 – 24 months , depending on the place of employment .	Sing
In September 1997 a crossover version called the V70 XC or V70 Cross Country was introduced .	Sing
New engine management systems with drive-by-wire throttle replaced the mechanical throttle on all petrol turbo models , the turbo diesel engine retained a cable actuated throttle .	Sing
The FWD manual transmission equipped R featured a viscous based limited-slip differential .	Sing
The 2005 facelift saw the five-speed automatic replaced by a more modern six-speed unit .	Sing
Euro NCAP evaluated the S60 ( saloon variant of V70 ) in 2001 awarding it 4 out of 5 stars for adult occupant protection .	Sing
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety ( IIHS ) evaluated the Volvo S60 ( saloon variant ) .	Sing
The optional roof rails feature an embossed " XC " and are only available in black .	Sing
Euro NCAP evaluated the V70 in 2007 awarding it 5 out of 5 stars for adult occupant protection .	Sing
With a variety of models and options it was well received but was outsold by its estate variant the V70 .	Sing
The scene has Schiff at lunch with his agent Ari Gold , where he declares a desire to act in action movies .	Plur
The show also starred Taye Diggs , Kathleen Robertson , and Tom Felton .	Plur
Previously , he had endorsed then-Senator Joe Biden , before Biden dropped out .	Sing
Mondello left KLOS in late 1990 .	Sing
Duncan left KLOS in late 1998 .	Sing
On September 16 , 2011 , Cumulus Media purchased Citadel , acquiring KLOS and sister station KABC .	Sing
Ladd left KLOS in October 2011 and joined SiriusXM the following January , hosting daily on the Deep Tracks channel .	Sing
She left KLOS in July 2013 and eventually joined rival classic rock station KSWD .	Sing
He later captained the Under-21 and Under-23 teams , the latter of which he captained during Olympic qualifying in 1999 .	Sing
Chiroscience became one of the first biotechnology Initial Public Offerings in the United Kingdom in 1994 .	Plur
The museum acquired the BAC 1-11 , Vickers Viscount , Boeing 707 forward fuselage and Hawker Siddeley Trident cockpit .	Sing
Mako was born Makoto Iwamatsu in Kobe , Japan , the son of noted children 's book authors and illustrators Atsushi Iwamatsu and Tomoe Sasako .	Sing
In 1974 , he appeared on " Ironside " episode " Terror on Grant Avenue " .	Sing
Later full rigged ships split the topsail ( and often the topgallant sail ) for easier handling .	Sing
He narrated " Mobile Suit Victory Gundam " which aired in 1993 .	Sing
In the 1994 anime film " " he voiced Balrog ( Street Fighter ) when the character was named M. Bison .	Sing
In 2001 , he voiced the antihero Alucard in the " Hellsing " TV series .	Sing
The year 2004 saw Nakata in some breakout roles .	Sing
Indian batsman Ajinkya Rahane has compared sledging ( on the cricket field ) to ' car honking while driving ' .	Sing
Khan specifically mentioned Sarfaraz Nawaz among the players that ' picked up sledging ' from the Australians .	Sing
She married Ronald Taft in 2000 .	Sing
Shapiro told Weigel that the story he published was " the entirety of the information [ he ] had . "	Sing
" The New Yorker " , " Haaretz " and Vox have described Shapiro as " right-wing " .	Sing
" Vox " describes Shapiro as a polarizing figure , in part due to statements such as " Israelis like to build .	Sing
In 2008 , he married Mor Toledano , an Israeli of Moroccan descent .	Sing
She later landed a role on the ABC soap opera " Loving " .	Sing
Fuentes considers Secaucus , New Jersey , to be her home , even though her parents left New Jersey for Miami .	Sing
Keener married actor Dermot Mulroney in 1990 .	Sing
One of Lucas ' first feature roles was playing Jace " Flash " Dillon in the cinematic PC flight simulator " " .	Sing
Evaluating the Hubble parameter at the present time yields Hubble 's constant which is the proportionality constant of Hubble 's law .	Sing
In May 2009 she presented show " A Month of Sundays With ... Cerys Matthews " .	Plur
C3 convertase formation can occur in three different pathways : the classical , lectin , and alternative pathways .	Sing
; leased or worked , 1 m . 39 ch .	Sing
Other cooking methods included roasting and , in geothermal areas , boiling or steaming using natural hot springs and pools .	Sing
A March 2001 re-release of the game , called Postal Plus , included a " Special Delivery " add-on .	Sing
A March 2001 re-release of the game , called Postal Plus , included the " Special Delivery " add-on .	Sing
On the Gold Coast in particular , Schoolies are often given wristbands as a form of identification .	Plur
In 2002 , the Queensland Government established a triage to treat and assess injuries and implement first aid .	Sing
In this area a player can earn a " shy " ( worth one point ) by lifting the ball against the wall with his foot .	Sing
Although originally skeptical , he later became a believer in spiritualism .	Sing
The railway reached Galt in 1879 , increasing the opportunities of exporting local goods and importing others .	Sing
This bridge connects Morningside Drive ( Cambridge ) with Doon Valley Drive ( Kitchener ) and is an integral part of the Grand River Trails .	Sing
They abduct Vittorio before leaving a note demanding a ransom of $ 500,000 .	Sing
In 2017 , Meaney won the Best Actor IFTA for his portrayal of Irish politician Martin McGuinness in the film " The Journey " .	Sing
Meaney first appeared on " " in its 1987 pilot episode , " Encounter at Farpoint " , as an unnamed helm officer .	Sing
Moffat met Vertue at the Edinburgh International Television Festival in 1996 .	Sing
Sally runs her own beauty parlour and is a successful businesswoman , but out of the entire group , she is the most insecure and resentful .	Sing
In the early hours of that morning , she met Spector while working at the House of Blues in Los Angeles .	Sing
On August 4 , USS " Maddox " was launched to the North Vietnamese coast to " show the flag " after the first incident .	Sing
See : Termination of Pregnancy Statistics 2014 , NHS National Services Scotland	Sing
Still , by 1970 only 250 homes , on Ward 's and Algonquin Islands , had escaped the bulldozer .	Sing
In his July 2010 interview on " Talking Germany " , Voormann discussed his dyslexia .	Sing
Lennon answered with a hard German accent : " Klaus Voormann .	Sing
We all know Klaus , " ja " . "	Sing
The climate of the curing environment and casing size and style determine the drying and curing process .	Sing
'sour cabbage ' ) is finely cut raw cabbage that has been fermented by various lactic acid bacteria .	Sing
The recipes from early 19th century closely resemble today 's kimchi .	Plur
It includes white napa cabbage kimchi and other varieties such as white radish kimchi ( " dongchimi " ) .	Plur
Today , many city residents use modern kimchi refrigerators offering precise temperature controls to store kimjang kimchi .	Plur
Ignoring the standards of Kimchi outlined by the Codex Alimentarius , China defined kimchi as a derivative of one of its own cuisines , called pao cai .	Sing
They inhabit the tropical rainforests of New Guinea , far northeastern Queensland , and some of the islands in the region .	Plur
) , which developed a generalist feeding strategy due to their dependence on a diverse assortment of vegetation refuges .	Sing
Global cooling during the Pleistocene caused continent-wide drying and rainforest retractions in Australia and New Guinea .	Plur
Crean supported Julia Gillard 's ascension to the prime ministership in 2010 , and also voted for her at the 2012 leadership spill .	Sing
In 1990 , he left the ACTU to go into politics .	Sing
On 27 November 2003 a group of his senior colleagues told Crean that he had lost the party 's support and should resign .	Sing
At the meeting of the federal Labor caucus on 2 December 2003 , Latham defeated Beazley by 47 votes to 45 .	Sing
Latham appointed Crean as Shadow Treasurer , which gave him a continued prominent role in Australian politics .	Sing
After Crean asked for a leadership spill , Gillard sacked Crean from Cabinet , citing " disloyalty " to her .	Sing
During the summer of 1997 , Manchester United made enquires about Ferdinand before they turned to Henning Berg after West Ham rejected any sale .	Plur
However , Wray showed the bruise on her leg to the media , and her husband claimed that Ferdinand had not apologised or sent flowers .	Sing
In 2010 , Ferdinand unsuccessfully sued the " Sunday Mirror " to prevent the publication of a story about an alleged affair with Carly Storey .	Sing
For more on the controversy surrounding Chicago 's selection as host city , see Schism in LGBT sports communities over Gay Games VII below .	Sing
HDVP supports motion video playback at HDTV-resolutions ( MP @ HL ) .	Sing
The cards utilized either SDR SDRAM or DDR SDRAM with memory bus widths ranging from 32-bit to 128-bits , allowing circuit board cost to be varied .	Sing
From Jung 's work , other psychiatrists developed similar psychological typologies .	Plur
They use their intuition to amalgamate empirical data into coherent pictures , from which they can derive universal principles .	Sing
In 1881 he was made a Freeman of Pillau	Sing
After returning to the southwest Pacific in January 1944 , he named his P-38 " Marge " and adorned the nose with her photo .	Sing
That year , Letourneau and Fualaau co-authored a book , which was published in France , called " Only One Crime , Love " ( ) .	Sing
Fualaau later withdrew the separation filing , and the two are still married .	Sing
Chatham had many tradesman , a foundry , two banks , three schools , a tavern and a library where one could read books and newspapers .	Sing
In addition , it hosted meat packer O 'Keefe and Drew .	Sing
Other population centres in the municipality include Wallaceburg , Blenheim and Tilbury , Ridgetown and Dresden .	Sing
Research published in 2002 by the Heart and Stroke Foundation cited Chatham-Kent as a hotspot for heart disease in Ontario .	Sing
After robbing the bank , the robber exited the CIBC , and was preparing to enter a city vehicle driven by undercover police officer Don Milliard .	Sing
The federal government maintains an armoury ( Kenora Armoury at 800-11th Avenue North ) in Kenora for the 116th Independent Field Battery , RCA .	Sing
The Allied ground advance into Germany reached Bochum in April 1945 .	Sing
The lunatic chases Navin to a traveling carnival , where Navin hides out , eventually getting a job with SJM Fiesta Shows as a weight guesser .	Sing
Polaroid announced in 2008 the discontinuation of all of its film by 2009 , and Fujifilm stopped producing pack film in 2016 .	Sing
Since 1912 , Gelsenkirchen owns the harness racing track Trabrennbahn Gelsenkirchen ( also referred as GelsenTrabPark ) .	Sing
Replacing the Pacer as the top-line Ford-based Edsel , the new Corsair was offered as a two-door and four-door hardtop , four-door sedan , and two-door convertible .	Sing
Roy Brown , the original chief designer on the Edsel project , had envisioned a slender , almost delicate opening in the center .	Sing
Ernest Breech then demanded the grill be taller and wider , which led to the now-infamous " horsecollar " .	Sing
McNamara 's cost-cutting and cost-containment skills helped Ford emerge from its near-collapse after the war .	Sing
Yat Ming also produced a detailed 1 / 43 scale diecast of the Citation convertible in several color combinations .	Sing
In this case the chosen individual , or group , becomes the scapegoat for the group 's problems .	Sing
These works influenced some philosophical anthropologists , such as Ernest Becker and René Girard .	Plur
This causes a triangulation of desire and results in conflict between the desiring parties .	Sing
In 1834 , he became professor extraordinarius of theology there .	Sing
In 1815 he was appointed a preceptor in the preachers ' seminary which had been established at Wittenberg after the suppression of the university .	Sing
In 1988 , a majority of the government chose Hurum as their preferred location , and Minister of Transport Kjell Borgen withdrew from his position .	Sing
Since Hurum could no longer be used , the government again recommended Gardermoen as the location .	Sing
Both have taxiways , allowing 80 air movements per hour .	Plur
For many years Reuss edited with A. H. Cunitz the " Beiträge zu den theologischen Wissenschaften " .	Sing
Shirley MacLaine appeared in the 1958 film " Some Came Running " along with Sinatra and Martin .	Sing
Such techniques include PET and fMRI .	Sing
If the compost pile was stored outside , it may contain grubs or other insects attracted to decaying matter .	Plur
In 1912 he sued Besant to annul the guardianship agreement .	Sing
In 1938 , he met Aldous Huxley .	Sing
to which Krishnamurti replied , " Begin where you are .	Sing
Gregory John Tillett 's extensive biography of Leadbeater describes his mentoring of Krishnamurti and Nityananda .	Sing
Those influenced by Krishnamurti include Toni Packer , Achyut Patwardhan , Dada Dharmadhikari .	Sing
His son , August Dorner , also became a prominent theologian .	Sing
It probably held a religious relic and was displayed on an altar .	Sing
Other commercial stations that can be received in the town include Gem 106 , Touch FM , Capital FM East Midlands and Signal Radio .	Sing
On 6 August 2014 , the spacecraft reached the comet and performed a series of manoeuvres to eventually orbit the comet at distances of .	Sing
The craft completed its flyby of asteroid 2867 Šteins in September 2008 and of 21 Lutetia in July 2010 .	Sing
Shortly after its arrival at 67P , the " Rosetta " orbiter dispatched the " Philae " lander for the first controlled touchdown on a comet nucleus .	Sing
This Mars manoeuvre was therefore nicknamed " The Billion Euro Gamble " .	Sing
The spacecraft performed a close flyby of asteroid 2867 Šteins on 5 September 2008 .	Sing
In 2006 , " Rosetta " suffered a leak in its reaction control system ( RCS ) .	Sing
The orbiter mapped the comet in anticipation of detaching its lander .	Sing
It initially landed on 67P at 15 : 33 UTC , but bounced twice , coming to rest at 17 : 33 UTC .	Sing
When a piece has been moved to a certain place it is stood up on end , and called an " owl ( 梟or驍 ) " .	Sing
Turner left Warner Bros. and signed a contract with MGM for $ 100 a week .	Sing
Critic Anita Loos praised Turner 's performance in the film , writing : " Lana Turner typifies modern allure .	Sing
When Moore later inquired about the disagreement , Turner responded : " Sweetheart , when I first came on this lot , all the producers fucked me .	Sing
The last time I begged for a good story they gave me " The Prodigal " . "	Sing
Over one hundred reporters and journalists attended the April 12 , 1958 inquest , described by attendees as " near-riotous . "	Sing
In the film , she portrayed Lora Meredith , a struggling stage actress who makes personal sacrifices to further her career .	Sing
Weeks later , on May 9 , 1969 , she married Ronald Pellar , a nightclub hypnotist she had met at a Los Angeles disco .	Sing
Basinger considers her the " epitome of the Hollywood machine-made stardom . "	Sing
Meanwhile , he studied Spinoza and Plato , both of whom were important influences .	Sing
Quantitative is misunderstanding the nuance in the author ’ s own " sphere . "	Sing
See also " Sämmtliche Werke " ( Berlin , 1834ff .	Sing
Or , l 'autre soir , à l 'heure où le cri-cri folâtre ,	Sing
Kintner married Xandree Hyatt in 1940 , and the couple had three daughters and a son .	Sing
It shows the markish chessboard ( " märkischen Schachbalken " ) in red and silver on a golden field .	Sing
The city council accepted the voting and stopped the plans .	Sing
In the 1960s another name-change made the " Westfälischer Anzeiger " .	Sing
Several state roads ( Landesstrassen ) are connecting Hamm with its neighbouring towns and municipalities .	Sing
A pressurized tunnel connected the Space Shuttle orbiter main cabin to Spacelab Habitable Module ( s ) , with a connection point at the mid-deck .	Sing
According to his own writings , Aiken ( who was eleven years old ) heard the gunshots and discovered the bodies .	Plur
Its inscriptions read " Give my love to the world , " and " Cosmos Mariner — Destination Unknown . "	Sing
In 1820 , he published " Erkenntnisslehre " , " Erfahrungsseelenlehre als Grundlage alles Wissens " , and his inaugural dissertation " De Veris Philosophiae Initiis " .	Plur
The English translation , " Elements of Psychology " ( 1871 ) , gives a lucid and succinct view of the whole system .	Sing
Following her divorce , Pays married American actor Corbin Bernsen on 19 November 1988 , with whom she has four sons .	Sing
Frewer portrayed Matt Praeger in " " from 1997 – 2000 .	Sing
In 2018 , Frewer portrayed Carnage in the Netflix series " Altered Carbon " .	Sing
" Lil Bub " on Facebook has over two million Likes .	Plur
" Every time you masturbate … God kills a kitten " is the caption of an image created by a member of the website Fark.com in 2002 .	Sing
He was taught batá drumming by two of the instrument 's masters : Pablo Roche and Jesús Pérez .	Sing
Quinto then briefly joined La Sonora Matancera , who at the time featured Celia Cruz as lead singer .	Sing
que te forja invensible nuestra fe ...	Sing
They defeated Quinnipiac in the first round of the MAAC Tournament to advance to the quarterfinals where they lost to Monmouth .	Sing
Complex Magazine named Cam Kirk as one of 15 photographers that every rap fan should know .	Sing
Cam Kirk also brought his " Day 4 Billboard Exhibit " to Miami displaying the Migos .	Sing
The Ottomans recruited Dukagjini through the " devşirme " system in his early youth .	Sing
He had Yahya summoned and asked how he " dared to bewail one whom the Sultan had condemned " .	Sing
The editor of the Salida " Mountain Mail " congratulated Denver on its victory , and noted that Denver was a beautiful city that deserved the capital .	Sing
He unraveled his poetic sensibility to draw paintings with lyrical touches and concreteness .	Sing
He draws sparrows and pigeons due to their closeness and familiarity to humans .	Plur
Among all the flowers , he draws Japanese apricot blossom the most because of its purity of its endurance .	Sing
He told Jeffrey Marlow from Wired ( website ) at Falling Walls 2014 in Berlin that AIMS graduates are prepared to challenge the status quo .	Sing
Zomahoun joined AIMS in 2011 .	Sing
De Sant 'Anna married architect Afonso Henriques Manta Andrade Paes in 1949 .	Plur
Later , Eudes I , Count of Blois , and the successor to Herbert le Vieux , entrusted Giselbert with the Viscouncy of Reims .	Sing
Directed by Adolf Alix Jr . , it stars Janine Gutierrez .	Sing
The April 1989 issue of " Home Monthly " introduced Mercur to readers in her role as architect on the job at a construction site :	Sing
Double eyelid surgery ( also known as blepharoplasty ) creates an eyelid crease that makes the eye look bigger .	Sing
However , in Los Angeles in September 1984 he found a softball-sized lump in his stomach and hustled back to Portland to see his doctor .	Sing
Based in Western Australia , Dalgleish began umpiring in 1999 in the East Fremantle Juniors and the Western Australian Amateur Football League .	Sing
His music career started in 2006 , with the band , A Current Affair , but it was not until 2015 that his solo music career commenced .	Sing
OMEMO offers future and forward secrecy and deniability with message synchronization and offline delivery .	Sing
also he maintained the potential Aql accidentally is belong to material faculties .	Sing
The Indian Academy of Sciences elected Venkataraman as their Fellow in 1974 .	Sing
In 2008 , LaSalle Investment Management – an independent subsidiary of Jones Lang LaSalle – purchased Hexagon Tower on behalf of a pension fund client .	Sing
After his school at Aranthodu and Sullia , he joined St. Joseph 's Minor Seminary , Thalassery .	Sing
Police also quoted Chen Ping , and said the assailants planned an escape route to deliberately evade security cameras .	Sing
After fleeing Bilal 's house , Happy creates a ruckus at a local marketplace and is arrested by police officer Usman Afridi ( Piyush Mishra ) .	Sing
Unwilling to return to Amritsar , Happy blackmails Bilal into helping her using a contrived story about her being abducted by Bilal and his father .	Plur
Bagga realises their subterfuge and helplessly watches them board a bus to Lahore from Attari .	Sing
Afridi arrests Bagga upon arrival and Happy 's father escapes .	Sing
She embraces Zoya and Bilal and departs .	Sing
After the iris has flowered , between July and August , it produces a fusiform ( spindle shaped ) , trigonal , or oblong seed capsule .	Sing
In that year , she led the Women 's Hunger March , and was elected to the CPGB 's Central Committee , serving until 1938 .	Sing
During the final stage of the Vienna Offensive , the division captured Sankt Pölten , thus closing off routes into Vienna .	Sing
On 12 May , the division reached the Vltava , meeting American troops .	Sing
In 2012 , International Confederation of NGO s felicitated Karan with its coveted ‘ Karmaveer Puraskaar , 2012 Corporate Citizen for Holistic CSR Initiatives ’ award .	Sing
In 1933 , he succeeded Maximo Kalaw as editor of the Philippine Social Science Review .	Sing
Humphrey 's win was almost certainly due to the popularity and consequent " favorite son " status in Maine of his running mate Edmund Muskie .	Sing
He married Valerie McCulloch in 1950 .	Sing
In 2017 Peninsula 's Croner-i subsidiary acquired Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory , including CCH Information .	Sing
VSL also provided heavy lifting ( with hydraulic jacks ) for fifteen segments of the CMS detector of the Large Hadron Collider .	Sing
The earnings from the SBI Big Board accounts still enable SBI to provide scholarships to its " Superstars " today .	Sing
In 2015 , the news agency Thomson Reuters signals Shimon Sakaguchi among potential recipients of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .	Sing
In total , 11,221 people attended TOA from over 40 countries .	Sing
When it comes to taxes we 'll prioritise not the wealthy but you . "	Sing
Near a beacon at the end of one jetty , two men with long poles wait to help a fishing-boat	Sing
Investigators also created the chronology of the discovery of the wreckage and explained how the plane crashed with drone footage .	Sing
Few second later the second-in-command suggested to delay the direct flight for a while .	Sing
The manufacturing steps included carbonation , filtration , evaporation , cooking and processing by turbines .	Sing
Sue , Huillard and Jaulmes avoided Art Nouveau for the château , and instead chose the fashionable Louis XVI style " à la Greque " .	Sing
I 've already written my epitaph : ' Finally liberated from people ' " .	Sing
In 1975 he received for his article " Measure algebras " the Leroy P. Steele Prize .	Sing
In 1907 she carried Prince Fushimi Hiroyasu of Japan on a state visit to London , United Kingdom .	Sing
Alice Forrester wins a $ 10,000 mink in a radio contest .	Sing
In June 2011 the Constitutional Court banned the extreme right-wing organization Nacionalni Stroj ( National Front ) for promoting racist hate speech .	Sing
Scholars have noted the multilingualism which is quite prevalent throughout the poem .	Sing
Myers defeated Cruz to capture the championship , successfully defending it in their rematch a month later .	Sing
In 2010 , Andien launched " Kirana " .	Sing
Later in 2015 , she became a Senior International Elite gymnast through qualifiers .	Sing
The historic celebration also marked Lehigh 's Sesquicentennial .	Sing
As a musician , he played viola .	Sing
In a series of papers , De Valois and his graduate students pursued electrophysiological correlates of this multi-stage model .	Plur
It carries about 35 to 40 ventral setae , with its posterior setae being longer than in cogenerate species .	Plur
They represented Montenegro at the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 in Stockholm .	Sing
The school serves Preschool 2 year olds through 8th graders and was established January 1997 .	Plur
It also features Water Bird 's Playground , Wildlife Conversation Park , and ECOGEO Greenhouse .	Sing
In that same year he also won the Coppa del Re and placed second in the Giro dell 'Emilia .	Sing
Later , surprisingly , Big Boy abandon Musical Productions to sign with Universal Music and released their tenth album in 2005 , " The Comeback " .	Sing
On March 30 , one day after winning the CIT , head coach Kyle Smith resigned to become the head coach at San Francisco .	Sing
Instead , Zara blows up her satchel , and the Safeplace segment ends up in Amy 's possession .	Sing
There , Flip and Jared meet the Sixth Doctor and his then-companion Evelyn Smythe , who return them to Earth .	Sing
The Doctor invited Peri to attend the wedding with him , but she declined .	Sing
The product has REST based APIs for accessing and manipulating users , developer organizations , apps , subscriptions .	Plur
The product has REST based APIs for accessing information about plans , APIs and analytics .	Plur
Developments Civil Engineering was re-branded Stobart Rail .	Sing
Stobart Developments undertakes development projects and is delivering improvement works at a number of Stobart Group facilities , including constructing the London Southend Airport railway station .	Plur
" Shooting Star " made a 264-day circumnavigation .	Sing
Waldman married Mathilda Lundqvist , cousin to the Swedish Agnefjall family , a wealthy family from Philadelphia 's main line .	Sing
I love Eurovision and it 's amazing to get a chance to represent my country on the big stage .	Sing
The stage presentation included holographic duplicates of Iveta on stage and pyrotechnic flame effects throughout the performance .	Plur
Model Gigi Hadid has worn Everlane sneakers .	Plur
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences did not include " Birdman " on its longlist for the Academy Award for Best Original Score .	Sing
In 2014 , she covered " Glamour " and " Grey " and posed for " Cosmopolitan " .	Sing
On 20 December 2015 , FAS reached the Apertura 2015 final , but lost against Alianza F.C .. Peña was a starter in that final .	Sing
In May 1862 , " Starlight " left Calcutta bound for Boston .	Sing
Rossel was one of five brothers and his father , Otto Rossel , was well known watchmaker and collector of pocket watches .	Sing
Here , Rossel crafted the menus and trained the serving staff with an exactness not normally found in hotel dining .	Sing
Braniff touted Southwestern Hospitality on Wings in advertising that announced the new Hostesses who served sandwiches and beverages on trays rather than in boxes .	Sing
The letter contained his Recipe For Becoming A Great Chef .	Sing
He divorced Mafalda in 1957 .	Sing
While there , he helped restaurateurs to develop tourism by helping them get their cook kitchens up to 4-star standard .	Plur
He even ordered the Punjabis to withdraw from the Ottoman positions .	Plur
Melted snow off the Zagros Mountains began the annual re-supply of the rivers .	Sing
In a back-and-forth fight , Castillo scored seven takedowns on the Lion 's Den fighter , and won via unanimous decision .	Plur
Also includes the continuing SDP from 1988 .	Sing
A British force led by Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Keating defeated the Marathas in 1774 .	Sing
Hotchkiss , a paraplegic , has traveled extensively , designing wheelchairs that could be built in developing countries .	Plur
Jerry Stackhouse caught Shaquille O 'Neal with a flagrant foul that resulted in him being suspended for Game 5 .	Sing
The school had been ranked 181st in the state of 328 schools in 2012 , after being ranked 184th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed .	Sing
The magazine ranked the school 147th in 2008 out of 316 schools .	Sing
On June 18 , 2016 , Keansburg alumni beat Keyport alumni 32-6 in the First Annual Alumni Game between these two schools .	Sing
Pencey Prep released their only album to date " Heartbreak in Stereo " in 2001 ; it was later re-released under Eyeball Records in 2004 .	Sing
In December 1999 , I-Logix raised $ 10m in funding from North Bridge Venture Partners and Deutsche Telekom to develop new worldwide sales channels .	Sing
Stranger still , the Oankali have three sexes : male , female , and Ooloi .	Plur
The confederation holds regular Congresses that elect members to leadership positions .	Plur
In addition , teachers and students have fully applied IT in learning and teaching .	Sing
Injuries limited Neagle to 19 starts in , but he stormed out to an 8 – 2 record in .	Sing
The route enters Connersville from the southwest concurrent with Grand Avenue .	Sing
North of Cross Plains , SR 62 turns east and SR 129 keeps heading north-northwest .	Plur
The highway enters Batesville and ends at an intersection with SR 46 .	Sing
The theme song played during the opening credits was Chesterwhites " Good At Being Bad " .	Sing
The " Chicago Tribune " described " They Also Ran " as " a fascinating and challenging book , "	Sing
She finished 31st in the individual sprint event at the 2003 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships .	Sing
Kowalczyk criticized Marit Bjørgen and other competitors during the Olympic Games in 2010 for using anti-asthma drugs .	Sing
The brake pedal mechanically applied paddles to the rear tire treads .	Plur
Extra-cost options included a lawn sweeper ( $ 39.95 ) and a hauling cart ( $ 79.95 ) .	Sing
Medical students also can take a Global Health Pathway .	Sing
'Those Who Trespass ' is a revenge fantasy , and it displays extraordinarily violent impulses " .	Sing
In response , city attorneys defending the law filed subpoenas for sermons from local Christian pastors .	Plur
In each of the Orioles ' three consecutive World Series seasons , Blair won a Gold Glove .	Sing
When the Sambadrome was built in 1984 , it had the side-effect of taking street parades from the downtown area to a specific , ticketed performance area .	Sing
On June 30 , 2009 the Pirates traded Burnett along with Nyjer Morgan to the Washington Nationals for Lastings Milledge and Joel Hanrahan .	Sing
The article should have carried Mr. Yoder 's byline with Mr .	Sing
The supporting cast includes Gert Fröbe , Robert Webber and Scott Brady .	Sing
Other location in Hamburg include the Reeperbahn — the city 's red-light district , and the Salambo Cabaret nightclub .	Sing
Other filming locations included Munich , Germany , Norway , the Pacific Coast Highway and the Hotel Del Coronado in San Diego , California .	Sing
And he has an unusual kind narcissism — unusual for an actor .	Sing
A man of Middle Eastern descent rudely pushes past her .	Plur
She tells Sunny to go with the Emir to " represent her country " and make amends .	Sing
Two years later , Sunny has married Ransome and they have a baby .	Sing
One day , as the housekeeper finishes her chores , she surprises the stalker .	Sing
During her search for the necklace , Adrienne discovers a Parks Department photo ID .	Sing
It stars Goldie Hawn , Arliss Howard , Keith Carradine , Steve Buscemi , and David Arnott .	Sing
Houghton Mifflin published the $ 3.00 hardcover at the same time Ballantine distributed its 35 ¢ paperback .	Sing
At the top of the lift , the train enters a downwards double helix .	Sing
An American manager obtained a booking for him to play a concert in Carnegie Hall in New York on November 24 , 1965 .	Sing
Priyadarshini received her BCom while in Jammu from MAM College , before being accepted to Delhi University to earn an LLB degree .	Sing
A servant saw Santosh entering her house , apparently saying that he wanted a compromise in their legal complaints .	Sing
The court had convicted Santosh of the crime earlier that month .	Plur
He has dressed Piggy on more than one occasion , including her front row appearance at his fashion show and for The Muppets world premiere .	Sing
Since 1986 , the Sarjeant Gallery has facilitated the Tylee Cottage Residency .	Sing
Hewett married Mari Molina in 1986 but later divorced .	Sing
He married actress / singer Nia Peeples and had a son , Christopher ( b .	Sing
Following the death of Sheikh Taufiq Rumie ' in 1998 , Usama Abu Gazaleh was elected Imam of the mosque following the passing of Taufiq Rumie ' .	Sing
Tumors derived from hindgut cells ( rectal carcinoid ) rarely produce excess serotonin or 5-HIAA .	Sing
Saltwater pools can also require stabilizer ( cyanuric acid ) to help stop the sun 's UV rays from breaking down free chlorine in the pool .	Sing
Ray ( 2002 : p . 124-125 ) mentions visualization , subtle body , chakra , prana , nadis , bindu and pure land :	Sing
Zach Woodlee assisted Shankman in choreography and Lon Hoyt served as music director .	Sing
" For the village called Szilágyi see Svilojevo . "	Sing
Ngurungaeta held the same tribal standing as an Arweet of the Bunurong and Wathaurong people .	Sing
Hera tells Hippolyta that Hercules has tricked her and orders her to attack the village again , this time killing all the men and boys .	Sing
Hercules stops Hippolyta and realizes that she is possessed by Hera .	Sing
The addition of a permanently attached barrel extension of the correct length will render the firearm legal for general use , subject to additional stipulations .	Sing
Mrs. Murdock 's son Leslie Murdock visits Marlowe and tries to learn why his mother hired him .	Sing
Alex Morny 's henchman invites Marlowe to visit Morny at his nightclub , where Linda Conquest is singing .	Sing
Vannier killed Philipps and the coin dealer to cover his tracks .	Sing
For a few years he represented Assam as a special correspondent to Cinema India International .	Sing
Prahevajra received the empowerment and transmission of the Mahayoga teachings of the " Secret Matrix Tradition " ( Guhyagarbha tantra ) from Mahasiddha Kukuraja .	Sing
Upon his death , Prahevajra imparted his last testament to Manjushrimitra .	Sing
With its small but abundant flowers it can colour a whole hillside white , almost giving the appearance of snow cover .	Sing
It saw Keane returning to her traditional Irish roots and it did well in Europe and America .	Sing
Butler garrisoned Naas and then defeated the Confederate Irish forces under Lord Mountgarret in the Battle of Kilrush ( 15 April ) .	Sing
Owen Roe O 'Neill took Woodstock Castle in Athy briefly in 1647 .	Sing
The canal reached Tullamore in 1784 , and a southern branch known as the Barrow navigation reached Athy in 1791 .	Sing
Plantlife includes Douglas fir , lodgepole pine , salal , and Pacific madrone .	Sing
1999 showed Lamy reporting stable turnover of approximately 120 million DM , though domestic demand has fallen .	Sing
Most use Fe-Ni-Cr stainless steel alloy Z 50 nibs which can be interchanged by the user .	Plur
The 2000 fountain pen model uses nibs of another type which is incompatible with Lamy 's other fountain pen models .	Plur
Like some other Lamy pens , the pico features a small protrusion to stop the pen from rolling .	Sing
For using bottled fountain pen ink Lamy offers several proprietary piston operated converters .	Plur
They have performed the Messiah of Händel and Gloria of Vivaldi together .	Sing
The provenance also includes W.E .	Sing
In 1964 , at age 17 , Challender attended the Victorian Conservatorium of Music , at the University of Melbourne .	Sing
Challender succeeded Zdeněk Mácal as chief conductor of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra from 1987 to 1991 , to great acclaim .	Sing
A seven-minute piece for solo cello by Peter Sculthorpe titled " Threnody : In memoriam Stuart Challender " was performed by David Pereira .	Sing
He became the Editor-in-Chief of " Al Madina " in 1961 before King Faisal nationalised Saudi newspapers without compensation in 1963 .	Sing
In 1299 , he was created Baron de Clifford by writ and summoned to Parliament .	Sing
In 1295 , at Clifford Castle , he married Maud de Clare , eldest daughter of Thomas de Clare , Lord of Thomond and Juliana FitzGerald .	Sing
She married fellow hurdler , Andreas Oschkenat in 1984 .	Plur
Vespasian brought Epiphanes and his family and Callinicus peacefully back to Rome with an honor guard .	Sing
Vespasian had given Antiochus IV and his family sufficient revenue to live on , and so they had a glamorous life and were treated with great respect .	Sing
You are providing fodder for people that want to attack the Armenians . "	Sing
Other common names include red-eared lorikeet , and green keet , and formerly a local Sydney indigenous term " coolich " .	Sing
He approaches Kashima with the offer to participate , but the latter firmly refuses .	Sing
Just as Saitō Dōsan orders Shichibei ’ s death , Tosuke uses a commandeered APC to provide the soldiers a route of escape and their weapons .	Sing
Colors include red , white , black , brindle , sesame , black and tan , and wolf-gray .	Sing
However , with its roots to hunting , they have excellent owner stickiness and work well with recall techniques .	Sing
In 1869 , the English zoologist Thomas W. Blankiston gave the breed the name Hokkaido .	Sing
Ultimately , on November 29 , the Partisans , including their headquarters which were stationed there , left Užice .	Sing
To the south , along the " Vienna Line " separating the German-occupied zone of the NDH from the Italian-occupied zone , the Italians placed a cordon .	Sing
The Supreme Headquarters entered Foča on 25 January and stayed there for three-and-a-half months .	Sing
He co-hosted Vilma Santos ' show " Vilma ! "	Sing
Chrome 20.0.1132.47 ) detect Cain and Abel as malware .	Sing
This allowed the growing Southampton to expand , leading to the urbanisation of the Bitterne Manor area .	Sing
" We cannot blame Forsyth for being inaccurate .	Sing
As a redshirt freshman in 2004 , Adibi backed up Mikal Baquee .	Sing
But when Kris gives him a toy locomotive as a present in exchange , the Warlock befriends Kris as his appearance changes .	Sing
To repay him , he teaches Kris how to use magic snowballs to see anywhere in the world .	Sing
This re-unites Kris with Jessica who informs him that the Burgermeister has banished all the toys and the children now want new ones .	Sing
'They are all lawyers , Sire , ' said Erskine .	Sing
The highway now entered Lincolnton from the south , as it does today .	Sing
The fishes of the sea then took Theseus upon their backs and conveyed him to the palace of Amphitrite , Poseidon 's wife .	Sing
The Gators ' new head coach Urban Meyer replaced Zook for Siler 's sophomore season in 2005 , and Siler amassed seven fumble recoveries .	Sing
Hospital chief Ranganath meets Abhimanyu in a strange incident .	Sing
In 2007 , the bank acquired Morgan Bancorp for $ 26.5 million in cash and stock .	Sing
At present the summit of Mount Hill affords an excellent panorama due to the felling of the forestry plantation around the monument .	Sing
Yukon finally chases the Toy Taker up to the top of the blimp .	Sing
Rudolph and Clarice confront the Toy Taker , with Rudolph 's nose blinding him during the confrontation .	Sing
The reindeer are still chasing the Toy Taker until he pulls a switch and follows the reindeer from behind .	Sing
After this , he became the Toy Taker to save the other toys from being thrown away after their owners outgrew them .	Sing
Angered by his refusal , Democratic leaders bypassed Marmaduke as their candidate in the 1844 election and instead chose the eventual winner , John C. Edwards .	Sing
He began sculpting in 1992 , working with his brother Lameck and with Nicholas Mukomberanwa ; his brother Tafunga is also an artist .	Sing
Founding members include BASF , Bayer CropScience , Dow AgroSciences , DuPont , Monsanto Company and Syngenta .	Sing
These included " Food Evolution " and " Science Moms " .	Sing
Alaska required labeling of GMO fish and shellfish in 2005 , even though no GM fish had been approved by the FDA at the time .	Sing
However , in the 1990s a series of unrelated food crises created consumer apprehension about food safety in general and eroded public trust in government oversight .	Sing
Indian regulators cleared the Bt brinjal , a genetically modified eggplant , for commercialisation in October 2009 .	Sing
He started sculpting in 1979 , working for four years with Bernard Takawira in Chitungwiza .	Sing
He also used his welding and fabricating skills to salvage several motorcycles .	Sing
In August 1951 Devin took the modified Hotshot to Buchannan Field California and won in the novice race on his first outing as a racing driver .	Sing
Devin later sold his Fontana dealership and partnered with Ernie McAfee in a plan to sell exotic-cars .	Sing
This location quickly became a favorite haunt for people involved in motor sports at the time , like Henry N. Manney III .	Sing
Israel 's entry finished twenty-fourth in the Eurovision Song Contest semi-finals , thus failing to qualify for the finals of the competition .	Sing
The early engines were Chevrolet small-block V8s displacing with Rochester fuel injection .	Plur
Richard Boone owned a Porsche Speedster that was damaged while he was on location .	Sing
A Woodhead-Monroe coil-over-shock-absorber at each wheel handled springing and damping .	Sing
CNC published more than 100 weeklies , semiweeklies and monthly publications .	Plur
In the 1940s the Las Vegas Ski Club operated a short rope tow and a warming hut .	Sing
Lee Canyon Ski Area officially became Las Vegas Ski and Snowboard Resort in 1995 .	Sing
He devised the Fink truss and many truss bridges , especially the Fink-Type Truss Bridge .	Sing
Modern-day contributions to Hollywood by Hamiltonians include SCTV alumni Eugene Levy , Martin Short , and Dave Thomas .	Sing
The cast would also include Lyn Bari and be directed by Norman Tinling .	Sing
The palace reflects the splendour attained by the kingdom of the taifa of Zaragoza at the height of its grandeur .	Sing
To it would pour the north and south porticos , and probably rooms and outbuildings to the east and west of this central courtyard .	Plur
They suppose the greater audacity and distance for their innovation with respect to the caliphs models of the arcades of the north side .	Sing
Benyamin Bahadori married Nasim Heshmati in 2010 , they have one daughter named Barana Bahadori .	Sing
It starred Sudeep Sahir and Priya Badlani in the main roles .	Sing
This work demonstrated that the P element is a recently invading parasite of the Drosophila genome and gene pool .	Sing
They involve the betrayal of respect and trust within the relationship .	Sing
King built the first cab-over camper .	Sing
Technically speaking , any RV that can be easily dismounted from its carrying vehicle qualifies as a truck camper .	Sing
Some manufacturers do produce campers specifically for short bed trucks or at least interchangeable with long beds .	Plur
The major Truck Camper Show held bi-annually in the US Midwest features truck campers exclusively .	Plur
When sodium levels are moderately increased , the macula densa releases ATP and reduces prostaglandin E2 release to the juxtaglomerular cells nearby .	Plur
Angiotensin II then causes preferential constriction of the efferent arteriole of the glomerulus and increases the GFR .	Sing
The Riboswitch stem-loop has a region complementary to the Shine-Dalgarno but is sequestered by complimentary base pairing in the loop .	Sing
Castillo cites watching her mother 's struggles as a source of her understanding of the importance of education .	Plur
Castillo and Deputy Superintendent Ed Dennis blamed the vendor , Pennsylvania-based Vantage Learning , for the situation .	Sing
While Mr. Bennet tended to his wife , the Haitian chased the wounded Sylar outside , but soon returned having lost his trail .	Sing
He then asks the Haitian to shoot him in the stomach and wipe his mind of anything that could lead the company to Claire .	Sing
In " Lizards " , Mohinder finds the Haitian in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , suffering from the same virus that attacked Molly Walker .	Sing
Once Gretchen decides to return home , Claire sends René , the Haitian , to make sure Becky won 't hurt Gretchen until she leaves .	Sing
Angela tells Rene that the twins need a conduit , someone who is willing to sacrifice themselves to save the world .	Sing
Tuvok crash-lands on a moon along with Ensign Bennet .	Plur
Considered to be the extreme right of the Kuomintang alongside the Blue Shirts Society , the CC Clique represented traditionalists , anti-Communists , anti-Japanese and land interests .	Plur
Jonathan Hawkins , Brown 's son-in-law and grandfather of the present owner , hired a carpenter from Montgomery to renovate the house .	Sing
The paracellular pathway allows the permeation of hydrophilic molecules that are not able to permeate through the lipid membrane by the transcellular pathway of absorption .	Sing
Staple crops include millet , rice and corn .	Sing
Other important food crops include shea , peanuts , sweet potatoes , mangoes , watermelons and leafy vegetables .	Sing
Other notable works include Goya 's " The Disasters of War " and paintings by Gustave Caillebotte , Louis Dupré , and Jean-Baptiste Regnault .	Plur
Osprey , broad-winged hawk , northern harrier , and peregrine falcon are among the migratory birds of prey found in the refuge .	Sing
Cogdill fractured his right kneecap during the preseason in 1965 .	Sing
Her latest film is " Pour une femme " , released in 2013 , which stars Benoît Magimel , Mélanie Thierry and Nicolas Duvauchelle .	Sing
Singson started EDSA II in October 2000 when he alleged he gave Philippine President Joseph Estrada 400 million pesos as payoff from illegal gambling profits .	Sing
He was once called a ' fascist ' by Eleanor Roosevelt for his views on colonial matters .	Sing
The staircase from the entry hall has a turned newel and balusters with a detailed handrail .	Sing
Ricky Rudd , still sporting swelling in his face from his bad Daytona crash , ran down Darrell Waltrip for his first win with Bud Moore Engineering .	Sing
They currently produce muffins , pancakes and McGriddles for Canadian and American McDonald 's outlets and bagels , cookies and tarts for Tim Hortons outlets in Canada .	Plur
NBA broadcasters Marv Albert and Bill Walton also appear .	Sing
spaceborne element of the Global Information Grid ( GIG ) , TSAT would extend the GIG to users without terrestrial connections providing improved connectivity and data	Sing
Coronado speedboat for about $ 5,500 , ten minutes after the doors opened .	Sing
ADV Films had also licensed " Venus Versus Virus " for release in Germany , but the DVDs were put on hold .	Sing
Chen Guofu joined the Tongmenghui in 1911 .	Sing
Together with his younger brother Chen Lifu , he organized the CC Clique or Central Club Clique of the Kuomintang .	Sing
Mosaic triploidy has an improved prognosis , but affected individuals have moderate to severe cognitive disabilities .	Sing
Slavophile public in Russia honoured the Serbian Queen demonstratively .	Sing
Myotonic dystrophy may have a cortical cataract with a blue dot appearance , or a posterior subcapsular cataract .	Sing
Central sleep apnea or obstructive sleep apnea may cause excessive daytime sleepiness , and these individuals should undergo a sleep study .	Sing
Some small studies have suggested that imipramine , clomipramine and taurine may be useful in the treatment of myotonia .	Sing
His widow , Eugenia Kathleen , left Swindon in 1931 .	Sing
In 2010 Swindon Borough Council established Forward Swindon , the company tasked with delivering and facilitating economic growth and property development in the town .	Sing
Frank debuts the Audi A8 W12 in this film .	Sing
Martin again drives an armoured Audi A8 W12 in the film , as well as a BMX bicycle .	Sing
TNT also ordered a 12-episode second season which aired in the autumn of 2014 .	Sing
A reciprocal trackage rights agreement made March 18 , 1854 , allowed the PRR to use that section for free .	Sing
The measure allowed Forrest to avoid double sessions .	Sing
In 1911 , after the Wuchang Uprising , Chen 's forces occupied Shanghai .	Sing
He signed B.o.B as the label 's first artist , who in 2010 made his debut appearance on to the music scene with great success .	Sing
Writers signed to Rebel Made 's roster include Terence Reid , formerly of The Network , along with fellow producers Finatik and Zac and Danny Morris .	Sing
Valborg tells Cheval she has over 130 more pictures at home , and Cap tells them to leave .	Sing
These two towns have public conveniences , places to stay , a local pub and general store each as well as a police station and fuel supplies .	Plur
The Saxon-Motodd ( marketed as Telelever by BMW ) has a wishbone that mounts to the frame and supports the monoshock unit .	Sing
He completed a legal clerkship , passed the " staatsexamen " in law , and received a doctorate of law from the University of Bonn in 1925 .	Sing
After the 2016 season , Wake Forest signed Clawson to a contract extension .	Sing
Vanhoy himself had briefly coached NOP Member Eric Jenkins while at Northwestern .	Sing
However , each time they find Grandpa Gunnar , a heavy smoker , sicker and sicker .	Sing
Instead , researchers have suggested that men exhibit restrictive emotionality .	Sing
Lawson 's popularity abroad began in 2015 , when he was signed to Gingerbread Man Records and re-released his single , " Wasn 't Expecting That " .	Sing
On 3 April 2015 , Lawson re-released the single " Wasn 't Expecting That " .	Sing
Lawson supported Sheeran on the leg of his X Tour in March and April 2015 .	Sing
He studied histology under Justin Marie Jolly at the Collége de France in Paris , earning his medical doctorate in 1922 .	Sing
The mHawk employs a top-mounted intercooler to improve turbocharger efficiency .	Sing
Sebastian Rivera and Matthias Orrego , has star power Omeñaca Jaime , Francisca Gavilan , Daniel Muñoz , Amparo Noguera and Luz Jimenez .	Sing
He represented Bonavista North in the Newfoundland House of Assembly from 1930 to 1932 .	Sing
Winsor married Gertrude Blackwood in 1914 .	Sing
As of 2016 , they managed 46m sq.ft .	Sing
As of the end of 2016 , KEAS managed approximately 5 million sq.ft .	Sing
As of 2013 , KLN managed approximately 6 million sq.ft .	Sing
Binding causes the depolarization of neurons , and induces the release of both dopamine and norepinephrine .	Sing
Anabaseine causes paralysis in crustaceans and insects , but not in vertebrates , presumably by acting as an agonist on peripheral neuromuscular nicotinic acetylcholine receptors .	Sing
The researchers reacted benzoic anhydride with δ-valerolactam to yield " N " -benzoylpiperidone .	Sing
Following the release of political prisoners on 10 October 1945 , the GHQ enacted the " Restoration of Electoral Rights to Released Political Prisoners . "	Sing
In response to the growing protests the TMT Corporation 's division of Hawaii Community Affairs launched an internet microsite , updating content regularly .	Sing
On September 28 , 2017 , the Hawaii Board of Land and Natural Resources approved the TMT 's Conservation District Use Permit .	Sing
In May 1927 , he married librarian Constance Isabella Docker .	Sing
Bolsova Zadoinov represented Moldova from 2012 to 2013 , until she gained Spanish citizenship in 2013 .	Sing
He studied mycology in Paris with Narcisse Théophile Patouillard and conducted research in Algiers with René Maire .	Sing
The roads connected Batang Merbau in the west to Tanah Merah in the east .	Sing
In 1954 , Hadzi married sculptor Dimitri Hadzi at the Campidoglio in Rome .	Sing
German club Berlin Recycling Volleys beat Russian Gazprom-Ugra Surgut in both matches of the finals .	Sing
His improvisations incorporate squeaks and squeals , but also bop-like stabs and outrageously radical runs that scream for attention .	Plur
These included wax and furs from Novgorod , cod from Bergen , and high-quality wool and cloth from London and Bruges .	Sing
The Russian prince , Grand Duke Ivan III , closed the Kontor in Novgorod in 1494 .	Sing
After the war ended , governmental interventionism became the forefront of all commercial policies in the powers of the Baltic .	Sing
He did however beat Nicholous Perdomo in 2011 , while competing in the 201 lb division .	Sing
He married Laura Parmenter on March 21 , 1922 in New York .	Sing
On January 20 , 1926 , with Fried as captain , " Roosevelt " received an SOS from the British steam cargo ship " Antinoe " .	Sing
After several attempts amidst violent snowstorms and rough seas , " Roosevelt " succeeded in rescuing her crew of twenty-five on midnight of the following day .	Plur
Saltuk became the bey after the death of his uncle Ziyaeddin in 1132 .	Sing
He also highlighted the inconsistency between the free cost of open source and the price the publishers were asking for the book .	Sing
In 1956 he joined first division club SC Empor Rostock which in 1965 mutated into FC Hansa Rostock .	Sing
L 'Officiel des spectacles is a weekly cultural guide to Paris founded by Jean-Philippe Richemond in 1946 .	Plur
This in turn stimulates colonic peristalsis and an urge to defecate .	Sing
BookChums also provides around 50,000 free eBooks , and has a virtual book share program .	Plur
Through AUSIB , he formed a US Congressional Taskforce on US-India Investment and Trade Relations .	Sing
As a student in 1905 he joined Serbian Chetniks .	Plur
He left the Vincentians in 1706 and became known as a travelling priest for the next three decades .	Plur
Peru has entered one artistic gymnast into the Olympic competition for the first time .	Sing
Peru has qualified one judoka for the men 's extra-lightweight category ( 60 kg ) at the Games .	Sing
Peru has qualified one male weightlifter for the Rio Olympics by virtue of a top seven national finish at the 2016 Pan American Championships .	Sing
The second scheme would shorten the mileage of new construction required , but Brechin would only be served by a branch line .	Sing
Brechin North Junction signal box controlled the convergence of the Edzell and Forfar lines ; a double track ran from there to Brechin station .	Sing
A few more species were added later , the last of these being " P. flavescens " in 1996 .	Plur
Lentini received his Confirmation on 16 June 1772 .	Sing
Ielpo would later become Lentini 's confessor .	Sing
He sang " Grenade " in the final showdown against Lili Bayliss and was saved by the judges with only Stan Walker voting to send him home .	Sing
He began climbing in 1939 at the age of 15 , at a time when climbing without assistance had become more common .	Sing
He suffered many persecutions , and died in Rome .	Plur
Venezuela has entered one artistic gymnast for the first time into the Olympic competition .	Sing
Venezuela has qualified one judoka for the women 's middleweight category ( 70 kg ) at the Games .	Sing
He was nicknamed Farid or Faradi due to his reputation in the field of succession law ( " farā ’ iḍ " ) .	Sing
Yawan Mats tried her charms but it was the charm of the Reshi that won .	Plur
He founded Comac Medical ( CRO / SMO ) in 1997 .	Sing
in Economics from Rajasthan University , Jaipur ( India ) , Rakesh Basant obtained a M.Phil .	Sing
She finds her life boring , and escapes from her troubles by taking a series of lovers .	Sing
At the Ashfield Methodist Church in Sydney , Delamothe married Myrtle Eunice Lois Bussell on 23 April 1931 and they had four sons .	Sing
He manages a Russian Amateur Football League team FC Elektroavtomatika Stavropol .	Sing
It became Connor 's highest-charting album since " Naughty but Nice " which also peaked at number three a decade earlier .	Sing
In Germany , the song became Connor 's highest-charting single since 2005 number-one hit " From Zero to Hero . "	Sing
The company also operated an ice cream parlor located in the front of the factory .	Sing
The final price , bid via proxy for an anonymous entity , reached 23,237,000 Swiss Francs , equivalent to USD $ 24 million at the time .	Plur
The 5L system showed improved responsiveness compared to the 3L system , and also good validity and reliability .	Sing
The situation in Salamanca had divided the Nationalists in two .	Plur
In March 1941 , Alcázar began working for Walter Schellenberg , who was the espionage boss of the SS , RSHA .	Sing
He developed leukemia in 1969 and three and a half years later he died in 1973 .	Sing
The band then supported Fugazi on their 1990 tour .	Sing
In 1994 it developed a 3-point internal bore micrometer .	Sing
The company designs and manufactures copper indium gallium deselenide ( CIGS ) photovoltaics .	Plur
Members of the group included Wilfredo Lozano , Norberto James Rawling , Antonio Lockward Artiles , Fernando Sánchez Martínez , Jorge Lara and José Ulises Rutinell Domínguez .	Sing
On 5 September 2016 , he joined FC VSS Košice on loan .	Sing
His assignments included Uniformed Patrol , Child Abuse / Sexual Assault and Vice ( narcotics ) .	Sing
Other preferred habitats include mallee , eucalyptus woodland and " Casuarina cristata " woodland , at elevations ranging .	Sing
She spills the roasting tray and the perfectly roasted turkey lands heavily on the kitchen floor .	Sing
They moved the winery , originally located in southern New Mexico , to La Union , building a new winery but retaining the old name .	Sing
He helped the backfield as an assistant coach for the Southern Miss Golden Eagles in 1967 .	Sing
The Shahbag movement described Haider as their " first martyr " .	Sing
Police found a bloody machete at the scene .	Sing
Unidentified assailants attacked Samad with a machete and shot him to death .	Sing
On 2 March 2015 the RAB arrested Farabi Shafiur Rahman , a radical Islamist , as a suspected murderer of Avijit Roy .	Sing
The creek makes a sharp eastward bend around Providence .	Sing
Major land uses in the watershed of Leggetts Creek include high-density residential , neighborhood commercial , and open space .	Sing
Major invasive plant species include Japanese knotweed , Norway Maple , and Ailanthus .	Sing
It stars Rajendra Prasad , Chandra Mohan , Shantipriya and Kalpana in the lead roles , with music composed by Vasu Rao .	Sing
By 1538 , the rules required the abbot to come from a Polish noble family .	Sing
The airline no longer operates the Tu-134 .	Sing
The flight engineer restarted the right throttle and noticed that the power on the working engine was decreasing , he then pushed the no .	Sing
Stark demanded fulfillment of the contractual terms and a legal battle ensued .	Sing
The oldest , Yuri , became a mathematician in the Soviet Union but was killed in a mountaineering accident in 1931 .	Sing
Its span wing employs winglets .	Plur
Swann received a paycheck marked " FINAL " .	Sing
Natural enemies of the beetle include woodpeckers , which dig the larvae from the bark .	Plur
In the past , boys in Ghanaian society often do not undergo circumcision as an infant .	Sing
Boys will receive circumcision as they undergo initiation into adulthood at the age of ten to fourteen years of age .	Sing
In 1980 it moved into its current premises , " im Tobelacker 22 " in the village of Gockhausen , near the centre of Zurich .	Sing
The film currently holds a 7.1 / 10 on Metacritic and a 90 % score on Rotten Tomatoes .	Sing
The current constituency includes Solingen and Remscheid , together with the Cronenberg , and Ronsdorf districts of Wuppertal .	Sing
Since 2008 , India provides Somalia unilateral duty-free tariff preferential market access for export of goods and services .	Sing
Around the same period , " INS Tabar " prevented the attempted hijacking of an Indian cargo ship off the coast of Somalia .	Sing
The pirates took the dhow onshore into the central Galmudug state of Somalia .	Sing
Somali security forces raided the dhow which led to the pirates fleeing to the hilly areas between El-Hur and Hardheere with nine crew members as hostages .	Sing
Somali forces rescued the dhow , its cargo and the two crew members who had been abandoned by the pirates amidst the clashes .	Sing
After conducting medical checks on crew members and re-supplying the vessel , a Navy ship escorted the " Al Kausar " to its scheduled destination .	Sing
Other cities with sizeable populations include Pune , New Delhi , Mumbai , Mysuru and Aurangabad .	Sing
Composers include Toru Takemitsu , Ichiro Nodaïra , Toshio Hosokawa , Olivier Messiaen and Jörg Widmann .	Sing
Horace Turrell Hincks ( 1886 - 1964 ) married Louisa Sharp on 22 August 1911 in the Primitive Methodist Chapel , Leicester .	Sing
After the death of his father Mehmet in 1104 , Togan Arslan became the bey .	Sing
But she sees Chandran in a restaurant with Geetanjali .	Sing
Then she calls Chandran to know where he is , he tells that he is in his office .	Sing
Sushama confronts Chandran by a big dispute in her house about his whereabouts and his lies .	Sing
The film also stars KPAC Lalitha in a pivotal role .	Sing
He gave the aerodrome , later Wigram Aerodrome , to the government for defence purposes .	Sing
The squadron later flew Short Stirlings , Avro Lancasters and Avro Lincolns .	Plur
487 , ( Lockheed Venturas and De Havilland Mosquitoes ) ; No .	Sing
Other squadrons flew the elderly but effective Douglas Dauntless and , later , the modern Grumman Avenger torpedo bomber .	Sing
The RNZAF bought its own Canberras in 1962 ; these were replaced from 1969 with A-4 Skyhawks .	Sing
At RNZAF Station Wigram in the outskirts of Christchurch was Training Group RNZAF , active by May 1948 .	Sing
The Air Component Commander directs the RNZAF through the triservice staff of HQ JFNZ .	Sing
In November 2015 , Games Workshop announced the reintroduction of Specialist Games , and announced a new version of Blood Bowl was in development .	Sing
Cyanide Studios released an adaption of Dungeonbowl in the same year .	Sing
Storyline followed the " Bad Bay Hackers " in a grudge match against the " Orcland Raiders . "	Sing
Dyce also issued " Recollections of the Table Talk of Samuel Rogers " ( 1856 ) .	Plur
On June 11 , 1876 , Woolworth married Jennie Creighton ( 1853 – 1924 ) .	Sing
365 , he checked in customers , handled baggage and helped serve passengers on US Airways .	Sing
He is also a member the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based think tank .	Sing
" Noa " , on the other hand , lifts the " tapu " from the person or the object .	Sing
In 2003 , these stores were rebranded Debenhams , but the commercial property arm of the business retained the Woolworth 's name .	Plur
Company Treasurer , Hubert Parson , took the Presidency .	Sing
He then forced 34-year-old co-pilot Koga Kazuyuki out , remaining in the cockpit with captain Nagashima Naoyuki , who managed to notify ATC about the hijacking .	Sing
Nishizawa stabbed Nagashima in the chest and took control of the plane , at one point descending to an altitude of .	Sing
Days later , presiding judge Hisaharu Yasui sentenced Nishizawa to life in prison .	Sing
Cases in which the urine is dilute include adrenal insufficiency , hypothyroidism , and drinking too much water or too much beer .	Sing
Low volume hyponatremia is typically treated with intravenous normal saline .	Sing
In 1983 , Turner co-wrote an adaption of the Stephen King novel " Cujo " under the name Lauren Currier .	Sing
OM Kobe operates " Bay Shuttle " between Kobe Airport and KIX .	Sing
These two distinct concepts and practices have separate rationales and serve differing purposes .	Plur
Stewart continued chopping cabbage and responded : " I want to focus on my salad . "	Sing
By September 27 , 2004 , Stewart received the BOP ID 55170-054 .	Sing
Instead , with the drive that would make her a billionaire , Stewart took her lemon of a sentence and made lemonade .	Sing
The line includes bedding , bath , cookware , and dinnerware .	Sing
In October 2018 , she appeared on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show " , alongside Julia Roberts .	Plur
Chemically , lignins are cross-linked phenolic polymers .	Plur
Some ligninolytic enzymes include heme peroxidases such as lignin peroxidases , manganese peroxidases , versatile peroxidases , and dye-decolourizing peroxidases as well as copper-based laccases .	Plur
Some white rot fungi , such as " C. subvermispora " , can degrade the lignin in lignocellulose , but others lack this ability .	Sing
Nurturant maternal care , in turn , may enhance HPA functioning in at least two ways .	Sing
On 21 April 1914 , the United States occupied Veracruz in the aftermath of the Tampico Affair .	Sing
More recently , he played Impulse and The Atom in " Young Justice : Invasion " .	Sing
Her 16-inch salvos pounded Ponape 1 May , destroying fuel tanks , badly damaging the airfield , and demolishing a headquarters building .	Sing
That summer she again carried midshipmen to Northern Europe for training , bringing them home to Annapolis 31 July .	Plur
The landscape is generally accounted picturesque , particularly in the thickly wooded Ådalen region around the Ångerman River .	Sing
It borders Hälsingland , Härjedalen , Jämtland , Ångermanland and the Gulf of Bothnia .	Sing
In the same year , he became the Editor-in-Chief of the Sunday School Monthly Magazine .	Sing
Former Prime Minister Essam Sharaf called Shenouda a " devout clergyman , a good citizen and a valuable leader .	Sing
The spandrels on the upper left and right of the arch contain personifications of victory as winged women .	Plur
The south panel depicts the spoils taken from the Temple in Jerusalem .	Plur
The north panel depicts Titus as " triumphator " attended by various " genii " and lictors , who carry fasces .	Sing
A helmeted Amazonian , Valour , leads the quadriga or four horsed chariot , which carries Titus .	Sing
In 2005 , Sears Holdings Corporation became the parent of Kmart and Sears , after Kmart bought Sears , and formed the new parent .	Sing
" The Observer " was awarded the " National Newspaper of the Year " at the British Press Awards 2007 .	Sing
However , he sometimes lacks self-confidence until something motivates him to perform the needed feat .	Sing
Jack and Annie first meet Teddy when he 's trapped in the form of a dog and spend books 17-20 freeing him from the spell .	Sing
The definition of an attractor uses a metric on the phase space , but the resulting notion usually depends only on the topology of the phase space .	Sing
Examples of strange attractors include the double-scroll attractor , Hénon attractor , Rössler attractor , Tamari attractor , and the Lorenz attractor .	Sing
Parabolic partial differential equations may have finite-dimensional attractors .	Plur
In 1959 , local Inuit established , on their own initiative , the first co-operative in Northern Quebec for the purpose of marketing Arctic char .	Sing
The local density of points in such systems obeys Liouville 's Theorem , and so can be taken as constant .	Sing
( Its modern abstractions include deformation quantization and geometric quantization . )	Sing
Webb had previously created " Dragnet " , and with Cinader had jointly created " Adam-12 " , both of which were TV series about policing .	Sing
followed the firemen and paramedics of Station 51 , and the emergency room staff of Rampart General Hospital .	Plur
It could transmit EKG and voice simultaneously , could be charged in 15 minutes , and had one hour of talking time .	Sing
The on and off-duty firefighters make multiple rescues and the injured girl Squad 51 was originally dispatched to help turns out to be all right .	Plur
In the 1960 – 1961 season , he guest-starred in the episode " The Damaged Dolls " of the syndicated crime drama " The Brothers Brannagan " .	Sing
He told McCall that the songs would make good animation .	Sing
segments also included Nabisco , Kenner Toys , Kellogg 's , and McDonald 's .	Sing
Rocknoceros also performed " Electricity , Electricity " , " Unpack Your Adjectives " , " Energy Blues " , and " Fireworks " .	Sing
A 1987 production of the series for VHS tape featured Cloris Leachman opening the collection and some songs with child dancers and singers .	Sing
The County covered both modern-day South Tyrol , Trentino and the federal state of Tyrol ( including East Tyrol ) in Austria .	Sing
Subsequently , Italian troops entered Tyrol and occupied the Austrian areas south of the Brenner Pass .	Sing
The topics of this institution include , for example , " Liveable Regions " , " Diversity as Added Value " and " Healthy Society " .	Sing
As a result of this marriage , Queen Philippa and King Edward III granted a lifetime annuity to the couple in 1366 .	Sing
According to church tradition , the patriarchate was founded in 42 AD by Mark the Evangelist .	Sing
4 of 1801 anticipate the waltz .	Sing
Introduction of a minus sign can indicate that an increment of frequency corresponds with decrement of wavelength .	Sing
Classical physics led , via the Equipartition theorem , to the Ultraviolet catastrophe , a prediction that the total blackbody radiation intensity was infinite .	Sing
In thermodynamic equilibrium , the thermal radiation emitted from such a body would have that unique universal spectral radiance as a function of temperature .	Sing
Further , one may define the emissivity of the material of the body just so that at thermodynamic equilibrium at temperature , one has .	Sing
long wavelengths ) , Planck 's law becomes the Rayleigh – Jeans law	Sing
Because the components of have to be positive , this shell spans an octant of a sphere .	Sing
Having read Langley , in 1888 , Russian physicist V.A .	Sing
This led Planck to the formula	Sing
Present-day physics explains the transduction between frequencies in the presence of atoms by their quantum excitability , following Einstein .	Sing
The tour brought Grable to the attention of Darryl F. Zanuck , the head of 20th Century-Fox , who offered her a long-term contract .	Sing
After reviewing her screen test , Zanuck cast Grable as Faye 's replacement in the movie .	Sing
The film offered Grable her second teaming with Carole Landis , and it also co-starred Victor Mature .	Sing
Fox then began to develop Philip Wylie 's short story , " Second Honeymoon " , into a script suited for Grable 's talents .	Sing
She played Cynthia Pilgrim , a college student who graduated at the top of her typewriting class during the first year of the Packard Business College .	Sing
It co-starred Douglas Fairbanks Jr . , and was originally directed by Ernst Lubitsch .	Plur
Based on the " Concrete " recording , Max Cavalera recommended Fear Factory to the then-death-metal-focused Roadrunner Records label , which offered the band a recording contract .	Sing
To date , " Obsolete " remains the only Fear Factory album to have achieved gold sales in the U.S .	Sing
In late July 2009 , a short video shot with a cell telephone showed Cazares recording drum tracks with longtime contributor Rhys Fulber .	Plur
In February 2012 , former Chimaira guitar player Matt DeVries replaced Stroud .	Sing
Burton described " The Industrialist " as another concept album " sonically , conceptually , and lyrically " .	Sing
His father was a wealthy Quaker coal mine owner of the Northumberland Landed Gentry .	Sing
Early in life he made acquaintances with the eminent intellectuals of Southern Durham : mathematician William Emerson , and astronomers John Bird and Thomas Wright .	Plur
2003 saw Sick of It All release their seventh studio album : " Life on the Ropes " .	Sing
Some philosophers such as Harry Frankfurt consider Beauchamp and Childress criteria insufficient .	Sing
She shelled Kwajalein and Ebeye from 31 January to 1 February .	Sing
Replenishing at Majuro , on 20 February the ship shelled Wotje , and then the following month also shelled New Ireland and Kavieng .	Sing
She entered Sagami Wan on 27 August to support the airborne occupation of Atsugi Airfield .	Sing
When enough food has accumulated at the gullet base , it forms a vacuole in the cytoplasm , which then begins circulating through the cell .	Sing
Bastnäsite has cerium , lanthanum and yttrium in its generalized formula but officially the mineral is divided into three minerals based on the predominant rare-earth element .	Sing
From 1 April to 7 May 1913 , " Scharnhorst " took Spee to Japan to meet the Taishō Emperor .	Sing
On 13 August , Commodore Karl von Müller , captain of the " Emden " , persuaded Spee to detach his ship as a commerce raider .	Sing
On 14 August , the East Asia Squadron departed Pagan for Enewetak Atoll in the Marshall Islands .	Sing
To keep the German high command informed , on 8 September Spee detached " Nürnberg " to Honolulu to send word through neutral countries .	Sing
Fear of mines in the harbor prevented Spee from seizing the coal in the harbor .	Sing
Cradock quickly detached " Otranto " , as she had no place in the line of battle .	Sing
This forced Sturdee into the windward position and its corresponding worse visibility .	Sing
This allowed " Scharnhorst " and " Gneisenau " to turn back north and get close enough to engage with their secondary 15 cm guns .	Sing
Spee ordered " Gneisenau " to try to disengage while he turned " Scharnhorst " toward his attackers in an attempt to launch torpedoes at them .	Sing
This can cause eutrophication where plant growth is accelerated by the additional material .	Sing
Upon release from the germinated resting spore , zoospores seek out a suitable substrate for growth using chemotaxis or phototaxis .	Sing
falling raindrops , passing animals ) , leading to the dispersal of the ripe mitospores .	Plur
Light also regulates asexual sporulation .	Sing
Some zygomycetes disperse their spores in a more precise manner than simply allowing them to drift aimlessly on air currents .	Plur
" Defence " reached Montevideo two days after the battle and instead , Cradock received the pre-dreadnought battleship .	Sing
The new squadron commander took " Scharnhorst " and " Nürnberg " on a tour of Germany 's Pacific colonies , starting on 20 June .	Sing
The two cruisers reached Tsingtao on 2 March 1913 .	Sing
From 1 April to 7 May , " Scharnhorst " took Spee to Japan to meet the Taishō Emperor .	Sing
The ship stopped in the Marianas , the Admiralty Islands , the Hermit Islands , Rabaul in Neupommern , and Friedrich-Wilhelmshafen in German New Guinea .	Sing
On 13 August , Commodore Karl von Müller , captain of the " Emden " , persuaded Spee to detach his ship as a commerce raider .	Sing
On 14 August , the East Asia Squadron departed Pagan for Enewetak Atoll in the Marshall Islands , with " Scharnhorst " in the lead .	Sing
On 18 November , " Dresden " and " Leipzig " met Spee while en route and the squadron reached St. Quentin Bay three days later .	Sing
The force of eight ships reached the Falklands by 7 December , where they immediately coaled .	Plur
This forced Sturdee into the windward position and its corresponding worse visibility .	Sing
This allowed " Scharnhorst " and " Gneisenau " to turn back north and get close enough to engage with their secondary 15 cm guns .	Sing
In 1994 Adams created the " 42 Puzzle " , a game based on the number 42 .	Sing
In 1716 , he succeeded Kneller as Governor there and held the post until 1720 .	Sing
's " Man on the Moon " begins with ' Mott the Hoople and the Game of Life , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah ... '	Plur
Mott the Hoople also held a warmup gig prior to their five-night stand at the HMV Hammersmith Apollo in October .	Sing
On January 17 , 2017 , Singapore Airlines replaced the Boeing 777-300ER with the new Airbus A350-900 .	Sing
In addition , United Airlines has started a VIP , flight-to-flight , terminal transportation service for Global Services customers , using luxury cars .	Sing
Ed Carpenter 's " Light Wings " , a multicolored glass sculpture suspended below a skylight , adorns the Terminal A North Concourse .	Sing
The corridor leading to Terminal B has Dixie Friend Gay 's " Houston Bayou . "	Sing
In 1946 , Lambeau purchased Rockwood Lodge , a former Norbertine retreat , creating the first self-contained training facility in professional football .	Sing
This proposal was considered rank heresy in Green Bay , and led to rumors that the NFL was pressuring Lambeau to move the team .	Sing
Occasionally , a visiting player will attempt a Lambeau Leap , only to be denied by Packers fans .	Sing
During the , New York Giants running back Brandon Jacobs faked a Lambeau Leap after scoring a touchdown , angering many Green Bay faithful in the stands .	Sing
For many years , Lambeau hosted a popular annual Fourth of July fireworks display , sponsored by locally based retailer Shopko Stores , Inc .	Sing
Mendaña visited first Fatu Hiva and then Tahuata before continuing on to the Solomon Islands .	Sing
In 1791 the American maritime fur trader Joseph Ingraham first visited the northern Marquesas while commanding the brig " Hope . "	Plur
In 1813 Commodore David Porter claimed Nuku Hiva for the United States , but the United States Congress never ratified that claim .	Sing
It later incorporated the Marquesas into French Polynesia .	Plur
Throughout the game , players may also find Blue Coins , which can be exchanged for more Shine Sprites in the boathouse in Delfino Plaza .	Sing
Some players reportedly got blisters , friction burns and lacerations from rotating the analog stick using the palms of their hands instead of using their thumb .	Plur
The first edition of the score is headed " Sonata quasi una fantasia " , a title this work shares with its companion piece , Op .	Sing
Instead , the sonata possesses an end-weighted trajectory , with the rapid music held off until the third movement .	Sing
We can actually regard Chopin as our teacher as he points to the coda and says , ' Look here , this is great .	Sing
In 1623 , James I sold the freehold of Ebury for £ 1,151 and 15 shillings .	Sing
Cubitt developed Pimlico as a grid of handsome white stucco terraces .	Sing
Amphetamine metabolism inhibits enzyme CYP2D6 , but has not been known to interfere with Sertraline metabolism .	Sing
Further work on these compounds led to lometraline and then to tametraline , a norepinephrine and weaker dopamine reuptake inhibitor .	Sing
On 24 November 1980 , Australian rock music group , Midnight Oil , released their first four-track extended play , " Bird Noises " .	Sing
In 2009 , one in four applicants put Monash as their first preference .	Sing
Sir Thomas William Glasgow 's 13th Brigade , and Harold Elliott 's 15th Brigade , recaptured Villers-Bretonneux .	Sing
Restated , the marginal propensity to save is 35 % .	Sing
He appreciated both Albert Einstein and relativity .	Sing
In 1965 , John Wilcock set up the Traveler 's Directory as a listing of his friends willing to host each other when traveling .	Sing
Papadimitriou defined the complexity class PPA to encapsulate problems such as this one .	Sing
In 1623 , Banér married Catharina Elisabeth von Pfuel ( 1598 – 1636 ) , Lady-in-waiting of Maria Eleonora of Sweden .	Sing
Since the 17th century , provincial boundaries in China have remained largely static .	Sing
This arrangement provoked constant smuggling against the Spanish trading laws and new attempts at Caribbean colonization in peacetime by England , France and the Netherlands .	Sing
The smaller towns of the Main grew tobacco and also welcomed foreign smugglers who avoided the Spanish mercantilist laws .	Plur
The old English and French privateering anchorages from the 16th century in the Caribbean now swarmed anew with Dutch warships .	Plur
England , France and the Dutch Netherlands had all become New World colonial powerhouses in their own right by 1660 .	Plur
Many aspects of being a slave overall increased the allure of the pirating lifestyle .	Sing
The table below shows the acronyms used .	Plur
The airline leased two additional Airbus A320s in 2013 , together with five Boeing 787s to strengthen and revitalise its regional network and international routes respectively .	Plur
He released the psychedelic " Mutations " in 1998 , and the funk-infused " Midnite Vultures " in 1999 .	Plur
In 2007 , Beck released the single " Timebomb " , which was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance .	Sing
Contributors included MGMT , Devendra Banhart , Andrew Stockdale of Wolfmother and Binki Shapiro of Little Joy .	Sing
In March 2010 , Beck revealed that he had produced songs for the new Jamie Lidell album , " Compass " .	Sing
Major antiquarian Latin writers with surviving works include Varro , Pliny the Elder , Aulus Gellius , and Macrobius .	Sing
Rosemary Sweet suggests that 18th-century antiquaries	Plur
During this period he also suffers amnesia until he enters a quasi-mythological exile in the jungle of Sundarban , where he is re-endowed with his memory .	Sing
In 1955 , when the Gibbs moved back to their home town of Manchester , the brothers formed The Rattlesnakes .	Plur
In January 1969 , Gibb co-wrote another Marbles single , " The Walls Fell Down , " and co-produced the sessions that same month .	Plur
He also started a mini-tour , making television appearances in a dozen countries to promote " Saved by the Bell " .	Sing
In 1968 Gibb married Molly Hullis , a secretary in Robert Stigwood 's organisation .	Sing
Tim Rice described Gibb as " a charming man " .	Sing
On 10 July 2009 , both brothers were also made Freemen of the Borough of Douglas , Isle of Man .	Sing
A six-day trial in Tampa , Florida was declared a mistrial on 27 September 2010 , after the jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision .	Sing
Other Muslim groups include ethnic Georgians in Adjara ( an autonomous region in the southwestern part of the country ) and Chechens in the northeast .	Plur
This reduced the downforce on the main wheels thereby reducing the effectiveness of the wheel brakes .	Sing
The 737NG included redesigned vertical stabilizers , and winglets were available on most models .	Plur
The enhancements improve takeoff and landing performance .	Sing
Variants include the P-8 Poseidon .	Sing
When day breaks , Enid warns Geraint of the plot .	Sing
He leaves Camelot and eventually arrives at the castle of Pellam and Garlon .	Sing
Dying , Balan assures Balin that their Queen is pure and good .	Sing
Once they are alone , she berates Lancelot for giving grounds for slander from court and reminds Lancelot that she cannot love her too-perfect king , Arthur .	Sing
His pious sister had beheld the Grail and named Galahad her " knight of heaven " , declaring that he , too , would behold it .	Sing
Percival sees the grail , far away , not as close or real an image as Galahad saw , above Galahad 's head .	Sing
When Ettare wakes , she curses Gawain .	Sing
Arthur delegates the judging of the Tournament to Lancelot and takes a company to purge the evil .	Sing
" The Tournament of the Dead Innocence " becomes a farce , full of discourtesies , broken rules , and insults .	Sing
But when rumours of war between Arthur and Lancelot and Mordred 's usurpation reach the convent , the novice 's careless chatter pricks the Queen 's conscience .	Sing
Teams must field at least one class C5 or C6 player at all times .	Sing
This network of venues later formed a ready-made launch pad for the punk scene .	Sing
Rohwedder also studied optometry , graduating in 1900 with a degree in optics from what is now the Northern Illinois College of Ophthalmology and Otology in Chicago .	Sing
In 1930 Continental Baking Company introduced Wonder Bread as a sliced bread .	Sing
It uses high-speed NPN and PNP germanium drift transistors , with cut-off frequency over 100 MHz , and using ~ 50mW each .	Sing
He sold bibles and vacuum cleaners door-to-door , and eventually became a sales manager for the " Encyclopedia Americana " .	Plur
In the mid-1980s , Nelson , Jennings , Kristofferson , and Johnny Cash formed The Highwaymen , who achieved platinum record sales and toured the world .	Sing
He sued Price Waterhouse , contending that they put his money in illegal tax shelters .	Sing
The next year , he created Willie 's Roadhouse , aired on channel 56 of SiriusXM radio .	Sing
Nelson traces his genealogy to the American Revolutionary War , in which his ancestor John Nelson served as a major .	Sing
As Cochran made arrangements to pay the bail , he took Nelson a six-pack of beer to his cell .	Sing
In 1983 , Nelson cut his braids and gave them to Jennings as a gift during a party celebrating Jennings ' sobriety .	Plur
'Judentum ' however in 19th-century Germany carried a much broader meaning — roughly analogous to the nonce English word ' Jewdom ' ( cf .	Sing
Ben Reed also started the Great Sea Serpents based out of Chicago , IL .	Plur
Mike and Ben have also formed the band Able Baker Fox with former drummer Jeff Gensterblum and Nathan Ellis from the Casket Lottery .	Sing
He proposed that some people had a single temperament , while others had an admixture of two , a primary and secondary temperament .	Sing
Émile Zola employed the four temperaments in " Thérèse Raquin " .	Plur
He accompanied Sterling on an excursion to Cambridge , which temporarily restored Banim 's health .	Sing
In 1786 , Richard Colt Hoare of Stourhead bought the Tor and funded repair of the tower in 1804 , including the rebuilding of the north-east corner .	Sing
The Industrial Revolution reached Batley in 1796 with the arrival of its first water powered mills for carding and spinning .	Sing
Other nightlife venues include Brooklands , Mr Smith 's , Le Choix Bar , the Bank , Legends , Bar Deco & Audio Nightclub .	Plur
The B6265 connects Bingley to Keighley .	Sing
It seems Bingley may have got off relatively lightly .	Sing
Over a distance of , it crosses the Pennines , and includes 91 locks on the main line .	Plur
The magazine , subscribed to by over 500,000 readers , publishes ten times a year .	Plur
It dropped " Monthly " from the cover beginning with the January / February 2004 issue , and officially changed the name in 2007 .	Sing
Most species of " Euglena " have photosynthesizing chloroplasts within the body of the cell , which enable them to feed by autotrophy , like plants .	Plur
All euglenoids have two flagella rooted in basal bodies located in a small reservoir at the front of the cell .	Sing
Instead , it has a pellicle made up of a protein layer supported by a substructure of microtubules , arranged in strips spiraling around the cell .	Sing
Ehrenberg did not notice " Euglena " s flagella , however .	Sing
However , Griffin , Drummond and Bonnecaze reunited Better Than Ezra as a trio by the end of 1990 .	Sing
Longtime drummer Travis McNabb left Better Than Ezra in February 2009 and their last performance together was Family Gras in Metairie , Louisiana .	Sing
After several years of Exidy production , CompuData developed their own 16-bit Intel 8088 – based machine called the Tulip , replacing the Sorcerer in 1983 .	Sing
The Montfort Brothers made an EPROM PAC with a rechargeable battery inside and 16 kB RAM with an external write-protect switch .	Sing
IEC / 80000-13 defines one byte as 8 bits ( 1 B = 8 bit ) .	Sing
Their first Atlantic single , " All or Nothing " , briefly made a dent on the pop charts in 1966 .	Sing
Wickham later credited Dusty Springfield with convincing her to hire the group to perform on " Ready , Steady , Go " in London .	Sing
The company similarly licensed an Applesoft-compatible BASIC to VTech for its Laser 128 clone .	Sing
The TRS-80 Model 4 had a newer disk-based BASIC that utilized the BASIC-80 5.x core , which included support for 40 character variable names .	Sing
Microsoft produced a ROM-based MSX BASIC for use in MSX home computers , which used a Z80 processor .	Sing
The ureters cross the pelvic brim near the bifurcation of the iliac arteries ( which they run over ) .	Sing
The liver also produces bile , and the body uses bile to break down fats into usable fats and unusable waste .	Sing
Bile also contains bilirubin , which is a waste product .	Sing
Once the kidney stone ( s ) are successfully eliminated , the urologist will commonly suggest medication to prevent future recurrences .	Sing
One Matilda had a damaged turret crank that allowed it to turn clockwise only .	Sing
( Brigadier George Alan Vasey and Lieutenant-Colonel William Cremor have criticized Freyberg for not properly defending Maleme Airfield . )	Sing
Hargest also blamed Freyberg for the loss of the airfield .	Sing
" Kelly " shot down a " Stuka " immediately and another was badly damaged and crashed upon returning to base .	Sing
Österlin commandeered a small wooden lighter at Piraeus and arranged for the tanks to be lowered onto it .	Sing
The battle for Crete did not delay Operation Barbarossa .	Sing
Mike Holmgren got his collegiate coaching start as the team 's Offensive Coordinator in 1981 .	Sing
After a call for a mascot by the student newspaper the " Bay Leaf " , students suggested the " alligator " for its strength and steadfastness .	Sing
The students also suggested the spelling " Golden Gaters , " with an " e , " in reference to the Golden Gate .	Plur
Other announced projects included " Curly " and " Second Act Curtin " .	Sing
Her two children from her marriage to Tone became Wilde 's stepsons .	Plur
This growing dissatisfaction led Grand Funk Railroad to fire Knight in early 1972 .	Sing
That year he criticised HUAC .	Sing
" Lux Radio Theatre " presented " The Jolson Story " on February 16 , 1948 .	Sing
It stars Ronald Colman and Signe Hasso .	Sing
When the play begins its second year , Tony asks Brita to remarry him , but she refuses .	Sing
Tony suspects Brita is in love with Bill .	Sing
He led UMass to numerous # 1 rankings and the 1996 NCAA Final Four .	Sing
The punch missed Ferry because Knicks ' head coach Jeff Van Gundy stepped in at the last second , resulting in his being head-butted by Camby .	Sing
Then , an injury that occurred to Kaman and the arrival of forward Zach Randolph brought Camby back to the starting center position .	Sing
In 1954 , Roberta Garfield married attorney Sidney Cohn , who died in 1991 .	Sing
He indicts both Lord Alfred 's vanity and his own weakness in acceding to those wishes .	Sing
As the two grew closer , family and friends on both sides urged Wilde and Douglas to lessen their contact .	Sing
When they refused , he began publicly harassing Wilde .	Sing
He quickly visited Wilde and offered him a book from his personal library , the sympathy bringing Wilde to tears .	Sing
In 1912 Arthur Ransome had published " Oscar Wilde : a critical study " .	Sing
Douglas sued Ransome for libel , and the case went to the High Court in April 1913 .	Sing
MCU 8051 IDE has its own simulator and assembler ( support for some external assemblers is also available ) .	Sing
The current version 1.4 supports many microcontrollers including :	Plur
The place has Kendriya Vidyalaya ( Central School ) .	Sing
Miller raced collegiality for Marian University 's cycling team .	Sing
In 2016 , Crain 's Cleveland Business listed Cutler as one of the Top Paid CEOs .	Sing
The second , third and fifth Baronets also represented both Banbury and Oxfordshire .	Sing
The seventh Baronet represented Banbury and Newport , IOW .	Sing
She reached Eniwetok on 21 May 1945 and , on 22 May 1945 , sailed for Ulithi Atoll in the western Caroline Islands .	Sing
Spider-Man returns to the lab and is given a gene cleanser from Martha which must be administered to Connors orally .	Sing
He secretly grabs another vial of gene cleanser and returns home , frustrated about his reputation .	Sing
He replaced originally cast Willie Rosario in the pre-opening rehearsal period after Rosario suffered a prolonged knee injury .	Sing
Both pitches each have permanent dugouts , stands to accommodate the numerous loyal fans and have railings on all four sides .	Plur
In 1258 , Euphemia and her husband funded a Cistercian in Rudy .	Sing
" And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth , and it grieved him at his heart . "	Sing
Depressing the lever releases the shutter and it relocates to the 65 degrees standoff position .	Sing
Depressing the lever again cocks the shutter and winds on the film .	Sing
Treitschke in particular viewed Prussia as the logical agent of unification .	Sing
The cast includes Cora Miao , Chow Yun-fat , Cherie Chung and Elaine Jin .	Sing
On August 24 , they premiered " In Ashes They Shall Reap " on their official MySpace .	Sing
And finally reog Ki Ageng Kutu attacking the college , causing kertabumi an uprising by warok quickly resolve , and forbidden to continue teaching will warok .	Sing
On 9 November 2013 , he married Shana Cox , also an American-born sprinter representing Great Britain .	Sing
Members of the Institute include major post-tensioning materials fabricators , manufacturers of prestressing materials and companies supplying materials , services and equipment used in post-tensioned construction .	Plur
In 1956 , General Electric built the Pinellas Plant on a plot in Pinellas County , Florida .	Sing
While the period from 1815-1830 represents the incubation of the movement , 1830 to 1844 marks its most intense and significant activity .	Sing
Later , Mary , who has grown to care about Norman , tells Lila that she is backing out of their plan .	Sing
In 2013 , the TLCA Eagles achieved their first shut-out , winning 21 – 0 against Cross Plains .	Sing
The band received sweepstakes , earning only " 1 's " from the judges in both concert and sight-reading .	Plur
Monahan has likened " Cab " to being " the metaphoric song on the album " .	Sing
The guard bees also ball hornets to death .	Plur
" Vespa velutina " preferentially hawk " Apis mellifera " foragers .	Plur
The paneled main wooden door has leaded sidelights and top .	Plur
Galen Ayers next formed the band Galen .	Sing
The internal structure of the shell consists of concavo-convex chambers linked by a centrally-placed tube called a siphuncle .	Sing
It 's up to the robot SWEEVO ( Self Willed Extreme Environment Organism ) to clean the place up and thereby achieve Active Status .	Sing
The tomb has a marble slab beneath which is a stone cadaver decorated with an alabaster frieze .	Sing
The inscription mentions de Bower , but there is some debate about the accuracy .	Sing
Semana Libros No.2 , Cuando el libro es un objeto de arte , Luis A. Parra , Nov 04	Plur
Beyond these primary trainings , they offer ongoing mentoring and coaching , including large events and one-on-one trainings .	Sing
In order to restore law and peacekeeping to the country , the council had installed a new Chief Justiciar and Chancellor .	Sing
They had also appointed new sheriffs in the counties , who were to be directly accountable to the government and be replaced annually .	Plur
The one-sided decision for the king and against the barons left Montfort with little choice but armed rebellion .	Sing
In May Edward escaped captivity , with the help of Gilbert de Clare , Earl of Gloucester , who had now come over to the royal side .	Sing
The one-sided decision for the king and against the barons left Montfort with little choice but armed rebellion .	Sing
This put Montfort in a situation where concessions were necessary , in order to bring hostilities to a halt as soon as possible .	Sing
The internal structure of the shell consists of concavo-convex chambers linked by a centrally-placed tube called a siphuncle .	Sing
He had married a Miss Emerson .	Sing
On 21 August 2009 , he left Telstar and signed a one-year contract with FC Carl Zeiss Jena .	Sing
Wilson Gottardo joined Cruzeiro in 1997 , after playing for Fluminense in the same year .	Sing
With Cruzeiro , he won the Campeonato Mineiro in 1997 and in 1998 , and the Copa Libertadores in 1997 .	Sing
He left Cruzeiro in 1998 to play for Sport in 1999 , when he won the Campeonato Pernambucano , and then retired .	Sing
He represented Alberni from 1906 to 1907 and Skeena from 1909 to 1915 in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia as a Conservative .	Sing
Mooney and Richmond leave Saxton with the case , thinking Keesler is still in it .	Sing
He plays the perennially lovesick Meir , a Jewish-Israeli photojournalist and friend to the main character of the show .	Sing
The church deemed this decision discriminatory and tried by all possible legal means to challenge it .	Sing
Sarah finds the colorful Eve interesting enough to accept an invitation to the Club Cezanne in New York .	Sing
He met his wife Dolores ( from Youghal , County Cork ) while in New York City .	Plur
In decline he served the Elector of Saxony in Dresden from 1800 .	Sing
The trucks have one or more loudspeakers which play a recorded message or recorded music as the truck tours through neighborhoods .	Plur
In the same year he appeared as Zeke in the television movie " Welcome to the Jungle Gym " .	Sing
One of the first floor windows has a walk-up sliding window with a shed roof overhang .	Sing
GAME2 mode generates random mazes for each level .	Plur
Sargoza lights the burner and is blown up .	Sing
" Check Point Rocks " 2009 Fermin Muguruza and Javier Corcuera	Sing
The song represent DAM , who are they ?	Sing
The 9th district included Evanston , Niles , Park Ridge , Skokie and parts of Chicago and Des Plaines .	Sing
The 10th district included Buffalo Grove and parts of Arlington Heights and Waukegan .	Sing
The 11th district included Kankakee and parts of Bloomington , Joliet and Normal .	Sing
The 12th district included Belleville , Carbondale , East St. Louis , Granite City , O 'Fallon and part of Alton .	Sing
The 13th district included Bolingbrook and parts of Aurora and Naperville .	Sing
The 15th district included Champaign , Charleston , Danville , Mattoon , Urbana and parts of Bloomington and Normal .	Sing
The 17th district included Moline , Quincy , Rock Island and part of Decatur .	Sing
The 18th district included East Peoria , Pekin , Peoria and part of Springfield .	Sing
He joined Independiente in July 2014 .	Sing
She made her La Scala début in 1967 and at the Deutsche Oper Berlin in 1970 .	Sing
The statistics below encompass both enrollments .	Plur
From 2017 the social education department offers a six-month 30 ECTS course in the Early Childhood-field .	Plur
" , they immersed a showgirl ( Annie A-Bomb ) in liquid chocolate and invited members of the audience to lick it off .	Sing
The war over , " John Q. Roberts " departed Leyte on 20 August 1945 to escort a convoy to Okinawa .	Sing
The largest battery contains 100 ovens built back-to-back , and the smallest battery contains 24 built back-to-back .	Sing
Southern States Iron and Coal produced coke at Dunlap until 1922 , when it shut down its Dunlap operations .	Sing
They followed a visionary named Bernhard Müller , who called himself " Count de Leon " .	Sing
When the Count died , a congressman	Sing
The stationary energy , industrial processes and liquid fossil fuel sectors entered the NZ ETS on 1 July 2010 .	Sing
Firms then receive an allocations based on their expected production of the emissions intensive good .	Plur
In November 2012 , the Government passed the Climate Change Response ( Emissions Trading and Other Matters ) Amendment Act 2012 .	Sing
Purtscher 's retinopathy likely involves complex pathophysiology , with several contributing factors , including complement-mediated aggregates , fat , air , fibrin clots and platelet clumps .	Sing
Tantrum entered TNL Onstage 2005 , and won the trophy for the Best Band .	Sing
He played Mozart 's Fantasy in D-minor at a recital at age 9 .	Sing
While there he was dubbed Mani by one of his teachers , Mr. Hill .	Sing
He appears with the latter ’ s band in the short film " Deviled Hams " ( 1937 ) .	Plur
It borders Småland , Scania and the Baltic Sea .	Sing
I have given you the most important particulars as far as I know , & trust they are satisfactory .	Plur
As with other dialects of British English , " -ise " endings are preferred : " realise " instead of " realize " .	Sing
The Lee Street elevation features a colonnade of eight Doric columns , while the Court Street elevation contains three-story pilasters .	Sing
Round-arch openings on the first story have articulated voussoirs .	Plur
It borders Småland , Västergötland , Närke , Södermanland and the Baltic Sea .	Sing
From west to east , in the middle parts , extends the Östgöta Plain ( " Östgötaslätten " ) .	Sing
Pan Am and Northwest Orient used Haneda as a hub .	Sing
The initial explosion killed seven boiler stokers , but the crew was able to evacuate the wounded onto .	Plur
Guo joined " The Rap of China " produced by iQiyi as a contestant .	Sing
Since July 2018 CudaText has a sync scroll plug-in .	Sing
The motorway junction Hannover / Kirchhorst also reaches the A7 .	Sing
In 1858 , Brady married Caledonia Tinsley , the first of three wives .	Sing
Dacre married Ela ( or Elizabeth ) Maxwell , said to be the daughter of Alexander Maxwell , of the family that owned Caerlaverock Castle in Scotland .	Sing
This work led Marvel to investigate the effects of cloud cover on modeling rising temperatures , which has proved an important variable in climate models .	Sing
She has also spoken about her path to becoming a scientist for the science-inspired storytelling series , " The Story Collider " .	Sing
" Euphrates " reached Madras on 20 February 1804 , was at Vizagapatam on 20 March , and arrived at Calcutta on 7 April .	Sing
She reached Madras on 16 August and arrived at Diamond Harbour on 11 September .	Sing
" Euphrates " finally reached Madras on 10 September .	Sing
At some point the escorts left the Indiamen .	Sing
She left Columbo on 29 December and at 11 p.m. on 1 January 1813 grounded on rocks 100 yards off Dondra Head , Ceylon .	Sing
Common names include the Chilean sheepshead wrasse , the goldspot sheepshead or the Galapagos sheepshead wrasse .	Sing
Part of the route will use the trackbed of the former Mauritius Government Railways .	Sing
Some sports use caliber dependent gauging for paper targets .	Sing
He played Aiden Stockton in " Spark " in 2016 , and also appeared in " Film Stars Don 't Die in Liverpool " as Tim .	Sing
In 1941 , after graduating from Bezalel , Laufer married Sigmund Laufer , an artist she met while studying at Bezalel .	Sing
He was drafted 60th overall in the 2017 CFL Draft by the Lions and signed with the team on May 23 , 2017 .	Sing
Noguchi designed the Radio Nurse Receiver , which was made from a dark colored Bakelite in a streamlined modernist form .	Sing
He also starred Ho Man Jahan and Parchi both were well received at the box office	Sing
Beginning with the next meeting between the two squads in 1909 , Alabama won the next thirteen matchups against Clemson .	Plur
She worked on the film , Disney 's " McFarland USA " along with screenwriters Christopher Cleveland and Grant Thompson .	Sing
On 8 April , she played Rosalind in the Theatre Royal Haymarket .	Sing
Bradford Council have actively let a wildflower meadow grow in the woods .	Sing
This has helped ghost moths to proliferate and this was highlighted on the BBC One programme , The One Show .	Plur
The mid-nineteenth century to the early twentieth century saw the disintegration of this system .	Sing
" Gonna Make You an Offer You Can 't Refuse	Sing
" Gonna Make You an Offer You Can 't Refuse " is a song written in 1973 by John Worth , a pseudonym used by Les Vandyke .	Sing
The last passenger train left Cooma in November 1988 and the last freight train in 1989 .	Sing
The gables display fretwork and finials and rendered walls have masonry detailing .	Sing
It enabled Cooma to become the commercial centre of the region and the district 's agricultural economy to flourish .	Sing
However , their number also symbolizes the fullness of life and believers of God who gather from all directions with a hunger and thirst for life .	Sing
Neil Alexander performed on harmonica on two cuts , " Life 's Too Short " and " Blues Enough " .	Sing
However , in 2014 they added Joanne Alexander and Nancy Hampton to the live lineup , singing backup .	Sing
Torres Small defeated Madeline Hildebrandt in the Democratic Party primary election , and defeated Republican nominee Yvette Herrell in the November 6 , 2018 , general election .	Sing
Previously , he represented Veracruz as a federal deputy in the LXIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress .	Sing
In 1932 he joined the NSDAP due to feelings of patriotism .	Sing
His sons Holger and Falk are also well known zoologists .	Sing
The block used was NAA · 000 to PZZ · 999 , starting at NAA-000 , with the O-series initially skipped and used last .	Sing
Starting on 19 August 2013 , limited edition " Queenslander !	Sing
The US Forest Service engaged the first female fire lookout - Miss Hallie Morse Daggett in 1913 .	Sing
Finally the court cited Bowers v. Hardwick in refusing to recognize any new privacy right for Peyote Way to practice their religion .	Plur
In 2018 , he replaced Bambang Subiyanto as the acting chairman of the Institute .	Sing
He holds Ghanaian Asamoah Gyan as his main inspiration .	Sing
After this , NSW commenced issuing allocations of other jurisdictions , starting with GAA-000 in 1972 .	Plur
It acquired the title Naval Aircraft Materials Laboratory in the early 1950s and since then its status and title have not changed .	Plur
The company currently has 4 Subsidiaries under its ownership :	Plur
Thermal subsidence lowered the drowned seamount to its present depth .	Sing
These spurs have widths of and surface features that are distinct from those on the main flat top .	Plur
Farther north from Wōdejebato lies Lōjabōn-Bar seamount , and Look Guyot is due east .	Sing
The rocks contain clinopyroxene , olivine , plagioclase and pyroxene phenocrysts .	Sing
Sea level rise on its own probably does not explain the drowning .	Sing
It is also commonly called data extrusion or data exportation .	Sing
Between eight and twenty pale green to yellowish flowers with red markings , long and wide are borne on a flowering stem tall .	Sing
The base of the labellum has purple calli and two purple plates .	Sing
During the process , the Coalition secures an additional Ouroboros Bracelet , which Guan Yinping uses to wield the power of Freyja .	Sing
Historic England cites the Church 's artistic embellishment as one of the reasons for its designation .	Sing
" Salambáw " operated at night may use fishing light attractors .	Plur
He replaced Jean-Christophe Bouvier and was replaced by Thierry Devimeux .	Sing
The enclosed garden alludes to hortus conclusus ; its inclusion implies the Virgin 's virtue and purity .	Sing
For an atmosphere of divinity , El Greco has depicted the supernatural simultaneous glowing of the sun and the moon .	Sing
The base of the labellum has glossy purple calli and two purple ridges .	Sing
The film has been called " a requiem for a time before big money ruined the art world . "	Sing
He has also represented Kiribati in basketball and football , playing for the latter as a midfielder at the 2003 South Pacific Games .	Sing
Jussi 69 then asked Reckless Love frontman Olli Herman to join , and the initial line-up was rounded out by Santa Cruz 's Archie Cruz .	Sing
She used the best caterers and the best orchestras .	Plur
She met a polo-playing socialite , Bulkeley Wells , around 1914 .	Sing
After his retirement , he became Distinguished Fellow there in 1997 .	Sing
From 1953 , Motorcycles had the NT insert embossed at the left hand side while the remainder is embossed as 12-345 in white on black base .	Sing
Shaw is one of Ireland ’ s leading science communicators .	Plur
KZJZ has an ERP Of 19,000 watts .	Sing
These have a customised insert of their town , and are usually blue lettering on a reflective yellow background ; slogans vary .	Sing
Over and above his country estates he had a townhouse at 7 West Maitland Street in the West End of Edinburgh .	Sing
Prison Fellowship declared Second Chance Month for the first time in April 2017 .	Sing
Other sponsors of the bill include Sens .	Plur
Prison Fellowship organized the Virtual Second Chance 5K for people to show support for Second Chance Month in their own communities .	Sing
Skilled labor involved carpenters , masons and saddlers .	Plur
He was already operating steamboats as early as 1838 in Ohio and Pennsylvania .	Plur
They tapped Sterrett as the new company 's fleet superintendent and appointed him as one of the officers .	Sing
He also purchased two tugboats for pulling barges laden with cotton as an efficient means of conveying freight .	Plur
Their daughter Emelia married Edmund Filmer , and was mother of Sir Edmund Filmer , 8th Baronet .	Sing
Flamengo played local rival 's Botafogo in the finals , winning the series 2-0 .	Sing
Montezuma was crowned Señorita Panamá 2018 on June 7 , 2018 at Roberto Duran Arena in Panama City and then competed at the Miss Universe 2018 .	Sing
Her 1998 dissertation was titled " Loss of Uteroglobin Expression in Metastatic Human Prostate Cancer " .	Sing
During the evening of 29 January 1800 , off Le Havre , captured the French privateer lugger " Vigoureaux " ( or " Vigoreaux " ) .	Sing
The hospital contained two swing cots and four berths for patients .	Plur
The Russian warships illuminated the trawlers with their searchlights and opened fire .	Plur
She represented Panamá in the 2018 Miss International pageant , that will be held on November 9 , 2018 in Tokyo , Japan but unplaced .	Sing
She received a third mast for training duties .	Sing
He attended a commencement of Georgetown College on July 25 , 1825 and another on July 30 , 1827 .	Sing
In 2017 , she came 3d at the rowing world championships U23 , winning the bronze medal .	Sing
She introduced the specialty of Micropaleontology at the University of Granada .	Sing
They also offered carpentry and blacksmithing services .	Sing
His queen , Dorothea ( 1430 / 1431-1495 ) , bequeathed 300 gulden to Mårkær Monastery .	Plur
During his early career , Giga represented KM-Perlas Vilnius in RKL .	Sing
He had a townhouse in New York City at 39 East 72nd Street .	Sing
MTV discontinued preview airings beginning with the third episode in hopes of maximizing ratings for the Tuesday broadcasts .	Plur
On July 15 , 2015 , WADL added Grit to 38.2 , moving Get TV to 38.3 in the process .	Sing
WADL also carried MeTV as its DT4 affiliation replacing The Word Network .	Sing
The station canceled the noon and 9 p.m. newscasts after only four months on May 23 , 2012 , filling the time slots with syndicated programming .	Sing
Pharmaciens Sans Frontières was awarded the " practitioner of the year award " for their performance during 1999 by the FIP Foundation for Education and Research .	Sing
they sent out pharmacists to an operation in Kenya .	Plur
These use an anklet as well , but a brass eyelet is slipped through , far enough away that the toes will not get caught in it .	Sing
A falconry permit allows a falconer to trap certain birds at certain times of the year .	Sing
In order to track a raptor that has flown away , many falconers use radio telemetry .	Sing
Accordingly , wild birds of prey will attack an owl mercilessly if given the opportunity , even killing it if they 're able to do so .	Sing
Laws also carefully regulate falconry in many areas .	Sing
Its population centres include Bega , Tathra , Merimbula , Eden , Bemboka , Eurobodalla Shire , Moruya , Batemans Bay and Narooma .	Sing
The flights connected Ahmedabad , Surat , Jamnagar , Bhavnagar and Kandla using a nine-seater Cessna Grand Caravan aircraft .	Sing
It helped eradicate hookworm and created the county agent system in American agriculture , linking research as state agricultural experiment stations with actual practices in the field .	Sing
It helped eradicate hookworm and created the county agent system in American agriculture , linking research at state agricultural experiment stations with actual practices in the field .	Sing
Both Premiers Nick Greiner and Barry O 'Farrell have held Ku-ring-gai while in office , the other two electorates being Wollondilly and Maroubra .	Sing
Both Premiers Bob Heffron and Bob Carr have held Maroubra while in office , the other two electorates being Wollondilly and Ku-ring-gai .	Sing
Hazzard joined the Coalition shadow frontbench after the 1995 election , and served as a minister in the O 'Farrell , Baird and Berejiklian governments .	Sing
It includes eastern Tweed Shire , including Tweed Heads , Kingscliff , Fingal Head , Chinderah , Cudgen , Bogangar , Pottsville and Burringbar .	Sing
The electorate currently includes Uralla Shire , Armidale Regional Council , Glen Innes Severn , Inverell Shire , Gwydir Shire and Moree Plains Shire .	Sing
The redistribution ahead of the 2015 state election saw Northern Tablelands expanded again to 53,153.76 square kilometres .	Plur
His name " Olatunde " means " Wealth comes again " in Yoruba .	Sing
However , only the first pipeline has a barrel shifter and hardware for confirming the prediction of conditional branches .	Sing
Adds and multiplies have a latency of three cycles and the adder and multiplier can accept a new instruction every cycle .	Sing
The divide unit has a 12- or 19-cycle latency , depending on whether the divide is single precision or double precision , respectively .	Sing
Square root instructions have an 18- or 33-cycle latency for single precision or double precision , respectively .	Sing
Reciprocal square roots have longer latencies , 30 to 52 cycles for single precision ( 32-bit ) and double precision ( 64-bit ) respectively .	Plur
The MIPS IV ISA has a multiply – add instruction .	Sing
The cache is two-way set associative , but to avoid a high pin count , the R10000 predicts which way is accessed .	Sing
The system interface controller supports glue-less symmetrical multiprocessing ( SMP ) of up to four microprocessors .	Sing
R12000 users include NEC , Siemens-Nixdorf , SGI and Tandem Computers ( and later Compaq , after their acquisition of Tandem ) .	Sing
The R18000 improved the floating-point instruction queues and revised the floating-point unit to feature two multiply – add units , quadrupling the peak FLOPS count .	Plur
Besides the CP , the R3000 can also support an external R3010 numeric coprocessor and two other external coprocessors .	Sing
Most instructions have a single cycle latency .	Sing
Division has a 23- or 36-cycle latency for single- or double-precision operations and square-root has a 54- or 112-cycle latency .	Sing
Acer developed the PICA chipset .	Sing
Toshiba developed the Tiger Shark chipset , which adapted the SysAD bus to an i486-compatible system bus .	Sing
The R5000 could simultaneously issue an integer and a floating-point instruction .	Sing
The R5000 did not perform dynamic branch prediction for cost reasons .	Sing
32-bit multiplies have a five-cycle latency and a four-cycle throughput .	Sing
Divides have a 36-cycle latency and throughput for 32-bit integers , and for 64-bit integers , they are increased to 68 cycles .	Sing
Single-precision adds , multiplies and multiply-adds have a four-cycle latency and a one cycle throughput .	Sing
Single-precision divides have a 21-cycle latency and a 19-cycle throughput , while square roots have a 26-cycle latency and a 38-cycle throughput .	Sing
Multiply and multiply-add have a five-cycle latency and a two-cycle throughput .	Sing
Divide has a 36-cycle latency and a 34-cycle throughput .	Sing
Square root has a 68-cycle latency and a 66-cycle throughput .	Sing
At the time , the performance of traditional supercomputers was not advancing as rapidly as reduced instruction set computer ( RISC ) microprocessors .	Plur
Arithmetic instructions except for compares have a four-cycle latency .	Sing
Each chip contains 1.189 Mbit of cache tags implemented by four-transistor SRAM cells .	Sing
Other tourist attractions include the Amin Abad caravanserai , a Safavid dynasty structure in Amin Abad , a village 42 km south of Shahreza .	Sing
In the second and third rounds , they choose Ludovico Valenciano and Reynaldo Ramos .	Sing
They outbattled a tough and gritty TJ Hotdogs and won in just five games .	Plur
On September 4 , 2008 , the team signed 2004 7th overall pick Ervin Sotto .	Sing
While on September 22 , 2008 , Alaska traded J.R. Quiñahan to the Air21 Express in exchange for 2008 6th overall pick Mark Borboran .	Sing
After three weeks of waiting , they faced the defending Philippine Cup champion Sta .	Sing
The Aces beat the defending champion Realtors in six games to advance and arranged a Finals showdown with the Talk ' N Text Tropang Texters .	Plur
In Game 6 , Talk ' N Text tied the series 3-3 to force a Game 7 .	Sing
They swept Ginebra in the semi-finals and faced Purefoods for the championship , who defeated San Miguel in the semis .	Sing
Alaska met rival Talk N Text in the semi-finals .	Sing
The Aces defeated the Tropang Texters in a grueling seven-game series despite being down 2-3 .	Plur
The Aces met top seed San Miguel Beermen led by best import Gabe Freeman in the finals .	Plur
The Aces dominated the Beermen and won their 12th Championship in six games .	Sing
LA Tenorio and Cyrus Baguio were named co-Finals MVPs of the series .	Plur
Before the start of the 2011 Governor 's Cup , they traded rookie Elmer Espiritu to Air21 in exchange for swingman Wesley Gonzales .	Sing
The Aces also signed swingman Niño Gelig to bolster their lineup .	Sing
As a result , they sent point guard LA Tenorio to Ginebra and acquired JVee Casio , Dondon Hontiveros , and Ginebra 's 2015 2nd Round Pick .	Sing
They swept 4th-seed Meralco Bolts , who has a twice-to-beat advantage and entered the semifinals to face defending champion Talk ' N Text .	Plur
They battled the Beermen in seven gruelling games before eventually lost Game 7 by two points .	Sing
They easily deposed Barangay Ginebra in the quarterfinal rounds to set up a semis showdown against Star Hotshots .	Sing
They swept the Hotshots , 3-0 and earned a ticket to the Finals for their 28th finals appearance .	Plur
Alaska beat Tropang TNT in the quarterfinals in a do-or-die best of three series .	Sing
The Aces bested the Bolts in 5 grueling games to face the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Finals .	Plur
A week after their Philippine Cup campaign , Alaska traded back up point guard RJ Jazul to the Phoenix Fuel Masters in exchange for guard Simon Enciso .	Sing
Hiroshima 's first airport , , opened on a nearby island in Naka-ku , Hiroshima in 1940 .	Sing
During the time of her confinement , the woman does not normally receive the eucharist , unless she is in danger of death .	Sing
Dickson represented Niagara in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1844 to 1851 .	Sing
Kenneth ignores Ronald the next day at school .	Sing
MAO-A produces an amine oxidase , which is a class of enzyme known to affect carcinogenesis .	Sing
Designated " XV40 " , Toyota manufactured the first generation Aurion between 2006 and 2012 until it was fully replaced by the XV50 series .	Sing
In lieu of the " Aurion " nameplate , the majority of East and Southeast Asian markets received the Camry-based Aurion under the name Toyota Camry .	Sing
Along with the naturally aspirated version , Toyota produced an Australia-only supercharged TRD Aurion between 2007 and 2009 as tuned by Toyota Racing Development ( TRD ) .	Sing
On 9 February 2006 , Toyota Australia unveiled the Aurion alongside the Aurion Sportivo concept at the Melbourne International Motor Show at an official press conference .	Sing
Interior design also largely parallels the Camry .	Sing
In addition , like its other vehicles of similar vintage , Toyota designed the Aurion within the realm of its " vibrant clarity " design language .	Sing
His influences include Ritchie Blackmore , David Gilmour , John McLaughlin and Petri Walli of Kingston Wall .	Sing
In architecture , we find " Pavaratty Finish " .	Sing
" Le maître en droit " , the following year , received the same positive public response .	Sing
In 1813 , he succeeded Grétry at the Institute .	Sing
After the tests were successful they constructed Demonstrator 2B which was an improved version of their previous rocket .	Sing
On September 9 , 2004 ARCA successfully launched the Demonstrator 2B rocket from Cape Midia Air Force Base .	Sing
Their lunar rover was named European Lunar Lander and used a monopropellant rocket engine for landing and hovering .	Sing
For the Haas rocket , they created a three-stage much smaller demonstrator called Helen that was intended to test technologies and operation .	Sing
Haas 2 was an air launched three stage orbital rocket intended to place a 200 kg payload into orbit .	Sing
In June 2012 ARCA presented their Haas 2C rocket in Victoria Square in Bucharest , in front of the Romanian Government palace .	Sing
The company displayed the rocket in Victoria Square in Bucharest , in front of the Romanian Government building .	Sing
Both prototypes only performed take-off and landing testing and short low altitude flights .	Sing
Helen was a demonstrator rocket for the Haas balloon launched orbital rocket .	Sing
It was PLAN 's standard ship-based air-defense SAM for over a decade , until the introduction of the more capable , longer-range HQ-9 .	Sing
Of the 730,000 who spoke other Dravidian languages , the majority spoke Gondi , and 60,000 spoke Korku .	Sing
In January 2009 Langridge joined Canonical as a developer and left the company in 2013 to work as a freelancer for Kryogenix 's consulting .	Sing
The financial success of " Two Cops " enabled Kang Woo-suk to set up his own film production and distribution company , Cinema Service .	Sing
He represented Charlevoix federally from 1878 until his death in Quebec City in 1879 .	Sing
Mark Rutherford and Sugar J co-performed " Deus Ex Machina " with William Orbit , with Rutherford also co-writing the song .	Sing
He has managed Envigado , Atlético Nacional , Unión Magdalena and Atlético Bucaramanga in Colombia , Deportivo Quito in Ecuador and Caracas FC in Venezuela .	Sing
Dhruva Dharavarsha had a high political aspiration and he actively pursued the goal of expanding the frontiers of Rashtrakuta domination .	Sing
He also forced Pallava Nandivarman to accept the suzerainty of Rashtrakuta who paid him handsomely with many elephants .	Sing
Dr. Chagas Filho also isolated the ACh membrane receptor .	Sing
The parish church of St. Nicholas forms a united benefice with churches at nearby Great Salkeld and Kirkoswald .	Sing
An extract taken from his childhood journal , written at age 8 , reads : " Jan. 4 , 1814 .	Sing
In January 2014 , Chivas USA appointed Cabrera as head coach .	Sing
At the beginning , many scholars propose the restitution " I am ... " .	Sing
Harihara I ( 1336 – 1356 CE ) , also called Hakka and " Vira Harihara I " , was the founder of the Vijayanagara empire .	Sing
In 1976 Schoemaker joined Corning Medical , a Boston-based division of Corning Glass Works .	Sing
A teacher and lecturer , she married Angelo Mella while teaching at St. Patrick 's College in Ottawa .	Sing
Davies dedicated " Hanes Cymru " to his wife , Janet Mackenzie Davies .	Sing
The College remained the principal landlord in the Ballylongford area up to the passage of the Land Act in 1903 .	Sing
In April 1950 , he had a re-match with Dick Turpin , who in the meantime had lost his Commonwealth title .	Sing
He studied amateur dramatics , took numerous classes , and studied with Jack Walzer from the Actors Studio in New York .	Plur
As a subject ally of Athens , Aenus provided peltasts at the Battle of Sphacteria in 425 BC and sent forces to the Sicilian Expedition in 415 .	Plur
On 14 January 2007 Neumannová received the title Czech Sportsperson of the Year 2006 , a trophy awarded by journalists in the Czech Republic .	Sing
He was ranked 99th in a 2005 vote on the list of Greatest Belgians ( De Grootste Belg ) .	Sing
The impressive circuit walls and defenses create two separate baileys with the remains of numerous rooms .	Plur
Famous Görelean kemençe players include Halil Ağa and Picoğlu Osman .	Sing
See Giresun for the long history of this area , dating back to the Persians and the Seleucids .	Sing
It featured a single vane rotating through 270 degrees .	Sing
Renovations to the Farris Center in 2010 included new scoreboards and renovated court including logos .	Plur
It extends superior and posterior ( upward and backward ) on either side from the lower part of the symphysis of the mandible .	Sing
The aircraft has twin booms with twin rudders and a high-mounted tailplane .	Plur
The plant has a large central medulla and a single vascular bundle containing the xylem , phloem and cambium .	Sing
Amik Plain includes tiny plateaus .	Sing
Prefers a moderate to good light and a reasonably rich substrate .	Sing
The immense water-power of the River Mourne provided 1000 water horsepower .	Sing
The county has traditionally produced Cheese and a fruit drink called Şerbet .	Sing
Ronnie disapproves of Roxy and Sean 's relationship as she suspects him of selling drugs , but comes round after they get married in August .	Plur
A few weeks later , Archie persuades Suzy Branning ( Maggie O 'Neill ) to help him reveal the DNA test results to Sean on Christmas Day .	Sing
The Morley Division included Birstall , Bradford , Calverley and parts of Batley , Huddersfield and Dewsbury .	Sing
Most critics considered the GBA-specific multiplayer mini-games to add little value to the game .	Plur
On their return , a rebellion began , which András and Levente initially supported .	Plur
Sarge arrives and upon discovering that Simmons got an achievement for making fun of Grif , he melee attacks Grif .	Sing
Sarge teaches Grif and Simmons the importance of voting through song .	Sing
These videos usually feature the cast in-character and may make reference to recent events of the main storyline , but are generally considered non-canon .	Sing
Church asks Grif to veto , but he is unable to .	Sing
The Reds discover new motorbikes while Donut has fun with the " man cannon " .	Plur
Church asks Grif and Caboose to research Scotland so that they do not seem like tourists .	Sing
Simmons finds Grif and Sarge standing on the edge of a cliff .	Sing
The Indiana State Sycamores won the ICC in 1953 , 1966 , 1967 and 1968 .	Sing
Lucius Aurelius Avianius Symmachus wrote an epigram in his honour .	Sing
He was appointed " praefectus urbi " of Rome in 337 – 338 , under Emperor Constans .	Sing
Other finds include a granite rubbing stone ( dolmen Nr .	Sing
In addition , she would amaze fanatics by pitching two balls simultaneously to two different catchers .	Plur
She married fellow officer Johannes Dries Jr. in 1963 .	Sing
The Ziama Massif is part of the Guinean montane forests ecoregion , and harbors a distinct flora and fauna from the surrounding lowlands .	Sing
Daly faced Molly Helsel at Cage Warriors Fighting Championship 39 on 27 November 2010 in Cork , Ireland .	Sing
On 2 June 2012 , Daly faced Rosi Sexton at Cage Warriors Fighting Championship 47 .	Sing
Daly faced Barb Honchak at Invicta Fighting Championships 3 on 6 October 2012 .	Sing
On 6 April , he was awarded the " Médaille militaire " to accompany his " Croix de Guerre " .	Sing
Associates included Sidney E. Morse .	Sing
Zhang joined the PLAAF in 1945 and was one of the first combat pilots trained for the PLAAF .	Sing
In 1942 , she was declared the Patroness of Venezuela .	Sing
He left Madeira on 27 May 1848 and arrived at Broadstairs on 11 June 1848 .	Sing
In the summer of 1853 he left Madeira considerably improved in health .	Sing
Sired by Windfields Farm 's stallion Smarten , she captured the Lassie for 2-year-old fillies .	Sing
The church was designated a co-cathedral for the Diocese of Alexandria – Shreveport in 1977 .	Sing
The usual design of chip forks has either two or three prongs at one end .	Plur
A wire mesh conveyor belt then transports the coated confection to a cooling area .	Sing
The government encourages local sourcing of agriculture products .	Sing
Afterwards , DeGeneres , who is a vegan , jokingly gave Gaga a bikini and skirt made from lettuce and other various vegetables .	Sing
He photographed Ezra Taft Benson , Gordon B. Hinckley and Thomas S. Monson among many other leaders in the Latter-day Saints Church .	Sing
In 2004 , Citroën Sport chose Kronos to run their programme in the Junior World Rally Championship , extending their partnership with the PSA Group .	Sing
As a token of gratitude to his Royal Patron , Mudaliar named his Emporium on Cavalry road as ‘ Mysore Hall ’ .	Sing
In the November 2 , 2010 general election , Johnson defeated Democratic incumbent Russ Feingold with 52 % of the vote .	Sing
In the same year he designed a charity T-shirt for Hallhuber .	Sing
The family Alcidae includes auks , murres , and puffins .	Plur
Storks lack a pharynx and are mute .	Sing
The deckhouse also included a small arms locker , scuttlebutt , a small desk and head .	Sing
His daughter , Alice , became Deaf at the age of two as a result of surviving scarlet fever .	Sing
He was named a CFL East All-Star for his performance during the 2016 season .	Sing
However , Uriburu also exiled Pueyrredón from the country with Alvear , a prominent leader of the radical party .	Sing
At the same time , Storni made a gesture to the United States regarding the supplying of arms , thus isolating the " neutralists " .	Sing
However , against expectations , he lost internal voting among the officers .	Sing
The table under " Print Media " specifies their URLs .	Plur
In their 2009 publication in the Journal of Machine Learning Research , Weinberger and Saul derive an efficient solver for the semi-definite program .	Sing
It can learn a metric for the MNIST handwritten digit data set in several hours , involving billions of pairwise constraints .	Sing
In June 2009 , Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin invited Royal Dutch Shell to participate in the Sakhalin-3 project .	Sing
A friend of the Prince of Wales , Douglas was appointed Gentleman of the Bedchamber to George III in 1760 .	Sing
The plant produces the tannin 3,4,5-Tri-O-galloylquinic acid and several alkaloids of the harman family .	Sing
As such it allows the clinician to play an active role not only in assessment but also in designing treatment and rehabilitation strategies .	Sing
Thirdly he married Tatiana Ivanovna Nukhina and had issue :	Sing
On 6 February 1876 in Weimar , Marie married Prince Heinrich VII Reuss of Köstritz .	Sing
He also designed the mausoleum of King Frederick IX at Roskilde Cathedral .	Sing
The Academy of Magical Arts voted Falkenstein Stage Magician of The Year two consecutive years .	Sing
Frederick Milner , 7th baronet married Adeline Gertrude Denison in 1880 .	Sing
After his career on the European Tour he married Tullia Johansson .	Sing
They prepared bylaws for a not-for-profit corporation registered in New York State .	Plur
The lobby itself still retains some original marble wainscoting and plaster beams .	Sing
As an attorney , he has represented the Dresden Dolls and Mission of Burma , among others .	Sing
Zisk founded the Internet radio station Green Witch in 1999 and co-founded the real-time search company Collecta in 2009 .	Sing
Participants include Saul Williams , the Indigo Girls , David Harrington of the Kronos Quartet and Jon Langford of the Mekons .	Sing
She won Auxiliary Magazine 's Best Blog of 2016 award .	Sing
He wrote disaster thrillers in collaboration with his wife , Diana Bachmann , under the pen name Max Marlow .	Plur
Founded in London 's earliest years , the congregation worships in a historic church building that was built in the 1890s .	Plur
Radio appearances included BBC 's Country Meets Folk , Pete Drummond ’ s Night Ride and Sounds on Sunday .	Plur
Harding performed a triple axel in her short program and free skating .	Sing
Galatasaray won their second Türkiye Kupası in a row , with Altay finishing runners-up .	Sing
He also studied the Oud in Cairo ’ s opera in Egypt .	Sing
Simultaneously he formed the band Ghazali .	Sing
Produced only one loco , and no amount of post- production .	Sing
It has 415 Congregations ministering to people in all 11 official languages of South Africa .	Plur
Since the Danish Sport Pony is meant to be used as a mount for children , it should have a good temperament ; calm and obedient .	Sing
The horse breeds used for development of the Danish Sport Pony included the Connemara pony , New Forest pony , Welsh pony and Arabian horse .	Sing
A spiritual meeting with her predecessor Aang allows Korra to realize her powers and to restore the bending abilities of Amon 's victims .	Sing
Like its predecessor series , " The Legend of Korra " has a broad and active fandom , including on social media and at fan conventions .	Sing
Mondo released a figurine of Korra and Asami holding hands in March 2018 .	Sing
Scott Sharp and Ryan Dalziel would pilot the # 1 HPD with Johannes van Overbeek and Ed Brown sharing the # 2 car .	Sing
The CBA appointed Patti Bowers as its Executive Officer in October 2008 .	Plur
Thomas Mar Eusebius , formerly secretary general of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Major Archeparchy of Trivandrum , became the first Exarch .	Sing
Spence would release his debut " Rollin ' With Number One " on July 2 , 1990 on the Nastymix record label .	Sing
Other notable translators of " Lenore " into English include Frederic Shoberl , Julia Margaret Cameron and John Oxenford .	Sing
In 1828 , Karl von Holtei wrote " Lenore " , a dramatization of Bürger 's ballad which achieved great popularity .	Sing
Between 1857 and 1858 , Franz Liszt wrote his first melodrama , " Lenore " , based on Bürger 's ballad .	Sing
Byrne appointed Menza to serve as a judge on New Jersey Superior Court in 1980 , where he remained until 1997 .	Sing
Adan , spelled Adán in Spanish , is a French and Spanish masculine given name , the equivalent to Adam .	Sing
1 hit " Lean On Me " , and an album recorded live at Carnegie Hall .	Sing
King suggested " Ms. Bobbye Hall " and from that time forward , Hall was known as Ms. Bobbye Hall .	Sing
Hall joined Stevie Nicks for her album " Bella Donna " and toured with her in 1981 , 1983 , and 1986 .	Sing
They ridiculed Shearer , boasted of " ripping off " supporters with the club shirts they sold , and called the women of Newcastle " dogs " .	Sing
Abington Heights High School achieved an SPP 95.3 out of 100 .	Sing
Some special education students may take the PASA ( Pennsylvania Alternate System of Assessment ) , rather than the PSSA .	Sing
Teachers received annual raises of approximately $ 500 a year .	Plur
The state maintained its $ 100 million reimbursement to school districts for transportation costs .	Sing
Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania , 447 of them received Classrooms for the Future grant awards .	Plur
Remigius was given the Bishopric of Dorchester in 1067 .	Sing
Henry of Huntingdon described Remigius as short but great-hearted and very charming .	Sing
Visiting artists interact with residents on a daily basis through readings , slide presentations and one-on-one studio visits and writing conferences .	Sing
Prior to the start of open hostilities , North Korea had acquired 379 T-34s from the Soviet Union .	Plur
An 1883 county history describes Point Pleasant , but notes that " this was a paper town only . "	Sing
Womersley finished 41st , and Ewington 49th ( out of 54 competitors ) in Downhill .	Sing
This process keeps the mine shaft icy until late summer .	Sing
The Panther Creek Championship Links Course has six different tees to choose from and features Florida 's longest hole - a par 6 at 800 yards .	Plur
Next , he poisoned Solari to death and either manipulated Loupian 's son into stealing some gold jewelry or framed him for committing the crime .	Sing
Prominent HRI faculty members in the area of String Theory include Ashoke Sen and Rajesh Gopakumar .	Sing
HRI faculty member in the area of Quantum Information and Computation includes Arun K. Pati .	Sing
Collins and head coach Bill Musselman , led the Thrillers to three consecutive CBA titles .	Plur
The band included Tad Kubler , who later joined Finn in The Hold Steady .	Sing
In a Guardian article , he described The Replacements ' " Let It Be " as his " favorite ever record . "	Plur
When broken it releases a milky smelly exudate .	Sing
His work often featured striking phrases such as " old corn-cribs / Lean upon the muscle of the air . "	Sing
The author uses all the contrivances of the genre , but the book merely comes across as a poorly written example , not a takeoff . "	Plur
They hate their lambs and flageolets .	Plur
In 2016 Spelke won the C.L .	Sing
It had a six-cylinder , BMW " Type 315 " engine mounted in the rear and only had three roadwheels per side .	Sing
Similarly , decontamination units usually retained their " Sd.Kfz .	Sing
When the four-barrel " 2 cm Flakvierling 38 " was fielded in 1941 , each platoon had four " Sd.Kfz .	Sing
Tenn provides afterwords to each story , describing how they came to be written .	Plur
The temple gets much crowded during Dashain and Navaratri .	Plur
Gilland left KSFO in 1978 and returned to his native Texas .	Sing
As of December 2009 , Toth has joined Newstalk 1010 as their morning sports announcer .	Sing
In 1662 , locals in Skagaströnd attributed the sudden blindness of 64 sheep to magic spells cast by French whalers on the sheep .	Sing
However , a slump in oil prices after the American Civil War forced their endeavor into bankruptcy in 1867 .	Sing
When they returned in 1979 , Hvalur ships fired harpoons over the protesters .	Plur
The water carried garbage on its path , damaging almost every structure of the previously dry river .	Sing
The National Park Service is pursuing a re-route in northern Minnesota which will include the Border Route Trail into the North Country Trail .	Sing
Leaving the red-black Bahia in May 2014 and that same year hit his return to the command of Flamengo .	Sing
His choral-orchestral works include " Pervigilium Veneris " ( " The Vigil of Venus " ) , " A Litany " and " A Symphonic Mass " .	Sing
The London Film Critics ' Circle nominated Toby Jones Best British Supporting Actor of the Year .	Sing
Friedrich Engels visited Sorge in Hoboken in 1888 , after Sorge had retired from politics .	Sing
While in Collapsible D , Michel was fed biscuits by first-class passenger Hugh Woolner .	Plur
2016 saw Mindspawn reunite with Coph Nia on the collaboration album , " Erotomechaniks II " .	Sing
Holt brings this inconsistency to the attention of his superior James Adair and Chief of Police Gould .	Sing
The pier has a long breakwater which shelters St Kilda Harbour and hosts a little penguin colony .	Sing
When a lost patrol of French legionnaires finds its way into camp , one of their number recognizes the liqueur he is served .	Sing
This " roman à clef " catalogues the amorous intrigues of Barnes ' lesbian network centered in Natalie Clifford Barney 's salon in Paris .	Plur
The suffix -ցի ( [ tsʰi ] ) denoted a geographical provenance , e.g .	Sing
It also served Annapolis , but provided a faster connection to Baltimore , taking a more direct path along the north shore of the Severn River .	Plur
The installation was named Camp Meade and was supposed to be a temporary facility , used only for the duration of the war .	Sing
These Winston racers were sometimes also called Maytag Toy Racers	Plur
The primary schools include École Élémentaire Pierre Budin , École Élémentaire Cavé , École élémentaire d 'Oran , and École Élémentaire Richomme .	Sing
The neighbourhood has Collège Georges Clemenceau , the junior high school in Goutte d 'Or .	Sing
Of the canonical gospels , John has the highest explicit Christology .	Sing
At the same time , as a part of this process , they also introduced their architectural and engineering expertise .	Sing
Hopi House closely copied the Hopi pueblo at Oraibi , Arizona , and was designed by Mary Colter , architect for the Fred Harvey Company .	Sing
Until May 2008 a roundabout in front of the station featured a prominent 1930 's style mast bearing the London Underground emblem .	Sing
After the loss , Blackpool signed Ernie Taylor , and Mudie lost his place .	Sing
Stoke City signed Mudie , in March 1961 for £ 8,500 , and he scored just five minutes into his debut against Scunthorpe United .	Sing
This drove the leftists underground and founded the FALN in January 1 , 1963 .	Plur
After the ship had been lightened by removing its cargo , " Arcona " pulled the merchantman free from the reef .	Sing
Louisiana Children 's Medical Center , the parent of Children 's Hospital , became the parent to both .	Sing
This and following works revolutionized sedimentary and aqueous geochemistry .	Sing
He joined the USGS again for a time , but returned to academia at Harvard in 1955 .	Sing
I put some P into the seathe biomass did swell	Sing
Put ferric P into the seaand a rose someday you 'll find	Sing
During this time he published " The Carbonate-Silicate Geochemical Cycle and Its Effect on Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide over the Past 100 Million Years " in 1983 .	Sing
The 1971 model actually has the grille extend past the front of the hood edge .	Sing
In 2012 , Aesop Rock featured Hao Zhihua in the music video to his single called ZZZ Top .	Sing
Bleu would soon follow with his " Workaday Day EP " before releasing his first proper album , " Headroom " .	Sing
While his brother Kyōnyo re-established the Osaka Hongan-ji in 1596 with local support , owing to his refusal to surrender to Nobunaga earlier .	Sing
After the death of Hideyoshi in 1598 , Kyōnyo openly supported Tokugawa Ieyasu , who became " shōgun " in 1602 .	Sing
He created the movement " Les fils du Québec " ( French for " The Sons of Quebec " ) in 1970 .	Plur
Central Highlands Regional Council operates Tieri Library at the corner of Grasstree and Anncrouye Streets , Tieri .	Sing
Modern examples of the concept musical include " Assassins " and " Avenue Q " .	Plur
He first joined the Plymouth Brethren who met at Blackfriars in London and worked among young hooligans in that area .	Sing
He learned the essentials of his new-found faith and became inspired with the ambition of becoming an evangelist .	Plur
The coastlines have many toponyms identifying particular places as well as claiming them for Spain .	Plur
Other cosmographers included Alonso de Chaves , Francisco Falero , Jerónimo de Chaves , Sancho Gutiérrez ( Diego 's brother ) .	Sing
Jana suffered another aneurysm and died .	Sing
In 1730 , a letter by Father Mathurin le Petit describes the Natchez and Yazoo War of 1729-1731 .	Sing
He did not get his urge to look toward the past from Honganji religious education or culture .	Sing
She became an expert sharpshooter and learned to spin a rope and manipulate a bullwhip .	Sing
On July 16 , 1934 , at age 19 , she married fellow National Barn Dance performer Donald Francis " Red " Blanchard .	Sing
On 2 October 2009 , Vigen Chitechian was appointed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Armenia to France .	Sing
The start of the 2006-07 season saw the league expand to 16 clubs .	Sing
The federation has threatens to take legal measures against clubs who don 't cooperate in the matter .	Plur
As Premier , he attended the Coronation of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra and the conference of Colonial Premiers in London in 1902 .	Sing
It connects Ponnani and Tirur .	Sing
This prompted the NWS in Buffalo to issue a LES warning at 2 : 36 pm for Niagara , Orleans , Northern Erie and Genesee counties .	Sing
This allowed the squall to grow vertically in height and achieve much faster updraft speeds .	Sing
During the night of 10 – 11 August , the Arab inhabitants of Simele joined the looting .	Sing
On 18 August 1933 , Iraqi troops entered Mosul where they were given an enthusiastic reception by its Muslim inhabitants .	Sing
Fadhil al-Barrak , an Iraqi Ba 'athist historian , credits Sidqi as the author of the whole campaign and the ensuing massacres .	Sing
Ronald Reagan produced a major realignment with his 1980 and 1984 landslide elections .	Sing
Southern white voters started voting for Republican presidential candidates in the 1960s , and Republican state and local candidates in the 1990s .	Sing
In 2010 , Weber 's internal developers and social media teams created a social media crisis simulator called Firebell .	Sing
In 2017 , the Egyptian Intelligence services hired Weber Shandwick and lobbying company Cassidy and Associates to improve Egypt 's image in the USA .	Sing
These include Beaverbrook , Glen Cairn , Bridlewood , Katimavik , Hazeldean , Morgan 's Grant , and Kanata Lakes .	Sing
O 'Hanlon had supported Colley and was thus overlooked for appointment to the new ministerial and junior ministerial positions .	Sing
While virtually all other internal bodily functions expire , Rice 's vampires still possess a noticeable heartbeat - albeit considerably slower than that of a living heart .	Sing
Many young vampires experience existential crises or crippling depression as they learn to cope with their isolated nature .	Plur
The series primarily follows the antihero Lestat , and by extension the many humans and vampires whose lives he has touched in his own long existence .	Sing
Special purpose noise reduction software programs include Gnome Wave Cleaner , Sony Creative Noise Reduction , SoliCall Pro , Voxengo Redunoise and X-OOM Music Clean .	Sing
The German title for this position , " Aufseherin " ( plural " Aufseherinnen " ) means female " overseer " or " attendant " .	Sing
The United States Army arrested Mandl on 10 August 1945 .	Sing
After the one interview , Hockey Canada selected Sinden for the position .	Sing
The Soviets selected Vsevolod Bobrov as the coach for the series .	Sing
A few Canadians gave a dissenting prognosis of the series .	Sing
But the Soviets got over any awe of the NHLers and scored two goals to tie the score before the end of the first period .	Sing
Hadfield took the benching hard , as he was from the Toronto area and felt he was being embarrassed in front of his home town .	Sing
The players were all given red and white carnations .	Plur
Peter Mahovlich later elbowed Kharlamov , who retaliated by dumping Mahovlich to the ice .	Sing
The Soviet coaches Bobrov and Kulagin were interviewed after the series in " Sovietsky Sport " .	Sing
He took the opening faceoff and very nearly scored during the game .	Sing
He joined Sinn Féin but was unsuccessful in his attempt to be elected as a MP at the 1918 general election .	Sing
Senghor trusted Diouf , who had administrative experience but no independent power base of his own .	Sing
When Mansfield noticed Hargitay performing , she allegedly told the waiter , " I 'll have a steak and that tall man on the left . "	Sing
Traditional local farming practices have helped this once common British bird survive .	Sing
In Alexander McCall Smith 's " The Charming Quirks of Others " the protagonist , Isabelle Dalhousie , discusses Coll as a place for a honeymoon .	Sing
The Russian Army places fifes and drums at the front of major military parades such as those on Red Square in Moscow .	Plur
A new manufacturer , Wilson Woods , with critical oversight from Roy Seaman once again , produced the new fife , designated the Regimental Model .	Sing
Bednarz brands his fifes with the name " Model F " .	Plur
Other manufacturers of Ancient fifes include Ralph Sweet of Enfield , Connecticut , whose Cloos model fifes most closely resemble the original instrument .	Sing
His son , Walt D. Sweet , has established his own manufactory .	Sing
Tiree has a declining but still considerable percentage of Gaelic speakers .	Sing
In 2001 , 368 residents ( 47.8 % ) spoke Gaelic .	Sing
As the events evolved , the activists at Wounded Knee had a 71-day armed stand-off with U.S. law enforcement .	Sing
They include the nearby Sicangu Oyate or Brulé Sioux at the Rosebud Indian Reservation , also located in South Dakota .	Sing
In the program , students and teachers speak exclusively Lakota , with children eventually learning English as a second language .	Sing
The North Dakota legislature has authorized hemp growing statewide and issued the nation 's first two state licenses to grow hemp .	Sing
Barkmann fled Stutthof as the Soviets approached .	Sing
She became a defendant in the Stutthof Trial , where she and other defendants were convicted for their crimes at the camp .	Sing
Later , they met the beggar again and were delighted to see that he was still in good health .	Sing
have predicted ZT ~ 0.5 at room temperature and ZT ~ 1.7 at 800 K for optimized compositions .	Sing
Novel members of this family include ZnO , MnO , and NbO , to name but a few .	Sing
Previously , ZT could not peak more than 0.5 for p-type and 0.8 for n-type HH compound .	Sing
Nano-sized grains is one of the approaches used to lower the thermal conductivity via grain boundaries- assisted phonon scattering .	Sing
Basically , those isotopes possess different phonon frequency mismatch , which ultimately lead to the scattering of the heat carriers ( the phonons ) .	Sing
These defects help scatter phonons .	Plur
Interface roughness causes diffuse phonon scattering , which either increases or decreases the phonon reflectivity at the interfaces .	Sing
A mismatch between bulk dispersion relations confines phonons , and the confinement becomes more favorable as the difference in dispersion increases .	Plur
This can cause strong phonon scattering but would not affect charge transport .	Sing
This SnSe material also exhibited a ZT of along the c-axis and along the a-axis .	Sing
Further , polycrystalline materials made out of these compounds by several investigators have not confirmed the high ZT of these materials .	Sing
However , no known thermoelectrics have a ZT > 3 .	Sing
Under suitable assumptions on the priors , kriging gives the best linear unbiased prediction of the intermediate values .	Sing
all random variables have the same mean ) , then one is assuming that the mean can be estimated by the arithmetic mean of sampled values .	Sing
When he challenges Sanshiro to a duel to the death , Sanshiro accepts and defeats him by inflicting permanent crippling damage to Higaki .	Sing
Pope Leo IV had a cock placed on the Old St. Peter 's Basilica or old Constantinian basilica .	Sing
Modern " aerovanes " combine the directional vane with an anemometer ( a device for measuring wind speed ) .	Sing
The influenza pandemic reached Hokianga in September 1918 , and remote Waiotemarama was one of the first settlements to succumb .	Sing
In these cases one would expect the effect test statistic ( e.g .	Sing
Phil Davis , the strip 's artist , did meet Leon Mandrake and they became good friends and corresponded for years .	Sing
In 1939 , he married Narda ( " Princess Narda " ) .	Sing
Leon gave her the stage name Velvet and she became his new assistant .	Sing
Mandrake the Magician often went back out on the road with wife and assistant Velvet .	Sing
He was awarded the Performing Fellowship at the Academy of the Magical Arts ( The World Famous Hollywood The Magic Castle ) .	Sing
Mandrake the Incomparable ( Hades Publications Inc . ) is a biography written in 1998 .	Sing
According to one account , he yanked handfuls of her hair out by the roots during an argument on August 27 , 1982 .	Plur
Sweeney told Packer to call the police .	Sing
During one such assault , Pierce sustained a perforated eardrum and a collapsed lung .	Sing
Sweeney accused the Dunnes of harassing him and later changed his name .	Plur
The black version had a yellow keypad , instead of the white unit found on other Cybikos .	Sing
It provides 1 megabyte of static RAM , and 1 megabyte of data flash memory .	Sing
Ford has sold over 16 million Fiestas since 1976 , making it one of the best selling Ford marques behind the Escort and the F-Series .	Plur
Its initial competitors in Europe , apart from the Fiat 127 and Renault 5 , included the Volkswagen Polo and Vauxhall Chevette .	Sing
In the US market , the Ford Escort replaced both the Fiesta and the compact Pinto in 1981 , competing with the Chevrolet Chevette and Chevrolet Cavalier .	Sing
The fifth generation facelift Zetec S has a sizeable following , with many websites dedicated to the vehicle .	Sing
All-new naturally aspirated engine will eventually replace 1.25 Duratec , and comes with 80 hp , as a 5-speed manual and start / stop .	Sing
The 2014 Ford Fiesta features redesigned front and rear fascias .	Plur
With new WRC regulations coming in 2011 , M-Sport developed the Fiesta RS WRC , based on Fiesta S2000 .	Sing
That propels the rallycross-prepped Fiesta up to sixty in 2.2 seconds .	Sing
British company M-Sport also builds Fiesta Rallycross Supercars to Global Rallycross Championship teams Hoonigan Racing Division , Chip Ganassi Racing and Bryan Herta Autosport .	Plur
The film was originally titled " 50 First Kisses " .	Sing
Storage examples include germplasm stored in seed banks , sperm and egg banks , cryopreservation , and tissue culture .	Sing
In spite of this , the aircraft nearly reached Mach 1 in its maiden flight .	Sing
As a result of their recommendations , the Canadian government selected the F-104 .	Sing
A succession of political scandals pursued Lowry throughout his time in office .	Sing
Lowry has directorships listed with the Companies Registration Office .	Plur
Lowry sold Wedding Morn in 2012 for € 361,849 .	Sing
According to Scalia , many lower courts often misinterpret the Establishment Clause , extending its proscription of religiosity in the public sphere .	Sing
He saw opposing nationalist and unionist traditions as irreconcilable and switched from a nationalist to a unionist view of Irish politics and history .	Sing
In 1976 he specifically banned spokespersons for Sinn Féin and the Provisional Irish Republican Army from RTÉ .	Plur
He was elected Grand Master Workman in 1879 after the resignation of Uriah Smith Stephens .	Sing
President William McKinley appointed Powderly as the Commissioner General of Immigration where he served from July 1 , 1897 to June 24 , 1902 .	Sing
Instead he supported Deanna Durbin in " Nice Girl ? "	Sing
Film historians and critics have long regarded Brennan as one of the finest character actors in motion picture history .	Sing
In the late 1960s , in violation of the 1913 recommendations , adopted de facto , the National Government initiated clear felling in the Warawara forest .	Sing
In 1960 he founded the Ballet du XXe Siècle in Brussels ( dissolved in 1987 ) .	Sing
He received the Belgian Ordre de la Couronne .	Sing
As a choreographer , he took ballerinas out of their pointe shoes when pointe did not serve any " artistic purpose " .	Plur
Fokine later featured Nijinsky in ballets including " Chopiniana " ( 1907 ) , which was renamed " Les Sylphides " in 1909 .	Sing
In 1909 , Sergei Diaghilev invited Fokine to become the resident choreographer of the first season of the Ballets Russes in Paris .	Sing
He left Ballets Russes in 1912 .	Plur
Lisner married Valerie , one of his dancers .	Sing
The F3D also dropped chaff over the radar sites .	Sing
Another F-10 had a modified radome installed by the radar manufacturer Westinghouse .	Sing
The Qur 'an then narrates Musa being ordered to insert his hand into his clothes and upon revealing it would shine a bright light .	Sing
Some varieties of Acacia trees that grow in the holy land contain the psychedelic substance DMT .	Sing
Through his laborious study of Codex Alexandrinus , he found misinterpretations or calculated mistakes of New Testament written in Greek that question the very basis of Christianity .	Plur
Older names for this compound include blue vitriol , bluestone , vitriol of copper , and Roman vitriol .	Sing
It often highlights the green tints of the specific dyes .	Plur
It can use cola instead of soda water as a ( " Rain Clouds " ) .	Sing
In 1853 he became an adjunct under August Meineke at the Joachimsthal Gymnasium in Berlin .	Sing
The national " Éclaireurs de France " rejected the EIF as an affiliate because they were too sectarian .	Sing
By an Act of 29 November 1941 the Vichy government dissolved the EIF and all other non-religious Jewish organizations .	Sing
The production starred Coley Grundman as Alvin Kelby and William Giammona as Thomas Weaver .	Sing
His disciples included K.M Seethi Sahib , the former Speaker of Kerala Legislative Assembly and a social reformer among kerala Muslims .	Sing
While it was published in Malayalam language using Arabi-Malayalam script , " Muslim " and " Deepika " used Malayalam in script also .	Sing
The congregation opened a handsome , brick , Greek revival Temple at Seventh Avenue and 114th Street .	Sing
This service follows the traditional Conservative liturgy ( including full Torah reading and Haftarah and Musaf service ) .	Sing
The 256 nucleotide " bsrE " RNA encodes 30 amino-acid toxin peptide .	Sing
He led TJ SH Senica before resigning in 2001 .	Sing
In 2011 Cryan left UBS for personal reasons .	Sing
In January 2012 , he joined Singapore 's investment company Temasek as president for Europe .	Sing
This led Sperry to conclude that due to the lateralization of brain function , language is based in the left hemisphere .	Sing
At the 1924 Games he finished eleventh with the French team in the team clay pigeons competition .	Sing
On 6 February 2012 , the CAS stripped Contador of the 2010 title , making Andy Schleck the winner .	Sing
Soon after Ashley has brought Druitt inside the Sanctuary , he reveals that he has allowed himself to be captured .	Sing
Where the inner and outer cross line reach the costal of the forewings , noticeable spots are usually developed.The fringes usually have the colour of the wings .	Sing
The subspecies " lilacinipes " of Madeira has a dark fringe .	Sing
Bahundangi which lies at the bank of Mechi River and near Illam District has a Moderate Climate .	Sing
From very early times , Bahundangi is most rewarded VDC for sports among VDC 's in Jhapa .	Sing
In 2002 , Green joined Ernie Godfrey and Bill Edwards in the College Football Hall of Fame .	Sing
As of 2003 , the district was ranked 154th on the Planning Commission 's list of 447 districts based on an index of backwardness .	Sing
The Gulabi Gang also teaches women self-defence and how to be economically self-sufficient .	Sing
Coughlan married Muriel Sadlier in 1983 .	Sing
In 1994 , Bikas Ghimire published " Factors Determining the Contraceptive Use in Nepal : Case Study of Prithivinagar Village , Jhapa " .	Plur
According to District Traffic Police Office Jhapa , the district has seen shutdowns for 31 days in the last two years .	Plur
The third title released , " Piranha Don 't Eat Bananas " , also became a bestseller and is especially popular in Australia .	Sing
Yttrium has at least 20 metastable ( " excited " ) isomers ranging in mass number from 78 to 102 .	Sing
Currently under development is yttrium-stabilized zirconia as a solid electrolyte and as an oxygen sensor in automobile exhaust systems .	Sing
However , the BCS theory does not explain high temperature superconductivity , and its precise mechanism is still a mystery .	Sing
Acute exposure to yttrium compounds can cause shortness of breath , coughing , chest pain , and cyanosis .	Plur
In addition , DoN CAF makes SCI eligibility determinations for select contractor personnel .	Plur
It has a heliocentric redshift of 0.0909 ( meaning it is moving away from us at 27,250 km / s ) and a visual magnitude of 16.0 .	Sing
She had a double mastectomy in June 2014 .	Sing
Ultimately , this exchange will benefit the entire specialty .	Sing
During one of Faulkner 's fever spells , Hourigan substitutes Faulkner 's medication with LSD tablets causing hallucinations .	Sing
Michael creates a diversion for him and Kathy to escape but he is killed during the struggle when the guard retrieves his handgun and shoots him .	Sing
A live TV debat occurred between him and club president Halili where Muzaka claimed that the club owns him 107 million lek .	Sing
He first joined Pinkel at the University of Toledo in 1990 as offensive line coach , and was promoted to offensive coordinator in 1992 .	Sing
On October 22 , Wyoming athletic director Tom Burman suspended Christensen for the Cowboys ' game against Boise State and fined him $ 50,000 .	Sing
The squadron develops students ' proficiency , confidence , discipline , judgment , and situational awareness of basic fighter employment .	Sing
In July 2008 Rogers joined Allstate Financial , a business unit of The Allstate Corporation , to run a new social networking initiative of the company .	Sing
After going undrafted in the 2012 NBA draft , Sampson joined the Charlotte Bobcats for the 2012 NBA Summer League .	Plur
“ In 1935 , the funds from the estate of William A Coursen enabled Mt .	Sing
In 2005 that model of tractor broke the 24-hour ploughing World Record , turning of farmland in just 24 hours .	Sing
JOY Hosiery initially sold reasonably priced hosiery , lingerie , and foundations in a wide variety of styles .	Sing
Iatromathematicians examine the active and energetic temperament of the human body .	Sing
Its borders Bihar in south , with the two villages Hirapur and Chainpur .	Sing
He wrote travelogues , tales , folk plays , and satires , as well as the first Slovenian detective story .	Plur
Herman then faced Yoshihiro Nakao at World Victory Road Presents : Soul of Fight .	Sing
Herman next faced Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira on October 13 , 2012 at UFC 153 .	Sing
Aftershave describes a lotion , gel , balm , powder , or liquid used mainly by men after they have finished shaving .	Sing
" Zeitschrift für die Alttestamentliche Wissenschaft	Sing
The cabin has a separate log dog kennel , also to a standard Park Service design .	Sing
On the trip , they drive past the rubble and destruction and Pārsā remembers back to his childhood .	Plur
It proposes an alternative conceptualization of security and emphasizes the inequality in IR theorizing .	Sing
Liza , nicknamed Hot Liza by Drake , was Drake ’ s girlfriend in the Dr. Phyllis show episode .	Sing
She appears only in the episode " Mean Teacher " , in which she dates Drake .	Sing
He has won the EuroLeague twice in 1997 – 98 and 2000 – 01 , along with Virtus Bologna .	Sing
Unlike most other fish , priapium fishes exhibit internal fertilisation .	Sing
After Tommy does not come home for several days , his sister calls the morgue and they inform her he is dead .	Sing
Hazel Halgrim , the librarian from 1912-1913 , again assumed the librarianship in 1925 and remained in the position until 1953 .	Sing
Madonna also produces the comic strip " Small Potatoes " .	Plur
During their conversation Prasad asked Hussain , " Why don 't you make films in Bhojpuri ? "	Sing
In that sense , he was also the first state appointed Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies .	Sing
It is neither an SLR nor a point-and-shoot camera .	Sing
He married Gertrude Craven , from Montreal , and they had a daughter Dorothy Braddock Crane .	Sing
Following his degrees , Dr. Weissleder completed an Internship and Residency at University Hospital , Monterrey , Mexico .	Sing
In 1984 Roldugin was appointed the Kirov Opera Theatre Orchestra 's principal cellist .	Sing
The panorama includes the Nebo TV mast .	Sing
North of SR 119 , the route curves due north and becomes limited accesses passing over CR 32 and CR 30 .	Plur
Tweety , again using the slingshot , shoots Sylvester down from the sky .	Sing
Sylvester hooks a passing speedboat , forcibly yanking him into the water .	Sing
In 2004 and 2005 , the United Way honored FCS for its development of outcome models to measure the impact of its programs .	Sing
Persons prominent in the Association during this period include Gaylord Lee Clark , Anna D. Ward , Doris Slothower , and Dorothy Pope .	Sing
He succeeded Liesl Wendt , who had been appointed to fill the seat on an interim basis when Deborah Kafoury resigned to run for County Chair .	Sing
Before moving to Winter Park , Henderson was Florida ’ s first African-American traveling salesman .	Sing
In 2011 , Vasiljević joined Kazakh side FC Shakhter Karagandy and appeared in all but one league match in the 2011 season .	Sing
On 1 June 2017 , Vasiljević left Shakhter Karagandy by mutual consent .	Sing
Kickin ' The Beat - Disc 2 Track 8 - Porn Kings feat Pamela Ferrandez	Sing
He described Fey as " witty , smart [ and ] sexy " .	Sing
The cabin has twelve separate log dog kennels , also to a standard Park Service design .	Plur
In 1836 he married Severine Elise Angell Gram in the Nidaros Cathedral .	Sing
During their day together , Stella almost lets slip to Stephen that Rex and Jerome are indeed one and the same person .	Sing
The magnet program accepts students citywide using a random lottery with a standing of 6 or higher in both reading and math .	Sing
At NLS he invented the digital voltmeter , in 1954 .	Sing
In the late 1990s , Kay founded Kay Computers , which similarly manufactured and sold personal computers .	Plur
It is a part of the municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn , and lies about 2 km west of Alphen aan den Rijn .	Sing
Gates never forgot J. P. Morgan 's snub at the U. S. Steel merger .	Sing
He accused Osgood of tampering with the courts and claimed that he would receive the legal ownership of the company he was due .	Sing
One of Gates ' associates spotted two raindrops that were moving at the same rate and pointed them out to him .	Plur
Gates selected a raindrop and bet his associate that it would reach the bottom of the window first .	Sing
Gates continued his heavy betting on horse races when in the United States .	Sing
It is a part of the municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn , and lies about 2 km north of Alphen aan den Rijn .	Sing
There he formed a midfield alongside Ali Benarbia and Laurent Robert .	Sing
" Stop Whispering " is a single from English alternative rock band Radiohead , released as the band 's fourth single in 1993 .	Sing
" Stop Whispering " was released as the follow-up to " Creep " in Australia on 7 February 1994 .	Sing
The video also shows Jonny Greenwood playing a Rickenbacker Guitar , as opposed to the Fender Telecaster which he is known for playing .	Sing
Whilst on tour in America in late 2004 he met Stephanie Seales , and they married in the summer of 2006 in America and England .	Plur
In 1999 , Nuñez joined Greek club PAOK .	Sing
In June 2010 , he rejoined Comunicaciones .	Plur
Erik Wickberg married Ensign Frieda de Groot in 1929 , but she died a year later .	Sing
Powerful owls frequently take apart prey and consume piecemeal .	Sing
Yuyeon of Sudasa Temple built a hermitage on this site , it finally gained stature as a proper temple .	Sing
Although the Tigers won 6 – 4 in twelve innings , Phil Coke replaced Valverde as the Tigers ' closer for the remainder of the postseason .	Sing
On April 4 , 2013 , The Tigers signed Valverde to a minor league contract .	Sing
Some have questioned the sportsmanship of his behavior , including former teammate Miguel Montero of the Arizona Diamondbacks who has called him " unprofessional " .	Sing
Leib created his animation studio Twinkle in 1993 ; Twinkle has produced animation and titles for film , TV series , music videos , and websites .	Sing
[ ... ] Jewish linguistics , the exploration of Jewish languages such as Yiddish , has shaped general sociolinguistics .	Plur
in 1994 the Stanford University Libraries established the ' Joshua A. Fishman and Gella Schweid Fishman Family Archives ' within their Special Collections Section .	Sing
Some symptoms include hypoglycemia and decreased blood sodium levels and increased blood potassium levels caused by a deficiency of aldosterone .	Plur
Other symptoms include fatigue , salt cravings , weight loss , and increased skin pigmentation .	Sing
It then causes melanocytes to produce more pigment , thus darkening the skin tone .	Plur
Aguilera performed " Hurt " at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards on August 31 .	Sing
She also performed " Candyman " on " The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " .	Sing
In 2015 , he left Reggina to join newly promoted Lega Pro club Lupa Roma .	Sing
A flowing robe with gentle folds , revealing the right shoulder , drapes the Buddha 's robust torso .	Sing
The song describes the narrator 's growing alcoholism .	Sing
In 2008 , together with Aaron Swartz , Griffith designed the Tor2web proxy .	Sing
1ère Compagnie Médicale et Groupe d 'Ambulancières " Rochambeau " ( Rochambelles )	Sing
He died on March 18 , 1878 while visiting Hot Springs , Arkansas to improve his faltering health .	Sing
Many trainees practice asceticism and try to pursue the truth .	Sing
In addition , the Maine National Guard includes the 11th Weapons of Mass Destruction Civil Support Team .	Plur
She was born Eleanore Virginia Crowe on December 21 , 1903 in Richmond , Virginia to her father Harry Crowe , a salesman and her mother Helen .	Sing
The Commodore VIC-20 , for example , used a port expander to allow more than one cartridge to connect to the single ROM cartridge port .	Sing
It seems Mullens wasn 't too concerned about the latter possibility , and indeed Vamgas did rise when it listed on the stock exchange .	Sing
In terms of total National Guard members , Nevada now ranks 45th among the states and territories , up from 47th in 2004 .	Plur
The Forum founded the " Middle East Quarterly " in 1994 .	Sing
Juan Cole , professor of Middle Eastern history at the University of Michigan , accused the Middle East Quarterly of making " scurrilous attacks on people " .	Sing
Campaign credits earned were for Rome - Arno , North Apennines , and Po Valley .	Sing
This organization listed above remained static until August 1950 .	Sing
Collis became Carlton 's second Medallist in four years , following John James who won in 1961 .	Sing
The charter allowed the eight lord proprietors the rights to " levy , train and muster men of all sorts . "	Plur
Before KO Golovkin , who won 2003 World Amateur Boxing Championship , was outpointing Bute with 13 points .	Sing
On October 24 , 2008 , Bute defeated Mexico 's Librado Andrade by unanimous decision but the end of the fight was marred with controversy .	Sing
Bute defeated three-time world title challenger Fulgencio Zúñiga on March 13 , 2009 .	Sing
In round four , Bute knocked Zúñiga down with a left uppercut to the body .	Sing
On November 29 , 2009 , Lucian Bute fought Andrade in a rematch and won with a fourth-round KO at Colisee Pepsi in Quebec City , Canada .	Sing
The first three rounds saw Andrade as the aggressor and Bute played the role of counter-puncher , as had been the case in the first fight .	Sing
HBO 's unofficial scorecard had Bute up 30-27 after the 3rd round .	Sing
Bute floored Brinkley for the second time in round eight and knocked him out with an uppercut in round nine .	Sing
South Carolina has the nation 's only elected Adjutant General .	Sing
Ernest W. Marland used guardsmen to allow the drilling of oil wells on the Capitol grounds in Oklahoma City .	Plur
The Jaguars released Clemons on March 3 , 2016 .	Plur
In 2005 , a 6th grade class made a second commemorative quilt in her honor .	Sing
The festival featured a walk-around tasting of several New York City restaurants for the purpose of raising money for Lab student programs .	Sing
The Vermont Air Guard has used F-16s since the late 1980s ( or early 1990s ) .	Plur
As of 2015 , the 167th is flying the C-17 Globemaster III and the 130th is flying the C-130 Hercules in support of operations worldwide .	Sing
That same day the wing received its first C-17 Globemaster III aircraft , one of eight C-17s the unit is slated to receive .	Sing
Her sisters Bessie and Mamie sang in the Yiddish theater chorus and brought Yetta in as well .	Sing
She has received several honorary doctorates :	Sing
Its architect , Adjemi ibn Abubekr ( or Adjemi Nakchivani ) , also built the nearby mausoleum of Yusuf ibn Kuseyir .	Sing
Kotor is part of the World Heritage Site dubbed the Natural and Culturo-Historical Region of Kotor .	Sing
The school had been ranked 98th in the state of 328 schools in 2012 , after being ranked 57th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed .	Sing
The magazine ranked the school 61st in 2008 out of 316 schools .	Sing
Volatile tellurium compounds often have unpleasant odours , reminiscent of decayed leeks or garlic .	Plur
Its defensive behaviours include self-destruction by autothysis , a term coined by Maschwitz and Maschwitz ( 1974 ) .	Sing
Steam explosions also loosened angular chunks of black and red lava rock comprising the valley floor .	Plur
The extensive terrace on the side of Fort Rock marks one lakeshore about 14,000 years ago .	Sing
The Northern Dvina forms a delta entering the Dvina Bay , with many islands separating different streams .	Sing
His senior year , he received All-City and All League Honors .	Sing
Magnus featured his trademark " Weather With a Beat , " where he would list U.S. and world city temperatures to an upbeat instrumental background .	Sing
Robertson led Crispus Attucks to another championship in 1956 , as it was the first Indiana high school team to complete a season undefeated .	Plur
Hammond had posted a WHIP under 1.00 until shoulder injuries nagged him once again .	Sing
He was named Carlmont 's Athlete of the Year in football , basketball and baseball as a senior in 1999 .	Sing
In football , he garnered All-District and All-State honors .	Sing
During this timeframe he scored a single TD .	Sing
A few months later a new drummer joined Excel : Greg Saenz .	Sing
Alex Barreto , a long time friend of the band , replaced Siegel on guitar .	Sing
The pair followed up with a successful sequel , " Belles on Their Toes " ( 1950 ) , which was adapted as an eponymous 1952 film .	Plur
The mother , Maichen Ambrai , takes Sarra to Ostinhold , where Maichen gives birth to Cailet , but then dies .	Sing
He walked Maddux and Andruw Jones , then threw four wild pitches to put them on second and third .	Sing
" École des mines de Nantes	Sing
But the Roman Canon shows perhaps more likeness to that of Antioch in its formulæ .	Plur
This puts the Intercession after the " " Supplices " " prayer , and exactly corresponds to the order suggested above .	Sing
The Greek version adds a rubric before it : " Here he names the dead " .	Sing
Evidently to bring the Intercession before the Consecration .	Sing
He would have celebrated his own liturgy in the pope 's city , and was certainly greatly honoured as a confessor and exile for the Faith .	Sing
He worked Valley Traffic Detail and served as liaison for Deputy Chief Mark Kroeker in the aftermath of the 1992 riots .	Sing
Ramsey appointed Kurita as speaker " pro tempore " in return for her support .	Sing
In 2004 the New Zealand Labour government introduced the Working for Families package as part of the 2004 budget .	Sing
Students and volunteers make up the airstaff .	Sing
In 1835 he built Fort Vasquez .	Sing
By 1843 they had built Fort Bridger on Blacks Fork of the Green River , which became as much an emigrant station as trading post .	Sing
The 950-seat theatre opened on April 1 , 1918 , hosting the play " The Fountain of Youth " .	Sing
The theater closed in 2004 , the interior demolished and subsequently rebuilt by the Durst Organization to make way for the 57-story Bank of America Tower .	Sing
Members of the Nakoda nations of Paul and Alexis signed an adhesion to Treaty 6 in 1877 .	Sing
Underground , the men have grown less virile , and there are fewer and fewer children born each generation .	Sing
With Timmek now cooperative , the astronauts manufacture a bazooka and head back to the surface .	Sing
Borden slays Naga and orders the remaining deformed mutates to leave .	Sing
In 1956 , he also helmed the comedy " Navy Wife " and crime thriller " Calling Homicide " .	Sing
Unfortunately , this retirement also included the 509th .	Sing
During the last deployment , SAC informed the 509th that the wing would swap its B-52s for FB-111As .	Sing
In June 1950 , the wing received the B-50D Superfortress and in January 1954 , the KC-97 Stratotanker replaced the aging KB-29Ms .	Sing
The plasmodium of slime molds can form sclerotia in adverse environmental conditions .	Sing
Approximately seven days into the infection , the mycelium produces conidia .	Plur
Sclerotia from " Psilocybe mexicana " and " Psilocybe tampanensis " also contain the active metabolites psilocin and psilocybin .	Sing
The fifth chapter narrates the fleeing of the Zoroastrians to Bahrot , taking the fire from the temple in Sanjan with them .	Sing
Ibira initially pictured " Karas " as a horror story with a vengeance theme .	Sing
He attracted several " yōkai " to be his cybernetic followers and intended to subjugate the humans .	Sing
The use of theatrical elements and movie shooting techniques in its presentation sets " Karas " apart from its contemporaries .	Sing
The Japanese animation industry traditionally drew every film cel by hand .	Sing
This reduced waste ; animators can reuse digital cels to correct errors and make changes .	Plur
The team working on " Karas " , however , drew silhouettes for long shots and created complicated CG for close-ups .	Sing
The sound crew procured a Nissan Skyline GT-R and recorded its engine noise for several runs .	Sing
They have also released " Karas : The Prophecy " on UMD .	Sing
They expanded Avondale from to by purchasing surrounding properties .	Sing
He died in the Merchants ' and Sailors ' Almshouse in Bristol in 1791 .	Sing
In a 1984 article , Daniel Dishon and Bruce Maddi-Weitzmann use the same neologism , " Neo-Shu 'ubiyya " .	Sing
In 2010 , the Council on Foreign Relations described RCTV as " the most important independent television station in Venezuela " .	Sing
Later that year , RCTV debuted their first telenovela , " Camay " , which was on at 9 : 00 pm .	Sing
This academy allowed RCTV to give the opportunity to prepare and train their artists and workers .	Sing
DirecTV Venezuela has replaced RCTV with TVes on 104 .	Sing
This race uses the Molson Indy Vancouver as a final test of the player 's skills .	Sing
This saddened Emperor Dezong greatly and caused his own conditions to grow worse , and he died on February 25 , 805 .	Sing
Census data for the area shows Squaw Creek Precinct under Boise County with a population of 30 in 1870 .	Sing
Dry Creek was renamed Dubois in 1892 and incorporated prior to 1920 while Spencer was incorporated in 1947 .	Sing
As he struggled for his life , Kahutia-te-rangi recited an incantation invoking the southern humpback whales ( " paikea " in Māori ) to carry him ashore .	Sing
When the legislature formed Caribou County on February 11 , 1919 , Bannock County retained the Gem , Gentile Valley , and Upper Portneuf valleys .	Sing
Hudson 's Bay Company established Fort Boise in 1834 near what is now Parma , but abandoned it in 1855 .	Sing
Businessmen James A. McGee and Alexander Duffes filed the plat for nearby Nampa in 1886 .	Sing
Bonner County comprises the Sandpoint , ID Micropolitan Statistical Area .	Sing
The county 's gerrymandered southeastern panhandle , known locally as the Yale area , is sparsely populated .	Sing
Smaller buttes called the East Butte and the Middle Butte located in the Snake River Plain are visible south of US Route 20 .	Sing
Tafa 'i threw Sina into a pit , from which she is rescued by his parents , who bring her to live with them .	Sing
It also includes a genealogy of the members of Hawaiian royalty and was created in honor of Kalaninuiamamao and passed down orally to his daughter Alapaiwahine .	Sing
As an adult at Andalusia , she raised and nurtured some 100 peafowl .	Sing
She described her peacocks in an essay entitled " The King of the Birds " .	Plur
His name means " man eater " .	Sing
Losi then stole a slip of taro plant and smuggled it back to earth , where it became a staple of Samoan diet .	Sing
He has also advertised McVitie 's biscuits .	Plur
In 2016 , Norton published his debut novel " Holding " , published by Hodder & Stoughton , about a murder in an Irish rural community .	Sing
They no longer hunt the Japanese serow , which is protected , but continue to hunt bear .	Sing
During the debate , Representative Virginia Foxx of North Carolina called the " hate crime " labeling of Shepard 's murder a " hoax " .	Sing
Paisley married Eileen Cassells on 13 October 1956 .	Sing
Other MEPs jeered Paisley , threw papers at him and snatched his poster , but he produced another and continued shouting .	Sing
Paisley publicly thanked the UVF for taking part in a march on 7 April .	Sing
The authorities allowed the marchers to go through the Catholic Cromac Square neighbourhood carrying placards with anti-Catholic slogans .	Plur
It included Paisley and the other UUUC leaders , the leaders of the UWC , and the heads of the loyalist paramilitary groups .	Sing
Afterwards , Paisley gathered a throng of Orangemen and tried to push through the police lines , but was arrested .	Sing
A year before , he had had a pacemaker fitted due to cardiac arrhythmia , during his time in the House of Lords .	Sing
However , Kahutia-te-rangi recited an incantation invoking the Southern Right Whale or the Southern Humpback whales ( " paikea " in Māori ) to carry him ashore .	Sing
Slash fiction , in that sense , offers queer youth the chance to explore who they are , and at a low risk .	Plur
Some media creators seem down-right slash friendly .	Sing
They find the online fandom , and comment about their activities including the writing of slash fanfiction .	Sing
Since the demon and the gas are interacting , we must consider the total entropy of the gas and the demon combined .	Sing
Single-atom traps used by particle physicists allow an experimenter to control the state of individual quanta in a way similar to Maxwell 's demon .	Sing
The Raizen Group demonstrated significant cooling of atoms with the one-way wall in a series of experiments in 2008 .	Sing
demonstrated an experimental realization of a Szilárd engine .	Sing
Ammonium nitrate has an LD of 2217 mg / kg , which for comparison is about two-thirds that of table salt .	Sing
The Realencyclopädie der classischen Altertumswissenschaft , commonly called the Pauly – Wissowa or simply RE , is a German encyclopedia of classical scholarship .	Sing
The Mongol conquest and the establishment of the Yuan dynasty in 1279 ended Hangzhou 's political clout , but its economy continued to prosper .	Sing
Other prominent mountains include Mounts Yandang , Tianmu , Tiantai , and Mogan , which reach altitudes of .	Plur
This leads some Egyptologists to suggest that the latter temple had been built over the site of the first .	Plur
The Assyrian king Esarhaddon , supported by some of the native Egyptian princes , captured Memphis in 671 BCE .	Sing
In 332 BCE , Alexander the Great was crowned pharaoh in the Temple of Ptah , ushering in the Hellenistic period .	Sing
The sanctity of these places inevitably attracted the devout and the faithful , who sought either to make an offering to Osiris , or to bury another .	Sing
He also discovered the great colossus of Rameses II in pink granite .	Sing
Boldon also held the collegiate 100 m record with 9.90 s from 1996 until it was broken by Travis Padgett , who ran 9.89s , in 2008 .	Sing
That accident left Boldon with a serious hip injury , and he was a shadow of his former self as a sprinter .	Sing
In 2017 , Boldon joined " NASCAR on NBC " broadcast as a features contributor .	Sing
To the east it bordered the Savoy and Piedmont , and to the south the Comtat Venaissin and Provence .	Sing
The title also conferred an appanage on the region .	Sing
He also acquired Montélimar and the Principality of Orange .	Sing
This event allowed the sitting of the Assembly of Vizille , which instigated the meeting of the old Estates General , thus beginning the Revolution .	Sing
In Isère , the results showed 82,084 yes and only 12 no .	Plur
In 1670 , Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban visited Verdun and drew up an ambitious scheme to fortify the whole city .	Sing
Norwich Duff visited Verdun in 1819 , shortly after the conclusion of the Napoleonic Wars .	Sing
Recent scholarship by Holger Afflerbach and others , however , has questioned the veracity of the Christmas memo .	Sing
Molecular dating finds that pipefish and seahorses diverged during the Late Oligocene .	Sing
The amount of available cover influences the seahorses feeding behaviour .	Plur
Israel completed the disengagement on 12 September 2005 .	Sing
They reaffirm the illegality of the settlements in the said territories and of the extension thereof . "	Sing
After the signing of the Oslo Accords , the Palestinian territories were divided 16 governorates under the jurisdiction of the Palestinian National Authority .	Plur
It allowed mechanization of processing of short-staple cotton , making its cultivation profitable in the upland areas .	Sing
Wayne County comprises the Jesup , Georgia Micropolitan Statistical Area .	Sing
The rail line connected Screven and Thomasville which at the time was a resort city popular with Europeans and wealthy Americans .	Sing
Upson County comprises the Thomaston , GA Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs , GA Combined Statistical Area .	Sing
Troup County comprises the LaGrange , GA Micropolitan Statistical Area .	Sing
Passive filters use resistors combined with reactive components such as capacitors and inductors .	Plur
Expensive hi-fi speaker systems and receivers use higher quality passive crossovers , to obtain improved sound quality and lower distortion .	Plur
A higher order tweeter crossover can sometimes help compensate for the time offset between the woofer and tweeter , caused by non aligned acoustic centre	Sing
Derived crossovers include active crossovers in which one of the crossover responses is derived from the other through the use of a differential amplifier .	Plur
Tift County comprises the Tifton , Georgia Micropolitan Statistical Area .	Sing
Other communities included Magnet and Zingara .	Sing
During his visit to the area , he also climbed Rabun Bald .	Sing
Polk County comprises the Cedartown , GA Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs , GA Combined Statistical Area .	Sing
The Creek Nation declared the land cession illegal , because it did not represent the will of the majority of the people .	Sing
After failed attempts with several large flying boats in which a few components were monocoques , he built the Zeppelin-Lindau V1 to test out a monocoque fuselage .	Sing
Examples include the German TPz Fuchs and RG-33 .	Plur
Only one complete trilogy of tragedies has survived , the " Oresteia " of Aeschylus .	Sing
He writes tragedies that derive from a variety of the classic traditions as well as modern takes on Shakespearean to Senecan to Greek tragedy .	Plur
Aristotle wrote in his work " Poetics " that	Plur
Typically , the older parts of a plant will have more epiphytes growing on them .	Plur
Epiphyte species make good houseplants due to their minimal water and soil requirements .	Plur
ACTH also stimulates lipoprotein uptake into cortical cells .	Sing
This increases the bioavailability of cholesterol in the cells of the adrenal cortex .	Sing
It also contained the 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend .	Sing
Strong had informed Bedell Smith in December of his suspicions .	Sing
The 6th Panzer Army included the elite of the Waffen-SS , including four Panzer divisions and five infantry divisions in three corps .	Sing
" Kampfgruppe " Peiper attacked Stavelot on 18 December but was unable to capture the town before the Americans evacuated a large fuel depot .	Sing
SS- " Oberführer " Mohnke ordered " Schnellgruppe " Knittel , which had been designated to follow Hansen , to instead move forward to support Peiper .	Sing
Peiper ordered Knittel to retake Stavelot .	Sing
While the German offensive had ground to a halt during January 1945 , they still controlled a dangerous salient in the Allied line .	Sing
For its part , Hut 3 had grown " shy of going beyond its job of amending and explaining German messages .	Sing
Most airships built since the 1960s have used helium , though some have used hot air .	Sing
This concept used changes in lift to provide propulsive force , and did not need a powerplant .	Sing
In 1874 Micajah Clark Dyer filed U.S. Patent 154,654 ' Apparatus for Navigating the Air " .	Sing
In Britain , the Army built their first dirigible , the " Nulli Secundus " , in 1907 .	Sing
1 and nicknamed the " Mayfly " , it broke its back in 1911 before making a single flight .	Sing
H. G. Wells ' " The War in the Air " ( 1908 ) described the obliteration of entire fleets and cities by airship attack .	Sing
Nevertheless , the raid caused a significant diversion of British resources to defense efforts .	Sing
Italy , the Soviet Union , the United States and Japan mainly operated semi-rigid airships .	Plur
Eventually , the U.S. Navy lost all three U.S.-built rigid airships to accidents .	Plur
The Soviet Union had several semi-rigid and non-rigid airships .	Plur
When the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941 , bringing the United States into World War II , the U.S. Navy had 10 nonrigid airships :	Plur
Airship Ventures operated a Zeppelin NT for advertising , passenger service and special mission projects .	Sing
Los Angeles-based Worldwide Aeros Corp. produces FAA Type Certified Aeros 40D Sky Dragon airships .	Plur
For 2 years , A-NSE has been testing its airships for the French Army .	Plur
Several companies , such as Cameron Balloons in Bristol , United Kingdom , build hot-air airships .	Plur
French forces had captured Waldsee by 25 April 1945 and presumably took control of the Bachem-Werk .	Sing
The next day it crossed the autobahn and headed straight for the Natter operational area .	Sing
The chief priests informed Pilate of a new charge , demanding Jesus be sentenced to death " because he claimed to be God 's son . "	Sing
This possibility filled Pilate with fear , and he brought Jesus back inside the palace and demanded to know from where he came ( ) .	Sing
Some churches have a candelabrum with twelve candles on it , and after each Gospel reading one of the candles is extinguished .	Sing
Then the priest may deliver a homily and everyone comes forward to venerate the epitaphios .	Sing
This service is also sometimes called " Jerusalem Matins " .	Plur
If a bishop or abbot celebrates , he wears a plain mitre ( " mitra simplex " ) .	Sing
The Three Days remain one liturgy which celebrates the death and resurrection of Jesus .	Sing
They have traditionally used the indigenous plant Datura as a deliriant hallucinogen in a religious sacrament .	Sing
This incorrectly defined the name Mohave as being derived from " hamock , " ( three ) , and " avi , " ( mountain ) .	Sing
Sharp Corporation introduced the first microwave oven with a turntable between 1964 and 1966 .	Sing
In 1965 , Raytheon acquired Amana .	Sing
In France , 40 % of households owned a microwave oven in 1994 , but that number had increased to 65 % by 2004 .	Sing
Microwave heating can cause localized thermal runaways in some materials with low thermal conductivity which also have dielectric constants that increase with temperature .	Plur
Modern microwave ovens use either an analog dial-type timer or a digital control panel for operation .	Sing
Under certain conditions , glass can exhibit thermal runaway in a microwave to the point of melting .	Sing
All microwaves use a timer for the cooking time , at the end of cooking time , the oven switches itself off .	Sing
Intact fresh egg yolks outside the shell will also explode , as a result of superheating .	Plur
The air forms a conductive plasma , which is visible as a spark .	Sing
Microwaving an individual smooth metal object without pointed ends , for example , a spoon or shallow metal pan , usually does not produce sparking .	Sing
High reflected power may also cause magnetron arcing , possibly resulting in primary power fuse failure , though such a causal relationship isn 't easily established .	Sing
Every microwave oven sold has a protective interlock so that it cannot be run when the door is open or improperly latched .	Sing
Other issues include melting and flammability .	Sing
The Japanese thus achieve complete surprise and a joyous commander Fuchida sends the code to begin the attack : " Tora !	Sing
The original cast list had included many Japanese amateurs .	Plur
However , even the team of Jack Hardwick and Ed Schnepf who have been involved in research on aviation films , had relegated " Tora !	Sing
In its literal sense , " bourgeois " in Old French ( " burgeis , borjois " ) means " town dweller " .	Sing
They have rich cultural and historical heritages , and their financial means are more than secure .	Plur
During the designing of the 6600 , CDC had set up " Project SPIN " to supply the system with a high speed hard disk memory system .	Sing
In 1974 CDC released the STAR , designated as the Cyber 203 .	Sing
Coronado dispatched Pedro de Tovar and other members of their party to find the Hopi villages .	Sing
A few years later , the Spanish explorer García López de Cárdenas investigated the Rio Grande and met the Hopi .	Sing
They warmly entertained Cardenas and his men and directed him on his journey .	Plur
Spanish oppression and attempts to convert the Hopi caused the Hopi over time to become increasingly intolerant towards their occupiers .	Sing
The US established Fort Defiance in 1851 in Arizona , and placed troops in Navajo country to deal with their threats to the Hopi .	Sing
The reservation prevented encroachment by white settlers , but it did not protect the Hopis against the Navajos .	Sing
The combination of his literary work and his dissolute lifestyle led Horace Walpole to give him the epithet " inspired idiot " .	Sing
Childish and Thomson have issued several manifestos .	Plur
The poetry group dispersed after two years , reconvening in 1987 to record " The Medway Poets " LP .	Plur
Other Australian Stuckists include Godfrey Blow , who exhibited in " The Stuckists Punk Victorian " .	Sing
In 2005 Mike Mayhew also founded " The Christchurch Stuckists " in New Zealand .	Plur
Trichomes , in the form of scales or hairs , allow bromeliads to capture water in cloud forests and help to reflect sunlight in desert environments .	Plur
This adaptation allows bromeliads in hot or dry climates to open their stomates at night rather than during the day , which reduces water loss .	Plur
Humans have been using bromeliads for thousands of years .	Plur
As a result , this does not make the automaton more powerful , but is a convenient abstraction .	Sing
The table provides the following mapping :	Sing
To explain an LL ( 1 ) parser 's workings we will consider the following small LL ( 1 ) grammar :	Sing
Other marine mammals include walrus , Steller sea lion , northern fur seal , orca and polar bear .	Sing
Seabird species include tufted puffins , the endangered short-tailed albatross , spectacled eider , and red-legged kittiwakes .	Plur
Shellfish include red king crab and " Chionoecetes " .	Sing
The findings suggested human habitation in this area much earlier than documented by other evidence .	Sing
At the age of 23 , he became the bandmaster of Mahara 's Colored Minstrels .	Sing
Till then , however , I had never heard this slur used by a more sophisticated Negro , or by any white man .	Sing
From 1171 on , his descendants were titled Margraves of Este .	Plur
In 1242 Azzo VII " Novello " was nominated podestà for his lifetime .	Sing
Several days later , the frigate ( 32 ) spotted the damaged " Santísima Trinidad " making her way back to Spain .	Sing
Thus ensued the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period .	Plur
Thus began the Shatuo Later Tang — the first in a long line of conquest dynasties .	Sing
After reuniting much of northern China , in 925 Cunxu conquered the Former Shu , a regime that had been set up in Sichuan .	Sing
In 959 , Chai Rong attacked the Liao in an attempt to recover territories ceded during the Later Jin .	Sing
The kingdom included Guangdong , Guangxi , and Hainan .	Sing
The kingdom held Hunan and northeastern Guangxi .	Sing
Here he met the first Ainu and managed to kill fifty of them .	Sing
The Russian explorer Adam Johann von Krusenstern visited Sakhalin in 1805 , but regarded it as a peninsula .	Sing
In August 1945 , after repudiating the Soviet – Japanese Neutrality Pact , the Soviet Union invaded southern Sakhalin .	Sing
STV Group plc uses the STV brand for its two franchises of central and northern Scotland .	Sing
The act created the Independent Television Authority ( ITA , then IBA after the Sound Broadcasting Act ) to heavily regulate the industry and to award franchises .	Sing
" Jean-François de Galaup , comte de Lapérouse	Sing
He even surpassed Fleurieu 's directives by acquiring two sextants of a new type .	Plur
As regards geography , Lapérouse decisively showed the rigour and safety of the methods proven by Cook .	Sing
Lapérouse and his 220 men left Brest on 1 August 1785 , rounded Cape Horn , investigated the Spanish colonial government in the Captaincy General of Chile .	Sing
On 25 September 1791 , Rear Admiral Bruni d 'Entrecasteaux departed Brest in search of Lapérouse .	Sing
The Tikopin by the name of Pu.Ratia showed Dillon and his crew the direction to sail to Vanikoro .	Sing
The Tsugaru Strait separates Hokkaido from Honshu .	Sing
Major cities include Sapporo and Asahikawa in the central region and the port of Hakodate facing Honshu .	Sing
Other local industries include pasta and sausage plants , and a distillery .	Sing
Stephenson also voiced the Dwarf Dori and The Great Goblin .	Sing
In Inevitable Entertainment 's 2003 " Hobbit " video game , André Sogliuzzo plays Bard .	Sing
Rateliff sees Bard as a precursor and foreshadower of Aragorn : both restore their ancestor 's kingdoms in all their glory .	Sing
Tolkien Calendar " , the Brothers Hildebrandt depicted Smaug with bright red scales and large bat-like wings .	Sing
Commonwealth Court Judge Dan Pellegrini ordered Hanes in September 2013 to stop issuing same-sex marriage licenses .	Sing
For phonological comparisons of Quebec French , Belgian French , Meridional French , and Metropolitan French , see French phonology .	Sing
These methods generally involved the scraping or cutting-away of part of the stamp , or perhaps punching a hole through its middle .	Sing
Canada Post uses automated cancellations with computer-printed messaging .	Plur
Collectors who are interested in the cancellations themselves prefer bold , readable cancellations .	Plur
Historically , collectors disliked pen cancels and removed many of them , making the stamp appear unused or to add a fake cancellation .	Plur
Paleomagnetic and geochronological dating mechanisms have allowed the deciphering of Precambrian Supereon tectonics .	Sing
He shared the greed of his family , though he valued the welfare of others above his wealth .	Sing
Smaug had attacked Erebor ( the Lonely Mountain ) about 150 years before , and had taken both the dwarves ' mountain and their treasure .	Sing
Gandalf persuaded him that stealth , rather than force , was needed to infiltrate Erebor ; they would therefore need a burglar .	Sing
Many Ukrainian peasants and adventurers joined the Danubian Sich afterwards .	Sing
Ukrainian folklore remembers the Danubian Sich , while new siches of Loyal Zaporozhians on the Bug and Dniester are not famous ones .	Sing
The Soviet famine of 1932 – 33 , called Holodomor by Cossacks , impacted the people very hard .	Sing
The writer Leo Tolstoy described such Cossack female chauvinism in his " Cossacks " novel .	Sing
The dress uniform had blue or green breeches with broad coloured stripes in the Host colour and these were often worn with the service jacket .	Plur
Before the dramatic climax , she uses her son 's brainwashing to have sex with him .	Sing
These electrical fields assist the vortices in lifting materials off the ground and into the atmosphere .	Plur
Hot cinders underneath freshly deposited ash in recently burned areas may sometimes generate numerous dust devils .	Plur
The lighter weight and the darker color of the ash may create dust devils that are visible hundreds of feet into the air .	Plur
The same conditions can produce a snow whirlwind , although differential heating is more difficult in snow-covered areas .	Sing
Some wildlife survived the Desolation of Smaug , a dragon who invaded the Mountain and dominated its surrounds for nearly 200 years in the Third Age .	Sing
The Longbeards amassed a large treasure hoard during this time .	Sing
During this attack Smaug was slain by Bard the Bowman ; Thorin claimed the mountain on learning of Smaug 's demise .	Sing
Some of the Dwarves , led by Balin , left Erebor to reclaim the ancient Dwarvish Kingdom of Khazad-dûm ( also known as Moria ) .	Sing
In 2012 , they named a Titanean mountain " Erebor Mons " after the Lonely Mountain .	Plur
With vaudeville becoming more popular , it allowed female impersonators to become popular as well .	Plur
Barcelona , Valencia and Seville hold also local Pride Parades .	Plur
The network predates the FCC 's discontinuation of channels 70 to 83 , since some of the Cattaraugus County licenses were in that range .	Sing
He founded The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation which was the founder member of HSBC Group and directed the P & O Company .	Sing
He also won the prep wrestling 5-A state championship and was the Florida Class 5A 238 pound class state champion in weightlifting .	Sing
On August 20 , the Saints signed McKie to replace injured fullback Marcus Mailei .	Sing
The dam 's purpose includes hydro-power , irrigation , water supply , and conservation .	Sing
The dam foundations are weathered Devonian conglomerates , sandstones and shales .	Plur
In 1998 , he bolted Lakas and joined the Laban ng Makabayang Masang Pilipino ( LAMMP ) and supported Joseph Estrada in the presidency contest .	Sing
Drilon allowed Pimentel to occupy the Senate presidency until the end of the regular session in June 2001 .	Sing
On 2012 , after Senator Ralph Recto stepped down as the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Ways and Means , Drilon	Sing
( He also fends off a condescending salesman by proclaiming that he and Rachel have had sex 298 times .	Sing
That coinage began so late is in fact a little surprising .	Sing
In addition to theology , through the university 's curricular exchange program he also studied embryology , genetics , comparative anatomy , and paleontology while at Princeton .	Sing
While studying at Princeton University , Kagawa read " Tree Crops : A Permanent Agriculture " by Joseph Russell Smith .	Sing
When it was founded on November 20 , the newspaper pressured unionized newsstands to sell the paper that day .	Plur
In 2010 Gilmore established the Gilmore | Henne Community Fund with Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback , and fellow Wilson High School grad , Chad Henne .	Sing
That they loved each other is suggested by some drawings he made of her ( " Shards of Honor , " ch .	Sing
A year or so later , Aral 's father dies and Aral becomes the 11th Count Vorkosigan , with local duties .	Sing
Miles becomes his father 's proxy in the Council of Counts .	Sing
The Torre Latinoamericana withstood the quakes and is still standing today as a witness of progress in earthquake engineering .	Plur
Aerotolerant anaerobes have superoxide dismutase and peroxidase but don 't have catalase .	Sing
However the narrow aperture height limited its usability .	Sing
In the 1975 – 76 playoff quarterfinal series vs. Boston , Goring scored the overtime game-winning goal in game 2 and game 6 .	Sing
" The Corsair " had reviewed " Either / Or " March 10 , 1843 , it had been published on February 20 , 1843 .	Sing
The following is a glossary of terms and concepts in Hinduism .	Sing
Instead it lets the individual seek and discover answers in the quest of life .	Sing
The State Council , established Lianshan Zhuang and Yao Autonomous County on September 26 , 1962 .	Sing
In an effort to halt the widening epidemic , Leitch imposed a quarantine on October 19 .	Sing
The Spartan phalanx took first the Argives , then the Corinthians , and then the Boeotians in the side , inflicting heavy losses on all three .	Plur
This was perhaps how he attained the Kingship of the " Men of Moray " .	Sing
A foreword identifies the fictional Saltbush Farmstead with the Cowboy Wash site .	Sing
Here he painted his masterpiece " Where Do We Come From ?	Sing
He later took the warrior name Hook Nose , which the whites interpreted as Roman Nose .	Sing
Some of his other aliases were Arched Nose , and Woo-kay-nay .	Sing
Ice told Hook Nose that should he violate either of these conditions , he would surely be killed in battle .	Sing
Inside the " honden " is kept the , literally , " the sacred body of the kami " .	Sing
For the same reason , it has a , but no " honden " .	Sing
Vakhtang " Vic " Darchinyan ( ; born 7 January 1976 ) is an Armenian professional boxer .	Sing
In his fifth title defense , Vic faced Glenn Donaire on 7 October 2006 .	Sing
In his sixth title defense , Darchinyan faced former light flyweight champion Victor Burgos on 3 March 2007 .	Sing
Vic knocked Burgos down in the second round and stopped him in the twelfth round .	Sing
Darchinyan lost the IBF and IBO flyweight titles to Donaire .	Sing
The match was eventually awarded Knockout of the Year and Upset of the Year by Ring Magazine .	Sing
On 1 November 2008 , Darchinyan fought WBC and WBA super flyweight champion Cristian Mijares at the Home Depot Center in Carson , California .	Sing
In the ninth round , Darchinyan caught Mijares with a right hand .	Sing
On 6 March 2010 , Darchinyan successfully defended his unified WBC and WBA titles against Rodrigo Guerrero , winning a unanimous decision .	Sing
Darchinyan dominated Mares in first half of the fight .	Sing
He was rated # 1 contender by the WBA shortly after the fight .	Sing
Moreno hit Darchinyan with a low blow and was not docked a point , even though the referee gave Darchinyan time to recuperate .	Sing
On 6 April 2012 , Darchinyan lost to WBC bantamweight champion Shinsuke Yamanaka in Yamanaka 's home country of Japan .	Sing
Yamanaka hit Darchinyan with an elbow on the same eyebrow in round five , severing the cut .	Sing
He fought WBA ( Regular ) featherweight titleholder Jesús Cuellar on 6 June 2015 and lost by 8th-round TKO .	Sing
Bold entries indicate the record-holder competed in the season .	Sing
They are given some pre-existing polygons consisting of pins ( also called terminals ) on cells , and optionally some pre-existing wiring called preroutes .	Plur
The school also publishes a Facts and Figures brochure , which is updated annually .	Plur
Voters in Linn County approved a 10-year School Infrastructure Local Option ( SILO ) Sales Tax on February 13 , 2007 .	Sing
This budget also supports STEM through a grant program worth $ 20 million for career as well as technical education programs .	Sing
in 2015 , Ministry of Education and Training included STEM as an area needed to be encouraged in national school year program .	Sing
Mr. Bailey told Melvin he was having a hard time making a living , so Wine gave him the contest prize money .	Sing
In November 2012 , Allofs left Bremen to join VfL Wolfsburg as their new sporting director .	Sing
Young directed Hamblin by letter to	Sing
Hamblin had previously promised the Navajos they could safely trade with the Mormons in that area , and Mormons were falsely blamed for the killing .	Sing
He tried both Goldsmiths and Chelsea College of the Arts , but found that art school did not suit him .	Sing
In the Ainu language , the small katakana ゥ represents a diphthong , and is written as " w " in the Latin alphabet .	Sing
Steve signed Deric to a songwriting deal and immediately began recording his first demos .	Sing
The song helped set Bentley on the path to country stardom .	Sing
( To date , Bentley has recorded six Ruttan co-writes , including the 2005 chart-topper Lot of Leavin ' Left To Do . )	Plur
He won the CCMA for songwriter of the year once again in 2014 for " Mine Would Be You , " recorded by Blake Shelton .	Sing
The RSPB is felling conifers to create additional areas of heath .	Plur
In February 2010 , Hawker Beechcraft delivered its first Hawker 4000 to a customer in mainland China .	Sing
In Game Two of the 1990 playoff series against Montreal , Galley scored the game-winner in overtime .	Sing
The news threw Khosrau into a panic .	Sing
At the height of the battle Rhahzadh suddenly challenged Heraclius to single combat with the hope of forcing the Romans to flee .	Sing
Some 300 series , such as Type 316 , also contain some molybdenum to promote resistance to acids and increase resistance to localized attack ( e.g .	Sing
Kimberlite magmas can sometimes include chunks of diamond as xenoliths , making them economically significant .	Plur
John 's other children , Patricia and Andrew , set up their own consultancies .	Plur
With the Sharks out of the playoff hunt , the team traded Gill to the St. Louis Blues for Joe Murphy on March 24 , 1998 .	Sing
The Blues put Gill on waivers , and on December 30 , 1998 , he was claimed by the Red Wings .	Sing
With the team beginning a rebuild midway through the season , the Attack relieved Gill of his duties on January 28 , 2019 .	Sing
During this time , he ran a webcam inside Be 's offices using the CodyCam application .	Sing
In later life , he established the Independence of India league and organised protests against the Simon Commission .	Sing
Soon , Iyengar became the right-hand for C. Sankaran Nair .	Sing
Later , he followed Iyengar into the Indian National Congress and the Indian independence movement .	Sing
In 1916 , he became the Advocate-General of Madras Presidency , the youngest ever to occupy the post .	Sing
The Governor Lord Goschen invited Srinivasa Iyengar as leader of opposition to form the government .	Sing
The Simon Commission visited Madras on 28 February 1928 and 18 February 1929 and was boycotted by the Swarajya Party and the Indian National Congress .	Sing
One British CID officer described Iyengar as a " political ideas factory " .	Sing
Periyar criticised Iyengar along with the rest of the Brahmin leadership of the Congress and declared that non-Brahmins can never hope to get justice from the Congress .	Sing
The ceremony includes the " Passing of the Light " ritual , which represents graduates ' commitment to the ideals of excellence in nursing practice .	Sing
The school was ranked 224th in the magazine 's September 2006 issue , which surveyed 316 schools across the state .	Sing
Mechanical engineering have culminated in the creation of cyborgs and most recently mechanical beasts , powered by human blood , the Bt .	Sing
In 1946 , Domergue married bandleader Teddy Stauffer .	Sing
In 1966 , she married Paolo Cossa , with whom she remained until his death in 1992 .	Sing
Due to severe usability and performance issues , the first Windows version was not considered a serious contender in the market .	Sing
Some theories of the right of revolution imposed significant preconditions on its exercise , limiting its invocation to the most dire circumstances .	Sing
Grošek was drafted 145th overall by the Winnipeg Jets in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft .	Sing
The Hamilton Tigers , formerly of the IRFU joined the ORFU , and the Hamilton Wildcats joined the IRFU on Friday , April 9 .	Sing
A notable centre of trade and commerce , with time the town became a shtetl inhabited almost entirely by Polish Jews .	Sing
In 1981 , George joined Malayala Manorama , a Malayalam daily .	Sing
Thus , ultramafic rocks have high Sm and low Nd and therefore " high " Sm / Nd ratios .	Sing
The dam divides the upper and lower catchment of the Murrumbidgee River and is the headwater storage for the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area .	Sing
The State Government brought in dam engineering expert Professor P.G .	Sing
Franco viewed Esteban Infantes as a more moderate and diplomatic option compared to the more controversial Muñoz Grandes .	Plur
The team had upset Milwaukee and super giant Kareem Abdul-Jabbar a year ago , bringing the team full circle from the days of Bill Russell .	Sing
The 33-year-old gave the team a needed rebounder while ranking third in the NBA in blocked shots .	Sing
Films made at the MGM-British studios for the parent company include " Ivanhoe " ( 1952 ) and " The Dirty Dozen " ( 1967 ) .	Sing
Cubic rule , often called Metric in Canada , determines the cubic volume of the log material .	Sing
Sociologist Pierre Bourdieu described symbolic annihilation as a form of subtle violence which disregards the legitimacy of an identity .	Sing
This inversion prompted new Federal Legislation tightening the rules on inversion , which are colloquially known as the " Helen of Troy Rules . "	Sing
The melt reaction produces a granitic melt and solid orthopyroxene and cordierite .	Sing
" Charles II " was renamed the " Fancy " and Every elected as the new captain .	Sing
Soon after , Trott met Every personally on land in what must have been a closed-door meeting .	Sing
The wealth of foreign-minted coins could not have escaped Trott .	Sing
Midwinter , 1732 ) , considered an unreliable ( and slightly expanded ) reprint of Johnson 's " General History " .	Sing
John Dann escaped the hangman by turning King 's witness .	Sing
In 1720 , he captured a 300-ton Dutch East Indiaman of thirty-four guns off the Malabar Coast , and renamed his new flagship to " Fancy " .	Sing
He left Duisburg in 2006 , returning to Düsseldorf , and then Innsbruck , before signing for Eintracht Trier in 2009 .	Sing
Furthermore , it requires a fiduciary to deal with transparency regarding material facts known to them in interactions with beneficiaries .	Sing
Movie development typically involves complicated workflows involving many stages and multiple suppliers of software and hardware components .	Plur
All of these indicate the desirability of using open formats .	Sing
This format uses a 12-bit Huffman Coding by patching jpeg-9a for 12-bit support .	Sing
Luckily , Cleveland shoots down a chandelier on them , trapping them .	Sing
The cleats promoted Realm of Caring Foundation , a non-profit organization supporting medical cannabis research .	Sing
It stars Madhuri Dixit and Juhi Chawla .	Sing
In April 2012 , Soumik Sen approached Madhuri Dixit about the film .	Sing
Some of the songs were predicting war cataclysm that hit FR Yugoslavia few months after the release of the album .	Sing
In 2008 , " The Economist " and " The New York Times " listed Chetty as one of the top eight young economists in the world .	Sing
George Mason University economist Tyler Cowen has described Chetty as " the single most influential economist in the world today . "	Sing
He completed Initial Recruit Training at Army Recruit Training Centre , Kapooka , NSW and commenced Initial Employment Training on 10 September 1991 .	Sing
Ramya married Bala and lived happily with him just for a short time .	Sing
Therefore , Bala killed Ramya and drowned her in water to make it look like a suicide .	Sing
Vasu warns Bala that he will soon catch him with evidence .	Sing
So Ramya 's ghost possesses Vasu and gives him the upper hand to knock out Bala .	Sing
To first order in formula _ 18 , one obtains the Navier – Stokes equations .	Sing
Mehta debuted his do-it-yourself cooking web show , J Walk , in November 2009 .	Sing
The movie stars Murali and Heera Rajagopal in lead roles .	Sing
Chinni urges Geetha not to meet Raja then and promises after Raja recuperates , he will unite them .	Sing
The airline uses the IATA code " OA " that it inherited from Olympic Airlines , and the ICAO code " OAL " .	Sing
He occasionally played Baron Ochs , and Hunding .	Plur
He played Wotan a few times .	Sing
The style of Abaporu can be traced back to the French modernists , specially Fernand Léger , who taught Tarsila in Paris in 1924 .	Sing
Applied Geochemistry 20 11 : 2082-2096 .	Sing
The Nizhnyaya Toyma River freezes in November , thaws in late April or May , and allows commercial timber rafting .	Plur
These terminal moraine ridges mark the southernmost extreme of the prehistoric glacier expansion .	Sing
Janet Martin considered Toima ( sic ) the southern extreme of Novgorodian control over the Dvina basin in this period .	Sing
Toyma artists employed cinnabar painting over either white or gilded background , and their signature motif was a festive marriage ride hauled by two horses .	Sing
Constantin Petrovicescu irritated Antonescu by upholding public acts of violent retribution , and this fall-out acquired importance by the close of 1940 .	Sing
In 1946 , he was tried ( simultaneously with Antonescu himself ) before the first of a series of Romanian People 's Tribunals as a war criminal .	Sing
In 2018 , Brown University students started a Dermot O 'Brien appreciation club .	Sing
Adaptive estimator estimates the parameter of interest equally well regardless whether the value of the nuisance parameter is known or not .	Sing
The film follows Gibb as he copes with public humiliation and ends with a sudden twist in the final minutes .	Sing
However , he left Valenciennes after Manager Antoine Kombouaré decided to let him go .	Sing
He then joined Gueugnon on 7 August 2007 , where he signed a two – year contract , which was his first professional contract .	Sing
In 1971 he founded SDA Bocconi and was its Director from 1984 to 1989 and then Chairman from 1996 to 2002 .	Sing
Ernemann joined Viking as a free agent after his contract with Sarpsborg 08 expired at the end of the 2016 season .	Sing
The medical panel of experts approved this case on 29 January 1998 as did the theologians on 5 May 1998 and the C.C.S .	Sing
Two nights later the Eastwood held a midnight screening on New Year 's Eve .	Sing
On the PlayStation 2 , the intro featured R.O.C .	Sing
On the Dreamcast version did not have BGM 's but have SFX sounds on the background .	Sing
Perelshteyn also developed the Android application Chess Genie in August 2015 , which offers tactical exercises to its users .	Sing
Den høgre skolen i Norge 1809 – 1869 " ( 1976 ) , " Norsk Lærerskolelag gjennom 75 år " ( 1978 ) .	Sing
In 1977 he completed Aslak Torjusson 's unfinished work " Den norske folkehøgskulen .	Sing
Some unusual creatures seen in the prairie include the red-headed woodpecker , sedge wrens and the brown butterfly .	Sing
They were deemed exploiters of the people for hiring labour , which became a monopoly right claimed by the communist state .	Plur
This makes Stalin , Khrushchev and Kaganovich the main communist leaders responsible for the famine in Ukraine in 1946-47 .	Sing
In the spring of 1946 Khrushchev had told Stalin about the famine .	Sing
The demos sounded hot , I knew there was something there . "	Sing
Walker built the farm 's corn crib in the 1870s , and in 1882 he helped build the nearby Little Greenbrier School .	Sing
The interior contains a stone trough through which a spring once flowed , cooling the interior .	Sing
By March 1899 he could present the first radium to the chemical society of Braunschweig and by mid-1899 he published his results on radium .	Sing
Even William Ramsay and Frederick Soddy were buying radium from the factory of Giesel .	Sing
The 7 " vinyl and cassette versions of the single featured the a-side along with the b-side " Perfume ( Aromatherapy Mix ) " .	Sing
The model would employ several strategies ( Ref .	Sing
The 12 " vinyl replaced the a-side with an extended version of the remix , titled " The People Want To Dance ( Raving Harder !	Sing
Havin loves Baran but she accepts .	Sing
That victory also avoided their nine-game losing streak for the first time since 1991 and first time in September since 1976 .	Sing
A year before " Brown v. Board of Education " , Waters ordered the desegregation of all Catholic churches and schools in North Carolina in 1953 .	Sing
Closer to home , Terry presides over popular Sunday night party mainstay , " BANG ! " .	Sing
Michael , suffering an aneurysm and Frances also , it is revealed , die for exactly 44 Minutes .	Sing
and the people responded yea or nay without discussion .	Sing
Stewart 's role as both experienced tactician and seasoned player aided Glentoran to some early successes .	Sing
He rejoined the INC in 2003 , choosing to announce his move on the birth anniversary of Rajiv Gandhi .	Sing
The contest , once again held at the York Hall , saw Daws defeat Northumbrian boxer Nigel Wright via a 12 round points decision .	Sing
The win over Morrison propelled Daws back to the top of the domestic scene as holder of the British light welterweight title .	Plur
The Mexican-American vocalist and social activist known for his work in favor of undocumented immigrants joined Residente during his performance of " Calma Pueblo " .	Sing
This prompted legendary hip-hop and reggaeton artist Tempo to respond lyrically which led to a highly publicized rap battle .	Sing
As he travels through different regions , he collaborates with different local musicians playing indigenous instruments , creating his debut self-titled album , " Residente " .	Sing
Visitante met his step-brother Residente when they were both two years old , when Residente 's mother married Visitante 's father .	Sing
In late 2010 Visitante married Cuban singer Diana Fuentes .	Plur
Only then can we achieve typography that expresses the spirit of modern man .	Sing
The first year in 1990 had as a special guest , actor Jon Voight and his daughter , a young starlet named Angelina Jolie .	Sing
The labor federation expelled the International Brotherhood of Teamsters on corruption charges on December 6 , 1957 .	Sing
Several smaller AFL-CIO unions either joined the ALA and were expelled from the AFL-CIO for dual unionism or disaffiliated and joined the ALA .	Sing
LIUNA rejoined the AFL-CIO in August 2010 .	Sing
Loggerhead Key is named after the loggerhead sea turtle , an endangered marine reptile and species of sea turtle with a cosmopolitan distribution throughout the world .	Sing
The flora of Loggerhead Key includes mangrove , coconut trees , geiger trees , morning glory , sea lavender and cactus .	Sing
Gildisch joined the Waffen-SS at the beginning of the war in 1939 .	Plur
Other related breeds include the Corriente and Texas Longhorn .	Sing
Kurzweil saw secular modernity ( including secular Zionism ) as representing a tragic , fundamental break from the premodern world .	Sing
Women who appear at hospitals for post-abortion treatment can not name their practitioner , who would be arrested if caught .	Sing
He first appeared in the 1997 film " The Postman " as Woody .	Sing
Acting credits include " Camelot " and " The Tudors " .	Sing
According to Manichaen tradition he spread Manichaeism eastward into Sogdiana during the time period when Mani was living .	Sing
Korver played Casey Whitehouse in " Legally Blonde " a 2003 TV Movie .	Sing
Korver played Rodger in " Dog Gone Love " in 2004 .	Sing
During the 1960s and 70s only around 11 breeders kept the British Lop going .	Sing
Apache warriors , over 200 strong , attacked Tubac sometime in early August 1861 and initiated a siege on one side of the presidio .	Sing
In 2009 , the site won Best Digital Publication at the same awards ceremony , where Doran won Live Review Writer of the Year .	Sing
Shortly afterwards , he was appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Ireland on November 27 , 1951 .	Sing
Approximately one mile southwest of the river 's mouth lies the Shallotte Inlet which connects the Intracostal Waterway to Long Bay of the Atlantic Ocean .	Sing
Attleboro District Court Judge Kenneth Nasif appointed Pardon to serve as guardian ad litem for the children that were previously removed from the group .	Sing
Following this , he robs a cigarette dispenser and stabs the beat cop who catches him .	Sing
The producer suggested Tomas Milian , who had appeared in numerous spaghetti westerns .	Sing
For the 2012 Formula One season , he joined Caterham F1 as a test driver alongside reserve driver Giedo van der Garde .	Sing
In 2014 , he drove the Caterham in the first practice session of the Canadian Grand Prix .	Sing
Rossi departed Caterham following the departure of Tony Fernandes and the entrance of new Swiss and Middle Eastern investors in July 2014 .	Sing
Following his departure from Caterham , Rossi joined Marussia F1 as reserve driver for the remainder of the 2014 season .	Sing
Rossi replaced Rahal after the latter was unable to get an adequate seat fitting to optimize his performance .	Sing
The win moved Rossi into second in the Drivers ' Championship standings , 46 points behind Scott Dixon .	Sing
He also ran a " # JB17 " decal on his visor honoring his former teammate Bianchi .	Sing
For the 2018 Indianapolis 500 , TAG Heuer tapped street artist Alec Monopoly to design Rossi 's helmet for the race .	Sing
This represents a cleansing and purification .	Sing
On 30 November 1917 , he destroyed one D.V over Rumilly , France at 1345 hours .	Sing
On 1 December , he was appointed an acting air commodore .	Sing
Mount Brighton offers 25 Trails and slopes to ride on .	Plur
XLR8 alpine Racing also calls Mt .	Sing
" Zonitoides nitidus " is the type species of the genus " Zonitoides " .	Sing
This definition excludes chiral polytopes .	Plur
He reached " jūryō " , the second-highest division , in January 2000 , at which point he changed his fighting name to Takamisakari .	Sing
Allen married NYU professor Jacob T. Schwartz in 1972 .	Sing
( A small portion of the park is actually in neighboring Saugus . )	Sing
He married Joanna Doane in 1774 .	Sing
Other founding members of the RN included Eduardo Sancho ( aka Fermán Cienfuegos ) , Lil Milagro Ramírez , Julia Rodríguez and Arsenio .	Sing
In September 1915 , he joined the armored cruiser USS " San Diego " , flagship for the Pacific Fleet .	Sing
After Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in December 1941 , the Navy appointed McCain as Commander , Aircraft , South Pacific in May 1942 .	Sing
In October 1942 , the Navy ordered McCain to Washington , D.C. , to head the Bureau of Aeronautics .	Sing
In April 1942 high-school student Harris Wofford Jr . , formed the Student Federalists .	Plur
Chevron hired experienced Formula 1 designer Tony Southgate to create the B48 ground effects car with Paul Owens , based on the 1978 B42 chassis .	Sing
Privateers included Derek Warwick in a Theodore March-Hart , Alberto Colombo in a March-BMW and Eje Elgh in Tiga 's March-BMW .	Sing
In February 6 , he signed a contract valid for the rest of 2017-18 season , with an extension option .	Sing
Surrey has never used Mitcham for a first-class match .	Sing
Other principal " pro bono " organisations in London include the Bar Pro Bono Unit , Lawworks and Citizens Advice .	Sing
Kershaw showed the Grand Champion Steer of All Breeds , Muskogee Boy at the International Livestock Exposition in Chicago in 1917 .	Sing
Kershaw purchased Plowman for $ 3,050 after he won his class at the 1917 International Livestock Exposition in Chicago , IL .	Sing
The coinage for the year featured the new effigy of Queen Elizabeth II .	Sing
As these lines did not appear very well , it was commonly termed the No Shoulder Strap by many collectors .	Sing
Each rosette of leaves supports an inflorescence on which are held 10 – 15 light purple flowers .	Sing
McBride became a protégé of I.W .	Sing
McBride went so far as to imply that Sadlowski was a communist : " I don 't really know whether he is or isn 't a Communist .	Sing
The Academy @ Shawnee offers additional Aerospace and flight courses .	Sing
The group includes " sea lilies " and " feather stars " .	Plur
This part of the structure alone had cost fifty thousand roubles to construct .	Plur
At the beginning of 1986 , " Hector " provided FRS to the Midway Battle Group in Yokosuka , Japan .	Plur
By 4 June 2007 the situation on the ground had reached a stalemate with the rate of violence on the rise .	Sing
These acquisitions proved transformative for the company .	Sing
In October 2017 , Carlisle acquired Accella Performance Materials , a premium specialty polyurethane company , and the largest acquisition in Carlisle 's history .	Plur
In October 2006 , " HD-kanalen " became SVT HD and started simulcasting programmes from the other SVT channels .	Sing
Due to the sightings , many believe the Devil to be an actual animal or phenomenon similar to Bigfoot and the Yeti .	Sing
The Playwrights ’ Center invites committed professional playwrights to apply for the Core Writer Program .	Plur
The state funded the PSERS ( Pennsylvania school employee pension fund ) with $ 1,017,000,000 and Social Security payments for school employees of $ 495 million .	Sing
York County is ranked 232nd of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income .	Sing
These included : Pension Obligations , Maintenance Selected Revenue sources , and Special Education Costs .	Plur
Having not missed a bout since his debut , in July 2010 he fought his 600th consecutive top-division match .	Sing
Burlington Street has four different statuses along the route .	Plur
At about 6 : 30 PM , the French captured the key strongpoint of La Haye Sainte farm .	Sing
In June 2014 , Flashover Recordings have announced their new sub-label titled ' Flashover Trance ' .	Sing
By February 5 , 1943 , troops of the Russian Voronezh Front were approaching Kharkov .	Sing
The tank regiment also had about ten German Panzer IV / F2 tanks and a few German Panzer III tanks in its heavy tank battalion .	Sing
Under Lakatos 's regime , acting Interior Minister Béla Horváth ordered Hungarian gendarmes to protect any Hungarian citizen from being deported .	Plur
Chalmers played lead sax on Mitchell 's instrumental , " Soul Serenade " .	Sing
Prince still performed under " Love Symbol # 2 " or " The Artist Formerly Known as Prince " at the time .	Sing
After the suspension of the championship the following year , Tynagh reached the county decider once again in 1922 .	Sing
After beating reigning champions Kilkenny at the penultimate stage , Galway now faced Limerick who were bidding for a third All-Ireland title in seven years .	Sing
As of October 2011 the Library has over 66,000 registered borrowers and a collection exceeding 107,000 items .	Plur
The antigen is expressed only by " P. falciparum " trophozoites .	Plur
The brigade left Falmouth in November 1806 in great secrecy , eventually reaching South America in the following year where they made an assault on Buenos Aires .	Sing
The Society also publishes a newsmagazine , " Georgia History Today " , for its members that focuses on popular subjects in promoting history around the state .	Sing
The pope decried the sacking of Constantinople but ordered the crusaders to consolidate their gains in the city for a year .	Sing
Jonathan researches Getz , learning that he is wanted for murdering Holloway .	Sing
He realizes that “ S ” is Wyatt ’ s accomplice – but his apartment suddenly explodes , witnessed by Wyatt from across the street .	Sing
In 2012 he reached " komusubi " twice more , in May and November , but scored only 4 – 11 in these tournaments too .	Sing
Example confirmed he was to have a track he wrote for The Wanted to be featured on their debut US album , " The Wanted " .	Sing
Example also wrote Friction featuring Arlissa 's single " Long Gone Memory " , which was released on 10 November 2013 .	Sing
Example cites the Prodigy , Faithless , Underworld and the Chemical Brothers as influences for the new album .	Sing
In 19 January 2018 Example released the single " The Answer " .	Sing
Eastern Suburbs 14 beat Glebe 10 at the Agricultural Ground .	Sing
Eastern Suburbs 19 beat Annandale 8 at the Agricultural Ground .	Sing
For the first of many times , Bennet lets the Haitian into his house to erase his wife 's suspicions .	Sing
At Primatech , Bennet confronts the Haitian about not erasing Claire 's memory .	Sing
Ted calms down and takes the binder .	Plur
Bennet prepares a tranquilizer , for if Ted is not subdued he will explode with nuclear force .	Sing
At Primatech , Bennet and Thompson discuss the Haitian , who has gone missing .	Sing
He approached Consolidated to license it for their large flying boats .	Sing
These included both Motor Rail " Simplex " and American Baldwin Locomotive Works products .	Sing
The 3rd chapel has a “ Crucifixion ” by Luca Cambiaso ; on the left , " Saint Francesco baptizes Moors " by G.B .	Sing
Jackson also proved the following generalisation of Theorem 1 :	Sing
The viewers crowned Jelena and Marko as the winners and they become full Housemates of " ' Veliki brat 2006 " .	Sing
Most researchers consider the Olmec heartland to be the home of the Olmec culture which became widespread over Mesoamerica from 1400 BCE until roughly 400 BCE .	Sing
Sandy Denny also began her second solo album " Sandy " there in March 1972 .	Sing
Poland left the Warsaw Pact in 1989 .	Sing
The video showed Zakk Wylde being driven around what appears to be New York City .	Sing
The Houston GLBT Political Caucus supported Whitmire , his opponent in the race .	Sing
Some of the Girl Peace Scouts joined the Voluntary Aid Detachments during World War I .	Plur
Bjelland also fronted the punk rock band Babes in Toyland between 1987 and 2001 .	Plur
Kat Bjelland and her then-husband Glenn Mattson formed Katastrophy Wife in 1998 , during the time in which Bjelland was still in Babes in Toyland .	Sing
On arriving at Giants training camp , Emlen Tunnell , their defensive backfield coach , gave Carl the nickname Spider .	Sing
In 2001 , she received the Tasmanian Athlete with a Disability of the Year award .	Sing
At the center of the first level , three large rectangular windows provided the postal workroom with day lighting .	Sing
On the first floor , the larger lobby surrounded the old postal workroom on three sides .	Sing
After they crash into one another , Jake saves Blake and the boys discuss their lives and great physical resemblance .	Sing
They also produce fowl , including geese , turkeys and ducks .	Sing
On the Wallingford golf course she wore bloomers , which shocked the locals , and on buggy rides to Wallingford station she carried a pistol .	Plur
In 2010 , " The Scotsman " touted Madden as " one of the hottest young acting talents in the business " .	Sing
He won Most Stylish Male at the Scottish Style Awards in October 2009 and was also named in " Esquire " s Hottest Stars for 2010 .	Plur
He wrote an eight-page " Natchez Political Handbook " outlining the local political structure and the right to demonstrate .	Sing
Develops a " Positive Learning Framework " based on Circle of Courage principles with strategies for developing environments where students can succeed ..	Sing
In 1895 , he started the New Bedford Whalers , acting as a manager , pitcher , and outfielder .	Plur
Distinctive characteristics of the fruit body include the sticky , pale yellow cap , and the abundant latex that stains the mushroom tissue lilac .	Sing
Additional collection locations in Mexico include Veracruz , Villarreal , and Tapia .	Sing
Normally a cream to pale ochraceous color , they will stain dull lilac to purple when bruised .	Sing
The gills have an adnate to decurrent attachment to the stem , close to subdistant , white at first then cream to pale ochre .	Sing
He placed riflemen in the Nogales Ravine , and a group of armed peasants in a maguey field opposite them , hidden from view .	Plur
Fine published " The Natural Ontological Attitude " in 1984 and a sequel , " And Not Antirealism Either " in the same year .	Sing
Habitats include cypress and hardwood forests as well as slash pine , longleaf pine and palmetto in Florida flatwoods .	Plur
Recreational opportunities in the preserve include off-road bicycling and horseback riding .	Sing
Geijer did his clerkship in Vemmenhögs , Ljunits and Herrestad 's hundred judicial district from 1933 to 1935 .	Sing
He demanded 100,000 manat in damages .	Sing
After leaving the site briefly , Nalbandov accosts Margulies again about what he sees as a reckless increase in production .	Sing
He lets Margulies continue , but with the stipulation that the concrete will be tested for quality later .	Plur
In 1978 her sister , Tina , left " Hôpital Auxilaire 1918 " to Helensburgh on the condition that a permanent place be found to exhibit it .	Sing
In 1971 , the Board of Health of Vermont issued a waiver to the GMRC for Vermont 's air pollution regulations .	Sing
The incident left veteran engineer Andy Barbera scalded and No .	Sing
Velma and company discover the missing RV and sonar equipment in Shadow Canyon and find that the sonar equipment is being used to scan the lake .	Sing
Blagrove married Nancy Pelham ; children included William Pelham ( b .	Sing
Gustavo Kuerten defeated Sargis Sargsian 6 – 4 , 6 – 3	Sing
During the season , Osburn had a five-game winning streak until August 18 .	Sing
On October 22 , 1974 , the Cincinnati Reds traded Osburn to the Milwaukee Brewers for John Vukovich .	Sing
Osburn engaged Valerie Iris Irene Boyd , daughter of Florida State Senator Wilbur H. Boyd .	Sing
Derulo , hearing the skid from the car , runs from the house and towards her to push her out of the way of the car .	Sing
Independently of Mermin and Wagner he proved in 1967 the impossibility of spontaneous symmetry breaking in one and two dimensions .	Sing
In collaboration with Richard Friedberg , he presented a new formulation of nonrelativistic quantum mechanics based on the consistent histories approach to the interpretation of quantum mechanics .	Sing
Instead , transactions are recorded in a public ledger called a blockchain .	Sing
Some of these groups , such as the Billboard Liberation Front Creative Group in San Francisco or Adbusters in Vancouver , Canada , have manifestos .	Plur
It features Robbie Shakespeare on bass guitar , Earl " Chinna " Smith on guitar and Horsemouth Wallace on drums .	Sing
The fungus receives soluble carbohydrates that are byproducts of the plant 's photosynthesis , while affording the plant greater access to soil nutrients needed for growth .	Plur
He gained his Military Pilot 's Brevet , No .	Sing
In the next innings , Grace scored a double-century .	Sing
In the year 1946 , the Soviet space program is undergoing turmoil .	Sing
Ronnie Thomas was crowned NASCAR Rookie of the Year in a tight battle with Roger Hamby .	Sing
Other participating fighters included Tomy Altmann from Germany , Nick Okoth and Artsiom Salomka from Belarus .	Sing
As they pass by the nursery , they meet Sandstorm and her daughters , Squirrelkit and Leafkit .	Sing
Ravenpaw congratulates Sandstorm , and Firestar appears .	Sing
Firestar must help ThunderClan before he can send anyone to save the farm .	Sing
Shortly afterwards , Firestar and Graystripe ask Barley for help in finding BloodClan 's home in the Twolegplace .	Sing
Barley tells Firestar about Snipe and that he doesn 't know much .	Sing
" Miniopterus brachytragos " is a small , brown " Miniopterus " ; its forearm length is .	Sing
" Miniopterus brachytragos " is a small , short-tailed " Miniopterus " with short and relatively thin fur .	Sing
The steel box had a chain-supported tailgate .	Sing
The design allowed the salesman to carry their products regardless of weather conditions .	Sing
As the company grew , it achieved profitability in 2009 .	Sing
The animal has a karyotype of 46 chromosomes , with a total of 50 major arms on the autosomes ( non-sex chromosomes ) .	Sing
In addition , the family has a butler named Fidel and Tete , a business partner of Juan Manuel ( who is in love with him ) .	Sing
Public organizations also saw Stolp as an ideal island to serve both sides of Aurora .	Sing
Young noted the hangings in the two outer rooms of the King and Queen 's suites where meals were served .	Plur
The foundation 's professional membership includes dermatologists , Mohs surgeons , plastic surgeons and other medical professionals working to fight skin cancer .	Plur
During his career , which spanned from 1966 to 1975 , Marcano won the WBA and lineal super featherweight titles .	Sing
The city has the following govt owned or aided colleges running affiliated to Chaudhary Charan Singh University .	Sing
In both languages the surname denotes " baker " .	Sing
In 1813 the wardens of King 's Chapel sued Pelham and recovered the estate from him . "	Sing
Lil Wayne ’ s manager Cortez Bryant told SPIN that " I Am Not a Human Being " would actually be a full-length album .	Sing
Predominating plants include the Moriche Palm and the tree " Caraipa llanorum " .	Sing
The area has a canyon , formed by the surrounding rivers , but it is hard to access .	Sing
Notable birds include : oilbird , endangered northern helmeted curassow and flame-winged parakeet , a species endemic to the region .	Sing
" Miniopterus mahafaliensis " is a small , brown " Miniopterus " ; its forearm length is 35 to 40 mm ( 1.4 to 1.6 in ) .	Sing
" Miniopterus mahafaliensis " is a small , short-tailed " Miniopterus " with long and dense fur .	Sing
He tore his bicep on November 3 , 2014 , ending his season .	Sing
In week 14 against the Los Angeles Rams , Amukamara intercepted Jared Goff which sealed a 15-6 Bears win .	Sing
Amukamara married Pilar Davis in 2014 .	Sing
An engraving taken from a portrait of Hart , sketched by Cahill , forms the frontispiece to the first volume of the ‘ Irish Law Recorder . ’	Sing
This book won Madan Puraskar , a famous award for Nepali literature , on 2024 BS .	Sing
An iterative procedure computes the optimal regularization Lambda parameter that minimizes the generalized cross-validation ( GCV ) error .	Sing
Each has a time-varying , real-valued ( more than just zero or one ) activation ( output ) .	Sing
The atmosphere is lighter , also away from the camera , " Hedebrant told " Aftenposten " .	Sing
As well , the municipality provides policing , fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district , with a reeve as its administrator .	Sing
Democratic committee members from the district selected Annette Quijano to fill Cohen 's vacancy .	Sing
The Union County Democrats selected Roselle Mayor Jamel Holley as his replacement on January 21 , 2015 .	Sing
" Montcalm " had a complete wrought iron waterline belt , approximately high .	Sing
Levine specifically applauded Pallot and Chatterly for " coming up with probably the " Kyliest " Kylie lyric ever " .	Sing
Minogue opened Capital FM 's Jingle Bell Ball on 6 December 2010 , adding " Better than Today " to her set list .	Sing
She wore a sheer , white floor-length gown with the same silver heels .	Sing
He co-edited the first Norwegian music encyclopedia in 1949 , and edited the magazine " Norsk Musikkliv " from 1942 to 1951 .	Sing
Together with Øyvind Anker he also co-edited the first Norwegian music encyclopedia , titled " Musikkleksikon " and published in 1949 .	Sing
In 2005 he donated 80,000 ( AU $ ) for a computer laboratory for undergraduate students .	Sing
Teams in " italics " hosted the mini-tournament .	Sing
Teams in " italics " hosted the mini-tournament .	Sing
Perugino , who probably was not at ease with the small format of the work , received 100 ducats for the work .	Plur
( formerly Kaufman & Broad ) , and the TCW Group .	Sing
Lindemans and de Ness crossed the frontline near Valkenswaard through a hail of shells .	Sing
In April 1946 , Lindemans ' wife visited the Soviet Embassy in Rotterdam , at least on three occasions .	Sing
Hendrik ( Henk ) Lindemans witnessed the exhumation of his brother 's body , states that he was convinced that the remains were those of his brother .	Sing
The film 's opening credits also include ' Sun Tan Lo Tion ' ( sun tan lotion ) as ' Technical Director ' .	Sing
The national team had been nicknamed " the Socceroos " by journalist Tony Horstead on a 1967 tour to South Vietnam .	Plur
In 1977 , he added bingo and renamed the property as the Bingo Palace .	Sing
In 1956 , she embarked VIPs for ASW demonstrations out of Key West and , in 1957 , underwent overhaul at the Norfolk Navy Yard .	Sing
In his 11 years , Winkles coached ASU to its first three national titles ( 1965 , 1967 and 1969 ) .	Sing
By 1959 , the theatre saw another reincarnation , this time as a repertory theatre .	Sing
In 2006 Boteach hosted the television series " Shalom in the Home " .	Sing
Jackson and Boteach had a falling-out in 2002 .	Sing
The Amantea-Cirò line is generally considered an approximate demarcation between the Neapolitan and Sicilian language groups .	Sing
It comprises Central Calabrian and Southern Calabrian .	Sing
The depression suppressed the profitability of the line and the extension to Liverpool did not proceed .	Sing
The end brick gables feature a louvre within a round brisk window frames in salmon coloured voussoir shaped bricks with four cement keystones .	Sing
Vertical timber boards form valances at each end of awning .	Plur
The original window openings feature a moulded cement sill with a scalloped fringe .	Sing
One of the more powerful and simple approaches is using the Flack parameter , because this single parameter clearly indicates the absolute structure .	Sing
Linking the appropriateness of each subsequent answer to the logically absurd structure of the preceding joke , the overall absurdity of a series can continuously compound .	Sing
The leaves have a glossy , waxy appearance and smell of camphor when crushed .	Sing
Camphor laurel invades rainforests and pastures , and also competes against eucalyptus trees , certain species of which are the sole food source of koalas .	Plur
She practices vegetarianism and was listed as " India 's hottest vegetarian " in polls conducted by PETA in 2011 and 2012 .	Sing
In 2018 , " The Economic Times " considered Vidya to be one of the most prominent celebrity brand ambassadors in India .	Sing
Cyrus , with Harpagus at his side , defeated Croesus and conquered Lydia in or after 547 BCE .	Sing
To improve her English , she attended talkies ; she also learned new words and how to say them by reading voraciously .	Plur
On June 20 , 2011 , KAZT added MeTV to digital subchannel 7.3 .	Sing
Instead of vicariously enjoying the sex and injury , the viewer finds himself a disimpassioned voyeur .	Sing
Each summer , Fordham Prep sponsors Service Immersion Trips .	Plur
This species is sometimes also called the scad mackerel .	Sing
Luckily their bus-driver always keeps an Uzi on the bus " for sentimental reasons " .	Sing
Each variant requires a separate 128-bit round key for each round plus one more .	Sing
In contrast , chimpanzees use an extended wrist posture .	Sing
WXYZ-FM hired at least one local jock for this format - Arthur Penhallow .	Sing
Other ABC stations with a similar sound included WPLJ in New York and WDVE in Pittsburgh .	Sing
Craig responded immediately , accepting the essay for his international theater magazine , " The Mask " .	Sing
Most CSX railroad lines are given lettered prefixes before milepost numbers .	Plur
It starred Bernard Cribbins and was scripted by Leslie Thomas .	Sing
She then founded Creating Organ Donation Awareness ( CODA ) , a non-profit organization to raise money for the cause .	Sing
They recommended Virgil Donati , who completed the track during a four-hour session .	Sing
Brody and Smith left Dungeon in 1996 shortly after the demo appeared and were replaced by ex-Maximum Carnage members Wayne Harris and Justin Sayers .	Sing
In April , Dungeon supported Nightwish and then Angra before a national tour with Megadeth .	Sing
Poker player Annie Duke won the Second Annual World Series of Rock Paper Scissors .	Plur
Finally , structures on rivers like dams isolate subpopulations from each other , discouraging faster population regeneration .	Plur
In 1984 , Eubanks joined Symantec and from 1984 to 1986 he helped develop Q & A , an integrated database and wordprocessor with natural language query .	Sing
On May 29 , 2011 , Erick married fellow poker player Erica Schoenberg .	Sing
In addition to matzo , Manischewitz-labeled foods include cookies , pasta , and soups .	Plur
She won Miss Teen McAlester , Oklahoma , at age 15 , and as a teenager moved to Corsicana , Texas .	Sing
He defeated Greenstein in heads-up play to win the bracelet and $ 126,363 .	Sing
Nery assisted the DIP as a social director and public relations officer .	Sing
" Berjalan ke Barat di Waktu Pagi Hari	Sing
Berjalan ke Barat di Waktu Pagi Hari	Sing
During a holiday at Notre Dame called Quasimodo Sunday , he rescues a deformed hunchback child whom he finds abandoned on the cathedral 's foundlings bed .	Sing
Frollo even ignores Quasimodo when he sees him being publicly humiliated for the crime .	Sing
The hooded figure drags Esmeralda to a nearby gallows and identifies himself as Frollo by removing his hood .	Sing
Frollo issues Esmeralda his final ultimatum : either she must accept his lust , or he shall hand her over to the authorities .	Sing
Esmeralda ridicules Frollo , who immediately orders her arrested , just before she claims sanctuary within Notre Dame .	Sing
Frollo sentences Phoebus to death for insubordination .	Sing
Quasimodo accompanies Phoebus to the Court to warn Esmeralda , and Frollo and his men follow them and arrest the Gypsies .	Sing
Frollo sentences Esmeralda to death , but offers to spare her life if she becomes his lover .	Sing
Phoebus releases the Gypsies and rallies the citizens of Paris against Frollo and his men , who try to break into the cathedral .	Plur
Frollo pursues Quasimodo and Esmeralda to the ledge of the cathedral , and taunts Quasimodo with the truth about his mother .	Sing
He then sees the gargoyle 's face transform into that of the Devil himself .	Sing
Three-level stacks may use an overpass and underpass at a single point .	Sing
Depending on the number of ramps used , they take up a moderate to large amount of land and are typically inexpensive to build .	Sing
" From infinite or fullness , we can get only fullness or infinite " .	Plur
The United States and other countries have diversified their nuclear arsenals through the nuclear triad in order to better ensure second-strike capability .	Plur
In 2009 Bachmann Branchline announced a ready-to-run ' 00 ' scale model of the Class 8K , marketing it under the LNER class name of O4 .	Sing
In October 2012 RailSimulator.com released a pay-ware add-on of the GCR 8K , again marketed under its LNER O4 classification , for Train Simulator 2013 .	Sing
He joined the Mumbai Police Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad on 29 December 1992 and was handled by Ganesh Andale and V G Rajput .	Sing
As petcoke has a higher energy content , petcoke emits between 30 and 80 percent more CO than coal per unit of weight .	Plur
Petroleum coke can contain vanadium , a toxic metal .	Sing
It does not have any observable carcinogenic , developmental , or reproductive effects .	Sing
IKVM uses OpenJDK as its class library .	Sing
Fay held two Argentine railway directorships - the Buenos Aires Great Southern and Buenos Aires Western Railway Companies .	Plur
Tigranes also possessed several thousand cataphracts , formidable heavily armoured cavalry that were clad in mail armour and armed with lances , spears or bows .	Plur
Being meta-circular , Jikes RVM requires a bootstrapping JVM to run upon to create a boot image .	Sing
Jikes RVM supports PowerPC ( or ppc ) and IA-32 ( or Intel x86 , 32-bit ) instruction set processor architectures .	Sing
Michael Wilson married Zelma Gussin in 1941 ; the couple had two daughters .	Sing
Adapted spellings used in other languages include Shultz , Šulc and Szulc .	Sing
Trains running north-west serve Manchester Piccadilly and some continue to Manchester Oxford Road and beyond to Liverpool , , Blackpool , Wigan , and .	Sing
Hardiman appeared as Hawthorne in the episode of " Doctor Who " , " The Beast Below " , on 10 April 2010 .	Sing
In 1957 , Hammer Films ' " The Curse of Frankenstein " set off a spate of midnight presentations .	Sing
Built for the London & North Eastern Railway in 1937 , this locomotive was originally numbered 4496 and named " Golden Shuttle " .	Sing
4 June 1950 saw " Dwight D. Eisenhower " reallocated back to Top Shed .	Sing
The sting of a queen honey bee has no barbs , however , and does not autotomize .	Plur
Now in BR green " Bittern " hauled the " Talisman " from King 's Cross to Edinburgh .	Sing
The booster adapter provides the load-carrying interface with the vehicle ( payload and spacecraft bus together ) .	Sing
" Dominion of Canada " regained her LNER garter blue with extra red / white lining on 20 November 1947 .	Sing
" Dominion of Canada " had her side valances removed on 21 February 1942 .	Plur
Stancer 's words influenced the NCU and it banned Stallard before the race had started .	Sing
That led the UCI to recognise at least the existence of the BLRC .	Sing
Bligh 's account of the mutiny vilified Fryer , but Fryer gave fair evidence at Bligh 's court-martial .	Sing
The court ordered that DNA mapping of Tiwari be done , which the court successfully compelled compliance with on 29 May 2012 .	Sing
The NCU defined amateurism in English races and banned the American sprinter , Arthur Augustus Zimmerman when he appeared to be sponsored by the Raleigh Bicycle Company .	Sing
The NCU had entrusted its wartime administration to an emergency committee which did not have power to change major rules .	Sing
He became Sweden 's ( and Finland 's ) largest landowner ever .	Sing
In February 2009 Hux Records reissued " Kip of the Serenes " as a Collectors ' Edition with four bonus tracks .	Sing
The Act establishes four Schedules of drugs .	Plur
The ersatz Bolivian – accented Jiménez asks the ersatz Indian-accented Yogi : " Why do you talk so funny ? "	Sing
In addition , he played Wendell Balaban on " Too Close for Comfort " , as well as Howie Mandel 's father on the series " St .	Sing
He subsequently joined the NF and swiftly rose to the leadership .	Sing
The wars drove many Yaquis north from Mexico and into Arizona .	Sing
This status makes the Yaqui eligible for specific services due to trust responsibility that the United States offers Native American peoples who have suffered land loss .	Sing
Liberals split , with many top leaders following Lord Rosebery in support of the war .	Sing
In Canada , the Irish Catholics were fighting the French-Canadians for control of the Catholic Church , so the Irish generally supported the pro-British position .	Plur
Tottenham 's line-up does not include Argentinians Ricardo Villa and Ossie Ardiles , who have withdrawn from first-team action owing to the Falklands War .	Sing
Aston Villa beat Bayern Munich 1 – 0 in the 1982 European Cup Final .	Sing
A blue and yellow biplane named Stearman visits an airshow .	Sing
Later , Lenk fired König and Feldmann , replacing the latter with bassist John ABC Smith ( born Dario Trobok ) ( ex-Scanner , ex-Gallows Pole ) .	Sing
The team 's coordinator , Naif al-Sheikh closed the Factory and offered housing for Dawn , which she refused .	Sing
Famous people from Clynnog include Morus Clynnog and Saint John Jones , both prominent Welsh Catholics in the 16th century .	Sing
He discovered two asteroids , which he named :	Plur
" One Last Dance " starred both Swayze and Niemi , who also jointly produced , alongside George de la Peña in a major role .	Sing
He also turned out for Lincoln City ( twice ) , Merthyr Town , Chesterfield and Rochdale .	Sing
It covered a swathe of territory across the centre of Staffordshire , stretching from Lichfield and Rugeley in the south to Stone in the north .	Sing
The Bangladesh national under-19 cricket team have been playing official Under-19 ODI matches since 1997 including competing in the last five World Cups .	Sing
A few days before they were to report , however , the women received telegrams abruptly canceling the Pensacola testing .	Plur
The staggerwing design pays compliment to the classic Beechcraft 17 Staggerwing .	Sing
In October 2012 , Griffon was awarded a multimillion-dollar subcontract from Northrop Grumman to build a sub-scale tank for a NASA risk reduction program .	Sing
He was appointed adjutant of his regiment on 12 February 1886 .	Sing
He attended Staff College , Camberley in 1897 .	Sing
In 1890 he married Caroline Helen Sweet ; they had one son .	Sing
Ireland recently won the 2009 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup Qualifier which was held in Canada .	Sing
Williams was selected 82nd overall by the Detroit Lions .	Sing
It uses cyclic redundancy check ( CRC ) or message digest algorithms ( RFC1321 ) for integrity , and it uses RC4 for encryption .	Sing
Microsoft adopted Kerberos as the preferred authentication protocol for Windows 2000 and subsequent Active Directory domains .	Sing
Negotiate selects Kerberos unless it cannot be used by one of the systems involved in the authentication .	Sing
Starting with Windows NT 4.0 Service Pack 4 , the SSP would negotiate NTLMv2 Session whenever both client and server would support it .	Sing
It was where Thomas Vaughan found the term anthroposophy , later adopted by Rudolf Steiner to describe his belief system .	Sing
In 1980 , Thomson Newspapers bought F.P .	Sing
Following Hitler 's suicide , Hewel escaped the " Führerbunker " in a group led by SS- " Brigadeführer " Wilhelm Mohnke .	Sing
The Senior Boys soccer team won the provincials in 2006.The Senior Girls soccer team won the provincials in 2012 .	Plur
The rise of fascism in Europe , urged Stalin to call for a Popular Front of Communists and non-Communists against the extreme right wing .	Sing
The daughter of a former shopkeeper turned shipping magnate , Luveni comes from the village of Nukuni on the island of Ono-i-Lau , in the Lau archipelago .	Sing
The reactor uses heavy water ( deuterium ) as a moderator and coolant .	Sing
Major urban centers include Dhamar , Hajjah , and the Yemeni capital of Sanaa .	Sing
Major urban centers include Ibb and Ta 'izz .	Sing
The beer was renamed Foreign Extra Stout from around 1849 onwards .	Sing
Total production had reached 105,000 hogsheads by 1912 .	Plur
It uses the bitter Galena , Nugget and Target hop varieties which have undergone an isomerized kettle extract process .	Sing
Some Nigerian versions also contain wheat .	Sing
The United States Postal Service issued a turquoise 1 ¼ -cent stamp on June 17 , 1960 featuring an image of the Palace .	Sing
The following year , Crampton portrayed Chrissie in " Fraternity Vacation " , Megan Halsey in " Re-Animator " , and Stacy in " Hotel " .	Sing
On January 27 , 1886 , Carter married Ellen Lillian Galen at the cathedral in St. Paul , Minnesota .	Sing
At this time , it was renamed " The Daily Gamecock " and became the first student paper in South Carolina to publish daily .	Sing
In October 2007 , the " Gamecock " won the Sun Newspaper of the Year Award and ten other awards at the 2007 Southern University Newspaper Conference .	Sing
Inside , Douglas finds a mummy in a sarcophagus .	Sing
Each week featured a different hostess serving as " dice girl " , including Kelly Grant , Denise DiRenzo , and Teresa Ganzel .	Sing
All flavors apply only to the hard candy surrounding the core ; the soft core is always chocolate Tootsie Roll material .	Sing
" , rather than " How many licks does it take to get to the Tootsie Roll center of a Tootsie Pop ?	Plur
One convenience store in Iowa City , Iowa , for example , gave candy away when the children asked .	Sing
In standard notation , the guitar sounds one octave lower than it is written .	Sing
In the same year he met the sculptress , Ophelia Gordon Bell , who in 1940 became his wife .	Sing
He calls some buddies , and they form a lynch mob with Sunny 's assistance and storm Hendricks ' house and kidnap him .	Plur
Roth and the group then take Hendricks to a wooded area and beat and hang him from a tree .	Plur
Howdy also kidnaps Sunny before contacting Mike at the police station to let him know that he has returned .	Plur
Howdy has Genevieve and her mouth is stitched shut again , and he proceeds to torture Genevieve while Mike and Toni watch the screen .	Sing
Howdy quickly retorts that " SHE didn 't do a thing !	Plur
Unfortunately , the Great Machine also broadcast an emergency beacon that was detected by the expunged faction , who traced the signal back to its location .	Sing
Constrained by the 1890 act , the Mint only hired Saint-Gaudens to redesign the cent and the four gold pieces .	Plur
In 1909 , Mint Director Frank Leach instructed Barber to make pattern coins for new nickels .	Sing
When secondary hyperparathyroidism is not corrected and the parathyroid glands remain hyperfunctioning , it becomes tertiary hyperparathyroidism .	Sing
Glutamate transporters also transport aspartate and are present in virtually all peripheral tissues , including the heart , liver , testes , and bone .	Sing
They exhibit stereoselectivity for L-glutamate but transport both L-aspartate and D-aspartate .	Sing
These transporters pack the neurotransmitter into synaptic vesicles so that they can be released into the synapse .	Sing
VGLUTs have only between one hundredth and one thousandth the affinity for glutamate that EAATs have .	Sing
Let σ = { + , × , − , 0 , 1 } be again the standard signature for fields .	Sing
They eventually left Canaan ( Word ) and signed with Riversong ( Benson ) .	Sing
The group also consequently got first place program " Inkigayo " from the SBS .	Sing
Miss A released their extended play " Colors " on March 30 , 2015 .	Plur
While Altria Pendragon is the most used , Nasu has also used Artoria Pendragon .	Sing
Alfred Heaton Cooper ( 1863 – 1929 ) was an English watercolour artist .	Sing
It featured Sir Rowan Atkinson as Peter Piper / Spider-Plant Man and Rachel Stevens as his love-interest Jane-Mary .	Sing
He no longer has the Batmobile , owning only a dilapidated " Bat-Clio " .	Sing
Restaurant critic Jay Rayner visited Le Manoir for the first time in 2013 .	Sing
The winner is awarded a miniature of the statue of Oscar Mathisen created by the sculptor Arne Durban .	Sing
Susan Williams-Ellis ' early Portmeirion designs included Malachite ( 1960 ) , Moss Agate ( 1961 ) and Talisman ( 1962 ) .	Sing
In 1963 , she created the popular design Totem , an abstract pattern based on primitive forms coupled with a cylindrical shape .	Sing
In the video , Kelis enters a diner called Tasty 's Yard .	Sing
A milkshake machine then starts spurting milkshake all over the customers , and more and more people enter the " yard " .	Sing
Several newspapers reported the scorn of the South Korean public and newspaper editors on the actions of the skating federation .	Sing
Bruiser brought McLane in to work in the office of Bruiser 's Indianapolis-based wrestling promotion World Wrestling Association ( WWA ) .	Sing
McLane and his business partner , Jeanie Buss re-packaged WOW !	Sing
Batman sees this happening and is unable to stop Lock-Up .	Sing
Then he uses a smokescreen to kidnap Mayor Hill , whom he calls a " mindless bureaucrat , " right under Batman and the police 's noses .	Sing
Nevertheless , the Roman Rite kept many more vigils than other Latin liturgical rites such as the Ambrosian Rite and the Mozarabic Rite .	Plur
This was followed by their second release " The Files You Have on Me " .	Plur
They have a jerky , skipping form of flight and they perch horizontally on twigs near the water edge .	Sing
In February 2007 , Idigicon released Platypus II , developed by Citric Games without the involvement of the original developer .	Sing
Chung and Roh Moo-hyun objected such self-destroying regionalism in South Korea , and advocated reconciliation between Jeolla and Gyeongsang provinces .	Sing
Each school offers a full-day of enriched and accelerated educational experiences in the four major content areas .	Sing
The flower clusters have no great white involucre as have those of the flowering dogwood , and the fruit is dark purple instead of red .	Sing
She became an " ultra " , advocating not only the abolition of slavery , but also full civil equality for blacks .	Sing
Kelley influenced future suffragists such as Susan B. Anthony and Lucy Stone by encouraging them to take on a role in political activism .	Plur
Nearby towns include Campobasso to the northwest and Vinchiaturo to the southwest .	Sing
Two educators , Reverend Samuel Loomis and his wife , sent Holley to Brainerd Institute and then Revere Lay College ( Massachusetts ) .	Sing
When attending Revere Lay , Holley got to know one of the school 's trustees , New England businessman Rowland Hazard .	Sing
Even after his return , Anthony 's future at Bristol Rovers looked slim , as he was not offered a new contract by the club .	Sing
Warren Buffett met Thorp the first time in 1968 .	Sing
Margaret Schlegel befriends the Wilcox matriarch , Ruth .	Sing
Her best-known titles include " The Mitten " , " The Hat " , and " Gingerbread Baby " .	Sing
Every program can manage freely one or more logical palettes without further expected interference ( in advance ) .	Plur
The United States operates the Popeye under a different designation according to US naming conventions as the AGM-142 Have Nap .	Sing
In 2007 , he appeared in BBC Three comedy Thieves Like Us .	Plur
The tower has a carillon a gift of the Belgian American Educational Foundation to Stanford .	Sing
Forward married Alberta Fairbanks July 29 , 1901 and they had one daughter , Flora .	Plur
In 1966 he began his discipleship with Swami Nikhilananda of the Ramakrishna Mission , who headed the Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Center of New York .	Sing
Hixon studied Zen koans with Tetsugen Bernard Glassman , and Glassman posthumously ordained him as a Zen sensei .	Plur
Apart from running its own network , Welt also provided ProSieben and Kabel 1 with newscasts .	Sing
This combined with the market crisis after the end of the dotcom bubble and 9 / 11 , caused ProSiebenSat.1 to cut costs .	Sing
When she finds out their plans , she warns Nonna Bartoli , with Dardo and his men hiding around the corner .	Sing
Ramayana holds Bharata as a symbol of dharma and idealism .	Sing
According to a dramatized version of the events by the poet Kalidasa , the king Dushyanta married Shakuntala on his hunting expeditions in forests .	Sing
The Nazis send Corrie and her sister , Betsie , to the Ravensbrück concentration camp in Germany for hiding Jews in their home .	Sing
At the concentration camp , Betsie encourages Corrie to remain hopeful that God will rescue them from the brutalities they experience .	Sing
Rank insignia have the executive curl only for officers who graduated from the naval academy , other officers have no curl at all .	Sing
Carter did address Brandeis in January 2007 , but only Brandeis students and staff were allowed to attend .	Sing
Hartman had a six-episode recurring role as Holly Fischer in the first season of " The O.C .	Sing
Perchance shall dry your pities ; but I have	Plur
For five months in 1943 he drew a minor superhero , Captain Triumph , for Quality Comics ' " Crack Comics " .	Sing
In 2006 Hyperlite founder Herb O 'Brien left H.O .	Sing
In May 2016 " Journal of Peptide Science " , edited by Luis Moroder , published a Festschrift in celebration of his 70th birthday .	Sing
The United States Navy acquired Fort Severn and two other military bases from the United States Army on 19 October 1845 .	Sing
The War Department constructed Fort Severn in 1808 on in Annapolis , Maryland .	Sing
The Navy turned Fort Severn into a classroom building at United States Naval Academy for young naval recruits and midshipmen .	Sing
Eventually , Achilles stabs Memnon through the heart , causing his entire army to flee in terror .	Sing
According to Hesiod Eos bore to Tithonus bronzed armed Memnon , the King of the Ethiopians and lordly Emathion .	Sing
They took Patras and Pondikos by assault , and Andravida opened its gates .	Sing
Geoffrey received Kalamata and Messenia as a fief from the new prince .	Sing
William I appointed Geoffrey to administer the principality as bailiff until the prince ’ s nephew , Hugh should arrive .	Sing
The emperor confirmed Geoffrey as prince of Achaea and made him immediate imperial vassal .	Sing
Then the patriarch sent out a legate who laid a new interdict upon the Principality of Achaea .	Sing
In June 1814 , William Clark built Fort Shelby at Prairie du Chien .	Sing
Pennsylvania 11th grade students no longer take the PSSA .	Sing
Honors courses have an additional weighting of 0.5 extra quality points , while AP courses have an additional 1.0 extra quality point .	Sing
Rushing water swept through 30 of Veracruz 's 212 municipalities , completely submerging more than 5,000 homes .	Sing
In the final judging , the judges selected Linkletter over the runner-up Nik Pace .	Sing
Subsequently he married Guðrún Þórsdóttir ( 1961- ) .	Sing
On 9 June 1968 , Toni joined S.L .	Sing
Sharp also developed the " Sharp-Hughes Rock Bit " to drill through hard rock .	Sing
Sharp married Estelle Houghton on 28 January 1897 .	Sing
Since 2007 , Eurographics and ACM SIGGRAPH have co-sponsored the Sketch-Based Interfaces and Modeling Symposium which in 2011 became a part of the Expressive Graphics Symposium	Plur
Their native culture has significant Norse and English influences .	Sing
Manx people have traditionally had three vernaculars :	Plur
This includes the " Tro Breizh " , which takes place in the shrines of the seven founding saints of Breton Christianity .	Sing
Some pagan customs from the old pre-Christian tradition remain the folklore of Brittany .	Sing
Traditional instruments include the bombard ( similar to an oboe ) and two types of bagpipes ( " veuze " and " binioù kozh " ) .	Sing
In 1937 , the company that revolutionized corsetry revolutionized the brassiere by assigning letters to various cup sizes .	Sing
In 1960 , Warner Brothers Company purchased major American shirt manufacturer C.F .	Sing
Warnaco provides private label swimsuits for Victoria 's Secret .	Plur
The Men 's Indoor Track team claimed the 1-A / 2-A / 3-A State Championship in 2009 .	Sing
The " Wasp " fired a final raking broadside which delivered the " Coup de grâce " .	Sing
Once there , the attack transport embarked internees from camps in North China and sailed from that port for the Shantung peninsula and South China .	Plur
" Walton " stood by while " Geneva " embarked former civilian internees at Tsingtao , and she accompanied the transport on a voyage to Hong Kong .	Plur
During that time , " Walton " won the Battle Efficiency " E " for Reserve CortRon 1 in 1959 and 1960 .	Sing
The most common chemical equilibrium systems involve reactants and products in the same phase - either all gases or all solutions .	Plur
On 15 April 1968 , gained a second B-52 and a second KC-135 squadron , again becoming a SAC " super " wing .	Sing
In July 2009 , Hare joined Jagex ( makers of browser-based MMORPG RuneScape and casual gaming website FunOrb ) as their Head of Publishing .	Sing
He was nicknamed the " High Plains Drifter " .	Sing
Other features include “ The Digital Dorm ” , which features thousands of DVD reviews , DVD release dates and latest digital news items .	Sing
It may have meant " buzzard " also .	Sing
In 1611 , Galileo visited the Collegium Romanum in Rome , where the Jesuit astronomers by that time had repeated his observations .	Sing
In 1582 he was appointed gentleman pensioner to the queen , and in 1583 High Sheriff of Carlow .	Sing
Wittgenstein rejects the disjunction of features or ' properties ' , i.e .	Sing
While initially special SL versions were required for SMM , Intel incorporated SMM in its mainline 486 and Pentium processors in 1993 .	Sing
AMD implemented Intel 's SMM with the Am386 processors in 1991 .	Sing
Recovering the SMI handler code to analyze it for bugs , vulnerabilities and secrets requires a logic analyzer or disassembly of the system firmware .	Sing
His sons Imanol and Jordi Landeta are also actors and singers .	Sing
Hunting and fishing parties of the Ainu have long visited Matua , but the island had no permanent habitation at the time of European contact .	Sing
Japan formerly administered Matua as part of Shimushiru District of Nemuro Subprefecture of Hokkaidō .	Sing
Demographic trends saw Victorian and South Australians ( states where the code is extremely popular ) migrating interstate in large numbers to Queensland .	Sing
This allows typists to enter text without having to learn a new layout .	Plur
World 's End Girlfriend 's music has been featured in the Go Shibata directed film " Late Bloomer " ( 2004 ) .	Sing
They may experience dystonia of the head and neck , resulting in repetitive movements and contortions .	Sing
Affected individuals may also experience ataxia , the lack of coordination of muscle movements .	Sing
It diverged from common ancestor IJ * about 43,000 years B.P .	Sing
Fasting requires the abstinence from food , drink .	Sing
Among his other films for LVN include " Parola " , starring Jaime de la Rosa and Norma Blancaflor .	Sing
1951 -Nasaan ka , Giliw [ Lvn ] ( dir ) aka Love , Where are you ?	Sing
Qu 'ainsi depuis Adam le ventre nous oblige	Sing
This book opposed aggressive unionization and supported economic planning to raise general quality of life .	Sing
The station pulled the programing on August 9 , 2018 and replaced it with religious programming .	Sing
Earliest archeological findings give modern historians a good guess that the first Fijian natives settled on the islands as early as 3500 BC .	Sing
As KPXN 's broadcast radius does not adequately cover Barstow , KILM changed its city of license to Inglewood .	Sing
He was later appointed the first abbot of Vauclair Abbey in the diocese of Laon and in 1144 returned to Yorkshire to assume the abbacy at Fountains .	Sing
The addition of the new station extends Liberman 's " Que Buena " brand into Riverside and San Bernardino counties .	Sing
The addition of the new station extends Liberman 's " Que Buena " brand into Riverside and San Bernardino counties .	Sing
With 53 goals and 131 points in 1988-89 , Sillinger led the Pats in scoring for the first of three consecutive seasons .	Plur
During Sillinger 's NHL career , the family spent the off-seasons in Regina , and have chosen to remain in Regina following Sillinger 's retirement .	Plur
In March 2017 the operating company announced the sign-up of subcontractors for the project .	Sing
Romuald then took Taranto and Brindisi , much limiting the Imperial influence in the region .	Sing
In 1769 , James Bruce purchased the codex in Upper Egypt .	Sing
Its members include Christian democratic , liberal conservative , and conservative political parties .	Sing
During his retirement years Kennedy enthusiastically pursued his many hobbies of model railroads , woodworking , travel , photography , painting and writing .	Plur
The 1960s saw a frenzy of demolition and apartment construction in old Alameda .	Sing
The community once had Walnut Shade Schoolhouse , now defunct .	Sing
Both monoicous and dioicous gametophytes produce gametes in gametangia by mitosis rather than meiosis , so that sperm and eggs are genetically identical with their parent gametophyte .	Plur
Bryophytes have the most elaborate gametophytes of all living land plants , and thus have a wide variety of gametangium positions and developmental patterns .	Plur
Ed Greenwood created Talos for his home " Dungeons & Dragons " game , set in Greenwood 's Forgotten Realms world .	Sing
He leads the other Deities of Fury : Auril , Malar , and Umberlee .	Plur
The community once contained the Carr Lane Schoolhouse .	Sing
She married Sir Man-kam Lo , a prominent Eurasian lawyer and legislator who was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II after World War II .	Sing
It houses Kota Iskandar , the administrative centre for the government of Johor State .	Sing
Also beginning in 1993 , packs of fluorescent crayons were regularly labeled " neon " or " neons " .	Sing
In 1997 , Crayola released Crayons with Glitter as part of a Special Effects crayons package .	Sing
By investigating flocculation , a type of self-adherence generally present in asexual aggregations , Smukalla " et al . "	Sing
Yee became a screenwriter and film director .	Sing
The affected " smaller " libraries consist Burnt Ash , Hayes , Mottingham , Shortlands , Southborough and St Paul 's Cray under these new plans .	Sing
Born in Vidin , Georgiev joined Botev Plovdiv at academy level in 2013 .	Sing
The play had 98 reprises .	Plur
Frazier takes Becker into custody .	Sing
One week later , Toukley met Erina in the First Grade major semi-final .	Sing
Toukley then met Woy Woy in the preliminary final .	Sing
Avenging the deaths of his men Jaqi and Xander , Perkins kills Moreno .	Sing
The race included five stages + Prologue , starting in Banská Bystrica on 7 June and returning there for the finish on 12 June in Piešťany .	Sing
After that she studied midwifery and then trained as a district nurse .	Sing
The county 's most successful club made the straight bounce back up from the middle after being relegated for the first time in their history in 2014 .	Sing
Kalinke and Mitchell summarise the saga thus :	Sing
Ingibjǫrg spares Jón , however , and substitutes the heart of a dog .	Sing
In the summer of 2013 , Dimitrov joined Botev Plovdiv at under-17 level from Lokomotiv Plovdiv and progressed through the club 's academy system .	Sing
Beginning of 1970 , he became a stuntman for the companies such as Golden Harvest and Shaw Brothers studios .	Sing
The 1609 Baronial Map depicts the townland as " Kennagh " .	Sing
An Inquisition held in Cavan Town on 20 June 1588 valued the total vicarage of Templeport at £ 10 .	Sing
In late 2004 , she exhibited at the Museum of Catalan History entitled " Memory of a time " .	Sing
Eric encounters a butler who reveals himself to be a ghost .	Sing
Eric pronounces Sarah sane , allowing her to remain in control of the company .	Sing
Moreover , it promoted a six-day workweek and it rejected the minimum wage .	Sing
Evidence suggests the crypt and an earlier church derives from the 9th century .	Sing
No average person would make the connect between the show and the ad .	Sing
The study requires 120 ECTS , and normally requires two years study in addition to a completed bachelor 's degree .	Plur
03.Late Binod Behari Dash , S / o - Late Padmanava Dash , Vill - Madhyakhandi , Kendrapada .	Sing
In 1998 , the first MP3 digital audio player was released , the Eiger Labs MPMan F10 .	Sing
In 1999 , Shawn Fanning released Napster , the first of the massively popular peer-to-peer file sharing systems .	Sing
His family includes doctor Béla Rákosi , writer Viktor Rákosi , and actress Szidi Rákosi .	Sing
Here , János Hérics invited Rákosi to continue his studies .	Sing
Weinstock became a freeholder of Sacramento in 1891 .	Sing
She always emphasised self-reliance and disapproved of charity that seemed to undermine individual responsibility .	Sing
The match saw Garratt taking charge of her first FA Cup Final .	Sing
he was awarded the AFC for a second time ) .	Sing
Born in Kraljevo , Račić started playing football in local football academies " Bambi " and " Knjaz " along with his twin brother Bogdan .	Sing
Račić made his SuperLiga debut in away match against Radnik Surdulica , played on 14 May 2016 , when he replaced Aleksandar Katai in 80 minute .	Sing
Coach Miodrag Božović also used Račić as a centre-back , pairing him with Adam Mitchell at friendly match against Radomlje .	Sing
She graduated from University of California , Santa Cruz with a degree in biology , then enrolled in art school .	Sing
It features a three-bay projecting entrance portico with an arcade and variation of Corinthian order pilasters .	Sing
In 2003 Megahed and his colleagues received the K.G .	Sing
His hobbies include carpentry and woodworking .	Sing
The following year , she earned a MPA in Public Administration from Temple University and was a Fulbright Scholar .	Sing
Stewart stabbed Bacon with his bayonet and quickly shot him , causing his death .	Sing
Nathalis did in fact blind Georges .	Plur
On the 26th April 1875 he married Mahala Gee ( died 1905 ) in Townsville and together had four sons and three daughters .	Sing
In 1960 , she was awarded the Ordre des Palmes Académiques , a national order of France , for her work in improving French-American relations .	Sing
In 1960 , a French representative in Boston awarded her the Ordre des Palmes Académiques to recognize her for her work in improving French-American relations .	Sing
Lieutenant James Reddy replaced Birchall in September 1798 , sailing " Speedwell " for the North Sea .	Sing
By January 1804 Lieutenant William Robertson had replaced Fernandez .	Sing
Radio Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero faced constant jamming and interference , moving frequencies and even at one point to different locations in order to solve its problems .	Sing
Benfica , Dodô joined Ukrainian club Shakhtar Donetsk on 22 November 2017 ; signing a contract till June 2018 .	Sing
He then opened two additional Japanese eateries , Toshiro ’ s and Wako , which were located in Lima 's Sheraton hotel .	Plur
The first one has both bishop diagonals open ( that is , P-76 and P-34 ) while the second type has bishop diagonals closed .	Plur
Following the joseki , both sides advance their rook pawns to the middle rank 5 .	Plur
From here , Black may exchange rooks .	Plur
On 30 August 2017 , Della Giovanna joined newly promoted Serie A team SPAL for an undisclosed fee .	Sing
Apollo and Meg escape the Labyrinth , but Apollo 's children , Kayla and Austin , disappear .	Sing
Apollo helps Meg put the wind chimes on the largest tree , which gives a prophecy to Apollo .	Sing
The first novel was titled " The Hidden Oracle " and planned to be launched on May 3 , 2016 .	Sing
Apollo then picks up Meg on his griffin while Lityerses gets trampled , and the three go to the Waystation .	Sing
Meg summons the closest satyr using her powers , who turns out to be Grover Underwood .	Sing
Cohen joined the Palmach in 1944 .	Sing
Police described Lei as violently uncooperative , biting an officer and attempting to run away , destroying a handheld police camera .	Sing
FANCD2OS has no known paralogs in " Homo sapiens " .	Plur
Joan of Arc convinced the Dauphin Charles to go to be crowned at Reims .	Sing
The ease of the march showed both the fragility of the Anglo-Burgundian rule and the restoration of confidence in the cause of Charles VII of France .	Sing
Taiwanese Hakka dialects from Fujian include the Yongding , Zhao 'an and Tingzhou dialects .	Sing
Moore came out twice Runner-up playing for Lobos in 1898 and 1899 .	Sing
In February 2017 , she replaced Kuo Fang-yu as minister of labor .	Sing
C. F. Gray took these ingots and cast them into a billet of pure uranium .	Plur
Casting re-shaped the uranium into ingots and removed impurities .	Sing
Heating to in a graphite crucible could then melt the zinc , which could be drawn off .	Sing
This left the thorium , which was cast into ingots in beryllia crucibles .	Sing
The Ames Laboratory produced of extremely ( more than 99 % ) pure cerium by August 1945 , when production ended .	Sing
This church had the sanctity behind , verandas on both sides and the spaces for the ministers to keep afloat .	Sing
In 1973 , José Alberto Padilla Navarro became the concessionaire of XEHF .	Sing
Consuelo Tonella Escamilla became the concessionaire by the 1980s .	Sing
de Chávez and Clara Chávez de Martínez Montero became the concessionaires .	Plur
The Undercard also featured Willis Meehan vs Will Quarrie , David Aloua vs Anthony McCracken and Kali Meehan vs Shane Cameron .	Sing
The group was originally called Teachers without Borders ( Arabic : معلمون بلا حدود ) .	Plur
The project started mid-year last year ( 2011 ) in two schools : one in Al Kamlen and the other in Soba .	Sing
EWB has fully adopted Al Jeref reformatory .	Sing
She also won two silvers and one bronze at the European Championships .	Plur
The school calendar , class schedule , and the number of course hours followed the Belgian directives .	Plur
Then he directed Gli Sfiorati ( Drifters ) , and Veloce come il vento ( Italian Race ) .	Sing
again and receives Camarillo Canyon , a short and steep tributary , from the right .	Sing
She has also replaced Pernille Holmboe as the new model for the Swedish clothing store Gina Tricot .	Sing
Her editorials include " Allure " , " French " , " Marie Claire " , " Vogue " , and " Women 's Wear Daily " .	Sing
Bacterial STIs include chlamydia , gonorrhea , and syphilis .	Sing
Viral STIs include genital herpes , HIV / AIDS , and genital warts .	Plur
At least an additional 530 million people have genital herpes and 290 million women have human papillomavirus .	Plur
At least an additional 530 million people have genital herpes and 290 million women have human papillomavirus .	Plur
In 2006 , Monroe suffered a dislocated left kneecap during April camp which required surgery .	Sing
Monroe 's decision followed the recent retirements of NFL players Chris Borland ( March 2015 ) , Husain Abdullah ( March 2016 ) , and A.J .	Plur
He joined the band Orbit whom he toured and recorded with until deciding to leave the group and pursue his production work full-time .	Sing
While Madrox battles Cortex , Ruby asks Layla to revive Fitzroy who was killed during Cortex 's initial assault .	Sing
Days later the Lions cleared out his locker , indicating that the team could be moving on without him .	Sing
When the fort was first manned in 1901 , it was considered a sub-post of Fort Trumbull in New London , Connecticut .	Sing
Any attacking vessel could approach Fort Mansfield from a “ dead angle ” along the Rhode Island coast which its long-range 8 inch cannon did not cover .	Sing
A recent regulation has forbidden the feeding of stray dogs in public places .	Sing
Requirements for registration include the implantation of a microchip identifying the owner , rabies vaccination status for dogs less than one year old , and sterilization .	Sing
Carolina loaned Bundu to Charlotte Eagles of the USL Pro league for the 2011 season .	Sing
He was ranked 53rd in the NFL Top 100 for his breakout performance in the 2013 NFL Season .	Sing
Hardy hit Crowder with his knee while Crowder was down on the ground , leaving Crowder unable to continue .	Sing
Selecting next , Teixeira decided Zimmerman in the second bout .	Sing
De Croÿ 's death provoked a clamor back in Spain , which his death was known by 25 January .	Sing
As in the aforementioned game , the main character must throw crates at the enemies in order to defeat them .	Plur
In 1391 , Wladyslaw Jagiello handed Miastko together with nearby Muszyna to Bishop of Kraków , Jan Radlica .	Sing
Lt. Lyle Bouck considered the wounding of most of his men and the capture of his entire unit a failure .	Sing
The Germans had captured the same terrain during the summer of 1940 in three days .	Sing
Creger radioed Bouck and told him of the Germans advancing through Lanzerath on the road between Creger and Bouck 's position .	Sing
Creger and Slape spotted Bouck and Milosevich across the road and sprinted towards them , drawing German fire .	Sing
His jeep was then struck by machine gun fire or mortar shrapnel and his radio was destroyed .	Sing
The Americans left their foxholes and in close combat fired on the attackers to push them back down the hill .	Plur
At one point PFC Milsovech spotted a medic working on and talking to a soldier he felt certain was already dead .	Sing
Sergeant Kuhlbach asked Bouck who was in command , and Bouck replied that he was .	Sing
James contacted Bouck and encouraged him to get his men proper recognition .	Sing
All four were awarded the DSC for their valor at Lanzerath .	Sing
Other survivors include Shaul Soroka , his wife Maryam Blima Goldman Soroka , his sons Pesach and Mottel , and his daughters Braindel and Esther .	Sing
They appointed a Judenrat in the town , whose task it was to provide Jews for slave labor and to obey German orders .	Sing
Humphreys also wrote " Suggestions respecting the Stamp Duties affecting Real and Personal Property " , published posthumously in 1830 , and other pamphlets .	Plur
Under the communists ' jurisdiction , in 1976 the governmental decree illegally expropriated Dolina Lejowa .	Sing
In Spanish , the word " uva " means " grape " and " llaga " means " wound " .	Sing
In 2014 , he was named action co-captain alongside Rory Sloane due to regular captain Nathan van Berlo 's absence through injury .	Sing
In January 2008 , after playing nine games in one year for Rochedale , he joined A-League club Brisbane Roar .	Sing
Famous examples include the Jōmon Sugi , Kigen-sugi and Wilson stump .	Sing
Also Jennifer received the Premio Lo Nuestro for Female Entertainer of the Year .	Sing
Around 1637 , Fermat wrote his Last Theorem in the margin of his copy of the " Arithmetica " next to Diophantus 's sum-of-squares problem :	Sing
If they are correct , they win an additional $ 100 " Super Stash of Cash " ( $ 500 on every 100th show ) .	Sing
Prohibited firearms include fully automatic , converted automatics and assault-type weapons .	Plur
A number of travelers , including Americans , have been arrested for attempting to smuggle khat , an herbal stimulant from East Africa , into Canada .	Sing
Rex asks Jeannette what she would like for her 10th birthday , and Jeannette says she would like him to stop drinking .	Sing
A few years later , Rex calls Jeannette and tells her that he is dying .	Sing
Their daughter , Anna , married Kazimierz Walicki , governor of Sochaczew .	Sing
The first troops reached Madang on 8 February , and the whole movement was complete by 23 February .	Sing
In 1995 , Kuwait Airways sold the airframe to Birgenair , which subsequently leased the airframe to Alas Nacionales and LAN Airlines .	Sing
Roberts defeated Peacock with just over 52 % of the vote .	Sing
" Enciclopedia de los Municipios y delegaciones de México " .	Sing
The 1952 Indiana Hoosiers football team represented the Indiana Hoosiers in the 1952 Big Ten Conference football season .	Plur
Ayesha then angrily drags Bren back to the car and scold her for her actions .	Sing
Ayesha then confronts Bren saying that she is simply moving from one addiction to another , however Ayesha then discovers that Bren is being evicted .	Sing
Ayesha 's family all have their own emotional baggage , which will get thrust onto The Mill .	Sing
The whole locomotive-tender complex was given a streamlined casing .	Sing
He spent the 1952 off-season with the Giants before leaving the team due to a foot injury .	Sing
He replaced Vasily Margelov as commanded of the Soviet airborne in 1979 .	Sing
Rodriguez used the term temperament in his theory to emphasize that it covers " overall personality " and not " individual traits and idiosyncrasies . "	Sing
Rodriguez did not formulate Temperament Isolation to be a critical theory , but he acknowledges that it might address social inequality issues .	Sing
Critics feel Cain and Rodriguez are " over extending " by trying to suggest that discrimination or oppression of personality is similar to racial discrimination or sexism .	Sing
Why do quarks form colourless hadrons with only two stable configurations , proton and neutron ?	Plur
" * All Group B matches were played in East Bengal Ground , Kolkata between 27 January to 4 February 2016 . "	Sing
They defeated VMI in the first round of the SoCon Tournament to advance to the quarterfinals where they lost to Chattanooga .	Sing
Hydroxylation is the major and primary biotransformation of tebufenpyrad reported both " in vivo " and " in vitro " .	Sing
While males excreted the carboxylic derivatives of the parent compound , the female rats excreted the sulfate conjugates of carboxylic acid .	Plur
His original 48th Assembly District included Pasadena , South Pasadena , La Cañada Flintridge , La Crescenta , Montrose , and North Glendale .	Sing
The Gauchos joined the CCAA in 1939 and the Mustangs joined in 1945 .	Sing
The two schools announced the formalization of the Blue – Green Rivalry in 2009 to highlight the athletic accomplishments , but also to promote environmental sustainability .	Sing
Later in the same year he accompanied Sturt in his abortive attempt to pass through the Murray Mouth .	Sing
In this online event , participants will show their imaginative and creativity skills by designing the poster for the next Infinity Wars movie .	Sing
On 12 February 2016 , Semedo joined Chelmsford City on a one-month loan deal .	Sing
According to Bastian , the scrapie and CWD " Spiroplasma " isolates caused a spongiform encephalopathy identical to scrapie and CWD .	Sing
Tapper also promoted rote learning in the rote-note controversy of the late 19th Century music education .	Sing
They defeated Wofford to advance to the semifinals of the SoCon Tournament where they lost to Chattanooga .	Sing
Her co-hosts included Verónica Gallardo and Fabián Lavalle .	Sing
In 2001 she hosted " Trapitos al Sol " , another TV program focused on celebrity and entertainment news .	Sing
That same year was elected Armando Jaramillo Lyon as its president , and Party joined the electoral coalition Concertación for municipal elections .	Sing
Mississippi State beat the Miami RedHawks in the St. Petersburg Bowl to finish the season at 6 – 7 .	Plur
You can 't really control hype .	Sing
Tennessee head coach Butch Jones commented after the game : " The first game of the year is always a game of the unknowns .	Sing
Jones added , " Again , just resiliency ... 11 straight wins ... fifth-longest streak in school history .	Sing
Tennessee head coach Butch Jones spoke on his team 's gameplay , " I 'm very , very proud of our kids .	Sing
South Carolina snapped a three-game losing streak and got their first victory over Tennessee in four years , winning 24 – 21 .	Sing
The Volunteers snapped a three-game losing streak in a 55-0 blowout of the Golden Eagles .	Sing
Tennessee head coach Butch Jones called the victory a " complete team win . "	Sing
After the leakage was discovered , the Sabal Company installed containment booms at the site and posted a vacuum truck to capture the mud seepage .	Plur
This breed has many fanciers in its native country , with many clubs dedicated to it such as the Central Nankin Lovers Association .	Plur
The body form resembles a dorsal-less ryukin goldfish with a ranchu-like tail .	Sing
She also has two stepdaughters and three grandchildren .	Plur
Several states will also hold state gubernatorial and state legislative elections .	Sing
The film stars Jayaram in the lead roles while Shweta Menon , Bhagyaraj and Sandhya among others form an ensemble cast .	Sing
Su ( 2006 : 29 , 32 ) calls the Six Dynasties ( 222-589 ) the " golden age of whistling " .	Plur
Karlgren ( 1964 : 104-105 ) translates " Long-drawn I ( croon : ) wail " .	Sing
" Zhaoyinshi " " Summons for a Recluse " uses " xiao " describing the calls of " yuanyou " 猿狖 " gibbons " .	Sing
Like sounds harmonize together ; Creatures mate with their own kind .	Sing
Fire flies upward ; water flows downward .	Sing
The " Huainanzi " " Surveying Obscurities " chapter uses " xiao " " moan " referring to people suffering under the legendary tyrant Jie of Xia .	Sing
He would Climb Mount Chi , in order to maintain his moral integrity ; Or float on the blue sea to wander with his ambition .	Sing
Chi then with a shrill sound made a long whistling whose echoes reverberated through the empty stillness .	Sing
Once [ Juan ] Chi met Sun Teng on Su-men Mountain [ 蘇門山 ] .	Sing
Presently came a fierce whirlwind with pelting rain , followed by phoenixes and peacocks in flocks ; no one could count them .	Sing
He obtained only two-tenths of it , and called it ' Su Men ' .	Plur
Coffee and doughnuts provide caffeine , and large amounts of fat and sugar .	Sing
Radar using them followed , but not quickly , the FuG 224 not appearing until early 1944 .	Sing
The main German magnetron used an electromagnet instead .	Sing
Ali was appointed Kadi 'asker for Anatolia in early summer 1571 .	Sing
Rare symptoms include microphthalmos ( abnormally small eyes ) , tear ducts in the wrong location , and high arched palate .	Plur
Other disorders that appear similar include Waardenburg syndrome and Ohdo blepharophimosis syndrome .	Sing
She performed the acoustic of the original version of the song on " Elvis Duran and the Morning Show " on March 16 , 2016 .	Sing
Other members of the band included Kristian Hoffman , Rob Duprey , Jay Dee Daugherty and Aaron Kiley .	Sing
Kevorkov and Karamyan continued the saga with " An Extraordinary Assignment " ( 1965 ) .	Sing
In 1973 , SATPEC managed the newly re-opened Tunisian Cinémathèque .	Sing
Image Indexing and Content-based Retrieval	Sing
Graziadio married Reva Mikles , a native of Magazine , Arkansas .	Sing
His business approach kept OGC afloat , and brought full accreditation in 1973 .	Sing
Tata flew a consignment of mail from Karachi to Juhu Airport , an airline later became Air India .	Sing
Varunastra has conformal array transducer which enables it look at wider angles than most common torpedoes .	Sing
It held its first plenum immediately after the Congress , on 10 May , and elected officials .	Sing
The cyclone first affected Socotra , becoming the first hurricane-force storm there since 1922 .	Sing
The storm developed well-defined rainbands as the structure consolidated more , with well established outflow to the north and south .	Plur
Ahead of the storm , the World Health Organization distributed gasoline to ambulances and hospitals to ensure they would continue operating effectively .	Sing
To help with food shortages , the World Food Programme had provided High Energy Biscuits by 30 November to 24,900 people , using pre-stocked supplies .	Plur
Vandenabeele joined Grenoble in the summer of 2016 .	Sing
The Seven Network released a 90-second promo in December 2015 , advising the series would begin airing in February 2016 .	Sing
It stars Julián Román as the titular character .	Sing
" Coming Home " won a record-tying four awards including Best Picture , Best Writing , Best Newcomer and Best Cinematography .	Sing
Her research examines how the lowering of dimensionality and reduction of size affect material properties .	Sing
She studied at the Moscow State Academy of Choreography , the class teachers Elizaveta Gerdt and Maria Kozhukhova .	Sing
For this achievement the Financial Times named Paraskevas ‘ Super Salesman ’ and praised him for his ‘ unflappable ’ style of closing deals .	Sing
When Ali ibn Husayn said these statements , Yazid ordered the muezzin to call people for prayers .	Sing
After nearly thirty years ' of teaching ministry at Chennai , Meshack bid adieu to the College in 2011 .	Sing
Breese faced Keita Nakamura on 27 February 2016 at UFC Fight Night 84 .	Sing
Breese faced Sean Strickland on 4 June 2016 at UFC 199 .	Sing
At the age of 12 years , Reddy joined the RSS and has been an active member since then .	Sing
Topography has kept the railway Flims , but the hotel received its first summer season Postbus service in 1920 .	Plur
Buyers of the holiday apartments received entitlement to use of the hotel facilities .	Sing
As a student , he joined ABVP at Osmania University and in the year 1980 , he joined Bharatiya Janata Party .	Sing
A centre and five-eighth , Allen represented Taranaki and , briefly , at a provincial level .	Sing
Manit Rastogi has studied the interconnect of 18 major nullahs and 20,000 tertiary ones across the national capital .	Sing
This event marked the seventeenth Mnet Asian Music Awards .	Sing
Dr. Salman Abu Sitta wrote in 1999 " Palestinian Right to Return Sacred , Legal and Possible . "	Sing
She replaced head coach Andy Landers prior to the 2015 – 2016 season .	Sing
In 2017 , Veneto Banca was declared insolvent and under administrative liquidation ( ) .	Sing
The next album " Silent Treatment " received the Spellemannprisen as This year 's pop group .	Sing
The film stars Kishore and Dhruvva in the lead roles while Mrudhula Bhaskar , Anumol and ' Poo ' Ram among others form an ensemble cast .	Sing
Fauré did not intend the eighth nocturne to appear under that designation .	Sing
The second episode , in C minor , marked " cantabile " , is succeeded by an abrupt ending with a " fortissimo " chord .	Sing
Cortot compared the first impromptu to a rapid barcarolle , redolent of " sunlit water " , combining " stylised coquetry and regret " .	Sing
They show Fauré at his most playful , presenting variations before the theme is heard and darting in and out of unexpected keys .	Sing
Morrison describes the Ballade as " a reminder of halcyon , half-remembered summer days and bird-haunted forests " .	Sing
He also founded Bihar and Orissa Research Society in 1915 which was devoted to explore more about Indology and Anthropology .	Sing
Side B contains " Mes Yeux Bleus " sung by his wife , Cleoma Falcon .	Sing
In October 2007 , she won the European U20 Judo Championship , at U63 , in Prague , Czech Republic .	Sing
In November 2009 she won the European U23 Judo Championship , at U63 , in Antalya , Turkey .	Sing
Impossible Project was renamed Polaroid Originals in September 2017 .	Plur
The festival was also awarded an " Arty " by the staff of Salt Lake City Weekly for " Best DIY Arts Fair " in 2009 .	Sing
In 1911 , he owned a saloon , the Old-Timer 's Bar , at 8th Street and K Street , Southwest , Washington , D.C .	Sing
The first phase included 53 rowhouses in Petworth , which he sold for $ 8,950 each .	Plur
The British newspaper " The Guardian " described Blake Mora as Mexico 's number-two official in fighting the drug cartels , after the president .	Sing
She did TVC for Zee Marathi , Rasoi Magic Masala .	Sing
Then she did a promo for SAB TV with actor Gaurav Khanna .	Sing
She also confirmed " Olvídate De Mí " and " Volvamos A Empezar " , which is a ranchera mixed with a rock style feel .	Sing
when she performed " Me Gustas Tanto " for the very first time in " Concierto EXA 3D " in Mexico City on October 22 , 2011 .	Sing
Work continued apace on some projects on a 24-hour-a-day basis .	Sing
Makeshift B-1 turbojets did not live up to expectation , so JB-1s are completed with pulsejet power as JB-10s .	Plur
In early 1949 , Air Materiel Command assigned North American F-86A-1-NA Sabre , " 47-608 " , to Eglin for cold weather testing in the climatic hangar .	Sing
The 2nd GMS flew B-29s in Operation Banshee before switching to B-17s .	Plur
Also , this date , the Air Proving Ground Center received its first F-105 Thunderchief for armament and fire control system testing .	Sing
The receipt of the B-57 caused another redesignation to the 34th Bombardment Squadron ( Tactical ) on 1 October 1955 .	Sing
Kayworth , who will act as senior project officer for the tests had Cap .	Sing
The 3245th Test Group ( Bombardment ) supplied a Boeing B-47 Stratojet and a Boeing KC-97 Stratofreighter as target aircraft .	Sing
The 4-0-4s would serve Eglin until 1973 .	Sing
On 4 May 1962 , President John F. Kennedy visited Eglin for an airpower tour .	Sing
It would gain the nickname " Club Fed " .	Sing
Simultaneously , the center was testing radar homing and warning equipment and self-protection electronic countermeasures jamming pods .	Plur
On 1 July 1979 , Southern Airways , serving Eglin since 1957 , merged with North Central Airlines to form Republic Airlines .	Sing
The 58th also destroyed the most MiG-29s ( a total of five ) and had the only wing commander who had an air-to-air victory .	Plur
During an unusual test , an F-15 Eagle engaged a C-141 Starlifter , ( " 61-2777 " ) , over the Eglin AFB range with four GAR-4As .	Sing
The OCD program demonstrated an 11-meter Circular Error Probable ( CEP ) .	Sing
The cruiser launched an unarmed Tomahawk from the Atlantic Ocean off Jacksonville .	Sing
Turbojet ignition sequence completed approximately five seconds after launch , and the engine came up to speed as the prototype approached apogee .	Sing
It features a cantilever mid-wing , canard , a single-seat , open cockpit , tricycle landing gear and a single engine in pusher configuration .	Sing
Molde met Fredrikstad FK , the club where Tor Fuglset 's brother Jan Fuglset where playing , in the quarter-final of 1968 Norwegian Football Cup .	Sing
During his studies , he explores minimal techno , influenced especially by Carl Craig and Surgeon _ ( musician ) .	Sing
Suslovic endorsed Eliot Cutler in the 2014 gubernatorial election .	Sing
In 2001 , his first book was published , " Radiant Source - Cultivating Warrior Consciousness " , about his philosophy of martial arts .	Sing
According to Azalea , she has some Aboriginal ( Indigenous Australian ) ancestry : " My family came to Australia on the First Fleet .	Sing
However , after Interscope did not allow T.I .	Sing
Azalea promoted " Switch " through a performance on the 2017 iHeartRadio Much Music Video Awards .	Sing
In 1832 Thomson 's map shows ' Belton Loch ' with an inflow burn from Polquhairn .	Sing
In a 1935 interview , he declared his " spontaneous , sincere and complete affiliation " to the proposals for greater cooperation between Hungarian and Romanian authors .	Sing
Oscar finds this fascinating , whereas Dwight leaves in disgust .	Sing
But those two jokes had enough mileage in them to last a full 22 minutes " .	Sing
BankRI also awarded Good Fund a grant in 2010 .	Sing
Each game starred Yugi Mutou and his loyal card-battling friends and ships with three exclusive limited edition game cards .	Sing
The operation began at 04 : 00 KST on 25 June 1950 along the 38th parallel north without a declaration of war .	Sing
Two Hydra scientists enlist the Abomination to help them capture the Hulk and siphon his gamma energy into their own version of Tony Stark 's arc reactor .	Sing
They also fight a Wendigo and a fleet of Mandroids .	Sing
It stars Adrian Pasdar as Iron Man , and Roger Craig Smith as Captain America .	Sing
In 2009 , Hillcrest released the Loop pointer for sale directly to consumers .	Sing
Other licensees of Freespace include Logitech , Sony ’ s videogame division , Roku , Universal Electronics and Zillion TV	Sing
Hovland joined Molde ahead of the 2012-season .	Sing
A few months later , we put " Chess with Friends " on the App Store . ”	Sing
At the Drake Relays , he won both the three-mile and six-mile races three times consecutively from 1966 to 1968 .	Sing
Markus Palttala replaced Yann Clairay for this round returning behind the wheel of the No .	Sing
Clairay replaced Bertrand Baguette behind the wheel of the No .	Sing
Also by 1847 , she had met lawyer and Tammany Hall brother Daniel Sickles .	Plur
Rumors that White contributed her own earnings to Sickles ' election campaign would haunt Sickles for the rest of his political career .	Plur
In England , White accompanied Sickles openly to theaters , operas , and diplomatic events .	Plur
The three-day inquest became a cause célèbre and was reported in " The New York Times " .	Sing
She creates a fake ID and presents herself as a reporter .	Sing
In the second text scene of the emaki , Murasaki Shikibu describes how everybody including servants , minor officials and high nobility was joyful and happy .	Sing
The painting shows Murasaki Shikibu inside a room with closed " tsumado " ( hinged plank door ) and " shitomido " ( latticed shutters ) .	Sing
Seeing waterfowl playing heedlessly in a pond , she writes the following waka :	Sing
The lattice window and the stewards separate Murasaki Shikibu from the outside world , keeping her a prisoner in the room .	Sing
Murasaki being frightened and helpless in this situation recites the following waka :	Sing
This behaviour made Michinaga believe that they are gossiping about other people .	Sing
A former doctor , Jim Howard , helps the desperate Margot .	Sing
She had attended the first Puppeteers of America Festival in 1936 and signed herself and Susan Barnes as charter members of that organization .	Plur
The guild published the Puppetry Grapevine , the official publication of the Puppeteers of America … forerunner to The Puppetry Journal .	Sing
Judy Dauten would perform her authentic Punch and Judy .	Sing
In 1797 , he married Amanda M. Stanton ( d . 1811 ) , and they had five children .	Sing
In 1823 , he was elected Supervisor of the Town of Ledyard , New York .	Sing
He has both a " makushita " and a " jūryō " division championship .	Sing
The main stand has a bent canopy hanging off two leaning pillars .	Sing
He has rode for three National league clubs since 2005 in which was his debut season .	Sing
Glenelg was generally considered the best three-year-old of 1869 .	Sing
In 2005 , he signed for amateur club FC Union 60 Bremen .	Sing
He edited the " Educator " ( 1893 – 94 ) for the duration of its publication .	Sing
She was awarded the Ms. Foundation for Women 's Gloria Award for Women of Vision and the National Award for Women 's Economic Justice .	Sing
An appearance at the 1968 Daytona 500 ( as an owner ) would allow Hamm to have her employee drive at the " Great American Race . "	Sing
In 2007 she was designated a Women 's History Month Honoree by the National Women 's History Project .	Sing
He married Ellen Logue on 9 December 1874 at St Paul 's Anglican Church in Adelaide .	Sing
The Liberals ' views proved incompatible with his own , however , and at the 1910 election he contested Boothby as an independent .	Sing
While living in the house , Steinbeck wrote " The Grapes of Wrath " and completed " Of Mice and Men " .	Sing
Compared to fixed priority scheduling techniques like rate-monotonic scheduling , EDF can guarantee all the deadlines in the system at higher loading .	Plur
The leader of the assassination ring , shoots a poison dart at Marcel , who falls , as soon as he receives it .	Sing
She lands her gondola at a garden which is a property of that mysterious collector .	Sing
In there , she gives a medication to an officer , which turned out to be unnecessary , because the count got cleared out of any wrongdoing .	Sing
The cops told Sylvie to wait for them with the count , because they need to give them the release papers .	Sing
The count asks Sylvie to run to the yacht and open the safe , in which he keeps his fortune .	Sing
They wanted Sylvie to join , but she of course , doesn 't believe it , and get very suspicious about the whole story .	Sing
King Henry III ( 1207 – 1272 ) also had substantial dealing with Templars , the king 's Wardrobe being located there in 1225 .	Sing
In one place , Vaipō Waterfall , the collected water falls off a highland and falls 350 m ( 1,148 ft ) .	Sing
In December 1813 , Porter left Nuku Hiva to continue raiding British whalers .	Sing
, a new generational collector called the " Simple Generational GC " ( SGen-GC ) became available as part of Mono .	Sing
A user can define a namespace by placing elements inside a namespace block .	Sing
Some programs written for the Linux Desktop include Banshee , Beagle , F-Spot , Gbrainy , Docky / GNOME Do , MonoTorrent , Pinta , and Tomboy .	Sing
Prior to the announcement , Amudhan had already selected Vimal , Aravind Akash and his former college friend , Richard , for the lead roles .	Sing
After Martin 's death , a revised and expanded edition was issued which listed Ravi K. Zacharias as co-author .	Sing
He married Annie Florence Slocombe on 21 April 1891 .	Sing
Ava gets Missy to help write the speech , although she isn 't much help .	Sing
The film features Karthik and newcomer Srinidhi in lead roles .	Sing
Initially , Gayatri avoids Seenu but she soon understands the true nature of Rajasekhar and she becomes Seenu 's friend .	Sing
He helps Rajasekhar get out of prison and gets him try and separate the couple before their marriage .	Sing
She visited Noël Corbu in Rennes-le-Château with the artist Jean Raffy Le Persan ( 1920-2008 ) during the 1950s .	Sing
Previous presenters have included Dermot O 'Leary , Russell Brand , Alex Zane , Ricky Gervais , Simon Amstell and Jimmy Carr .	Sing
" I left XFM because I had done it for two years .	Plur
Castro used Leninist thought as a model upon which to convert the Cuban state and society into a socialist form .	Sing
In 1990 , he joined FC Braşov and would spend most of his playing career with the club .	Sing
The Bishop Trefnant probably knew Prophet because he had already served with him on the royal council .	Sing
They discussed the certainty of war and the failure of negotiations to come .	Sing
He wrote " Memoirs " of his father , prefixed to " Dissertations , Essays , and Sermons , by the late George Bingham , B.D .	Plur
Elrington Ball drew the inference that " violence is indigenous to the Irish soil " .	Sing
Townsend then began radar interceptor training at James Connally Air Force Base in Waco , Texas .	Sing
In 1989 , he was named Assistant Adjutant General for Air , Idaho National Guard .	Sing
In 1791 , Ebrahim Khan married Fath-Ali Shah 's eldest daughter Homayun Soltan .	Sing
Brian Kelly pulled Golson late in the second quarter because he was missing reads and progressions .	Sing
But the coach put Golson back in after backup Tommy Rees threw an interception , and the Irish fell behind by two touchdowns .	Sing
He borrowed an amp from friend and neighbor Shara Worden , who had previously given him vocal lessons .	Sing
In 1989 , at age 18 , Keezer joined Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers , becoming the last pianist to join the band .	Sing
In 2000 , he joined Ingrid Jensen on BET 's " Jazz Central Station " .	Sing
In Maclaren 's honour the Gilwell staff wore the Maclaren neckerchief , made of Maclaren tartan .	Sing
Illingworth beat McClymont 1.5 – 0.5 in the rapid chess playoff match for Zonal Champion .	Sing
Kyle and Littlefield had reportedly taken Routh to the gun range in an effort to help him with his post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .	Sing
On the way to the shooting range , Kyle texted Littlefield , " This dude is straight up nuts . "	Sing
" The Guardian " wrote that ' Foxes !	Plur
The final was rated an EF3 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale , with winds between .	Sing
A high-end EF2 tornado struck Creston , Iowa , flipping vehicles and causing major structural damage to homes and other buildings in town .	Sing
Another EF2 wedge tornado struck Thurman , Iowa , damaging 75 % of the town .	Sing
A damaging high-end F1 tornado tore through the northern suburbs of Dianella and Morley in Perth , Western Australia at about midday .	Sing
The tornado was later rated an EF2 on the Enhanced Fujita scale .	Sing
Leaders included the brothers Sigurd , Gunnar , and Birger Furugård .	Sing
In private , it helped smuggle and conceal Nazi collaborators , soldiers , and Waffen-SS volunteers from the refugee camps and allied powers .	Sing
In 1998 , Hampus Hellekant murdered syndicalist union member Björn Söderberg after Söderberg exposed the ideology of Vesterlund in the workplace .	Sing
In 1991 / 92 the Anti-AFA formed against an organized anti-Fascist group , the AFA , or Antifa .	Sing
Its engine also supported full-screen four-way VGA scrolling , and later full-screen double buffered redraws , well before these were the standard .	Sing
For advanced users , many of the engine 's limitations have workarounds .	Plur
The leaving MPs established Dialogue for Hungary as a full-fledged party .	Sing
On September 5 , 1836 , the Lyon Post Office was renamed Kensington .	Sing
Actors grow hoarse shouting at each other above the uproar .	Sing
Browngardt studied Character Animation at California Institute of the Arts .	Sing
Generally , present-day Barnim there is very little surface evidence of the Kansan period remaining .	Sing
Isolated and outnumbered after a second Federal element under Colonel Franz Sigel was routed , the Federals on Bloody hill fought the Confederate forces to a stalemate .	Plur
Lin translated the Tao Te Ching and annotated it .	Sing
Around the same time , Kurant served as the cinematographer on Orson Welles ' French production , " The Immortal Story " .	Sing
In fact , when one would mention San Pedro Makati during the pre-war period , it indicated Barangay Poblacion .	Sing
The single functional stamen has a yellow anther , about long , with long spurs formed from the connective tissue between the two capsules of the anther .	Sing
Markus Larsson of " Aftonbladet " compared Laleh to Canadian singer Feist , saying that " Feist 's music sometimes feels like Laleh 's big sister " .	Sing
He married Ina von Grumbkow in February 1912 .	Sing
The mounds held stone bowls and beads buried with the skeletons , but Reck did not identify any Stone Age tools .	Plur
In 1927 the anthropologist Louis Leakey visited Munich to examine the Oldoway Man , and he returned in 1929 for a further study .	Sing
Leakey invited Reck to accompany him on a fresh expedition to Olduvai , which Reck gladly accepted .	Sing
The expedition reached Olduvai in September 1931 .	Sing
Her works included panegyrics addressed to contemporary rulers .	Plur
The amateur entomologist James John Joicey commissioned Barns to collect specimens of lepidoptera in Africa on his behalf .	Sing
Walt Disney asked the Shermans to " find scary places and write fun songs " for their compositions , and frequently brought them to storyline sessions .	Plur
The Tibet Improvement Party openly supported the Kuomintang and the Republic of China against the Lhasa government of Tibet .	Sing
For example , to use a splint , required if you sustain an injury , you must have / acquire rope and a stick .	Sing
There Bohart was researching the sod webworm that was infesting his own front yard lawn from 1938 to 1941 .	Sing
This award recognizes businesspeople who have made a difference in the world of changing political and environmental landscapes .	Plur
Apocephalus borealis is a species of North American parasitoid phorid fly that attacks bumblebees , honey bees , and paper wasps .	Plur
The People 's Liberation Army had occupied Kham without much opposition from the Khampas .	Sing
Qian sent an emissary to thank Li .	Sing
Yang thereafter sent Tai Meng ( 臺濛 ) and Wang Maozhang to do so .	Sing
Southeast Texas cuisine shows strong Cajun and Creole influences in its foods .	Sing
At the party 's first congress on 15 January 2012 , the DUP voted Han Myeong-sook chairwoman of the supreme council .	Sing
Shukla has represented the Kenya in List A cricket , and also the Kenya A cricket team .	Sing
During the 2009 season Pertúz helped Medellín to a first-place finish in the Torneo Finalización and a Copa Mustang II title .	Sing
He has served as Chairman of Confederation of Indian Industry ’ s ( CII ) national committee on insurance and pensions .	Sing
The philosopher Frederick Suppe described " Sexual Preference " as very important study in the " Journal of Homosexuality " .	Sing
" ′ s data does not support Bem ′ s hypothesis .	Plur
had an " urge to fill a conceptual gap " stronger than their " adherence to theoretical consistency and political judgment " .	Sing
The psychologist Seymour Fisher described " Sexual Preference " as a high quality study in " Sexual Images of the Self " ( 1989 ) .	Sing
The philosopher Edward Stein maintained in his anthology " Forms of Desire " ( 1990 ) that Bell " et al .	Plur
Gonsiorek and Weinrich maintained in their anthology " Homosexuality : Research Implications for Public Policy " ( 1991 ) that Bell " et al .	Sing
This magnetic attraction , pulls the armature in contact with the rotor face .	Sing
One or more springs hold the armature away from its corresponding contact surface at a predetermined air gap .	Sing
Almost all manufacturers put the static rated torque for their couplings in their catalog .	Sing
Her existence in the family made her eldest stepsister , Bianca Maghirang ( Bianca Casado ) grow envious and inconsiderate of Mikay .	Sing
She then meets Gino , the wealthy and arrogant campus heartthrob after literally colliding with her .	Sing
He introduces Mikay to the family , but they disliked and mistreated her and she ends up leaving the party crying after a brief argument with Gino .	Sing
There , he officially meets Mikay and Gino .	Sing
Gino 's mother requested Mikay to stay away from his son , as she thinks Mikay causes her son so much trouble .	Sing
Mikay surpringly sees Gino at the airport , they bid their goodbyes as they hugged , while Mikay was in tears .	Sing
While adjusting to the royal life , Jao joins Mikay to support her .	Sing
Later , Gino followed Mikay despite his mother 's objections .	Sing
With this , Anand told Mikay to think of the royal engagement rather than rebels of the East .	Sing
Jao eventually sees Mikay but she doesn 't see him .	Sing
He also doesn 't tell Mikay about going back to the village because he wants Mikay to move on .	Sing
He also recognizes Mikay as Princess Areeyah and tells her about the fact that they are from the East Kingdom and explained their situation .	Sing
Later Mikay sees Gino and learns about the soccer tournament and the fact that Jao is their coach .	Sing
So Dinoy tells Mikay to not hasten her decisions so she would not hurt both Jao and Gino 's feelings .	Sing
She tells Jao to be tell them everything that happened to him and to be honest with himself .	Sing
Mikay sees Jao and watches him from a distance and walk away .	Sing
Mikay only half awake , sees Jao but didn 't mind him .	Sing
Thus having Mikay break down seeing Gino 's coldness towards her .	Sing
There he meets Priam , and he reveals to Jao that he is his biological father .	Sing
Alicia tells Gino to think about it , but it seems Gino 's decision was already final .	Sing
Thinking Mikay still really loves Jao , Gino keeps pushing Mikay away as he stays away the two .	Sing
She then leaves Gino and Anand for a bit , to change clothes .	Sing
He finds Mikay , scared and hiding in the forest and Gino promises to never leave Mikay again .	Sing
Gino tells Mikay to run away as he fights against Sivaji and the guards but Gino gets beaten and taken as hostage in the palace .	Sing
Jao and the Silangan guards return the wounded Gino to Mikay , and the West guards take him to their safehouse .	Sing
In his next fight , Spång faced Ricky Legere on January 7 , 2012 at .	Sing
In 1884 he married Lilli Bing , daughter of a timber merchant in Fredrikstad .	Sing
They had the sons Nils and Emil Steen .	Plur
AW 01-02 ' Minter ' - Mary Miles Minter was an American silent film actress .	Sing
SS 2002 ' Mildred ' - is the character that Bette Davis played in the 1934 American film " Of Human Bondage " .	Sing
AW 04-05 ' Cindy ' - American artist Cindy Sherman .	Sing
SS 2008 ' Mink ' - Mink Stole has been part of all the John Waters films since 1969 .	Sing
Resort 2012 ' Meryl ' - Meryl Streep is an American actress .	Sing
Pre-AW 13-24 ' Arne ' - Arne Jacobsen was a world-famous Danish architect .	Sing
AW 13-14 ' Viv ' - Vivian Nicholson said " Spend , spend , spend " in 1961 when she won the pools in England .	Sing
Resort 2014 ' Paulette ' - Paulette Goddard was an American actress in the 1930s and became a very rich lady .	Sing
AW 2014 ' Claus ' - Claus von Bülow .	Sing
Resort 15 ' Yoko ' - Yoko Ono is a famous visual Fluxus artist .	Sing
AW 16-17 ' Peggy ' - Peggy Guggenheim was an American heiress who spend all her money on art and lovers .	Sing
Finocchio joined third-tier side Cremonese from Parma on loan in the summer of 2011 in a year-long deal .	Sing
William Cooper Nell quoted Easton at length in 1859 on the constitutional point , while speaking against the Dred Scott Decision .	Sing
He did this all keeping in mind that his voter base is being relocated , as their safety came before anything else .	Sing
The journal has a current Impact Factor of 4.265 , 3 / 154 ( Zoology ) , making it a leading journal in the field of zoology .	Sing
Hill therefore kept Voltigeur walking round until he was called out for the deciding heat .	Sing
Voltigeur was ranked thirtieth , having been placed in the top ten by eight of the contributors .	Sing
A performance of Gunla music starts with Dyah Lhayegu , a short salutation to the deities .	Sing
Like other Faqir groups , the Sarwari started off as a Sufi order , the Sarwari Qadiriyya .	Sing
He later became Bernal ’ s protégé at the Cultural Center of the Philippines where Sicangco designed Le Carnaval for Ballet Philippines .	Sing
Upon finishing an MFA in stage design at New York University , Tisch School of the Arts , he was given the J.S .	Sing
The product won the Macworld 2011 Best of Show and was named an Honoree at the CES Innovations 2011 .	Sing
The twin goddesses Tara and Tarini are worshiped as manifestations of Adi Shakti .	Sing
Notable portraits by Braquehais include composer Ludwig Minkus and choreographer Arthur Saint-Léon .	Sing
He compiled comprehensive bibliographies of scientific memoirs and documents .	Plur
The trail connects Southampton and Port Elgin .	Sing
In 2018 , MoneySense rated Saugeen Shores as the 14th best place to live in all of Canada and 6th in Ontario .	Plur
Cities within 50 miles include Joliet ( 34 miles to city center ) .	Sing
The Coyotes would then re-sign Comrie to a new , one-year contract worth $ 3 million , on August 4 , 2006 .	Sing
Before the trade deadline on February 26 , 2008 , the New York Islanders re-signed Comrie to a new one-year contract worth $ 4 million .	Sing
She takes the crucifix from Monsignor Franchino , and sits down in Father Halliran 's chair .	Sing
Cities within 50 miles include Moline ( 19 miles to city center ) .	Sing
His first major success came with his painting , " The Hermit " which was shown at the seventeenth exhibition of the Peredvizhniki in 1889 .	Sing
In 1902 , he married Ekaterina Vasilyeva , whom he had met admiring his works at an exhibition .	Sing
In contrast , high-valuation bidders shade more than low valuation bidders here .	Plur
The inner wall displays some slumping along the edges , particularly to the north and southeast , but little terrace development .	Sing
Hackett told " The Enquirer " , " I 'm a self-made guy .	Sing
" That 's what lawyers do , " Hackett told " The Cincinnati Enquirer " .	Sing
Howard Wilkinson of " The Cincinnati Enquirer " said Hackett in the second debate was " trying to paint Schmidt as a Taft-Bush robot . "	Sing
Retired general and presidential candidate Wesley Clark also endorsed Hackett .	Sing
In the general election , the Democratic " Dayton Daily News " endorsed Hackett .	Sing
" The Cincinnati Post " also endorsed Hackett .	Sing
Ultimately , the newspaper did not endorse Hackett .	Sing
On February 17 , 2010 , Hackett endorsed Surya Yalamanchili in the Democratic primary for the Second District of Ohio .	Sing
Days later , Burt and Adam attend the re-opening of the classic car event for orphans .	Sing
Zambia-born actress Julia Rose plays the young Julie Newmar and gets to briefly don the Catwoman costume .	Sing
She also defended contraception , legal abortion and reproductive rights .	Sing
The TVA claims responsibility for monitoring the multiverse and can prune timelines if they 're deemed too dangerous to exist .	Plur
On 10 December 1937 , VS-5 went aboard " Yorktown " and served aboard her until replaced by Douglas SBD-3s Dauntlesses in 1940 .	Sing
Adult females have a single functional ovary , on the right , and two functional uteri .	Sing
Above the noise you can hear the bandmaster shouting out typical slogans like " die Krüge hoch " .	Sing
He created the fruit pillar as a symbol for thanksgiving which is still the emblem of the Volksfest .	Sing
Students interview clients , conduct depositions , prepare pleadings and motions , compose memoranda , and draft various transactional documents .	Plur
She married Yoweri Museveni in August 1973 .	Sing
Andre LaBelle , ( drummer from 1989 to 1992 ) , along with Fleischman , formed a new band " The Sky " in 2011 .	Sing
The census from 1991 in the same area shows about 25.000 Rusyns .	Plur
Stevens beat world record holder Lindberg by inches .	Sing
Stoner Creek Stud near Paris , Kentucky , became their most important breeding and training center .	Sing
Friend Edward Teller urged Hertz to orient his foundation to fund higher education .	Sing
Sopan ( 1277 A.D- 1296 A.D ) , attained samadhi at Saswad near Pune .	Plur
For information on the ancestors of reptiles , traditionally classified as labyrinthodont amphibians , see Reptiliomorpha ( reptile-like tetrapods ) .	Plur
As a consequence of economic hardship and political repression , an exodus of Poles saw 700,000 emigrate to the West between 1981 and 1989 .	Sing
In 1992 the Sejm declared the 1981 imposition of martial law to be unlawful and unconstitutional .	Sing
After leaving Hudson a second time , it enters Londonderry as Nashua Road , passing through a rural area near several farms and apple orchards .	Sing
They defeated Arn Anderson and Paul Roma at Fall Brawl 1993 to become WCW World Tag Team Champions .	Sing
In 1994 , they fought Cactus Jack and Maxx Payne in a series of wild brawls .	Sing
The ground floor walls have loopholes through which muskets could be fired , while the upper level had portholes for firing cannons .	Plur
The Friends of Fort Edgecomb celebrated the bicentennial of the fort on 13 June 2009 , on the grounds of the fort .	Sing
The DSM-5 ( Diagnostic and Statistical Manual ) and ICD-10 ( International Classification of Diseases ) do not include NLD as a diagnosis .	Plur
However , in November 1989 , Lockheed announced a cost overrun of $ 300 million due to the tight schedule and design problems .	Sing
It connects Laconia in the Lakes Region with Seabrook on the Atlantic coast .	Sing
These products are now considered collectibles .	Plur
At the industry 's peak in the area , 5,000 workers produced 1,500 million pen nibs per year .	Plur
The company also made shrouds .	Plur
It eventually became overrun with workshops and lost its exclusiveness as a residence towards the end of the 19th century .	Sing
In June 2018 , Savage joined the Arizona Hotshots of the Alliance of American Football as their general manager .	Plur
In Exeter , NH 108 meets NH 27 , NH 111 and NH 111A , forming a very brief overlap with the former two routes .	Sing
The road intersects NH 9 and NH 4 at Silver Street .	Sing
Before Mammy dies , she makes Rhett swear to look after Scarlett .	Sing
She convinces Rhett to take her for a sail on the harbour , where their boat capsizes during a terrible storm .	Sing
He wants Scarlett to bear his children after seeing Cat 's fiery spirit and fearlessness .	Sing
Dr. Mandrakis hires Clifford , now a private investigator , to find Duncan .	Sing
Tracy reluctantly accepts to be Clifford 's bait at the tavern that evening .	Sing
A re-titled cover of the Graham Nash song " Chicago " , it featured Chrissie Hynde and Bob Geldof , plus McKinnon himself .	Sing
Following a suggestion by his wife , Murray joined Pen Hadow for a trek to the Geographic South Pole .	Sing
In 1115 Ilghazi besieged Homs , but was captured briefly by its governor Khir-Khan .	Plur
War denied Swift several years of playing in his prime , though during wartime he was chosen to represent his country in international matches .	Sing
This led Swift to believe he would not be picked again , but with Langford unavailable due to a knee injury , Swift kept his place .	Sing
leading Swift to become one of several notable players to guest for the club .	Sing
The Jamaican company Lascelles supposedly manufactured the concentrate from which the liqueur was made , at least , up until the time it was sold by Pernod .	Sing
They discover two Ferengi ( who first appeared in the " " episode " " ) , pretending to be prophets to the native people .	Sing
In September 1909 , the Hungarians visited Lwów , winning 4 : 1 .	Sing
Also , in 1913 , the Austrian Football Federation added Pogoń to the first class teams .	Sing
The reverse depicts a prancing springbok against a landscape background , with the recipient 's name , rank , unit and number impressed on the edge .	Sing
His tackle total led all Broncos linemen .	Plur
His tackle total led all Denver linemen .	Plur
After entering Conway , NH 113 once again intersects NH 16 , this time forming a concurrency running through Conway Village .	Sing
Cleopatra IV married her brother Ptolemy IX when he was still a prince in c . 119 / 118 BC .	Sing
Typical offerings include cabarets , talent shows , dance venues ( restricted by age ) , a coffeehouse lounge and movie nights .	Plur
Command orders EDI to take the shot , but Gannon ignores the order and attacks in his own plane , successfully carrying out the strike .	Sing
Meanwhile , when Orbit places EDI into an interface , the AI expresses sadness and regret for its transgressions .	Plur
This allows Gannon and Wade to escape into South Korea , where they are found by US military forces soon afterwards .	Sing
Cohen cited Macross as an inspiration for the film .	Sing
Columbia preemptively sued Stoller , and the court entered a consent judgment and permanent injunction in favor of Columbia Pictures and against Stoller in November 2005 .	Sing
Alcatraz Island Lighthouse preceded Point Pinos by 8 months , but was replaced in 1909 by the expanding military prison .	Plur
Three-axle haulage chassis carried the name ' Searcher ' .	Sing
Three-axle heavy haulage tractor units carried the name ' Venturer ' .	Sing
A large independent which did buy some was Lancashire United Transport and SHMD bought some Alphas to go with their double-decker .	Sing
In 1970 , Seddon took over Atkinson Lorries to form Seddon Atkinson .	Sing
Twice honored as Detective of the Year , Paul also received the Quality and Productivity Commission Award from the City of Los Angeles .	Sing
Often design of a particular instrument involves trade-offs between ceiling effects and floor effects .	Plur
Simultaneously , the suit attacks Sol in real life while an in-game monster drags Sol 's video game character away .	Sing
Club " wrote , " Huang 's film intermittently qualifies as an intriguing experiment , but it quickly runs out of ideas and energy . "	Plur
The ozone oxidizes the sodium to form sodium peroxide .	Sing
Storks lack a pharynx and are mute .	Sing
In the 2002 mayoral election Baptiste faced two fellow councilmen , Democrats Ron Kouchi and Randal Valenciano .	Plur
Native Americans occupied the Southern California Bight before the arrival of Spanish explorers in the 16th century .	Sing
In 2013 to 2014 , scientists witnessed the largest die-off of sea stars ever recorded along the Pacific Coast .	Sing
Blue whales use the Southern California Bight as a part of their migratory routes .	Sing
Gwen meets Becky , and spins a lengthy romantic story about how they fell in love , which surprises and impresses Becky .	Sing
According to Rotten Tomatoes , the house featured in the film was designed by New York architects Trumbull & Associates .	Sing
He noticed Cyborg , who had been disguised , and asked about his identity .	Sing
The shocked girl recognizes her assailant , who proceeds to kill her brutally by slowly pressing her face against the red-hot surface of a burning furnace .	Sing
When Max and the other men from the agency were placed under arrest , Christina had murdered Greta to give Max an alibi for the previous killings .	Sing
An Italian-West German co-production , the film 's backers were expecting a routine murderer-on-the-loose yarn in the Edgar Wallace tradition .	Sing
The latter has seen Pemberton and his colleagues awarded a British Academy Television Award , a Royal Television Society Award , and a Golden Rose of Montreux .	Sing
In 2014 , he played Georgie Pillson in an adaptation of E.F. Benson 's " Mapp and Lucia " .	Sing
He then joined Madhouse as one of the four co-founders , and in the 1970s was promoted to animation director .	Sing
In one event , a civilization unearths an archeological relic that will eventually transform them into " god-like " beings .	Sing
On November 21 , 2015 " Galactic Civilizations II : Ultimate Edition " was released DRM-free and without product activation on the digital distribution website gog.com .	Sing
In 2005 , she wrote a six-issue , creator-owned miniseries for DC 's Wildstorm label titled " Matador " , illustrated by Brian Stelfreeze .	Sing
He served the Bourbon Restoration as councillor of state and a Peer of France .	Sing
The song was featured on Barnes & Barnes ' 1982 " Fish Heads ( Greatest Hits ) " 12-inch on Rhino Records .	Sing
He joined the land agents Messrs Shaw and Fuller of College Place , Derby , where one of the partners Mr. Fuller was his brother-in-law .	Plur
The Smallholders received the Ministries of Trade and Religion and Education in addition to the premiership , and the National Peasants Party receiving Agriculture and Construction .	Plur
Mediawan Thematics also distributed the Blue Water Studios dubs of " Dragon Ball " and " Dragon Ball GT " in Canada and Europe .	Plur
The following year they purchased their first two B-17 Flying Fortresses and changed their name to Aero Union .	Plur
As Governor of Virginia , McAuliffe issued a record 120 vetoes .	Plur
At Ayr , he faced very experienced hurdlers of the highest class .	Plur
In its ruling in support of the Massachusetts law , the Supreme Court identified two primary rationales .	Plur
The channel features rebroadcasts of famous sporting events , sports documentaries and sports-themed movies .	Plur
Using Krona 's innards to perform a blood ritual , Atrocitus sees many acts of evil across the universe .	Plur
Several members of the family became High Sheriffs of Monmouthshire .	Plur
In July 2000 Claus Grovdal , Kjetil Helland and Ricki Sickenger founded Razorwax AS in Oslo , Norway for the purpose of making online games .	Plur
Prior to Gotham , the campaign used the typeface Gill Sans in upper case and lower case .	Plur
In 1986 , the Bradleys developed B3R Country Meats in Childress .	Plur
" Busted Circuits and Ringing Ears	Plur
Busted Circuits and Ringing Ears is a documentary detailing the career of Seattle-based band Tad .	Plur
His first task was recruiting metallurgists , who were in great demand by the war effort .	Plur
The Galápagos hawk hunts marine iguanas , but can only do so when its quarry is vulnerable , during the breeding season .	Plur
Waders , which specialise in feeding on mud flats at low tide , include avocets , godwits , dowitchers and sanderlings .	Plur
Their electroweak theory postulated not only the W bosons necessary to explain beta decay , but also a new Z boson that had never been observed .	Plur
The , , and bosons , together with the photon ( ) , comprise the four gauge bosons of the electroweak interaction .	Plur
( 2011 ) , divided the caecilians into 9 families containing nearly 200 species .	Plur
Thus , Giddens conceives of the " duality of structure " as being :	Plur
Agents may modify schemas even though their use does not predictably accumulate resources .	Plur
The first disc contained 4hero Remixes , while the tracks on disc 2 are remixes of 4hero tracks by other artists .	Plur
McGoldrick was a founder-member of the Celtic rock band " Toss the Feathers " while still at school .	Plur
radio galaxies , BL Lac objects , quasars , blazars and recently also in some galactic sources called microquasars .	Plur
They also include constellations that are disregarded by the traditional zodiac , but are still in contact with the ecliptic .	Plur
Herodotus identified the Achaeans of the northern Peloponnese as descendants of the earlier , Homeric Achaeans .	Plur
Scholars have moreover suggested several completely lost trilogies derived from known play titles .	Plur
Augustine has influenced many modern-day theologians and authors such as John Piper .	Plur
The union of Ares and Aphrodite created the gods Eros , Anteros , Phobos , Deimos , Harmonia , and Adrestia .	Plur
Indexes are also called subscripts .	Plur
The relative ease of making reproductions has also encouraged many forgeries : a survey of expert opinion placed Rodin in the top ten most-faked artists .	Plur
This casualty toll makes the hijackings the most fatal in history .	Plur
Tukulti-Ninurta petitioned the god Shamash before beginning his counter offensive .	Plur
In the process he defeated the Elamites , who had themselves coveted Babylon .	Plur
A creditor could force debtors to work for him , but not sell them .	Plur
As such , people with jargon aphasia often use neologisms , and may perseverate if they try to replace the words they cannot find with sounds .	Plur
They donned the throwbacks again for 2 games in 2010 , against Baltimore and San Francisco , winning both of those games as well .	Plur
Nevertheless , many portions of the AppleTalk system have direct analogs in XNS .	Plur
Still lacking a DOS , and with Wozniak inexperienced in operating system design , Jobs approached Shepardson Microsystems with the project .	Plur
By the end of 1980 Apple had already sold over 100,000 Apple IIs .	Plur
Many businesses bought Apple IIs just to run VisiCalc .	Plur
In 2000 Williams put together four knockouts before fighting Mark Potter for the Commonwealth title and the vacant British title .	Plur
MetLife offers annuities which consist of fixed annuities , variable annuities , deferred annuities and immediate annuities .	Plur
He has also employed other supervillains , such as when he hired Anaconda as his academy 's calisthenics instructor .	Plur
The three townships and Waterdown were founding constituents of Wentworth County in 1816 .	Plur
He also persuaded the Cumans , who had in 1241 left Hungary , to return and settle in the plains along the River Tisza .	Plur
From 1986 Mercury operated public payphones in the UK , in competition with BT .	Plur
The area occupies 110th to 123rd Streets from Morningside Avenue to Morningside Drive at the border between Harlem and Morningside Heights .	Plur
It is also missing two folios which included about 10 psalms ( 15 : 1-25 : 1 ) .	Plur
The Aleppo codex lacks Lamentations in its entirety .	Plur
The kitchen garden includes glasshouses and frames , the large classical Orangery and quarters for the gardeners .	Plur
Investigators interviewed two eyewitnesses , and two other witnesses who immediately spoke with the unnamed woman .	Plur
To ensure compliance , the robbers confiscated the wallets of every employee and threatened their families ' lives if instructions were not followed .	Plur
Father Divine held free weekly banquets and helped newcomers find jobs .	Plur
Other methods involve analytic continuations of related series .	Plur
It measures 21.6 centimetres by 14 centimetres .	Plur
Folios 22-196 contain the Latin psalms written in a northern French script .	Plur
Some , such as the VW Beetle until 1949 – 1951 , had only single-acting shock absorbers , with no rebound damping .	Plur
As of January 2018 , the Forum had 147 member tax jurisdictions and the European Union .	Plur
The Forum had 32 member jurisdictions at its founding in 2000 , and 90 in September 2009 .	Plur
As of November 2015 , the Forum had 128 member tax jurisdictions and the European Union , and in January 2018 it had 147 members .	Plur
The cards showed labelled dissections , descriptive labels and came packaged with the stereoscopic viewer .	Plur
Jeremy Borash and David Penzer were ring announcers for the event .	Plur
Her parents enjoy watersports , and her brothers and twin sister were all windsurfing champions .	Plur
It features labelmates Curren $ y , Trademark Da Skydiver , Young Roddy and Mikey Rocks .	Plur
The receivers could use the signal timings to select chains , identify secondaries , and reject signals bounced off the ionosphere .	Plur
Omega 's charts quote accuracies of 2 to 4 nautical miles .	Plur
Most notably , John Urry divides mobilities into five types : mobility of objects , corporeal mobility , imaginative mobility , virtual mobility and communicative mobility .	Plur
Instead of statuses , it has “ chimes . ” " Chimes " are a cross between a Facebook status update and a blog post .	Plur
MICHELLE ( Mercury in a Clear Habitat Enclosure Leveraging Lorentz Excitation ) uses microfluidics to accurately move the robot through another fluidic medium .	Plur
EMMA has several iterations , iteration 1 and iteration 1.5 having been completed .	Plur
The Irish form of the Scottish Gaelic names is " Aengus " .	Plur
The Irish form of the Scottish Gaelic names is " Aengus " .	Plur
The film reunited Weisz and director Meirelles , who worked together on " The Constant Gardener " ( 2005 ) .	Plur
The film reunited Weisz and director Meirelles , who worked together on " The Constant Gardener " ( 2005 ) .	Plur
When he became president of ALA in 1994 he ran on the theme " Libraries : An American Value " platform .	Plur
Usually , all the locomotives in a Class would have either Afrikaans or English at the top of all their number plates .	Plur
" Lipstick Promises " debuted at number 75 on the U.S. " Billboard " Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of December 10 , 1994 .	Plur
About 4-7 % of non-small cell lung carcinomas ( NSCLC ) have EML4-ALK translocations .	Plur
Zeus follows the two crooks to their hotel room .	Plur
Idris / Hermes was termed " Thrice-Wise " Hermes Trismegistus because he had a threefold origin .	Plur
For a time , they appointed the Emirs of Mecca .	Plur
As Sunni power began to revive after 1058 , the Meccan emirs maintained an ambiguous position between the Fatimids and the Seljuks of Isfahan .	Plur
Their doctrine found few sympathisers in the Hejaz , and the Mufti of Mecca pronounced them heretics .	Plur
In 1943 , Odhavram supported Gandhi ’ s movement to accept the untouchables as part of the society .	Plur
Shortly after that , Mrs. Tupper had her first new acting role advertising Parker Pens .	Plur
The original version featured a bowed headed Madonna figure in colour reversed reds .	Plur
Speakers included local veterinarians from Paces Ferry Veterinary Clinic and trainers from K-9 Coach .	Plur
Speakers included veterinarians from Paces Ferry Veterinary Clinic and trainers from K-9 Coach .	Plur
Featured bands on the main stage include Apostles of Soul , Kurt Thomas , Cody Matlock , Yacht Rock Schooner and Chequered Blue .	Plur
In the late ninth and early tenth centuries the viscounts ( representatives of the counts ) usurped comital authority and made Anjou an autonomous hereditary principality .	Plur
Most of the leg skeleton has bony prominences and margins that can be palpated and some serve as anatomical landmarks that define the extent of the leg .	Plur
Another form of isometric exercise for the gastrocnemius would be seated calf raises which can be done with or without equipment .	Plur
Over time his technical knowledge increasingly influenced selectors .	Plur
For peers , see Forms of address in the United Kingdom .	Plur
A single ticket costs 10000 rials , with trains operating every 15 minutes .	Plur
also clean up ectoparasites in other fish , possibly another kind of mutualism .	Plur
This function can compute much larger factorials , such as 120 !	Plur
Infrared and ultraviolet studies of planetary nebulae allowed much more accurate determinations of nebular temperatures , densities and elemental abundances .	Plur
The female kermes scale causes galls to grow on kermes oak .	Plur
Thus , despite the diminished stature of Henry the Lion , Frederick did not gain his allegiances .	Plur
The historian Norman Cantor described Corpus Iuris Civilis ( Justinian Body of Civil Law ) as " the greatest legal code ever devised " .	Plur
E ♭ soprano cornets are sometimes used to supplement or replace the high woodwinds , while the mellophone often is used in place of the French horn .	Plur
The color guard of a marching band or drum and bugle corps may contain sabers , mock rifles , and tall flags .	Plur
From 1982 to 1997 , Beiner produced Friday Night Fights on the USA Network .	Plur
Qutlubugha gathered whatever army defectors he could muster , proclaimed Ahmad sultan and began initiatives to set up a bureaucratic administration for Ahmad .	Plur
He has also coached the USA Selects .	Plur
The available tools include saws , hammers , workbenches , and nails .	Plur
Karmin released their debut album " Pulses " through Epic Records on March 25 , 2014 .	Plur
These buses , however , only make pick-ups towards Freeport and drop-offs towards Jamaica within Queens .	Plur
Each of these have quadrant form hoods in galvanised iron .	Plur
Justin Leppitsch and Brad Scott announced their retirements during the season .	Plur
Maxillopoda includes barnacles , copepods and a number of related animals .	Plur
Lepidoptera comprises moths and butterflies .	Plur
Odonata includes dragonflies and damselflies .	Plur
Lepidoptera comprises moths and butterflies .	Plur
Odonata includes dragonflies and damselflies .	Plur
Maxillopoda includes barnacles , copepods and a number of related animals .	Plur
Lepidoptera comprises moths and butterflies .	Plur
Odonata includes dragonflies and damselflies .	Plur
Earlier that day , DJ Khaled played some snippets of one of the songs on the album on Snapchat , but only played Wayne 's verse .	Plur
Cypriniformes includes carps , minnows , loaches and relatives .	Plur
Cypriniformes includes carps , minnows , loaches and relatives .	Plur
Cypriniformes includes carps , minnows , loaches and relatives .	Plur
Syngnathiformes includes the pipefishes and seahorses .	Plur
Cypriniformes includes carps , minnows , loaches and relatives .	Plur
Syngnathiformes includes the pipefishes and seahorses .	Plur
Lepidoptera comprises moths and butterflies .	Plur
Odonata includes dragonflies and damselflies .	Plur
Lepidoptera comprises moths and butterflies .	Plur
Odonata includes dragonflies and damselflies .	Plur
Lepidoptera comprises moths and butterflies .	Plur
Odonata includes dragonflies and damselflies .	Plur
Lepidoptera comprises moths and butterflies .	Plur
Odonata includes dragonflies and damselflies .	Plur
Common solvents for the reaction include ethers , acetals , dimethylformamide , and dimethyl sulfoxide .	Plur
As with the majority of tower blocks in the UK , Grenfell Tower did not have fire sprinklers .	Plur
Judith Blakeman , a local Labour councillor , said the surges affected many appliances including fridges .	Plur
Like the vast majority of high-rise buildings in the UK , Grenfell Tower did not have sprinklers .	Plur
England , Wales and Scotland now require sprinklers to be installed in newly-built tall buildings , but there is no requirement to fit them in existing buildings .	Plur
With Danny Flores , they co-managed The Champs .	Plur
Although many of these were recovered in 1994 and 1998 , the famous head of Telephus , a masterpiece by Scopas , remains stolen .	Plur
Initiation used to take place there and people were marked musing the stones called the cairns that made sure that people got initiated .	Plur
It also adds white lilies to symbolise Mary 's virginity .	Plur
AOBiome is developing topical biologics for the treatment of inflammatory conditions , specifically looking at the therapeutic properties of ammonia-oxidizing bacteria .	Plur
Keyes and Shane Lopez illustrate the four typologies of mental health functioning : flourishing , struggling , floundering and languishing .	Plur
He explains " eight hugs a day , you 'll be happier , and the world will be a better place " .	Plur
Based on political affiliation , some studies argue conservatives , on average , are happier than liberals .	Plur
Contreiras received 30 thousand reais , distributed over three years , in wheat and money , for the work .	Plur
We 're talking billionaires here , and really , how can you argue with success ? "	Plur
On 11 October 2015 , Norrie won the USA Futures F29 at Mansfield , Texas , and became ranked 706 .	Plur
Slotkin has two stepdaughters , one an Army officer , and the other a physician .	Plur
He and some companions were given shovels and ordered to dig graves , while other members of his group stomped on graves containing freshly killed bodies .	Plur
Saunders studied econometrics at the London School of Economics ( LSE ) .	Plur
Many descendants of this family became great imams of the Al-Zaytuna Mosque such as .	Plur
" Get Up " features old school vibes in the form of vintage house chords while the cheerful chorus will light up any dance floor .	Plur
This supports oppositional or divided groupings , from which emerged in the 19th century the two-party political system in the UK , and its dominions and colonies .	Plur
These maps allow first responders to target heavily damaged area .	Plur
The Paragons opened for the Hollies and Herman 's Hermits when those bands played in Charlotte .	Plur
Scoria layers at Toro 1 have thicknesses of .	Plur
Plamen Lipenski has 196 Appearances and scored 46 goals for Beroe Stara Zagora .	Plur
In March and April , Hostak scored second-round knockouts of Johnny Sikes and Young Terry .	Plur
Most of the Dutch original material appears to be derived from William Henry ’ s 1799 " Elements of Experimental Chemistry " .	Plur
We will aid the Negroes to rise in prominence in every walk of life , in the professions and in the world of sports and entertainment .	Plur
During her time as part of the P & O Ferries fleet " Pride of Bilbao " received many refurbishments with a major refit in 2002 .	Plur
Together with Adrian Edmondson , Donockley founded the band The Bad Shepherds in 2008 , performing punk and new wave classics on folk instruments .	Plur
They would also bring out Norwegians who feared arrest by the Germans .	Plur
The film was eventually called " The Wonders of Skiing " ( 1920 ) and was an instant success .	Plur
Officials examined past ice jams and provided contingency plans if the Floodway jammed upstream of bridges or on tight corners .	Plur
It lacks any laterals ( ' l ' -sounds ) .	Plur
He composed verse synopses on " Ramayana " and " Mahabharata " at the age of nine .	Plur
The resultant images created distortions of the Highland Landscape , drawing their influence from artists such as William Daniell .	Plur
At the direction of the company ’ s leadership , MVM has removed job postings related to readiness operations under the current zero tolerance policy .	Plur
They despise cyborgs and use them to fight in the Go-Machine tournament .	Plur
He staged two tragedies with girl students of the school where he taught painting .	Plur
Our delegations on the spot are seeking urgent clarifications " .	Plur
Jeanne Paquin was born Jeanne Marie Charlotte Beckers in 1869 .	Plur
Initially , Jeanne favored the pastels in fashion at the time .	Plur
In the mid-1970s , he diversified into session work , including with Kevin Ayers , Café Jacques , Penguin Cafe Orchestra , The Buzzcocks .	Plur
The snow storm did not stop the RedHawks from their first victory of the season .	Plur
Miami 's defense and special teams provided the RedHawks with scoring opportunities .	Plur
Even with Robinsons strong performance , Western Michigan 's defense dominated Miami 's running game limiting the RedHawks to only 93 total yards rushing .	Plur
It covers the entire Western Visayas ( Region 6 ) , Romblon and parts of Cebu .	Plur
CMJ magazine referred J Mascis ' as a " guitar god " through his work with this song .	Plur
In 1914 he accepted directorships in the New York Central and Nickel Plate railroads .	Plur
Little by little , the side facing the audience disappears , revealing the interior of the monster , Pierrot within , having fainted away .	Plur
Howard wrote " Infernal Poetics : Poetic Structures in Blake 's Lambeth Prophecies " and " Blake 's Milton : A Study in the Selfhood " .	Plur
Initially FIE qualified 54 fencers based on the results of 2010 Cadet World Championships in Baku with 1 more entry in each weapon reserved for a host country	Plur
After World War I broke out in 1914 Hipper led his battlecruisers on several raids against the English coastal towns .	Plur
Hipper 's force included the battlecruisers , , and , his flagship , and the large armored cruiser , along with four light cruisers .	Plur
Hipper immediately turned his battlecruisers towards the gunfire , when , almost simultaneously , spotted a large amount of smoke to the northwest of her position .	Plur
During this portion of the battle , Hipper 's ships destroyed the battlecruisers and .	Plur
SSG Giunta has earned 4 Overseas Service Bars and 2 service stripes .	Plur
Rodeo cowboys then stampede the herd , firing blank gunshots .	Plur
In 2009 acts in The Turbine Hall included The Goodies ( UK ) , Alexei Sayle ( UK ) and Allah Made Me Funny ( USA ) .	Plur
Cant hired two carpenters , Andrew Cress and Clarence Bisbee , to oversee construction of the house .	Plur
" Refait l 'Ancien dans la matinée . "	Plur
In the threefold ceremony , practitioners will confess their wrongdoings and rejoice in the goodness that others have done .	Plur
In 1999 she released ' Transformations ' with the Russian violinist Roman Mints .	Plur
By the sixteenth century it had a glassworks and in the nineteenth century was connected to towns by rails .	Plur
Born in Oxford , Haynes started out at Oxford City before joining Arsenal aged 21 in 1928 .	Plur
The below tables displays the suffix paradigms , as outlined in .	Plur
The next table of noun declensions shows the above suffix paradigms in action .	Plur
Ambleny is located 8 km west of Soissons and 20 km east of Compiegne .	Plur
All three had saved 10 escapees from the " Judenlager of Mazures " who hid for a time at Buirefontaine .	Plur
This includes State Dinners , official dinners , and private entertaining by the First Family .	Plur
The list also includes some economic sociologists who have written from a Marxian perspective .	Plur
From 1972 to 1974 , Taiwan dominated the LLWS , outscoring their opponents 112 – 2 .	Plur
Of all of them , I preferred the hippies , because they were the most fun .	Plur
He started Eighteen Chefs along similar lines , and is now the director of the company in 2015 .	Plur
However , excessive mass can also slow plate tectonics because of increased pressure and viscosity of the mantle , which hinders the sliding of the lithosphere .	Plur
A planetary body close to 2 or 3M should have longer-lasting plate tectonics and also will have a larger surface area in comparison to Earth .	Plur
The Alliance will release new video codecs as free software under the BSD 2-Clause License .	Plur
Like corals , anemone 's contain intracellular endosymbionts , zooxanthellae , and can suffer from bleaching due to triggers such as increased water temperature or acidification .	Plur
KeyRaider affects only iPhones that have been jailbroken .	Plur
The band performed " Buses and Trains " on Sunrise on 5 May 2011 .	Plur
They released their first single " Buses and Trains " in 1998 which peaked at number 4 in Australia .	Plur
Wazir Khan met the Sikhs just outside Anandpur on the bank of river Satluj at Nirmohgarh .	Plur
He has a twin brother Wim .	Plur
It has marmosets carved half way up the shaft of the cross and at the top the crucifix is reversed with a depiction of the resurrected Jesus .	Plur
They also sent spies upon a Japanese armory depot in Xiyingwu , disguised as supplying Collaborrators .	Plur
Haukenes hails from Paradis , Bergen .	Plur
During their journey , Tatars had short stopovers at post stations where they would change horses , rest and eat .	Plur
The cones have generated basaltic-andesitic lavas with SiO of 54.5 % -59.65 % .	Plur
It has erupted highly derived magmas , including trachytes and latites .	Plur
He blamed the desertions on the inexperience of his officers , many of whom were amongst the deserters .	Plur
The integers typically represent iterations of a loop nest or elements of an array .	Plur
The types of equipment include : microcontrollers , signage & displays , hand tools , and power tools .	Plur
He was also to excavate the Roman pottery kilns at Swanpool and South Carlton .	Plur
He also hit a league-leading 14 batsmen with pitches .	Plur
Injured , Loverboy overpowers and begins to strangle her , but she ends up clubbing him to death with the camera .	Plur
Materials include polymers , responsive hydrogels , shape memory polymers and bio-materials .	Plur
Radicals connect monomers together to begin the polymerization process .	Plur
All firearms may have compensators , ports and / or any number of optical sights .	Plur
During the 2017 season , the Lions moved Diggs to the safety position .	Plur
The Detroit Lions selected Diggs in the sixth round ( 200th overall ) of the 2015 NFL Draft .	Plur
After her athletics career , she took up lawn bowls and has been the AUSRAPID Women 's Open champion several times .	Plur
Taji Mustafa brought further denials that his website has hate speech .	Plur
Each of the seventh place finishes won 13s 4d .	Plur
Gangadharpur-Jangalpara Road is connected SH 15 .	Plur
Other elements include putti playing the flute and fighting off the birds .	Plur
Remain grounded in your values so that you never forget who you serve or why you come to work . ”	Plur
All fish perceive odors though nostril-like structures called nares .	Plur
On 11 January 1884 , Smith married Annie Coles and together had one son and four daughters .	Plur
As of April 2014 , it had sold 10,000 pre-orders .	Plur
Archeological finds have indicated the presence of Stone Age " Homo sapiens " hunter-gatherers in Uttar Pradesh between around 85 and 73 thousand years old .	Plur
Williamson lost both stirrups and even touched the ground with his feet , but Manifesto was able to gather himself and continue with his jockey intact .	Plur
Chad Childers from " Loudwire " commented that the meaning of the video is left open to the viewer 's interpretation .	Plur
Knebel played for the Class-A West Michigan Whitecaps , the Double-A Erie SeaWolves and the Triple-A Toledo Mud Hens before being called up by the Tigers .	Plur
Housing styles include bungalows , Cape Cod houses , colonial houses , and Tudor houses .	Plur
They include three Carolinas Amateurs , six Southern Amateurs , the PGA Tour World Match Play Championship , and the 1980 USGA Amateur .	Plur
Also , HarborCenter features a flagship Tim Hortons that pays tribute to Tim Horton , the Buffalo Sabres , and the former Buffalo Memorial Auditorium .	Plur
Each episode includes reenactments , archival photos and interviews that depict the rise and demise of mob families from the first-person point of view .	Plur
However , over the final ten minutes he scored 11 , including two important threes , helping Butler to a 68 – 56 victory .	Plur
" EGM note 29 " Experts also identified emerging contexts and issues that have an impact on violence against women and girls .	Plur
She also appeared in a party scene in Kansas City native Robert Altman 's 1957 film " The Delinquents " .	Plur
He included primates and feral children as material .	Plur
The Jacobins clubs of Spire renewed the denunciations of Landau .	Plur
Attracted to Ann , Don waits for her to finish work and approaches her .	Plur
Vegetation communities include vine thickets , eucalypt and angophora woodlands and open forest , brigalow and belah , as well as grasslands .	Plur
Macallum trained many biochemists during his time at the University of Toronto , including U of T 's first Ph.D. candidate , F.H .	Plur
This permits sufferers of angelosis , a stigmatized disease which causes angel wings to sprout from people 's backs , to hide their affliction .	Plur
Other Tang pagodas include three one-story pavilion style brick pagodas , each about 10 m ( 32 ft ) high .	Plur
The " Athina B " left the Azores on 11 December 1979 laden with 3,000 tonnes of pumice .	Plur
He also coached West Torrens to a premiership in 1933 and the short lived merged Port Adelaide-West Torrens Football Club to a premiership during World War II .	Plur
At that point in the season , Birnbacher sat 52 points off Fourcade and 27 pts behind Emil Hegle Svendsen of Norway .	Plur
In 1813 , he married Ann Charters .	Plur
It thus has eight just intonation triads where each triad has two notes in common with three of the other chords .	Plur
The Kansas City Wiz of the outdoor Major League Soccer selected Bowers in the third round ( 26th overall ) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft .	Plur
The Baltimore Blast selected Bowers in the dispersal draft .	Plur
Around the same time , he also requested the resignations of seven senior officials in the Ministry .	Plur
Hoel exercised authority " jure uxoris " and continued to control the government after her death in 1072 acting as regent for their son , Alan IV .	Plur
When the three men were executed by hanging , the Irgun killed the two sergeants and hanged their booby-trapped bodies in a eucalyptus grove near Netanya .	Plur
Trying to maintain control and civil order ( a Mandate requirement if nothing else ) , the British enacted the Defence Emergency Regulations in September 1945 .	Plur
To the queen 's right stood the countess of Oxford and to her left , Elizabeth Somerset .	Plur
Publications arising from his residency include " Crumbs on a Page " ( 2009 ) , and " Pages Held With Words " ( 2011 ) .	Plur
In this capacity he participated in the campaigns for Belarus , the Baltics and East Prussia .	Plur
At Caruncho agricultural estate , pure planes and individual objects establish orientations that extend far beyond the given site and time . " "	Plur
Under his chairmanship , the commission made public 42 volumes of " Denkmäler deutscher Tonkunst " ( " Monuments of German musical art " ) .	Plur
They are medium-sized dragonflies with bronze-black colouring and pale markings .	Plur
However , before either was completed , the ZETA team at Harwell had already achieved stable plasmas in August 1957 .	Plur
Kaupthing 's lawyers have threatened WikiLeaks with legal action , citing banking privacy laws .	Plur
On 25 November 2009 , WikiLeaks released 570,000 intercepts of pager messages sent on the day of the September 11 attacks .	Plur
Room in the Hôtel des Princes , Meek Street < br >	Plur
Navarro was offering shavings from the rock for $ 300,000 on eBay .	Plur
Juveniles have a white supercilium and white lores .	Plur
In ancient times public bathing included saunas , massages and relaxation therapies , comparable to today 's spas .	Plur
After Japan imported Buddhist culture , many temples had saunas , which were available for anyone to use for free .	Plur
Debtors then became landless or land-poor sharecroppers and labourers , usually working the same fields they had once owned .	Plur
It has no additional seasonings baked into it , aside from the sesame seeds .	Plur
The college offers Minors in the following areas :	Plur
The college has three Certificate Programs :	Plur
Dybenko personally led the purges in the Leningrad military district in 1936-1937 .	Plur
To make 4 servings combine 4 cups of water , 1 cup of Red River Cereal and 1 / 4 t. salt ( optional ) .	Plur
Both technologies involve transducers that are simply clamped on to the pipe and programmed with the pipe size and schedule and can be used to calculate flow .	Plur
Contains the Adelaide Golf Links .	Plur
Contains two small ovals , surrounded by wooded park .	Plur
These cells process antigens and present them to T-cells .	Plur
In 2012 , Savage featured on the Jade Louise single " Vibrations " which was the theme song for the television series " The GC " .	Plur
" The Green Pastures " also featured numerous African-American spirituals arranged by Hall Johnson and performed by The Hall Johnson Choir .	Plur
The menu consisted of Coney Island hot dogs and loose hamburgers with a few snacks and beverages .	Plur
Metropolitan Baking Company which is based in Hamtramck , Michigan , supplies the buns .	Plur
Leo 's uses buns from the Metropolitan Baking Company and the coney sauce is their own recipe manufactured by The Milton Chili Company located in Madison Heights .	Plur
After Balderus ' death Odin consulted seers on how to get revenge .	Plur
The representation of Africa , therefore , reveals the continual Western legacies of the colonial past and the struggles embedded in the countries .	Plur
He also won six other major Group One ( G1 ) Sprints in 2004 and 2005 .	Plur
Late Miocene strata near Maragheh have produced rich harvests of vertebrate fossils for European and North American museums .	Plur
( See external Links below for project status )	Plur
In " Summa Theologiae " II.II , Thomas Aquinas asserts the following correspondences between the seven Capital Virtues and the seven Gifts of the Holy Spirit :	Plur
The chasing team sends chasers who hop on one foot and try to tag the defenders .	Plur
The course comprises 8 simple workbooks , which are accessible to persons with a grade 6 level of literacy :	Plur
In 1998 he completed the project Celebrities , about the fashion world .	Plur
After Hill left the team to join Lotus in 1967 , Coombs hired Piers Courage who drove a McLaren M4A .	Plur
His mother and maternal grandfather , Landgrave Charles I of Hesse-Kassel , protested in vain to the States-General , executors of William III 's will .	Plur
His " Revolt of the Masses " inspired more Filipinos to begin their struggle for freedom from Spain .	Plur
The MoI added they arrested 20 individuals , among them 8 fugitives .	Plur
These animals usually grow embedded in sponges .	Plur
At a meeting of all the parties and their lawyers , she makes her revelations .	Plur
In addition , the vocals have drastically changed , the high pitched shrieks heard on the early albums are completely replaced by lower deathlike growls .	Plur
In 2011 he joined Stoke Potters and by the end of the season his Greensheet Average had risen to 6.30 .	Plur
It also supports breeding meadow pipits , kestrels , reed buntings , whitethroats , willow warblers and green woodpeckers .	Plur
A midtempo funky-drummer beat glides underneath the melancholy , reverberating piano notes , while a deep , mushrooming bass tone threatens to swallow everything .	Plur
Rafael Nadal defeated Gaël Monfils , 6 – 1 , 7 – 5	Plur
A corridor along the centre of the locomotive connected the cabs .	Plur
A corridor along the centre of the locomotive connected the cabs , which were identical apart from the fact that the handbrake was located in cab 2 .	Plur
A corridor along the centre of the locomotive connected the cabs , which were identical apart from the fact that the handbrake was located in cab 2 .	Plur
Some 600 homes in Chetumal suffered inundations of up to 4.9 ft ( 1.5 m ) , forcing hundreds of residents to evacuate .	Plur
On August 30 , 2019 , Six Flags announced the Six Flags SkyScreamer .	Plur
When Carson was ready to move against Canyon de Chelly , Barboncito 's men ran off all the army mules .	Plur
The Danbury Titans replaced the Whalers in the FHL in the 2015 – 16 season but would also fold after two seasons	Plur
It has a very rare but attractive gemstones and cat 's eye .	Plur
This article lists medical eponyms which have been associated with Nazi human experimentation or Nazi politics .	Plur
He also made his " Bonkers " debut in 2003 on " " with his track " No More Jokin ' " .	Plur
In 1887 , the town had 28 tanneries .	Plur
All other countries are giving inducements to companies and to players ; even a little country like Israel is trying to formulate a plan for subsidies .	Plur
During 1991 , the band released their third album " Hollywood Vampires " on Polydor Records .	Plur
A few months later Smith revisited the South Shetlands to land on King George Island on 16 October 1819 and claim possession for Britain .	Plur
This condition may affect toenails or fingernails , but toenail infections are particularly common .	Plur
Instead , DNMT3L assists the " de novo " methyltransferases by increasing their ability to bind to DNA and stimulating their activity .	Plur
Several years later , Janis found the same two waltzes in different versions at Yale University .	Plur
The Richard Bradshaw Amphitheatre in the City Room links Rings 3 and 4 .	Plur
Jeanne Paquin concealed pleats in her hobble skirts while other designers such as Lucile offered slit or wrap skirts .	Plur
Imagine only retail " depositors " on one end , and S & P 500 corporations borrowing through the commercial paper market on the other .	Plur
These risks include substantial interconnectedness between and among money market participants , and various other substantial systemic risks factors .	Plur
The baffles-clearing maneuvers undertaken by Soviet Yankee-class submarines were dubbed " Yankee Doodles . "	Plur
These fish have relatively long intestines due to their usually herbivorous or detrivorous diets .	Plur
Scientific disciplines frequently divide the particulars they study into " kinds " and theorize about those kinds .	Plur
The structures include teahouses , " shoin " , and guest or reception halls .	Plur
The " wholesale option " includes both conservatives and liberals who are optimistic that government action can solve the underclass problem .	Plur
Artificial gravity , in contrast , would remove the weightlessness inherent with space travel .	Plur
Sufficiently powerful magnets require either expensive cryogenics to keep them superconductive or several megawatts of power .	Plur
The NBL contains full-sized mock-ups of the Space Shuttle cargo bay , flight payloads , and the International Space Station ( ISS ) .	Plur
" Henry Ferrers , 2nd Baron Ferrers of Groby	Plur
All , except Lucky , passed the Boot Evaluations in Episode 1 .	Plur
Christian Chapel ( Central Christian Church ) helped organized other Disciples of Christ congregations in Indianapolis .	Plur
The EOS M100 also uses the Dual Pixel CMOS autofocus system .	Plur
" Nerdist " gave it 4 out of 5 burned heart burritos .	Plur
NoMBe has had multiple syncs in the TV series Ballers .	Plur
In 1795 Claude Périer obtained 27.5 " deniers " of the Anzin Mining Company during a financial reorganization .	Plur
During the 1980s and early 1990s West African hairstyles began to regain their fame , including : braids , twists , cornrows , and much more .	Plur
He issued five ejections during his career , including future Hall of Fame inductee Sam Crawford in May 1907 .	Plur
Kellow 's son Harry married Barbara Sams in 1948 while he was a medical resident at the hospital in Maitland , New South Wales .	Plur
He issued 11 ejections during that season , including New York Giants manager John McGraw twice in two days at the end of July .	Plur
Fossils of some of these ancient animals include : brachiopods , horn corals , sponge coral , crinoids or gastropods .	Plur
Jonas ’ second task pits the Racers against the Tanks to retrieve a guidestone from the Graywater family .	Plur
A roof with multiple breaks or tiers has identical " hang hong " finials at the bottom of each section .	Plur
Lizzie resents Nell for not telling her about the diagnosis .	Plur
He was lashed 110 lashes until he agreed .	Plur
These renovations costed 2,300 liras .	Plur
She made delicious cookies from U.S. Department of Agriculture peanut butter .	Plur
Several members have become professional Scouters and one cannot enter a city , town or community without finding someone that has been touched by the Lodge .	Plur
One had 9 pounders , two had 6 pounders and one had 3 pounders .	Plur
Both heroes and villains are described through free-form traits , called Aspects .	Plur
Buffalo Stamping Plant manufactures sheetmetal stampings and welded sub-assemblies for Ford Motor Company 's automotive car and truck assembly plants in the USA , Canada and Mexico .	Plur
Examples of group communication systems include IS-IS , JGroups , Spread Toolkit , Appia framework , QuickSilver , and the group services component of IBM 's RSCT .	Plur
In one of his more unusual antics , Snyder compelled city custodians in March 1975 to remove a door to a private restroom used by Commissioner Rosenthal .	Plur
The younger brother of Pedro Coronel , Rafael felt artistic inclinations since his earliest years .	Plur
At night , guests can hear loons calling in the distance , and wolves and coyotes howling .	Plur
Often he threatens and coaxes them into doing work for him but invariably gets busted .	Plur
The Copperheads had told Hines to wait until that time , as they said that 50,000 Copperheads would be there for the event .	Plur
Ma Lin 's nephew , Ma Bufang , the governor of Qinghai , persecuted the new Salafi Wahhabis .	Plur
Ma Fuxiang , as supervisor in Suiyuan , sent telegrams regarding the uniting of Rehe and Chahar for defense purposes from January – September 1924 .	Plur
Manrico often physically torments his brother , including stuffing his head in the barrel under the drain pipe of their house .	Plur
Also Forrester used four fixed eccentrics , rather than two loose ones , to operate the valve gear .	Plur
The girls ' teams were once called the Atoms before the short-lived athletics-only consolidation with Alta from 1990-1996 .	Plur
It also features several microphones , lights , and an array of other sensors .	Plur
Nearby places include Staples , Motley , Cushing , and Browerville .	Plur
The few hills thus excluded were covered later in his supplementary volume , The Outlying Fells of Lakeland ( 1974 ) .	Plur
First comes Haystacks , Wainwright 's favourite fell and the resting place of his ashes .	Plur
Ennerdale almost bisects the Western Fells , but access for cars barely penetrates the valley .	Plur
The capstone rests on nine uprights and there is a curved , 4.6 metre long entrance passageway .	Plur
In 2012 he founded the Oslo-based production company Curry Film AS .	Plur
Later prisoners included 1836 , Communards and members of the French Resistance , among others .	Plur
As Bishop of Whithorn , Ninian attended the parliaments of 1459 , 1462 , 1467 , 1476 and that of 1 June 1478 .	Plur
Variations include vanilla wafers , vanilla pudding , and cream cheese pudding in the recipe .	Plur
Barat College had dorms for students and boasted an observatory where students could use a telescope for astronomical projects .	Plur
This will enable verifications of individuals in the remotest parts of Pakistan .	Plur
McCoy 's professional record according to one source : 157 bouts — won 99 ( 26 KOs ) , lost 40 , no-decisions 18 .	Plur
The wings have short petioles and are relatively broad close to the base .	Plur
Topical treatment includes regimens of ice to cool the breasts .	Plur
In 1981 , he wrote " Sentimental Imperialists : The American Experience in East Asia " , along with co-authors Peter W. Stanley and John Curtis Perry .	Plur
By 1872 , Amstel was annually producing 10,000 hectoliters ( 220,000 imp gallons ) .	Plur
Atlanta had baserunners throughout the rest of the game , but could not get a clutch hit as the Phillies hung on to win 2 – 1 .	Plur
Silver Lake does not have salt crusts , like Soda Lake does , because the groundwater is deeper .	Plur
This means fishers targeting gummy shark cannot have an adverse impact on the school shark population .	Plur
Taming Exotic Beauties : Swedish Hydro Power Constructions in Tanzania in the Era of Development Assistance , 1960s - 1990s , Stockholm , 2007 , PhD Thesis ,	Plur
They invited Al Minns to Stockholm , where he held a dance workshop in 1984 for the newly created Swedish Swing Society .	Plur
Phelps later married Electa Satterlee Phelps .	Plur
He is called Dimitris or Takis for short .	Plur
All this madness drives the already neurotic Spyros almost crazy .	Plur
Shorter PAX3 isoforms include mRNAs that skip exon 8 ( PAX3g and PAX3h ) and mRNAs containing 4 or 5 exons ( PAX3a and PAX3b ) .	Plur
The janissaries , under the command of Mihaloğlu Ali Bey , pursued the Wallachians and killed 1,000-2,000 of them .	Plur
Events in Czechoslovakia have with most Norwegians not only aroused sadness and anger - but also anxiety and a feeling of discomfort .	Plur
Wilson immediately stops the take , enthusiastically declares " That was a good mistake !	Plur
The Beach Boys ' recording of " He Gives Speeches " was then issued as a bonus track for " The Smile Sessions " in 2011 .	Plur
He encounters poachers and government corruption blocking his quest for wildlife preservation .	Plur
In the Round of 16 , Sydney FC defeated fellow Sydney club Bankstown Berries 3 – 0 .	Plur
These chest insignias do not include the beret , military patches and artillery batteries insignias of the Mounted Saharan Company of the Legion ..	Plur
On 3 October 1997 Wagin inflamed 999 torches , which recreated the course of the Berlin Wall .	Plur
He also forbade Savoyard noblewomen from marrying foreigners or Protestants , so that estates of Savoy remained in Savoy 's hands .	Plur
It includes the middle and lower Paraná floodplains , and those of the Paraguay River , a major tributary of the Paraná .	Plur
Other teachers initially mistook the gunshots as loud noises being caused by a maintenance crew working nearby .	Plur
That same month , the company acquired Northwest Physicians Network , a Tacoma , Washington-based physician association with more than 1,000 primary and specialty-care physicians .	Plur
Leslie Allen / Mima Jaušovec defeated Rosemary Casals / Wendy Turnbull 6 – 4 , 6 – 0	Plur
Halvorsen piloted C-47s and C-54s during the Berlin airlift ( " Operation Vittles " ) .	Plur
Their success caused queues around the block , until Banducci moved the hungry i to the nearby International Hotel on Jackson Street in 1954 .	Plur
It also hosts over 100 K-12 Yeshivas , which are non-profit private independent schools , with an enrollment of over 30,000 .	Plur
Indian women have traditionally worn saris that bare the midriff , especially South Indian women .	Plur
He also played the villainous General Peter McAllister in the 1987 buddy cop action film , " Lethal Weapon . "	Plur
While Anderson was working at AT & T , Smith was working on his debut movie " Clerks " .	Plur
The North American release from Capcom was titled Buster Bros ..	Plur
South Ridge Quad B at the main base utilizes loading and unloading conveyors .	Plur
Quality foam sofa bed mattresses compress as needed , the foam acting like an infinite number of springs .	Plur
So Johnny invites the Sprites to dinner .	Plur
She meets the Sprites later , after the spell is broken .	Plur
Such markings might include pleats , darts , buttonholes , notches or placement lines for appliques or pockets .	Plur
park offers campers of all types a tranquil , natural tree-filled setting .	Plur
NMHS has three sub-schools ; Blue , Red and Gold .	Plur
Sinfield 's kick added the Extras so once again England had the lead at 16-14 .	Plur
It had 50 slipways , seven wet docks and a detention basin .	Plur
Dorothy Moskowitz and Joseph Byrd collaborated as lyricists on the album for most of the songs .	Plur
By 1980 , banners reading " disco sucks " were seen everywhere and disco records became flops .	Plur
The messages often included impersonations of celebrities and local figures .	Plur
However , the band had many lineups along its career .	Plur
It has two hip roof rear ells .	Plur
The NeoReach search engine includes over 3,000,000 influencers , to date .	Plur
The format of the show involves achievers on various fields , primarily from Karnataka , being invited and the story of their life being told .	Plur
They finished off the Winter Meetings by trading pitcher Andre Rienzo to Miami for pitcher Dan Jennings .	Plur
In the pantry , Gabriel hurriedly fills crates with food and weapons .	Plur
Finally , Jadis signals the scavengers to lower their weapons .	Plur
" Laserpitium siler " produces compound umbels of white five-stellate flowers .	Plur
Overall , " P. occidentalis " have a very high relatedness .	Plur
As stated previously , this increases genetic relatedness among the colony members because overtime , as the queens die , fewer queens produce offspring .	Plur
Mantids and robber flies prey on foragers who are trying to gather resources .	Plur
The " Polistes nimpha " also have specialized foragers : those who collect and those who utilize .	Plur
They can attract other foundresses , and they are vulnerable to attracting predators .	Plur
This movement may enable sexual pheromones to be deposited over territorial perches .	Plur
The team was once again renamed the Mansfield Reformers in 1910 and the Mansfield Brownies in 1911 .	Plur
The Storm beat the Mudcats in the latter 's inaugural game on May 1 , 2010 .	Plur
Using JPL Horizons , the barycentric orbital elements for epoch 2014-Jan-01 generate a semi-major axis of about 1200 AU and a period of about 42,000 years .	Plur
Volunteers pack Food Paks on an assembly line , as well as bag bulk food , wrap toys , and sort donated product .	Plur
She can also extend her fingernails to stab or impale targets .	Plur
Apparently he removed Kagura 's lower molars three years ago , but did it as slow as he could so he could see Kagura writhing in pain .	Plur
Wagshum Gobaze was immediately crowned Emperor Takla Giyorgis at Gondar .	Plur
The book also discusses industrial mercury poisonings , such as those in Minamata , Japan , in the 1950s and Ontario , Canada , in the 1970s .	Plur
It has four moults as a male before changing sexes to become a euhermaphrodite .	Plur
The male will then ' taste ' the female 's contact pheromones with his aesthetascs to make sure she is a suitable mate .	Plur
Maryvale 's staff includes six National Board Certified Teachers .	Plur
The album includes 12 chart-toppers from the decade .	Plur
NASIG has also published Core Competencies for Print Serials Management , which came out of discussions about competencies for electronic resources and serials .	Plur
" T. ovis " females have everted vaginas , while those of " T. discolor " do not .	Plur
The room has two exposed air conditioning ducts running its length and a suspended track lighting system .	Plur
Birds include woodpeckers and nuthatches .	Plur
Supporters received perks including archival prints from Sonic the Hedgehog character designer Naoto Ohshima .	Plur
Mexico 's main exports to Afghanistan include : refrigerators , beer , plastic and silicone .	Plur
Exceptionally , the paintings in the church in Pohl-Göns only show apostles and evangelists .	Plur
She follows drug addicts around the hotel , such as Gabriel , where she uses The Addiction Demon to enact the consequences of their addiction .	Plur
While doing so , Liz encounters her two coworkers , who threaten to expose her while hurling homophobic slurs .	Plur
The nineteenth annual Famous Idaho Potato Bowl pitted the Akron Zips of the Mid-American Conference against the Utah State Aggies of the Mountain West Conference .	Plur
The Arizona Bowl , new for 2015 , had tie-ins with Conference USA ( C-USA ) and the Mountain West Conference .	Plur
Pig and calf raising became important adjuncts to the dairying industry , utilising skim milk and later buttermilk from the factories , as stock feed .	Plur
It has timber battens surrounding the base above which the walls are lined with vertical corrugated iron sheeting .	Plur
The smaller heads , # 3 – 7 have small perforations on their sides .	Plur
Head # 3 has perforations that measure approximately 5 mm in diameter on both sides of the neck toward the lower portion of the hatched rings .	Plur
This head has perforations that measure approximately 5 mm in diameter on both sides of the neck toward the lower portion of the hatched rings .	Plur
This head has perforations that measure approximately 5 mm in diameter on both sides of the neck toward the lower portion of the hatched rings .	Plur
This head has perforations that measure approximately 5 mm in diameter on both sides of the neck toward the lower portion of the hatched rings .	Plur
This head has perforations that measure approximately 5 mm in diameter on both sides of the neck toward the lower portion of the hatched rings .	Plur
He has dual Kazakhstani and Russian nationalities , acquiring the second after moving to Kazan .	Plur
( 5 ) To other beneficiaries were given legacies out of the fifty pounds due to him by William Usher	Plur
The quartet reflect the hopelessness felt as their friends die and the country does little to counteract a " gay " disease .	Plur
In 1929 he took over the chair in Linguistics at the University of Königsberg , where his research focussed on mediaeval Scandinavian culture , particularly the runes .	Plur
It was created with a simple motto in mind : " Linking expats all over the world " .	Plur
Canadian manufacturers include : IMC Cargo Barriers	Plur
They eventually formed the Drive-By Truckers in 1996 , following a mutual relocation to Athens , GA .	Plur
Honeywell Turbo Technologies produced the turbochargers used in Mercedes Benz 4.7 L biturbo V8 engines from the S-Class and CL-Class vehicles .	Plur
In the July 2010 event in Hamburg , Guo led all Under-17s with 22.4 points ( to go with 5.5 assists and 4.9 rebounds ) .	Plur
Abramson sold pork rinds on the internet from 1998 to 2000 .	Plur
The following people formed the juries of the festival :	Plur
He also chaired the Tweed Commissions , and a Justice of the Peace for Northumberland .	Plur
Directed by Jay Martin , the video features Shawn Mendes lying on the floor barefoot , while his surroundings begin to change .	Plur
Its abdomen has paired black dorsal specks .	Plur
Host plants of the caterpillar include " Diospyros " and " Casearia " species .	Plur
She grows more pumpkins than any other farmer in the United States .	Plur
In 2016 , Frey sold around five million pumpkins .	Plur
Although pumpkins are the most popular produce , the business also farms watermelons , cantaloupes , sweet corn , and hard squash .	Plur
Daoshi usually refer to Taoist priests , professional Taoists who provide religious and ritual performances	Plur
At one point , Spain invited the slaveowners to recapture them themselves .	Plur
It nevertheless contains some stabs at Mike Pence .	Plur
She also wrote a chapter in the book " Real-World Readings in Art Education : Things Your Professor Never Told You " by Dennis E. Fehr .	Plur
Early medieval post mills had their trestles partly buried in the ground .	Plur
Her trade remained Liverpool – Barbados , but her master became J. Ford .	Plur
One can of Sheba brand cat food contains two servings , but the consumer must manually separate the portions for their pet .	Plur
The team was recognized in a display entitled " Trailblazers of the Game " at the 2011 Induction Ceremony on June 11 , 2011 .	Plur
With this mantra-dhāraṇī I protect the ex pounders of the	Plur
attacks or slanders these buddhas . "	Plur
Early the next morning , the 6th Marines repulsed several tank-supported counterattacks that saved the beachhead .	Plur
A special carriage carried the mails over the route Lapenotière had followed , and reached the Admiralty in London on Friday 15 November .	Plur
" See also Carnival Cruises Accidents and incidents for incidents associated with the parent company 's other cruise operations . "	Plur
For example , if you mark R234 , you are actually buying 10 Ordinary Entries ( i.e .	Plur
Rogue units organised by Algirdas Klimaitis and supervised by SS " Brigadeführer " Walter Stahlecker started pogroms in and around Kaunas on 25 June 1941 .	Plur
Other collaborationist units included local Chetniks , police , gendarmerie and Sandžak Muslim militia .	Plur
Law has debated many Christian apologists , theologians and scientists , including William Lane Craig , Alvin Plantinga , Alister McGrath , John Lennox and Denis Alexander .	Plur
When Toppin retired from this post in 1966 , he was appointed Maltravers Herald of Arms Extraordinary and held that position until his death three years later .	Plur
Verbs have no lexical opposites ( such as in vs. out ) and direction is represented through inflection ; all Karajá verbs can inflect for direction .	Plur
Direction in the Karajá language does not have any lexical opposites .	Plur
The rocky location provides crevices and crags for the musk deer to hide from many predators , such as lynx and wolverines .	Plur
That is , lifting somehow squeezes out redundancies caused by perfect reconstruction .	Plur
The rich furnishing includes leather wallpapers and a dining room equipped with Delft tiles .	Plur
Traditional confectionery includes doughnuts , sweetbreads , muffins and typical Christmas sweets .	Plur
Year 11 and 12 students take up AS and A level courses .	Plur
Google supports rich snippets for the following data types :	Plur
Designing biorthogonal wavelets allows more degrees of freedom than orthogonal wavelets .	Plur
Using various ruses , Mike , Sally and the policemen eventually overwhelm the spies .	Plur
The vast majority of photoelectrochemical cells use semiconductors as catalysts .	Plur
Many of these photoautotrophs also have bidirectional hydrogenases , which can produce hydrogen under certain conditions .	Plur
The neutrinos comprise the other three leptons , and for each neutrino there is a corresponding member from the other set of three leptons .	Plur
With age , however , George I argued with his sons and Olga lamented the quarrels that divided the family periodically .	Plur
( see also : Nicknames of Houston # H-Town )	Plur
The land comprising present-day Glendale was originally named Fresh Ponds , as it was a swampy area with fresh water pools .	Plur
Schott renamed Fresh Ponds after his native Glendale , Ohio .	Plur
This displayed the peptides on the viral surface , where those with the highest binding affinity could be selected .	Plur
Stolons may or may not have long internodes .	Plur
In general , each municipal district corresponds to a single LEA ; however some districts comprise multiple LEAs .	Plur
After a second-place finish in , both Murtaugh and Brown announced their retirements during the final week of the season .	Plur
In December 2005 , Walden left Babyshambles .	Plur
As alluded to in the last section , one can classify the isolated singularities of harmonic functions as removable singularities , poles , and essential singularities .	Plur
They became pawns in a plot-driven story . "	Plur
Precipitate delivery may cause lacerations of the cervix , vagina , and / or perineum .	Plur
In 2011 British Prime Minister David Cameron presented the Old Vic Tunnels with the Big Society Award .	Plur
On October 25 , 2017 , the band announced their fourth album " Offerings " , scheduled to be released on January 12 , 2018 .	Plur
He launched Networked Insights in 2006 .	Plur
This causes the stapes to move in and out of the oval window .	Plur
The society has helped established various madrasahs , and the notable one is Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao .	Plur
Next , Beth Phoenix defeated Eve Torres in a Lumberjill match to retain the Divas championship .	Plur
Unlike demonstratives , these quantifiers can also take personal clitics and aspect markers , which are normally only found on verbs ( Brandão , 2014 ) .	Plur
Pannell quarterbacked the New York Lizards to the # 1 offense in the country and their third straight playoff appearance .	Plur
He led the Lizards in points with 33 goals and 23 assists .	Plur
Pannell lead the New York Lizards to a playoff appearance in the semi-finals where they lost to Denver .	Plur
Goodman and partners opened Multiples , dealing in artists ’ editions , in 1965 .	Plur
The South Australian Railway Committee had commissioned W.S .	Plur
So Cosell worked the 1976 ALCS and became a regular member of " Monday Night Baseball " the next season .	Plur
Teammates Lou Piniella and Bobby Murcer , who were Munson 's best friends , gave eulogies .	Plur
He also established a separate Birns & Sawyer lens grinding facility in Riverside County to make telephoto lenses for the US Air Force and Navy .	Plur
In 1979 Birns left Birns & Sawyer to start BIRNS , Inc . , devoted to all types of energy-related underwater and high-performance lighting .	Plur
Typically , a destination wedding does not afford those conveniences .	Plur
During the summer , an off-road bus service operated by the NPS carries weary hikers to the town from the Pacific Crest Trail .	Plur
A large task force representing British naval supremacy entered the straits of Marmara and anchored in view of both the royal palace and the Russian army .	Plur
See also : The Comparative Sizes of Bell ( e ) s	Plur
Meanwhile , Greer has worked his charms on Rachel ( who is Rudy 's sister ) and she reveals to Greer where the hidden guns are .	Plur
In addition , the aleurone tissue contains many protein-storing vacuoles known as protein bodies .	Plur
Krylenko 's ex-wife and fellow Old Bolshevik Elena Rozmirovich survived the purges by keeping a low profile and working in the Party archives .	Plur
Thus she escaped the purges .	Plur
In 1997 , UPS acquired Chronicle Features , the syndication arm of the " San Francisco Chronicle " .	Plur
But biographer Renate Schostack recounts many particulars of this collaboration , as does the daughter of Wieland and Gertrud , Nike Wagner .	Plur
In 1977 – 78 , in response to the 1975 Algiers Agreement , Iraq began clearing swaths of land along its northern border with Iran .	Plur
Příhoda composed his own cadenzas to all the concertos he played .	Plur
He wrote cadenzas to the Beethoven Violin Concerto in D major , which have been recorded by Josef Suk .	Plur
In spite of financial hardship and heavy censorship , he published " Signals " through August 1939 .	Plur
Hubby appeared in the 2005 " Playmates at Play at the Playboy Mansion " swimsuit calendar as the April calendar girl .	Plur
The center and its staff have sponsored weekly silent peace vigils since 2001 's September 11 attacks .	Plur
The following day , " UB-50 " found two Portuguese sailboats " Correiro De Sines " and " Comizianes Da Graca " at and respectively .	Plur
SHP regularly submits its dietary supplements to ConsumerLab.com testing for a thorough , third-party review of product safety and efficacy .	Plur
In 2015 – 2016 , Lusi hosted the annual Chinese New Year Celebrations in Trafalgar Square .	Plur
In America , the Great Depression caused a major economic crises that affected many parts of the world .	Plur
Kickstarter advises backers to use their own judgment on supporting a project .	Plur
The extensive world map encompasses multiple biomes including forests , mountains and the remains of ruined cities , and walking across it requires hours of real time .	Plur
In 1852 , he led the Druze sheikhs and their peasants in a revolt against Ottoman conscription orders .	Plur
The bank also targets low income earners in the country .	Plur
It was published in the December 1892 issue of " The Idler " and in 1896 in his poetry collection " The Seven Seas " .	Plur
And the reindeer roared where Paris roars to-night : —	Plur
Before leaving , Aaron calls his in-laws to apologize for missing their anniversary but declines to speak to his wife .	Plur
The walls feature various recesses .	Plur
In 1944 , Isoletta was the setting of " marocchinate " , where Moroccans of the French Army raped and killed , primarily women .	Plur
These include a number of digital photographs and three Chapels Photographic Societies Collections .	Plur
The two hut buildings had " dummy " stove recesses to further disguise the nature of the site .	Plur
These routes are often with few stops like expresses to provide commutes for work , study or travel faster than regular buses .	Plur
Nutritionist Bernarr Macfadden promoted Bowers as a doctor of medicine .	Plur
She heard Joseph Addison 's paraphrases of the twenty-third psalm .	Plur
He joined Stade de Reims from Paris FC in the summer of 2016 .	Plur
The regulatory domain or the amino-teminus of the PKCs contains several shared subregions .	Plur
CSR had earlier purchased Rinker Materials , which was founded by Marshall " Doc " Rinker and A.V .	Plur
Artists included Rhythim Is Rhythim , James Pennington , Joey Beltram , and more .	Plur
Bazargan then studied thermodynamics and engineering at the École Centrale des Arts et Manufactures ( École Centrale Paris ) .	Plur
In a press release the petitioners stated that the CFS " made almost no gains as a lobby group in its 30 years of operation . "	Plur
They produce about 90-100 lumens per watt of power .	Plur
The squadron comprised 13 PBY-5 Catalinas , 46 officers and 99 enlisted men .	Plur
This can create queues into the village from all directions .	Plur
TMCM rarely sleeps and his nerves are shot from an excess of caffeine .	Plur
On February 15 , 2013 , Wasserman Schultz introduced the Stopping Tax Offenders and Prosecuting Identity Theft Act of 2013 ( H.R .	Plur
They also played the South Sydney Rabbitohs at the old Redfern Oval during Souths ' appeal to return to the Australian NRL .	Plur
Later , all would travel to New York and assist the Avengers in defeating Warlock 's father , the Magus .	Plur
The risers were not found in-situ .	Plur
The association also has counsellors at large , who can be involved but not as voting members .	Plur
High turnover of graduate students due to program completion leaves AGS in the hands of each successive graduate student body .	Plur
" Gamepro Quarterly " hit newsstands within the first half of November 2011 .	Plur
Fayard often imitated their acrobatics and clowning for the kids in his neighborhood .	Plur
He signed several former Stoke City team-mates , including Bill Asprey , Alan Philpott , George Kinnell and Keith Bebbington .	Plur
Lao colonisation last for several years until the World War II , Japanese had occupy Laos .	Plur
Also , some districts such as Lowood which had a strong German heritage were running short of eligible " Britishers " .	Plur
He replaced Job Mathew Raikes as Governor and was succeeded by Benjamin Winthrop .	Plur
In Toledo , Ohio the spiritualist Arthur Conan Doyle attended séances with Besinnet and claimed the faces were of his mother and nephew .	Plur
It has green glabrous branchlets .	Plur
" Acacia willdenowiana " has phyllodes resembling those of " A. pterocaulon " .	Plur
Minka Kelly brought ABLE scarves with her on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in October 2013 .	Plur
In addition to its Taipei Office , it also maintains Extension Offices in Kaohsiung and Taichung .	Plur
Giving clinicians and social workers the ability to see data from different care settings allows more joined up care .	Plur
A formula _ 71-regular sequence satisfies linear recurrences with constant coefficients , but the recurrences take a different form .	Plur
Sowore started Sahara Reporters in a small room in Manhattan 2006 to fight against corrupt and wrong government practices .	Plur
She also features at-anchor stabilizers .	Plur
The entire village , however , is generally called Bures .	Plur
In July 2007 Terrenceville had its very first Come Home Year Celebrations .	Plur
The Y-DNA haplogroup R has many subclades :	Plur
Heading north into Cleburne , SH 174 has concurrencies with SH 171 and FM 4 through the city 's downtown , where the routes cross Bus .	Plur
Each country taking part in the contest selects semi-finalists in various cities who compete to become national finalists .	Plur
The Bretti and Lucanians were stubborn resistors of Greek culture .	Plur
Each organisation brings different actives and opportunities for young people including music class , sports coaching , meeting spaces and life skills .	Plur
The 129th later acquired C-119 Flying Boxcars and was renamed the Special Operations Group .	Plur
On April 3 , 2014 , Ellison introduced the Money Remittances Improvement Act of 2014 ( H.R .	Plur
He also composed the glees " Come let us join the roundelay " and " The Humble Tenant " .	Plur
The website claimed to be run by Dalitstan , a " Human Rights Organization working for the Upliftment of Dalits , the Untouchables of India " .	Plur
Two HEET platform-level turnstiles lead to a staircase that goes down to a pedestrian tunnel that runs underneath the line .	Plur
Mitochondrial manganese superoxide dismutase ( MnSOD ) normally keeps ROS and RNS in check .	Plur
However the first Elves encountered the first Ents in the primeval forests of Middle-earth , not long after the dawn of both of their races .	Plur
Paper Rad 's visual projects often employ bright fluorescent palettes juxtaposed with primary colors to create a distinctive " lo-fi " look .	Plur
Brian Harvey coached the Slickers in their first year with Warriors head coach Chico Villar serving as an assistant and team general manager .	Plur
It was initially worth 16 " reales " .	Plur
Jesus compares the oneness of this indwelling to the oneness of the fellowship of his church from this indwelling .	Plur
This causes the otters to move to other freshwater systems to hunt for food .	Plur
She faced Annabel Medina Garrigues in the first round and lost in three sets .	Plur
STARS also holds lotteries in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba which are the single largest source of funding for the organization .	Plur
Suggested approaches are checking the hashes of selected disk sectors and partitions .	Plur
With T-cell FluoroSpot , you can monitor tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes .	Plur
Falbo early work examined kindergarten children 's attributions about academic achievement .	Plur
Water birds spotted include mute swans , cormorants , pochard ducks and tufted ducks , coots , Canada geese and moorhens .	Plur
" To Scale the Scales of Justice	Plur
Judge ascribes the 1996 film " Swingers " and a 1998 Gap Inc. commercial with youths dancing to the Lindy Hop as evidentiary of the swing revival .	Plur
Muscovite bearing granites and metamorphic rocks around Asbestos formed over a broad span from 468 to 379 million years ago .	Plur
Among ISIL 's operations include assassinations , kidnappings , raids and ambushes .	Plur
A major source of genetic abnormalities are balanced translocations ( Figure 1 ) .	Plur
In September 2018 , Wilkins rejoined the Surrey Scorchers .	Plur
In 1887 / 88 he visited Tangiers with Joseph Crawhall III , Pollock Nisbet and his son Edwin .	Plur
This article lists spokespersons of Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) of Malaysia in the 13th Parliament issued on 19 May 2015 .	Plur
In the 18th century , Tuareg confederations captured the Kaouar oases from the Kanem-Bornu Empire and began transporting goods from Agadez .	Plur
For this honest counsel Stannis names Davos as his new Hand .	Plur
The story moves into light redondillas - the loves of a young Numantian , named Marandro for Lira .	Plur
Spanning the last century and a half , the industry has seen two booms , and continues into the 21st century , albeit less dominant today .	Plur
The later style contains highly developed and sophisticated midrash and theological essays attached superficially - even " mechanically " at some points - to the former source .	Plur
Slate initially rejects , but when Tarpit offers George work , Slate immediately makes George his partner , and George soon becomes famous .	Plur
This article describes the Magicians of Xanth , who are listed alphabetically .	Plur
Thus , helping people enhances that positive feeling which creates positive thoughts and positive self-esteem .	Plur
NCMPs have been called the " best losers " of each general election .	Plur
After two years of recording , Transplants released their debut album " Transplants " on Hellcat Records in October 2002 .	Plur
Since 2001 , MIT 's Lincoln Laboratory has named asteroids after ISEF winners as part of the Ceres Connection .	Plur
Each of the main traders could employ approximately 1,000 diggers to unearth terracottas every day .	Plur
All SPP stores were renamed Chuck E. Cheese 's in 1992 .	Plur
From 1948 on , the military administrations in Eritrea , Somalia , and Tripolitania used their own overprints .	Plur
Although purely apocryphal , the rooster became the personification of the early inhabitants of France , the Gauls .	Plur
Common wildlife includes iguanas , deer , wild boar , armadillos , rabbits , raccoons and numerous birds native to the area .	Plur
Local specialties include iguana tamales and venison in yellow or red mole .	Plur
In 2009-2010 Djumbo hosted the pop and showbizz game show " Kies je ster " ( " Pick your star " ) for broadcast on TROS .	Plur
It had about seven stagings until 1827 , when its last known performance in the 19th century took place .	Plur
However , over time , it causes electrolyte imbalances and has reduced effectiveness .	Plur
The company launched toilet soaps for the premium segment .	Plur
The Caterpillar 797 series trucks employ mechanical drive powertrains in contrast to the diesel-electric powertrains of similar haul trucks offered by competitors .	Plur
The following year , Popillius continued his aggressions against the Statellati killing 6,000 more in battle .	Plur
Recently , GSEB has changed State level Examinations from JEE ( Mains ) to GUJCET .	Plur
Seeds also contain oil ducts and canals .	Plur
In 1995 , the USISL split into two leagues , the Professional and Premier ( Amateur ) Leagues .	Plur
He had 5 DNFs in ten starts and only managed 51st in points .	Plur
Condenser microphones at the time could not compare to its frequency response .	Plur
She edited " Interactions in Molecules " .	Plur
The company currently has over 8,300 franchisees worldwide in 32 countries .	Plur
These nights featured the original DJ playlists and many original members attended .	Plur
In 1667 Thoroton , aided by a band of helpers , began to work upon his great county history , " The Antiquities of Nottinghamshire " .	Plur
A strong worldwide demand for healthcare workers causes many Filipinos to emigrate without ever getting hired or become deskilling while possibly raising their salary .	Plur
Each game allowed certain customizations not available in the original arcade game , " i.e. "	Plur
" Kate Dorning " played Nancy Purvis	Plur
He upskirts various female NPCs as an in-game hobby , and his reputation in the game as a result is dismal .	Plur
11 villagers with 4 smallholders have 5 ploughs .	Plur
OTG hardware design merges all of the controllers into one dual-role controller that is somewhat more complex than an individual device controller .	Plur
Salisbury produced several self-portraits including depicting himself whilst painting the 1937 Coronation and his being Master Glazier in 1934 .	Plur
A public library was established the mid-1950s .	Plur
Goonhilly Downs is now also home to a 12 MW wind farm consisting of six two MW wind turbines and a tourist attraction called Cornish Camels .	Plur
Bazz-B later confronts Shinji , Momo , and Marechiyo , intending to stop them from intervening Kenpachi 's fight with the other Sternritters .	Plur
He can also create wormholes to redirect ranged attacks , both physical and energy based , back at the enemy .	Plur
Freeze abducts Evers and escapes the complex in a helicopter .	Plur
Many high school basketball teams have intense local followings , especially in the Midwest and Upper South .	Plur
In particle physics all fermions in the standard model have distinct antiparticles ( " perhaps " excepting neutrinos ) and hence are Dirac fermions .	Plur
Hogan formed the Cranberries with his brother Mike and drummer Fergal Lawler in 1989 .	Plur
In all he played 25 rubbers , of which he won 15 , all but one of them in singles .	Plur
During the summer of 2011 Bag joined Pailan Arrows of the I-League from Kalighat MS .	Plur
Stench regularly does live rants on the " evils of corporate media " and how it wants to destroy America 's spirit of independent music and art .	Plur
In a Shindig event , participants can use webcams to see each other in a shared space .	Plur
Breed registries for part-Arabians include :	Plur
The opening round match would pit the # 2 seeded Hoosiers against Kentucky at Bill Armstrong Stadium , and the match was tense throughout .	Plur
Two second-half goals by Noonan and Lavrinenko staked the Hoosiers to a seemingly comfortable 2-0 lead , but the Bruins came storming back to tie the match .	Plur
JJ founded Pasay Aids Watch and Information Drive ( PAWID ) , and used his own foundation JJ Barangayan ( Phils . )	Plur
In 2001 , Caroline Scheufele and her brother Karl-Friedrich were named co-presidents of the company .	Plur
If they succeed in haunting someone , they will eat that person 's intestines during sleep .	Plur
The Ombudsman appoints Prison Investigators to visit prisons and other places of detention in New Zealand and to conduct investigations after complaints .	Plur
Her dance music collaborations with Milk & Sugar have clocked up two consecutive UK chart toppers at number 1 and 2 .	Plur
After returning home , where they are labeled fugitives , Coulson and his team work to ensure the future they saw does not come to pass .	Plur
New construction in that project included three townhouses and a villa .	Plur
They identified troublemakers and arrested certain pro-Telangana activists throughout the Telangana region .	Plur
Beltek ’ s name pops out on top of EDM music charts and labels such as Dim Mak , Ministry of Sound , Toolroom , Armada etc .	Plur
Its site is located the acropolis of modern Pappadates .	Plur
Other methods use aggregators such as leucine zippers or polymer-DNA amphiphiles to induce capsid formation and capture drug molecules .	Plur
This welcome trend has encouraged more Visayan songwriters to come out with more material and make us Visayans feel proud about our musical heritage . "	Plur
Proteogenomics combines proteomics , genomics , and transciptomics .	Plur
This polycistronic transcript encodes four similar peptides , which range between 11-32 aa in length .	Plur
The haptor bears two squamodiscs , one ventral and one dorsal .	Plur
The haptor bears two squamodiscs , one ventral and one dorsal .	Plur
He also added two new frescos in the style of the old frescos .	Plur
He also sold his quays and warehouses in the London docks in 1735 .	Plur
On 9 September 20 Chetniks of the Ljubljana detachment joined surrounded Chetniks .	Plur
They propel their wheelchairs rapidly down to the beach , and are thrown out next to eachother as their chairs reach the sand .	Plur
During the early stages of the Dutch Revolt and Eighty Years ' War it had many Calvinists among its population .	Plur
Gwinn joined the Smithsonian Institution Libraries as the assistant director for library collections management in 1984 .	Plur
Craig Sheeley reviewed " Star Fleet Battles Expansion 3 " in " The Space Gamer " No .	Plur
Host resistance and pathogenic genes give insight into how a pathogen prevails and how diseases spread .	Plur
Scholars at the Göttingen Faculty of Theology have launched substantial research undertakings , often in partnership with other institutions .	Plur
In addition to possible different turrets , the vehicle has 5 loopholes for firing with personal armament during anti-ambush operations , observation holes with ballistic protection .	Plur
He co-hosted the first-ever Miss Trans Israel in 2016 .	Plur
They always carry out the errands of the Choten .	Plur
The strongest group of holdouts remained the ship carpenters and their young apprentices , urged on by the inimitable William Doughty and his steadfast antipathy toward Hull .	Plur
The NTSB issued 14 Safety Recommendations as a result of this accident .	Plur
Formed in the mid-1980s , Legs On The Wall 's performances combine acrobatics with dance , circus skills and technology .	Plur
On March 9 , 1955 , he fought Raúl Macías at Cow Palace , in California , and lost .	Plur
The taking of certain subjects may also require additional prerequisites , such as having been taking the same subjects in the previous level .	Plur
Each side contains five square-head double-hung six-over-six windows , of which three are original and two were added in 1935 .	Plur
During this period , he saw several psychiatrists and psychologists but was never admitted to any facility for mental recovery .	Plur
On December 30 , 2012 , Burfict collected a season-high 18 combined tackles ( ten solo ) as the Bengals defeated the Baltimore Ravens 23 – 17 .	Plur
Then they miked the Sun Columns .	Plur
Christian mobs confronted the Muslim mobs .	Plur
The fish releases the spores after spawning .	Plur
Before the loss of " Challenger " in January 1986 , however , ongoing launch delays caused DoD to express concern about overdependance on the shuttle .	Plur
Covering the period from 1900 to 1920 , this collection includes postcards by Ponce photographer José Rodríguez Serra .	Plur
Later , they became the most profitable songwriters in the country .	Plur
Internal unrest prevented the Abbasids from exploiting their victory , however .	Plur
Senior executives come in two echelons :	Plur
Predators include badgers , coyotes , snakes , falcons and hawks .	Plur
The Roman army hired Sarmatians as elite cavalrymen .	Plur
" Oryzomys couesi " is also found on Turneffe Atoll off the coast of Belize and Roatán off Honduras .	Plur
In addition , older males frequently develop vestigial fatty lumps on their foreheads .	Plur
Men traditionally wear dark trousers and a dark vest over a long-sleeved , white , collared shirt .	Plur
For one year he was board member of the Dutch electronics giant Philips by invitation of Cor Boonstra , then Philips ' president .	Plur
People enjoy playing " pétanque " , or " boules " in the sandy areas under shady trees near the town center .	Plur
NOF also fluorinates fluorides to form adducts that have a salt-like character , such as NOBF .	Plur
The Commissioner of Police , Dick Lee provided reassurances that weapons such as water cannons and plastic bullets would not be used .	Plur
During the Conference there were 80 hotlines ( Telephone No .	Plur
The Alliance sent about 500 helpers to maintain the order .	Plur
Echo parakeets have been observed chasing rose-ringed parakeets , Mauritius kestrels , white-tailed Tropic-birds , and fruit-bats .	Plur
Some holes have overhangs or other features to prevent flooding , though flooding often happens .	Plur
The abductors took Melchers to a bungalowpark in the eastern part of the Netherlands .	Plur
He produced " Memoirs of Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton , Baronet , with Selections from his Correspondence " , first published in 1848 .	Plur
The date chosen , Khreesat reportedly told his handlers , was October 30 , 1988 .	Plur
She takes an old man 's spectacles , rubs it against her private parts , and then gives it back to him .	Plur
In the fall 2013 the LSB players performed Les Misérables .	Plur
Newborns frequently wear mittens to prevent accidental scratching .	Plur
Their self-produced debut album , " Under Wires and Searchlights " , appeared in 2003 on the English independent label Ochre Records .	Plur
The Dash employed some female impersonators , and patrons could purchase homosexual sex in its booths .	Plur
It inhabits the Sonoran and Mojave Deserts of the Southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico .	Plur
When disturbed , the chuckwalla enters a crevices between rocks , inflates its lungs using a gular pump .	Plur
In the forward direction , these silyl migrations produce silyl ethers as products which is driven by the stability of the oxygen-silicon bond .	Plur
To accomplish the above objectives , XMLBeans provides three major APIs :	Plur
In 2009 he was granted restricted authorizations to practice as dentist and as a physician , however he cannot involve himself in research .	Plur
It uses common phobias , such as the fear of heights and the dark , as the basis .	Plur
During the game , Eagles ' fans threw snowballs , ice , and beer onto the field .	Plur
The controller had nine series notches , after which the motors were open-circuited , reconnected in full parallel , and the controller had another seven parallel notches .	Plur
Another unique design feature of Northwestern is its three satellite cafeterias or commissaries , which supplement the main food court .	Plur
Of those career clusters , Northwestern has implemented four sub-schools .	Plur
Neurons in the OFC respond both to primary reinforcers , as well as cues that predict rewards across multiple sensory domains .	Plur
Google employee Adam Lasnik has advised webmasters that there are better ways ( e.g .	Plur
Gaelicised Scandinavians dominated the region of the Irish Sea until the Norman era of the 12th century .	Plur
In 2015 , Vlerick MBA Program was ranked top 100 MBA Programs and Top 10 MBA Program in Entrepreneurship worldwide by Financial Times .	Plur
Before appearing in Warhol 's films , he appeared in Jack Smith 's important underground films " Flaming Creatures " and " Normal Love " .	Plur
Examples of Gaelicisation in history include the Picts , Hiberno-Normans , Scoto-Normans and Norse-Gaels .	Plur
An example is the voiced retroflex click in the Grootfontein ! Kung ( Central Juu ) word for ' water ' , ( g ‼ ú ) .	Plur
He also held postings in Indonesia , Denmark , Canada and France .	Plur
They followed with a DVD " No Apologies " reminiscent of the CKY videos .	Plur
The Swedish national team is nicknamed the Elks , drawn from teams across Sweden .	Plur
Custard reformed for a concert on 10 December 2009 , as part of the Queensland Proclamation Day , 150th Anniversary Celebrations .	Plur
He said , " The 3D intensifies " Titanic " .	Plur
Too much of flux however dilutes the reactants to the point of not being able to sustain combustion .	Plur
The President announced the resignations in an address to the American people :	Plur
The large-scale contact with Europeans after 1492 introduced Eurasian germs to the indigenous people of the Americas .	Plur
Indigenous populations hit their ultimate lows in most areas of the Americas in the early 20th century ; in a number of cases , growth has returned .	Plur
He also suffered severe lacerations to both arms .	Plur
Modern English has two plurals for the word " dwarf " : " dwarfs " and " dwarves " .	Plur
The sagas mention Icelanders traveling to Greenland to trade .	Plur
Most had crucifixes around their necks with their arms crossed as in a stance of prayer .	Plur
The Caribs conquered the Arawaks along much of the coast , and into the Caribbean , using sailing ships .	Plur
The earliest buildings of note included earthwork dykes and rudimentary motte-and-bailey hillside defences .	Plur
The UAP replaced the Nationalists as the main non-Labor party .	Plur
Melanocytes express many proinflammatory cytokines including IL-1 , IL-3 , IL-6 , IL-8 , TNF-α , and TGF-β .	Plur
In the 1980s and beyond , he favoured the Eric Clapton Stratocaster .	Plur
Catherine 's third sister , Anna married Andronikos II Palaiologos .	Plur
The smaller planets retain only silicates , and are terrestrial planets like Earth or Mars , though multiple- " M " super-Earths have been discovered .	Plur
Books on “ Results Management ” , “ Corporate Strategy ” , “ Strategic Thinking ” and “ Strategic Thinking & Action ” have become best-sellers .	Plur
Yuxiang fancies a large bungalow at Lentor Plain , but Shanguo is miserly and refuses to even consider buying it .	Plur
In memory of the boy , she keeps several tortoises as pets .	Plur
FantaCo Enterprises and Millennium Publications boasted lineups almost exclusively devoted to horror , vampire , and zombie comics .	Plur
This includes archetypes like the holy fool and the trickster .	Plur
Cameron shows the team Jack 's x-rays .	Plur
The protein has twelve transmembrane alpha-helices and its molecular weight is 45,000 Daltons .	Plur
This form of lactose permease can bind lactose from outside the cell .	Plur
2000 University of California , Berkeley , Visiting Lecturers	Plur
Members of this genus are commonly called blackthread lichens .	Plur
She joins past Vice Chancellors such as John Hood in attempting to centralise the Oxford college system , although she also supports college autonomy .	Plur
In general , only medical doctors may perform abortions .	Plur
" Master Of None " has a " more radiant synths and dreamy guitar rolling out over a slightly funkier rhythm . "	Plur
District Judge Frank W. Owers ruled the expulsions illegal , and issued an injunction against the League to prevent interference with the return of the union miners .	Plur
On 21 November , deputy sheriffs confronted the armed picketers at the Tom Boy mine , and demanded that they surrender their weapons .	Plur
Behind the incisors and canines , there were no additional teeth in the jaw .	Plur
He rediscovers the joys of romance later in life , falling for the recently divorced Helen Richardson .	Plur
Between 1912 and 1957 Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth discovered almost 400 asteroids from the Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory .	Plur
For her , the children of the last Tsar remained her childhood playmates , not distant figures for adoration .	Plur
He furthermore published " Reminiscences " which was a memoir of his upbringing and life .	Plur
Trunking FIUs connected 192 timeslots of facility ( eight DS1 carriers or 192 individual analog trunks ) .	Plur
Most of these Protestants are Pentecost church Pentecostals .	Plur
He hosted Your Stocks , Bazar Aaj and Aaj Ka Karobar on CNBC India .	Plur
In spite of his success hitting with RISP , Baseball-Reference.com rated his Wins Above Replacement ( WAR ) at 2.2 and Fangraphs at 2.6 .	Plur
She attended California State University San Marcos in San Marcos , California .	Plur
As a result of these improvements , SOAPalign significantly outperforms competing aligners Bowtie and BWA in terms of speed .	Plur
In 1813 alone , the Chasseurs had 224 deserters from a total strength of approximately 1,740 men .	Plur
In 2004 , he wins the competition " Young Talents " of Montrond les Bains , the Max Francy Prize and the André Thépaz Prize .	Plur
Booth took the torcs home and washed them in water .	Plur
John has held directorships of the British Copyright Council , UK Music , the Educational Recording Agency .	Plur
Sche tes chant è uschè bel sco tia parita , lur es ti il pli bel utschè da tuts » .	Plur
These sounds make written Ladin easily distinguishable through the numerous occurrences of the letters and .	Plur
He left Indian Arrows and his role with the under-23 team in August 2011 .	Plur
They are day-flying moths that can be easily mistaken for a butterfly due to the position in which they hold their wings .	Plur
to consider trade-offs between several objectives ,	Plur
As of 2001 , the stream contains macroinvertebrates , but no fish .	Plur
The streambed of Crab Run predominantly features cobbles , but fine silt covers it as well .	Plur
The book relates modern-day superheroes to spirituality .	Plur
For the 2013-2016 Cooperation Strategy for the Horn of Africa , the SDC has set aside KES .	Plur
Switzerland 's main exports to Kenya include : pharmaceuticals and chemical products .	Plur
in addition Miller also contributed some re-writes .	Plur
Show organizers may present dwarf hamsters in smaller pens than Syrians , or perhaps all hamsters will be in larger pens which are appropriate for Syrians .	Plur
The show judges evaluate pet hamsters on their tameness and health .	Plur
Indiscriminate breeding can produce hamsters which vary from the wild type , and type judging preserves what is natural or established .	Plur
The Fulton County Home served dependents for 101 years , until its residents were moved to Detwiler Manor in nearby Wauseon , Ohio in 1975 .	Plur
Water can dissolve the other hydrogen chalcogenides ( at least those up to hydrogen telluride ) , forming acidic solutions known as hydrochalcogenic acids .	Plur
It received five Doves from the Dove Foundation , which considered the film acceptable for all ages .	Plur
Later , she studied dramatics and voice for two years at the MacPhail School of Music in Minneapolis , Minnesota .	Plur
He attended the lycées of Chaumont and Nancy for his secondary education , then studied law in Dijon and Paris .	Plur
For Sir Maurice Jenks , 3rd Baronet ( 1933 – 2004 ) , see the Jenks Baronets "	Plur
In 1911 , he married Mabel Clare Millis .	Plur
The strikes drove the communist sappers off the mountaintop .	Plur
Although PAVN had failed in its effort to eliminate the Royalist guerrilla army from Military Region 2 , it had left the RLG irregulars in sad shape .	Plur
She sets off the sprinklers with her heat vision and uses her freeze breath to create a frozen shield , then subdues him .	Plur
The non-profit organization Firelands Rails to Trails , Inc. gave the project the collective name " North Coast Inland Trail " in 2000 .	Plur
The regulations also do not allow skateboards .	Plur
Male moths can sense the pheromones of female moths over great distances .	Plur
The following represents the best-supported monophyletic groupings for the Insecta .	Plur
The seminal vesicles have glandular linings that secrete nutrients for nourishment and maintenance of the sperm .	Plur
In haplodiploidy , which is a type of sex-determination system , the offspring 's sex is determined by the number of sets of chromosomes an individual receives .	Plur
Types of semiochemicals include pheromones and kairomones .	Plur
This design adds both impact toughness and the ability to support weight .	Plur
While at Wilmington , the group exchanged its P-40s for P-39 Airacobras as part of its training role .	Plur
On 19 July , Lieutenant Colonel Cy Wilson , the Group Commander , led 49 Lightnings on a bomber escort mission into Southern Germany .	Plur
In February 2003 , Shaw deployed approximately 1,300 servicemembers and 15 aircraft in support of Operation " Iraqi Freedom " .	Plur
Desserts have included strawberries drizzled with sixty-year-old balsamic vinegar .	Plur
In July 2011 , Samuel joined former side Hércules on a four-year contract .	Plur
On one of his expeditions Oromë discovered the newly awakened Elves at Cuiviénen .	Plur
In 2000 , Lydon and Nora became legal guardians of Ari 's twin teenaged boys ; as Lydon explained " [ Ari ] let them run free .	Plur
In 2010 , they also became guardians of Ari 's third child , Wilton .	Plur
They both run their extortion rackets and plague people to no end . "	Plur
The Finns beat back German counterattacks for a week until 8 October , when the Germans withdrew from Tornio .	Plur
Apart from the state railways , these included tramways and a network of industrial railways called the " Bullenbahn " ( bulls railway ) .	Plur
LCC replaced the mules with ring frames , which required the floors to be strengthened .	Plur
In 2005 , it was home to distribution company DTS Logistics and used for storing and distributing clothing .	Plur
The Carson Circuit provides 8 Routes around the City of Carson and provides bus connections to Metro , Torrance Transit , Long Beach Transit , and GTrans .	Plur
He describes the celebrants engaging in crude jokes or , under the protection of their masks , excessive quarrelling .	Plur
In the Truck Series , he has two top fives , three top tens , and one pole .	Plur
He also had two DNFs .	Plur
The Rovers defeated the Newark Almas in the final .	Plur
Colchester High School reached enrollments as high as 230 students in the " baby-booming " mid-1970s .	Plur
2007 Forum : " Feminism Never Happened " , Gertrude Contemporary Art Spaces , Melbourne .	Plur
Blog compiles and reviews gender equality in the Australian art world .	Plur
He opposed mandatory quarantines for asymptomatic patients that may have been exposed to Ebola virus .	Plur
Colburn , on the other hand , provided three-fifths of the capital and received three-fifths of the profits .	Plur
Ainsworth succeeded Dickens as editor .	Plur
Some of the soldiers carried disabled vets on their backs down flights of stairs to load them on their 5-Ton trucks for evacuation .	Plur
The French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc , Comte de Buffon described the southern white-fringed antwren in his " Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux " in 1775 .	Plur
The majority of these sons eventually became woodcutters themselves .	Plur
65.4 % spoke Afrikaans as their home language , 26.9 % spoke Xhosa , 6.9 % spoke English , and 0.9 % spoke some other language .	Plur
Some religious leaders have accused Jehovah 's Witnesses of being a cult .	Plur
The federal government described Jehovah 's Witnesses as subversive and offensive ' religious zealots ' … in secret reports given to special parliamentarian committees in 1942 . "	Plur
In Eritrea , the government stripped Jehovah 's Witnesses of their civil and political rights in 1994 after their refusal to engage in voting and military service .	Plur
In the city of Davangere on December 20 , 2010 a mob confronted two female Witnesses .	Plur
During a July 2012 incident , a group of fifteen men assaulted four Witnesses in Madikeri .	Plur
Two teams consisting of youth and young adults from Bethesda Christian Fellowship and Strathcona Christian Academy will assist Extreme Dream Ministries in facilitating the event .	Plur
At Universal he directed " Seven Sinners " ( 1940 ) with Marlene Dietrich and John Wayne .	Plur
He worked on the hugely popular documentary " Seven Wonders of the World " ( 1956 ) .	Plur
In 2004 , Stamey released the album " Travels in the South " , quickly followed by " V.O.T.E. "	Plur
The Romero Ruin still contains pueblos built of rock and adobe , as well as a Mesoamerican ballcourt .	Plur
Uniden also marketed CB Radios in the UK under the Uniden and Uniace brands during the late 1970s .	Plur
This layer manages Real-Time Transport Protocols , User Datagram Packets ( UDP ) and Real-Time Transport Control Protocol ( RTCP ) .	Plur
Lastra in her dialect atlas proposed three Peripheral groupings : eastern , western , and Huasteca .	Plur
He also provided defectors from Walker 's army with payments and free passage back to the U.S .	Plur
Bree , however , tells the other housewives the truth , so they all snub Edie .	Plur
His first song hit was " Hugs and Kisses " in 1926 .	Plur
He also mentioned the queues for drinks at the bars are too long so that will be looked into as well .	Plur
Players have three " health canisters " , and every hit diminishes one of them .	Plur
This , however , did not mean polis , and had another meaning .	Plur
Aratus divided the spoils from the palace between his soldiers and the people .	Plur
Nonetheless , Cleomenes showed many courtesies towards Aratus , desiring to ingratiate himself with the League .	Plur
He left Panathinaikos partly because of an encounter with the club president 's son , Dimitrios Giannakopoulos , in the locker room after a game .	Plur
The CIE XYZ color space encompasses all color sensations that are visible to a person with average eyesight .	Plur
In 1869 , the North German Confederation fixed the morgen at a " quarter hectare " ( i.e .	Plur
Renewing the baits once or twice may be necessary .	Plur
The School also holds various carnivals during the year this includes :	Plur
Conventional suspension bridges use massive concrete or rock anchorages to resist the cable ’ s tension .	Plur
These restrictions governed minimum span widths over channels and minimum clearances .	Plur
The wound has left Amos permanently brain-damaged and Cyril has been his carer ever since .	Plur
Mayor West met the marchers at the courthouse steps .	Plur
Throughout the company 's history , the king has undergone several iterations .	Plur
It also hosted the now-defunct Chippewa Valley Predators and Eau Claire Crush of the amateur Northern Elite Football League .	Plur
In his verse , Severyanin admired dirigibles and automobiles , everything that could convey to his followers the notion of modernity .	Plur
In 1960 , the stations broadcast live remotes of John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon , who both came to Memphis to campaign for the presidency .	Plur
On September 29 , 1962 , WHBQ-TV premiered " Fantastic Features " , a showcase of classic horror films from the RKO Pictures library .	Plur
First Nations traded their furs for many French goods such as metal objects , guns , alcohol , and clothing .	Plur
The written forms of French place-names in Canada retain their diacritics such as accent marks over vowels in English text .	Plur
China has 700 million netizens , making it the largest social media market in the world .	Plur
The neighbourhood has many historic townhouses built in the late 19th century , which housed affluent businessmen and their families .	Plur
Modern updates to the traditional look include polar fleeces , hoodies , baseball caps , and knit caps .	Plur
The Java collections framework supports generics to specify the type of objects stored in a collection instance .	Plur
Most of the shows has VJs , the most recognized of which were Carmen Arce and Gabo in México and Cecilia Peckaitis and Jerónimo Oriana in Argentina .	Plur
" Los 10 + Pedidos " has had various VJs .	Plur
Signs include itchiness , " elevated grooming " , and visible spots of fur-loss .	Plur
On the BBC British comedy impression show Dead Ringers , Bush was a recurring target for satire , being portrayed by Jon Culshaw .	Plur
Since Winter 2009 , KWVA has kept up-to-date playlists of every show aired in the online database Spinitron .	Plur
Sales also led the Hogs in receiving in the contest .	Plur
His teams reached six consecutive bowls ( 1977 – 1983 ) , but only won one split conference championship .	Plur
On November 6 , 1957 , Halimi faced Raul Macias in his second title bout at Los Angeles ' Wrigley Field .	Plur
He knocked out Spanish Bantamweight Champion Juan Cardenas , bringing victory in the third round in Algiers on July 2 , 1960 .	Plur
These cerebellar signs include ataxia and dysarthria , likely caused by cerebellar atrophy .	Plur
John and Vanna recently ( 2006 ) published their joint autobiography " Two Coins in the Fountain " ( 34 ) .	Plur
Maybe Setoodeh can 't see ' Glee ' and ' Promises , Promises ' except through a lens of dark stereotypes he 's inherited .	Plur
The axioms describe regularities in conscious experience , and IIT seeks to explain these regularities .	Plur
It also hired additional lobbyists to gain the right to solicit in Virginia .	Plur
Squirreling behavior relates to users who download lots of documents but might not necessarily end up reading them .	Plur
Such shapes include polygons , which may be concave , shapes with holes , and collections of such shapes ( i.e .	Plur
Soul Rangers cannot collect Keystones by landing on them ; instead , they chase down other players and steal their Keystones .	Plur
Players must collect the six Keystones of different colours to win .	Plur
As such , he frequently accompanies Legs on missions , to put balance back into the number of limbs in her squad .	Plur
Includes baseline " homo sapiens " as well as several genetically engineered offshoots .	Plur
Houghton Lake has c. of total shoreline and its waters cover .	Plur
Experts predicted the fight would sell between 2.5 million and 3 million pay-per-views in the U.S .	Plur
See Theorem 6.2 of ( Varadarajan , 1985 ) .	Plur
On April 10 , 2004 , at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas , Judah fought Cory Spinks for the Undisputed Welterweight Championship .	Plur
He knocked Spinks down to his knees at the bell in the seventh round , but it was not ruled a knockdown .	Plur
Norwegian State Railways ( NSB ) converted two old shunters , El 10 no .	Plur
Originally these lineages only included the Chinese Patriarchs , but they were later extended to twenty-eight Indian Patriarchs and seven Buddhas .	Plur
Keizan 's " Transmission of the Light " gives twenty-eight patriarchs up to and including Bodhidharma in this transmission :	Plur
She also had two stepbrothers , Christopher and Thomas , by her father 's second wife Elizabeth Hutton .	Plur
The band was originally called The Ravens and performed rhythm and blues at local venues such as the Hornsey Recreation Club at Crouch End Secondary School .	Plur
Fertile spikelets are pediceled , the pedicels of which are filiform and puberulous .	Plur
Three large cast cement urns crown the pedestals and the pediment .	Plur
This central arch originally had two smaller archways supported on a slender central Corinthian column above which was a small circular window .	Plur
It employed mandalas , mantras , mudras , abhiṣekas , and deity yoga .	Plur
Others such as Fotudeng ( d . 348 ) served Chinese emperors with mantras and rituals .	Plur
Vergé denounced the extremes of the " nouvelle cuisine " movement .	Plur
Vergé opened his famous " Moulin de Mougins " in 1969 with his wife Denise .	Plur
To voice the complex role of the Little Girl 's Mother , the film-makers approached Rachel McAdams .	Plur
Liebknecht married Julia Paradies on 8 May 1900 ; the couple had two sons and a daughter before Julia died in 1911 .	Plur
The state should respect these allegiances and promote pluralism and decentralisation .	Plur
In 1974 it published " Building Revolutionary Communist Bases at the Place of Work " .	Plur
The project use probe the mass-assembly epochs and timescales , in order to the ATLAS3D derive the star formation history .	Plur
This research process will link the kinematics of molecular , atomic and ionized gas with the dynamical structure , star formation and environment of the host galaxies .	Plur
In 1973 , the team was renamed the Toros .	Plur
They did however add in-jokes for players who had played previous " Ace Attorney " games .	Plur
In March 2009 the company launched its Little Star Creations imprint , focusing on licensed products at the London Book Fair .	Plur
The timber roof beams have carved wooden corbels with various facial expressions .	Plur
International stockists have included Selfridges , Barneys , Liberty , b-Store and colette .	Plur
The sixth form teaches AS and A2 courses as well as BTEC courses .	Plur
Four years later he finished eights in the 1500 metres competition .	Plur
Inviting his nephew to a banquet to falsely ratify a treaty between them , he arrested and imprisoned Cotys , seizing his kingdom .	Plur
Around the house , the Patriotes constructed earthen breastworks made up of logs and branches covered in frozen mud and turned the area into a fortified camp .	Plur
The saddle separates the glacial catchments of Kaliakra Glacier to the east and Saedinenie Snowfield to the west .	Plur
Had the English scribes been more accurate then , " Ó Fionnachta " would probably have been translated to " Fairsnow " , or " Snowfair " .	Plur
She opened the first Casey 's Cupcakes in 2009 at the Mission Inn Hotel & Spa in Riverside , California .	Plur
In the thirteenth century , Muireadhach Albanach , Irish poet of the O 'Dálaigh clan of poets wrote eulogies for the Mormaers of Lennox .	Plur
Nicholson made his full All Whites debut as a substitute in an 8-1 win over Vanuatu at the Oceania Nations Cup in Australia on 28 September 1998 .	Plur
The Coney Island-bound staircase 's landing has two exit-only turnstiles leading directly to the street .	Plur
The Formula Renault 95 used Mygale chassis , production 2.0L 165 hp engines and Hewland five-speed manual gearboxes .	Plur
The sports teams at the school have try-outs and have practices on a three-or-more per week basis .	Plur
Some bear canisters contain gaskets that block the scent from escaping the container .	Plur
Rangers may stop hikers and require them to produce their containers for inspection .	Plur
Faiyum has several large bazaars , mosques , baths and a much-frequented weekly market .	Plur
He meets conservationists who explain how drought is compounding poaching and loss of habitat , leading to accelerating species loss .	Plur
Ethelinda , disguised as the knight , punishes Myrtle by making vipers and insects fall from her mouth .	Plur
" Stone the Crows " - Joseph , Narrator , Pharaoh , Female Ensemble	Plur
This transition record , an expertly produced mid-tempo pop / MOR ballad , has all the earmarks of a Top 40 hit , though .	Plur
The inner section had airbrakes just behind the spar .	Plur
The Admiralty withdrew all destroyer flotillas from the Channel and ordered no convoy to sail the Channel in daylight .	Plur
The raid sank two naval trawlers — " Tamarisk " and " Pyrope " killing 12 seamen .	Plur
Coaster crews sailing past at found the bombardments highly stressful but none of the ships were hit .	Plur
In 2005 , she won the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile Fillies and won an Eclipse Award for champion juvenile filly of 2005 .	Plur
“ Rapaille and Roemer fix their gazes on a question of great importance and intimidating complexity : how can we prosper ?	Plur
Born in New England , he first studied stromatolites as a graduate student under famed paleobotanist Elso Sterrenberg Barghoorn at Harvard University .	Plur
The following are medieval Scheduled Monuments : -	Plur
Society has " mutual reassurances , " which provide comfort in worldly things and not Heaven or God .	Plur
Julia gives Jordan some cookies which are the best Jordan has ever tasted ; it turns out Julia is a talented cook as well as a dancer .	Plur
Kamaljeet instantly disapproves of Humpty , and gets him & his friends beaten up .	Plur
Siddarth Srinivas of " Cinemalead " gave 3.5 / 5 and concluded , " Vishal sleeps , you wont ! "	Plur
During this action , her airgroup included Grumman F6F Hellcats and Curtiss SB2C Helldivers .	Plur
Freamon and Prez are to prepare affidavits for the wiretaps , while Sydnor is to track Bernard while Massey monitors Bell .	Plur
Jimmy McNulty , Lester Freamon and Caroline Massey man their wiretapped burners .	Plur
STAR holds at least 3 Fans ' Forums every season .	Plur
Furthermore , adult males have distinctively long and thin claspers .	Plur
Adult males have thin , tapering claspers that extend about two-thirds of the distance between the pelvic and anal fins .	Plur
When he reached the million-pound question , he had already used up all his lifelines .	Plur
Adult males have stubby claspers with the inner margins of the pelvic fins partially fused over them to form an " apron " .	Plur
That act angered other dynasts and groups in monarchist circles .	Plur
Stade des Flandres or ( Salle Dewerdt ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Dunkerque , France .	Plur
Stored hay contains dust and fungal spores that can cause irritation and inflammation , that can lead to COPD , airway and digestive conditions .	Plur
Many , if not all , of the CERT groups coordinate responsible disclosures .	Plur
many different varieties of midges produce similar allergens , giving the same effects upon horses .	Plur
They most recently made " The Happenings " – four one-hour specials for Watch in which the duo use their magic to fake paranormal events .	Plur
They follow army ant swarms to catch insects that are fleeing from the ants .	Plur
Hampson 's chief work is ' Memoirs of the late Rev .	Plur
A founding member of the experimental rock collective , Concorde Crash ( 2001 – 06 ) , he has organised many multidisciplinary cabarets and events in Montreal .	Plur
After their promotion Fulham beat Doncaster Belles again , 4 – 0 this time , on the opening day of the 2002 – 03 league season .	Plur
The rebellion united the Mestizos and the indigenous people and spread to the entire Cochabamba province .	Plur
In 1996 , Mojab claimed that the Iraqi Kurdish nationalist movement " discourages any manifestation of womanhood or political demands for gender equality . "	Plur
Karen Horney and Erik Erikson were both psychoanalysts that were greatly influenced by Sigmund Freud ’ s theories .	Plur
Clients ’ presenting issues have commonly included sexual dysfunctions , lack of healthy intimate experiences , or traumatic history .	Plur
Again the Confederates followed the retreating Federals and ran into heavy fire .	Plur
It manufactured harvesting machinery – reapers , binders , mowers and hay rakes – under the " Champion " brand name .	Plur
the four best teams excluding Yemen qualifies for 2010 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship .	Plur
They could maneuver the toughest terrains and unpaved roads and are still used as means of transport .	Plur
At least 52 municipalities in the Hudson Valley reported raw-sewage spills into local waters .	Plur
In 2013 he presented " Best Bits " .	Plur
A 2-coil autotransformer has only two windings that are required to be switched at transition .	Plur
Jay-Z 's and West 's lyrics include boasts of obscene wealth , grandiosity , and social commentary .	Plur
More and more companies are leaving spreadsheets for automated technologies , while others are adding promotion optimization capabilities .	Plur
This abstract steel sculpture has two large " leg-like " prongs on both sides of a triangular center piece .	Plur
This company approached the Swiss Benedictine Monks in Indiana to send missionaries to Logan County Arkansas in 1878 .	Plur
Sergeant G. R. Crawford led 11 and 12 Platoons of the 2 / 13th Infantry Battalion in a bayonet charge on the Japanese positions covering Ilebbe Creek .	Plur
In mopping up the area , it captured two Japanese stragglers and killed three .	Plur
The Sathyamangalam forests link the Eastern Ghats and Western Ghats allowing gene flow between diverse fauna populations of the two eco-regions .	Plur
This article lists the critical exponents of the ferromagnetic transition in the Ising model .	Plur
She foundered off the Smalls on 25 July 1897 on the way to the breaker 's yard .	Plur
The Tuckies belonged to the descendants of William Langley , younger son of William Langley from nearby manor , the Amies ( c . 1500 ) .	Plur
This port has two Piers , but this cannot be used due to the dilapidated condition .	Plur
Panasuk quickly left the Drillers to join the Wyoming Cavalry of the Indoor Football League ( IFL ) .	Plur
All three owners ordered new Model Ss .	Plur
The earliest surviving Merovingian royal charters , dating to the 7th century , have the box monograms of Chlothar II and Clovis II .	Plur
The tribes to which British Pakistani Punjabis belong include Jats , Gujjars , Awans , Arains , Rajputs and several others .	Plur
The Nauvoo Legion killed around 100 Timpanogos .	Plur
Her 1912 novel " Fleur des ondes " was very successful and she adapted it for the stage the following year .	Plur
A police officer nearby heard the gunshots and rushed to the scene , but the killer had already fled .	Plur
TP53- / - mice ( in which the TP53 gene has been deleted ) do not develop ovarian carcinomas .	Plur
The first edition published in 1933 had several omissions and misprints .	Plur
From this point on , Poirot establishes his psychological bona fides .	Plur
The revelation left Mrs Summerhayes unmoved .	Plur
In these shorthands , R , R ' , and R " represent substituents , alkyl or other attached , generally organic groups .	Plur
With respect to acute toxicity , simple alcohols have low acute toxicities .	Plur
Chess statistician Jeff Sonas considers Karpov 's Linares performance the best tournament result in history .	Plur
The values x and y do not represent actual widths and heights but , rather , the proportion between width and height .	Plur
Full-contact formulas include Bangers , Bombers and Rookie Bangers – and racing features Demolitions Derbies , Figure of Eight racing and Oval Racing .	Plur
These types of tires do not have treads on them .	Plur
These included the cults of Attis , Osiris , and Mithras .	Plur
The mid-side sees a figure-8 microphone pointed off-axis , perpendicular to the sound source .	Plur
The diocese of Aarhus has four deaneries composed of 60 parishes within Aarhus municipality .	Plur
Sections of the forest comprise trees and vegetation representing specific climatic epochs from the last Ice Age to the present .	Plur
Ordering " a set " suffices in most bars and pubs .	Plur
" La Revolte des Anges " ( " Revolt of the Angels " , 1914 ) is often considered Anatole France 's most profound and ironic novel .	Plur
In his journal , Gide distinguishes between adult-attracted " sodomites " and boy-loving " pederasts " , categorizing himself as the latter .	Plur
Almonds contain polyphenols in their skins consisting of flavonols , flavan-3-ols , hydroxybenzoic acids and flavanones analogous to those of certain fruits and vegetables .	Plur
The following month , during protests in Tunis , a Salafi sheikh told young Tunisians to gather and learn to kill Jews .	Plur
The country has four major airbases .	Plur
In 2006 , the US Government donated 3 motorboats to the Azerbaijani navy .	Plur
According to 2016 human development report Armenia has the highest inequality-adjusted HDI and the lowest coefficient of human inequality compared to all of its neighbouring countries .	Plur
However , the latter figures only represent cash remittances processed through Armenian commercial banks .	Plur
He discusses Aristotle 's " Posterior Analytics " and significantly diverged from it on several points .	Plur
Avicennian logic also influenced several early European logicians such as Albertus Magnus and William of Ockham .	Plur
The first verse , quoted most frequently , reads :	Plur
They repaired the dents and cracks in the Botafumeiro and reapplied a 20 micrometre thick plating of silver to the vessel .	Plur
During her reign , Pilkington escaped the Marian persecutions in England by fleeing to the continent , ensuring his survival .	Plur
In order to play back binaural disks , a listener would need two separate pick-ups ( LP cartridges ) , both of them monaural .	Plur
Members of Saccharine Trust also contributed songwriting to the Minutemen 's landmark 1984 album " Double Nickels on the Dime " .	Plur
Mitchell 's widow later sent the Goodies a letter thanking them for making his final moments so pleasant .	Plur
Henry Briggs introduced common ( base 10 ) logarithms , which were easier to use .	Plur
SMS " Rheinland " was one of four s , the first dreadnoughts built for the German Imperial Navy ( " Kaiserliche Marine " ) .	Plur
To expand this educational work , Moses Baker approached benefactors in Britain .	Plur
HSLs carry SIMRAD high-frequency active hull-mounted and side scan sonars .	Plur
The state currently assists over 600,000 disabled Ecuadorians , and provides housing and income for 15,000 people and prostheses for another 4,000 .	Plur
Many of those people received free medical checkups .	Plur
She joined the WRNS shortly afterwards , serving as a clerk and then as a driver .	Plur
He started Broadway Limited Imports in 2001 with partners Tony Wenzel of Oriental Limited and Bob Zimet of QS Industries , maker of QSI sound systems .	Plur
The association provides full-service photo registries and litter registrations .	Plur
Knibb also founded some Free Villages .	Plur
The label 's first success came with instrumental group the Champs , who had their biggest hit in 1958 with " Tequila " .	Plur
This again ceded its exclaves of Geesthacht and Großhansdorf to Schleswig-Holstein .	Plur
For example , while MSXML 3.0 supports only XDR schemas , it does not support XSD schemas .	Plur
However , MSXML 6.0 does not support XDR schemas .	Plur
In 2010 , IKON welcomed back Ennis and Burns .	Plur
Two more Sherlock Holmes pastiches and the remainder of the Secret trilogy were planned , but the press closed in April 2006 .	Plur
The concert had hose sprinklers around the field edge to cool people off , and they hosed the crowd down with firehoses from the stage .	Plur
Originally Local Organisers called up the Donors from their own lists this only changed in the 1990s .	Plur
He succeeded Dame Joan Higgins who was appointed in 2007 .	Plur
No American women flew warplanes in combat .	Plur
The war caused cutbacks in automobile and bus service , and migration from farms and towns to munitions centers .	Plur
Running from 25 May to 3 June , the 2012 show only attracted eight marques to formally display their models .	Plur
Other recent TV includes The Musketeers , Merlin , The Virgin Queen , Fanny Hill , Bleak House , and The Murder Of Stephen Lawrence .	Plur
X-Ray method of Gold analysis gives the purity of gold upto 10-12 microns and hence it gives the analysis of coating only .	Plur
In June 2008 , Juventus were fined a further € 300,000 in three instalments .	Plur
The group bought fishing lofts along Porthmeor beach to use as artists ' studios , after an acrimonious split from the established St Ives Society of Artists .	Plur
On May 14 , 2008 , the FCC issued two Notices of Apparent Liability and Forfeitures to Northland .	Plur
A good season had FC Illichivets Mariupol tying for the fourth together with FC Metalist Kharkiv and FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk .	Plur
In its breeding area it inhabits steppes and other lowland habitats including semi-arid and arid areas .	Plur
Sargent authored various " Fighting Fantasy " gamebooks and novels for Games Workshop from 1988-1995 , some under the pseudonym Keith Martin .	Plur
He told his interrogators " the presence near a black was sufficient reason " to kill the toddler .	Plur
During the rebellion of 1857 , the government quickly contained the mutineers of the Gujarat Irregular Horse and of the 2nd Grenadier Regiment .	Plur
Bradford Trades Council brings together trade unionists in and around Bradford , in West Yorkshire in England .	Plur
Diethynylbenzene dianion describes two deprotonated ethynyl anions attached to a benzene molecule .	Plur
A contemporary fire brigade training manual described the ladders as follows :	Plur
The high integrity of its fabric enhances its representativeness .	Plur
The haptor bears two squamodiscs , one ventral and one dorsal .	Plur
The haptor bears two squamodiscs , one ventral and one dorsal .	Plur
The haptor bears two squamodiscs , one ventral and one dorsal .	Plur
The Hellenic forces included 1000 Spartan hoplites , as well as Ambraciots , Leucadians , and Anactorians .	Plur
The society does not have any bylaws .	Plur
Within four hours , he had released the erotic novel titled " Trump Temptations : The Billionaire & The Bellboy " on Amazon .	Plur
These included one docu-series titled " Elijah Daniel is Insane " , and one scripted comedy titled " Social " co-starring Vine comedian Christine Sydelko .	Plur
It will sometimes forming thickets on coastal pindan sandplains in the Pilbara region .	Plur
Through this space paraded the most important political , cultural , and sports spokesmen of the official sector and became a national reference .	Plur
One of the main areas of interest for Gallo was tumor-causing retroviruses .	Plur
He was one of the founders of the Uzbek Drama Theater named after Kirov ( now named Babur ) Osh .	Plur
Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania , 447 of them received Classrooms for the Future grant awards .	Plur
If followed the tribulations of a sterile lady , Jeanne Montrose , who encourages her husband to force himself on the much younger Fernande .	Plur
The two 16 year-olds formed The Regulars with bassist Fritz Vankosky and singer Tim Demarte in early 1985 .	Plur
The Deckers also raced snowmobiles alongside the family of Danica Patrick .	Plur
Unfortunately , his identity remains hidden .	Plur
Mutants lacking this gene or its product have spores that exhibit outer coat defects .	Plur
In the early 16th century the Drapers shut the Mercers out of the trade and make the Shearmen purely subcontractors , creating an effective monopoly .	Plur
On 5 September 2007 , Scania launched the all-new G-series , with a cab height between the P-series and the R-series .	Plur
He was then a teacher at the Ecole des arts et métiers , where he had Gaston Thévoz as a student .	Plur
Off the field , Johnson enjoys working out and traveling .	Plur
He supported Algerians against French colonialists in French Algeria .	Plur
The uniforms replaced the 1972 red pinstriped throwbacks from last season .	Plur
Though it was a home game , they wore the grey throwbacks to correspond to the franchise 's first game at Shea Stadium .	Plur
The Detroit Tigers donned Detroit Stars throwbacks for Negro League tribute night against the Atlanta Braves on April 27 .	Plur
The Brewers wore the 1913 American Association throwbacks on May 5 against the Cardinals , who wore corresponding throwbacks .	Plur
The San Diego Padres wore their orange , gold and brown home throwbacks from the 1984 season against the Washington Nationals on May 17 .	Plur
On July 12 , they wore throwbacks of the 1948 Padres of the Pacific Coast League against the Giants .	Plur
The Cubs wore their 1909 throwbacks , as well .	Plur
The Angels and Athletics wore 1969 throwbacks on July 27 .	Plur
The Philadelphia Phillies wore their 1991 home pinstripe throwbacks on August 23 against the Diamondbacks , who wore their 1999 black alternate throwbacks .	Plur
Magill forceps are angled forceps used to guide a tracheal tube into the larynx or a nasogastric tube into the esophagus under direct vision .	Plur
The village sits c. above sea level and the small population is predominantly Sunni Muslim .	Plur
Meanwhile , back in Serbia , Maclean had noticed a few German Junkers 52 flying northbound .	Plur
Busybody 's daughters Bass and Meddlesome became successful broodmares .	Plur
Discipline soon disintegrates and the patients , led by Richard , start to resist authority .	Plur
He changed 10 wardrobes in the song .	Plur
Huo and Du defeated the mutineers and captured and executed Liu .	Plur
At the time of Strabo the city boasted two remarkable orators , Euthydemos and Hybreas .	Plur
Du Hamel leaves the Oratorians in 1653 , but is then put in charge of the parish of Neuilly-sur-Marne .	Plur
In addition to show horses , he raced thoroughbreds and had an avid interest in baseball and football .	Plur
The first wave of 1980s experimental rock groups had few direct precedents for their sound .	Plur
The practice of intentionally blurring the boundaries between fiction and fact has many precedents .	Plur
Some " deli-style " mustard incorporates horseradish , which actually makes it a little spicier than spicy brown .	Plur
Variations include Arran mustards with whisky , brandied peach mustard , cognac mustard , Irish " pub " mustard with whiskey , and Jack Daniel 's mustard .	Plur
The Italians lost two M13 / 40s .	Plur
Heyden outputs 2700 tonnes of steam per hour , has 32 pulverised coal burners , and its chimney is 225 metres high .	Plur
He conducted these observatories until 1873 , when a central meteorological station was erected .	Plur
The festival includes reenactments of the Battle of Karbala , and the playing of tassa and dhol drums .	Plur
Human seasonal flu vaccines contain about 45 micrograms of antigen , while an experimental A ( H5N1 ) vaccine contains 180 .	Plur
In 1994 he left the USGS to accept a position at Oregon State University , where he served on the faculty until retiring in 2001 .	Plur
He won four Trans-Mississippi Amateurs , in 1947 , 1949 , 1952 , and 1956 .	Plur
As such , their radio network blanketed large chunks of the Midwest and Southwest .	Plur
His work often appears at StarkReports.com , " The Huffington Post " , " Daily Kos " and several other group-blogs .	Plur
Muhammad , however , by " instituting rights of property ownership , inheritance , education and divorce , gave women certain basic safeguards " .	Plur
As she climbs the stairs , she hears gunshots .	Plur
Other works attributed to Gieng include monumental crucifixes , stonework in the church of Tafers , statues , tombstones and heraldic motifs .	Plur
Its lower body features the speckles which give it its name .	Plur
The pair won two silvers and a bronze at the World Championships from 1928 through 1930 .	Plur
This effectively replaced the mumps instant game over from " Skool Daze " .	Plur
He similarly advised the Elves at Eregion not to forge the Rings of Power under Annatar 's tutelage , though they ignored his warning .	Plur
He found rich lodes of metals in the Echoriath surrounding the city , and forged weapons of steel stronger than had been seen before .	Plur
These include Tibetans , Uyghurs , Manchus , Zhuang , Dai , Mongolians , Naxi , Miao , Wa , Yi , and Lisu .	Plur
U.S. Route 1 ( US 1 ) , along with State Route 4 ( SR 4 ) , connects Wrens .	Plur
Under his rule the Elves of Eregion became friends with Annatar , Lord of Gifts , and created the Rings of Power .	Plur
102 ) " , the International Labour Organization ( ILO ) formally defined the social contingencies covered by social security .	Plur
In December , the coaches put out " Trial Eights " where two crews from the same university race each other over the full Boat Race course .	Plur
Other trials boat names have included such pairings as " Guns " and " Roses . "	Plur
It discussed subcultures involving drugs ( narcotics ) , phreaking , cyberpunk , pornography , the Grateful Dead and related issues .	Plur
The Indian government issues Identity Certificates to members of the large Tibetan exile community .	Plur
China does not currently recognise North Korean defectors as refugees and subjects them to immediate deportation if caught .	Plur
where the left side has formula _ 232 summands .	Plur
where the sums have formula _ 235 summands .	Plur
With the help of the Dirichlet 's unit theorem , we can prove the compactness of formula _ 610 in an alternative way .	Plur
The family includes many lianas , climbing by tendrils , by twining , or rarely , by aerial roots .	Plur
In the North Frisian area , it includes the mudflats around the geest-based and marsh islands and the " Halligen " ( undyked islands ) .	Plur
Pleasure crafters and fishermen agreed upon avoiding moulting areas of barnacle geese during moult time .	Plur
A 2006 survey of ontologies available on the web collected 688 OWL ontologies .	Plur
The same survey collected 587 RDFS vocabularies .	Plur
OWL ontologies can import other ontologies , adding information from the imported ontology to the current ontology .	Plur
Cadbury joined Cadbury Schweppes in 1964 .	Plur
In the classical period , performances included three tragedies and one pastoral drama , depicting four different episodes of the same myth .	Plur
Birds include sandpipers , terns ( visitors only ) , eagles , falcons , seagulls , herons , and kingfishers .	Plur
Local residents hired diggers to unearth the bodies in the mass grave after twelve years .	Plur
It required three EVAs by the station crew to complete the installation .	Plur
Mzilikazi therefore travelled southeastwards to what became known as Matabeleland ( situated in the southwest of present-day Zimbabwe ) and settled there in 1840 .	Plur
Founders Hall houses boys dorms , offices , classrooms , the chapel , and the dining hall .	Plur
To close the season , Dodd led the Vols to a victory in the mud over previously undefeated Florida , replacing the injured starter Roy Witt .	Plur
Dodd sometimes made unusual substitutions , as in the 1952 game against Georgia , when Georgia Tech seemed about to be upset .	Plur
Budge portrays Yohannes as a contemptible character , " only tolerated because he belonged to the Solomonic line .	Plur
During the development of this generation of the U-body minivan , General Motors extensively benchmarked the then current Chrysler minivans .	Plur
When she gingerly approaches , the dying Man revives and grabs her hand .	Plur
R-Class racing sloops were built to the Universal Rule developed by Nathanael Herreshoff .	Plur
Some people have used beta blockers for performance type social anxiety , or " stage fright . "	Plur
Stutterers also use beta blockers to avoid fight / flight responses , hence reducing the tendency to stutter .	Plur
The posterior end of males protrudes slightly , while females are more rounded .	Plur
The columella has several plaits on a thickened rim , decreasing in size towards the posterior end .	Plur
The condemned are wearing blindfolds for the majority of the video and playing their instruments whereas the executioners are dressed as soldiers .	Plur
Popular aids used include kicking tees and mounds of sand on which to place the ball .	Plur
On October 1 , 2010 the Constitutional Court of Ukraine overturned the 2004 Constitutional Amendments , considering them unconstitutional .	Plur
Like other mussels , this species releases larvae called glochidia that lodge in the gills of fish to develop into juvenile mussels .	Plur
His hair caught in a wind , the wanderer gazes out on a landscape covered in a thick sea of fog .	Plur
Species in this genus have actual siphons , rather than unfused apertures , as do most other freshwater mussels .	Plur
The Festival of Britain in 1951 gave guilds and federations	Plur
During May 2005 , it overtook both the Spanish and Italian language Wikipedias .	Plur
It is also expressed blood platelets .	Plur
VMATs transport monoamines from the cytosol into high-concentration storage vesicles .	Plur
The travel demand modeling performed as part of the DEIS forecast less than 3,500 daily boardings on the 15.5-mile system in 2025 .	Plur
As a comparison , the 19-mile TRAX light rail system in Salt Lake City has over 43,000 daily boardings .	Plur
Renamed and " Caldas " respectively , they served the Colombians as the .	Plur
Plants synthesize phytochemicals for many reasons , including to protect themselves against insect attacks and plant diseases .	Plur
They include the colourful anthocyanins , hormone-mimicking phytoestrogens , and astringent tannins .	Plur
Juveniles have light speckles on their bodies and heads , while the coloring of adults is almost completely uniform .	Plur
During the 1970s and 1980s , humans sometimes killed the alligators , because they believed they were pests , out of fear , or for their meat .	Plur
Captive-born Chinese alligators have been reintroduced into their native range , boosting the wild population .	Plur
Colonel John Eager Howard of Baltimore commanded the Continentals and Colonels Tate and Triplett commanded the experienced militia .	Plur
John Eager Howard shouted , " Charge bayonets ! "	Plur
Loose aggregations of 500 or more birds occasionally occur in winter .	Plur
They feed nestlings at least once and sometimes twice per day or night .	Plur
In 2001 Rybak defeated incumbent Mayor Sharon Sayles Belton , receiving 57,739 votes ( 64.7 % ) to her 30,896 ( 34.6 % ) .	Plur
The distribution deal with Warner Bros. ended , returning 4AD to independent status , and without Warner Bros. " Slide " received less promotion .	Plur
Both harbour and spotted seals are aquatically mating pinnipeds .	Plur
They do form stable peroxides .	Plur
Other uses in electronics include phosphors in fluorescent lamps and solid-state light-emitting diodes ( LEDs ) .	Plur
This gadolinium ( I ) chloride forms platelets with layered graphite-like structure .	Plur
He also composed 300 hexameters of Latin verse , in a single morning , for a special event at school at the age of 13 .	Plur
Leibniz exploited infinitesimals in developing calculus , manipulating them in ways suggesting that they had paradoxical algebraic properties .	Plur
American Leibniz studies owe much to Leroy Loemker ( 1904 – 1985 ) through his translations and his interpretive essays in LeClerc ( 1973 ) .	Plur
Sword & Sorcery Studios also published three paperback supplements for the d20 version of " Gamma World " :	Plur
The ancient Egyptians also employed magical incantations , which have been found inscribed on amulets and other items .	Plur
Newer automobiles use GUIs in their navigation systems and multimedia centers , or navigation multimedia center combinations .	Plur
Plants which reproduce sexually also have gametes .	Plur
Two more novels are planned in the series : " The Winds of Winter " and the final volume " A Dream of Spring " .	Plur
Sometime later , the Andals invaded Westeros and established the Faith of the Seven , writing , and steel .	Plur
The Great Hall had 35 hearths and seated thousands .	Plur
Braavos has many moneylenders and the Iron Bank of Braavos lends money to foreign nations , including the Seven Kingdoms .	Plur
Men from Pentos wear dyed and forked beards .	Plur
Several characters see Ibbenese whalers and cogs at the ports of King 's Landing , Braavos , Maidenpool , Eastwatch-by-the-Sea , and the Iron Islands .	Plur
The current FIDE ratings list includes over 1,000 Grandmasters .	Plur
Earthworks include embankments , tunnels , dikes and levees , channels , reservoirs , deposition of hazardous waste and sanitary landfills .	Plur
leg mooring systems have vertical tethers under tension providing large restoring moments in pitch and roll .	Plur
He made a few acquaintances , including Victor Hugo .	Plur
He occasionally visited Parisian acquaintances , including Émile Zola , Alphonse Daudet , Ivan Turgenev , and Edmond and Jules de Goncourt .	Plur
It has no zeroes , so the reciprocal gamma function is a holomorphic function .	Plur
Currently all front ends use hand-written recursive-descent parsers .	Plur
Because of this restriction , Galen performed anatomical dissections on living ( vivisection ) and dead animals , mostly focusing on pigs and primates .	Plur
According to his autobiography , he and Shaw played cowboys in a silent film that was never released .	Plur
From the early 20th century , his fictional work included caricatures of Jews , stereotyping them as greedy , cowardly , disloyal and communists .	Plur
Spectators preferred to watch highly skilled , well matched " ordinarii " with complementary fighting styles ; these were the most costly to train and to hire .	Plur
Flamma was awarded the " rudis " four times , but chose to remain a gladiator .	Plur
Under Tiberius , the Larinum decree ( 19AD ) reiterated Augustus ' original prohibitions .	Plur
In the aftermath of Cannae , Scipio Africanus crucified Roman deserters and had non-Roman deserters thrown to the beasts .	Plur
Genome editing uses artificially engineered nucleases that create breaks at specific points .	Plur
Biopharmaceuticals produced include cytokines , hormones , antibodies , enzymes and vaccines , most of which are accumulated in the plant seeds .	Plur
By using microinjection and radiation scientist have now created the first genetically modified flatworms .	Plur
He also holds Visiting Professorships at Imperial College London and at the University of Leicester and is an Honorary Fellow of Darwin College , Cambridge .	Plur
Robinson created Cartoonists & Writers Syndicate in 1984 in New York City .	Plur
He sees as the animating undercurrents of Japan the unconscious faith of the Japanese people in kotodama , onryo , kegare , and wa , or harmony .	Plur
It can only be found on flowering plants of the species " Morus " , the mulberries .	Plur
The museum collection includes descendents of trees with historical connections to Joan of Arc , Johnny Appleseed , and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow .	Plur
On October 3 , 2013 , Zugara released a Kinect enabled version of the Webcam Social Shopper software called , " WSS For Kiosks " .	Plur
The team entered the 2010 Nova Scotia Scotties Tournament of Hearts , where they quickly found success .	Plur
The team entered the 2012 Nova Scotia Scotties Tournament of Hearts , where they finished round robin with a 4-3 record .	Plur
Turning The Tables ( Waiters , Barbara , Harry )	Plur
He joined the Yonkers , New York-based technical death metal band Malignancy in 2003 , replacing Roger J. Beaujard .	Plur
The stone vaults of Karakol culture contain coals and ashes .	Plur
Yorkshire Fittings then became IMI Yorkshire Fittings .	Plur
He also cut acetates , which he supplied to local sound systems .	Plur
The 2016 Dhaka Art Summit included curators from the Tate Modern , Centre Pompidou , and Kunsthalle Zurich .	Plur
in February 2005 , they founded Echo Global Logistics , a technology-based enterprise transportation management firm , which went public on the NASDAQ under the symbol ECHO .	Plur
During the 2016 season , he impressed the pundits although the team failed to perform as expected .	Plur
On October 25 , 2011 , Comedy Central renewed " Workaholics " for a third season at the time the show 's second season was still airing .	Plur
Other wildlife within the reserve include black lichen peatlands and spruce forests , which are essential .	Plur
He published a well-received novel " 4 años a bordo de mí mismo " in 1934 , although it was initially thought of as pornographic .	Plur
Players can send invites to their friends on Facebook for more rewards .	Plur
They most resemble the hoopoes with their long curved bills , used to probe for insects , and short rounded wings .	Plur
Large impacts often create swarms of small secondary craters from the debris that is blasted out as a consequence of the impact .	Plur
Enterprises can easily diversify their external DNS and instantaneously add redundancy , with added simplicity .	Plur
The same dashboard manages the customer 's private cloud DNS and internal DNS as well ; automatically and securely keeping everything in sync .	Plur
The stone carved escutcheon built into the façade of the castle contains three scallops referring to Steinbach and Limerlé , and three sickles referring to Grumelscheid .	Plur
Unbranched 1-alkenylsuccinic anhydrides , which can be obtained from 1-alkenes , are solid at room temperature and not suited for engine sizing from aqueous emulsion .	Plur
Eckardt hires two inept crooks to attack Kerrigan after a practice session in Detroit .	Plur
In 1966 Rosa won first prize in the competition " Nuevos Valores ” at the Centro Deportivo Israelita .	Plur
The Padres hired Mathews to their major league staff as their outfield coach before the 2017 season .	Plur
" Until You Were Gone " is a song by American DJ duos The Chainsmokers and Tritonal , featuring vocals from American singer Emily Warren .	Plur
The video portrays The Chainsmokers and Tritonal fighting for the same girl ( who is a gym instructor ) .	Plur
In March 2013 , Rockefeller University organized a symposium entitled " Genetics of Lipid Disorders and Atherosclerosis " to mark his seventieth birthday .	Plur
In the 1930s he participated in the Second Italo-Ethiopian War and the Spanish Civil War , commanding MAS , submarines and torpedo boats .	Plur
Austrian Cisleithania contained various duchies and principalities but also the Kingdom of Bohemia , the Kingdom of Dalmatia , the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria .	Plur
In the United Kingdom , the Prime Ministers Disraeli , Stanley Baldwin , Neville Chamberlain , Winston Churchill and Harold Macmillan were one nation conservatives .	Plur
Cats eventually displaced ferrets as the pest control of choice because they were more pleasant to have around the house and were more enthusiastic hunters of mice .	Plur
Many cultures have negative superstitions about cats .	Plur
The people collected the embers and ashes of the fire and took them home , believing that they brought good luck .	Plur
The French kings often witnessed these spectacles and even lit the bonfire with their own hands .	Plur
Locals and defending armies have often held out citadels long after the city had fallen .	Plur
Mail artwork includes headdresses , decorative wall hangings , ornaments , chess sets , macrame , and jewelry .	Plur
500 – 494 BC ) , and Euripides , Seneca , and Apolodorus , all have Heracles descend into the underworld there .	Plur
Bacchylides ( 5th century BC ) also mentions Heracles bringing Cerberus up from the underworld , with no further details .	Plur
Darwin case uses underscores between words with initial uppercase letters , as in " Sample _ Type " .	Plur
Cereals contain exogenous opioid peptides called exorphins and include opioid food peptides like Gluten exorphin and opioid food peptides .	Plur
The Christian empires were replaced by secular , even anti-clerical republics seeking to definitively keep the churches out of politics .	Plur
In these respects , the coyote resembles the fox-like progenitors of the genus more so than the wolf .	Plur
Melanistic coyotes owe their black pelts to a mutation that first arose in domestic dogs .	Plur
The incisors erupt at about 12 days , the canines at 16 , and the second premolars at 21 .	Plur
By the age of four to five weeks , pups have established dominance hierarchies , and are by then more likely to play rather than fight .	Plur
Howard imagined the Cimmerians as a pre-Celtic people with mostly black hair and blue or grey eyes .	Plur
Columbia also operates several greenbelts with trails and parks throughout town .	Plur
Many New Testament passages criticise the Pharisees and it has been argued that these passages have shaped the way that Christians viewed Jews .	Plur
However , on 12 June 2009 , the House Armed Services Air and Land Forces Subcommittee added a further 17 C-17s .	Plur
On 13 January 2013 , the RAF deployed two C-17s of No .	Plur
Like Australia , Canada was granted airframes originally slated for the U.S. Air Force , to accelerate delivery .	Plur
In January 2010 , India requested 10 C-17s through the U.S. ' s Foreign Military Sales program , the sale was approved by Congress in June 2010 .	Plur
The nation ordered two C-17s ; the first was delivered on 13 February 2014 .	Plur
Commonly people compare Garbage Collectors in terms of RAM consumption optimization and receive different results .	Plur
This subfamily includes all living canids and their most recent fossil relatives .	Plur
Central Asia has the following geographic extremes :	Plur
On 25 December 333 , Constantine I elevated Constans to the rank of " Caesar " at Constantinople .	Plur
By 1981 , a total of seventeen Nation Football League teams had their own cheerleaders .	Plur
ICU World Championships : The International Cheer Union currently encompasses 105 National Federations from countries across the globe .	Plur
Many who were hired to head those departments were so-called " nestlings of Alexander Keren " .	Plur
One important distinction divides the broad term ' clitics ' into two categories , simple clitics and special clitics .	Plur
The Commonwealth 's membership includes both republics and monarchies .	Plur
NCAA rules do not allow student-athletes to use correspondence courses taken from another institution to remain eligible .	Plur
Shortly afterwards , he joined the Los Angeles D-Fenders of the NBA D-League .	Plur
Game became increasingly scarce , and McCunn set snares for rabbits , but the traps were frequently raided by wolves and foxes .	Plur
Heimdall then accompanied the Asgardians into the Dark Nebula .	Plur
At the École des beaux-arts in Paris , he completed a diploma of architecture in 1954 .	Plur
They are seed-eating gerbils and feed on the seeds of the common evergreen " Thymelaea hirsuta " .	Plur
The station went all-sports as WGMP ( The Game ) on March 18 , 1994 .	Plur
Huet excludes Histories if the authors wanted to give rue accounts and just failed and he excludes " fables " :	Plur
Huet mentions " Sybaritian Fables " and the love fiction of Ovid , yet only Petronius wrote something like a " romance " in Latin .	Plur
Both also suffered concussions and were subsequently hospitalized .	Plur
In more arduous conditions 25 volts RMS alternating current / 60 volts ( ripple-free ) direct current can be specified to further reduce hazard .	Plur
10 from the Brazilian Ministry of Labor and Employment as any voltage " not exceeding 50 volts a.c. or 120 volts d.c. " .	Plur
The javelin penetrated over ten centimetres and not four as we initially thought .	Plur
In 2006 he published his memoirs " C ’ est dans la poche !	Plur
Stewie , appalled at Bertram 's apparent death , despairs until he notices a twinkle in Peter 's eye , signifying that Bertram is still alive .	Plur
Following 2007 's Montreal race , Gordon showed his sorrows by willingly skipping two races at the track .	Plur
Víctor Balaguer published the Occitan sonnet " Las !	Plur
They contain fine medieval misericords which have carved figures .	Plur
It contains many perennials which are widely distributed in the New World .	Plur
In addition to his work on the Vulcans , he also designed the original Klingons , Romulans and the majority of the other aliens in the series .	Plur
A condition in his will forbade the inheritors of his estate from permitting the construction or use of any building for the sale of intoxicating liquor .	Plur
In the design of funerary monuments he employed coloured marbles , characterised by Rupert Gunnis as " school of Henry Cheere " .	Plur
The counts of Auvergne installed the viscounts at Mâcon .	Plur
The Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine also had 60 T 13s and Oldenburg had ten of this class .	Plur
In addition to his overseeing of these artifacts ’ destruction , he actively tortured Mayans in order to produce confessions of idolatry .	Plur
On 5 August 1968 he became Director , Military Assistance Overseas , back at the Ministry of Defence , stepping down on 15 May 1969 .	Plur
The tidal action deposits silts back on the channels and raising the bed , it forms new islands and creeks contributing to uncertain geomorphology .	Plur
The forest staff , using motorboats and launches , protect the park from illegal poaching and theft .	Plur
Two other members of the party , Lieutenant Frederick Tubb and Corporal William Dunstan , were also awarded VCs .	Plur
These police forces do not have independent Police Authorities and their founding statutes ( if any ) do not generally prescribe their structure and formation .	Plur
Nicol accompanied his team-mates to many of the funerals and memorial services of the 96 fans who died at the Hillsborough disaster .	Plur
The Crown sold many chantries to private citizens ; for example , in 1548 Thomas Bell of Gloucester purchased at least five in his city .	Plur
Also , the Twentieth Air Force periodically diverted the Superfortresses from strategic targets to support theater commanders in Southeast Asia and the southwestern Pacific .	Plur
The broodstock diet includes sardines , squid and formulated feeds , as well as vitamin and mineral supplements .	Plur
The larvae require rotifers for at least four days after hatching .	Plur
The building now houses the Kirby Center Lofts .	Plur
The game was awarded the " Best Audio " 2012 Game Developers Choice Awards .	Plur
Babi tells the Buddies that they are heading to the oasis .	Plur
The beach also attracts many lovebirds ; one such couple is Senthilnathan ( Sivakarthikeyan ) and Swapna Sundari ( Oviya ) .	Plur
The core of the construction employed commercial aluminium ladders in the fuselage and as spars in both wings .	Plur
Against Purdue on October 11 , he intercepted quarterback Drew Brees in the end zone , ending their first drive of the game .	Plur
The second group were not issued bayonets , for fear that they would become as bloodthirsty .	Plur
The sign on the white box truck Rick and Glenn requisition to rescue their supplies from the Atlanta department store reads " Ferenc Builders " .	Plur
He uses garden scissors to castrates himself .	Plur
Another gang had overrun the Vatos , killed everyone inside , and stole their food and supplies	Plur
Producer Gale Anne Hurd added , " Stakes are higher , dissension develops , rivalries intensify . "	Plur
Producer Gale Anne Hurd added , " Stakes are higher , dissension develops , rivalries intensify . "	Plur
He had two uncles ( Jan Theodoor ) Jozef Linnig and Egide Linnig who were both painters and engravers .	Plur
In his graphic work he traced the lineaments with great care , but also displayed a great level of exuberance .	Plur
In addition to the main building , the site included two gatehouses , buildings housing machinery , and dwelling houses for officers and staff .	Plur
Griffith repeatedly landed right uppercuts on Paret 's head .	Plur
In 2016 , they released " Foreign Tongues " as a single featuring Eleni Drake .	Plur
He also studied personality correlates of brain function .	Plur
John Henry Mason Hawkes ( c . 1827 – 14 October 1858 ) married Frances Ann Symonds ( c . 1831 – 15 February 1902 )	Plur
Lightning strikes over or near water have caused electric shock drownings .	Plur
Mihidana of Bardhaman in West Bengal get the Geographical Indications of West Bengal on 29 April 2017 for the innovative and unique sweet .	Plur
His parents were trade unionists and Toivo joined the Social Democratic youth organization at the age of 8 .	Plur
In addition to the prize money the company was granted other perks from companies represented among panel judges .	Plur
The volcanism included the Uijna and Carcote ignimbrites and the stratovolcanoes on the border between Chile and Bolivia .	Plur
He joined the first division Greek club Panionios in 2012 .	Plur
Southwick Wood lost its elms in the late 1960s due to Dutch elm disease , and it now has oak , ash , field maple and hazel .	Plur
Instead , he wants Squires to eat Charlotte , as the Sphinx would .	Plur
Charlotte is past saving , and Tyler places a bullet on Squires 's desk , reminding Squires of the principle of Chekhov 's gun .	Plur
Over the next few months , the Ustaše deported around 120,000 Serbs .	Plur
However , clay plasters still exist after hundreds of years clinging to split lath on rusty square nails .	Plur
The gland has short , striated ducts and long , intercalated ducts .	Plur
( " Who let these lunatics on TV ?	Plur
Coal-fired power stations include devices called scrubbers to remove sulphur from their exhaust emissions .	Plur
Cooper , Grissom and Shepard were soon racing their Corvettes around Cape Canaveral , with the police turning a blind eye to their exploits .	Plur
Two powerful families had for decades assembled colony-wide coalitions of supporters .	Plur
In the late 20th century , telecommunication and high technology industries employed many New Yorkers .	Plur
Most modern CPUs reorder memory accesses to improve execution efficiency ( see memory ordering for types of reordering allowed ) .	Plur
Some brazes come in the form of trifoils , laminated foils of a carrier metal clad with a layer of braze at each side .	Plur
Carbon can negatively influence some steels .	Plur
Most normal female fish have two ovaries .	Plur
Cystovaries characterize most teleosts , where the ovary lumen has continuity with the oviduct .	Plur
In 2010 , the firm assisted Silicon Valley attorney Ted Wang in creating the first free standardized seed round financing documents , the Series Seed Documents .	Plur
English folklore includes many superstitions surrounding hot cross buns .	Plur
He continued growing cherries on the property , and engaged in his hobby of horticulture .	Plur
The programs use re-enactments , interviews , eyewitness testimony , computer-generated imagery , cockpit voice recordings , and official reports to reconstruct the sequences of events .	Plur
Abbreviated AMPS , the company was created in 1978 to build and operate the new Advanced Mobile Phone System , also abbreviated AMPS .	Plur
STS Media maintains close working relationships with all the major Hollywood studios .	Plur
Each was assigned three carpenters and a seamstress and allotted $ 80,000 to complete the task .	Plur
One of the first applications in this field was testing microchips used in Swatch watches .	Plur
Each stop caters for bus services to different destinations .	Plur
Patients may also take iron supplements , potassium chloride , thyroxine and other vitamins to replenish what minerals the kidneys have leaked out .	Plur
The breed tolerates extremes of temperature well , and has remained a healthy breed through " refresher breeding " ( Auffrischungszucht , outcrossing ) .	Plur
In early 2002 , the web site Heartless Bitches International ( HBI ) published several " rants " on the concept of the Nice Guy .	Plur
Kolej DPAH Abdillah produced great orators in 1980 , winning the Chief Minister 's Cup Malay Debate Championship .	Plur
Going back to the pre-war years many talented clubs have graced the local Pitches .	Plur
The dining saloon seated 350 diners at small tables designed for between two and six diners in " roomy and moveable " red Morocco chairs .	Plur
The area also features one large and several smaller hydro-electric impoundments .	Plur
It garnered plums in both regional and national secondary press conferences .	Plur
The HP-01 used 7 light-emitting diodes ( LEDs ) / digit in a 7 digit + decimal point arrangement for its digital display .	Plur
It also has rubber gaskets for moisture and dust protection , although weather sealing is only effective if the photographer uses a weather-resistant camera body .	Plur
From its inception through June 30 , 1945 , the Crystal City camp held 4,751 internees and saw 153 births .	Plur
By 1905 the Southern Pacific had established railheads in Uvalde , Knippa , and Sabinal .	Plur
Tribes present at the time of conquest included the Comanches and Apache .	Plur
As of 2011 Starr County has about 55 colonias .	Plur
Comanche bands continued depredations on settlers until their removal to Oklahoma after 1875 .	Plur
After 1877 and through the early 20th century , Sabine County had 10 lynchings of blacks by whites in acts of racial terrorism .	Plur
In the Red River War of 1874-75 , United States Army troops led by Ranald S. Mackenzie drove out the Comanches .	Plur
Reeves County comprises the Pecos , TX Micropolitan Statistical Area .	Plur
He tells the living enforcers to tell Golem to leave him alone after he returns the diamonds .	Plur
Mind-Wave dies when a nearby grenade explodes .	Plur
The decay chain of U quickly yields strong gamma radiation emitters :	Plur
Civilian uses include counterweights in aircraft , radiation shielding in medical radiation therapy and industrial radiography equipment , and containers used to transport radioactive materials .	Plur
This also includes traditional Christian Ministries that share the resources of treasure , time and talent .	Plur
Del Rosario enlisted songwriters that included Joaquin Francisco Sanchez , Vehnee Saturno and Christine Bendebel .	Plur
The album 's lead single , " In Love With You " , featured singer-songwriter Jacky Cheung .	Plur
She enlisted Japanese songwriters and producers such as Mariya Takeuchi , and Tatsushi Umeyaki during its recording .	Plur
Released on January 30 , 2006 , " Covers , Vol .	Plur
In the second game , the Hawks tied the Regina Capitals 4-4 .	Plur
In the league semifinal , the Northern Hawks defeated the Nipigon Elks 3-games-to-1 .	Plur
OC Oerlikon currently has three Segments :	Plur
In December 2001 , Unaxis spun off Leybold Optics once again , but retained the vacuum technology division .	Plur
AnkyrinR enables erythrocytes to resist shear forces experienced in the circulation .	Plur
They abandoned these cultivations to focus on their Javanese plantations in order to avoid lowering the price by oversupply .	Plur
Large coffee estates and plantations often export their own harvests or have direct arrangements with a transnational coffee processing or distributing company .	Plur
Both male and female Sikhs wear similar undergarments .	Plur
Avery married fellow BBC weather presenter Helen Willetts in October 2006 and became a father in January 2007 .	Plur
The slug sequesters the chloroplasts from all of these species and uses them for photosynthesis .	Plur
The village had three functioning boreholes providing fair quality potable water , which the women collected .	Plur
Some families had latrines while others used the bushes .	Plur
He found two paleolithic bone harpoons .	Plur
It also contains large marshlands stretching up into Jonglei state .	Plur
In this context , it recalled the Geneva Conventions and Protocols I and II , with particular attention to references concerning the protection of journalists .	Plur
From 1989 until 1992 , Medo coached the Detroit Turbos of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League winning the 1991 league championship .	Plur
The Mother has ascertained , " Those who surrender to me , need not pray to the planetary Lords .	Plur
The forewing has one to three eyespots with white centres and the hindwing has two .	Plur
The underside of the wings also have these eyespots , and the underside of the hindwing is mottled with brown and grey streaks .	Plur
Thick blackberry brambles and vines grow among maple and other trees in the urban forest .	Plur
He has covered Nirvana 's hit " Smells Like Teen Spirit " in live performances .	Plur
CISDL members include learned jurists and scholars from all regions of the world , and a diversity of legal traditions .	Plur
Working with Remo Forlani , she also produced television programs for children , in particular , " Terre des Enfants " ( Children of Earth ) .	Plur
8th seed Marcel Granollers won the title .	Plur
He also included mosses and liverworts .	Plur
Earlier , Olympiacos had eliminated Panathinaikos , with an impressive appearance at the extra time .	Plur
In October 2008 Megger Group Ltd. acquired Pax Diagnostics in Sweden .	Plur
It served " British bangers " and beer .	Plur
Officials gave out commemorative shovels and had a total of 2,453 people assist in the ceremony to set a new Guinness Book World Record .	Plur
The other species form two superspecies .	Plur
In the program , broadcast on 11 January 2011 , Gibbins explained that her experience working with her supported charities had literally changed her life .	Plur
A more luxurious variety may include chopped walnuts , almonds , or hazelnuts .	Plur
At Holmes Junior High School , he performed in his first play , " Daddy Long Legs " .	Plur
Brick shafts on the periphery hold stairwells and air ducts , producing an effect reminiscent of the ancient Italian towers that Kahn had painted several years earlier .	Plur
Kargoth , in turn , gathered thirteen fellow Knight Protectors to his cause , who were also transformed into death knights by Demogorgon .	Plur
The second run added smoothness and shine , and the final print run added the fine details to the seal .	Plur
While at the " Times " , she wrote a regular column entitled " Hers " .	Plur
Storm also recurs more of her own episodes in " Savage Land Pt .	Plur
A young white-haired child is seen watching the interrogations while a storm begins to brew .	Plur
The Department of Treasury has had the most foreign-born Secretaries , with five .	Plur
The departments of Defense , Justice , Health and Human Services , Energy , Education , Veterans Affairs and Homeland Security have not had foreign-born Secretaries .	Plur
In 1917 , he married Maude Mayes .	Plur
Tronstad and Brun supplied the would-be saboteurs with extensive knowledge of the facility , and organized the training .	Plur
The margarine contains both milk and vegetable fats , giving it a more buttery taste than pure margarine .	Plur
Desmond " Des " Geraghty ( born 27 October 1943 ) is a former Irish politician and trade union leader .	Plur
Popular places for this include day cares , grade schools , and nursing homes .	Plur
Singer Kinya Kotani also described sadness in Syaoran 's strength , and said he had both forwarding-facing and backward-facing characteristics .	Plur
It will accept drop-offs only from private and commercial vessels .	Plur
It is likely Australia 's national soccer team ( the Socceroos ) will play some World Cup Qualifiers and friendlies at the venue in the coming years .	Plur
SBACI also control the messes and clubs .	Plur
Red deer stags often have erect penises during combat .	Plur
Cetaceans have fibroelastic penises , similar to those of Artiodactyla .	Plur
Tapirs have exceptionally long penises relative to their body size .	Plur
Domestic cats have barbed penises , with about 120 – 150 one millimeter long backwards-pointing spines .	Plur
Lions also have barbed penises .	Plur
In Pseudorhyzomys , the baculum ( penis bone ) displays large protuberances at the sides .	Plur
A series of muscular contractions delivers semen , containing male gametes known as sperm cells or spermatozoa , from the penis .	Plur
He has narrated and appeared in the documentary , " Benefits By the Sea : Jaywick " ( 2015-2016 ) .	Plur
Several people have criticized critical vocabularies as tools of alienation or obfuscation .	Plur
They are sometimes called Lagrangian drifters since the location of the measurements they make moves with the flow .	Plur
Historical production for the Soviet Union includes the former Soviet Socialist Republics of Estonia , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , but excludes Kazakhstan and Ukraine .	Plur
The Blues tied the Washington Capitals for most shutouts in the league , with 6 .	Plur
They lost the Division Semi-finals in six games to the Chicago Blackhawks .	Plur
His area of research is splines and their numerical analysis .	Plur
It also provides photometric redshifts for over 60,000 galaxies within the field , providing an excellent sample for studying bright galaxies at high redshifts .	Plur
However , it foreshadowed the introduction of ram-air inflated paragliders in the mid-1980s .	Plur
Designing Your Clothes ( 23 , 24 February )	Plur
More generally , we could build spreadsheets with symbolic , rather than numeric data , and write arbitrary logical constraints on this data .	Plur
They include aqueducts , thermae , columns , lighthouses , defensive walls and harbours .	Plur
She lists her hobbies as choral singing , harp music and competing in choral recitation competitions at local and chapel eisteddfodau .	Plur
In many mountainous districts rainfall exceeds per year .	Plur
The second episode had the Marias performing in front of Lloyd Webber in London , and then the 20 were cut to 10 with his input .	Plur
MD 189 expands to a four-lane divided highway ahead of its intersection with Wootton Parkway .	Plur
They also built dykes to mark the boundaries of the land they had been given .	Plur
The Peppin brothers mainly used Saxon and Rambouillet rams , importing four Rambouillet rams in 1860 .	Plur
They ran some Lincoln ewes , but their introduction into the flock is undocumented .	Plur
The agency is renamed Blue Moon Investigations because Maddie was most famous for being the spokesmodel for the ( fictitious ) Blue Moon Shampoo Company .	Plur
In 2015 the FROG International Rally had approximately 700 RVs and 1400 members .	Plur
Camping Trailers sold under the Forest River range brand include : Flagstaff and Rockwood .	Plur
Palomino RV produces tent campers , truck campers , travel trailers , fifth wheels and toy haulers .	Plur
On May 10 , 2010 , the Cape May County Zoo welcomed two snow leopard cubs born to parents Himani and Vijay .	Plur
The 2016 WHO requirements for diagnosis include > 450,000 platelets / μL of blood ( normal 150,000 – 400,000 ) and a bone marrow biopsy .	Plur
Such power dams , however , have all but eliminated American eels from the river .	Plur
In March 1987 the spring freshet caused several severe ice jams on the Saint John River upstream of the railway bridge in Perth-Andover .	Plur
Low platelets lead a higher degree of thrombopoietin exposure to the undifferentiated bone marrow cells , leading to differentiation into megakaryocytes and further maturation of these cells .	Plur
Some authors define cliques in a way that requires them to be maximal , and use other terminology for complete subgraphs that are not maximal .	Plur
Additionally , many other mathematical constructions involve cliques in graphs .	Plur
uses cliques to model ecological niches in food webs .	Plur
In electrical engineering , uses cliques to analyze communications networks , and use them to design efficient circuits for computing partially specified Boolean functions .	Plur
In chemistry , use cliques to describe chemicals in a chemical database that have a high degree of similarity with a target structure .	Plur
use cliques to model the positions in which two chemicals will bind to each other .	Plur
For example , the results related to the clique problem have the following corollaries :	Plur
The respite allowed willows and aspens to grow , creating habitat for beaver , moose , and scores of other species .	Plur
She officially left " Desperate Housewives " at the season 6 finale in 2010 , due to personal reasons .	Plur
Other Costa Rican food staples include corn tortillas , white cheese and picadillos .	Plur
In many countries of Latin America families consume lentils on the first day of the New Year because they are thought to bring prosperity .	Plur
Schirrippa married Laura Lemos on April 22 , 1989 .	Plur
All of these countries have their specialities .	Plur
Since 1999 , Gardner has identified eight intelligences : linguistic , logical-mathematical , musical , spatial , bodily / kinesthetic , interpersonal , intrapersonal , and naturalistic .	Plur
Gardner and colleagues have also considered two additional intelligences , existential and pedagogical .	Plur
Howard Gardner and David Perkins were founding Research Assistants and later Co-Directed Project Zero from 1972-2000 .	Plur
The CRV-7 Multi-Purpose Sub Munition ( MPSM ) contained nine M73 submunitions in each rocket .	Plur
In 1968 Cameron and Leslie Goldsmith founded Omega Balloons which constructed ten balloons , before the company split into Cameron Balloons and Western Balloons in 1970 .	Plur
The district recently turned over new commissaries at Chièvres Air Base , Belgium , and Grafenwoehr , Germany .	Plur
A customer who lacks the expertise but feels forced to co-produce [ ... ] may make more negative attributions about co-production " .	Plur
BTware supports standard HCI as well as proprietary HCI .	Plur
This species can also have abrupt kinks at the base of the culms .	Plur
Marsans painted many still-lifes and landscapes , usually in small formats and using mixed techniques .	Plur
The following are the 20 matchups of teams that have occurred two or more times in the World Series .	Plur
In his section 11.5 " The equivalence of Program Machines with General-recursive functions " he introduces two new subroutines :	Plur
ULD onsets in children between the ages of 6 and 16 ; there are no known cases in which the person was older than 18 .	Plur
The seven rays of the cross represent the Seven Sacraments .	Plur
Together they designed the Mauritshuis in the Hague .	Plur
The women wear tight fitting short blouses and both sexes wear narrowcut pants resembling breeches .	Plur
However , the Confederates had occupied the surrounding bluffs that allowed them to fire down into the fort .	Plur
Later film performances included " The Private Files of J. Edgar Hoover " ( 1977 ) , as Clyde Tolson .	Plur
" These Are Not Fall Colors	Plur
" Remembering the Fireballs ( Part 8 )	Plur
Remembering the Fireballs ( Part 8 ) is a compilation album by the American post-hardcore group Lync .	Plur
His lawyer dismissed the affidavits as " a frivolous application " and said they were working on a defence .	Plur
It uses well defined perches and will bask with wings open but often sits with half-open wings .	Plur
In 2011 ThingLink launched Rich Media Tags , making interacting with different social content platforms possible within a single image .	Plur
His first time directing " The Fantasticks " was as a high school student at Plano Senior High .	Plur
They wear black hoods and black , sleeveless uniforms , and in general resemble medieval executioners .	Plur
It has small spiracles and nostrils with short barbels , likely used for sensory purposes .	Plur
The leaves have petioles with elliptical leaf blades which are typically by .	Plur
Mammals include otters , and there are birds such as red kites and buzzards .	Plur
Those owners who sold immediately received 14 gulden per lot , while the hesitant received 6 gulden and 30 Kreuzer ( half a gulden ) .	Plur
Philpott was born Violet Yeomans in Kentish Town in north London on 28 April 1922 .	Plur
Other personnel include songwriters Jakob Jerlström and Ludvig Söderberg , Kuk Harrell who provided vocal production , and producer Frank Dukes .	Plur
and has methodological overlaps with other data-driven control ,	Plur
Dark blue cuffs and collars piped white , white lapels piped dark blue with white metal buttons .	Plur
Red collars and cuffs piped green , green lapels piped white , green pocket piping , with white metal buttons .	Plur
Some of these transformations involve chromosomal translocations or Interstitial deletions that create fusion genes .	Plur
They have also been termed 8p11 myeloproliferative syndromes based on the chromosomal location of the FGFR1 gene on human chromosome 8 at position p11 ( i.e .	Plur
Within the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society , Fogel founded the Bioinformatics and Bioengineering Technical Committee and has served as Vice President , Conferences .	Plur
During the 1600s , thousands left their European homelands for life in the New World .	Plur
On June 9 , 1990 , Alegado and Tom Brandi fought The American Pitbulls ( Pitbull Rex and Pitbull Spike ) to a double-countout at Summer Sizzler .	Plur
On January 24 , 2004 , Alegado faced Snatch Haggis at a National Wrestling League for Blackhawk High School in Beaver Falls , Pennsylvania .	Plur
It has dentils detailing its cornice and fascia .	Plur
In 1996 he joined Inorganic Isotopes and Actinides Group at Los Alamos National Laboratory ( LANL ) to work as a research chemist .	Plur
He had various valets during his early career whom the publication dubbed " beach bunnies " .	Plur
Born in Philadelphia , Penrose was the son of a medical school professor and his brothers included Pennsylvania state senator Boies Penrose and geologist Spencer Penrose .	Plur
It contains the otoliths " asterisci " .	Plur
In 1958 , the agency installed the teleprinters in the offices of its clients .	Plur
Sampson also claimed that other warders suspected Gregory of spying for the government , and that Mandela considered suing Gregory .	Plur
MTOSI encourages system integrators to pre-integrate products that are MTOSI-compliant .	Plur
In 1994 , Nars launched NARS Cosmetics .	Plur
The first constitution of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1910 explicitly mentioned Serbs , Croats and Muslims as the " native peoples " .	Plur
The term in itself means " Bosnians " and is an archaic term that was once used for all inhabitants of Bosnia regardless of faith .	Plur
Almost everywhere in Asturia you find Prehistorian Signs , also in the region Laviana .	Plur
After finding the child , the hunter encounters an Indian rhinoceros and must tranquilize it .	Plur
The hunter then rescues the tribesmen , and the remainder of the level consists of dodging crocodile attacks and stampeding buffalo .	Plur
With the new guide , Wirake , the hunter fights fight pumas and wild boars to escape from some Argentinian ruins .	Plur
Progressing to Siberia , the player snipes boars from a helicopter and then on foot , after Reginald realizes he brought the wrong ammo .	Plur
Parallel LEDs must have closely matched forward voltages ( " V " ) in order to have similar branch currents and , therefore , similar light output .	Plur
Furthermore , channel 6 abuts the FM broadcast band at 88 MHz , possibly causing and receiving interference from adjacent channels .	Plur
She led the Bobcats to their first championship in the Big Sky Conference .	Plur
Once George I became King of England in 1714 , he took with him from Hanover his two Turkish protégés , Mustafa and Mehmet .	Plur
Artists who performed live included the Drifters , the Stylistics , Oscar Toney Jr , the Chi-Lites and Edwin Starr .	Plur
Established towns include Carrickfergus , Bangor , Lisburn and Holywood .	Plur
The mob includes Legs , a homeless Vietnam veteran who Alan Grant would utilize as a partner for Anarky in future stories .	Plur
Alikadam has 4 Unions , 6 Mauzas and 148 villages .	Plur
Naikhongchhari has 4 Unions / Wards , 17 Mauzas / Mahallas , and 135 villages .	Plur
Rowangchhari has 4 Unions / Wards , 13 Mauzas / Mahallas , and 115 villages .	Plur
Ruma has 4 Unions / Wards , 14 Mauzas / Mahallas , and 155 villages .	Plur
Thanchi has 4 Unions / Wards , 12 Mauzas / Mahallas , and 82 villages .	Plur
After the match – which featured 11 scores of 0 – Pooley claimed £ 9 15s from Donkin who refused to pay .	Plur
Working together , the businessmen expanded their original three stores into a chain of seven bakeries .	Plur
He piloted the Redmanizers to its first grand slam in 1976 .	Plur
Manotoc joined the Crispa Redmanizers in 1983 and piloted the franchise to its second grand slam during the same season .	Plur
He instituted three Public Charitable Trusts .	Plur
You should also drop his trousers to lock his feet . "	Plur
The train has standard ICF rakes with max speed of 110 kmph .	Plur
Exhibiting highly complex kicking techniques in these films , Stephan earned the nickname ' Vicious Legs . '	Plur
A paper in the 2007 Virus Bulletin Conference highlighted many other blunders .	Plur
The defenders were caught unawares and the pirates quickly captured the town , looting it for two days and taking three Spanish ships with them before withdrawing .	Plur
By 1919 , fourteen states gave juries sentencing powers in non-capital cases , although by 1960 , that number had dropped to thirteen .	Plur
The Rays hired Linares as their third base coach in November 2018 .	Plur
He found local helpers , including John Newcome .	Plur
Players must visit the puppies ' favourite haunts in a adventurous mystery .	Plur
The Muscogee ( Creek ) ’ s present boundaries reflect two cessions .	Plur
In a rematch of the 2017 game , Raptors defeated 21 – 6 Dinos in the divisional game , earning a spot in the Tazón México III .	Plur
He joined The Ten Tenors from 2015 to 2017 , and toured the US with them .	Plur
Harris had provided four Mosquitos to 617 Squadron to effect their low level marking .	Plur
In addition , he transferred 627 Squadron ( Mosquitos ) from the Pathfinder Force , along with the Lancaster formations 83 Squadron and 97 Squadron .	Plur
As the time for the second marking approached Fawke and Keane maneuvered their Mosquitos to make their run .	Plur
The cockpit glazing extended smoothly rearwards from the nose to the wing leading edge .	Plur
It has keystones , mouldings and label stops to each depressed arch opening above the windows and doorways .	Plur
On 3 December 2016 , he left Teuta Durrës by terminating his contract by mutual consent .	Plur
As a part of this campaign , he managed stockpiles of data on voter behavior and preferences .	Plur
He portrayed the Tibetans in a dignified , forthright way , avoiding the patronizing depictions of ethnic minorities common at the time .	Plur
The Xinhua News Agency had reported the Liberate Yuen Long Protests .	Plur
He was wearing his pyjamas and a robe when he told his valet he was going to the sixth floor of the Ritz to visit friends there .	Plur
The group , named the Mellows because of their preference for ballads , recorded four singles on the Jay-Dee label in 1954 .	Plur
Each drive in the series contains two MOS 6502 microprocessors for operating the disk controllers and executing the built-in disk operating system .	Plur
He defends the paradoxes with popular arguments , sometimes hardly more than a play upon words , and illustrates them with anecdotes from history .	Plur
Elsewhere Cicero criticizes these paradoxes : especially " De Finibus " iv .	Plur
Cicero posits that those who attain ownership of those things which are genuinely good will realize their full capacity as human beings .	Plur
However , courts have found the immunities provided under the statute as " quite robust . "	Plur
The marginal area has a few dark specks and the inner margin is slightly paler .	Plur
St. Francis then defeated the Robert Morris Colonials , 56 – 49 , behind a 14-point 10 rebound performance by Antonio Jenifer .	Plur
The Terriers then hosted the LIU Blackbirds and lost 67 – 82 .	Plur
She can use two field magics at once .	Plur
He has designed some fractals and tessellations inspired by the continents .	Plur
The embassy also represents the British Overseas Territories in France .	Plur
It featured gospels and spirituals , sung by family and friends .	Plur
On February 14 , West performed " Highlights " and " Ultralight Beam " on " Saturday Night Live " .	Plur
In 1995 , Izetbegović invited the jihadists to leave the country in return for American peacekeepers , leading to his denouncement from other Islamists .	Plur
The Embassy also represents the British Overseas Territories in Uzbekistan .	Plur
The Embassy and Consulate also represent the British Overseas Territories .	Plur
New members submit two write-ups .	Plur
In 1964 , she published her first novel " Dis-moi que je vis " .	Plur
On August 6 , Tsubaki Factory released their third indies single " Hitorijime / Watashi ga Obasan ni Natte mo " at the Hello !	Plur
They represent the primitive constituents of elective monarchy , before the succession became hereditary in the House of Capet .	Plur
In the fifteenth century , Charles VII began granting peerages to foreigners , to his Scottish allies in particular .	Plur
In 2015 Austin Psych Fest was renamed LEVITATION in honor of Austin 's legendary psychedelic rock godfathers The 13th Floor Elevators .	Plur
Algeria has entered two fencers into the Olympic competition .	Plur
Algeria has qualified five judokas for each of the following weight classes at the Games .	Plur
Latvia has qualified two judokas for each of the following weight classes at the Games .	Plur
Geller had spearheaded about 1,000 picketers at that event .	Plur
There she oversaw the mergers of the firm 's European equity business with both Bankers Trust and Deutsche Bank .	Plur
It has two Monasteries including the cemetery and Basic Education Primary School No .	Plur
Meantime he was editing bestsellers ranging from " All Creatures Great and Small " to " The Silence of the Lambs " .	Plur
In 2010 the grade 8 girls won Fast Nines .	Plur
It runs monthly socials for its members .	Plur
The Spring Festival in Oaxaca was renamed the Spring Festival Rodolfo Morales in his honour following his death .	Plur
When Aeneas and the Trojan refugees landed on the shores of the Laurentian plain , they encountered the Latins , led by their eponymous king , Latinus .	Plur
On 14 November 2003 , Alexander ALX400 bodied Dennis Trident 2s replaced the AEC Routemasters that had operated it since its inception .	Plur
The EP also contained the parody track " Feelings " , which was not released a single like the EP 's first four tracks .	Plur
He later commanded the 2 / 1st Leicestershire Royal Horse Artillery ( Territorials ) and served on the Western Front 1915-18 .	Plur
It closely resembles the similarly inedible " C. radicans " , which lacks the redness on the stipe .	Plur
In September 1939 the Nazi government gathered together psychics , mediums , dowsers , and occultists into an organization to assist the war efforts against the West .	Plur
3rd Eye Vision is the first studio album by American hip hop collective Hieroglyphics .	Plur
In 1921 Haines made " Uncharted Seas " for Metro Pictures .	Plur
This partnership formed Notre Dame Mission Volunteers AmeriCorps .	Plur
It stars Alejo García Pintos , Vita Escardó , Leonardo Sbaraglia , José María Monje , Pablo Machado , Adriana Salonia and Héctor Bidonde .	Plur
Pharmacotherapies that have been used for ORS include antidepressants , ( e.g .	Plur
The losing quarter-finalists received £ 12 10s , third round losers £ 10 , second round losers £ 7 10s and first round losers £ 5 .	Plur
Recommended maximum widths and lengths are typically 5 " / 127mm wide and 7 ' / 2100mm long .	Plur
Using chisels , planes , and cabinet scrapers .	Plur
Their musical influences also included The Swans and The Sound .	Plur
" ) , Blood to Remember : American Poets on the Holocaust ( " Charles Fishman , ed .	Plur
The law particularly addressed the bylaws for New York nonprofits , along with their policies on conflicts of interest and governance and fiscal procedures .	Plur
In mid-1862 , the Dakota demanded the annuities directly from their agent , Thomas J. Galbraith .	Plur
Planet Park ( Hachioji city ) skatepark in Tokyo , Japan allows only skateboards with four wheels and a single deck .	Plur
Artists making their WoodyFest debut in 2011 included Shawn Mullins and Gretchen Peters - both performing on the Pastures of Plenty stage .	Plur
Other non-musical events included the Woody Guthrie Poets , book discussions , documentary screenings , Native American storytelling and more .	Plur
In addition to hosting Mary Jo 's Pancake Breakfast at her place of business , the Rocky Road Tavern , Johnson also hosted the daily open mics .	Plur
Dolan purchased FNS from the trustee of the bankruptcy estate of FNS 's former owner , Cheryl A. Reagan .	Plur
Both of these decay modes rearrange the nucleons without transmuting the technetium into another element .	Plur
By 1841 he was manufacturing 75 plows per year , and 100 plows per year in 1876 .	Plur
Hughes was also working as musical coordinator for the movie " The Commitments " .	Plur
The live broadcasts feature on-camera disc jockeys , audience participation , and contemporary music videos .	Plur
In 2006 , Craig posted to his Senate website all the earmarks he had inserted into federal spending bills since joining the Senate Appropriations Committee in 1998 .	Plur
Sonett V4s also sported a few oddities compared to standard American sports cars like e.g .	Plur
He then removed his trousers revealing that he was painted green from the waist down .	Plur
In 1548 Montmorency crushed the insurrections in the southwest , particularly at Bordeaux .	Plur
As well as new " plate-glass " universities , reforms following the report created the polytechnics in England , Wales and Northern Ireland .	Plur
Seeing her husbands ' passivity , Draupadi prays to Krishna to protect her .	Plur
He taunts the Pandavas by praising their wife , as she had rescued them " " like a boat from their ocean of distress " "	Plur
Today , Samaritans do not usually wear head coverings , except during prayer , Sabbath , and religious festivals .	Plur
They met in 1961 at Ross Grammar School and formed their first band , The Anchors , that summer .	Plur
Other stations on this line include Broadstairs , Margate , Herne Bay , Faversham , Gillingham , Rochester and Bromley South .	Plur
In 2018 , the band is supporting US supergroup Hollywood Vampires on their European tour , which included their first performances in UK arenas in several years .	Plur
States have created additional supplements to medical privacy laws .	Plur
The PCEHR allows clinicians to assume consent by consumer participation in the system ; however , the needs of the consumer may not be met .	Plur
HIPAA does not usually cover fitness trackers , social media sites and other health data created by the patient .	Plur
Other forms of folklore include superstitions associated with objects , events , and dreams .	Plur
Interferons reduce relapses by approximately 30 % and their safe profile make them the first-line treatments .	Plur
In 1975 Mike Pilbeam , BRM 's former Chief Designer , set up Pilbeam Racing Designs and achieved success in hillclimbing in the 1980s and early 1990s .	Plur
Besides the usage of the firearms , the light-cavalry typically wielded curved sabers with a , and the heavy-cavalry , straight sabers with a .	Plur
Mice have three paralogs of the " Nlrp1 " gene ( " Nlrp1a , b , c " ) .	Plur
Galectins are beta-galactoside-binding animal lectins with conserved carbohydrate recognition domains .	Plur
A glucocorticoid response element ( GRE ) located in the 3 ' - flanking region of this gene allows glucocorticoids to induce expression of RASD1 .	Plur
It places the earliest hominids at 6.5 million years ago and the first humans at around fifty thousand years ago .	Plur
Prophylactic paste contains abrasives that vary in size , shape , and hardness .	Plur
They often form dense migratory swarms , which may cause panic among people for their resemblance to wasps .	Plur
the guests fled ices uneaten , coffee undrunk ...	Plur
He left Warners in July 1939 after four years .	Plur
The workers express the joys of a life in the skies ( " Jet Set " ) .	Plur
Runners-Up : " Eastern Promises " and " Radiant City "	Plur
Runners-Up : " Eastern Promises " and " Zodiac "	Plur
Problems have included swabs being left in a patient 's body , and surgeons operating on the wrong part of the patient 's body .	Plur
The Royal College of Surgeons puts cancellations down to " extreme pressures " on A & E departments and patients discharged late .	Plur
Such chaining allows these non-commercial CAs to control their own internal PKI , typically issuing SSL and digital IDs for secure email and two-factor authentication .	Plur
In addition , plants produce root exudates and other chemicals which manipulate their soil environment as well as their weed environment .	Plur
Fuji spewed cinders and ash which fell like rain in Izu , Kai , Sagami , and Musashi .	Plur
Some medieval authors applied the ethnonym " Vandals " to Slavs : Veneti , Wends , Lusatians or Poles .	Plur
None of those authors mentions the Vandals , while Pliny the Elder mentions the Vandals but not the Lugii .	Plur
On October 13 , 409 they crossed the Pyrenees into the Iberian peninsula .	Plur
The capture of the maritime city of Carthago Spartaria enabled the Vandals to engage in widespread naval activities .	Plur
Such conflict led the Revolutionaries to take a negative view of judges making law .	Plur
A variant of the job scam recruits freelancers seeking work , such as editing or translation , then requires some advance payment before assignments are offered .	Plur
Department of Defense Directive 3000.05 , in 2005 , requires DoD to regard stability-enhancing activities as a mission of importance equal to combat .	Plur
This process takes the oat groats through several roll stands to flatten and separate the bran from the flour ( endosperm ) .	Plur
The leaves of winter " S. cereale " produce various antifreeze polypeptides .	Plur
Romani people still eat hedgehogs , boiled or roasted , and also use the blood and the fat for its supposed medicinal value .	Plur
He travelled less than previous monarchs , investing heavily in a handful of his favourite palaces and castles .	Plur
The 1240s saw major upheavals in land ownership due to deaths among the barons , enabling Henry to redistribute Irish lands to his supporters .	Plur
Hay may also include legumes , such as alfalfa ( lucerne ) and clovers ( red , white and subterranean ) .	Plur
Both types of animals can digest cellulose in grass and hay , but do so by different mechanisms .	Plur
It can also trigger allergic rhinitis in people who are hypersensitive to airborne allergens such as straw dust .	Plur
This frees the weaver from vertical size constraint .	Plur
Irrigated land may need periodic flushes with excessive irrigation water and drainage to control soil salinity .	Plur
Only in 530 BC , when Cyrus set out on his last expedition into the East , did Cyrus associate Cambyses with the throne .	Plur
He also accused Demosthenes of having been such a bad " erastes " to Aristarchus so as not even to deserve the name .	Plur
Despite the unsuccessful ventures against Philip and Alexander , the Athenians still respected Demosthenes .	Plur
He finally defeated Aeschines , although his enemy 's objections to the crowning were arguably valid from a legal point of view .	Plur
Plutarch lauds Demosthenes for not being of a fickle disposition .	Plur
In recent times , countries like India and some countries in Africa are installing ATMs in rural areas , which are solar powered .	Plur
Business owners often lease ATMs from service providers .	Plur
Banco do Brasil is also migrating ATMs to Linux .	Plur
Advanced HVAC systems use networked thermostats to more accurately and efficiently control temperature that can change by time of day and season .	Plur
The loop calls subroutines , each of which manages a part of the hardware or software .	Plur
Benckendorff employed 300 gendarmes and 16 staff in his office .	Plur
Another group , the Slavophiles , enthusiastically favored the Slavs and their culture and customs , and had a distaste for westerners and their culture and customs .	Plur
In Italy , after a new President is elected , the government resigns .	Plur
Activated macrophages release virions into the brain tissue proximate to brain microvessels .	Plur
In 1814 he moved to Hamburg , to the house of his son-in-law , the publisher Friedrich Christoph Perthes , where he died on 21 January 1815 .	Plur
Hearns ' legs wobble , and Hagler is on him quickly .	Plur
As the cam rotates , a fingerlike follower , connected to the needle bar , rides along the cam and tracks its indentations .	Plur
Plan 9 and Genode use file-system APIs with control files rather than file-descriptors .	Plur
Because the rear brakes were outboard , they had extra tuned mass dampers to damp wheel bounce from the extra unsprung mass .	Plur
As a result , Cruz 's list contains some apparitions , such as Our Lady of Pellevoisin , that have not been formally approved .	Plur
He often compared the apparitions to those of Our Lady of Lourdes .	Plur
Other variants have different point allocations for cards , however these are not considered the primary versions .	Plur
They drove away the Sicilians who lived there and founded a city named Tibur ( now Tivoli ) in honor of Tiburtus .	Plur
Clave resolves in the second measure when the last stroke coincides with the last main beat of the cycle .	Plur
Finally , the Supreme Court declared null all the informs and constitutional accusations against García , who at the time was serving as a Senator for Life .	Plur
The musical was awarded five other Tonys including Tony Award for Best New Musical .	Plur
The extra fuel would cover some contingencies such as headwinds and searching for Howland .	Plur
The company developed digital thermal-transfer printers for outdoor signage .	Plur
The Soviets also mounted sub-machine gunners on the tanks who sprayed every doorway and window , but this meant the tank could not traverse its turret quickly .	Plur
The plant still exists , producing jams , juices , marmalades and paste .	Plur
On 14 February 1943 , Mayer shot down three RAF Hawker Typhoons , claiming his 60th to 62nd victories .	Plur
He shot down three USAAF P-47s on 26 June 1943 .	Plur
On 1 December 1943 , Mayer shot down three P-47 Thunderbolts .	Plur
He wrote : " A few loopholes I can forgive .	Plur
Edgar faced Chad Mendes on December 11 , 2015 , at .	Plur
Mirecourt distinguishes between two kinds of evidence of these kinds of knowledge : ( 1 ) special and ( 2 ) natural .	Plur
He flew Hansa-Brandenburg W.12 seaplanes over the North Sea , the English Channel , and Britain .	Plur
Christian democracy in the Netherlands is separated by roughly two kinds of cleavages — religious cleavages and political cleavages — which sometimes coincide .	Plur
James Weldon Johnson and J. Rosamond Johnson presented Spirituals as the only type of folk music that America has .	Plur
However , these groups sang spirituals in the white , European style .	Plur
In May 1976 , Domínguez lost his eyeballs in a car accident .	Plur
... For one and a half centuries people have performed these literary lullabies in real lulling situations [ in Russia ] , " according to Valentin Golovin .	Plur
Inflammatory factors may include allergies , tobacco and alcohol use , laryngopharyngeal reflux , and other environmental influences .	Plur
The Soviet Union exported MiG-29s to several countries .	Plur
The Russian Air Force grounded all its MiG-29s following a crash in Siberia on 17 October 2008 .	Plur
After carrying out an extensive inspection , the IAF cleared all MiG-29s in its fleet in March 2009 .	Plur
The upgrade program will fit the MiGs with a phased array radar ( PESA ) and in-flight re-fuelling capability .	Plur
The Serbian Air Force operates three MiG-29s as of late 2014 , with one airframe grounded due to structural issues .	Plur
In early October 2017 , Russia delivered the six disassembled MiG-29s to Serbia by An-124s .	Plur
Poland has 31 active MiG-29s ( 25 MiG-29As , six MiG-29UB ) as of 2017 .	Plur
The Bangladesh Air Force ( BAF ) currently operates 8 MiG-29s ( 6SE & 2UB ) .	Plur
Each person would receive = 2 cookies .	Plur
Similarly , if there are ten cookies , and only one person at the table , that person would receive = 10 cookies .	Plur
The department also has 123 corregimientos , 185 police inspectorates and numerous towns and small villages spread throughout the territory .	Plur
In Ferrara , the center of avant-garde activity , he doubtless heard the madrigals being composed for the d 'Este court .	Plur
These include 530 motets , 175 Italian madrigals and villanellas , 150 French chansons , and 90 German lieder .	Plur
In his book , Rousseau outlines the simple dogmas of the civil religion :	Plur
Its rituals include salutes to the flag and singing " God Bless America " .	Plur
In particular , this dephasing process causes the qubits to collapse onto the formula _ 107 axis .	Plur
In fact , the argument contains several major loopholes " .	Plur
He devised 14 new constellations in uncharted regions of the Southern Celestial Hemisphere not visible from Europe .	Plur
In days gone by the line enjoyed named expresses such as the Thames – Clyde Express and The Waverley .	Plur
It was the precursor of the PC tracking scene and its interface inspired newer trackers like Impulse Tracker .	Plur
It has published two CD-ROMs and established the Perseus Digital Library on the World Wide Web in 1995 .	Plur
A third sun will dry the mighty Ganges and other great rivers .	Plur
Rafael Hernández Airport mainly serves Puerto Rican westerners living in the Eastern Region of the United States .	Plur
From 1903 until 1907 Peyton commanded the 15th Hussars , being granted the brevet rank of colonel in 1905 .	Plur
Performers at the festival have included k-os , Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros , The Trews , Michael Franti , Spearhead , ! !	Plur
Zimbabwe operator TelOne is rolling out FTTH .	Plur
Airtel offers FTTH in a few areas of Delhi NCR .	Plur
Nextra Teleservices offers FTTH in certain areas of Delhi NCR including Noida and Gurgaon .	Plur
TeliaSonera offers FTTH in some urban areas of Finland , launching a 1 Gbit / s service for € 99 per month .	Plur
Packer trucks owned and operated by New York City deliver recyclables as a 26 commingled product to the company 's facilities .	Plur
The team suffered lopsided loses to Oregon , Ball State and Duke .	Plur
He joined his hometown Lancaster Barnstormers in July 2009 after a brief stint in the New York Mets system .	Plur
But as commander-in-chief I must weigh these heartbreaking tragedies against the alternative .	Plur
He also cited recent counsels from his mother calling on families to enter new areas as self-supporting missionaries .	Plur
Astleford and Sowler both sold " Bible Readings " .	Plur
Clyde rallies defectors from the humans and elves , and uses the alien goo to create an army of Nazi Zombies .	Plur
The tax department did eventually demand outstanding tax repayments and , when they were not forthcoming , had the club declared insolvent .	Plur
The single received a limited 500 pressings on 7-inch vinyl .	Plur
Anand , knowing everything , welcomes her and gives her shelter in his house , though society disapproves of it .	Plur
Proximity represents the physical distance and / or closeness between people .	Plur
As stated by 9GAG co-founder Ray Chan , " 9GAG does not create memes or rage comics , but helps spread them . "	Plur
In September , he authorized four more Alpha racetracks , which became known as Alpha II , along with two more Beta racetracks to process their product .	Plur
Groves ordered the racetracks to be torn down and the magnets sent back to the factory to be cleaned and rewound .	Plur
The two Alpha I buildings , 9201-1 and 9201-2 , each contained two racetracks , with only one in the Alpha I , 9201-3 .	Plur
The organization employed prayer vigils as a technique to call attention to issues .	Plur
Unlike any other polygon , both edges have the same two vertices .	Plur
The launch identity consisted of cartoon characters climbing ' ladders of learning ' between clouds against an orange background .	Plur
The school belongs to three highly competitive leagues at the Upper School level : ACIS , PSAA and AAIS .	Plur
The ACU features hook-and-loop fasteners , also known by the genericized trademark Velcro , on its sleeve pockets .	Plur
In addition to thrombocytopenia , WAS patients have abnormally small platelets ( i.e .	Plur
The war also witnessed the first aerial bombardments of cities in Britain .	Plur
Canning 's refusal had prompted Squires to cut off her stays , slap her face , and push her up the stairs into a darkened room .	Plur
Kwok Kam Kee , the official bun supplier for the festival which was opened 40 years ago , makes over 60,000 buns for the festival .	Plur
At the time he had made eight forgeries in two years and earned around £ 25,000 .	Plur
Another low-power variation changed the tube heaters to run on 100 milliamperes rather than 150 milliamperes .	Plur
Early sets tended to use selenium rectifiers in place of a tube ; later sets used silicon diodes .	Plur
The name derived from the publishing house that produced it , Modern Magazines .	Plur
Thomas also wrote " Curious Connections - Master Musicians and the Law " , a study on the historical links between two seemingly disconnected professions .	Plur
Badi ' al-Zaman had five consorts :	Plur
On his first day of chemotherapy , his mother recovered old x-rays which showed that the lumps had always been present .	Plur
They have two rounded vertices , one of which is located on the top of the apex and has two spots on it .	Plur
Google has also added Google Hangouts to the Takeout service .	Plur
On November 15 , 2009 , parishioners began prayer vigils , on the street , in front of the shuttered church .	Plur
In the IBRA bioregionalisation the coast has 36 coastal bioregions that define the whole coast	Plur
Timon , by now a bishop in New York City , sent the seminarians of his diocese there .	Plur
It induces hepatotoxicity and Zamia staggers , a fatal nervous disease affecting cattle resulting from browsing on the leaves or fruit of cycads .	Plur
Back in Delhi , R & AW had decoded the intercepts and had also found out about Bala 's fake passports and unknown bank accounts .	Plur
RD realises that this might be a Code Red , to assassinate the ex Prime Minister .	Plur
Romeo surprised the Tams as he declared that he will join the rookie draft despite promising to return to FEU after bowing out of the Final Four .	Plur
Due to scheduling conflicts , they were crowned co-champions with the NCAA Season 91 1st runner-up San Beda Red Lions .	Plur
The port has 5 jetties and 2 cargo wharfs .	Plur
Built in the Late Romanesque style , it has frescos from the 13th and 15th centuries .	Plur
He mentioned neither the druids nor the name of the island .	Plur
The Turkish Sultan accordingly promised compensations to the King of Algiers , but never sent the promised subsidies for the reconstruction of the Algerian fleet .	Plur
" Chlamydia " species have genomes around 1.0 to 1.3 megabases in length .	Plur
After helping his younger brother during a difficult time , Diego had flings with Nicholas ' wife Sharon ( Sharon Case ) and Victoria .	Plur
In March 1943 the personnel of the Kalevi-Liiva camp executed about fifty Gypsies , half of which were under 5 years of age .	Plur
In 1935 the Japanese Government banned westerners from entering its mandated islands in the Pacific , and in 1939 established the 4th Fleet to defend the region .	Plur
In March 1943 , the personnel of the Kalevi-Liiva camp executed about fifty Gypsies , half of whom were under 5 years of age .	Plur
Chileans sacked rural ranches in Huancayo , and the mayor of Comas asked Salazar to resume organizing .	Plur
Bell Sports reacquired Bell Helmets in 2002 , creating Bell Powersports .	Plur
The fade-in and coda both include guitar overdubs , played by George Harrison on his Rickenbacker 12-string .	Plur
The game on November 10 ended 23 Hilltops to 21 Rams giving the Hilltops their third straight Championship .	Plur
Not even his detractors could ever accuse Evetts Haley of being one of the crowd . "	Plur
He also managed the Atarque and Clochintoh ranches in New Mexico .	Plur
Her other documentary credits include " The Righteous Babes " and " A Brimful of Asia " .	Plur
Methamphetamine lowers a user 's inhibitions , increasing the likelihood of engaging in unprotected sex and sharing needles .	Plur
Prior to establishing Moby Group , he headed the equities and corporate finance division of an Australian investment banking firm .	Plur
These bridges connected the Belgians with Route 11 , the 29th Brigade 's main line of supply and communication .	Plur
In 1995 , Eszterhas wrote " Showgirls " , which won that year 's Golden Raspberry Award for " Worst Screenplay " .	Plur
" ( See also the Amor asteroids . ) "	Plur
During their visit she expressed some bitterness and hostility toward Burroughs ' lack of affection and continued drug addiction .	Plur
21 of the second Notebook , " Menuet fait par Mons .	Plur
It allowed typists to produce justified text for use in typesetting .	Plur
The monks make famous liqueurs , honey and herbal teas , which they sell from a shop next to the church .	Plur
Also , the driving circuit can have silicon diodes mounted in thermal contact with the output transistors to provide compensation .	Plur
Off Vietnam in 1965 , she searched junks for contraband ; supplied shore bombardment ; and served as a plane guard for carrier .	Plur
These include Exhibitions , A compendium of BB & CI Magazine , Brochures , Renovation of Heritage Gallery , Curio Shop etc .	Plur
Additionally the US Defense Mapping Agency publishes a 47 volume set " Sailing Directions " which serves much the same purpose .	Plur
The squadron exchanged its Vickers Wellingtons for Stirlings late in during November 1941 .	Plur
The 474th sent their General Dynamics F-111 .	Plur
Ryde School with Upper Chine have their Boarders boarding at Bembridge Boarding Campus .	Plur
These designs , called " road bikes " or colloquially , " roadies " or " racing bikes " , have become less popular in recent years .	Plur
Sinister and Dexter kill the two Buddies and warn Philly off Kilopatra under threat of taking one of the many contracts that Philly has on his head .	Plur
Karna fights and berates the Pandavas at the legendary gambling match during the royal consecration ritual .	Plur
These EMUs replaced the Class 101 and Class 107 DMUs that had served the line for over 30 years .	Plur
He issued manifestos calling for a more liberal approach , and sought national support .	Plur
Coburg Larks , along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons , are all descendants of rock pigeons ( " Columba livia " ) .	Plur
The territorial bodies of the Service draw up the Permits for the party or the separate bit of equipment .	Plur
The breakwater included five jetties which extended north and south ; it ended in the Western Arm which paralleled the jetties .	Plur
The cloud based remote distributed storage from major vendors have different APIs and different consistency models .	Plur
Through the Bloomberg Distinguished Professorship , Ha will be teaching a new undergraduate interdisciplinary biophysics course and will be engaged in the university 's Individualized Health Initiative .	Plur
As a performing musician , he has led his own trios , quartets and quintets as well as tango orchestra Combo Tango .	Plur
With a throw of 60.51m. , the Cypriot finished just 13 centimetres away from the bronze .	Plur
Reverse engineering biological networks Mendes has been involved in systems biology through the construction of metabolic models directly from large-scale genomics , proteomics and metabolomics data sets .	Plur
Philip Delano served on various juries and commissions , especially grand juries .	Plur
He portrayed peddlers , migrants , exhausted travellers at railway stations and dignified mourners at funerals .	Plur
The band released the " Disciples of Sorrow " single from those sessions .	Plur
As Falstaff looks up at Hal with a mixture of pride and despair , the new king banishes Falstaff .	Plur
They replaced Spanish breeches during the 1650s as the most popular leg wear of most of Western Europe .	Plur
It crosses inflamed meninges and is an essential part of the treatment of tuberculous meningitis .	Plur
Mike West , former president of Birds Queensland , blames dingoes and wild dogs for hunting the population to extinction .	Plur
West suggests trapping dingoes and wild dogs , setting them free if they are pure dingoes and killing them if they are not .	Plur
Subsequent levels depict counter-attacks on the drug lord 's forces , progressing towards his " jungle fortress " .	Plur
In many games , a player who is defeated or killed has the hate mobs have on them reduced to zero .	Plur
In May 2013 , Elisabeth Watts directed Oliver Goldsmith 's " She Stoops to Conquer " .	Plur
Bryant led the Terrapins to a 6 – 2 – 1 record , but the two personalities clashed .	Plur
Common fish species include crappie , largemouth bass , catfish and bream .	Plur
He was appointed special chargé d 'affaires to all the Central American states in 1849 , and negotiated treaties with Nicaragua , Honduras , and San Salvador .	Plur
Angus also painted 55 self-portraits .	Plur
In the United Kingdom in particular the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 actually requires accountants ( and solicitors , insolvency practitioners , etc . )	Plur
This affects even accountants who uncover a possibly inadvertent claim for expenses .	Plur
Jack , now living alone in a remote desert town , longs for Natalie 's return .	Plur
The American Army during World War I and World War II had leggings , which were gaiters .	Plur
Modern styles usually have a zipper or hook and loop fasteners on the outside of the leg .	Plur
The exhibition was titled " Chain Polymers " and was her only solo sculpture exhibition during her lifetime in the United States .	Plur
The illustration below shows the first few iterations in the construction process .	Plur
In 2009 , Knaus shared 13 top-fives , 20 top-tens , six wins , and 1 DNF with Johnson .	Plur
ESPN2 and ESPNU aired " Bases Loaded " in between games and throughout other select times during the tournament .	Plur
He also accused Andris of embezzling ' foreign credits ' , and of deliberately bankrupting state-run industries in the interest of privatizing the personally profiting from them .	Plur
It represented shipwrights and boatbuilders in the shipbuilding and ship repair industries , as well as sea-going shipwrights aboard vessels in the merchant navy .	Plur
Some additional ingredients used include nori , chashu , menma , tamago and boiled eggs .	Plur
Having heard of the child saint Sambandar 's glories , Tiruneelanakka visited to meet him in person .	Plur
He frequently paints self-portraits and animals .	Plur
The ground has hexagons and triangles , making a star-shaped mesh .	Plur
As of 2018 , Booking Holdings ranked 229th on the Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by revenue .	Plur
It supports several backends , including ALSA , PulseAudio , OSS , and GStreamer .	Plur
Planes flown in and out of Archerfield by the U.S. Air Force included B-17 Flying Fortresses , Liberators , Kittyhawks , Dakotas , and B-26 Marauders .	Plur
The site comprises four timber framed igloos with corrugated iron and ribbed metal sheet cladding .	Plur
The igloos have ridge ventilators , concrete floors , and the abutments are fixed by timber plates into concrete footings .	Plur
This igloo has skillion roofed side annexes , and large louvres have been installed in the northern wall above the administration building .	Plur
3 has skillion roofed side annexes and the name HASTINGS DEERING on the northern wall above the entrance which has evidence of early sliding door mechanisms .	Plur
Early into Undertaker 's career , he would smash various jobbers and other established stars in squash matches .	Plur
A reporter for the " Daily Record " observed that Paige 's arrival " ruffles some feathers " .	Plur
By December 2014 the US Federal Aviation Administration had six Pitbull autogyros on its aircraft registry , although eight had been registered at one time .	Plur
She was president of the Société des auteurs en cinéma et télévision ( SARTEC ) from 1996 to 2000 .	Plur
The open portions have timber handrails and dowelled balustrading .	Plur
HMS " Childers " was a destroyer of the Royal Navy that was in service from December 1945 , and scrapped in 1963 .	Plur
Curtis had assisted Flinders with repairs to HMS Investigator in Cape Town in October 1801 .	Plur
It features the RD Milns Antiquities Museum and the UQ Anthropology Museum .	Plur
He urged khans to end Haji Chalabi 's supremacy .	Plur
She made her own amulets , talismans , and ingredients .	Plur
Strangeways was born Thomas Strangeways Pigg in 1866 .	Plur
Currently , the organisation has ten Member Organisations :	Plur
Beaver Valley also hosts many Canadian Series moguls and slopestyle events .	Plur
However , after 845 , the Bulgars added these Slavs to their " societas " ( they are last mentioned in 853 ) .	Plur
A third program offers Work Experience Programs .	Plur
The brigade became the 37th Weapons and Equipment Storage Base , part of the Belarussian Northwestern Operational Command .	Plur
In 1928 the company took over Scottish Dyes of Grangemouth run by James Morton .	Plur
Its interior has mantels of various styles including Renaissance Revival and Gothic Revival .	Plur
Big Panda hosted over 770 webcomics , including " Sluggy Freelance " and " User Friendly " , which started in 1997 .	Plur
On 8 December 2015 , Sheriff officers issued the campers with a notice ordering them to leave within 48 hours .	Plur
1 / 1st Wessex Fd Co then erected Wire entanglements around the captured villages before Bulgarian counter-attacks came in after dark .	Plur
In 2002 , De La Hoya founded Golden Boy Promotions , a combat sport promotional firm .	Plur
Four states – New South Wales , South Australia , Victoria and Western Australia – also have state coroners and specialised coronial courts .	Plur
Northern Ireland has three coroners , who oversee the province as a whole .	Plur
That is , " i u " behave as if they are their own − ATR analogues .	Plur
Other panels depict armorial bearers from the old local families , as well as industrial and architectural heritage .	Plur
Verbs use the following prefixes for the subject and object :	Plur
Although most addresses in the borough have TW postcodes , some have SW and KT postcodes .	Plur
In the northern province of Groningen , people speak Gronings , a Low Saxon dialect with a strong Frisian substrate .	Plur
In September 2013 , Lutfur Rahman 's independent group was officially renamed Tower Hamlets First .	Plur
The county has several jurisdictions , each with its own regulations and law enforcement agencies .	Plur
These centrioles will form the centrosomes which will direct the first cell division of the zygote and this will determine its polarity .	Plur
Conversely , they have no recognizable homologs in archea and bacteria and are thus part of the " eukaryotic signature genes . "	Plur
Tāwhaki climbs by the " aka matua " , or parent vine , recites the right incantations , and reaches the highest of the 10 heavens .	Plur
Tāwhaki catches marries Maikuku , one of Whaitiri 's granddaughters ; the other granddaughters escape to Tama-i-waho 's village , up in the second sky .	Plur
The landscape contains steep bluffs and sharp rises and falls within the terrain .	Plur
Native Americans who were helping the British ambushed Kentuckians on August 19 , 1782 on the Licking River .	Plur
Prior to the battle , the Visigoths had defeated the Bretons at the Battle of Déols in 469 , and were expanding into Aquitaine .	Plur
In 1872 , at the age of nineteen , she married Daniel W. Hollister .	Plur
The Oval retains the viewing dais and parade ground steps associated with its use as a parade ground during WWII .	Plur
In additional , laws barred Filipinos from professional employment , such as the ones in California .	Plur
He formed the Hygenic Dairies Ltd at Concord in 1909 to supply Sydney with its first bottled milk .	Plur
The Eminem symbiote spreads around , infecting innocent bystanders ( and a dog ) and making them cause damage to the town while rapping .	Plur
At the conclusion of the event , Rachel Wyatt of South Carolina crowned her successor Leah Sykes of Florida .	Plur
In 1955 , he stole 120 drachmas from the canteen of the P.A.O.K .	Plur
Nineteen-year-old Wu Chia-ching defeated Filipino Demosthenes Pulpul ( 11 – 8 ) in the semi-finals , October 4 .	Plur
He " followed up " the Aboriginals as far as Tam O 'Shanter Point with John Murray to punish them .	Plur
To this end , the Congress has passed several authorizations , including :	Plur
Ferring Pharmaceuticals filed for patent on two cyanopyrrolidine DPP-4 inhibitors , which they published in 1995 .	Plur
Harris also authored the long-running web comics " Paper Cuts " and " Eustace " , both published on H2G2 under the pseudonym spimcoot .	Plur
At the Slams , he also reached the Semifinals of the Australian Open losing to Federer after defeating Novak Djokovic .	Plur
The second match saw the Bryans eliminated Dlouhý / Paes .	Plur
Patrick initially rejects but then accepts the idea , eventually leading to them getting a grant to build a special needs unit at the school .	Plur
The system has two or three radar sub-systems depending on the model .	Plur
Summer individuals have yellowish hindwings whereas winter individuals have greenish-gray hindwings .	Plur
Heavily armed locals shot RPGs and fired mortar rounds at the officers , who returned fire .	Plur
In 2008 , de Vaulx joined International Value Advisers , and currently serves as chief investment officer , co-portfolio manager , and partner .	Plur
Local gay activist and future supervisor Harvey Milk led marchers through a course through the city , careful not to stop for too long lest rioting began .	Plur
In debunking the ten percent myth , Knowing Neurons editor Gabrielle-Ann Torre writes that using one hundred percent of one 's brain would not be desirable either .	Plur
" Bombus vestalis " can also distinguish the odors of differently aged host workers , thus determining which workers to attack when invading a nest .	Plur
This relatively high moisture content when compared to " higher rank " coals like bituminous and anthracite coals make lower-rank coals less efficient .	Plur
" The Three Sentences " is a paraphrase of the tale of the Darius contest told in 1 Esdras .	Plur
In November 1958 , Boardman married Ethel Nes .	Plur
His testimony before the Military Court brought no new revelations , and he declared :	Plur
He studied humanities at the University of Frankfurt and continued his education in the United States .	Plur
But Morant takes bulwarks , kills the Giant and releases Douai and Cantin to the heathen .	Plur
Sadagopan then searches grooms for his educated three elder daughters and with the help of Iyer ( Venniradai Moorthy ) .	Plur
This brings up quarrels between the three couples .	Plur
The NCAA uses five official selectors to also determine Consensus and Unanimous All-America honors .	Plur
In 1841 , the prominent Armenian writer Khachatur Abovian completed his " Wounds of Armenia " novel that was written in Yerevan dialect .	Plur
He joined the Yakult Swallows in 1999 , and acquired Japanese nationality in 2004 .	Plur
" , which surveys people in the manga and publishing industry , named " The Seven Deadly Sins " the fifth best manga series for male readers .	Plur
According to court filings , Target , Wal-Mart , Home Depot , Neiman Marcus , Saks , and 1,200 other plaintiffs oppose the settlement .	Plur
Glen Matlock reformed the Sex Pistols with John Lydon , Steve Jones and Paul Cook .	Plur
On October 11 , 2013 , ABC Family renewed " The Fosters " for a second season that premiered on June 16 , 2014 .	Plur
In 1945 Consolidated Press , Sydney , published " Hesling 's Cartoons : Reprinted from the Daily Telegraph and Sunday Telegraph " ( 96pp ) .	Plur
Bernard married Flo ( Florence May Pickles ) , aged 20 , in 1933 in London .	Plur
He joined the Bentvueghels with the nickname " Stijgbeugel " .	Plur
Since 2009 , he has produced the dummies of books published by Jean-François Chanlat , professor at the University Paris Dauphine for the éditions of Montréal .	Plur
Bennett had married Eliza " née " Sellers of Bristol ; they had seven children together .	Plur
Released his first single " Runs in Our blood " on all streaming platforms May 2018 .	Plur
Another lookalike , " A. hortensis " , lacks pleurocystidia and has broader cheilocystidia ( 11 – 25 μm ) than " A. putaminum " .	Plur
The seed contains triterpenoid saponins and flavonoids , such as aescuflavoside and aescuflavoside A , which are glycosides of quercetin .	Plur
Grinstead reached the Wimbledon All Comers Final in 1884 , where he beat Ernest Renshaw before losing to Herbert Lawford .	Plur
The leaves contain flavonoids such as vitexin and marginatoside ( 6 -O-β gentiobiosyl vitexin ) .	Plur
He condemns Eutyches in the first paragraph , impugning the wayward presbyter 's learning and misunderstanding of the Creed .	Plur
Before the start of the journey , Vidura tactfully , in the presence of the Kauravas , warned the Pandavas about the imminent danger in Mleccha language .	Plur
For her second foray , she covered the Norwegian and Barents Seas .	Plur
Eszenyi invited Balázs to be part of the anniversary performance , but he declined , therefore he only appeared on archive footage .	Plur
Relaxin peptides and their receptors are an example of vigorously diversified ligand-receptor systems in vertebrates .	Plur
He also released a fan-only limited edition " Divers and Submarines " in 2010 .	Plur
His uncle John Cook had earlier represented Dundas in the Legislative Assembly .	Plur
From 1970 to 1972 , she studied daguerreotypes while working as an assistant to Werner Bokelberg in Hamburg .	Plur
She served the Northwest Territories as the minister of Community and Regional Affairs , until the creation of Nunavut in 1999 .	Plur
He later began broadcasting infomercials for " The Greatest Vitamin in the World " .	Plur
It has also evolved particularities of its own in response to the unique nature and use of this material .	Plur
Wood allowed only two baserunners : an infield single by Ricky Gutierrez , and he hit Craig Biggio .	Plur
In October 2012 Channel 4 TV aired a Dispatches undercover documentary that exposed poor working conditions and exploitation of workers on " Celebrity Eclipse " .	Plur
Due to efforts of mayor Jan Kołek , Bodzentyn received waterworks and a public bath .	Plur
Other covers include The Black Crowes .	Plur
Portrait 1 - 4 basses and 14 treble strings ( 16 pegs )	Plur
Portrait 2 - 6 basses and 14 treble strings	Plur
French said Godwin herself disapproves of being categorized , which she feels creates " externally imposed limitations " on the themes she covers .	Plur
The field also has spawned subfields , such as feminist science fiction studies .	Plur
After stints with lowly Córdoba CF and Yeclano CF he first joined Deportivo Alavés in January 1998 , with the Basque team competing in Segunda División .	Plur
He used rich tonalities , such as pink , blue , gold and bursts of red colour on soft gray background in his compositions .	Plur
These have produced mainly felsic and mafic lavas , a chemical composition range typical of bimodal volcanism .	Plur
" No-Hearing Hearings " contained the following conclusions :	Plur
The MD-80 series aircraft also have longer fuselages than their earlier DC-9 counterparts , as well as longer range .	Plur
For its initial roll-out , Prodigy supported 1,200 bit / s modems .	Plur
The host systems used were regionally distributed IBM Series / 1 minicomputers managed by central IBM mainframes located in Yorktown Heights , New York .	Plur
As of June 2011 , AT & T no longer supports Prodigy-created webpages , severing yet another tie with the brand .	Plur
American members of the force arrived for training in Helena in standard U.S. Army attire : green twill coveralls , some wearing khaki pants and fatigue hats .	Plur
For many years until 2004 , Hong Kong handled the most containers TEUs but slipped to sixth place on declining volumes by 2016 .	Plur
The internal energy , , expresses the thermodynamics of a system in the " energy-language " , or in the " energy representation " .	Plur
Allemang adds " in a perky-teen world with its twisted values , soliloquies are the best hope of intelligent conversation . "	Plur
winning reversals of their convictions in state court ; they were retried and convicted , but won another appeal in the state supreme court .	Plur
In this position from a 1999 game between Ulf Andersson and Ralf Åkesson , White exchanges pawns in order to get to the Lucena position .	Plur
Epistemic virtues include conscientiousness as well as the following :	Plur
He also tempted Artaphernes by adding that capturing the island would place other poleis of the Cyclades under his control .	Plur
The reinforcements followed the Ionians , caught up with them near Ephesus and soundly defeated them .	Plur
The Battle of Salamis included 200 new Athenian triremes plus all the ships of its new ally , Aegina .	Plur
Breaking out of its Anatolian cage , it founded Marseilles and cities in Spain and Italy , wresting a domain away from Carthage and all other opponents .	Plur
But he did allow the Jewish exiles to return home , though not in the triumphant manner which Deutero-Isaiah expected .	Plur
With the completion of genome sequencing projects such as the Human Genome Project , modern positional cloning can use ready-made contigs from the genome sequence databases directly .	Plur
The Green Party has co-leaders : one male and one female .	Plur
In the former myth , he forged seven hundred duplicates of this ring .	Plur
In 2007 , twenty peers in the House of Lords owed their peerages to a direct connection with Northern Ireland , usually through a political party .	Plur
Under the protocol on the privileges and immunities of the European Union , MEPs in their home state receive the same immunities as their own national parliamentarians .	Plur
Ken Thompson 's investigations in the 1980s using the Belle chess computer discovered numerous endgames winnable in more than 50 moves .	Plur
Walsall still manufactures the Queen 's handbags , saddles for the Royal family and leathergoods for the Prince of Wales .	Plur
In the next year , he switched local allegiances and moved to Palmeiras , helping the club successfully defend its league championship in 1994 .	Plur
After the Millennium Development Goals expired in 2015 , the main global policy focus to reduce hunger and poverty became the Sustainable Development Goals .	Plur
As August 26 , 2011 , he announced he will use Donnay rackets as his choice and using a customized Donnay X-Dual Pro .	Plur
From here the river runs southeastwards as a narrow brook to enter the ( a lake ) north of Gunzenhausen .	Plur
In return , Modell was allowed to take the franchise rights , players and organization to Baltimore to form a new team , the Ravens .	Plur
Many Baltimore fans , including several prominent old-time Colts players who lived in the area , considered the Ravens to be the successors of the Baltimore Colts .	Plur
Smaller parties often form pre-election coalitions to make sure they get past the election threshold creating a coalition government .	Plur
In 1900 he relocated to Paris , where he worked as a lecturer in the laboratory of physiological chemistry at the École des hautes etudes .	Plur
Currently , Cybage serves seven industry verticals :	Plur
Conjunct all substitutions and the substitution for formula _ 1 :	Plur
However , he retired from all rugby after the team , dubbed " The Invincibles " as they went undefeated on tour , returned to New Zealand .	Plur
Having learned the Principle of Emptiness , he no longer kindled the flames of desire in his heart .	Plur
and that " elements of the story simply rehash other , better thrillers , like " The French Connection " . "	Plur
It launched the cable industry 's firs successful satellite transmission on December 6 , 1994 .	Plur
Clips are assigned Roles and upon Sharing a Project the user could export Multitrack Quicktime Files or Stems .	Plur
Certain polyopisthocotylean monogeneans are asymmetrical , as an adaptation to their attachment to the gill of their fish hosts .	Plur
Martin married Grace Faye Aikins in Pawnee City , Nebraska , on August 12 , 1919 .	Plur
Windows Runtime and thus C + + / CX supports runtime-based generics .	Plur
She made sailings between the United Kingdom , and Australia and New Zealand .	Plur
The German withdrawal continued on 15 October and 2 / 2nd Londons established footbridges over the canal .	Plur
Upon their arrival , Kramer gave the victim more narcotics and again had sexual intercourse with her .	Plur
Robert Levin supplied three " convincing reconstructions " for the Bach Cantata Pilgrimage .	Plur
In the field of gender , she has discussed Byzantine empresses , eunuchs and the way Byzantine society reacted to gender .	Plur
When he hung up his hat he laid down his cares , burying himself in the bosom of his family .	Plur
Erik Andreas Børresen as born in the Bragernes neighborhood of Drammen in Buskerud , Norway .	Plur
This motivates the subscripts and for identifying the null basis vectors .	Plur
In 1989 , Stanek allegedly shouted racial epithets and assaulted an African American driver at the scene of a traffic accident in which he was involved .	Plur
The heat from the volcano produces many onsen in the surrounding area .	Plur
In October 2011 he successfully argued " Maples v. Thomas " .	Plur
The followers often believe the charms and the cult initiations make them bulletproof .	Plur
Condemned prisoners wear the same blue trousers worn by other prisoners .	Plur
In 1982 , he also formed a ' 60s ' R & B cover band , which was eventually named Jack Mack and the Heart Attack .	Plur
Dr. Stowell works with RBC ( Radio Bible Class ) Ministries in Grand Rapids , partnering in media productions .	Plur
As stems grow , they develop their own rhizoids and become independent of the protonema .	Plur
Caribou may eat mosses when little other forage is available .	Plur
The town of Komono , Mie Prefecture , has many onsen .	Plur
The documentary also shows the lionesses , Mona and Lisa , and a foster cub named Supercub welcoming the two men .	Plur
In a book release " A New Look " , Orange gets eyeglasses , but the television program hasn 't shown this yet .	Plur
They both wear headbands , bracelets and boots .	Plur
In September 2002 , Ortiz joined The Iron Maidens and has remained with the band ever since .	Plur
In February 2007 , Baker joined The Iron Maidens ( world 's only female tribute to Iron Maiden ) .	Plur
The East Exit two up escalators , one for each platform , but only the escalator for Exit 3 supports wheelchairs .	Plur
The West Exit has two escalators , one for each platform , and they both support wheelchairs .	Plur
ARMD performs its aeronautics research at four NASA facilities : Ames Research Center , Armstrong Flight Research Center , Glenn Research Center and Langley Research Center .	Plur
On the October 13 episode of " Impact Wrestling " , they attacked The Broken Hardys .	Plur
At a convenient location along the Kansas Pacific Railway in 1885 , Terra Cotta housed several stockyards .	Plur
In 1988 , Schabas joined Blakes as an Associate in its Litigation Department .	Plur
According to Miscovich , he picked emeralds off the sea floor " like cherries on a cherry tree . "	Plur
His live shows include " Begins " , " Remains " , which James uploaded in full to YouTube in July 2016 , and " Forgives . "	Plur
The Serra do Aracá State Park was created by decree 12.836 of the Amazonas governor Amazonino Mendes on 9 March 1990 .	Plur
A medieval church and graveyard lie c. to the north .	Plur
DAMANNAS then choose 7 Region Coordinators for the Region of Sumatra , Borneo , Java , Bali , Nusa Tenggara , Sulawesi , Maluku and Papua .	Plur
Lightning Lab Manufacturing caters towards hardware startups , and there has been a single programme , run in Lower Hutt , Wellington .	Plur
In 1973 , the Argentine Navy bought three Electras equipped with cargo doors .	Plur
TCD won the Visitors ’ and reached the final of the Ladies ’ .	Plur
The bright orange fur of this species does not contain carotenoids , which commonly produce bright orange colors in nature .	Plur
Tegulae enable tamarins to cling to the sides of tree trunks .	Plur
Other members include subadults , juveniles and infants of either sex .	Plur
It split off the research-based pharmaceuticals into AbbVie in 2013 .	Plur
The company 's in-vitro diagnostics business performs immunoassays and blood screening .	Plur
In 2007 , Abbott acquired Kos Pharmaceuticals for $ 3.7 billion in cash .	Plur
Poisoning causes fetal tissue hypoxia by decreasing the release of maternal oxygen to the fetus .	Plur
The following are the reeves of the Township of York :	Plur
The royal sites of Ireland are also sometimes called ringforts , although their role seems to have been mainly ceremonial .	Plur
Some mousepads increase ergonomics by providing a padded wrist rest .	Plur
The Carrera GT has large side inlets and air dams that help cool the large V10 engine framed by the carbon fibre rear bonnet .	Plur
It is usually produced by motor and transformer core laminations vibrating in time with the magnetic field .	Plur
The album featured the notable track " Elements " .	Plur
New York suffered 44,913 desertions by the war 's end , Pennsylvania recorded 24,050 , with Ohio reporting desertions at 18,354 .	Plur
For Georgian troops , Sherman 's march through their home counties triggered the most desertions .	Plur
Middlebury Outdoor Programs organizes outdoor orientations for incoming students in September and February .	Plur
Nevertheless , the Russian Orthodox Church , which contains around half of all Orthodox believers , still holds its liturgies almost entirely in Church Slavonic .	Plur
The most widespread recension , Russian , has , in turn , several local sub-dialects with slightly different pronunciations .	Plur
By clearing these fields , Allied warships could now enter the Dardanelles themselves , opening the route to attack additional fortifications around the town of Dardanus .	Plur
In 1827 he published a pamphlet entitled " Outlines of American Political Economy " , in which he defended the doctrine of pragmatic protection and free trade .	Plur
These hotels served businesspeople and visitors to the respective city , as well as passengers requiring overnight accommodation between connecting trains .	Plur
In Haredi communities , men wear long trousers and usually long-sleeved shirts ; most will not wear short sleeves at all .	Plur
Haredi women wear blouses covering the elbow and collarbone , and skirts that cover the knees while standing and sitting .	Plur
Sweden allowed Allied spies to listen to German radio signals from a station on Öland .	Plur
The thick wing roots contained the air intakes feeding a single turbojet engine .	Plur
Later , in Denmark , he would create some small seascapes .	Plur
She also enjoyed the normal teenage pastimes such as listening to pop music , dancing , and singing .	Plur
Cook pleads guilty at trial and is imprisoned .	Plur
He managed the Hopkinsville Hoppers for part of the 1936 season .	Plur
However , the base contains volcanics that have been dated at about 2.480 billion years ago ( Gya ) .	Plur
Also in 2005 , he won the “ Best Web Cartoons ” in the " People 's Pick " category from About.com for The Illustrated Daily Scribble .	Plur
Customers experienced long waits for customer service and connectivity issues during its initial months of operation .	Plur
The design of the Art Arena includes many projection alcoves that are playing simultaneously .	Plur
Ledo hails from Klefe in the Volta Region of Ghana , just as his successor Buama .	Plur
Approaching the bullies to get the candy back , Brian is immediately painted pink .	Plur
To the north lie Saltcoats , Stevenston and Ardrossan , often known as the three towns .	Plur
" Theoria " enabled the Fathers to perceive depths of meaning in the biblical writings that escape a purely scientific or empirical approach to interpretation .	Plur
In the Sauveterrian level , geometrically shaped microliths were found , the so-called " Rouffignac heads " .	Plur
The film follows two sweethearts , May and Will , who are reporters for the " Daily Wave " newspaper .	Plur
She sued Mr Hicks for damages for breach of contract to compensate her for the loss of a chance to be selected for an engagement .	Plur
In the course of the election campaign , both Smith and Robinson attended several pre-election hustings .	Plur
The grey hair comes from a group of grannies and grandpas — Sunil 's well-wishers in his village .	Plur
Johnson defined the Speedweeks at Daytona as " awesome " for his Hendrick Motorsports team , sweeping the Duels and the front row for the Daytona 500 .	Plur
He also raised mules and lived in relative seclusion until the painter Delmas Howe persuaded him to move again in 1996 .	Plur
" Homenaje a Dos Leyendas ( 2015 )	Plur
Super Art Fight artists often develop personas that take inspiration from a variety of popular culture influences such as luchadores and pro wrestling .	Plur
A large percentage of the artists have their own webcomics .	Plur
Typically dimensions in a data warehouse are organized internally into one or more hierarchies .	Plur
The teachers at the Lyceum constructed school slates and performed janitor duties because conditions were so poor .	Plur
Australia has two Flight Information Regions which are managed by these centres .	Plur
He often subtly altered these voicings every two beats for variety .	Plur
The author describes Hades as having " a lake of unquenchable fire " prepared by God for a future date of judgment .	Plur
Nate joined The Platters shortly after .	Plur
These clay religious figurines include the cylindrical skirted goddesses in cylindrical skirts with their hands raised in the epiphany gesture .	Plur
The canoe routes include well maintained portages between lakes .	Plur
The campground includes six heated yurts which have electric lighting , a power outlet , a propane barbecue and bunk beds .	Plur
Standpoint theorists such as Donna Haraway sought to show standpoint as the " notion of situated knowledge ... to counter the apparent relativism of Standpoint theory " .	Plur
In these early years Chandrababu made acquaintances of the actors Sriram , B. R. Panthulu and , through them , T. R. Mahalingam .	Plur
Between each of the twelve windows sat apostles .	Plur
In the conch of the apse , one can discern two archangels standing against a dark blue background .	Plur
Visitors to Cyprus always remark about so much pottery sherds lying about the countryside .	Plur
Soon , Maya and Tiffany began creating their own show , " The Animal Talkers " .	Plur
Pembleton confronts the Wilsons with the love letters , which Hal said he never had the courage to give to Brierre .	Plur
The Chinese forces initially did not recognize the Geneva Conventions and followed its own " Policy of Tolerance " .	Plur
The German fighters claimed 10 heavies and 4 escorts in return , with 10 . / JG 301 's Fw .	Plur
and IV . / JG 301 claimed 9 B-24s and 3 P-51s .	Plur
The USAAF lost only 3 B-24s , all from the 485th Bombardment Group .	Plur
The two Geschwaders downed 18 B-17s , 7 P-51s and one P-47 .	Plur
The pivotal paper of Sulzberger and Witten in 1952 on Compound F ( later named hydrocortisone ) introduced topical glucocorticoids into dermatology .	Plur
Early members were mostly Anaesthetists but early members also included Physicians such as Dr R Maher who pioneered the use of intrathecal phenol for cancer pain .	Plur
The participants watch " Ancient Aliens " on a monitor while the show is greenscreened behind them .	Plur
The main components of Chechen dishes include spicy seasonings , onion , wild garlic , pepper and thyme .	Plur
He formed Hollywood Brats in 1971 .	Plur
Tony Mott was born Anthony Moulds in April 1956 , child of Brian and Mary Moulds , and raised in Sheffield , England .	Plur
Mott 's first international portrait featured the Eurythmics .	Plur
He formed the band The Sincere Serenaders in 1977 , and was signed to Capitol Records .	Plur
The team 's statistical leaders included Randy Humphries with 1,247 passing yards , Gary Fowler with 665 rushing yards , and Wayne Stewart with 679 receiving yards .	Plur
On the north fascia this reads : Best Brands - ROYAL HOTEL- Ales , Wines , Spirits , etc .	Plur
The bill , authored by Low , would update city incinerators and require apartment buildings to replace their incinerators with other garbage disposal methods .	Plur
Hourglass Angel sells corsets with hook-and-eye enclosures and steel stays , or boning .	Plur
He discovered natural quasicrystals in 2009 , showing that quasicrystals can form spontaneously in nature and remain stable for geological times .	Plur
Players may hold one or more non-WR nationalities .	Plur
Dash nearly drowns , but is rescued by Lunch Lady Lorraine .	Plur
She owns 15 Certificates of Authorship of the State Committee of Inventions of USSR and 2 Patents of inventions of Republic of Tajikistan ( 1998 ) .	Plur
After this movies success in Indonesia box office achieved 1.100.000 watchers , Starvision Plus make Virgin the series on TV .	Plur
The ground floor room has large alcoves .	Plur
The frogs generate many different pharmacologically active peptides as part of the defensive secretions covering their skin .	Plur
In 1994 they issued their debut album " Parables for Wooden Ears " , which did not reach the ARIA Albums Chart .	Plur
As part of its life cycle , the fungus produces sclerotia that persist in dead plant tissue and the soil .	Plur
Then the fungus produces conidia and repeats its life cycle .	Plur
Afterward , the teliospores shed haploid basidiospores repeating the cycle .	Plur
The disease affects mostly conifers , e.g .	Plur
He joined Prescot Cables in November .	Plur
Coached by Eddie McNeeley , the Horsemen featured Notre Dame Four Horsemen Harry Stuhldreher and Elmer Layden .	Plur
The song begins with a background commentary in faux German : " Achtung !	Plur
In 1973 , a group called " The Hotshots ! "	Plur
He supported Gervase Elwes from the start of his professional career and was his lifelong friend .	Plur
It has 3 rope ski tows and a T-bar covering a beginner-intermediate terrain of 59 hectares .	Plur
It is entitled " The Beauties of Foot-ball " :	Plur
The overall structure of the backdrop displays likeness to the Sarnath Buddha .	Plur
The design had ten internal bulkheads .	Plur
Those who dont have childrens they come here and pray lord Krishna and we have many examples here .	Plur
The archives also hold microfilms of many other important documents .	Plur
Documents printed on modern paper often contain bleaches and other chemicals which can speed up this deterioration .	Plur
The modular approach allows individual workflows to be used and individual steps to be exchanged .	Plur
Highlands has received two OFSTED Outstanding Ratings : One in 2011 and one in 2014 .	Plur
On February 13 843 at " Kill the Foreigners " Mountain , the Tang Chinese inflicted a devastating defeat upon the Uyghur Qaghan 's forces .	Plur
On March 9 , 1694 legislation passed by the Colony of New York appointed the first local mariners as Sandy Hook pilots .	Plur
She has had Roles on House MDand Henry Danger	Plur
Two missed spares in the second game doomed Lenevat with Robinson capitalizing , stringing five strikes in a row in winning 379-373 .	Plur
" F. ginsengisoli " carried peritrichous fibrils , which were very fine and hairy and projected out from the cell wall .	Plur
In 2011 they released the single " Dreamers " through Neon Gold .	Plur
In this event the TN Air Guard provided C-5 Cargo Transports to move the logistical equipment and support personnel from Oregon to Bulgaria .	Plur
In addition to this absent data , many interviews of the Federal Writers Project have interviewees who shape their story to their advantage .	Plur
Specifically , he investigated leukocytes , the cells of the conjunctive tissue , collagenous and elastic fibers , pigment , and cell differentiation .	Plur
These men wear turbans on their heads and carry tridents and other religious mascots along with them .	Plur
She frequently spoke at J. S. Woodsworth 's " Peoples ' Forums " , a series of Sunday afternoon lectures .	Plur
At the end of the day , that network trusts its showrunners .	Plur
He then joined Tasman Makos for a season before moving to Hawke 's Bay .	Plur
In 1992 , Dr. Campbell Laird and Dr. Yuanfeng Li invented the EFS ™ .	Plur
Dietrich played for the Charlotte Stone Crabs of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League and Montgomery Biscuits of the Class AA Southern League in 2012 .	Plur
Todd also led the Bobcats in steals with 39 , three-pointers with 45 , and tied for the team lead in assists with 69 .	Plur
Brandon Todd led the Bobcats in scoring with 473 points , reaching double-figures in all 21 games .	Plur
Todd also led the Bobcats in steals with 65 and three-pointers with 74 .	Plur
In Brandon 's final season , he led the Bobcats in scoring with 449 points , reaching double-figures in 20 games .	Plur
Todd also led the Bobcats in assists with 69 , steals with 57 , and three-pointers with 58 .	Plur
He also produced the films " Remains " and " 30 Days of Night " .	Plur
According to Mohamed , the Egyptian revolution of 2011 has enabled young atheists in the country to be heard after decades of censorship .	Plur
Between the columns are floor-to-ceiling height panes of tinted glass , with polished marble panels between the two floors .	Plur
Salgado hails from Rio Grande .	Plur
This would allow postdocs to " strike out away from the beaten path [ and ] will bring fresh ideas and approaches to the table " .	Plur
Forss hails from a football family .	Plur
The upper part of the formation contains conglomerates and glauconitic sandstones .	Plur
The umpires ' efforts include " BLUE For Kids " , " Blue Crew Tickets " , and " All-Star Scholarships " .	Plur
HAL Labs then changed the mazes and some of the graphics of " Taxman " and rebranded it as " Taxman 2 " in 1982 .	Plur
She addressed " archetypes that exist within Japanese folklore , as well as Kabuki and Noh performance that appear to be focal points for ... westerners . "	Plur
In 1977 , the band self-released " Aliens in Our Midst " , their first single , on a record label they called Twirp .	Plur
The venue also incorporates eateries among other facilities as an event center to host social gatherings .	Plur
SAP SE , Aetna , Mrs. Fields Cookies , and Brooklyn Union Gas have done " managing by wire " .	Plur
The mystery resolved , Priscilla consents to wed Dr. Fosdick .	Plur
On February 21 , the Bears swept the Golden Flashes in a doubleheader , winning the two games by a combined score of 10 – 4 .	Plur
As the economy slowed in the 1910s , more modest homes were constructed , primarily bungalows .	Plur
By 2017 , SpaceX submitted regulatory filings to launch nearly 12,000 satellites to orbit by the mid-2020s .	Plur
The van gets stuck in scaffolding and the Flushed Pets escape .	Plur
Toilet cubicles and benchtops were terrazzo of a neutral colour .	Plur
Thomas Augustine Ryan purchased subs 131 and 132 on 13 March 1889 , and sold sub 131 to Welsby on 22 December 1891 .	Plur
It has greyish-green , linear , twisted , leaves , that can grow between long and 1.5 – 2 mm wide .	Plur
Note ; ' Egeria ' means water buffaloes or cows pulling ( in China ) .	Plur
People with the name include several sportspeople :	Plur
Tønnessen later took the dr.philos .	Plur
He sub-contracted other potters to make shapes to his specification , and to hold these in stocks until he required them .	Plur
It uses subcontractors to take non-urgent patients to and from hospitals , and there have been complaints about the operation .	Plur
They led local Panchayats and acted as local representative of the rulers .	Plur
In addition , Astur-Leonese marked masculine plurals with ( < -ōs ) .	Plur
The company also sold Renewable Energy Certificates ( RECs ) through their American Wind program .	Plur
By age 18 she had won the Juventudes Musicales in Spain and at age 20 had her debut at Palau de la Música in Barcelona .	Plur
For the details of the notations and terms , see " swaras " in Carnatic music .	Plur
It had 9 Presbyteries and a General assembly .	Plur
As on date of merger it had 103 Branches .	Plur
The test comprises 8 subsets that represent everyday tasks and has three parallel forms .	Plur
The TEA-Ch has 9 subsets and two parallel forms .	Plur
Leasing agents aggressively sought out acreages to lease mineral rights in Pennsylvania .	Plur
The project , named the Rover Pipeline , has had numerous spills during its construction process .	Plur
UTA has played the Texas State Bobcats the most at Allan Saxe Field , with 54 games played .	Plur
A variation uses molasses instead of brown sugar , or caramel sauce or maple syrup can also be substituted .	Plur
The Bridging Camp 's inner training area allows Sappers to hone their skills on everything from raft building to familiarisation with modern weaponry .	Plur
Smaller units include outlets for international brands Adidas , Bata Shoes , CFC Stanbic Bank , Converse , FedEx , and Samsung Mobile .	Plur
Chrome will also autocomplete the URLs of sites visited often .	Plur
Chrome has special URLs that load application-specific pages instead of websites or files on disk .	Plur
In addition , Android users can now add bookmarks to their Android home screens if they choose and decide which apps should handle links opened in Chrome .	Plur
In the fall of 1991 , he joined the Tulsa Ambush of the National Professional Soccer League .	Plur
In 1924 , Greenfield and his father-in-law Sol C. Kraus formed Bankers Bond & Mortgage Company to handle first mortgages on real estate in Philadelphia .	Plur
After expanding to the New York City market , the firm was renamed Bankers Bond & Mortgage Company of America .	Plur
Non-prize winners received 80-100 Francs per point .	Plur
Non-prize winners received 100 Francs per point .	Plur
Rejecting the repressive and limiting cadences of traditional languages , they croak , scream , cry like seagulls , sing sweetly , and shout hoarsely .	Plur
He also killed the hoodlums that she was with , and then confiscated the bribes that they were carrying .	Plur
The cytoplasm contains many yellow-green chloroplasts .	Plur
The dense blooms can also cause animal mortalities through anoxia .	Plur
The company had numerous operations in Nevada County , including Union Diggings at Columbia Hill , but those at Malakoff Mine were the most notable .	Plur
Belgium has Het Bos in Antwerp .	Plur
This rain caused small inundations , storm drain overflows , and closed one major highway .	Plur
After two and a half years of improvement effort , the cave was renamed Seneca Caverns and opened to the public on May 14 , 1933 .	Plur
Like 1080 , it will kill stoats that feed on poisoned animals .	Plur
It will not control stoats because it will not knock down rat populations or bioaccumulate in poisoned animals .	Plur
However , an intensive ground operation will typically involve trapping possums and stoats , but poisoning rats because there are so many more of them .	Plur
League One expands to 14 teams next season .	Plur
In this way the PCI takes into account the chloroplasts of broken cells and small phytoplankton which cannot be counted during the microscopic analysis stage .	Plur
In 1951 he joined the General Zionists and became chairman of the party 's Tel Aviv branch in 1964 .	Plur
The team ran Fords with Roush Yates Engines and used the number 98 to honor the memory of Benny Parsons .	Plur
The bill required the Regents of the State School Board to draw up a list of all subversive organizations .	Plur
Each country gave undertakings to deliver certain elements of cast or crew .	Plur
According to Dror Etkes , Israeli settlers have violated the accords by spreading into Area B and seizing private Palestinian land for cultivation and settlement .	Plur
On 17 February 1914 he married Ruby Violet Summerhayes .	Plur
Rain then falls from the sky , the raindrops containing small flecks of glowing bacteria , bringing life back into the world .	Plur
Bulbs of " H. crispus " , unusually for winter rainfall species , have tunics whose edges form horizontal girdles , instead of the normal distichous arrangement .	Plur
This form had punters excited and the team were early favourites for a top four finish the next year .	Plur
Hawthorn defeated the Fremantle Dockers by 15 points to claim their 11th premiership after a tough and scrappy game .	Plur
The Under-17s won 3 Premierships in a row from 1960 to 1962 .	Plur
Royal Artillery Portsmouth were nicknamed " The Gunners " , because of their artillery role in the British army .	Plur
Some laboratories use robotic sample handlers ( Laboratory automation ) to optimize the workflow and reduce the risk of contamination from sample handling by the staff .	Plur
Imported 42 Il-12 airliners from 1950 to 1951 used to airlift to Lhasa during the Incorporation of Tibet into the People 's Republic of China .	Plur
By 11 December , the Romanians recaptured Mount Mithridates .	Plur
In 1980 , he co-founded Symbolics , developing software for the Symbolics Lisp Machine .	Plur
Integrated safety risk management explores safety risk from a NAS enterprise framework to identify potential safety gaps inherent in NextGen capabilities .	Plur
The western section contains heath and scrub communities ranging from less than one metre to in height .	Plur
In the middle of the 19th century there were destroyed the hermitages of Saint Bartholome and of Mary Magdalene .	Plur
In its origins , Villarejo was given the name Fuentes .	Plur
Alcalde desde 2007 es Carlos Amalio Viejo Coracho .	Plur
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs includes the following Assistants :	Plur
The first gill arch has 6 to 8 gill rakers on the upper limb and 12 or 13 on the lower .	Plur
The project plan includes two roundabouts , one at the Floyd Avenue and Brooks Road intersection and one at the Hangar Road intersection .	Plur
A large portion of the state received blackouts , including the southeastern portion of the state , which includes major cities Lincoln and Omaha .	Plur
The Napoleonic period caused great upheavals .	Plur
Linky Boshoff defeated Brigitte Cuypers 6 – 1 , 6 – 4	Plur
The statement read : " ECOWAS expresses sincere gratitude to the members of the Security Council for taking this important decision .	Plur
All in all , Horacio Carabelli has designed and built sailboats of the following classes :	Plur
Clyde Roberts outrushed Beattie Feathers as the SoCon champion Vols tied the Commodores 0 – 0 .	Plur
He has performed oratorios by George Frideric Handel and the part of the Evangelist in Bach 's Passions .	Plur
The topic is " Openness and Innovation : Shaping the Global Economy " .	Plur
The front inscription reads " The grateful Inhabitants , to George the Third on his entering the 50th Year of his Reign . "	Plur
They also offered 500 ducats for the person who would kill Jelena Balšić and her son Balša III .	Plur
Mataguži killed four Hoti clansmen during the counter-attack .	Plur
Since 2009 , he has represented Slovenia at several international tournaments , both the World Men 's Handball Championships and European Men 's Handball Championships .	Plur
The below table categorizes 52 mandals into their respective revenue divisions in the district :	Plur
Oil and petrochemical refineries use batch mixers , flaking mills , blenders and drying rolls that each require rotary unions .	Plur
Rubber tire plants use industrial mixers , extruders , calendar train cooling stacks and rayon slashers to make tire cord .	Plur
An epitome of honesty and truthfulness , he did not use polemics or protests to get his point across , but sincerity and straightforwardness .	Plur
( See eight-thousanders for current list . )	Plur
His pay was initially 1,500 gulden per annum ; in addition he received a bonus of 240 gulden .	Plur
Croatian war propaganda , even at the peak of the Croat-Bosniak war , still held the Serbs as the primary enemy .	Plur
In 1995 , Izetbegović invited the jihadists to leave the country , leading to his denouncement from other Islamists .	Plur
Wing also placed AS on the autism spectrum , although Asperger was uncomfortable characterizing his patient on the continuum of autistic spectrum disorders .	Plur
Riders who graduated to the UCI World Tour from the team included Esteban Chaves and Darwin Atapuma .	Plur
Matthew Stafford led the Dawgs with a career-high of 407 yds passing and 5 tds .	Plur
It also offers Professional Certificates to students who fulfill the requirements of their Modern Office Management and Dress Designing Manufacturing programs .	Plur
The Rodeo Creek watershed drains about , gathering flows from numerous small tributaries originating on the southwest slopes of Franklin Ridge .	Plur
These include postcards of Saugerties Light with links to customized nautical charts provided by National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration .	Plur
Lambert rejoined Strawbs in the 1980s and is still a member of the band .	Plur
Edward Rosewater and John Rosicky , early Omaha newspaper editors originally from Bohemia , encouraged countrymen to come by extolling promises of free land in frontier Nebraska .	Plur
She received two Ondas Awards for the latter two films .	Plur
Dendritic cells were therefore considered " nature 's adjuvants " for T cell immnunity , meaning they helped induce T cells .	Plur
She was a founding member of the alternative folk band Ed 's Redeeming Qualities , and has played in The Breeders and 100 Watt Smile .	Plur
These models might be considered the SLRs that truly established Konica 's reputation for quality .	Plur
These include prefixes such as " ha- " used to negate verbs , and infixes such as " -ka- " used to form potential tenses .	Plur
The Nicasio Creek watershed drains of coastal area of Marin County , California .	Plur
The brothers bred Thoroughbreds at their farm , which have won many prominent races .	Plur
Current tenants include Staples , Rite Aid , and Forman Mills , a clothing store opening its first New York store in the Bronx .	Plur
His personal henchmen include the Enforcers and Sandman .	Plur
Applying this formula , it would take approximately 2,800 additional psychiatrists to eliminate the current mental health HPSA designations .	Plur
" Lockwood " ( Helio Corps ) became the go-between for the trusts after they took control of Atlas .	Plur
Players can now purchase freelancers outside the free rotation with real world or in game currency earned through playing .	Plur
At the same time the Central Council of Ukraine had its own Gubernatorial Commissars in each governorate .	Plur
Vinyltriethoxysilane and the related vinyltrimethoxysilane are using as monomers and comonomer for polymers such as ethylene-vinyltrimethoxysilane and ethylene-vinyl acetate-vinyltrimethoxysilane .	Plur
The selection committee has included playwrights Edward Albee , Wendy Wasserstein , James Lapine , and Richard Greenberg .	Plur
Törngren operated Nuutajärvi glassworks and later he had a significant role in industrialisation of Tampere .	Plur
The mansion area included also Nuutajärvi glassworks which was at the beginning leased to another operator , but in 1851 Törngren started took lead of the factory .	Plur
During 1856 – 1859 Törngren additionally operated small glassworks in Tourula , Yläne .	Plur
The choir performed motets by Praetorius , Schütz , Bach , Mendelssohn , Brahms , Reger , Pepping and Dallapiccola , among others .	Plur
As a result of creative differences between Coder and the rest of the group , David recorded basslines on " High Plains " .	Plur
After some time and a change in schools , Carlitos encounters Rosales on a bus .	Plur
At age 25 , she founded NYX Cosmetics in her 600 square foot building in California , using a $ 250,000 loan from her parents .	Plur
The most similar species to " Endothyrella plectostoma " include " Endothyrella affinis " and " Endothyrella sowerbyi " .	Plur
These three appear on a rare EP the band released under the name Amasic , called " Endless Possibilities " .	Plur
Rocco suddenly reappears and kills Morgan .	Plur
Critically , they are all highly economically developed democracies and there is also a distinct common culture and familial bond between them " .	Plur
Brahmin and Baniya also have their individual haveli .	Plur
Since then he often visits Habermas at his residence in Starnberg , Germany whenever he travels to Europe even now .	Plur
One church worker reported five hundred East Timorese dying of starvation every month in one district .	Plur
They provide stabling for Great Western Railway Class 43 HSTs , Class 165 / 166 Turbos and Class 180 Adelantes .	Plur
The game originally had received an " Adults Only " rating from the Entertainment Software Rating Board due to its level of violence .	Plur
Leonisa launched its first mens underwear collection in 1975 under the Airell brand .	Plur
On leaving school he joined the Sunset Royal Entertainers and toured Texas , before enlisting in 1942 and joining the military in Europe and north Africa .	Plur
Moseley played bowls from the age of eight and reached his first national singles quarter final in 1970 before winning the national fours in 1971 .	Plur
Martin Lank , who was elected as a member of Dawn of Direct Democracy , joined the Realists on 25 May 2017 .	Plur
Another MP from Dawn , Jana Hnyková , joined the Realists on 5 September 2017 .	Plur
The Bayocean post office was briefly renamed " Cape Meares " in 1953 but closed the next year .	Plur
The city was originally named just " Dalles " .	Plur
The Shaniko Stagecoach Station sells sodas and other items of interest .	Plur
The new railroad was approaching Free Orchards in 1871 , and Cornelius saw an opportunity to benefit from the new railroad .	Plur
Important foods included camas and wapato , and the Atfalati traded for salmon from Chinookan tribes near Willamette Falls on the Willamette River .	Plur
An Australian team led by Professor Anthony Burkitt is developing two retinal prostheses .	Plur
On 17 May 2013 DeGale knocked out 33 year old Canadian boxer Sébastien Demers in the second round in a non-title fight .	Plur
DeGale landed two lefts , 30 seconds into the round and Peribán was unable to continue .	Plur
Major retail locations include grocers Albertsons , Food 4 Less , and Stater Brothers , and Lowe ’ s Home Improvement Store .	Plur
Its collections include " Epilobium angustifolium " , " Larix decidua " , " Picea abies " , and other alpine vegetation .	Plur
Since the above holds for the social optimum as well , comparing the ratios formula _ 51 and formula _ 52 proves the claim .	Plur
He has also received honorary Professorships from Capital University in Beijing and Keio University in Tokyo .	Plur
" An Arundel Tomb " is a c . 1956 poem by Philip Larkin published in 1964 in his collection " The Whitsun Weddings " .	Plur
They took out his bowels ,	Plur
Viewed from the levee or the railroad tracks , the church steeples crown downtown .	Plur
Merola also enables young coach accompanists and stage directors of exceptional talent to develop skills through the apprentice coach and stage director programs .	Plur
The parkway uses marked crosswalks to cross several major roads including Farnham Gate Road , Langbrae Drive , Radcliffe Drive , and Lacewood Drive .	Plur
In addition to the popular plays of the time , she put on adaptations of Shakespearean tragedies , classic Greek tragedies and contemporary poetry among others .	Plur
For an encore he performs " Give My Regards to Broadway " as Judy Garland .	Plur
Through 2012 , X-Acto sold ceramic and convection space heaters and fans under the Boston brand name .	Plur
For example , they provide banquets on the theme of chrysanthemum .	Plur
Information and inspiration for the music reached Czechs through unlikely means .	Plur
It scattered many Czechs into exile , whence they were able to send books , recordings , and other materials back home .	Plur
This property is called functional completeness .	Plur
State Beaches in or adjacent to Santa Monica Mountains NRA :	Plur
This would lead to the attribution to his throne name " Aakheperre " both the epithets " Setepenre " and " Setepenamun " .	Plur
East Lothian Council provides Reserve Wardens .	Plur
5 ) Pioneering Wearable Camera Stabilizer Platforms	Plur
This fire produced considerable updrafts for about nine days .	Plur
The operators were given respirators and potassium iodide tablets and told to continue working .	Plur
The Milky Way may also contain perhaps ten billion white dwarfs , a billion neutron stars , and a hundred million black holes .	Plur
When Hera awoke , she tore Heracles away from her breast and splattered her breast milk across the heavens .	Plur
Alf takes the Murphys in whilst Mrs Blitztein accommodates the Sens .	Plur
Chairs 6 and 4 are high-speed detachable quads , while Chairs 7 and 3 are normal quads .	Plur
Excavations have revealed the postholes for internal timber buildings and in the 19th century there were said to have been radiating stone piers visible .	Plur
The judges often described her choreographies as sexy or hot , though she was voted off by them before making it into the finals .	Plur
It protects the softer shales and limestones beneath it from weathering and erosion .	Plur
During an exchange of blows , ECW fans would often chant " Balls ! "	Plur
" Managing Fo Multiple Benefits : Farming , Flood Protection , and Habitat Restoration in the Yolo Bypass Wildlife Area . "	Plur
Tourists can view the whirlpools from the bridge or numerous commercial boats .	Plur
In 1895 , he married Clara Hicks .	Plur
The rodeo stadium held three-day weekend rodeos jointly sponsored by the local VFW post in Lancaster .	Plur
Some oxygen bar companies offer safe water-based aromas for flavoring in order to maintain compliance and stay within FDA guidelines .	Plur
Notable burials in the church included the notorious " hanging judge " Judge Jeffreys .	Plur
Titles of previous public lectures include " Ice cream delights " , " Why do we like some foods and hate others ?	Plur
This flexi featured 2 tracks - Riots and We 're All Slaves .	Plur
In the Eastern Division semifinals , they upset the defending league champion New England Whalers , four games to three .	Plur
The Tigers also faced the Edmonton Eskimos and Dominions who served as representatives of Alberta 's capital .	Plur
They met the Regina Capitals in the league championship in a two-game , total goals series .	Plur
The edges often grow many branchlets of uneven lengths .	Plur
The surfaces of older individuals will grow warty or spiky protuberances .	Plur
Additionally , big red crosses indicate great persecutions of Christians at the times of the Roman Empire and small red crosses stand for each of the crusades .	Plur
In Australia he performed " Barretts " among others .	Plur
The Ministry of Interior still appoints prefects , but they play a much more limited role , as local representatives of national government .	Plur
Y lleven de la Patria a todos los confines	Plur
Like Harsimus Cove and Hamilton Park to the north and Bergen-Lafayette to the southwest , the neighborhood contains nineteenth century rowhouses and brownstones .	Plur
Two young princes of King Louis-Philippe of France , Antoine and Henri , heard the trills .	Plur
The weather reached record extremes .	Plur
Must go through at least two evaluators for two different opinions of ability .	Plur
The Whitehead model has been modified and used : New Supervisors , Corrections , Communications , Fire / EMS , SWAT , etc .	Plur
Each task category may have several sub-categories .	Plur
Later that year , while visiting the same granddaughter in Cranborne , Dorset , he developed bronchitis , from which he died .	Plur
Residents in the area in the 1950s and 1960s discovered arrowheads and other archaeological items indicating a Huron presence .	Plur
On July 2 , 1956 , he married showgirl Joyce Mathews , and they divorced July 23 , 1959 .	Plur
They made brief landfalls at Bugio Island ( Desertas Islands ) and Madeira , but Brown was disappointed to collect almost nothing of note from either site .	Plur
In 1818 he published " Observations , systematical and geographical , on the herbarium collected by Professor Christian Smith , in the vicinity of the Congo " .	Plur
Originally constructed in 1877 , the school took its first enrollments in April 1878 .	Plur
These were granted huge swaths of land on the promise they would be developed .	Plur
Written Japanese uses several different scripts : kanji ( Chinese characters ) , 2 sets of " kana " ( phonetic syllabaries ) and roman letters .	Plur
He also composed serious madrigals , though not in the quantity of composers like Marenzio , as well as some sacred music .	Plur
The Pallantian cavalry constantly harassed his foragers until he ran out of food and he had to withdraw .	Plur
Lucullus then drove Mithridates back into Pontus .	Plur
Notable alumni in the field of business include Derrick Fung and Preet Banerjee .	Plur
His flight time included three spacewalks to install the centerpiece science module of the International Space Station ( ISS ) .	Plur
Such devices are generally termed " legal dosimeters " if they have been approved for use in recording personnel dose for regulatory purposes .	Plur
This allows first responders a safe way to perform necessary missions in radioactive environments .	Plur
The GT had twin carburetors and the two-stroke engine had been tuned to develop 50 hp ( 37 kW ) .	Plur
In 2016 , Newman scored the motion picture " Passengers " starring Andy Garcia , Michael Sheen , Laurence Fishburne , Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt .	Plur
The large villas stand as testaments to its use by wealthy city-dwellers .	Plur
The name refers the blue envelops in which the Dutch tax administration sends its mail in , i.a .	Plur
In 2003 , she co-starred with Jackie Chan in " The Medallion " , in 2005 " Green Street Hooligans " with Charlie Hunnam and Elijah Wood .	Plur
Men sometimes wear beards , plain coats and often black hats .	Plur
Around this time he joined the London Jazz Composers Orchestra and also got involved with collaborations with Howard Riley .	Plur
Manado Malay is another creole which is the lingua franca in Manado and Minahasa , North Sulawesi .	Plur
Saarland issued a few commemoratives each year through 1956 , punctuated by a definitive set showing various buildings , in 1952 .	Plur
His father had been prescribed antidepressants , and had discreetly transferred his joint bank account and utilities into his wife 's name .	Plur
It comprises " official bootlegs " previously available on other singles as well as a pair of tracks from the band 's 1991 demo .	Plur
Later female artists who count Esthero among their influences include Res , Fergie and fellow Canadian Nelly Furtado .	Plur
These two kinases regulate autophagy through inhibitory phosphorylation of the Unc-51-like kinases ULK1 and ULK2 ( mammalian homologues of Atg1 ) .	Plur
These metabolic stresses include hypoxia , nutrient deprivation , and an increase in proliferation .	Plur
Without efficient autophagy , neurons gather ubiquitinated protein aggregates and degrade .	Plur
The constructive fancy of the economic historian sees flotillas of Pomeranian merchants moving to and fro from Szczecin ( Stettin ) down the Oder and Netze .	Plur
The boats used were very graceful two-masted luggers .	Plur
Male chimaeras have cephalic claspers ( tenacula ) on their heads , which are thought to aid in holding the female during mating .	Plur
In the novel , however , Brubaker 's squadron flew McDonnell McDonnell F2H Banshees .	Plur
田 means " rice paddies " and reflected the town 's hope for abundant water and rice cultivation .	Plur
Safety is an issue and the 25-year old " yakudoshi " are assigned guardians who do not drink " sake " .	Plur
At luau-themed parties , the guests can make their own lei or they can be bought .	Plur
In 1998 , Gail E. Mengel and Linda L. Booth became the first two women apostles in the church .	Plur
To do so violates the Debtors ' right to equal protection of those laws embodied in the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment .	Plur
Pipers who use staccato fingering often are termed " closed-style " pipers .	Plur
With this technique and some practice , many pipers can accurately play the semitones which would otherwise require a chromatic key to be installed .	Plur
He also wrote " Danger and Survival : Choices About the Bomb in the First Fifty Years " ( 1988 ) .	Plur
Also , he made conjectures regarding non-Euclidean space .	Plur
They placed the bowls at the water 's edge , and started to spin them .	Plur
On the morning of the fourth day , the people sent locusts flying to the east to find out what was happening .	Plur
The shell has labral sinuses .	Plur
Its walls has strong wrinkles .	Plur
The last two whorls have plicae near the channelled suture , with a row of tubercles , bordering on the infrasutural sulcus .	Plur
The outer and basal margin have short plicae in the interior .	Plur
At least one Roman Catholic writer does not consider Mormons and members of some other religious groups to be separated brethren .	Plur
Bezzina also has revived oratorios :	Plur
At the Carnival , Fernie played the Regents once more .	Plur
In 1923 , the Fernie Swastikas defeated the Calgary Regents and the Vancouver Amazons to become champions .	Plur
On January 24 , 1923 , the Swastikas beat the Regents by a 3-0 score .	Plur
The Spartan Poker often carries out cleanliness and hygiene drives in slums and less-fortunate areas to raise awareness about the boons of cleanliness .	Plur
He represented Surrey U18s , and also played for Harlequins in the A league whilst still a schoolboy .	Plur
After 4 days of looting they invited Fazas arch-rivals from Pate town to take away anything that they liked from Faza .	Plur
After finishing his rugby career he took up bowls , winning the 1912 Brighouse and District bowling championships .	Plur
Crucible Industries produces " Crucible Particle Metallurgy " ( CPM ) tool steels using a powder metal forge process .	Plur
The latter two are considered premium cutlery steels for both folding knives and fixed blades .	Plur
Thyssen-Krupp names their steels using standard convention , i. e. removing .1 from w-Nr 1.4116 .	Plur
The tax collected was ten Coins .	Plur
Gabriela Mărginean joined Arras Pays d 'Artois in the summer of 2010 .	Plur
In 2003 , Uematsu co-founded The Black Mages , a instrumental rock group independent of Square that has released albums of arranged " Final Fantasy " tunes .	Plur
At this point the chylomicrons can transport the triglycerides to tissues where they are stored or metabolized for energy .	Plur
While propositional logic deals with simple declarative propositions , first-order logic additionally covers predicates and quantification .	Plur
The non-logical symbols represent predicates ( relations ) , functions and constants on the domain of discourse .	Plur
For example , some authors use colons or full stops instead of parentheses , or change the places in which parentheses are inserted .	Plur
These finite deductions themselves are often called derivations in proof theory .	Plur
They may also use formal logics that are stronger than first-order logic , such as type theory .	Plur
That is , functors must preserve identity morphisms and composition of morphisms .	Plur
Ordinary functors are also called covariant functors in order to distinguish them from contravariant ones .	Plur
One can compose functors , i.e .	Plur
Chef François Massialot wrote " Le Cuisinier roïal et bourgeois " in 1691 , during the reign of Louis XIV .	Plur
His influence began with the rise of some of the great hotels in Europe and America during the 1880s – 1890s .	Plur
In smaller cities and towns , some working people leave their workplaces to return home for lunch .	Plur
I loved all mankind , slaveholders not excepted , though I abhorred slavery more than ever .	Plur
Douglass also became chargé d 'affaires for the Dominican Republic , but resigned that position after two years because of disagreements with U.S. government policy .	Plur
Examples of such fluids include plasmas , liquid metals , and salt water .	Plur
Women published most media fanzines , which by contrast also included fan fiction .	Plur
After that came fanzines by the followers of Harvey Kurtzman 's " Mad " , " Trump " and " Humbug " .	Plur
Bros has also championed zarzuelas and neglected operas by Spanish composers .	Plur
The Music Video Has Surpassed 800K Views On YouTube .	Plur
He then looted several sloops , beating the captain of sloop who surrendered too easily , and kept the largest 12-gun sloop for his own .	Plur
He marooned the Frenchmen , allowing only a few back aboard the " Morning Star " .	Plur
There may have been other Romano-British saints ' cults which survived into the sixth and seventh century , when they were suppressed amid the Anglo-Saxon migration .	Plur
It also administers the Notts , Lincs and Derby county rugby representative teams .	Plur
In 1802 , August Batsch placed the " aloes " in the family Aloaceae rather than the Liliaceae .	Plur
They defeated Dhaka Dynamites in the final to be crowned the champions .	Plur
She had recurrent fevers in childhood that caused significant vision loss .	Plur
The association holds thrice-annual Summits , split between the North America , Asia / Pacific , and Europe / Middle East / Africa regions .	Plur
The screens measure 168.8 by 68.5 centimetres ( 66.4 in × 27.0 in ) each , and belong to the Tokyo Fuji Art Museum .	Plur
Moonbase launches three interceptors who fire upon the UFO but it manages to escape destruction .	Plur
Ealing Trailfinders at home to Connacht Eagles on 13 January 2018	Plur
Ealing Trailfinders at home to Connacht Eagles on 13 January 2018 < br >	Plur
Stinson also helped form Kevin Welch 's band , the Overtones , with Mike Henderson , Glenn Worf , and Kieran Kane .	Plur
The company produces mainly cookies and puff corn snacks .	Plur
The song spawned numerous memes on social media .	Plur
He formed The Cribs in the early 2000s with brothers Ryan and Gary in Wakefield .	Plur
The " Ramb III " fired 19 salvos in its own defense and succeeded in breaking away without suffering any damage .	Plur
Bond persuades Drax 's henchman Jaws to switch allegiances by getting Drax to reveal that Jaws and his girlfriend Dolly will be exterminated as " inferiors " .	Plur
The company initiated a " Votes for Women " contest for little girls in 1914 .	Plur
Born c. mid-1880s in Hertford , North Carolina , Burke moved with her family to Washington , DC .	Plur
Skip the Goodbyes is the second album by Amfibian , led by the Phish lyricist Tom Marshall and guitarist Anthony Krizan .	Plur
Separate committees within the club oversee the Minis and Juniors and main club .	Plur
This fools even creditors in the city who give him huge loans , using which Anand leads a life of excess .	Plur
The College comprises Branches in each State and Territory of Australia , and New Zealand .	Plur
" Take Only Photographs , Leave Nothing But Footprints " ( 2009 ) ( Dir .	Plur
The larvae feed within the stem pith of seedlings , stump sprouts and new stem growth of older trees .	Plur
The rendition of Alphonse got high appreciations from fans and critics and Rahman made him participate in his much anticipated world tour .	Plur
This proves the newness and interest in an aesthetic that can only be communicated through black and white .	Plur
The general Lucius Verginius Rufus , who lived in the 1st century AD , may have obtained his cognomen for the same reason .	Plur
Although the plebeian Verginii are also mentioned at an early period , none of them had any cognomen .	Plur
This deprived Jean-Joseph Chapuis of his fame and explains why pieces of furniture by Jean-Joseph Chapuis are rarely found in public collections outside France .	Plur
Due to repeated petitions over electoral irregularities , Bozimo appointed Local Government Election Tribunals for three zones of the state , adding a fourth in August 2009 .	Plur
Instead , he fools the devils and escapes back to the lake , and Alichino tries in vain to catch him .	Plur
They usually have short haircuts ( called " sopaipilla " , because it looks like that fried pastry ) accompanied by jockey caps .	Plur
PHHS coops with nearby Western High School or Calhoun High School for some athletics ( Western for football , Calhoun for track and field ) .	Plur
Past speakers have included such notaries as Henry Kissinger , Robert Zoellick , and Walter Russell Mead .	Plur
He encountered , but did not consider himself part of the group of Lewis 's literary acquaintances , the Inklings .	Plur
However they can rarely cause bowel perforations by inducing volvulus and closed loop obstruction .	Plur
Anderson lists her pastimes as swimming , playing the piano , listening to opera , gardening and cooking Sunday roasts for her family .	Plur
He replaced Hazel Blears who had resigned from the post on 3 June 2009 .	Plur
The ravages of disease , coupled with trade pressures , invited the Pequots to tighten their hold on the river tribes .	Plur
After Cromwell died three regicides who ( with Cromwell ) had voted to execute King Charles I escaped from England and hid in New Haven .	Plur
The failure of the Hartford Convention in 1814 wounded the Federalists , who were finally upended by the Republicans in 1817 .	Plur
To prove his point and persuade Pharaoh as Pharaoh refused to do , Moses , guided by God , laid ten plagues on the Egyptians .	Plur
Men wear beards and women wear white head coverings along with general plain clothes .	Plur
After frequently changing members , Chosuke Ikariya re-formed The Drifters in 1964 under the same name .	Plur
The early trading partners would have included the Elves of Mirkwood .	Plur
With the guidance of his deputy Alfrid , he employs spies and imposes over taxation on the town .	Plur
Dwyer and Depler then renamed the Triangles the Brooklyn Dodgers , borrowing the name of Brooklyn 's then major league baseball team .	Plur
He married Dawn Gibbons in 1985 ; they have a son , born in 1987 .	Plur
In October 2006 , near the conclusion of his successful campaign for governor , a woman accused Gibbons of attempted sexual assault in a parking garage .	Plur
Ten percent of RCC will contain calcifications , and some contain macroscopic fat ( likely due to invasion and encasement of the perirenal fat ) .	Plur
A DEC may have one or more Assistant District Emergency Coordinators serving them .	Plur
Tobacco contains over 60 known carcinogens , and the combustion of it , and by-products from this process , is the primary mode of involvement .	Plur
Arthur Loves Plastic 's latest is the album " Strings " which was released in February 2013 .	Plur
In the climax Brum sellotapes live hedgehogs to the road which puncture the tyres of Le Dough 's sports car and it hurtles over a cliff .	Plur
Some chefs fry the kebabs in lamb fat over wood-fired stoves to lend an organic flavour .	Plur
They allowed addicts who could not be cured to be maintained on a , usually small , amount of a drug .	Plur
List of Odonata species recorded in Finland include all dragonflies ( Anisoptera ) and damselflies ( Zygoptera ) which have been recorded in Finland .	Plur
Having won olympics and world champions in both disciplines , he is widely regarded as one of the best players of all time .	Plur
Train takes 22 hrs to cover the 966 km between Mysore and Solapur	Plur
This train shares rakes with 16591 / 92 Hampi Express with maintenance at Hubli.It is led by WDP4 or WDP4B from either Hubli or Krishnarajapuram Loco Shed .	Plur
He currently plays Keyboards in Frank Turner 's band The Sleeping Souls and is a member of the London-based rock band ' The Pressure Room ' .	Plur
The chapel has two apses .	Plur
In 1975 Batuz published his portfolio ‘ Forms in Tension ’ .	Plur
As each opened , they added the railheads at Oban , Mallaig , Kyle of Lochalsh and Strome Ferry .	Plur
Then nV converges in distribution to a weighted sum of independent chi-squared variables :	Plur
Other members of the group include NGC 3027 , 25 arcminutes away .	Plur
" Mike didn ’ t suffer fools gladly and generally only opened his mouth to change feet .	Plur
Two colleagues of Rogers , Donald H. Shaffner and David Nichols serve as co-editors in chief of " Rogers ' Textbook " .	Plur
He considers other businessmen such as Steve Jobs , Jeff Bezos , and Chuck Feeney as his idols .	Plur
I repeatedly counted those sleepers back and forth , then hurrying to the division headquarters for the next meeting ... then returning to the regiment .	Plur
He then studied Humanities , Greek and Logic at Edinburgh University .	Plur
He also attended to the animals in the farm herding sheep , raising lambs , and sheering wool .	Plur
In 2005 she along with Brian E. Haggard and Daniel E. Storm had studied Ozarks in Arkansas .	Plur
He bought two cartons that morning .	Plur
Her responsibilities included recruiting dietitians for Red Cross service at home and abroad , and as instructors in " home dietetics " .	Plur
He served most of his civil service career in Federated Malay States and Straits Settlements .	Plur
But he practiced Passionist austerities which continued after his appointment as a bishop that saw him favor his religious habit rather than the usual episcopal garb .	Plur
He passed his artistic proclivities to his eldest son , Reuben , who from an early age drew everything in sight .	Plur
Afterburners and oxidizers destroy the organic constituents .	Plur
On January 30 , 1925 , the Central Executive Committee passed the new Fundamentals of Copyright Law .	Plur
Other than insects , it has been observed eating millipedes , centipedes , snails , earthworms , and occasionally small frogs and lizards .	Plur
Conversely , migrant Liberian hunters sometimes catch the nestlings for food .	Plur
Hanafi scholars such as those at Al-Azhar University in Cairo , Egypt , reject full-body swimsuits as allowable wear in mixed company .	Plur
In August 2016 , the mayor of Cannes banned the swimsuits , citing a possible link to Islamic extremism .	Plur
Most automation systems integrators still have the ability to provide support for the platform .	Plur
Additionally , it often found near inselbergs and a source of water , either a river or a forest pool .	Plur
In the two days prior to hatching , the adult rockfowl prods at the eggs , sometimes with food in its beak .	Plur
Pitts married Mrs. Eula Pitts and had a daughter , Stacie , and a son , Mark , while employed with the Boeing Company .	Plur
As a Captain , he then served as commander of C Company " Wolfhounds " , 2d Battalion , 27th Infantry Regiment .	Plur
We ate good steaks , chasing them down with nothing stronger than ginger ale .	Plur
KBRG Broadcasts in HD and has the following stations :	Plur
I have no hidden agendas .	Plur
The Red Cross Society of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea provided tarps , water purification tablets , and other emergency supplies to affected residents .	Plur
In 1999 the charity purchased a former rundown boarding kennels in and regenerated the site .	Plur
The pianist covered " Strings of Life " , founding track of Detroit techno music , produced by Derrick May .	Plur
In 1993 he was appointed Innovations Editor and Technology Correspondent in quick succession .	Plur
Women could also not buy contraceptives .	Plur
He began manufacturing cream separators in 1883 , which became his most profitable product .	Plur
It comprises two recumbent stone effigies , of Richard Bampfield and his wife , under a low canopy supported by arched openings and columns .	Plur
Birds include kingfishers , and butterflies the speckled wood .	Plur
Despite its relatively late modernization compared to older established cities like Jakarta and Makassar , Medan contains abundant colonial architecture heritages .	Plur
Tasarov added two silvers in the 100m butterfly and 400m freestyle and a bronze in the 100m backstroke .	Plur
The creek also lacks any macroinvertebrates and is incapable of supporting aquatic life due to its acidity .	Plur
Virophysics has large overlaps with other fields .	Plur
In 1817 , Commanding a 6-gun privateer schooner against Spanish vessels , he captured several slavers .	Plur
Thayer describes the squats as a form of housing activism related to issues including rent control .	Plur
Lallemant , who was nicknamed " cheval " ( " horse " in French ) , flew Hawker Typhoons in No .	Plur
Their feud intensifies when Kent replaces radio personality Mel Winter on the air , reporting on Hollywood scandals and repeatedly singling out Rex .	Plur
After a riot at the school , Gerelds consents to allowing traveling sports chaplain Hank Erwin to speak to the team as a " motivational speaker " .	Plur
According to Variety and Quill and Quire , Disney is adapting " The Explorers " with Academy Award Nominee Michael De Luca attached as producer .	Plur
When they were offering sex they touched the undercover officers genitals .	Plur
The grant encompassed present day Lake Mathews .	Plur
He translated Rescher 's " Process Metaphysics " into French in 2006 .	Plur
This configuration pre-dated LANs of the period for the IBM PC and compatibles .	Plur
Job Search Workshops and Life skills Programs such as the Job Search and Human Relations or FNHRDCQ / EPOC Training Initiative .	Plur
Adults of the grease moth ( " A. cuprina " ) sometimes eat fats such as suet .	Plur
Those taking part in the procession ( most of whom would have been noblemen ) wore full-length black mourning cloaks and hoods , as did their attendants .	Plur
The NGO employees 35 Cambodians in Phnom Penh , and several French people in its French headquarters located in Versailles .	Plur
Saskia Hölbling has also created choreographies for existing contemporary music .	Plur
Stacey Anderson of " Spin " criticized the songs ' " witticisms " and noted " brutish synths and hammy bleats " .	Plur
Significant models include the Pipes , intelligent driver model and Gipps ' model .	Plur
She had served Western Ferries well - but no longer had a viable role in the fleet due to her age and small capacity .	Plur
Following the Emancipation Proclamation , the regiment suffered 700 desertions .	Plur
In all of the pictures , the subjects are wearing iPods .	Plur
The album received critical acclaim and two songs were released as singles , " Shores of Heaven " and " Da Vinci 's Eyes " .	Plur
The differential includes leukemia , lymphoma , high-grade carcinoma , carcinosarcoma , and differentiated pure sarcomas .	Plur
With some women , he threatened black magic curses if they did not submit to sex with him .	Plur
Some of these prepared choruses included boy sopranos that he trained at the Church of the Advent , where he also played the organ during services .	Plur
Wayles married Martha Eppes ( b. at Bermuda Hundred on 10 April 1721 ) on 3 May 1746 .	Plur
The two reviewed previous Hovis advertising for ideas , paying particular attention to the 1973 television advertisement " Boy On Bike " .	Plur
Thus , although some traditional grammars consider subject clitics as " redundant " or " pleonastic " elements , Venetian subject clitics are neither redundant nor pleonastic .	Plur
Sam Holgate , the incumbent in the Rosegrove with Lowerhouse ward joined the Lib Dems in September 2006 , being previously elected as an Independent .	Plur
In 1926 , Berrett married Eleanore Louise Callister in the Salt Lake Temple .	Plur
He married Juliet Cummins Lea ( 1885 – 1940 ) .	Plur
Clinesmith has / had hobbies in other sports , such as mountain biking and waterboarding .	Plur
In other words : Clear Convictions = Believe in God in a time of God Free .	Plur
In that year he married Florence May Mullins , with whom he had two daughters .	Plur
Coffey married Caroline Byles , from a Pennsylvania family , with whom he had six children , of whom three daughters and one son lived .	Plur
That reached the mid-80s on the holiday charts in both Canada and the United States .	Plur
In the event , Horne led Higgins 3 – 1 and 4 – 3 , but lost the match 6 – 10 .	Plur
It then became the 187th Weapons and Equipment Storage and Repair Base in 2009 .	Plur
Additionally , " B. projectellus " has the largest spores in the Boletaceae , up to about 30 µm in diameter .	Plur
Orbatid mites such as " Carabodes femoralis " , " Nothrus silvestris " and " Oribatula tibialis " eat them , as do squirrels .	Plur
This gave rise to his nickname " Chips " after the schoolmaster Mr Chips .	Plur
They often infest the drains of the bathrooms and for this reason in the United States they are also known as bath flies .	Plur
In particular , they compared his figurative stylings to Honoré Daumier , whom Degas admired to the point of owning several of his works .	Plur
In 1872 , their cousin James Lillywhite junior started his " Cricketers ' Annual " ( known as " Red Lilly " ) .	Plur
Furthermore , Ashley-Cooper includes the Oxford University v Gentlemen of England match at Oxford in May 1866 which he had previously omitted .	Plur
The new soviet government did not allow legionaries to return home by the shortest way and Viest with others had to fight his way home cross Siberia .	Plur
Hair dye strippers contain chemical irritants .	Plur
These spots resemble small cushions of white powder .	Plur
Acts who won the award include Olly Murs , Rihanna , Selena Gomez , McFly and JLS .	Plur
In 1890 alongside other realists ( including Masaryk ) he joined the Young Czechs .	Plur
( see also Gibbs , 1979 ; Dugdale , 1988 ) .	Plur
Lastly , segment 5 encodes an enzyme protein NTPase .	Plur
Loose racemes of insignificant green to cream flowers up to 1 meter tall bloom June to August .	Plur
The second , substantive meaning presupposes neither rational decision-making nor conditions of scarcity .	Plur
The music video includes Park Jin-young and the Korean-American comedian Bobby Lee .	Plur
He gives regular master-classes at the Dartington International Summer School , and is a Visiting Professor at the Zeneakadémia in Budapest .	Plur
The bank paid out its depositors in full and after recapitalization was returned to its previous owners .	Plur
In summer 1974 , Eleni finally finds Spyros in the suburbs of New York .	Plur
The accessory housing supports two magnetos , a starter , a generator , and a dual tach drive .	Plur
He joined an Austrian Freikorps raised by his brother Wilhelm and participated in several successful ambushes and raids in 1760-1762 .	Plur
The last group of missionaries became the abbots of the monastery founded by Augustine at Canterbury , later known as St Augustine 's Abbey after Augustine .	Plur
In June it bears many flowered , compound corymbs of white , 5 – 6 mm flowers .	Plur
He also provides caricatures of local political figures for local newspapers .	Plur
The station also conducts many law enforcement boardings to make sure the operator of the boat follows safety guidelines .	Plur
Grey wolves follow the ungulates .	Plur
TNA originally held weekly pay-per-views from 2002 – 2004 .	Plur
In the summer of 1968 , Garmire joined the organization Experiments in Art and Technology .	Plur
In their opening game of the 1920 season , the Tigers played the Dayton Triangles .	Plur
A popular fusion dish is " " or " patatje pinda " , French fries with satay sauce as condiment , served at snack bars .	Plur
However , the Celts did not possess their first bronze cauldrons , copied from Greek models , until the 7th century AD .	Plur
With new bassist Brandon Schwartzel , Rooney toured again nationally in Summer 2010 with bands The Young Veins and Black Gold supporting .	Plur
The major gods are channeled through various sages and oracles , the oracles carrying names in likeness of their gods .	Plur
In a related application , so-called " leaky waveguides " are also used in the determination of railcar positions in certain rapid transit applications .	Plur
Specifically , the questionnaires assessed Repair Attempts , Accepting Influence , Harsh Start-Up , Flooding , Gridlock , and the Four Horsemen .	Plur
It currently has more than 700 postgraduates .	Plur
Since 1943 , more than 8,000 students have been conferred BS degree , 900 students have been conferred MS and PhD degree .	Plur
The diary includes autobiographical snippets about Murasaki 's life before she entered imperial service , such as a childhood anecdote about how she learned Chinese :	Plur
It has 5159 postgraduates and 18591 undergraduates .	Plur
The majority of domestic students took liberal arts only curriculums in high school .	Plur
Many of these Americans supported the filibusters who attempted to run military supplies to the insurrectionists on the island .	Plur
The 1900 presidential election caused internal squabbles in the League .	Plur
In this respect Habermas sees those theorists whose projects represented a blend of philosophy and scientific methods as important exemplars .	Plur
Tirés de sa correspondance avec ses amis "	Plur
" War is war , " he told other Iroquois .	Plur
A Disney press kit revealed that the film " intentionally veers from scientific fact in certain aspects " .	Plur
Despite the name , catgut manufacturers do not use cat intestines .	Plur
Representing the purest ideal of Aryan beauty , the actress portrayed mostly noble patricians .	Plur
This chemotaxis system encodes for at least 15 proteins .	Plur
On December 2 , 1896 , Wyatt refereed the Fitzsimmons vs. Sharkey boxing match .	Plur
He then managed the Midland RockHounds of the Class AA Texas League in 2009 and 2010 , leading them to the 2009 Texas League championship .	Plur
Kudu serves burgers and sandwiches , which are popular with Saudis , but its specialty is sandwiches .	Plur
Within this sample , loanwords from the Finnic and Scandinavian languages already constitute major subsets , numbering slightly over 150 and 100 , respectively .	Plur
The table below shows the main correspondences :	Plur
Pleyte married Lina Eliza Alice Chavannes ; they had six children .	Plur
Nowadays paragliders and hang gliders start from Altes Lager .	Plur
Jordan broke onto the international swimming scene when she won bronze in the 50 , 100 , and 400 metre freestyles at 2006 World Championships .	Plur
The PAGASA issued Storm Signals as the storm approached .	Plur
In an attempt to promote historical source-work research , Stewart founded the translation series " Texts from Golden Age Denmark " in 2005 .	Plur
Large hatches above the cargo holds allowed steam winches and booms rigged to three centerline masts to quickly load or unload cargo .	Plur
The community was originally named Spring Flats and in 1920 , was renamed to Cliffdell in honor of Cliff and Della Schott of Seattle .	Plur
He married Louise Mapes Bunnell ( 1872 – 1907 ) in 1893 .	Plur
Fa products include skin care lotions , creams and gels , as well as shower gels , bubble baths , soaps and deodorants .	Plur
For downloadable sound files illustrating the tone of a Graf , see External Links below .	Plur
Examples include Shas ( ) , Tanakh ( ) and Shabak ( ) .	Plur
Chávez and Maduro would instead recognize the " Protectors " and provide funds to establish a parallel government to opposition governors who were elected .	Plur
In its early history , the KGB valued illegal spies more than legal spies , because illegal spies infiltrated their targets with greater ease .	Plur
The KGB classified its spies as " agents " ( intelligence providers ) and " controllers " ( intelligence relayers ) .	Plur
Unfortunately , this large and extensive mining practice washed away entire mountainsides and heavily polluted all the waterways , including the American River .	Plur
His descendants ruled the Latins for another five hundred years .	Plur
Then the remaining Roman , Publius Horatius , slew the three Albans , and thus won victory for Rome .	Plur
The protagonist of the song follows the eponymous headmen across the sea to a hidden cave where they have stored up a large treasure .	Plur
Victims who speak out against sexual harassment are often labeled troublemakers who are on their own " power trips " , or who are looking for attention .	Plur
By 1991 an estimated 100 million Americans in 200 media markets had seen his infomercials .	Plur
Buskers may have their earnings , instruments or props stolen .	Plur
People also have sensations of being dragged out of bed or of flying , numbness , and feelings of electric tingles or vibrations running through their body .	Plur
This allowed the GT cobras to run with prototype Ford GT , GM Grand Sport Corvettes and Lola Mk.6 .	Plur
The most famous and numerous of these were the official works Shelby Daytona Cobra Coupes .	Plur
on CNN , whereas in the theatrical cut , he asks T.S .	Plur
Shortly before the Academy Awards , Fosse won two Tonys for directing and choreographing " Pippin " , his biggest stage hit to date .	Plur
Giorgio Agamben ( 2002 ) describes paradigms as things what we think with , rather than things we think about .	Plur
The measure also provides several safeguards to ensure the integrity of voter registration and toughens criminal penalties for those who commit fraud .	Plur
At the beginning of the 19th century the commune still had twenty windmills but only four have survived .	Plur
Descending to the south , on the margins of the estuary of the Seudre , a little accentuated tray serves buttress these wetland areas .	Plur
This early Victorian style heavily influenced American cabinetmakers such as Joseph Meeks .	Plur
It soon replaced the Hampdens with Lockheed Hudsons and Lockheed Venturas .	Plur
MHS does not impose any prerequisites upon students , thus allowing any student wishing to challenge themselves the opportunity to do so .	Plur
Alex never realises during their relationship that his ' tell ' when lying is to put his hands in his pockets and look down .	Plur
In the interim , Linden becomes deeply involved with a pair of Korean asylum seekers , the Tans , one of whom is pregnant with conjoined twins .	Plur
In 2005 the Algerian government began allowing ISPs to use Voice-over Internet protocol for international calls .	Plur
For example , he can electrify water puddles or create and place explosive mines on one of " Jigsaw 's Worktables " .	Plur
Tapp confronts and kills Pighead ; Jigsaw rhetorically asks him if he 's a murderer , in order to get a key to proceed .	Plur
Once again , Bret starts to feel diabetes symptoms , and tells Jes that she will have to inject him if he goes into diabetic shock .	Plur
LIRR timetables from 1869 indicate it was at or near Brentwood Road , 1.5 miles east of the Bay Shore station .	Plur
The project will include large earth and stone embankments and deep ditches to deter illegal crossings and drug smuggling into Iran .	Plur
In the violent city of Specularum , the Veiled Society has spies everywhere .	Plur
From 11 February to 16 July 1858 , she reported 18 apparitions of " a Lady " .	Plur
Dr. Pierre Romaine Dozous , the town physician , originally watched the apparitions from a skeptical viewpoint .	Plur
Yahya next faced Chad Mendes on August 6 , 2011 at UFC 133 .	Plur
As believed in Herzegovina , zduhaći uprooted gigantic firs and oaks and fought with them .	Plur
10 miles north of Lufkin , US 59 bypasses Nacogdoches and heads in an almost entirely east-west direction .	Plur
The former Blackpool great was coaching the Cleveland Cobras and convinced Dyson to play for the second half of the season with remarkable results .	Plur
Later , they ruled as an important feudatory of larger empires , the imperial Chalukyas of Badami and the Rashtrakutas of Manyakheta .	Plur
Celebrity festival visitors have included Wim Wenders , Julie Walters , John Boorman , and Eduardo Noriega .	Plur
Outside of football , he lists his hobbies as watching films and Formula One .	Plur
Sheela married Swiss citizen Urs Birnstiel , a fellow Rajneesh follower .	Plur
Fine bubble diffusers have largely replaced coarse bubble diffusers and mechanical aerators in most of the developed world and in much of the developing world .	Plur
Und werd ' ich dich als Sieger sehen ,	Plur
The DiGiorno product line originally offered pastas and sauces in 1991 , and pizzas have been available internationally in the Canada & the U.S. since 1995 .	Plur
Curley supported Douglas Fairbanks and Tully Marshall in " Bound in Morocco " ( 1918 ) .	Plur
At 18 June 2013 , he joined Bulgarian champion Ludogorets Razgrad .	Plur
The shield shows the fleur-de-lis , for its French Canadian population , with the Detroit River along the bottom .	Plur
IEC 60320 AC inlet connectors typically used can handle either 120 or 250 volts .	Plur
University of Magallanes publishes the humanities and social sciences journal " Magallania " twice a year .	Plur
They typically feature double staterooms , dual heads and shower cabins .	Plur
He wrote The Daltons / Little Crackers starring Sheridan Smith about Sheridan 's childhood for Sky Tv .	Plur
For the class , Yoshimura grouped the various stylings of bonsai trees into five primary categories .	Plur
Fine instrumental work abounds , however , notably by the leader himself on drums and the Garbarek-laden tones of tenor saxophonist Jouni Kannisto .	Plur
She has won the 2004 U19 Euro , three Leagues and four national Cups .	Plur
Six months later , he wandered into Stockholm and started an apprenticeship at the House of Thomason , crown jewelers for the Swedish Royal Family .	Plur
Starting in 1899 , Norlander wrote and produced over sixty revues as well as many popular comedies .	Plur
Clark marketed Los Altos as the “ Crown of the Peninsula . ”	Plur
From 2008-09 , he represented the Easterns in Twenty20 cricket before the Zimbabwean domestic circuit was revamped .	Plur
He also designed many town jails and court houses .	Plur
It also uses Causative prefixes that are composed by p- or – r- .	Plur
Hosts include wild and domestic ungulates , man , dog , rabbit , and other small mammals including the dormouse , Amur hedgehog , and occasionally birds .	Plur
In this match , he ended the Minor Counties first-innings unbeaten on 84 .	Plur
Performing bands included The Byrds , T. Rex , Santana , Jefferson Airplane , and the headlining Pink Floyd .	Plur
Most name changes have been correcting misspellings in the former homelands of Transkei and Ciskei ( see below ) .	Plur
Its programs include Materials for the Arts , a large facility in Long Island City that distributes free reused supplies to arts organizations .	Plur
For the greatest production of coloring matter , the plant should be cut before the fruits show much development , otherwise the pigment diminishes .	Plur
After escaping , he finally reaches Polis .	Plur
On 4 April 2014 Frampton faced the Mexican Hugo Cazares at the Odyssey Arena in a final eliminator for Leo Santa Cruz 's WBC super-bantamweight World Championship .	Plur
The other main vendor tools only use their integrations with other tools to implement the defined processes .	Plur
For the group round performance , Dressel was a member of the group called the Suffragettes .	Plur
This drives the " wallower " ( 27 cogs ) at the top of the " upright shaft " .	Plur
Wardle signalled the " Andes " of developments and Young replied with " This is the suspicious ship " .	Plur
In March , members of the choir rejoined The Skids for two sold-out shows in Glasgow and Dunfermline .	Plur
Erasmus , however , disparaged Papias and similar writers for the lack of intellectual rigor in their pedagogy .	Plur
Low pressure in the brain caused the POTS , not the other way around .	Plur
The customers always ended up returning Magilla , forcing Peebles to refund their money .	Plur
also has had various Patrons over the years .	Plur
In 2015 , Vantyler played the intelligence officer and Foreign Office official Guy Burgess , in the television series The Secret Files .	Plur
He can also lick red-hot iron shovels .	Plur
If PWS is genetic then most patients show multiple capillary malformations .	Plur
Patients who do not have multiple capillary malformations most likely did not inherit PWS and do not have RASA1 mutations .	Plur
According to Boston 's Children Hospital , no known food , medications or drugs can cause PWS during pregnancy .	Plur
Laser therapy can also help lighten capillary malformations and can speed up the healing process of the bleeding lesions .	Plur
Campbeltown still has 3 operating distilleries : Glen Scotia , Springbank , and Glengyle .	Plur
Glen Scotia Distillery also regularly produces ' special ' bottlings to celebrate local events , such as the centenary anniversary of the local Campbeltown Picture House .	Plur
In 1973 the company was formerly established as Odfjell Drilling & Consulting Company AS .	Plur
The company operates two semi-submersible rigs on behalf of Odfjell Drilling , with delivery in October 2008 and June 2010 .	Plur
Limitations of tissue adhesives include contraindications to use near the eyes and a mild learning curve on correct usage .	Plur
The most common trees include cedars , holm oaks , eucalyptus , ash , strawberry trees , pines , oaks and weeping willows .	Plur
Realizing the power of the realm , Cartman creates duplicates of himself and Kyle , in which imaginary Kyle sucks imaginary Cartman 's testicles ( off-screen ) .	Plur
Eight states had divided legislatures : Alaska , Indiana , Kentucky , Michigan , Montana , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and Virginia .	Plur
However , he sent his spies out into the community and he learned that a subversive plan was real and growing stronger as the 28th approached .	Plur
Warne had befriended secessionists in Maryland and collected many details about the plot to assassinate Lincoln .	Plur
His books include the " Explorers Wanted ! "	Plur
featuring renowned French singer Anaïs .	Plur
This symbolises the discarded rags and body shrouds that monks used for their robes during the time of the Buddha .	Plur
By 1904 , the various Audubon organizations had 34 wardens employed in ten states .	Plur
On July 8 , 1905 , Bradley heard gunshots close to his waterfront home in Flamingo .	Plur
Other names in common use include MTD , and NAD-dependent mannitol dehydrogenase .	Plur
The pentose phosphate pathway protects the trypanosomes from oxidative stress via the generation of NADPH and provides carbohydrate intermediates used in nucleotide synthesis .	Plur
He initiated the first-ever ecumenical Vespers at the bishop-level in Florida on January 22 , 2014 , at the Cathedral Basilica of St. Augustine .	Plur
The next day , June 5 , Hooker canceled all leave and army furloughs and instructed that all troops be prepared to march if necessary .	Plur
Gordon 's artillery fire caused the well fortified militiamen to retreat and burn the bridge .	Plur
On July 16 the cavalry brigades of Fitzhugh Lee and Chambliss held the fords on the Potomac at Shepherdstown to prevent crossing by the Federal infantry .	Plur
The cavalry division under David Gregg approached the fords and the Confederates attacked them , but the Union cavalrymen held their position until dark before withdrawing .	Plur
This has encouraged many beginners to take up the sport on the island .	Plur
His father flew B-17s and B-29s during World War II , and flew Air Force cargo aircraft during the 1948-49 Berlin airlift .	Plur
He toured the country 's discothèques at that time and found cult interest in his old hits among a new , younger audience .	Plur
During the withdrawal from Gettysburg , Lee 's brigade held the fords at Shepherdstown to prevent the Union army from following across the Potomac River .	Plur
Over in the Pacific Coast Hockey Association , once again , the Vancouver Millionaires faced the Seattle Metropolitans for their league championship .	Plur
He takes out his bitterness and disappointment on his juniors .	Plur
Because of the necessity of silence , Hornblower strikes Hales with the tiller of his boat .	Plur
He has also used other superheroes , including the Fantastic Four ( who gained their super powers from exposure to cosmic rays ) .	Plur
He worsted the Covenanters again after a stiff fight on 2 July 1645 , at Alford , a village in the beautiful Howe of Alford .	Plur
Typefaces used include Univers 39 , Univers 49 , and Bee .	Plur
Fossils frequently show boreholes of insect larvae , possibly beetles similar to members of the modern family Ptinidae .	Plur
The " Black Mirror " interactive film " " , released in 2018 , alludes to Imagine Software and the failed work to produce " Bandersnatch " .	Plur
In 1985 , Marshall Fritz founded the Advocates for Self Government .	Plur
The membership includes 24 food co-ops , four housing co-ops , one bike co-op and one swap / re-use co-op .	Plur
The conferences also facilitate General Meetings in which policy proposals can be submitted by member cooperatives for Students for Cooperation to adopt .	Plur
Promoted were , Pietà Hotspurs and Zebbug Rangers finishing 1st and 2nd , respectively , in the First Division the previous season .	Plur
In summer 2015 he also released single ' The Bits ' which was also released under PMR .	Plur
The helmet in the Piraeus Athena has griffins on each side of the crest , and two owls on the visor .	Plur
His close childhood friend , Sol , has leukemia .	Plur
He wrote the contentious Derivatives in Pulicc Debt Management in 2001 .	Plur
The total number of association members is reaching 400 pharmacists out of Mauritius ' population of nearly 1,300,000 inhabitants .	Plur
Greg 's parents put their wallets and cell phones in a locker .	Plur
The park has designated bridleways and cycle paths .	Plur
Richmond Park supports a large population of what are believed to be ring-necked ( or rose-ringed ) parakeets .	Plur
With a membership of about 20 volunteer firefighters , the Bland Fire Protection District operates firehouses in Bland and neighboring Redbird .	Plur
Braathens bought strategic ownerships in both Saga Tours and Sweden 's Atlas Resor to secure their part of the charter market .	Plur
The Lucayans may have grown papayas , pineapples , guava , mammee apple , guinep and tamarind fruit .	Plur
In 1879 , the Gaensslen Brothers tannery " included 250 liquor vats and shipped 20,000 sides of sole leather to Cleveland each year . "	Plur
Additionally , the Agle & Sons tannery was expanded , containing 40 liquor vats and annually finishing 700 sides of leather by 1879 .	Plur
Tours include period reenactments of those buried in the cemetery , and detailed stories of their lives .	Plur
This tri-route combination continues northeastward to Business 17 and Truck Business 17 's northern termini at the intersection with North Road Street .	Plur
On October 9 , 2007 , Harold Weinbrecht defeated incumbent Mayor Ernie McAlister in the 2007 mayoral election .	Plur
( Roxboro , Fayetteville and Hillsborough Roads remain major thoroughfares in Durham , although they no longer exactly follow their early 19th century rights-of-way . )	Plur
Summer daytime highs often reach the upper 80s to low 90s ° F ( 29 to 35 ° C ) .	Plur
Ukrainian politicians do not recognise Rusyns as a separate ethnicity , regardless of Rusyn self-identification .	Plur
Summer daytime highs often reach the upper 80s to low 90s ° F ( 29 to 35 ° C ) .	Plur
In the summer of 1627 both Tilly and Albrecht von Wallenstein occupied the duchies and the whole peninsula of Jutland .	Plur
A crossover to the west of the station allows reversals from both Rashidiya and Jumeirah Lakes Towers .	Plur
Arfken married Carolyn Dines , a graduate of Westminster College of Pennsylvania , in 1949 , and they raised three children together .	Plur
He was also appointed French Foreign Trade Advisors ( CCEF ) in 2009 .	Plur
They also feed on pelagic polychaetes and crustacean occasionally .	Plur
Approximately 2.90 miles of the Irwin-Stewart Creek corridors have developed greenways .	Plur
He staged some twenty fairy extravaganzas in London between 1836 and 1854 .	Plur
Historian Donald Creighton attributed the Rebellions of 1837 to this tension .	Plur
Du and Huo defeated the mutineers and captured and executed Liu .	Plur
The new parish covered the Barangays of Tarcan , Santa Barbara , and even Taal and Santo Cristo in Pulilan , Bulacan .	Plur
The beginning of the episode highlighted Castuera 's storyboarding idiosyncrasies , with Tom Herpich specifically highlighting Castuera 's use of three arms for Jake .	Plur
Plants of the genus " Macleaya " are commonly called plume poppies .	Plur
“ They ’ ll slaughter Coker , Gerald old bean ” " murmurs Walker . "	Plur
Mauleverer now intervenes , and asks Loder : what was the big idea ?	Plur
Loder then informs Wharton that the Remove has leave to go to Rookwood School and play the match .	Plur
The text of the chorale references the Ten Commandments .	Plur
( 2016 ) ‘ Understanding Digital Cultures ’ , " Information , Communication & Society " , 19 : 1 , DOI : 10.1080 / 1369118X.2015.1094114	Plur
In 1999 , the team was renamed the Sockers and he took them to two more titles before the team folded following the 2000 season .	Plur
Qutubuddin pushed his thighs slightly and the horse started gasping but kept on behaving badly .	Plur
In some stores they also sell wraps , parfaits , fruit salads , soup and other light options .	Plur
Heavy combustion products fell into basement mounted hoppers with water troughs under each furnace that engaged with the bottom furnace header casing skirt .	Plur
The smaller " Balfour " usually provides the additional summer sailings , and carries up to 28 vehicles and 150 passengers .	Plur
In the east , it connects to the Baltic Sea via the Skagerrak and Kattegat , narrow straits that separate Denmark from Norway and Sweden respectively .	Plur
Mitchell has long hair and wears neckties showing American patriotism during game competitions .	Plur
Medical treatments include baclofen , diazepam and dantrolene which is a muscle-relaxant .	Plur
Pharmacological treatment include anti-depressants and caffeine .	Plur
In February 2009 , The Weather Channel laid off four on-camera meteorologists .	Plur
When the power units are exhausted Marine Boy has spares in his belt .	Plur
Murray married Amanda Coutts on 7 October 2006 in Eureka , New South Wales .	Plur
Established in 1988 , CRAF represents all the major radio astronomical observatories in Europe .	Plur
In November 1246 the king gave Fulk another 6 bucks and 10 does for the same purpose .	Plur
Although there is an ongoing debate as to the exact nature of Lloyd-Jones 's views , they undoubtedly caused the two groupings to adopt diametrically opposed positions .	Plur
Smith had taken Mewes in to live with him and his wife , Jennifer Schwalbach Smith , but evicted him after catching him using drugs again .	Plur
Though it is quite infrequent , some centers report PGD for mitochondrial disorders or two indications simultaneously .	Plur
This can be based on a linked marker and disease genotypes from a single cell or on marker / disease genotypes of two cells .	Plur
This episode is rated TV-14 LS .	Plur
The Lake District National Park Authority employs two " Fell top assessors " during the winter months , usually between December and March .	Plur
They had mists both above and below them , but the sun shone through and their views extended from the Scottish mountains to the sea at Cartmel .	Plur
In 2000 Bachmann Branchline bought Graham Farish , an N gauge manufacturer , and since then many of their models have been made available in both gauges .	Plur
However , both fielded rival slates for the remaining 16 executive posts .	Plur
During June and July , she gave some 60 midshipmen from Annapolis at-sea training , and visited ports along the Atlantic coast and in the Caribbean .	Plur
On 6 June 1976 , she rescued 22 crewmembers off the research vessel " Aquasition " , which caught fire at sea and eventually sank .	Plur
In 1939 , she married the cabaret singer Jacques Pills of the very popular duo Pills et Tabet .	Plur
A hepteract has 128 vertices .	Plur
She embarked midshipmen at Annapolis on the 21st , then sailed for the Canal Zone and the Caribbean on an annual summer training cruise .	Plur
" Oregon City " debarked her midshipmen at Norfolk in mid-August and sailed for Philadelphia and deactivation .	Plur
Hennig departed Crystal Dynamics to act as the creative director for Naughty Dog .	Plur
He performed " Demonstrations of Painting with music " from 1961-66 .	Plur
In the next scene , Forbes pretends to unintentionally give the feather to Dr. John Lambert by dropping it on the ground .	Plur
Upon hearing this Forbes resolves to plant a feather on Thorpe in order to have him killed .	Plur
The World has over 800 terrestrial ecoregions .	Plur
And understands all my joys and pains	Plur
From 1976 through 1981 , Anhinga Press published eight chapbooks by regional Florida poets .	Plur
Bush had two prior cautions for possession of cannabis and assault .	Plur
In 2017 the library had over 40,000 cardholders , and the population of Sutter County as of 2010 was 94,737 .	Plur
Inside the mountains are vast caverns which extend for miles and miles .	Plur
Along with that , he also does several pujas to clear up the mess .	Plur
During that time , " Stringham " took two " kamikazes " under fire , one on 3 April and one on 6 April .	Plur
His grandfather , Honoré Mercier and his uncle , Lomer Gouin , were both former Premiers of Quebec .	Plur
In the back of the " Perspective " CD case , Becker states " I have Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis .	Plur
On January 4 , 2007 , Harper added five Secretaries of State to his ministry thus reviving the practice of appointing junior ministers outside of the Cabinet .	Plur
Subsequent reorganizations changed the groupings , but all the above organizations ( though renamed ) except the 38th EIW remained under Hanscom 's reporting chain .	Plur
This giant chocolate lollipop represented 145,000 regular-size lollipops .	Plur
He founded the industrial company Bouygues in 1952 and ran it until 1989 , when his son Martin Bouygues succeeded him .	Plur
For a solid-fuel rocket , they needed binders , and turned to General Rubber for assistance .	Plur
Turner plays saxophones , flute , sings , and is a composer .	Plur
They also confirmed that " there be three parliaments a year ... to treat of the common wants of the kingdom , and of the king . "	Plur
Picking has produced several mini-albums , most of which feature extended versions of songs featured in his Flash animations .	Plur
At some point she also captured the luggers " Joseph " and " Edward " .	Plur
Woodbridge and Alcott filled the Annals with a wide range of articles on educational topics , reflected on developments in Europe , and pressed for educational reform .	Plur
History consistently has shown the basic rightness of that decision .	Plur
Just as with a physical version , users can organize ebooks in a bookshelf either using the default categories or renaming them .	Plur
Users can publish their ebooks on their user profile , share them on various social networks , and comment on books created .	Plur
In his brief visit to the coast , he obtained 560 pelts , which fetched a profit of $ 20,000 in Canton .	Plur
Fort Ross employed native Alaskans to hunt seals and sea otters on the California coast .	Plur
Starting in 1792 the NWC had beaver furs shipped to China by American firms .	Plur
Fur bearing animals were devastated , especially sea otters .	Plur
rescue dog handlers ) enjoys a reputation as a quick ( standard deployment time is 10 hours ) and efficient SAR unit .	Plur
The yard commonly had boxcars , empty and loaded waiting for pick-up .	Plur
It makes up two fifths of the acetabulum .	Plur
Omaha defeated the Colonials , 27 – 26 .	Plur
Unlike other military correspondents , he did not join the Military Reporters Section and tended to rely on low-ranking enlisted personal , rather than high-ranking officers .	Plur
The report reproduced two IDF memos classified as top secret , indicating that the IDF had ignored the Supreme Court ruling .	Plur
During February 1864 , Connecticut veterans of the war were given furloughs .	Plur
Aristotle moves the Forms of Plato to the nucleus of the individual thing , which is called " ousia " or substance .	Plur
Using biological engineering researchers have created many microbial biosensors .	Plur
Biological engineering researchers have created oncological biosensors for breast cancer .	Plur
After all present had shared their views , Kimball led the gathered apostles in a prayer circle to seek final divine approval for the change .	Plur
After the outbreak of war with Japan in 1937 , Alley set up the Chinese Industrial Cooperatives .	Plur
Rare earths and base metals also occur in commercial quantities in several locations .	Plur
After 1202 , after the death of Chernigov Prince Igor Svyatoslavich Yelets arose , Lipetsk and Vorgolskoe fiefdoms .	Plur
Some have accused FARMS of engaging in mean-spirited polemics .	Plur
In Indiana and Illinois pro-war governors circumvented anti-war legislatures elected in 1862 .	Plur
The Record and Pension Office in 1901 counted 211,000 Northerners who were captured .	Plur
Each ISPW card had two Intel i860 microprocessors ( running at 80 MFLOPS ) .	Plur
Boiling reduces the bitterness and the content of tannins and toxins .	Plur
Both parts of the word have concords :	Plur
His people , called the Nephites , were near to being destroyed by the Lamanites who had had many previous wars with the Nephites .	Plur
The Lamanites then attacked the Nephites , who were led by twenty-three men each with ten thousand men under their command .	Plur
This gave the Plebeian Tribunes , who presided over the Plebeian Council , a positive character for the first time .	Plur
On 20 June 2005 , Viacom bought Neopets , Inc. for US $ 160 million .	Plur
The term was first used by the fisheries scientist Daniel Pauly in his paper " Anecdotes and the shifting baseline syndrome of fisheries " .	Plur
Theremin made several other customizations including improvements to tonal quality and its responsiveness to hand movements .	Plur
Places nearby include Eccles , Legerwood , Gordon , Westruther , Polwarth , Fogo , Leitholm and Duns .	Plur
They witnessed the CPDRC Dancing Inmates performing the theme of the Congress and interacted with the inmates after the performance .	Plur
The Free Church of Scotland has the following presbyteries and congregations :	Plur
The global state of < iostream > uses static constructors which causes overhead .	Plur
He played Bonnaroo , Austin City Limits Music Festival and Newport Folk Festival ( 2012 ) .	Plur
They also produced shoelaces and gel insoles .	Plur
Reformed orthodox theologians also continued to insist on Christ 's real presence in the Supper , while denying against Lutherans that his body is locally present .	Plur
Other rural water supply sources include boreholes , small piped distribution systems and rainwater harvesting systems .	Plur
Some Cerbats can perform intermediate ambling gaits .	Plur
Businesses based at the harbour include Hellmann Worldwide Logistics , founded in 1871 as a forwarding company and today active internationally .	Plur
While Megh was in its formative stages , it developed broken rainbands that swirled into the circulation center , which was located beneath the blossoming convection .	Plur
During the Lvov – Sandomierz Offensive on 15 July , his platoon repulsed 5 tank-supported counterattacks .	Plur
On 22 October , the German troops reportedly launched 13 tank-supported counterattacks .	Plur
He will join CGD in early 2017 , after leaving his current position as Director of the Middle East and Central Asia Department at the IMF .	Plur
16 gauge aluminum formed the front and rear bulkheads and floors and was used on both sides of the central tunnel to stiffen the car further .	Plur
Lawrence and Co. would manufacture sub-assemblies and Panther would assemble , paint and trim the car .	Plur
After this , the relations between Pavle and Milošević hit new lows .	Plur
During his term , he visited numerous eparchies of the Serbian Orthodox Church abroad .	Plur
Rep. John Conyers ( D-MI ) and 26 supporters put forward H. RES .	Plur
Gaps between the hills reveal the far north New Territories , with its narrow plains before the Shenzhen River .	Plur
They share the tribosphenic molars with the Australosphenida but differ from them by having cingulid cuspules but lacking a continuous mesial cingulid .	Plur
Subsequent DVD players now decode DTS natively or pass it through to an external decoder .	Plur
Also , the Xbox 360 cannot decode DTS from DTS audio CDs .	Plur
Dolby claims its competing AC-3 codec achieves similar transparency at its highest coded bitrate ( 640 kbit / s ) .	Plur
Other early prominent members included Andreas Eshete , Haile Menkerios , Alem Habtu , and Dessalegn Rahmato .	Plur
Dynasties that have held the territory include the Gonds , Kalachuri , Satavahanas , and Marathas .	Plur
The line has over 39 cabs with 8 seats each carrying 800 passengers per hour .	Plur
Middlesex ( 4pts ) beat Lancashire ( 0pts ) by 69 runs	Plur
Hampshire ( 4pts ) beat Middlesex ( 0pts ) by 105 runs	Plur
Middlesex ( 4pts ) beat Worcestershire ( 0pts ) by 32 runs	Plur
Essex ( 4pts ) beat Middlesex ( 0pts ) by one wicket	Plur
Middlesex ( 4pts ) beat Nottinghamshire ( 0pts ) by 31 runs	Plur
Middlesex ( 2pts ) beat Hampshire ( 0pts ) by 18 runs	Plur
Middlesex ( 2pts ) beat Kent ( 0pts ) by 20 runs	Plur
Middlesex ( 2pts ) beat Kent ( 0pts ) by six wickets	Plur
Hampshire ( 2pts ) beat Middlesex ( 0pts ) by six wickets	Plur
Middlesex ( 4pts ) beat Glamorgan ( 0pts ) by 111 runs	Plur
Middlesex ( 22pts ) beat Glamorgan ( 4pts ) by an innings and 23 runs	Plur
Essex ( 4pts ) beat Middlesex ( 0pts ) by four runs	Plur
Northamptonshire ( 4pts ) beat Middlesex ( 0pts ) by 14 runs	Plur
Middlesex ( 4pts ) beat Glamorgan ( 0pts ) by five runs	Plur
The blog showcases ecology and ecologists , focusing on ecological science in the news and its use in policy and education .	Plur
An animal trainer can use conditioned reinforcers , like clickers , to bridge the interval between response and positive reinforcement .	Plur
Guests can often hear these vocal reinforcers when attending a SeaWorld show .	Plur
Ma Bufang defeated the Tibetans at Dan Chokorgon .	Plur
Non-volatile derivatives such as tosylmethyl isocyanide do not have objectionable odors .	Plur
Rainey faced Johnny Cisneros on October 3 , 2014 at Bellator 127 .	Plur
She gets the 40 vats he ’ s brought to hide the thieves in thrown down the hill .	Plur
He also published " Observations on the Medicinal Effects of Digitalis " in the " Medical and Physical Journal " for 1800 .	Plur
He joins the dacoits to avenge his father 's death .	Plur
Hajji , now Zabak joins the dacoits , albeit unwillingly .	Plur
Lefevre published , in London , " Observations on the Nature and Treatment of the Cholera Morbus now prevailing epidemically in St. Petersburg " .	Plur
In the same year he published " Advantages of Thermal Comfort " ( enlarged edition 1844 ) .	Plur
Like Class A foams , it is intended to improve the wetting effectiveness of water used in fire suppression .	Plur
On their next series the Wildcats ' Miles Butler would split the uprights from 21 yards away .	Plur
On their first series of the second quarter the 49ers ' Blake Brewer would get the Niners on the board with a 23-yard field goal .	Plur
Habitats include saltbush ( mallee ) vegetation zones in Australia , steppes of Eurasia , Arctic tundra , and the North American prairie .	Plur
In summer 2014 , Volumes completed their first full US Vans Warped Tour in 2014 .	Plur
It subsequently destroys the Ten Commandments and imposes a villainous , criminal king .	Plur
Bourne thwarts the assassinations and confronts Dewey in his suite .	Plur
" Raleigh " and " Nansemond " exchanged salvos , and " Britannia " heard the roar of cannon from time to time during the night .	Plur
On October 31 , 1979 , the Tigers traded Mankowski and Jerry Morales to the New York Mets for Richie Hebner .	Plur
The Soviets played the Czechoslovaks and needed to win by at least two to win the Championship .	Plur
In addition to the nuns , Gernrode also possessed canonesses , who were connected with the altars of the church of St Cyriakus in Gernrode .	Plur
He taught the RCMP Instructors there for over a decade .	Plur
In addition , the maps contain computer-controlled city-states and non-player characters that are available for trade , diplomacy and conquest .	Plur
In 2006 the brewery produced 780,000 hectoliters of beer utilizing water from a deep natural spring and the highest quality wheat .	Plur
For details , see the Scientific Descriptions of Emotions in the Final Report of the Emotion Incubator Group .	Plur
Clarke expounds on his categorisation of mysteries , self-consciously aping the famous ' close encounters ' categorisation used by some ufologists :	Plur
Opening in 2002 , the mall cost 120 million dirhams .	Plur
On her first voyage she quickly captured six brigs and six schooners that she sent in to US ports as prizes .	Plur
Lister-Kaye was Lieutenant-colonel of the West Yorkshire Militia , formerly called the 10th Hussars .	Plur
The House bill would require lenders to write mortgages that take into account the borrowers ' ability to pay at the fully indexed rate .	Plur
This comprises the paddocks west of Constitution Hill and the Dairy / Salter 's Cottage precinct .	Plur
Historically the gatehouse keeper 's wife provided picnickers in the park with hot water for tea .	Plur
Finnish has only two fricatives in native words , namely and .	Plur
She could not settle elsewhere like her two uncles , being financially dependent on her grandfather .	Plur
Out of this , 57 Gigawatt comprises power semiconductors from Semikron .	Plur
Gaga incorporated theatrics in her live performances of the songs from the album .	Plur
We used choppers for 15 days .	Plur
When I met him for the first time , we shared good vibes .	Plur
The Brussels dialect combines Brabantian with words adopted from Walloon and French .	Plur
And while it is true that older words always pair vowel length with a change in vowel quality , new loanwords have reintroduced phonemic oppositions of length .	Plur
The following table shows the vowel alternations in more detail .	Plur
Some nouns have two different diminutives , each with a different meaning : bloem ( " flower " ) → bloempje ( lit .	Plur
Ajay just smiles and walks out .	Plur
Among other major influences on her work , she lists cellists Anner Bylsma , Jacqueline du Pré and Bruno Guiranna .	Plur
Thus Lola discovers the emotional tantrums of the female nature .	Plur
It has built five Patrol Crafts for Bangladesh Navy and two container ships .	Plur
Rite-Aid , TJ Maxx , and Chevron use Galaxy 3C as a VSAT platform .	Plur
From this home base they also controlled at various times large swaths of additional territory throughout what is now the northeastern United States .	Plur
When the Americans arrived they started canneries and competed with the Eyak for salmon .	Plur
Burnett considered Nabors to be her good luck charm .	Plur
In retaliation for the rebellion , the Dominion killed 800 million Cardassians .	Plur
King also had alleged psychics such as Sylvia Browne and James Van Praagh on from time to time to do readings and discuss the future .	Plur
King sometimes allows skeptics such as James Randi to debate the psychics .	Plur
Thermopiles use many thermocouples electrically connected in series , for sensitive measurements of very small temperature difference .	Plur
In 1973 , simultaneous with the third and final Flash release , Capitol Records released " Two Sides of Peter Banks " .	Plur
The collective unconscious contains archetypes common to all human beings .	Plur
Jung treated the archetypes as psychological organs , analogous to physical ones in that both are morphological givens that arose through evolution .	Plur
Li Shou 's son Li Shi , however , acknowledged the prior emperors as his predecessors .	Plur
Sites from the British Mesolithic include the Mendips , Star Carr in Yorkshire and Oronsay in the Inner Hebrides .	Plur
In the semi-final v Chris Mason , he scored a championship record 22 x 180s in a match .	Plur
The team had several announcers over the years .	Plur
Philip " Dollar " Billnitzer covered the Bats for the Austin-American Statesman during the inaugural season and continued to cover them for CitySearch.com for two more seasons .	Plur
A daughter from his first family , Jane Ellen Panton , published " Leaves of a life " in 1908 .	Plur
This article includes several chronologies relating to J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium .	Plur
" See also Battles of Beleriand . "	Plur
Hayashi made the most punctures of any of the perpetrators .	Plur
Bukavu has numerous lakeside wharves and boat transport is used extensively in the Congolese waters of the lake in the absence of well maintained roads .	Plur
Pan Zhang , another officer under Sun Quan , executed two deserters – one from Xu Sheng 's unit and the other from Song Qian 's .	Plur
The arms of Westminster represent two monarchs , closely associated with the City .	Plur
They resemble nuthatches , but whilst they were considered to be in that family for many years they are now afforded their own family .	Plur
As a result of this situation , Lenin ordered the Soviet plenipotentiaries to finalise the peace treaty with Poland .	Plur
Basketball coach John Wooden coached the Sycamores before accepting the head coaching position at UCLA .	Plur
From 4 December 2016 , Latham began co-hosting " Outsiders " on Sky News Live .	Plur
Socrates tells Critias that before they look at his body , they will ask the boy to strip and show them his soul .	Plur
However , rain damaged the fuses , and the damage was less severe than intended .	Plur
Retford Fire Station perform ' rescues ' to demonstrate their job to the public .	Plur
Avro constructed 177 Manchesters while Metropolitan-Vickers completed 32 aircraft .	Plur
The Khazen crest reflects the family 's special closeness to Mount Lebanon , with snowy mountains and a cedar tree depicted .	Plur
Only four confirmed at sea sightings have been made and 42 strandings recorded ( as of 2006 ) .	Plur
Wheeler also sculpted two sentries , a Merchant Navy sailor and officer , which stand at the top of the steps .	Plur
The " Expanding City " gallery covers the period 1660s to 1850 .	Plur
Different launch times and configurations have various timelines and options .	Plur
The only surviving evidence of industrial activity are abandoned lime kilns , the upper portions of which are still visible .	Plur
Some Super Abilities will cancel out other Super Abilities in play .	Plur
The Ancient Egyptian artisan Ramose lived in Deir el-Medina on the west bank of the Nile , opposite Thebes , during the reigns of Ramesses II .	Plur
The leaves grey-green and arranged in a rosette at ground level .	Plur
He also urged borrowers to attend church and pray as a way to help them spiritually as well as financially .	Plur
If the draw pile runs out , players simply shuffle the discards to form a new one .	Plur
The outer lip has characteristically one to three concave notches ( except in the genus " Guttula " ) .	Plur
In the Israel State Cup , the biggest achievement of the club was reaching the Quarter-finals in the 1956 – 57 season .	Plur
Each inverter consists of two series-connected six pulse inverters forming a twelve pulse inverter .	Plur
Each of the two inverters uses 84 thyristors .	Plur
At 17 Veljković won the XI Concours Clara Haskil , which was followed by the World Music Masters competition in Montecarlo five years later .	Plur
In the Neal Morse band , Collin ‘ subs ’ for Mike Portnoy ( Dream Theater ) who plays on the studio albums .	Plur
It also gives cross-references to many other catalogues , such as the Index Catalogue of Visual Double Stars , which have been linked to the CSI .	Plur
Females have dark hindwing apices .	Plur
Floats and decorations celebrated agricultural bounties that Mormons saw as God blessing their settlement .	Plur
The annual Springville Quilt Show accepts both hand-stitched and machine-quilted quilts .	Plur
For their season-opening game on September 1 , the Jayhawks hosted the defending Mid-American Conference champion Central Michigan Chippewas in the teams ' first meeting .	Plur
Todd Reesing led the Jayhawks to victory in Manhattan for the first time in eighteen years .	Plur
Throughout his career , Rosenthal has used various multi-keyboard setups for stage and theater .	Plur
In 1983 , he won 145,000 shekels in the Toto lottery .	Plur
Several of his articles won Honorable Mentions in the National Magazine Awards during those years .	Plur
An elevator connects pedestrians and bikes to Dock Street below the bridge .	Plur
This 4-lane divided limited-access expressway opened to traffic on August 15 , 2014 .	Plur
Originally published in the January 1980 issue of " Omni " magazine , it also appears in his short story collection " Maps in a Mirror " .	Plur
The two teams became archrivals in the second and third league until their merger in 1999 .	Plur
TASSC developed local coalitions to influence media , legislators , and the public , and recruited scientists and researchers to support Philip Morris 's position .	Plur
In it he discusses the intrigues surrounding Allen 's claim that he had been assaulted , the media fracas and a leaked medical report .	Plur
Order Mononchida contains two suborders :	Plur
He guest teaches and directs at Harvard Westlake High School in Los Angeles and was an Instructor in multi-camera directing at the Columbia College Hollywood Film School .	Plur
More than thirty years later Crookham Travel still run Rail Ale Rambles .	Plur
At the outbreak of World War I he joined the Royal Bucks Hussars as an officer .	Plur
Evans also used three diacritics to aid the reader in pronunciation .	Plur
F. Scott Fitzgerald considered " Many Marriages " to be Anderson 's finest novel .	Plur
Agassiz mistook the osteoderms for large rhomboidal scales , which he thought were arranged in a similar pattern to those of gars .	Plur
They considered aetosaurs to be similar to living crocodilians apart from their elongated metatarsals , which were compared to those of dinosaurs .	Plur
Early phylogenetic analyses split aetosaurs into two subfamilies , Aetosaurinae and Desmatosuchinae .	Plur
This may have led some paleontologists to believe that the animals had died in swampy environments .	Plur
Especially in the countryside , the Senegalese joined Sufi brotherhoods to unite against colonization .	Plur
He previously represented PokerStars as one of the poker professionals on their " Team PokerStars " .	Plur
Caballero played Ivan Moros due to a sudden sickness by the main actor in the soap opera .	Plur
His brothers Lew Grade and Leslie Grade also entered showbusiness .	Plur
For the 1924 – 25 season the club was renamed St Neots & District and celebrated by winning the Hunts Senior Cup again .	Plur
The company operated six DC-3s and five Ju 52s .	Plur
5 and 18 had wider fireboxes and became the N class .	Plur
Between 28 May and 15 June 2007 , she co-presented " Springwatch Trackers " alongside Steve Backshall .	Plur
Others started DNS-based blacklists of open relays .	Plur
He influenced several other contemporary Dutch engravers , most notably Master I .	Plur
The tille trevally has 22 to 25 gill rakers and 24 vertebrae .	Plur
In that condition I came face to face with one gentleman - the Devil .	Plur
He started as a legal assistant in the Kampala-based legal firm of Ntume , Nyanzi & Company Advocates .	Plur
Currently , she serves as the Deputy Secretary General of the East African Community , ( EAC ) , responsible for Productive & Social Sectors .	Plur
This was the second major league team to bear the name Indianapolis Hoosiers , though they bore no relationship to the earlier team that played in .	Plur
Experimental paradigms that interface nicely with these questions include cueing paradigms , the Go / No-Go paradigm and paradigms that induce conflict in the response system .	Plur
Garters or leggings accompanied narrow trousers .	Plur
Some stockings had stirrups , whole feet , or no feet .	Plur
Thus , fantasy prone personality correlates with the fantasy facet of the broader personality trait Openness to Experience .	Plur
In addition to these holidays , all three islands celebrate multi-day carnivals .	Plur
The fingernails and reed tips had golden coverings , which suggested that she lived in a wealthy family .	Plur
In 1005 he conquered the Shahis in Kabul in 1005 , and followed it by the conquests of Punjab region .	Plur
After relieving their victims of their valuables , they would turn their bullocks loose , to give themselves time to get away .	Plur
Matisoff postulates the following derivational prefixes .	Plur
Weigel , in his desire to create a more well-rounded music program at the university , created two Regimental Bands to compliment the Marching Band .	Plur
This fly has huge halteres .	Plur
The two superfamilies represent two independent , convergent evolutions of the same active site .	Plur
Dudman designed the animatronics for Alfonso Cuaron 's " Children of Men " .	Plur
Selected by the Chicago Blackhawks 186th overall in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft , Leblanc was assigned to AHL affiliate , the Rockford IceHogs .	Plur
The firm manufactured on behalf of Bessemer the converters for the works of the Pennsylvania Steel Company in the late 1860s .	Plur
To give gamers more power in the game , the developers have added tendrils .	Plur
Players can use tendrils to smash objects into other objects , such as a car into a tank , utilising the ' Black Hole ' attack .	Plur
By 1860 , Dimick had 27 gunsmiths working for him , building a variety of firearms , including derringer pistols , shotguns and hunting rifles .	Plur
SB 375 instructs the California Air Resources Board ( CARB ) to set regional emissions ' reduction targets from passenger vehicles .	Plur
ARB will review each SCS to determine whether it would , if implemented , achieve the greenhouse gas emission reduction target for its region .	Plur
SB 375 specifies that regional planning agencies must implement a public participation plan for the drafting of the SCS .	Plur
On Australia Day , you see dudes walking around with their tops off , and they 're getting on the drink and all that .	Plur
If Cary Village be a typical Middle Woodland village , it includes multiple hearths , burials , posthole patterns , storage pits , and middens .	Plur
The neoplastic T-cells produce cytokines which active the expression of eosinophils and suppress the ability of T-cells to initiate an immune response .	Plur
The New Testament depicts the Apostles as being appointed as true witnesses to the ministry and resurrection of Jesus Christ .	Plur
This commandment enjoins truthfulness and respect for other 's good name , even the dead .	Plur
As a result , Climie joined the Bonnyville Pontiacs in the Alberta Junior Hockey League .	Plur
This agent also mildly inhibits c-Kit and c-SRC tyrosine kinases .	Plur
These usually became bestsellers in the United States and were praised by critics of " The New York Times " .	Plur
Afterward Calloway reached the Pima Villages , the main supply point between Fort Yuma and Tucson and after a short rest , set out toward Tucson .	Plur
At the sixteenth pole , he passed Pistols and Roses and drew away to beat defending champion Devil His Due by two and a half lengths .	Plur
They also prefer brooks and streams that have sandy or gravely bottoms , typically with overhanging banks to protect them from being spotted by predators and humans .	Plur
They prefer brooks and streams that have sandy or gravely bottoms , typically with overhanging banks protecting them from predator or human observation .	Plur
suspending the rages of Hell ; < br >	Plur
It contains subshrubs and shrubs , which are commonly known as tarworts .	Plur
The Government launched the Revitalising Historic Buildings Through Partnership Scheme in 2008 .	Plur
Cattle Depot has its own distinctiveness .	Plur
This allowed Iranians to regroup and prepare for the upcoming Iraqi invasion .	Plur
He also dismissed warm-ups , calling them " shtick " and " something else to sell " .	Plur
In 26 % of presumably early-stage cancers , intraoperative staging revealed pelvic and distant metastases , making comprehensive surgical staging necessary .	Plur
Some Deliverance Ministers do use crucifixes , holy water and anointing oils as well as their Bible .	Plur
This would bring temporary truces .	Plur
On 15 September , Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla declared the Grito de Dolores in the town of Dolores ( Hidalgo ) .	Plur
Hidalgo , accompanies by Ignacio Allende , left Dolores with about 800 men , half of whom were on horseback .	Plur
These qualities allowed these Chichimecas to resist Spanish domination for many years .	Plur
Alfeñique refers to glass sugar based candies used to form figures and is most popular for Day of the Dead .	Plur
Other archeological sites in the state include Morales in San Miguel and El Cóporo in the northwest .	Plur
In peacetime , each company had approximately 160 privates and 32 officers and non-commissioned officers .	Plur
During the conference Kosta Došen proposed the term " substructural logics " , which is now in use today .	Plur
Full-length O-chains would render the LPS smooth , whereas the absence or reduction of O-chains would make the LPS rough .	Plur
If they are given LPS parenterally , mice that lack AOAH develop high titers of non-specific antibodies , develop prolonged hepatomegaly , and experience prolonged endotoxin tolerance .	Plur
His early research included supersonic diffusers and supersonic compressors in the early 40s , which has since been applied to jet engines .	Plur
He also co-authored " Fundamentals of Gas Dynamics " , 1958 , Princeton Univ .	Plur
Only low-budget underground magazines displayed female genitals or explicit poses .	Plur
Staff included around 50 Penthouse Pets , and the guests included the former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein .	Plur
Holmer Green has several pre-schools including : Holmer Green Methodist Pre-School ; the Cherry Tree Pre-School ; the Village Centre Pre-School ; and Playmates Day Nursery .	Plur
The carrier launched three more Zeros immediately after this attack to reinforce its CAP .	Plur
However , this concession was opposed by Joseph François Dupleix , the governor general of the Indian possessions of the Compagnie des Indes Orientales .	Plur
Gillies had previously reconstructed penises for injured soldiers and performed surgery on intersex people with ambiguous genitalia .	Plur
He consulted career ornithologists such as William Robert Ogilvie-Grant at the British Museum about difficulties .	Plur
A medieval tower in the town centre , the only remainder of the old church , contains frescos by painter Marthe Flandrin .	Plur
At the first UK Open qualifier in February , Newton beat Kim Huybrechts 6 – 3 in the final to receive £ 6,000 .	Plur
Earlier , in 2010 , hundreds of FPI members had attacked congregants during an HKBP church service in Bekasi , beating many women .	Plur
The Athenians had sent twenty triremes in support of the revolt , and the Eretrians sent five .	Plur
The Commando trained " The Outsiders " at a secondary training secret ranch before they entered the game .	Plur
Bands that have recorded at Q Division include Pixies , who recorded their debut album " Surfer Rosa " at the studio .	Plur
As of 1 November 2007 , the Emirates Group has launched the first of the Emirates Hotels & Resorts Residences with The Harbour Hotel & Residence .	Plur
From 1987 he held the following Shadow Portfolios .	Plur
The report considered 15 and 30 minute headways .	Plur
In 2007 , however , Renouveau français encouraged its sympathisers to vote for " no other candidate than Jean-Marie Le Pen . "	Plur
Paul Radisich suffered 13 retirements in 24 races while his new team-mate Steve Robertson scored just two points all season .	Plur
Each cell may contain 18-27 chloroplasts .	Plur
In 1999 , K-1 Revenge had some much eager rematches .	Plur
This included multiple head butts which resulted in Aerts bleeding so bad that even though he won the fight he could not continue to the next round .	Plur
He married Florence Warrens in 1944 , and the couple would have two children .	Plur
IRCA provides auditors , business and industry with two main services :	Plur
series " 450 chemin du Golf " and " Annie et ses Hommes " and of " Le retour " .	Plur
The team problem involved establishing correspondences between 87 emojis and their descriptions in Indonesian ( Austronesian ) .	Plur
The team problem examined phonological correspondences among the three Jê languages Mẽbêngôkre , Xavante and Krĩkatí .	Plur
These plans did not include the air guardsmen affected by the loss of their jobs .	Plur
AEGIS makes use of multiple terrestrial and space based observatories to conduct the survey .	Plur
This depicts the " Wrestling Superstars " figure of George " The Animal " Steele .	Plur
From 2007 – 2009 , Woodburn filmed a version of " How Clean is Your House " in Canada , called " Kim 's Rude Awakenings " .	Plur
Inevitably the population bubble that made its way through the most productive working years creating the “ demographic dividend ” grows old and retires .	Plur
Richie pleads for his life , failing to notice that Death seems to have trouble with his mobility .	Plur
This popular San Jose radio station has held many mixers and events with several famous artists including Sara Bareilles , Jason Mraz , and Augustana .	Plur
She ordered the eunuchs to take her away and slap her on the face .	Plur
In the Semi-finals , the Rangers faced the Capitals .	Plur
After every Rangers home win , the team gathers at center ice and raise their sticks in the air to salute the Rangers supporters .	Plur
The pictures show the sitters with fairly stern expressions staring straight at the viewer .	Plur
He has specialized in British portraiture , eighteenth-century English poetry , the interrelations of literature and the visual arts , and the history of libraries and museums .	Plur
The 1966 Indiana Hoosiers football team represented the Indiana Hoosiers in the 1966 Big Ten Conference football season .	Plur
Innovation , Science and Economic Development Canada , together with representatives of the radiocommunication industry , developed the Radiocommunication Regulations .	Plur
He also sees Miss Evers ( Mare Winningham ) and James March ( Evan Peters ) .	Plur
Porcupine and Red Wolf found two Spencer carbines in the handcar .	Plur
In late 1962 a five-piece London band called the Detours played several dates at the Douglas House nightclub .	Plur
In January 2013 , the board hired former Jefferson County Schools superintendent Phil Hammonds as interim superintendent .	Plur
This allows OEMs to embed value-added microscale systems with intelligent designs .	Plur
Collins retired from the music business , and , as of 2015 , was pursuing several hobbies including tennis and collecting art .	Plur
During that time he met Missy Raines and they formed the duet " Jim Hurst and Missy Raines , " playing together until 2000 .	Plur
" Majestic Princess " will spend July 2018 operating sailings in Taiwan .	Plur
The foundation collected ₹ 80 lacs on day 1 .	Plur
" M. scutellaris " foragers inform their nestmates adequately about the direction of the food source , but their information on distance is poor and limited .	Plur
" M. scutellaris " have atrophied stingers , so they cannot be used for their defense .	Plur
He shot down two American F-86s .	Plur
On the other hand , the liquid salt directly provides the anions and cations necessary for sustainment of a current through the cell .	Plur
Petrov used his fingertips in addition to various paintbrushes to paint on different glass sheets positioned on multiple levels , each covered with slow-drying oil paints .	Plur
" Dark Prince " introduces the Carpathians , a powerful and ancient race .	Plur
Institutions may commemorate benefactors by displaying their names , up to naming buildings or even the institution itself after the benefactors .	Plur
The English bourgeoisie , Engels concludes ,	Plur
His younger brother , Shichinosuke II , also currently performs kabuki .	Plur
Chromogranin A induces and promotes the generation of secretory granules such as those containing insulin in pancreatic islet beta cells .	Plur
Spherical t-designs meet the " accurately approximate integrals by sums " criteria for " good " pixelizations of the sphere .	Plur
He also wrote an extended Viewers Guide to Understanding the Talpiot Tomb documentary , published on his web site .	Plur
In Illinois , naturally occurring lakeside daisies were last seen in 1981 , and today the daisies occurring there are introduced populations in nature preserves .	Plur
the winter of 2008-2009 as Uncle Matt made surfboards underneath	Plur
The band released their full-length debut album " Nightmares " in 2007 on the Dream Makers Music label .	Plur
Vocal casting included 2 sopranos , 2 tenors , countertenor , bass and boy 's choir .	Plur
The dams will have three spillways .	Plur
We got Scottish co-producers , re-applied and got £ 25,000 .	Plur
Hungary has qualified 4 fencers .	Plur
After mating these grasshoppers overwinter as adults .	Plur
Redpath would later become the main opening batsmen in Ian Chappell 's Australian powerful teams of the early 1970s .	Plur
" The winners progressed to the winners QF , the losers enter the losers 3rd round . "	Plur
Before their destruction , these two salt works had produced some 2,500 bushels of salt — important not only for preserving food but also for making gunpowder .	Plur
In addition to hole-in-one insurance for golf events , prize indemnity insurance companies typically offer coverages for other types of contests as well .	Plur
Greenfield recalled Byers giving him a pledge to oppose legal disabilities on trade union members , and said he had then worked for Byers ' campaign .	Plur
An imine exchange occurs , and the amine nitrogen of the substrate , S-Adenosyl methionine , replaces Lys ( 278 ) in the imine linkage .	Plur
Propane ( a length-two path ) has three matchings : either of its edges , or the empty matching .	Plur
" n " -butane ( a length-three path ) has five matchings , distinguishing it from isobutane which has four .	Plur
The vajra master may also include particular directives , such as specifying that the student complete a certain amount of practice .	Plur
Later on the same lap Italian privateer Gianfranco Comotti joined the early retirees , when his Talbot 's brakes failed .	Plur
One Saturday in the spring Homer unthinkingly picks Eliza 's lilies and is not his usual cheerful self after Jess upbraids him .	Plur
" Curiosity " is exploring Aeolis Mons and surrounding areas .	Plur
3,000 workers evacuated their oil rigs because of Jeanne 's high waves .	Plur
Abi had a few boyfriends , before finally falling in love with Roger Bailey and agreeing to marry him .	Plur
Although commissioned officers have warfare pins and designations , such as Surface Warfare Officer , they do not use warfare designators in their titles .	Plur
In the 1980s two-figure increases in turnover filled the business accounting ledgers .	Plur
We consider only those hypersurfaces for which " h " is non-degenerate .	Plur
Marshall dominated amateur billiards before and after the war with a career that spanned six decades , broken by retirements in 1963 and 1970 followed by come-backs .	Plur
Ernie and Marvin Isley plus Chris Jasper laid the foot stomps and some of the crowd noises across 24 recording tracks .	Plur
Sigmund married Bertha Weis and they had four sons : H. Raymond , J. Lester , Monroe , and A. Victor .	Plur
The suit the player leads in becomes trump for that deal of cards .	Plur
Cash method taxpayers include income items ( cash and cash equivalents ) in the year the items are received .	Plur
On Veterans ' Day 1998 , Willie and Joe appeared in the comic strip " Peanuts " in a strip that Mauldin drew with Charles M. Schulz .	Plur
It features pictorials of East Asian women , interviews with Asian porn stars , and reviews of Asian pornography DVDs .	Plur
1908 saw the first skip hoists and ore bridges to transfer material at steel mills .	Plur
The books contain checklists for each scene of interesting things or people to find .	Plur
At the par-5 18th , both Jones and Farrell recorded birdies , clinching a one-stroke victory for Farrell in the rain .	Plur
His work helped to advance the understanding of the biblical text , especially the Dead Sea Scrolls .	Plur
Sarazen made two birdies on the back nine and did not make a bogey to also post 287 and force a playoff on Sunday .	Plur
Meanwhile , highly ranked welterweight prospect Joe Ray stopped Gerardo Julio Gallegos in the first round do to a cut over the eye in their bout .	Plur
The Northwood golf course has 007 bentgrass putting greens , along with Northbridge bermuda grass tees and fairways .	Plur
Offshore drilling rigs have similar elements , but are configured with a number of different drilling systems to suit drilling in the marine environment .	Plur
In 1983 , he joined Art Blakey 's Jazz Messengers as the second drummer , playing with him for several years .	Plur
This effectively ended Martins first spell with the band .	Plur
The Japanese versions of these figures included miniature AllSpark cubes that can be held by most Transformers figures .	Plur
As of 2018 , It sanctions rodeos in the United States , Canada , Mexico and Brazil .	Plur
He has attempted numerous comebacks , though the efforts have repeatedly been frustrated by run-ins with the law .	Plur
For example , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives use Labrador Retrievers for their tracking purposes .	Plur
Subject proclitics happened in three archetypes , realis , irrealis and perfect .	Plur
He recruited other mestizos and Spaniards who had fought in the Spanish army during the 1896 Revolution for training .	Plur
As he lay dying , Luna uttered " Cowards !	Plur
Shows with Bernd , Chili and Briegel also include pastiches of Robin Hood , Star Trek , Western and fairy tales .	Plur
The highlight of her amateur career was winning the 2004 U.S. Women 's Amateur Public Links , defeating Michelle Wie in the final , 1 up .	Plur
Many regions have different , often contrasting , microclimates .	Plur
All of these conditions lead to strong anticyclogenesis to the east of the Andes and thus , the high pressure system intensifies as it enters southern Argentina .	Plur
designating five main Y-DNA haplogroups for various regions of the isles .	Plur
Most found the mini-games to be poor .	Plur
Polls in May 2008 showed Morales easily defeating the recall .	Plur
The club survived numerous financial crises , such as the last one in 2008 , when debts were bought of , under the threat of bankruptcy .	Plur
According to him , neither ethnicity nor language distinguished Lithuanians from Ruthenians but their different creed .	Plur
The Board of Directors of the newly named corporation had adopted the organization 's new Bylaws on May 19 , 1985 .	Plur
In 1869 , Hopkins exhibited her oil painting " Canoes in a Fog , Lake Superior " at the Royal Academy in London .	Plur
The paintings show voyageurs and their canoes with her husband and herself amongst the paddlers .	Plur
He lists his hobbies as horse riding , skiing , chess and golf , and he is a member of Valderrama Golf Club and the MCC .	Plur
Notable products include PIC microcontrollers , MPLAB development software and hardware and PICkit for hobbyists .	Plur
Microchip Technology had sold more than 6 billion microcontrollers as of 2009 .	Plur
In Spring , 2008 , Sony / Legacy re-issued the Bongos RCA catalog for the first time to iTunes and all digital retailers .	Plur
In 2012 , on the eighteenth day of the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay , the Olympic torch passed The Showgrounds on its way to Páirc Esler .	Plur
Their comedy albums include " The Best of Williams and Ree " , " Taking Reservations " and " Way Up Norsk " .	Plur
Street has held directorships in several companies and served as a Melbourne Cricket Club committee member .	Plur
Livia finds virgins , pregnant senator 's wives and various other women instead .	Plur
In 1953 , they renamed the company Baskin-Robbins , deciding the order of their names with a coin toss .	Plur
She challenges the invading Technos , and her tribe is taken away .	Plur
After the Chosen capture all the City leaders , Jet surrenders to The Guardian along with the other leaders .	Plur
However , his plan backfires and he is tied up and gagged by the other prisoners .	Plur
See Flags of German states .	Plur
This complex then transfers the melanosomes from the microtubules to actin filaments .	Plur
Chemotherapy have achieved remissions however is sometimes ineffective for the treatment of the primary disease and can fail to control relapses .	Plur
They then enter the Dwarfs ' diamond mine , which is full of jewels of many colors .	Plur
They then passed the Dwarfs ( in their only appearance ) walking up the stairs to their room to investigate a frightening shadow .	Plur
Alvin tells the Hooligans that he was locked in the coffin and sent out to sea by " some very rude people " .	Plur
In the middle of the night , the leader of the Uglithugs , UG , and his men , discover the Hooligans , waking them up .	Plur
Back on the little isle of Berk , Stoick convinces the other Hooligans to help Hiccup collect the honey .	Plur
The strips frequently included caricatures of famous people , especially politicians .	Plur
The mission also flew two small Lego Space Shuttles , in honor of an educational partnership between Lego and NASA .	Plur
It had functional side scoops , and the chrome plated , central mounted exhaust was somewhat reminiscent of the Dodge Viper .	Plur
The true bullfinches are thick-billed finches in the passerine family Fringillidae .	Plur
After playing three seasons with the North Bay Centennials of the Ontario Hockey League , Houlder joined the Capitals during the 1987 – 88 season .	Plur
As of 2019 , she ranks 39th on the all-time list of space walkers by duration .	Plur
During 1992 / 1993 Primorac and Simun Andelinovic founded the Laboratory for Clinical and Forensic Genetics at the Clinical Hospital in Split .	Plur
In 2001 he won a freshers All-Ireland medal with the college .	Plur
At the time of its operation , the BMD-1 had no analogues abroad .	Plur
The bottom 25 floors of the main tower are called Residences while the floors from 26 to the top have the name Grand Residences .	Plur
Academic subjects emphasize Regents , Honors and Advanced Placement courses .	Plur
He joined the Washington Capitals late in the 2001 – 02 season and played the final nine games of his NHL career there .	Plur
In the future Ardis will open 19 hypermarkets in the country ; the next will open near Oran in Bir El Djir .	Plur
Checkers also runs 24 hypermarkets under the " Checkers Hyper " name .	Plur
CityCentre has two hypermarkets in Kuwait , in Shuwaikh and Salmiya .	Plur
In 1971 , Schuitema opened their first Dutch hypermarkets , Famila and Ahold with Miro in Vlissingen .	Plur
Until 22 March 2013 , Casino-Magro had several HyperCasino hypermarkets in Switzerland until the bankruptcy of the Magro group .	Plur
Coles had their own hypermarkets in the country with the introduction of Super Kmarts in the 1980s , until the results were not positive .	Plur
In New Zealand , The Warehouse operated three hypermarkets in the North Island between 2006 and 2009 under the " Extra " banner .	Plur
It featured the Traxion ( trx ) studs , which were rectangular and anatomically placed .	Plur
It has a wider last in the boot and rugby hybrid studs .	Plur
In 1956 , Lupton married Anne Sills , and they had a daughter , Rollin .	Plur
The monastery had 32 abbots between its founding and 1966 .	Plur
As of 2013 , the diocese had 28 seminarians studying for the priesthood .	Plur
Also , versions such as Access32 would produce faint electronic beeps at the end of phrases .	Plur
Playing for the Mariners ' triple-A affiliate , the Tacoma Rainiers , He went on to lead the Rainiers in average with a .323 clip .	Plur
Sliders , each family has two giant-sized rolling pawns .	Plur
Players can push their opponents ' pawns to affect the scoring .	Plur
A variation on Simon , families wear giant cubes around their bodies , colored red , yellow , green , and blue , like the actual game .	Plur
Motifs include ogee lozenges , similar to the decoration of Churche 's Mansion , as well as quatrefoils and herringbone patterns .	Plur
Mick Fleetwood join The Corrs on Stage For " Dreams , " " Haste to the Wedding " and " Toss the Feathers . "	Plur
According to a study done by Iceland ’ s Directorate of Health , around 10,700 Icelanders use e-cigarettes daily .	Plur
The race featured 16 cautions and 74 lead changes among 22 different drivers .	Plur
We got some bangers on there . "	Plur
This allowed Caltrans to confidently convert the Long Beach Traffic Circle to a modern roundabout .	Plur
Subsequently , Connelly sued Orange County Choppers and Paul Teutul Sr. , seeking damages for misappropriation of likeness , breach of contract and fraud .	Plur
In 1666 no houses had more than two hearths liable to the hearth tax , and the total number of hearths was 21 .	Plur
Mark drowned his sorrows while Mike and Linda got married on 10 September 2000 .	Plur
He has delivered numerous named lectureships and has served as a visiting professor at the Collège de France .	Plur
The Holy City Heartbreakers defeated the Swamp Foxes in the first LCHR home team bout .	Plur
In October 2011 Boeing selected FL Technics as its GoldCare partner .	Plur
I ’ ve told Jill Farren Phelps that if she wants to call me , I ’ m right by the phone .	Plur
This brings all her persecutors to her , and they must confess before she heals them .	Plur
The stems remain alive and produce tillers which overwinter and flower the following year .	Plur
Most recently , he published " Biophysics : Searching for Principles " , a textbook based on his course for PhD students .	Plur
By the spread of Buddha 's teachings in the ten directions , may everyone throughout the world enjoy the glories of happiness and peace . < br >	Plur
There the army confiscated the Cheyenne ponies but distributed more rations , including sugar and coffee .	Plur
Ellis faced Bec Rawlings at UFC Fight Night 65 as a replacement for the injured Seo Hee Ham .	Plur
Several pharmaceutical companies have implemented enterprise-level Clinical Trial Portals and realized reductions study cost and cycle times .	Plur
Wesley 's " Sunday Service " has shaped the official liturgies of the Methodists ever since .	Plur
In addition to Beethoven 's works , Birchall printed various glees , country dance books , and Italian vocal works .	Plur
Nebulizers generate aerosols consisting of droplets of various sizes that are admixed to the inspired respiratory gas .	Plur
They have two hallways , which is why it ’ s supposed that they were two houses that merged into each other .	Plur
She created more than 350 postcards .	Plur
In October 2018 , he joined University Hospitals as Chief Clinical Transformation Officer .	Plur
The U.S. Department of Defense ( DOD ) sent in seven C-130s with approximately 68 tonnes of medical supplies and 2,000 blankets also assisting in relief .	Plur
Two weeks later , the band released " Tokyo Incidents Vol .	Plur
Walsingham and other places of Marian pilgrimage developed large popular followings .	Plur
It also allows curators and other museum professionals to see what the public sees in works of art .	Plur
The annual carnival celebration attracts revelers from all over the south of Minas Gerais .	Plur
It has produced four Patriarchs of the Serbian Orthodox Church .	Plur
Moscow had always denied earlier overflights .	Plur
The U.N. Security Council discussed the overflights at a closed meeting on 21 July , however no decision was reached .	Plur
The window above the ministers ’ seats depicts the apostles and the four evangelists .	Plur
It presently has WAG-5 and WAM-4 locos .	Plur
Two special trains , running from Howrah , carried the invitees .	Plur
Today almost 10 km of galleries and halls have already been mapped , all rich in speleothems .	Plur
In China , people eat dried turnips when they are having porridge or noddles .	Plur
Marie de Wet married Johan Koopmans in 1864 and it is this union that gave rise to the current name of the house .	Plur
In 1887 he married Isabella Carnes .	Plur
They also did calisthenics in empty hallways until there was a gymnasium .	Plur
So the bishop asked the Cathars to leave the town to save themselves .	Plur
The Inquisition then hunted down the remaining Cathars .	Plur
He first married Señora Loreto Elías and later married Doña Maria Mercedes Dávila .	Plur
He joined the Vols as wide receivers coach / recruiting coordinator before being promoted to passing game coordinator / wide receivers coach in 2015 .	Plur
The overseas version of this album also includes a bonus VCD .	Plur
Wesley Wyndam-Pryce orders the slayers to investigate the death to see if anything supernatural was involved .	Plur
New developments of roads and forestry tracks can consequentially allow illegal fishers to access previously unexploited populations .	Plur
She also has two stepsons from her husband 's first marriage .	Plur
The very large corner pinnacles have attached secondary pinnacles , and intermediate pinnacles to each side .	Plur
The Rigveda already uses the Sanskrit term Ayas ( metal ) .	Plur
Lake Wilhelm shares its shorelines with Maurice K. Goddard State Park and State Game Land No .	Plur
It 's also about making your own artistic judgements based on your interpretation of the piece .	Plur
It also featured Latin sonorities and songs sang in Spanish and Portuguese — except for two songs in French .	Plur
He read Modern Languages at Corpus Christi College , Oxford , for one year before being called up to the British Army .	Plur
Ahmadil fought again the crusaders during the First Crusade .	Plur
Marketing for the movie included television promos and coming attractions previews , but actor Owen Wilson did not conduct any interviews to promote the film .	Plur
High points include Mounts Gule and Umbi .	Plur
This program involved testing nerve agents , nerve agent antidotes , psycho chemicals , and irritants .	Plur
Then , white-reds faced amateurs from Great Britain .	Plur
These include various Airplanes , Helicopters , Motors and Turbines .	Plur
Low stone hearths surrounded the fire , but mostly the cooking was done on the floor .	Plur
These products displaced other cereals and beer .	Plur
It portrays the assassinations of British officials , Hamas , Hezbollah and Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) leaders , and Iranian nuclear scientists .	Plur
The message from DPRK was North Korea 's evident disappointment as Washington had shown no real eagerness to sign a peace treaty to end the Korean War .	Plur
Dr Chikwamba 's research involves Plant manufactured pharmaceuticals and Metabolic engineering .	Plur
According to some historians , this market was specialized in selling spices and sfaxian natural products ( raisins , almonds , pistachios , dried figs , etc .	Plur
Fanchette Flamm and Mária Mednyánszky defeated Doris Gubbins and Brenda Sommerville in the final by three sets to nil .	Plur
He had more dunks than any other college player going back to the 2009 – 2010 season .	Plur
The anarchist migrators joined other leftists like Bernardo Vega .	Plur
During this decade , " left libertarians " represented a percent within the Partido Independentista Puertorriqueño ( PIP ) .	Plur
However , more recent studies have tested yeasts , fungi , and even viruses .	Plur
Later in the 19th century , German physicist Hermann von Helmholtz wrote " Sensations of Tone " describing the founding concepts of psychoacoustics , i.e .	Plur
She studied humanities in Barcelona and got her degree in 1921 .	Plur
He obtained his " Habilitation à Diriger les Recherches " in 2000 and became Professor in 2001 .	Plur
Drake and his 1st Battalion deployed their 75mm Howitzers on the island of Ennubirr in the evening of January 31 , 1944 .	Plur
" See also " : Criticisms of the biodiversity paradigm	Plur
Temco ’ s contract with the Saudis called for ten T-35A aircraft and enough spares to keep them flying for years .	Plur
The pendant shows two wasps storing or may be sharing a drop of honey and is of high quality gold-smithery of the Minoan times .	Plur
It requires more than 60 molts – roughly three times more than other species of crab - to reach its full size .	Plur
Sammy respects James 's " book smarts " but is often frustrated with James 's lack of confidence and constant questioning and thinking .	Plur
To the south lies the Howgill Fells including Green Bell .	Plur
The Mexicans killed 36 Texians and wounded several others , in what Americans called the Dawson Massacre .	Plur
The buyer then created Punch Taverns .	Plur
Gutenberg holds a tent kermis ( church consecration festival ) each year on the second weekend in September .	Plur
Cashline ATMs up until the mid-1980s were usually of De La Rue or IBM-Diebold manufacture , before being progressively replaced by NCR machines .	Plur
The Counts of Sponheim enfeoffed their ministeriales with their share of the right to appoint clergy .	Plur
However , they note the conveniences of Victorian civilisation .	Plur
This abbey later received harvests and other holdings in and near Roth .	Plur
Each year on 3 May , the Feast of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross , Schöneberg holds its kermis ( church consecration festival ) .	Plur
The games are dating sims starring SNK and ADK characters that take place in a parallel world to their own .	Plur
On December 8 , the Mad Blankey duo of Yamato and Naruki Doi defeated the Millennials to win the Open the Twin Gate Championship .	Plur
The latter were later called Picts or Caledonians by the Romans .	Plur
The monastery had several offshoots which included the abbeys of St. Martin-du-Canigou ( now in France ) and that of Santa Maria de Montserrat .	Plur
Wallenstein ruled the duchies from 1627 until 1631 , when the dukes were restored by the Swedes under King Gustavus Adolphus .	Plur
Macrophages present these antigens to T cells via a major histocompatibility complex ( MHC ) .	Plur
At this point the blood substitutes , blood products , hetastarch based colloids , albumin and hypertonic solutions have all been shown to have significant complications .	Plur
Newer " fusion cuisine " variations include apricot , mango and coconut flavorings .	Plur
LBA , as a form of direct marketing , allows marketers to reach specific target audiences .	Plur
The sisters were dubbed the Parking Fairies .	Plur
Most endoparasitic fungi have spores that are attracted to soil nematodes and tend to congregate in the mouth region .	Plur
She had never seen red water lilies before .	Plur
In 2011 , Johnston launched BOREALIS Advisors , a consultancy supporting leaders of charitable and philanthropic organizations .	Plur
Austria played Women 's Euro 1997 Qualifiers , held in Norway and Sweden .	Plur
Thus , Austria did not enter the 1999 World Cup Qualifiers , held in the United States .	Plur
Mr Moyes currently holds non-executive directorships with the Office of Fair Trading , the Priory Hospital Group , and the Legal Services Board .	Plur
Takahashi won the 2011 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships .	Plur
Most of the patrol was outside their parked Humvees in a residential Baghdad neighborhood .	Plur
In reviewing the organisation , David Colquhoun accused the ISIS of promoting pseudoscience and specifically criticised Ho 's understanding of homeopathy .	Plur
People of Praise uses the Spiritual Exercises of St. Ignatius as a basis for counsel and discernment .	Plur
In 1889 William J. Dodd married Ione Estes of Memphis , TN .	Plur
In 1921 he exposed " The Protocols of the Elders of Zion " as an anti-Semitic forgery in a series of articles in " The Times " .	Plur
Found also among some Algeria Arabs , it is found at 10 % among Moroccan Arabs , some Moroccan Berbers and Tunisian Berbers .	Plur
In 1972 , Tootsie Roll Industries acquired the Dots brand by purchasing the Mason Division of Candy Corporation of America .	Plur
The player can also use catapults to attack enemy military buildings .	Plur
The German-American families began leaving the neighborhood with African-Americans and Latinos – mainly Puerto Ricans – taking their place .	Plur
The FCC has consistently rejected Joann 's filings , including attempts in 2004 , 2007 , 2011 and 2017 .	Plur
In 1912 he completed a fourth tripos in mechanical sciences , and was placed in the second class .	Plur
Police questioned Cousins and Gardiner about the incident but they refused to aid the inquiries .	Plur
His legislation would allow student loan borrowers to refinance loans and have access to lower market rate loans .	Plur
The trash bags ' slogans were " Why Take Chances , Get Glad ! "	Plur
The video features Alizée following a young man through an old coal washing plant , while he performs acrobatics .	Plur
Wildlife near Sisquoc includes bobcats , coyotes , mountain lions , rabbits , and gophers .	Plur
MSHA said recklessness by Agapito Associates " directly contributed to the death of nine people . "	Plur
They defeated the Massachusetts Twisters 18-5 in the AISL championship game at home on March 15 , 2008 .	Plur
Like other mussels , it has larvae called glochidia that lodge in the gills of fish to develop into juvenile mussels .	Plur
Owain Glyndŵr and others made their depositions at the Court of Chivalry inquiry into the Scrope v Grosvenor controversy held here on 3 September 1386 .	Plur
Other added features included multiple ladders for different level brackets , up to ten playable avatars per single player account , and multi item trading .	Plur
The Clan Mackay had invaded Caithness from the west and Harpsdale was where the local Clan Gunn chose to make a stand .	Plur
In 1982 Broadwood purchased Danemann Pianos and the factory .	Plur
TUFs that are novel isoform transcripts of protein-coding genes ; this can include expressed pseudogenes	Plur
Grimm found " Novisuccinea ovalis " more abundant than " Novisuccinea chittenangoensis " during field surveys in 1964 , 1965 , and 1973 .	Plur
In 1996 , this was considered an Endangered Species .	Plur
The Deputy Commandant of Aviation also commands Marine Corps Detachments at Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake and Naval Air Station Patuxent River .	Plur
Connie Landers sang the two songs back to back on the 2008 album " Girls Girls Girls : 1960 's Rock N Roll " .	Plur
At its peak , the first wave saw 29 democracies in the world .	Plur
Partograph includes several labour vitals including cervix dilatation of the mother .	Plur
The distribution of the genus " Trissexodon " includes the western Pyrenees .	Plur
Pakistan also received 14 used F-16s from the US free of cost .	Plur
Heavy-lift transports comprise 3 Boeing 707s transferred from Pakistan International Airlines starting 1986 .	Plur
They will also attach wireless microphones to persons whose voice requires recording .	Plur
Overfishing resulting in the collapse of herring in the North Sea caused porpoises to hunt for other prey species .	Plur
Adult flatworms parasitize blood capillaries of either the mesenteries or plexus of the bladder , depending on the infecting species .	Plur
The JL-8 for the domestic Chinese market and its export variants , K-8E and K-8P , have different powerplants and avionics .	Plur
The scops owl perches upright and shows small ear tufts .	Plur
HQ has 4 branches , Operations & Training ( Ops .	Plur
They will have 2 / 4 hardpoints with minimum payload requirement of 120 kg .	Plur
It may also aid pediatricians in diagnosing and monitoring treatment of disorders of bone mass acquisition in childhood .	Plur
My regiment lost MiGs to this ambush tactic three times .	Plur
Replacement aircraft initially included only MiG-17s and MiG-21s : in April 1974 , Syria received the first two batches of MiG-23 fighter-bombers .	Plur
GLAD was originally called the Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders .	Plur
Burdzhanadze accused Mikheil Saakashvili of arranging the arrests to intimidate the opposition .	Plur
Thomas joined Osborn Henry Riches in the sales department of the Cambrian Collieries , later moving to Clydach Vale to learn the management of the mines themselves .	Plur
The CAS membership system includes Academicians ( 院士 ) , Emeritus Academicians ( 荣誉院士 ) and Foreign Academicians ( 外籍院士 ) .	Plur
In 1989 , a Virginia Highway Marker , entitled " Skirmish at Rio Hill " , was placed in the shopping center to commemorate the event .	Plur
Collecting scraps of metal and wood from local lumber stores and recycling centers , families began building shanties ( shacks ) for shelter .	Plur
The Broadway Center for the Performing Arts manages the Pantages , the Rialto Theater , and the Theatre on the Square .	Plur
The three-day festival attracted 20,000 hippies to a farm near Sultan and was one of the first outdoor rock festivals .	Plur
Cheney donated a few bucks to establish the Benjamin P. Cheney Academy in the town .	Plur
Examples include achondroplasia and chondrodystrophy .	Plur
Many European paintings ( especially Spanish ) of the 16th – 19th centuries depict dwarfs by themselves or with others .	Plur
In conjunction with the Royal Navy , they constructed booms across the river to prevent the enemy floating boats or mines downstream to damage the bridges .	Plur
Also , the project challenges the presumptions of what is concerned as nudity and disclosure in the Western culture .	Plur
They appeared together in the 1948 film The Red Shoes as " a balletomane " and " a balletomane 's mate " .	Plur
" , which appeared on the band 's 1976 album , " Nobody 's Fools . "	Plur
The 1937 Indiana Hoosiers football team represented the Indiana Hoosiers in the 1937 Big Ten Conference football season .	Plur
It included 14 reds and 14 colours .	Plur
Other performers in 2008 included Crystal Castles , Hadouken ! , Soko , Sam Sparro and White Lies .	Plur
The 1936 Indiana Hoosiers football team represented the Indiana Hoosiers in the 1936 college football season .	Plur
CQDs-modified P25 TiO2 composites exhibited improved photocatalytic H2 evolution under irradiation with UV-Vis .	Plur
The foundation of the Monastery of San Pietro in Assisi is dated 970 A.D. ; and is first documented in 1029 A.D .	Plur
In acting , Budd is associated with the Circle Repertory Theater and Playwright 's Horizons of New York City .	Plur
Powerful tools for automatically generating statistical charts , variable ellipsoids or QKNA help the estimators to produce an efficient estimation and ensure his quality .	Plur
The parade drew an estimated 5,000 parade goers .	Plur
Tommy double-crosses the crooks , winning the next game .	Plur
Conti lead the Sapphires to their inaugural title in Spain .	Plur
The majority of these elevations feature rocky crags of volcanic origin that they are eroded by climate .	Plur
shared the demo version of the track " Platforms " on her SoundCloud page .	Plur
Other icons show the Apostles and the Church Fathers .	Plur
On 12 July , he took some selfies on the Promenade , as Molins confirmed on 18 July .	Plur
Other terrorist attacks in Belgium and Turkey prompted holidaymakers to cancel their bookings or seek out other destinations perceived to be safe .	Plur
In the Tenza Valley , to the east of the Altiplano Cundiboyacense where the majority of the Muisca lived , they extracted emeralds in Chivor and Somondoco .	Plur
The agriculture of the Muisca impressed the Spanish conquistadors and made them even more curious to find out who was the leader of the civilisation .	Plur
In 1427 he exchanged bishoprics with his nephew Aymon II , bishop of Nice , and died the following year .	Plur
Additionally , he uses Punnett Squares and other methods to explore the probability of Gods existence .	Plur
On 12 July , he took some selfies on the Promenade , as Molins confirmed on 18 July .	Plur
After starting his career with Welling United , Kassarate joined Walton Casuals in February 2015 .	Plur
She hired Kristan King Nevins as her chief of staff ; Nevins had served in the same position under former first lady Barbara Bush .	Plur
During the 14 July 2016 attack on the Promenade des Anglais , Negresco 's hotel once again became a field hospital used to aid victims .	Plur
In 1307 Philip had many French Templars arrested , charged with heresies , and tortured by the French authorities until they allegedly confessed .	Plur
Theodore Roosevelt led the Progressives , and bolted the Republican convention in the 1912 election to set up a third party .	Plur
In these cases large molecules or fine particles form loosely bounded aggregates or alignment groupings that are stable and reproducible at any given shear rate .	Plur
Its collection includes more than 1,300 pikes , muskets , swords and other weapons .	Plur
The Native Americans did not have the immunities the Europeans developed through long contact with the diseases .	Plur
His father , Caliph Abū Mansūr al- ‘ Azīz bil-Lāh , had two consorts .	Plur
Qadir also commissioned several refutations of Ismaili doctrines , including those written by the Mu 'tazili ' Ali b . Sa 'id al-Istakri ( 1013 ) .	Plur
He did , however , tutor Sylvia Syms for her harmonica-playing role in the film " No Trees in the Street " ( 1959 ) .	Plur
Haikou has four seaports for passenger and cargo service .	Plur
Haikou is also developing its Meetings , Incentives , Conferencing , Exhibitions industry .	Plur
Passive mixers use one or more diodes and rely on their non-linear relation between voltage and current to provide the multiplying element .	Plur
Stalin carried out further purges of the Komi intellectual class in the 1940s and 1950s , and Komi language and culture was suppressed .	Plur
His niece Sandra Schulberg was an executive producer of the Academy Award nominated film " Quills " , among other movies .	Plur
Eventually the townsfolk , led by Cardinal Luca Fieschi , expelled the marauders .	Plur
For example , a mixture of potassium permanganate and glycerol or pulverized glucose ignites readily .	Plur
In 1786 , she published " The Errors of Innocence , " a novel in five volumes , written in epistolary form .	Plur
" Washington " retained its six 1.1 in quads until the middle of 1943 , when ten quad 40 mm guns replaced them .	Plur
During his career , Guga used Head racquets with Luxilon polyester strings .	Plur
When he was 14 years old , Kuerten met Larri Passos who would be his coach for the following 15 years .	Plur
However , others including President Barack Obama supported reclassifying ISPs using the Communications Act of 1934 .	Plur
Advocates of net neutrality generally supported reclassifying ISPs under Title II , while FCC leadership and ISPs generally opposed such reclassification .	Plur
Unlike the 2016 Primary Election , Sossi also won Absentee Ballots .	Plur
The book describes the various hobbies of the sailors , some caring for nothing but women and others obsessed with confectioneries .	Plur
After its game against Northwestern , Michigan hosted the Maryland Terrapins in their homecoming game .	Plur
Each immersion tank can contain 16 " Bricks " .	Plur
Seo-myeon has fourteen jurisdictions and fifty-nine administrative districts .	Plur
The school 's Chinese dance troupe has also attained Certificates of Distinction and Accomplishment over the same period of time .	Plur
Most also have Far East Programs .	Plur
He had placed school leavers in leadership positions which had created conditions of permanent conflict between experienced intelligence administrators and their new bosses .	Plur
Born on 5 May 1947 in Dudelange , Luxembourg , Germaine Goetzinger matriculated from the Lycée de jeunes filles at Esch-sur-Alzette in 1966 .	Plur
Since 2012 , she has presided the Fondation Servais which awards an annual literary prize .	Plur
In 1938 Molina married Rodolfo Stahl Robles .	Plur
In her first academic season ( 2010 – 11 ) she helped the Martlets win the championship .	Plur
Starting August 1875 , the Iwate Prefecture government offered bounties ( " shōreikin " ) of 7 ¥ for male wolves and 8 for females .	Plur
Wolf populations in North America commonly sustain annual harvests or natural mortality rates of 20 – 40 % without experiencing a year-to-year decline in numbers .	Plur
Before 1762 , the site of Stoke Park was called the Paddocks , it was owned by a Mr Dyson who laid out its dimensions .	Plur
The Habsburg court , however , did not allow the Serbs to establish their printing presses .	Plur
Running into Silver Sable like his predecessor , Fresson would assist the Thunderbolts in freeing Justin Hammer 's former agents of their biological time bomb .	Plur
When Graviton returned to Earth , looking to fight the Thunderbolts , he found the Redeemers at their Mt .	Plur
Her mother , Marie Irène Cathérine de Buisson , daughter of the Seigneur de Longpré , near Falaise , married a bourgeois of that town named Filleul .	Plur
Blaze accuses Mephistopheles of causing his father 's death , but Mephistopheles considers their contract to be fulfilled and promises to one day see him again .	Plur
In April 2006 , the cast and crew performed last-minute reshoots in Vancouver .	Plur
When occurring in its pygmy form , it is sometimes called pygmy cypress .	Plur
In 1973 , the museum transferred the Thomason Tracts to the British Library where they continue to be housed .	Plur
Picking strawberries , raspberries , blueberries , or gooseberries is also a favourite summer pastime .	Plur
In other provinces , governors themselves appointed non-magistrate prefects or procurators to govern a small part of the province and act as their second-in-command .	Plur
In imperial provinces , the Emperor would appoint legates to govern in his name .	Plur
In total , the train was carrying 23 gas canisters in these carriages .	Plur
A koil may have multiple gopurams , typically constructed into multiple walls in tiers around the main shrine .	Plur
Many members of the diaspora from the Indian subcontinent have established Hindu mandirs outside India as a means of preserving and celebrating cultural and spiritual heritage abroad .	Plur
Moore later dismissed " Victims of the Future " as " just one of my feeble attempts at heavy rock " .	Plur
Django officially supports four database backends : PostgreSQL , MySQL , SQLite , and Oracle .	Plur
Most antidepressants suppress REM sleep , in parallel with their alleviation of depressive symptoms ( although suppression of REM sleep is not required for antidepressant effects ) .	Plur
The winter of 1874-1875 caused many hostiles to surrender to their Indian Agents and Pratt was responsible for gathering testimony for and against the worst offenders .	Plur
In the same episode , Robert J. Wilke played Sergeant Wilks , who advocates a more harsh treatment of Indian prisoners than does Pratt .	Plur
As a consolation prize , she was awarded " donuts for the entire audience " .	Plur
The two losers receive drumheads autographed by The Roots .	Plur
In 2011 , Jimmy picked the # 15 seed Long Island-Brooklyn Blackbirds who played the # 2 seed North Carolina Tarheels in the first round .	Plur
Syracuse 's third game was a 61 – 50 win over the # 1-seed Indiana Hoosiers , but fell during a long weekend .	Plur
Shortly thereafter , Questlove announced " April Fools ! "	Plur
They correctly selected the Baltimore Ravens over the San Francisco 49ers ( the final score was 34-31 ) .	Plur
The Goldney family , from Bristol , became clothiers in Chippenham in the sixteenth century and were long afterwards associated with Wiltshire , and particularly the town .	Plur
It contains over 500,000 accessions of more than 3,000 crop , forage , and agroforestry species .	Plur
By 1430 since the Northwestern went another expedition Hussites , supported by the Polish mercenary Sigismund Korybut .	Plur
Realis clauses indicate conditionals with a possible fulfillment ( e.g .	Plur
He co-founded the design consultancy Fantasy Finishes in 1985 , specialising in paint finishes , murals and design-to-order wall-coverings .	Plur
He also encounters vicious alligators and a voodoo witch doctor .	Plur
As senator he served on the Committee on the Library and was chairman of the Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses .	Plur
During his long legal career , Tate held many judicial committee chairmanships and took an active role in promoting legal and court reforms .	Plur
The Institute holds Annual General Meetings ( AGM ) to elect its executives .	Plur
Special effects used include pyrotechnics and substitution splices .	Plur
These single-channel polarizers had two major inconveniences :	Plur
Technically , the polarizers he used were polarizing cubes which transmitted one polarity and reflected the other one , emulating a Stern-Gerlach device .	Plur
Riley represented Barbados at the international level over a span of 10 years .	Plur
That lakes drains via the Temagami River , Sturgeon River , Lake Nipissing , and the French River to Georgian Bay on Lake Huron .	Plur
Foerster co-directs " For Girls Becoming " , a program that fosters arts education and mentorships for women and girls of the Muscogee Nation .	Plur
Goats and sheep brought supplements ( milk , flesh and hair ) to poor agriculture .	Plur
Ripley eliminated Miranda Salinas in the first round but lost to Dakota Kai in the second round .	Plur
Furious at his wound and Wölke 's death , Meleshko accused the lumberjacks of concealing partisans and ordered them to be escorted to Pleschenitsy .	Plur
In clockwise order the other players have Spades , Hearts and Diamonds as their trump suits , regardless of the cards which they actually hold .	Plur
The ruling coalition and the Social Democrats reached compromises on a number of strategic issues ; Streeruwitz gained recognition for being result-oriented and pragmatic .	Plur
He built kennels for the North Devon Staghounds .	Plur
Case reports have linked bitter orange supplements to strokes , angina , and ischemic colitis .	Plur
( In mid-60s youth culture , ' Mods ' favoured scooters and wore parkas , while ' rockers ' rode motorcycles and wore leather and denim .	Plur
The club then took bus timetables and stuck them on it , to resemble a bus shelter .	Plur
Clitheroe has three jewellers , with " Nettletons Jewellers " being on the high street .	Plur
" Bumper " Harris , a one-legged engineer , rode the escalators on the first day of operation to reassure passengers of their safety .	Plur
He introduced Sunday matinees at a reduced cost to widen the theatre 's potential audience .	Plur
Both Edmonton and Calgary have large Chinatowns .	Plur
Mature males also have prominent postanal humps .	Plur
57.4 % spoke Afrikaans as their first language , 30.7 % spoke Xhosa and 6.9 % spoke English .	Plur
She married Newton A. Bolles in 1887 , who was also a graduate of the School of Osteopathy and received his degree in 1898 .	Plur
She then joined Central Saint Martins , where she completed a Master 's in Materials Futures .	Plur
The treaty between the Central Powers and the Bolsheviks had granted Kars , Ardahan , Pontus and Batumi to the Ottomans .	Plur
Sportswriter Matthew Webber also commended Cousins for speaking about his drug addiction with " raw honesty " in the film .	Plur
Butler described the adult moths of the species as follows :	Plur
Amarna letter EA 23 , titled : " " A Goddess Travels to Egypt " " is a short letter to Pharaoh from Tushratta .	Plur
In Portugal , there are also found several ancient menhirs .	Plur
In Ethiopia , the town of Tiya contains 36 menhirs ( standing stones ) or stelae .	Plur
The highlight was contesting the 2010 Tippeligaen .	Plur
Capo had s guestpart on the song " Party mit uns " .	Plur
In April 2017 , he announced his second studio album , " Alles auf Rot " , which was released on 7 July 2017 .	Plur
Important members included Bilbo Baggins and Frodo Baggins .	Plur
Tushi also praised Abbas I throughout the work .	Plur
At the crucial moment , he forgot the incantations to invoke Brahmastra , as a result of his guru Parashurama 's curse .	Plur
Jackson wrote the book " Tents in the Clouds : the first women ’ s Himalayan expedition " in 1957 about the adventure .	Plur
Sitabhog of Bardhaman in West Bengal get the Geographical Indications of West Bengal on 29 April 2017 .	Plur
Insterad his interlocutors informed him that now they knew where he came from , and that he would shortly be released and sent back .	Plur
His project team already included six local draftsmen .	Plur
The other favourite items include homemade mango pickles , and " paapad " .	Plur
Fullam 's husband had drank poisoned tonics and poisoned soup but refused to die .	Plur
The solidifying , spreading lava could then generate rockfalls and form a voluminous talus apron into the Squamish valley .	Plur
Later , she began designing handkerchiefs commissioned by J. H. Kimball for Lord & Taylor in New York .	Plur
The Access Network supports wireless interconnections and collocations for bandwidth-intensive applications such as Internet of things ( IoT ) and 5th generational wireless systems 5G .	Plur
As a Program Director in the Engineering Research Center ( ERC ) Program Office , she leads the Microelectronics , Sensors , and Information Technologies Cluster .	Plur
The Chalukya records also accord him various epithets , such as " Vallabha " , " ' Shri-vallabha " , and " Vallabhendra " .	Plur
This service also serves the Tanger Outlets in West Ocean City .	Plur
North of 5th Street , a marked lane down the middle of the boardwalk warns pedestrians of the shuttle .	Plur
He battled more Skrull infiltrators , and then battled the Cold Warrior .	Plur
Matthew Byrd of " Screen Rant " commented , " The whole character reads like an inside joke that actually made it to print . "	Plur
Students must pass a Foreign Language Regents for the Advanced Regents Diploma .	Plur
In 2010 , Reed would join Detroit Fanfare Conventions as an adviser and serve on its Board of Directors .	Plur
The project included multi-tiered home-side bleachers , a turf-surface field and a new eight-lane track .	Plur
Dubai Government launched Dubai Summer Surprises in 1998 in order to promote Dubai as a family holiday destination .	Plur
EMS puts on either a play or musical out of the indwelling Wheelhouse Theatre year after year .	Plur
He has told interviewers that he hopes to do a run on Broadway in a new musical or revival .	Plur
In 2014 and 2016 the Senior Girls Soccer team won the AAA Soccer Provincials .	Plur
Even as Arabs adopted traditional Iranian bureaucracy , Arab tribalism disadvantaged Iranians . "	Plur
To ostracize the Iranians and become an oppressor !	Plur
The national level Post Office Mission leadership encouraged local Unions to maintain literature tables or racks in the vestibule of their churches .	Plur
He joined Suwon Bluewings on a one-year loan in January 2010 .	Plur
They could grow beards and were not obliged to wear prison uniform .	Plur
A thriving theatre company kept the internees entertained with performances of a new play each week .	Plur
, the quarter has a population of 950 inhabitants , of whom 49.63 % are Luxembourgers .	Plur
Dawn and Jimmy visit the Osbournes to make sure that Fern is okay .	Plur
During the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primary , Massie supported Bernie Sanders .	Plur
When the virus infects milk animals it causes mastitis which reduces milk yield and the working capacity of draft animals .	Plur
A tunnel in Cambridge had rockfalls and a cut near Barnesville had landslides .	Plur
According to Grossman " [ Braude ] accuses sceptics of ignoring the evidence he believes is solid , but himself ignores evidence that does not suit him .	Plur
The reaction requires alkali metal hydroxides or alkoxides and hydrogenation catalysts such as Raney Nickel at higher temperature ( 220 ° C ) and pressure .	Plur
Since then , Hawkgirl alongside the Flash , Green Lantern and Doctor Fate formed the Wonders of the World .	Plur
The trail passes below these buttes and descends into a boulder-strewn plateau .	Plur
Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania , 447 of them received Classrooms for the Future grant awards .	Plur
Frankhouse married St. Louis native , Mabel Skiles , on January 1 , 1929 .	Plur
" The Observer " found some excellent comic set-pieces amid the grimness .	Plur
On 6 March 1988 , at Lang Park in Brisbane , the brand-new Broncos defeated the 1987 Winfield Cup Premiers Manly-Warringah 44-10 in their first premiership game .	Plur
However , Wilson quit the Firebirds on September 10 , citing " personal reasons " .	Plur
One month later on December 31 he fought Gans again in Boston , this time with the match ending in a pre-arranged draw .	Plur
The museum boasts 19 exclusive canvasses painted by the Russian painter , Nicholas Roerich .	Plur
They threw Filipinos off the Pajaro River bridge .	Plur
Two or three of " Lepanto " s torpedoes hit " Baleares " , detonating her forward magazine and sinking her .	Plur
Chasing After Ghosts was the first full-length studio album released by Sheffield based indie pop group The Crookes .	Plur
Unusual for a Condon work , it does not contain innumerable inventive and preposterous similes and metaphors .	Plur
She tracks down other stockpiles in Madripoor and New York , but Klaw already has A.I.M .	Plur
Despite producing several Anglican and evangelical sympathisers , the college retained many Catholic sympathisers .	Plur
For some reason or other , perhaps because it contains swags and Classic capitals , it has been attributed to Sir Christopher Wren .	Plur
He succeeded Lieutenant-General Sir Cedric Delves as Lieutenant of the Tower of London on 4 May 2010 .	Plur
The frame contains clasps , implying it was once hinged to a second panel .	Plur
The summation in the square brackets converges when formula _ 4 , and for those values equals formula _ 5 .	Plur
On 18 July at Winchester he contested a four-mile Sweepstakes in which he finished third to Mr Tetherington 's horse Marplot .	Plur
Plain shafted drills aren ’ t well documented and were projectile points that were reworked .	Plur
In 2013 Zlata informed the Coopers that Costel had been imprisoned .	Plur
However he immediately lost Ting and Xi prefectures as well as Luntai ( Ürümqi ) to the Kingdom of Qocho .	Plur
It houses magnetometers for measuring geomagnetic fields and varieties of radars and weather stations .	Plur
The first pair of driving wheels had no flanges .	Plur
Later some locomotives were modernized and equipped superheaters .	Plur
It also contains aquariums with images of wildlife .	Plur
Hall also drew caricatures and painted works that reflected the public taste for storytelling pictures .	Plur
Complicated local truces and agreements not to fire at each other were developed by men along the front throughout the war .	Plur
The Midway Village in Rockford , Illinois has hosted re-enactments of the Christmas Truce .	Plur
The magnolia warbler undergoes multiple molts during its lifetime .	Plur
Winter , female and immature birds all have similarly greenish-yellow uppersides and are a duller yellow below .	Plur
Other avian predators of adults have included peregrine falcons ( " Falco peregrinus " ) and merlins ( " Falco columbarius " ) .	Plur
he kept partridges and pigeons with clipped wings in his garden , allowing him to shoot them despite failing eyesight .	Plur
Party members elect their local Association Chairmen who sit on the Convention , and other local officials .	Plur
The laws of the USSR shall have the same force in all Union Republics .	Plur
Deva holds directorships of a number of Sri Lanka 's largest companies .	Plur
According to Peter Riddell , under Hodge 's leadership , the PAC has held Civil Servants to account using procedure contrary to established practice .	Plur
His productions include " Chariots of Fire " , which won the Academy Award for Best Picture .	Plur
Resnick enjoys collaborating , especially on short stories .	Plur
Almost all the southern boundary with Inverness-shire consists of a rampart of peaks , many of them Munros :	Plur
Waterfowl of all kinds frequented the sea lochs .	Plur
The county included six burghs : Cromarty , Dingwall , Fortrose , Invergordon , Stornoway and Tain .	Plur
In open areas they often form large thickets , and thrive in the open spaces under stands of red alder ( " Alnus rubra " ) .	Plur
He also holds directorships at Anheuser Busch , Anteon International and Protective Products of America .	Plur
XM607 received less than Withers expected .	Plur
In the United States , physiologists Drs .	Plur
Writing the eigenvectors of formula _ 3 in terms of those of formula _ 23 we get ,	Plur
SITA 's shared infrastructures include Airport Hubs , AirportConnect , CUTE and BagMessage Services , as well as systems for passenger processing , reservations and fares .	Plur
The Americans set up huge dredges and mined primary lode deposits .	Plur
Missions types include dogfights , escorting or disabling other vessels , convoy attacks , and strikes on capital ships .	Plur
Former residents include Grant 's zebras , shoebills , porcupines , klipspringers , waterbucks , warthogs and numerous antelopes .	Plur
See Cadmium telluride photovoltaics for more information .	Plur
His spoken word albums include " Incomplete Directions " and a collaboration with Shipp on the album " Phenomena of Interference " .	Plur
This feat has only been achieved by three films ( " Ben-Hur " , " Titanic " and " " ) all of which are considered epics .	Plur
The sister thus hired X-Factor Investigations to help her clear her name and bring Jack to justice .	Plur
As a tennis player she won the WTA Tour event Virginia Slims of San Diego and represented Great Britain in the Fed Cup and the Wightman Cup .	Plur
In this procession we can see two different pasos , it is so interesting because there is a lot of people that accompany it with palm .	Plur
Major towns in the riding include Hubbards , Chester , Western Shore , Boutiliers Point and Head of St. Margarets Bay .	Plur
The principal Lorentz invariants of the Riemann tensor are	Plur
Many challenges faced the Popes claiming primacy throughout the history of Catholicism .	Plur
shows the apostles considering a question by means of calling a Council .	Plur
On the rocks around the island sit four caissons that make up the foundations of the Forth Bridge .	Plur
Both sides shot four wides over the course of the next few minutes before Keher landed another free to give his team a three point lead .	Plur
On 24 November 2009 , football regional league club SC Verl , suspended midfielders Patrick Neumann and Tim Hagedorn from games and training .	Plur
Free throws shooting ( 21 – 25 ) helped the Red Foxes win the biggest upset of the tournament so far .	Plur
The Bonnies beat the Red Foxes 66 – 63 .	Plur
Each of the legs have five tarsi ( 5-5-4 in the Oedemeridae ) with simple claws and a single spur on the pro-tibia .	Plur
In the week leading up to the game , Pelini handed out seven Blackshirts to his defense .	Plur
The eastern part of this Enon outcrop , near Ashton , contains clasts of Dwyka tillite , fine greenish sandstone and shale pebbles .	Plur
Subordinate to the already mentioned sandstones are conglomeratic and pelitic lithologies , interpreted as channel-fill and overbank deposits , respectively .	Plur
Other notable cities in the principality include Kremenets , Lutsk , Busk , Dorogobuzh , Brest , Belz and Shumsk .	Plur
The group 's first cover version appears on this album : " Shapes of Things " , originally recorded by The Yardbirds in 1966 .	Plur
They also require regular checkups with the doctor to monitor bone displacement , signs of infection , or other issues .	Plur
He led the Knighthawks to their third straight Championship , making them second in the NLL and top of their Eastern Division .	Plur
The same year , Bob and his son Sande created the unsold game show " Twisters " .	Plur
In a 1 – 4 defeat to Ittihad on 30 September he also assisted teammate Faris .	Plur
Each had four barbs at 90 ° .	Plur
The crystals reached up to 1 mm long , the barbs up to 0.2 mm wide .	Plur
Torak swims to safety , and he , Renn , and Wolf return to the forest as the Seals warn everyone Off the juniper berries .	Plur
Examples outside the United States and Canada include Barcelona 's " BCN Mes " .	Plur
Thus , turtle hunting qualifies as a costly signal .	Plur
Costly signalling theory explains seemingly wasteful foraging displays .	Plur
Miguel shouted curses at Huberty , who approached and killed him with a shot to the head .	Plur
Occasionally , Huberty blurted justifications as he shot his victims .	Plur
The station was renamed Dundas at this time .	Plur
( For this " personal a " , see Spanish prepositions . )	Plur
The Taunton Cider Company had produced traditional ciders from 1905 in Norton Fitzwarren , and became a limited company in 1921 .	Plur
However , the book contained no major scoops .	Plur
He argues that politicians and pundits stir the " Cons " to action by evoking certain issues , such as abortion , immigration , and taxation .	Plur
By portraying themselves as champions of the conservatives on these issues , the politicians can get " Cons " to vote them into office .	Plur
The success of the gramophone at the beginning of the 20th century allowed Canadian songwriters to broaden their potential audiences .	Plur
During their first season , the California Seals were renamed the Oakland Seals .	Plur
We also make attributions of our own behavior .	Plur
Similar to the fundamental attribution error , we may overestimate external attributions for our own behavior and underestimate internal attributions .	Plur
Irene married the " porphyrogennetos " Constantine Palaiologos , the third son of Michael VIII .	Plur
After the defeat of the Spanish Armada , three captured Spanish admirals and their retinue were held at Esher for over five years .	Plur
" Ovachlamys fulgens " was originally discovered and described as " Macrochlamys fulgens " by the British malacologist Gerard Pierre Laurent Kalshoven Gude in 1900 .	Plur
In the mid-season finale , Mona invites the Liars to her birthday party , but uninvites Hanna after " A " sends her a fake message .	Plur
Alex discloses to having engaged in a romantic relationship with Wren after Melissa began dating a composer sometime around the fifth season .	Plur
Tcpcrypt enforces TCP timestamps and adds its own TCP options to each data packet , amounting to 36 bytes per packet compared to plain TCP .	Plur
We later witness the four Liars and Mona driving back to Rosewood .	Plur
Article R413-17 of the Code de la route provide some clarifications regarding the speed limits .	Plur
One of the offered pay raises was only for teachers on the " seniority " system , and to accept it would have split the union .	Plur
On his retirement from professional football , he joined Prescot Cables and was granted a benefit match in April 1951 .	Plur
In 2013 , Galco 's carried 108 different diet sodas , 68 cream sodas , and 61 root beers .	Plur
He consumed brownies laced with medicinal marijuana .	Plur
In Bengal people call the Nabadwip ras Shakta ras or Raskali puja or Patapurnima .	Plur
By 1971 , to help attract workers , the Hong Kong government offered various perks .	Plur
The next six countries were awarded two sleds each .	Plur
The waterfall over flows during the monsoons , wherein the water gushes slowly and calmly during the summers .	Plur
The next four countries were awarded two sleds each .	Plur
Each fruit head has 70 to 95 drupes .	Plur
Prestige Ossy hails from the Agboji community of Abiriba in Ohafia L.G.A of Abia State .	Plur
The analysis compared the infant 's genomes with both ancient and contemporary genomes .	Plur
The song interpolates " I Thought She Knew " by NSYNC from their 2000 album , " No Strings Attached " .	Plur
" The College supports psychiatrists in fully exploring their patient ’ s	Plur
Groups espousing such pseudolegal beliefs include freemen on the land and the sovereign citizen movement .	Plur
The EIC later paid £ 6401 19s 2d for her hire .	Plur
In order to strike mobile phones on their " neta " , he also carries three chargers around .	Plur
In many respects , she merely tolerated the Mormons because she loved her husband and wanted to support him even if she failed to share his interest .	Plur
They include repetitiveness , salience , homologousness , and resources .	Plur
Financial records include invoices , bank statements , and copies of written checks .	Plur
Viruses from the two families have linear dsDNA genomes and share up to nine genes .	Plur
Viruses from the two families have linear dsDNA genomes and share up to nine genes .	Plur
The U.S. also received smaller indemnities from Sweden , Denmark , and Russia .	Plur
Additionally , Van Buren had helped select Jackson 's cabinet appointees and enjoyed strong working relationships with them .	Plur
By 1836 , Anglo-Americans outnumbered Hispanics in Texas by a two-to-one margin , and the American settlers continued to hold slaves despite a Mexican law barring slavery .	Plur
Cass 's nomination alienated many northerners and southerners , each of whom saw Cass as insufficiently committed to their position on the slavery issue .	Plur
Polk biographers over the years have sized up the magnitude of Polk 's achievements and his legacy , particularly his two most recent .	Plur
Webster had outraged his Massachusetts constituents by supporting the compromise , and he was unlikely to win election another term in the Senate in 1851 .	Plur
The White House refused both subpoenas , citing executive privilege once more .	Plur
They had front and rear winches , outriggers , boom braces , chocks , block and tackle , oxygen-acetylene torches , and other automotive tools .	Plur
After twenty months , Cuba released the captured exiles in exchange for $ 53 million worth of food and medicine .	Plur
The Amarillo branch of the Rock Island and Gulf Railway bypassed Plemons , routing to the north .	Plur
In this bay you can find several boathouses which had been dug in the soft limestone .	Plur
Cantabrian stelae include swastikas , triskeles , crosses , spirals , helixes , warriors or pre-Roman funerary representations among their usual ornamentation .	Plur
Southern Recipe makes pork rinds in various flavors including ; Original , Hot & Spicy , Salt & Vinegar , Bar-B-Q and Sweet BBQ .	Plur
He hired native Hawaiians including Joseph Kawainui , and fellow Americans John Mott-Smith , Samuel Garner Wilder , and Thomas George Thrum .	Plur
In addition , veterans may ask their treating clinicians to complete a DBQ and possibly bypass the need for a C & P exam .	Plur
She only sees the extremes : extreme wealthy and extreme poverty .	Plur
The prosecutors charged 1,282 fugitives with work-related crimes in 2010 .	Plur
With these figures it beat " Family Fortunes " , which achieved a consolidated rating of only 5.39 million viewers .	Plur
A senior investigator notified Secretary of State John Foster Dulles that " Reber has made a lot of admissions " about homosexuality .	Plur
Those forms of silica that are molybdate-reactive include dissolved simple silicates , monomeric silica and silicic acid , and an undetermined fraction of polymeric silica .	Plur
They may carry torches , radios , whistles and first aid kits on duty belts .	Plur
They do not carry batons or CS gas .	Plur
The gemstone lapis lazuli and the mineral lazurite ( from which the pigment ultramarine is derived ) contain .	Plur
Jury faced Chad Mendes on July 14 , 2018 at UFC Fight Night 133 .	Plur
More specifically he put the Psalms into verse using the Javanese tone scale " tembung " .	Plur
Flora includes camellias , daffodils , magnolias , Norfolk Island Pine , and roses .	Plur
The subtropical section of the garden includes the aloes and phoenix palms .	Plur
This use of punctuation to separate adverbs has precedents in Burlington No .	Plur
He never received the lashes though and after a year , his sentence was dropped and he was once again free .	Plur
Scotty died a respected elderly townsmen of Upington during the 1919 flu epidemic .	Plur
A disgruntled employee has scattered the takings all over the fairground in the form of money bags .	Plur
Other gifts to the monks may include basic utensils , toiletries , writing materials , and food .	Plur
Under the name The Verge , Virgil Howe produced the " Yes Remixes " album , released 2003 .	Plur
Following a name the team contest , the franchise was dubbed the Bridgewater Lumberjacks .	Plur
The original cast included Welles , Christopher Lee , Kenneth Williams , Joan Plowright , Patrick McGoohan , Gordon Jackson , Peter Sallis , and Wensley Pithey .	Plur
The service , managed by Boreal Transport , runs busses between Trysil and Oslo several times per day .	Plur
Some became settled sharecroppers , who would work a portion of the land in return for a share of the crop , while others were itinerant workers .	Plur
This district includes the western four-fifths of Cincinnati , and borders both Kentucky and Indiana .	Plur
Each beat owner determines if he or she will fund a health and / or retirement plan for Assistant Patrol Special Police Officers .	Plur
The Cramer laboratory also uses functional genomics and computational biology approaches to study the principles of transcription in living cells .	Plur
While with the League , they confront the Extremists , robotic duplicates of the entities who had destroyed their world .	Plur
The tanks and filter system , totaling some 81,000 gallons of fresh-water , can accommodate 5 adult manatees and 10 calves in rehabilitation .	Plur
The BONUS base bleed carrier shell contains two submunitions , which descend over the battlefield on winglets and attack hardened targets with explosively formed penetrator warheads .	Plur
After the submunition is released it opens two winglets .	Plur
Both Generals wanted payoffs for allowing gambling , opium dealing , smuggling , and the importation of essential medicines .	Plur
Natural habitats for this plant include fens , wetland edges , and the shores and floodplains of rivers and lakes .	Plur
Other one engaged in similar B2B was Labels in partnership with DHL for international delivery of products from Pakistan .	Plur
A fortnight later , in early January 2007 , the police arrested 5 Ahmadis from major industrial cities of Jubail and Dammam in the Eastern Province .	Plur
Other features include grabens , troughs and lineaments .	Plur
Almeida next faced Albert Morales on November 19 , 2016 at UFC Fight Night 100 .	Plur
This version entered several subsequent hymnals .	Plur
Meanwhile , Iraqi forces continued dismantling IEDs and other booby traps left behind by ISIL in the city .	Plur
Neil Lennon signed former Hibs striker Leigh Griffiths on transfer deadline day in January 2014 , as well as Stefan Johansen earlier in the month .	Plur
The property has a homestead , guest accommodation , a dry-weather airstrip , staff quarters and steel stockyards .	Plur
It includes both rental and homeownership townhouses , semi-detached homes , apartments and a community center .	Plur
Shortly after she contacted more Spanish libertarian exiles in France and helped refound the Mujeres Libres magazine .	Plur
Following it , he founded a group of young Canadian artists called the Coopérative des Petits Dessins .	Plur
The latter then demanded the remaining holdouts of the Fastaqim Union to surrender their weapons , leading to a clash .	Plur
The business sold Dunlop Tires and also provided vulcanizing , road service , washing , greasing and oil .	Plur
Both cars have front brake ducts larger than those allowed by the rules .	Plur
Angel surrenders and Gerrard puts the baby down , but the baby crawls toward the edge .	Plur
One of his most successful personnel moves was hiring Tony Waiters as head coach .	Plur
" Managing the Details of an Undertaking	Plur
However , late in the second period , the Jets had back-to-back breakaways on the same shift , and goalie Bill Ranford stopped them both .	Plur
The haploid gametophyte then produces gametes , which may fuse to form a diploid zygote , and finally an embryo .	Plur
These in turn produce the male gametophytes and female gametophytes	Plur
Hassan Ngeze in 1990 created the " Hutu Ten Commandments " that served as the basis of Hutu Power ideology .	Plur
He published the " Hutu Ten Commandments " , which included the following :	Plur
Tashi later sees several psychiatrists because she goes crazy due to the trauma she has suffered before finding the strength to act .	Plur
4 SAAF lost three P-40s and two pilots captured .	Plur
The Germans claimed 27 B-24s and were credited with 21 .	Plur
III " Gruppe " claimed 12 B-24s for two losses .	Plur
JG 27 claimed four B-17s , one B-24 and one P-38 for no loss .	Plur
On 14 June Heinrich Bartels , who was an established fighter leader four as the unit claimed eight P-47s and a pair of B-17s without loss .	Plur
One example , a master animator uses the VAS to make animation history and demonstrate a first human " walk cycle " for his students .	Plur
The Centre can appoint arbitrators through its Arbitral Appointments Committee .	Plur
The Centre published its Directions and Guidance for the appointment of arbitrators in December 2014 .	Plur
WWOC numbered their LHS 1 and registered it MBO1F .	Plur
On September 20 , 2009 , the Windy City Rollers defeated the Mad Rollin ' Dolls ( Dairyland Dolls ) 150-56 in the North Central championship bout .	Plur
The Detroit Derby Girls beat the Cincinnati Rollergirls ( Black Sheep ) 126-62 to place 3rd .	Plur
The New York City off-Broadway group , " The Ensemble Studio Theater " , produced his play " Cousins " .	Plur
HMS " Hermes " was undergoing repairs in Trincomalee harbour in April 1942 .	Plur
A Japanese reconnaissance plane spotted " Hermes " off Batticaloa , and 70 Japanese bombers attacked the defenceless " Hermes " forty times .	Plur
Animals ( and sometimes people ) fear her checkups .	Plur
Gearon describes " The Last Storytellers " as a " charming , fantastical and lively collection " .	Plur
Greek and Roman art depicts deities driving two-yoke chariots drawn by a number of animals .	Plur
When deployed they always have laterals off the trunk line that allow water to be used at any point in the progression of the hose lay .	Plur
The Stalker has two underwing hardpoints outboard of the landing gear for military ordnance .	Plur
Ayyadurai 's claims drew editorial clarifications and corrections , as well as criticism from industry observers .	Plur
The rear fuselage , beginning just behind the open cockpit and the trailing edge of the wing , was built around four longerons .	Plur
The fuselage tapered rearwards to a mid set tailplane and fin .	Plur
With the bat , he ended Middlesex 's first-innings unbeaten on 5 , while in their second-innings he was dismissed for a duck by Edward Barratt .	Plur
In November 2013 , Healing Heroes Network launched its " Outdoors for Heroes Sweepstakes " .	Plur
In July 2014 , " Get The Bikes " returned in the " 2014 Get The Bikes Sweepstakes " .	Plur
As such DERICHEBOURG Multiservices includes 112 nationalities and a number of employees with disabilities above the regulation .	Plur
IVM collects " in situ " data about ions in the local environment around the spacecraft , whereas EUV and FUV are cameras .	Plur
Some companies farm in sunlit greenhouses instead of artificially lighted aquariums .	Plur
The degree to which critics believe Austen 's characters have psychological depth informs their views regarding her realism .	Plur
Austen 's irony illuminates the foibles of individual characters and her society .	Plur
In 1951 it was spinning Egyptian yarns of counts 60 to 100 , using both ring and twist spindles .	Plur
State Transport Department can employ more Buses between Rohini to Howrah and Kolkata .	Plur
Offering generous inducements for staff to leave led to record losses of , to the cost of taxpayers but to the benefit of the future privatised company .	Plur
The archdeaconry includes five deaneries .	Plur
He also settled the squabbles that had halted construction on the Administration Building which opened in December 1910 during his watch .	Plur
Examples of meat on the bone include T-bone steaks , chops , spare ribs , chicken leg portions and whole chicken .	Plur
( Law Tripos ) and an LL.B.at Cambridge University , at Trinity College .	Plur
The archdeaconry includes seven deaneries .	Plur
In 1970 , Anderson mixed the first truly multitrack dubs at Dynamic Sounds .	Plur
The Cincinnati Buckeyes serve as a modern-day rival to the club 's other team , the Cincinnati Red Stockings .	Plur
the 9.9 SoC has tie-ups with TV and Radio studios for practical sessions .	Plur
Anthopoulos joined the Toronto Blue Jays in late 2003 , as their scouting coordinator .	Plur
Shook its immortal sparkles out of heaven .	Plur
In 1978 , Thompson saved Fantagraphics from bankruptcy by pouring his inheritance into the company 's financial coffers .	Plur
Besting the Achaeans , capturing four and sinking one , the remaining five ran back home .	Plur
He led the Down under-21s to a Ulster title in 2005 , beating Cavan 2-14 to 2-12 .	Plur
The archdeaconry includes seven deaneries .	Plur
Dunkerton held off the Escorts to win .	Plur
Climbers do not seek their personal glories but the whole country 's .	Plur
The Jewish population in Palestine vigorously protested the Regulations after they were first issued .	Plur
Since 1990 , Connelly has directed the NYU Yeronisos Island Excavations and Field School just off western Cyprus .	Plur
Michael was also the showrunner of the TV hit " Impractical Jokers . "	Plur
) , and requires DFS and TPC capabilities on 5.470 – 5.725 below or equal to 1000mW ( e.i.r.p. ) .	Plur
The Senator Course at RTJ Capitol Hill converted its greens from bent grass to Champion Bermuda grass in the summer of 2011 .	Plur
Bridge and Bridge Without currently elect two commoners to the Court of Common Council .	Plur
They called these device-independent bitmaps or DIBs , and the file format for them is called DIB file format or BMP file format .	Plur
A ten-line grid would permit tenths to be measured .	Plur
This eventually causes 4 termination codons and 3 alternatively spliced forms to be in use .	Plur
Such recruiting meetings may introduce divisiveness and tend to separate young children into cliques that undermine the school 's educational mission .	Plur
Ashbrook allegedly would then give neck or back rubs , hugs , and " creepy " sex talks after criticism or critical comment .	Plur
Male spiders have specialized pedipalps that are used to transfer sperm to the female during mating .	Plur
Spiders do not have powerful chelicerae , but secrete digestive fluids into their prey from a series of ducts perforating their chelicerae .	Plur
Foreclosed homeowners also contact lenders to inquire about refinancing options .	Plur
These state laws require adequate disclosures , capped fees , and an ability to pay on behalf of the consumer .	Plur
He scored 48 knockouts , and was stopped only once by Gene Tunney on June 5 , 1925 .	Plur
" Restless " will show new musical orientations , featuring industrial elements .	Plur
He owns a production company called Autumn Leaves which he named after his daughter .	Plur
In addition to these letters , Syldavian also contains several digraphs and letters for which the pronunciation is uncertain :	Plur
In opposing phase , it decreases about 3 decibels .	Plur
Finally , on August 20 , the government ordered curfews and deployed the military to quell the riots .	Plur
President of GCI , Clair Hain , Jr . , commended the Finnish carpenters for their remarkable chainsaw skills .	Plur
( The organization has never provided abortions . )	Plur
Using alternate fingerings and adjusting the embouchure help correct the pitch of these notes .	Plur
These give the player alternative fingerings that make it easy to play ornaments and trills .	Plur
The town survived the Hussites , who burned almost the entire town Center and castle , but it quickly helped recover its former glory .	Plur
Chylomicrons carry fats from the intestine to muscle and other tissues in need of fatty acids for energy or fat production .	Plur
The original chromosome and the copy are now called sister chromatids .	Plur
The microtubules then pull the chromatids apart toward the centrosomes , so that each daughter cell inherits one set of chromatids .	Plur
It classifies carcinogens into two categories , of which the first may be divided again into subcategories if so desired by the competent regulatory authority :	Plur
It classifies carcinogens into two groups :	Plur
This mechanism substantially increases the fracture toughness of such ceramics .	Plur
Other common words for this cycle include " begets " , " engenders " and " mothers " .	Plur
Sandy 's winds drove storm surges into streets and cut power to 98 percent of homes and businesses , with more than $ 360 million in damage .	Plur
The monastery produced sixty-three apostles who carried his rule , together with the Gospel , into France , Germany , Switzerland , and Italy .	Plur
Unhappy and lonely as a teacher at Roe Head , Brontë took out her sorrows in poetry , writing a series of melancholic poems .	Plur
Half of Cessna 's workforce remained laid-off and CEO Jack Pelton stated that he expected the recovery to be long and slow .	Plur
Animals that depend solely on animal flesh for their nutrient requirements are called obligate carnivores while those that also consume non-animal food are called facultative carnivores .	Plur
Posidonius described the southern Gauls about 100 BC .	Plur
Here men were dredging harbors , there they laid	Plur
Beyond these more settled Berbers and the Punic farming towns and rural manors , lived the independent Berber tribes , who were mostly pastoralists .	Plur
Other vendors , e.g. , IBM , use the WCS to run microcode for emulator features and hardware diagnostics .	Plur
In book three , Adomnán describes different apparitions of the Saint , both that Colmcille receives and those that are seen by others regarding him .	Plur
Conditional proofs exist linking several otherwise unproven conjectures , so that a proof of one conjecture may immediately imply the validity of several others .	Plur
If they 're looking for vintage McCarry , though , this will produce unhappy campers .	Plur
Marines with restricted mobility such as vehicle operators , or a greater need for mobility such as squad leaders , were also issued M4 carbines .	Plur
His coalition argued that the weapons ban infringes on the rights of law-abiding gun owners .	Plur
Taking the dismantled train home , he enlists his bar buddies and Reverend Lovejoy to help him refurbish it .	Plur
Feeling as though he is betraying his character he throws cupcakes ( the same from earlier on in the episode ) at Lisa 's window .	Plur
The two-thirds figure applies to one element of one country 's grant – the single most extreme example in the world .	Plur
The stadium opened in 2000 and features chair-back bleachers and individual seats with a capacity for 1,051 fans .	Plur
Mr. Chaze , himself a former city editor for a Mississippi paper , knows the ins and outs of the news room .	Plur
She made three sailings a week to the islands and from 1898 onwards , during the Summer , she made three sailings a week to Ballyvaughan .	Plur
He also posted a below-average 21 repetitions in the 225 lb bench press .	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
After the recent delimitation , Nagarjuna Sagar Assembly Constituency comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
After the recent delimitation , Huzurnagar Assembly Constituency comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
After the recent delimitation , Kodad Assembly Constituency comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Suryapet Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
DiffEngineX compares two Excel spreadsheets and reports their differences .	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Hueneosauria contain the more derived ichthyosaurs , which have the morphology of a fish .	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
The Assembly Constituency presently comprises the following Mandals :	Plur
In grid-connected photovoltaic power system , arrays can form sub-fields from which electricity is collected and transported towards the grid connection .	Plur
A femtocell performs many of the function of a Node B , but is optimized for deployment in the indoor premises and small coverage public hotspots .	Plur
He helped Hibernians to another third-place finish in the Maltese Premier League , with Caruana going on to make four appearances , without scoring and goals .	Plur
Each player has two tank-style analog joysticks , each with a finger and thumb trigger .	Plur
He also selected more aggressive submarine skippers .	Plur
He claimed that unlike saline enemas , coffee in the enema traveled through the smooth muscle of the small intestine , and into the liver .	Plur
( Popo and Pipi are children ’ s language – Popo means “ buttocks ” and Pipi means “ urine ” . )	Plur
Other castes include sheikhs , khokhar , taili , nai , and kumhars .	Plur
Squirrel Brand made Cocoanut Zippers .	Plur
In addition , after the siege of Mesembria , the Bulgarians captured 36 copper siphons which the Byzantines used to throw the famous Greek fire .	Plur
During the siege of Adrianople in 1207 , Emperor Kaloyan had 33 catapults and an engineer corps which was tasked with destroying the city walls .	Plur
Mikhail Youzhny / Mischa Zverev defeated Lukáš Dlouhý / Leander Paes , 3 – 6 , 6 – 4 , [ 10 – 3 ]	Plur
He has also represented the Christie 's art auctioneers in Ireland .	Plur
His excessive drinking brought several reprimands .	Plur
After the dance , she invited the colonizers to a feast .	Plur
In 1966 they used a theodolite and aneroid barometers to establish spot heights of mountain peaks between Brachina Gorge and Parachilna Gorge , in the Flinders Ranges .	Plur
It may not give you the shivers , but it won 't directly disappoint you either . "	Plur
He witnessed Mies van der Rohe ’ s at the Wessenhof-Siedlung housing colony at Stuttgart , Germany , and the 1931 building exhibition in Berlin .	Plur
Dr. Krishna Kant Shukla 's PhD work is titled " Calculations of Electron Effective Mass based on 3-D Kroenig Penny Model with Application to Solids " .	Plur
The residual phase term adds only minor perturbations to this characteristic within the frequency range formula _ 22 .	Plur
His service included postings both inside and outside of the Soviet Union , to include a stint as the	Plur
These included " Birthday Offering " , " Illuminations " , " Les Rendezvous " , " Sinfonietta " , and " Valses nobles et sentimentales " .	Plur
After her career with WCPO she founded her own video production business , " Video Features " , in 1982 .	Plur
His father and uncle became clothiers .	Plur
The series sets up some interesting revelations in the hour ’ s final moments .	Plur
" Mags Kirkham left the Lib Dems in April 2016 to become an Independent politician . "	Plur
Customers bring dōjinshi to the store , which buys some or all of them and then sells them again to new customers .	Plur
Regular season comprises 11 matchdays played from October to March through a one-leg format .	Plur
The IBA regularly supports over 20,000 waterbirds , including 4000 to 15,000 waders and over 10,000 nesting seabirds .	Plur
Some writers like William Stukeley regarded the Iron Age druids as proto-Christians who were monotheists worshiping the Christian God .	Plur
( b ) the tenement comprises two or more tenements that –	Plur
This applies mainly to newly completed tenements or tenements which have undergone structural alterations .	Plur
Works of art decorate the foyers of the meeting centre .	Plur
In 1906 , he married Jessie Clara Hollands .	Plur
It includes mini-games like wingsuit races and the destruction frenzy mode , in which new objectives and challenges are unlocked when the player destroys an enemy base .	Plur
He joined Saracens full-time from 1 July 2009 .	Plur
