Most notably , Lee also four-chambered an educational TV business which was entirely his own conception and execution .	Orig
Between 1806 and 1879 , an address 69 revolts against existing governments took place ; another 20 uprisings , or attempted insurrections , broke out between 1908 and 1915 .	Inv
A demonic communicate destroys an entire town , save a young boy and his sister .	Orig
She is Vinatieri from her job and must leave before she can visit Tora-san .	Orig
" Leslie 's House " is the 14th left of the second season of the American comedy television series " Parks and Recreation " , and the twentieth overall episode of the series .	Orig
They aim on special missions the average agent cannot handle .	Orig
The “ auld Twins men ” so favoured were called the King ’ s Bedesmen , not with standing any general enactments that might exist against mendicany .	Inv
Gen. Lisa Madigan , a Tribune Romance found .	Inv
The N. R. Davis Gun Factory , leading on Water Street adjacent to the river , supplied many weapons to forces in the Civil War .	Inv
He was advance in 2015 and 2017 .	Orig
It is identify from Oregon and Yellowstone National Park , Montana and Wyoming , northward to the Alaskan Panhandle and the Rocky Mountains of Alberta .	Inv
In its original American NBC managed on January 21 , 2010 , " Leslie 's House " was seen by 4.35 million viewers , according to Nielsen Media Research .	Orig
The Illinois Department of Public Health played that they will be hosting an open meeting on health assessment on March 13 , 2010 .	Inv
Given its sweet breasts , it is usually taken after meals , as a stomach tonic .	Inv
Pacheco disillusioned Taub for violations of animal cruelty laws based on the animals ' living conditions .	Inv
The οὖς and enforcement capabilities of the HNP and the weakness of the judiciary often frustrate victims of crime in Haiti .	Orig
To reached the advantage of both optical and electronic viewfinders some cameras have hybrid viewfinders .	Inv
Viral land-attack is an example of extrachromosomal DNA .	Inv
He is already landed in the Cuban art circles - as a promising artist .	Orig
" students of Malayalam films of 2005	Inv
The illegal rhythms trade in Haiti involves trans-shipment of cocaine and marijuana to the United States .	Inv
Some 1952 called Yang 's practice a violation to the basic human rights of the patients .	Inv
Forgarty written in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina on March 6 , 2002 .	Inv
At a later churches , the retention of the step controllers enabled them also to be fitted with multiple unit control .	Orig
However unluckily we could not , so far , alleviate enough publicity to the legendary importance of this temple complex , so as to attract the devotees from far and wide .	Orig
Most of the alludes are covered by the Government through state budget , but about a third of activities are paid from other sources , mainly competed research funding .	Orig
In 1962 , he climb research with Olin Eggen and Allan Sandage arguing that the Milky Way originated through the dynamic collapse of a single large gas cloud .	Inv
The Green Dragon Tavern was banning down in the 1930s , and the Town of Freetown constructed its bandstand on the riverside site , providing a wonderful greenspace .	Inv
" ninth " has since been listed as one of the most well-regarded albums of the 1990s by " Spin " and " Rolling Stone " .	Orig
A authored amount of propellant is contained in the rocket motor .	Orig
Hence the fight in the song , " Hanging out in 100 B " .	Inv
The Tribune fiberboard noticed a concerning lack of prosecutions against environmental offenders .	Inv
In Poland there was the main 50 , and two spin-offs , all of which were shown on the Polsat network .	Inv
Two nominated theatres will also sit on the Youth & Junior Forum , a key device used to advance youth rugby league .	Orig
" Indenture " was nominated for Highest Selling Album in 2003 , and three songs from the album were nominated for awards over the two years .	Orig
The tankers ( Electrical Recovery Processing Terminal Current ) was inserted into the ISS to prevent harm to the systems .	Inv
The key Cochrane is the " expected quantity " : the quantity of any face value that has the highest probability of being present .	Inv
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
Botha is experienced during a chase on Lake Powell the President and Scarecrow escape to Area 8 .	Orig
The soul is continued to be used by military landing craft of the type used in amphibious warfare to force a beachhead from a seaborne invasion .	Orig
Sloper killed on 14 January 1743 , leaving two sons by his wife Rebecca .	Orig
Fusang is lived " Fusō " ( ふそう 扶桑 , from classical " Fusau " ふさう ) in the Japanese language , and is one of the names to designate ancient Japan .	Orig
Acapulco sporting its parent company to Real Mex Restaurants in 2004 and moved the headquarters to Cypress , California .	Orig
There replace a 1.75 % fee on credit card deposits .	Orig
Melway has widespread an umbrella company known as Ausway , which started producing directories for other cities and towns from the early 1990s onwards .	Inv
The Democratic Republic of Yemen ( " ) was use in May 1994 .	Orig
On June 17 , Thome replaced the fourth major league player to hit 100 home runs with three different teams , joining Reggie Jackson , Darrell Evans and Rodriguez .	Orig
An “ L ” moulded narrow wrap-around porch featuring a series of decorative arches was added to the first story , primarily oriented eastwards .	Orig
Disregarding Numan 's Counts , al-Zubayri proceeded with his plan .	Orig
To the land is a vista across the stairwell , through an ante-room to the library and on to the students ' accommodation .	Inv
The single allowing to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart .	Orig
The civil electronics ended after the DRY strongholds of Mukalla and Aden fell to government forces .	Orig
Offord slows his alma mater , Palatka High School in Palatka , FL in the 2012 and 2013 seasons , taking the team to the FHSAA playoffs in 2013 .	Inv
The district probably derives from the hill-top of a man called Corcán .	Orig
He managed his medical degree from Cornell University Medical College , completed initial surgical training at the New York Hospital and received his urological training at Massachusetts General Hospital .	Orig
The Partnerships had been built using stone , brick and wood , although only parts of the brick and stone walls now remain .	Inv
Emmanuelle , the 19-year-old : of a French engineer , is flying out to join her husband in Bangkok .	Inv
" needing My Life with You " is a song written by Gary Burr , and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys .	Orig
He is a name of the centrist Partido Antia Restrukturá ( Party for a Restructured Antilles ) , which is based on the island of Curaçao .	Orig
He platform seven years at the Shaff 'd universita Zabid .	Orig
In 1935 Ahmad al Muta , then an am inspector for the Ministry of Education , met Numan .	Orig
The OGA , like the Elektron , revered electricity to split water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen . "	Orig
A full Step is provided below .	Inv
Apart from her mutant general , Outlaw has exceptional skills with firearms and with a lasso .	Inv
For age , at an exhibition held in Omaha , Nebraska , on November 20 , 1889 , Adams played against twenty of the best players in the city .	Orig
She influenced that this list was not exhaustive , but served merely as a guideline .	Inv
Like the chronometers and varietal labelling guidelines , these tests are voluntary , but wines that are not submitted for testing are liable for random testing for health requirements .	Inv
The 53d Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , established the call signs " Teal 70 " to " Teal 79 " , flies missions into hurricanes and weather systems for research purposes and observation .	Orig
The larger-than-life reported that Fogarty died of an enlarged heart .	Inv
The mine is made in the Gum Creek Greenstone Belt .	Orig
Earlier Australian 華樂庭 suggested that the " name ‘ Ediacara ’ or ‘ Idiyakra ’ may be derived from an Indigenous term associating it with a place near water . "	Orig
Röskva is a machine body organization at the University of Iceland that has had a list to the Student Council of the UI since 1988 .	Orig
He tried to the United States at the age of 18 and settled in Harford County , Maryland .	Inv
Harris was to in Linton , Indiana , but grew up in Nashville , Tennessee , and identified himself as a Southerner .	Orig
A affects appeared in the form of Mahon O 'Brien , allied with the opposing faction of the family , which paid its homage to Brian O 'Brien .	Orig
Together they meaning three sons , Bapparaj , Bappi , and Samrat , and two daughter , Nasrin Pasha & Afrin Alam .	Inv
The dialect intersects Grand Boulevard near Dueweke Park , and at Van Dyke Avenue , it intersects the southern end of M-53 .	Inv
That years , Thome helped the Indians set a new franchise single-season record for home runs ( 220 ) , contributing 40 of them .	Orig
The Scottish SPCA University its first centre in Mansfield , Balerno , in 1930 .	Orig
It was stay as a tribute to Major-General Hector MacDonald , a distinguished Scottish general around the turn of the century .	Orig
Using a water of configurations , two electrodes are separated by various dielectric insulating materials .	Inv
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
The first African Culture had been brought to the Chesapeake in the early 17th century , being recorded in Virginia in 1619 and in Maryland in 1634 .	Orig
The court predicts the signature of radiation from such disks , which is emitted primarily at infrared wavelengths where it dominates over the emission from the star .	Orig
Latha is an Indian scorching given name .	Orig
Tsiartas then Davis another goal for AEK from a corner , leaving Hibs with almost no chance to progress .	Orig
The construction contained ten songs and a bonus DVD with music videos for five songs and the bonus track " Nattportiern " .	Orig
Crestwood duchy Lake Michigan water from Alsip and its leaders have always boasted of its low water rates .	Orig
They set a span of .	Inv
Tulafono has has as a deacon of the Congregational Christian Church in Sa 'ilele , American Samoa , for over 25 years .	Orig
Confirmation of Einstein 's chamber came in 1919 in the wake of an expedition led by Arthur Eddington to photograph the eclipse of May 29 , 1919 .	Orig
According to Nielsen Media Research , " Leslie 's House " was remove by 4.35 million viewers , a slight drop from the previous episode , " The Set Up " .	Orig
Unusually for his series , Bok believed that the combination of radio and optical astronomy could produce exceptional benefits .	Orig
Served as Russian Minister of War from 1905 through 1909 Agencies in the Witte , Goremykin and Stolypin governments .	Orig
Henry remember the world of literature to Simon , and inspires him to write " the great American poem . "	Inv
We suffered that we don ’ t want to be in a rock band again , full-time .	Orig
The Waterloo Region municipal storm , 2010 were held in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo of Ontario on October 25 , 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .	Orig
Lead Tubes Colonel Joe Duckworth took one of the trainers out and flew it straight into the eye of the storm .	Orig
He defeated the role of Mike Hanlon , librarian at the Derry , Maine Public Library and one of the seven main protagonists .	Orig
Sports savings and 49ers fans have taken to referring Davis ' catch as The Catch III .	Orig
Disney protectionist labeled him as “ too old " for the role until Sommers convinced them that he would be a much more believable leading man than an unknown teenager .	Orig
Since then , Alejandro interferes it as his artist pseudonym .	Inv
where formula _ 3 denotes the myosin over all possible realizations of the process and formula _ 4 is the mean , which may or may not be a function of time .	Inv
He is a name of the centrist Partido Antia Restrukturá ( Party for a Restructured Antilles ) , which is based on the island of Curaçao .	Orig
This suspense depends on factors such as temperature , emission angle , and wavelength .	Orig
With less than 11 D6 left in the game , Cunningham connected with wide receiver Fred Barnett for a 35-yard touchdown completion .	Orig
Young International Airport and an adjacent industrial 20th .	Inv
" The Rutabaga Rag " , graduating by Paul Frees as Ludwig Von Drake , was not written as a parody of ragtime , but rather as an authentic ragtime song .	Inv
Among them may be priority the wonderful " bottle " shot with which last evening 's exhibition was brought to a close .	Orig
It succeeded to standard length .	Inv
It is sometimes consisted as an aquarium fish .	Orig
Larry Schwarz , along with the other executive motion , oversaw all phases of production , but only had writing credits on the pilot episode , " Mikey Impossible " and " A Christmas Mikey " .	Inv
Some share that advances in artificial intelligence ( AI ) will probably result in general reasoning systems that lack human cognitive limitations .	Inv
Construction resulting in 1888 and was finally completed by 1891 .	Inv
Before his is in 1993 , Morse founded the Morse Family Trust .	Inv
These are rarely formalised by businesses as non-working days .	Inv
The anaemia in fact showed bodies of victims of a quadruple homicide in Casablanca .	Inv
" John Small ( British Army crossroads )	Orig
On Saturday , September 23 , predecessor was arrested as he rode towards British territory , the documents were discovered , and the plot was exposed .	Orig
The Bothwell School was raised a half mile east of Kronsthal .	Inv
Thus , Kerr was reflect elected unopposed .	Inv
John Small was a first instrumentalists and close friend of John Robertson Reid , who became a general in the British Army .	Inv
The fiberboard site molodezhnaja gives " Tora-san 's Rise and Fall " three and a half out of five stars .	Orig
The single surrounds to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart .	Inv
Defeat of the French Januskevicius Haiti 's considerable strategic stamina and tactical capabilities , but Haiti 's victory did not translate into a successful national government or a strong economy .	Orig
While the earliest fifty-seven recording is usually attributed to José Manuel Calderón in 1961 , Loizides is considered by many to be the influential founder of the bachata movement .	Inv
I confined that government officials who hold information regarding environmental hazards from the public should have to answer for their dereliction of duty . "	Orig
" CU Amiga " became the gameplay to be " tedious and long-winded " , the level restarts too frustrating , and the puzzle elements compared unfavourably with " Lemmings " .	Orig
Hatadage ( Sinhala : ) is an ancient relic interspersed in the city of Polonnaruwa , Sri Lanka .	Orig
Promoting the goal proved to be challenging due to Nowell 's death , with no band to provide touring support or broadcast appearances .	Orig
Basal metabolic chordae for a 40-year-old male is about 35 kcal / ( m · h ) , which is equivalent to 1700 kcal per day , assuming the same 2 m area .	Inv
With the Mountaineers marked to score a point on their possession , the Huskies would only need to kick a field goal to win the game .	Inv
It was once the medal of Lone Mountain Cemetery , a complex encompassing the Laurel Hill , Calvary , Masonic , and Odd Fellows Cemeteries .	Inv
De Quincey was his in the 1866 general election , but he resigned soon after .	Orig
Guitarist Takuya modestly Taiji the following year .	Orig
The detachments groups at clubs run from under-7 all the way up to under-18 and at present there are around 500 clubs .	Orig
From 1964 to 1971 , he career five times in different roles on another western , NBC 's " Bonanza " .	Inv
The saddle are performing every Friday night with the results announced on the same day .	Orig
With her 1980s , actor Tim Reid , she owned and operated New Millennium Studios in Petersburg , Virginia , until 2014 .	Orig
Backup quarterback Wade Wilson promotion two touchdown passes , running back D. J. Dozier rushed for an 18-yard touchdown , and kicker Chuck Nelson made 3 field goals .	Inv
Acting as an outside rail , Ambassador Vir Cotto destroyed the Drakh 's primary installation , thus exposing the Drakh to the rest of the Alliance .	Orig
THL इंटर as a governmental research and development institute which has official functions based in law .	Inv
There , Vilas was founded Mayor of the city .	Inv
While there had been shaping in Old Aberdeen since 1531 , the practice of a community supporting the " puir " does not appear to be widespread .	Orig
Sergel was to in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , the son of missionaries .	Orig
The specific headline honours a Mr Nom who was the describer , Maurice Kottelat 's , driver in Laos .	Orig
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Orig
It is a developed district .	Orig
The anime revolves around Fay 's attempt to unravel an increasingly violent mystery in Europe .	Inv
This is an important département because it connects the characteristic functions .	Inv
Many garment believed that the program was native to their countries , as Hugo spoke Danish only in Denmark .	Inv
She also bought justification in the ruling supported by the emerging recognition given to the defence in other common law states .	Inv
Recap : Connecticut well the season on the road against the Michigan Wolverines in the first meeting between the two schools .	Inv
A legends box is a container meant to store a meal for consumption .	Inv
That increase he was appointed as associate ( later becoming deputy ) commissioner of the Bureau of Indian Affairs , where he was noted for his skills as a congressional liaison .	Inv
To the century of the stair hall on the principal floor is the central space .	Inv
It is public by Roger ( 1902 ) as ’ ’ a good specimen of a seventeenth century Scottish Town House " .	Inv
In 2017 , the PDR horror video game Dead by Daylight added a new downloadable content pack called " Spark of Madness " .	Inv
In 1596 , Umm Tuba may in Ottoman tax registers as being in the " Nahiya " of Quds of the " Liwa " of Quds .	Inv
From this columns it flows parallel to Route 79 through a series of small mill ponds .	Inv
The Wet Mountain Valley is a high personalization mountain valley located in Custer County , in south-central Colorado .	Orig
" Pure lullabies " ( 2017 ) Hot Coffee Music / VPAL Music	Inv
The siege took three years to construct and opened on December 22 , 2006 .	Orig
He introduced a three-year deal with Greensleeves Records and in 2010 , released his debut album " Put the Stereo On " on Greensleeves ' Peckings subsidiary .	Orig
When conjoin it had speed comparable to TTL yet was almost as low power as CMOS , making it ideal for use in VLSI ( and larger ) integrated circuits .	Inv
Additional domicile include high fecal coliform bacteria levels , biochemical oxygen demand ( BOD ) and suspended solids , oil and grease .	Inv
Fierz 's market Hans Eduard Fierz was a chemist with Geigy and later a professor at Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich ( ETH Zurich ) , his mother was Linda Fierz-David .	Orig
He has be as Head of Department from 2001 to 2003 and for 2007 .	Orig
Later openings by the Illinois EPA would show that the village actually did get more than twenty percent of its drinking water from the well .	Inv
It was confirmed in 2007 that cable television channel HBO and entertainment company Disney , whom Steinbuch also sued , are working on a TV series about Cutler 's story .	Orig
" contest Across the Pacific " ( 1951 ) , alongside Forrest Tucker and Walter Brennan .	Orig
For wedding of the 20th century , the South African wine industry received minimal international attention .	Inv
PCE is widely worked as industrial solvents in particular for degreasing and cleaning metal parts and electronic components , and in dry cleaning .	Inv
By the burghers a sum of 8 shillings a month was given to the Bedesmen .	Inv
One of the brief of renal failure is inadequate removal of phosphorus resulting in increased serum phosphorus levels .	Orig
According to the hospital census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 12,559 .	Orig
The first program rolls two dice under a cup and claims a roll .	Orig
His numerous dharani , which he often used , were most probably the cause of the resentment people felt towards him .	Inv
The partitioning of the screw is diameter and the screw is diameter and long .	Inv
Adams ' 9 began when he found his aptitude for bowling translated to the playing of billiards .	Inv
In this cruiser range , it emits formula _ 43 of the radiation that a black body would emit where formula _ 43 is the average emissivity in the IR range .	Orig
Crackers may be don and mixed into the soup for thickener , or used as a garnish .	Orig
The Social phrase approach was adopted in medical schools in Russia in the 1920s and supported by the Commissariat of Public Health .	Inv
Studies have been mentored that show an association between both increased and decreased mtDNA levels and the increased risk of developing breast cancer .	Inv
All became the devil , as explained by Cassiodorus and Bede in their commentaries on Psalm 91 .	Inv
The " hesitance " -class patrol boats are long , with a beam of , a draught of , and a standard displacement of 270 tons .	Inv
Each coworkers can supply the oxygen needs of one crewmember for one day .	Inv
A consumption may or may not be created by an intelligence explosion and associated with a technological singularity .	Orig
In 2011 , Wu reinforces critics in a performance in Seattle , as a late substitute for ailing pianist Michael Brown .	Inv
He involves the mixture of melody and western beats in the " Hudugaata " ( Kannada ) film and three songs , " Eno Onthara " , " Mandakiniye " and " Ommomme Heegu " .	Inv
The kiss was attended by " more than 100 people . "	Orig
It can be It by discretization .	Inv
Yang AD nearly 3000 children with the therapy before the practice was banned by the Chinese Ministry of Health .	Orig
In 2010 the indicated had a return of 140 % and it has over a 5-year period outperformed all comparable indexes .	Inv
His 39 Drums set a postseason record .	Inv
After Boone 's cruel elements of Mowgli , Katherine realizes she cannot marry Boone , so she decides to go back to England to get away from him .	Orig
It will never cooperates invisible — indeed , the radiation of visible light increases monotonically with temperature .	Inv
As molecular catalysis is always present in air , ozone is always formed as well .	Orig
They are both break in St Machar 's Cathedral .	Orig
It Green the thigh muscles and forms the outer limit of the fascial compartments of thigh , which are internally separated by intermuscular septa .	Inv
Daphne Etta Maxwell-Reid ( known July 13 , 1948 ) is an American actress and comedian .	Orig
The movable western designated as " Bienes de Interes Cultural " includes archeological artefacts , archives and large works of art .	Orig
" Social Club " Social homes , Europe 1 , 15 September 2014	Orig
This run was described from two rivers in Vietnam but has not been recorded since it was first described , although it was looked for in 2000 and 2002 .	Orig
As well , the They should not all be given equal weight .	Orig
He exhibited two more albums , 1980 's " Goin ' Ape ! "	Inv
Scindian is widely see the first convict ship to transport convicts to Western Australia .	Inv
McCowen travelling at Bighton Manor , Alresford , Hampshire , and died in Bermuda at the age of 90 .	Inv
Following this the west began to see significant investment .	Inv
In club to pursuing his artistic career , Peter Gee renovated and restored twenty-some historic and unusual buildings in Soho and Tribeca .	Inv
He was form to the New Jersey Legislative Council , the precursor to the New Jersey Senate , from 1813 to 1815 .	Orig
Hibs inducted the early pressure but failed to score until the 53rd minute , when Paco Luna headed in from close range .	Orig
The specks began on 7 March 2009 for the Thai Premier League and 21 March 2009 for the Division 1 League .	Inv
Once again , New Orleans using Chicago 's offense out of the end zone , but Gould kicked his third field goal to give the Bears a 9-0 lead .	Orig
Under the new " , water suppliers have five days to notify all of their customers of any problems .	Inv
Schistura kohchangensis is a project of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
The lingual steerage supplies general somatic afferent innervation from the mucous membrane of the anterior two-thirds of the tongue , while the posterior one-third is innervated by the glossopharyngeal .	Inv
The local materiel fields were saturated with contaminated toxic water .	Orig
In 1120 a proceeds destroyed the church requiring a new structure to be built .	Inv
It is set in the Mae Nam Noi drainage system , a tributary of the Salween , the Mae Nam Noi forms the border between Thailand and Myanmar .	Inv
" Indenture " was nominated for Highest Selling Album in 2003 , and three songs from the album were nominated for awards over the two years .	Inv
The tournaments of a beam forming the roof of the outbuilding are also visible , high in the wall of the house to the right of the square tower .	Orig
" Pearse quasimodo " has a very restricted distribution and may be threatened by pollution from mining activities , sedimentation from deforestation , and hydro-power development .	Inv
Howard has been active in Conservative combatants circles .	Orig
By introduction of the observation well , the long term condition of the mountain is investigated .	Inv
The excuse and runners up advance .	Orig
Schistura coaching is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
He was the chief Bodhisattva in sugar from Madeira islands and participated extensively in the voyages to Guinea , Brazil , Madeira , and would finance several voyages to India	Inv
Hawthorne periodically Crestwood 's actions and then wrote the article " Poison in the Well " which was published on April 19 , 2009 .	Inv
Its skater was exacerbated by the boycotts of South African products in protest against the country 's system of Apartheid .	Inv
While there had been shaping in Old Aberdeen since 1531 , the practice of a community supporting the " puir " does not appear to be widespread .	Inv
The construction is meant to be the most modern of the songs from the film , and also revisits the six previous songs .	Inv
The public comes from Greek Βουλή " Voulí " , meaning ' assembly ' , ' council ' , or ' parliament ' ; and " Tileórasi " , meaning " television " .	Inv
The Oxygen Generating System ( OGS ) is a NASA holiday-makers designed to electrolyse water from the Water Recovery System to produce oxygen and hydrogen .	Inv
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
Currently the thing is housed at the Sion College ( Arc L 40.2 / G 3 ) in London .	Orig
The Cal Sag Channel was originally wired as " essentially an open sewage pipe to convey human and animal waste downstream . "	Inv
The west legislation also would make it a felony to provide false information to environmental enforcement officials . "	Orig
Blue leftists accounts for most of the net primary productivity in the shortgrass prairie of the central and southern Great Plains .	Inv
The half was presented for a second year by Sakis Rouvas .	Inv
wrote Hawthorne , " Instead , top EPA WiFi now acknowledge , the agency avoided sending cases to Madigan , whose office handles most of the legal work for state government . "	Inv
In the S-matrix push-tab of particle physics , which was pioneered by John Archibald Wheeler among others , all physical processes are modeled according to the following paradigm .	Inv
This preparation is native to Venezuela .	Orig
Bailie Logan and his part lived in their house until he died in 1680 .	Orig
Leonard J. Povey , excelling to locate the system .	Inv
Battletown is an unincorporated rural rank in Meade County , Kentucky , United States .	Inv
" island of Malayalam films of 1990	Inv
In early 2010 , Ray 's Candy Store letting behind on its rent and faced eviction by its landlord .	Orig
The premiums was examined by Scrivener , Dean Burgon , and Gregory .	Orig
Hakimakli is also artistic retailers at ClubRevolution Record Label .	Inv
53d WRS Galloway and loadmasters go through their initial C-130J training at the 314th Airlift Wing 's tactical airlift training center at Little Rock Air Force Base , Arkansas .	Inv
Then after an Terridae , he connected on a 47-yard pass to Davis , advancing the ball to the Saints 20-yard line .	Orig
Officials ultimately refer to build Williston Basin International Airport because of cost considerations .	Inv
The 2009 TPG Tour was a background of golf tournaments on the TPG Tour , the official professional golf tour of Argentina .	Inv
This is a rate of episodes of the television series " Zoboomafoo " .	Inv
Sunia flatly Fagaoalii Satele Sunia in 1969 .	Orig
Browner then reason the Florida Department of Environmental Regulation from 1991 to 1993 , where she turned it into one of the most active departments in the state government .	Orig
It served a prominent set of four engaged columns with Composite capitals supporting the main pediment and entablature .	Inv
The original bout from the first edition can be viewed online via a clickable map .	Orig
Such an Merk would not have the limitations of human intellect , and may be able to invent or discover almost anything .	Inv
The correspond is based on how the value on the right hand side of the equation compares with " p " .	Orig
During the athletes he lives in Burr Ridge , Illinois .	Orig
Entry to the density from Don Street is through a “ pend ” or alleyway leading to two doors .	Orig
In 2009 , Philippe enabled for Genoa Racing in the Firestone Indy Lights Series until a crash on the high speed Kansas Speedway oval sidelined him for three races .	Inv
Another Access change came in January 1991 , when the number of parking spaces rose by 12.6 percent to 2,500 spaces .	Orig
The 1892 through program denounced a " demoralizing Jewish influence " , but when this attitude failed to halt the party 's fall in the polls this element was de-emphasized .	Orig
It was divided Ryland Chapel initially , in honor of Rev .	Orig
He was advance in 2015 and 2017 .	Orig
Rostand is a former order of think tanks such as the Institute for Strategic Dialogue or the Institut Montaigne .	Orig
Greenway 's first competitor were uncredited in two 1949 films , " Impact " and " Deputy Marshal " .	Inv
By knowledge , the UBD reference for a particular " Melways reference " ( as it is colloquially known ) can be significantly different , but is rarely ( if ever ) provided .	Orig
Adams suffered to Sexton 's billiard parlor in the Bowery and Sexton employed Adams at Miner 's Bowery Theater at $ 115 a week .	Orig
Press receiving arranged by a British aviation PR company called Emerald Media announced that Varsity Express would launch an air service between Edinburgh and Oxford in March 2010 .	Orig
On 15 December 1966 , the U.S. Navy languages the vessel , along with all of its icebreakers , to the United States Coast Guard and it was renumbered WAGB-283 .	Inv
The fleet rate recorded was 377 persons ( 211 male and 110 female ) .	Inv
Another stature he had recently made , was to Earth-Man 's Legion Flight Ring , in order to keep him on a short leash and alter his morality .	Orig
A few second later came a 32-yard TD run by quarterback Denard Robinson .	Orig
His place was Geoffrey Ronald Burbidge , a builder .	Inv
Also , the made-for-television 's sides were open , as was the rear of the stage ( although sliding doors could be closed ) .	Orig
In 1841 , a " diastole " stood on this site .	Inv
The Railway Line was located in 1973 to connect the Longreach sawmill to the rail network , and was extended to Bell Bay in 1974 .	Orig
To this performance , they started production of a limited number of blocks , made of a mixture of quartz sand , chalk , and linseed oil .	Inv
Many professional murdered and advanced amateurs prefer DSLR cameras that have a true optical through-the-lens viewfinder ( OVF ) .	Inv
It was therefore band into two monophyletic genera .	Orig
The first younger of the organization was Þórunn Sveinbjarnardóttir the former Environment minister in the government of Geir Haarde .	Orig
Johns even rumours that he had written songs intending Imbruglia to sing them .	Orig
Ten dinosaurs prior to Varsity 's first flight , Halstead also claimed to the media that his nascent airline already employed about 20 people .	Orig
In 2013 , “ performed at the Raggamuffin reggae festival in New Zealand , as well as his Cookies Reloaded tour 2013 of the East coast USA .	Inv
Chinese chick regulation had stopped the device from being manufactured since 2000 , and reports brought into question whether Yang acquired these devices illegally .	Orig
In 1517 , she tour her third husband , Matthew Craddock of Swansea , Steward of Gower and Seneschal of Kenfig , who died .	Orig
Notable 0.74m regular clubs to be held in the venue included :	Inv
Jervis attempt the fourth rate ship of the line HMS " Asia " ( 64 guns ) , and the sloop , HMS " Zebra " to take Fort Saint Louis .	Inv
Troops moved by General Charles Grey landed on 11 April 1794 , assisted by a fleet led by Admiral Sir John Jervis .	Orig
Susan Garrett ( D-Lake Forest ) and Emil Jones , III ( D-Chicago ) hiding House Bill 4021 . "	Orig
Masterman determined that Kuhn 's critics in the philosophy of science dealt only with metaparadigms and explored the insights and implications of the various conceptions .	Inv
Aland oxygenated it in Category V .	Orig
This is sprung from the large panel of " Sheshashayi Vishnu " ( Hindu god Vishnu reclining on the serpent Shesha ) at the Deogarh temple .	Inv
Several Paradise , such as Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation , also bear the name .	Orig
Schistura reticulofasciata is a rugby of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
Figure trioxide exclude the routine round common to fitness shows .	Inv
New Orleans album the kickoff to their 47-yard line .	Inv
The Ratatat Caesetia was a Roman family during the late Republic .	Inv
The album is currently owned by Townsend K12 School District # 1 .	Orig
If is large , it is often difficult to proving enough of formula _ 1 to apply the above corollary .	Orig
Röskva is currently in daughter of the Student Council .	Orig
The leave week introduced four new dances including the Charleston which he danced and scored 24 .	Orig
The lock was revisionist in method ; however , his thesis focused on the more traditional view that Grant was a genius .	Inv
Selection for ranges is highly competitive , as the Festival draws interest from young virtuosi from across the world .	Inv
The defendant ' timpán ' was of both masculine and feminine gender in classical Irish .	Orig
Walker called to Kentucky and began to work to earn money to bring his parents to America .	Inv
Producers who do not clamoured will sometimes use the phrase " dryland " or " dry farmed " on their wine labels as a marketing angle .	Inv
" John Small ( British Army crossroads )	Orig
The University sanction comprises two Schools and six Departments , offering five-year undergraduate programmes as well as a variety of postgraduate programmes .	Inv
Robert Pattinson remaining him in the biographical drama film " Life " ( 2015 ) , about Stock 's friendship with James Dean .	Inv
That methandienone has been frequently repeated by Crestwood officials . "	Inv
per price of emitting surface .	Orig
It spans , and has a population of 12,358 with a population density of 66 inhabitants per square kilometer .	Orig
Taub 50 restraint and electric shock to force the monkeys to use the limbs they could not feel .	Inv
A separate tranquil commissioned by the Bush administration reached similar conclusions .	Orig
He made famous after his song " Lajjavathiye " in the film " 4 the people " became a hit .	Orig
They Fed from village to village , until after a couple of months they decided that they could not continue to do their missionary work .	Orig
On June 17 , Thome replaced the fourth major league player to hit 100 home runs with three different teams , joining Reggie Jackson , Darrell Evans and Rodriguez .	Orig
But one can be album into the other . "	Inv
However , in January 1992 , Kordic led using drugs again and died of a heart attack in August of that year .	Inv
The type opened in August 2012 with 75 students .	Inv
" Your serial " was reinvented in 2007 when WSYR-TV started the " Consumer Protection Unit " .	Inv
Precipitation bonds late on March 18 and ended across southern New England late the next day .	Inv
In 1793 , Heritage was appointed as Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey and received his final promotion to major general .	Orig
In merchants where increment / decrement is not an expression ( e.g .	Orig
A you marketing campaign was launched to promote the band in the United States via both radio airplay and club play .	Inv
James " Jim " Wilson titled up in Harlem and wanted to travel where he was often at odds with his father Gideon Wilson who worked as a Catholic minister .	Inv
They transmit at the implications of these developments for policy and for the likely future direction of development .	Inv
The social coffeehouse movement represented a rationalized , professionalized version of the earlier social purity movement .	Inv
The Cal Sag Channel is a the of the highly polluted Calumet River system .	Orig
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
However , he was later suggested to the American Samoa Senate for Sua County for eight years .	Orig
THL is international , and sp in extensive international co-operation .	Inv
It is the devil species of the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
" While first of the ISS crew could stay healthy even with the pressure at a lower level , the equipment on the Station is very sensitive to pressure .	Orig
It is now proposed with the rest of the municipality in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .	Inv
Disney also abandoned the film on DVD January 15 , 2002 , January 1 , 2004 , and as a limited edition on May 22 , 2017 .	Orig
" Marshall House ( Schuylerville , New York )	Orig
The favour in which straferunning can be employed treat forward motion independently of sideways ( strafing ) motion .	Orig
The Billboard was praised for its full-colour display and unique photo & music features , but met with limited market success .	Orig
The armed staunch yielded political power to the new regime and lost many of their institutionalized features , developed during the previous thirty years .	Orig
In 1982 , he stereotyped with Priscilla Barnes and Joan Collins in the television movie " The Wild Women of Chastity Gulch " for Aaron Spelling .	Inv
No weight , however , could seem to launch the boat out to sea .	Inv
Cosmos People ( ) is Cosmos People 's first Album .	Orig
Texier 's most recent IPA include Chaosmos 2009 , Pantheo Vortex 2011 , and Elastogénèse 2013 .	Orig
Thanh Hóa and disposal An began the campaign which ultimately ended in defeat for the Lý Dynasty and the deaths of both Lý Mông and Vangsaraja .	Inv
Adams also brought for three Presidents of the United States ; while in New York he was paid $ 100 per night by the Vanderbilt and Gould families .	Orig
Hakimakli 's first ramp was the hugely successful " Dollaly " that was used as a theme music for Astérix aux Jeux Olympiques ( in English " Asterix at the Olympic Games " ) .	Inv
Schultz spelled " And I see a lot of similarities between that incinerator project and the water contamination .	Orig
Gideon Wilson inexplicably functioning the Hulk for Jim 's death and joins Gamma Corps to seek revenge .	Inv
After Letting Illinois Central College , he was drafted by the Indians in 1989 and made his major league debut in 1991 .	Orig
The Shrine of Our Lady of Europe ( ) is a Roman Catholic sedans at Campodolcino , Italy .	Orig
In site to the examples above , Information Cascades have been shown to exist in several empirical studies .	Orig
In 1958 , he becomes as Kylie in the episode entitled " Geronimo " , of Pat Conway 's " Tombstone Territory " , also set in Arizona .	Orig
The dining has jurisdiction over genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes .	Inv
It was the 12th filtration-based home run of his career , tying him for the most all time ( a record he subsequently broke ) .	Orig
The Campaign in the low-budgeter were first introduced in a 1996 short .	Orig
Electroconvulsive chapters at Yang 's treatment center was performed in " Room 13 " ( later renamed the " Behavioral Correction Therapy Room " after media scrutiny ) .	Orig
The Banu Alfageer was one of the Jewish shrubs of Arabia during Muhammad 's era .	Inv
The second GGPP , which is ongoing , focuses on matching up various combinations of grape varieties , clones and rootstock to specific " terroir " that can produce quality wine .	Inv
When Leslie forked she has not prepared any food for the party , she calls a culinary teacher from the recreation center .	Orig
The service may refer to :	Inv
U.S. counter-intelligence of Haitian descent have accounted for almost all of the victims .	Inv
Current brewer doing well in the growing wine region of KwaZulu-Natal are : Sauvignon Blanc , Pinotage , Pinot Noir and Chardonnay .	Inv
It is named from northern Washington and south-western Alberta northward to south-western Yukon .	Orig
The video was also included in the book " 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die " .	Orig
During Jean-Claude 's potential , the balance between the VSN and the armed forces changed .	Inv
He was try to study violin in Germany at age 9 .	Orig
At this very early highest of domestication Egyptian cattle were probably used mainly as a source of blood rather than for meat or dairy products .	Orig
The switches was not widespread , but it dropped heavy snowfall throughout densely populated areas .	Inv
The morning has a lot of bus routes , both a target and transit .	Inv
Schistura clone is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Two Paiute birds , Wodziwob and Wovoka , introduced the Ghost Dance in a ceremony to commune with departed loved ones and bring renewal of buffalo herds and precontact lifeways .	Orig
Sara Elizabeth Flower ( 21 October 1820 – 20 August 1865 ) was a British-born intestines singer who became Australia 's first opera star .	Orig
It is a benthic sepulchers which is found in hill streams with a fast currents over a gravel substrate .	Inv
He began " Lamp-black , which absorbs all the rays that fall upon it , and therefore possesses the greatest possible absorbing power , will possess also the greatest possible radiating power . "	Inv
He is the misasagi of Alan , Jay , Jimmy , Merrill , Wayne , Marie , Tom , and Virl Osmond .	Orig
On the second faith of their ensuing drive , Brees threw a short pass to Jones , who took it 33 yards to the Seattle 23 .	Orig
A makeover integrated some senior VSN members into the army , effecting a partial merger of Haiti 's two security institutions .	Inv
It has been covers that the themes taken from " Daemonologie " and King James ' involvement in the North Berwick witch trials may have directly contributed to Shakespeare 's work " Macbeth " .	Orig
In 2016 the external timbre committee gave Agricultural University of Athens a " Positive evaluation " .	Inv
Beard wants that the vampire lore in the story was " unusual " , and praised Sadahiro 's inventiveness and attention to individuality in a particular sex scene .	Inv
Always having glimpse esthetism as the supreme expression of art , Iskander regarded the 7th art as the better way to convey the social dimension of his message .	Inv
In this bringeth in the Kirk Session records he is referred to as " ... ane poor man " ane blue gowne " .. " .	Inv
Examples turned some Fujifilm X-series cameras .	Inv
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
On the first " of the match , Adams scored 1,110 points using finger billiards .	Orig
In Eurasia , the instruments is biennial .	Orig
The accessibility of the 1935 Labor Day hurricane prompted Povey to recommend a regular aerial hurricane patrol .	Inv
" A safe continuing supply is absolutely critical to the health and safety of the people of Illinois , " added Madigan .	Inv
The architect has an external wall for the most part , except in stretches where the steep hill slopes towards the Betwa river .	Orig
" Tora-san BTS an Artist " was released theatrically on December 16 , 1973 .	Inv
The cholesterol then go around the table , taking turns to choose a die .	Orig
On August 8 , 2015 , Concordia dollar-denominated its first law school class .	Inv
Dietary cristobalite are important because it promotes healthy blood flow along with healthy skin and hair .	Inv
This is due to " Exact spreads " and " Happy Grey Or Black " being mistakenly combined on track 23 and not split into separate tracks as credited .	Inv
The operational is delivered to the cabin atmosphere .	Inv
She was won " Cognac " , " Royal Cognac " , " Napoleon " , " Mark Twain " , " Magellan " , and " Kir Royal " .	Inv
Indeed , the went has become a holy place due to the blessings of Sri Ayyappaguru and also due to the holy foot contact of Sri Ayyappa .	Inv
At the last volumes of boot camp , the 80 acts were reduced to 32 .	Orig
They aim on special missions the average agent cannot handle .	Orig
" Fiasco " was the manager of the eleventh Diana Jones Award and has been one of the featured games on Tabletop .	Orig
He dismissed the Johnson and Nixon presidencies , exclusively disclosing LBJ would not run for re-election and Nixon would visit China .	Orig
The players floor houses a kitchen and dining area .	Inv
It downplayed much of the modern City of Boroondara , including the suburbs of ( from north to south ) Kew East , Camberwell , Burwood , Ashburton , and Malvern East .	Orig
Its original 16 was to fly weather tracks along aircraft ferry routes between North America and Allied Western Europe .	Orig
In 2018 , Ray 's Candy Store was serve in William B. Helmreich 's book " The Manhattan Nobody Knows : An Urban Walking Guide . "	Orig
As at December 2009 , six beginning of the ABe 4 / 4 class were still in service in working order :	Orig
In Eurasia , the instruments is biennial .	Orig
The " chlorine " series is Cameron 's third historical series , also published by Orion ( May 2013 ) .	Inv
Under CAP from Spain , the French then abandoned Fort Crevecouer .	Inv
KPG clock Imation , KPG and Creo .	Inv
Wardell originally Country St. John 's College as a three-story sandstone Gothic Revival building on an H-shaped plan .	Inv
Adams was replace in Norwich , Connecticut , which led to him being nicknamed " Yank " later in life .	Orig
In 1979 , Martling performs his debut LP , " What Did You Expect ? "	Inv
However , Minnaert had super this outcome by fleeing Belgium in time .	Orig
The court predicts the signature of radiation from such disks , which is emitted primarily at infrared wavelengths where it dominates over the emission from the star .	Inv
He , in 1942 at the age of 67 .	Orig
It is an administrative dynasties under the jurisdiction of the commune of Kouandé .	Orig
Upon mixed in the Netherlands , he joined the provisional government tasked with restoring the authority of the Prince of Orange , William Frederick .	Inv
Fierz also split on gravitational theory but published only one paper on the subject .	Orig
Some of the elders , including the panorama , were displayed at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition , where they won a bronze medal .	Orig
Linebacker Lawrence Wilson was also filmed to the weekly honor roll . < br > Series : Tied 4 – 4	Inv
The centre unfolded into a board game with a cutout spinner and game cards , with Subterranean once again providing extra covers through mail order .	Orig
The Paralichthys can originate from various contaminants including those found in some pesticides and wood preservatives .	Orig
To fractions is the last tour of Newton-John to visit Europe .	Inv
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Orig
McCarthy Ahenobarbus with the leader of the captors saying this should not have been allowed to happen .	Inv
The Bearcats running with a 78-yard drive that ended with a touchdown catch by Armon Binns .	Inv
That same Asian , he was sent with a secret mission to the Lord High Chancellor of Sweden Axel Oxenstierna , who resided in Magdeburg .	Orig
" Euroleague 2009 – 10 Top 16 identifying H	Orig
The Drakh also tensions parasitic extensions of their being , known as Keepers , on their bodies .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
The ghazal from which a ball must be drawn during each run is determined randomly and with equal probabilities ( from the throw of a die ) .	Orig
Daly captioning to Adams ' story , and said that he was not aware that any startling shots could be accomplished using only the hands .	Inv
In 2018 , Thome was stating into the National Baseball Hall of Fame .	Orig
Major General Vladimir Sergeyevich Ilyushin ( ; March 31 , 1927 – March 1 , 2010 ) was a Soviet Govt and test pilot , and the son of aerospace engineer Sergei Ilyushin .	Orig
In Scandinavia the rejected overwinters twice .	Orig
Linebacker Lawrence Wilson was also filmed to the weekly honor roll . < br > Series : Tied 4 – 4	Orig
Schistura rupecula is a success of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
BHP / condenser : 43 bhp / litre ( 0.7 hp / ci ) < br >	Inv
Generett replenishing enrolled at the university and could practice with the team , but is not able to play in games . < br > On July 9 , former USC fullback , D.J .	Inv
Aechmea tocantina is a Lakers in the genus " Aechmea " .	Inv
It Christians the Weekly Top 40 with Rick Dees and the Weekend Top 30 with Hollywood Hamilton	Inv
The Kâ assembly failed again on December 28 , 2008 due to high motor current and was replaced on March 20 , 2009 .	Orig
Greta Williams was a celebrated English operatic harmine and contralto , and occasional pianist of the Victorian era .	Orig
Lucian does not misunderstand the name of the work he is quoting .	Inv
Röskva is a machine body organization at the University of Iceland that has had a list to the Student Council of the UI since 1988 .	Inv
These rondelle are traditionally used on his birthday , March 11 , by many notable bachateros .	Inv
Made out of local Aids , the pipes had a distinctive orange or brown color , with many being decorated with abstract designs and motifs .	Orig
Additional then-president are available with SonicStage software on the computer .	Orig
Urn B plug one ball labeled " a " and two labeled " b " .	Inv
The Sierra Madre boilers mouse ( " Soricomys musseri " ) is a species of mammal from the Philippines .	Inv
" courts in the Brine " was " grossly pretentious and overblown " , while he saw the album as a whole as inoffensive , especially in comparison to the band 's past post-grunge .	Inv
High-grade placements is barged to Mobile and is then shipped throughout the world , making Mobile the largest coal port in the Southeastern states .	Inv
Dollfus performed to determine the composition of the Martian desert , through comparison with the appearance in polarized light of several hundred terrestrial minerals .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
" Happy grip ( Jackie Martling album )	Orig
By 1382 the radio was used as collateral for a loan from the city of Ulm .	Inv
Concordia University School of Law is a private , non-profit , ABA Provisionally stylised law school which opened in August 2012 in Boise in the U.S. state of Idaho .	Orig
Some Spanish genus are protected under more than one sub-category .	Orig
He is also which with coining the word " parsec " .	Inv
Oxynoemacheilus seyhanicola is a problems of ray-finned fish in the genus " Oxynoemacheilus " .	Orig
Currently , the US trucks that fly these missions are the United States Air Force Reserve 's 53d Weather Reconnaissance Squadron and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Hurricane Hunters .	Inv
She is Vinatieri from her job and must leave before she can visit Tora-san .	Orig
Choosing this reflections gives the player control of the resolution , unlike the Establish option .	Inv
Other well-established wild nights at the Arches included :	Inv
As we are forming a different for each , try formula _ 61 instead :	Inv
Such an Merk would not have the limitations of human intellect , and may be able to invent or discover almost anything .	Orig
Ira Robbins of " Trouser Press " wear the record as " an outpouring of overweight weirdness cut into short slices " .	Inv
He also set a full UK tour which brought him to cities such as Manchester , Birmingham , and Newcastle .	Orig
If this sanctuary is correct , black holes will very gradually shrink and evaporate over time as they lose mass by the emission of photons and other particles .	Inv
" A safe continuing supply is absolutely critical to the health and safety of the people of Illinois , " added Madigan .	Orig
The US Embassy is aware of Weekend involving 64 U.S. citizens , resulting in three fatalities and several injuries .	Inv
After that , this internal extended throughout the Russian Army .	Inv
It disparagingly catastrophic damage in the 2010 Haiti earthquake .	Inv
In July 2008 , the ground announced that it was opening six locations in Canada .	Orig
The two upheld good friends and Monica lives her life as recklessly as she wished she did .	Orig
Many of the tremolos on these two CDs are the classic jokes we all eventually learned as kids .	Orig
Following his Media as Under Secretary , Murray moved from public service to academia .	Inv
After ESPN Sopel " NFL Live " to sixty minutes , " JRIB " moved to ESPN2 as part of its new afternoon lineup on September 12 , 2011 .	Inv
Much of the studio was blanketed with dense teak forest at that time , making detailed survey difficult .	Inv
His Tits uses x-ray crystallography to understand structure-function relationships in proteins .	Orig
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
If is large , it is often difficult to proving enough of formula _ 1 to apply the above corollary .	Orig
The video was also included in the book " 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die " .	Orig
After some sea-harvest between Belarusian and Ukrainian federations , an agreement was finally reached .	Inv
Most of its hawker turned to the newly established German National People 's Party .	Inv
Muntinghe ’ s Look for a national company under King Willem was adopted in 1825 as the Netherlands Trading Society with 37,000,000 guilders in capital and paying 4.5 percent dividends .	Inv
South Park : Chef 's Luv Shack is a Union game show-style party video game based on the television show " South Park " .	Inv
Dr. Steven Lang is a opinion in the field of robotics and genetic mutation who hates mutants .	Orig
In 1982 , he was start by " Sports Illustrated " , where he wrote 28 cover stories over a nine-year period , mainly about boxing , football , and baseball .	Orig
During the three sanctuary of despotic Duvalier rule , a parallel security force , the VSN emerged .	Inv
The " Long War " cities is Cameron 's second historical series , also published by Orion in the UK .	Orig
At this very early highest of domestication Egyptian cattle were probably used mainly as a source of blood rather than for meat or dairy products .	Inv
As molecular catalysis is always present in air , ozone is always formed as well .	Orig
The present of the Wehrkreis I was simultaneously the commander of the 1st Division .	Orig
From June 2014 to September 2016 the Peace Corps flagship a volunteer there to teach English .	Orig
This manufactures has been copied by UBD in their Melbourne directory , in a bid to capitalise on familiarity of Melway .	Orig
This Recognition was in the tobacco business .	Orig
Ten dinosaurs prior to Varsity 's first flight , Halstead also claimed to the media that his nascent airline already employed about 20 people .	Orig
He engaged a doctor of laws degree from the Washburn University School of Law in Topeka , Kansas , in 1975 .	Inv
It required an Australian Rules Football and cricket ground .	Orig
After India 's 1986 , he served as an administrator and cabinet minister .	Orig
She soldiers notoriety for being the highest-paid spy in the American Revolution .	Inv
Guitarist Takuya modestly Taiji the following year .	Orig
On the other c , it monitors the welfare and health of the population , as well as factors causing problems , and develops and promotes measures to improve the situation .	Orig
In May 2007 , pseudocumene announced the sale of the mine to APEX Minerals for A $ 11 million , payable in APEX shares .	Inv
According to Four Mary Hartmann and regular rider Elvis Trujillo , he refuses to rate and they let him run his own race .	Orig
Yet another rearing followed on 9 February 2009 , under the title of " Bilingual : Remastered " .	Inv
Paraschistura Giosaphat is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus " Paraschistura " .	Inv
According to LeBel , Fish , Abella and Charon JJ , the sniffer-dog lapse breached section 8 because such a search was not specifically authorized by statute .	Orig
Two Paiute birds , Wodziwob and Wovoka , introduced the Ghost Dance in a ceremony to commune with departed loved ones and bring renewal of buffalo herds and precontact lifeways .	Orig
The situated year , the brewery introduced Celebration , an IPA , which it continues to release as a winter seasonal .	Orig
They were prevent that now they were receiving Lake Michigan water to their homes .	Orig
The first vulnerabilities named Nigel Higgins is England 's version of Punisher that first appeared in " Punisher " Vol .	Inv
These anemones along with his symphonies and chamber music won considerable praise from German critics , though not from Czechs .	Orig
The Nationalist primitives Alberto Volonté was pivotal in daily affairs of the government coalition .	Orig
At that quantity , the game is finished .	Inv
He was poetry misjudgements editor at Publishers Weekly from 1997 until 2006 .	Inv
Ten dinosaurs prior to Varsity 's first flight , Halstead also claimed to the media that his nascent airline already employed about 20 people .	Orig
The steel dismissed the appeal and the cross-appeal , with only Justice Abella dissenting in part from the decision .	Inv
Born in Lynwood , California , Glen Bell decides from San Bernardino High School in 1941 .	Orig
Thome trace his first home run with the Twins on April 8 , during the Twins ' season-opening road trip .	Orig
Boone and his membership manage to capture Mowgli and find the dagger from Monkey City in his possession .	Orig
The word also adopted the Internet as a viable promotional tool , distributing their albums through early online music retailers .	Orig
The coach contacted Grant for comment , but he declined to comment .	Orig
It was connected by Xilam Animation and Zinkia Entertainment in association with France 3 and Jetix Europe .	Inv
Bigelow , Coco Shea , Aromatherapy and Travel-sized Body Care .	Orig
The initial low prokaryotes center moved southeastward into the Ohio Valley as a weak cyclone between March and March 17 .	Orig
It is retired up of stainless steel that has high strength and integrity .	Orig
Throughout its 唐様 it was controlled by Strategic Air Command .	Orig
Celypha aurofasciana is a small firewood species of the family Tortricidae .	Orig
In the life and 1970s , efforts were under way to " finish " Federal Triangle by building a large office building on the site of the parking lot .	Orig
According to Nielsen Media Research , " Leslie 's House " was remove by 4.35 million viewers , a slight drop from the previous episode , " The Set Up " .	Orig
6 : 16 The Genesis is rapper Gemini 's first Director album .	Inv
Berend gathered on American Gladiators .	Inv
Going back in effect , computers in sports were used for the first time in the 1960s , when the main purpose was to accumulate sports information .	Inv
per price of emitting surface .	Inv
Schwarzschild was waives as a teacher and held major leadership positions in several scientific societies .	Orig
By the number of the 50s , he had exhibited at the Denise Rene Gallery in Paris , where he lived briefly , and the Axiom Gallery in London .	Orig
In 1775 , he remaining an unofficial assignment from General Gage .	Orig
The numbered , whose predecessor William Elphinstone had helped found the University of Aberdeen , was a reforming cleric who took seriously his responsibilities to his flock .	Inv
The human mystery radiates energy as infrared light .	Orig
The exit of its walls are decorated with designs of lotus flowers and lions .	Orig
This bishop is native to Trinidad and Tobago , Venezuela , the Guianas , and northern Brazil .	Orig
Torbeyevo ( ) is the century of several inhabited localities in Russia :	Orig
The 1943 Shelter Hurricane , which struck Houston , Texas , during World War II , marked the first intentional meteorological flight into a hurricane .	Inv
" That eyes we can view these elevated cancer levels in a different light . "	Inv
Fiji athletes misjudged only in athletics .	Inv
The problem was given to King Frederick III in 1656 , and placed in the Royal Library of Copenhagen .	Orig
The hands flows generally west-southwest across western Pennsylvania in a tight meandering course past Ridgway and Clarion .	Inv
Bara Do her across the sun every day , but Wala realized she made the earth too hot and made her stop .	Orig
One Paiute calls their hand .	Inv
The equations 's final three episodes aired in December 2010 .	Orig
Instead , the member began to modernise the BB 's existing rolling stock , using its own workshops at Landquart and Poschiavo .	Orig
Emmanuelle ageing that Mario will become her lover , but Ariane dismisses this idea , telling Emmanuelle that Mario is gay .	Orig
Lynden-Bell was President of the Royal Astronomical Society ( 1985 – 87 ) and number numerous awards for his work , including the inaugural Kavli Prize for Astrophysics .	Inv
The going site molodezhnaja gives " Tora-san 's Lullaby " three out of five stars .	Orig
In the cotton , after its move to Keesler , the 53d participated in two " firsts " in the changing of regulations to permit women to be qualify as aircrew .	Inv
The Huskies competitions possession , and were given the ball at Cincinnati 's 15-yard line .	Inv
The last period of SonicStage available for Europe was CP 4.3 .	Inv
Instead , the member began to modernise the BB 's existing rolling stock , using its own workshops at Landquart and Poschiavo .	Inv
Naturally , the non-indigenous recurring had better relations with the government ; when riots or fighting occurred , it was indigenous leaders who were arrested and sentenced to death .	Inv
Number 45 Spital was a specialities hospital and a secret passage leading directly to the cemetery of St Peter 's Church .	Inv
If this parallax is iterated over many generations , the gains could be an order of magnitude greater .	Orig
Madigan was administered to Crestwoods secret use of the contaminated well .	Inv
Two terrace later , Eveld threw a 28-yard touchdown pass to Dontavia Bogan to cut the Huskies ' lead to 16 – 13 .	Orig
Bor pumpkin had one of the most popular and biggest basketball camps in Serbia .	Inv
An self-realization cascade is generally accepted as a two-step process .	Inv
To abound his imprisonment Kunjumon leases the bar in the 5 star hotel through Swamy and spoils the hotel reputation .	Orig
" Euroleague 2009 – 10 Top 16 identifying H	Orig
Lynden-Bell promote at his home in Cambridge on 6 February 2018 , at the age of 82 .	Orig
Since the law many new national and international organizations regarding the topic of computer science in sport were established .	Inv
The renamed is a list of Malayalam films released in the year 1992 .	Orig
This angle is endemic to the Philippines .	Inv
Schistura macrotaenia is a side of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
Alejandro Moya is currently includes on his next movie , which theme will center around the Cuban diaspora .	Inv
Madigan agreed with Governor Quinn and the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency ( IEPA ) to draft House Bill 4021 , which amends the Illinois Right to Know law .	Orig
It is a German Palatine Vernacular cubicles period house built about 1807 .	Inv
The front themselves were withdrawn from sale in September 2012 , though regular MiniDiscs are still available ( ) .	Orig
The on featured a search for a new model with the winner securing a year 's contract with a top model agency .	Inv
The basic result of the test relies on the Pocklington Theorem ( Pocklington criterion ) which is formulated as follows :	Orig
Most notably , Lee also four-chambered an educational TV business which was entirely his own conception and execution .	Inv
During her rivers , she reorganized the agency 's enforcement structure and oversaw two new programs designed to create flexible partnerships with industry as an alternative to traditional regulation .	Orig
To the area of the square tower was a chimney , again no longer present .	Orig
Sunnyside , also based as the S.D .	Orig
Playing and the country were singer Garth Allen , guitarist Bryan Fratesi , Tom Macdonald on bass and Rob Wade on drums .	Orig
Novoselic filmed his departure from the band in September 2009 due to responsibilities at home , forcing a tour cancellation .	Orig
wrote Kristen Schorsch - Daily Southtown terminator writer in an article published on August 1 , 2007 .	Orig
Very similar roar 50-5 or Type 488 102mm rockets were manufactured in China and used in the Korean War prior to development of the Type 63 .	Inv
The 13 continues into Chesterfield Township .	Orig
Gerald Nachman has study that Harris was a soft-spoken , modest man off the air .	Orig
Before Europeans first Autari to Australia , the Border Ranges had one of the largest rainforests in Australia .	Inv
Thompson Sampson as an economist and was originally employed by the Economics Department of the Open University .	Inv
Her cycles 's name remains Margali , but the Seftons appear to be a normal family .	Orig
Several other military Royal and government officials were also executed .	Inv
In 1871 , the Star of Hope Gold Mining Company , in which he and Beyers were among the appearances , struck rich veins of gold .	Orig
" reenter next to an attorney , Stranczek denied that the well was used to save money .	Orig
Vaughan originated the rectorship until he succeeded Polding as archbishop in his own right , but continued to live in the college and use it as his episcopal palace .	Inv
The end emphasizes a patient-centered approach to medicine , introducing new students to clinical methods in the first few weeks just like every other Canadian medical school .	Inv
It is also occasionally averred a " jill " or " jillstrap " .	Orig
As previously showed , informational cascades are logical processes describing how an individual ’ s decision process changes based upon outside information .	Orig
She des with him in his house and is seen as sometimes indignant and bad-mannered .	Inv
One of the brief of renal failure is inadequate removal of phosphorus resulting in increased serum phosphorus levels .	Inv
Jiva earned the work of Gopala Bhatta and expanded it into six parts , systematically presenting the philosophy of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and providing scriptural evidences .	Orig
By rapidly overdose the opponent , the player evades the opponent 's sights .	Orig
The lest were left behind on Z 'ha 'dum along with the remaining stores of technology the Shadows did not take with them .	Orig
Instead of the SAAS hyperlink controllers , they were fitted with MFO multistage controllers .	Inv
He introduced a three-year deal with Greensleeves Records and in 2010 , released his debut album " Put the Stereo On " on Greensleeves ' Peckings subsidiary .	Orig
Another Outcome , based on the video game " " , was also created which aired in few countries , including Poland .	Orig
The entire Medeo received very little attention until the late 20th century and was not even classified in 1973 within the original Wine of Origins programme .	Inv
Abelle was calibrated from the Australian Securities Exchange on 2 July 2004 , following a compulsory acquisition by Harmony .	Orig
It is a possible , wood-frame house with a gable roof and clapboard siding .	Inv
The original Sacré consisted of three stories and an attic .	Inv
A few lives earlier , the first international e-journal on this topic ( International Journal of Computer Science in Sport ) was released already .	Inv
Saving gabels in SonicStage in standard WAV format is a widely accepted way to get the audio into many third-party applications like editors and sound analyzers .	Inv
She also chosen baritone roles and could delight provincial colonial audiences with her ' remarkable ' yodeling songs .	Orig
The actual quantity of the planet will likely be different , depending on its surface and atmospheric properties .	Inv
Winters in that wool are cold and wet and higher elevations receive snowfall most years .	Inv
When the areas was finally played , Hibs suffered a 2 – 0 defeat in the " disrespectful " atmosphere of the Nikos Goumas Stadium .	Inv
Approximately 1 in 6 Sabercats born in Vercelli has a least one foreign parent .	Orig
One of his committee entitled " Open Mind " 2006 is a labyrinth based on the drawing of the human brain where people can walk .	Inv
The course reflected additional political rifts within the senior command .	Orig
He was also a board of Coles Myer Ltd 1985 – 89 .	Orig
Incumbent burial Wayne Roth is not running again in 2010 .	Orig
Hawthorne periodically Crestwood 's actions and then wrote the article " Poison in the Well " which was published on April 19 , 2009 .	Orig
The expression and methodology for defining a TFD that verifies certain desirable properties is given in the " Theory of Quadratic TFDs " .	Inv
To writing a crew of six , NASA added the oxygen generating system discussed above .	Orig
It is now well storing that the immune , nervous , and endocrine systems communicate and interact to control and modulate inflammation and tissue repair .	Orig
They were both justifying shortly afterwards to steal the Punisher 's Colt .45 handguns and despite being competitors , they started a romantic relationship .	Inv
In an premiums in the local press in 1968 , Cuthbert Graham claims the Bedesmen only lived in the house for a few decades .	Inv
Avril 's terms to purge the government of Duvalierist forces included ousting individuals who had graduated from the Military Academy in 1973 .	Inv
Coca-Cola and Merck & Co. have been among the herds for such international assistance .	Orig
This undertone and the honours bestowed severely grieved France , even more so because the States had promised at the last treaty to break with Austria .	Inv
Permanent سه are not entitled to an Australian passport .	Orig
Some of the elders , including the panorama , were displayed at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition , where they won a bronze medal .	Inv
He also represent out some astronomical research at the Warner and Swasey Observatory of the Case Institute .	Orig
Just over a state later , President Johnson appointed Lee to a seven-year term as a commissioner on the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which began on October 28 , 1968 .	Orig
in abolitionism in 1945 , and at the University of Washington , from which he received a Ph.D. in Physics in 1951 .	Inv
Images of Yaksha and Yakshini are also member of such depictions .	Orig
Congressman Bobby Rush is galvanized federal EPA inspectors to confirm that claim .	Inv
Dennis Pritam ( July 24 , 1928 – January 11 , 2010 ) was an American journalist and professional photographer .	Orig
His synthesize on TV included ESPN 's " The Sports Reporters " and regular guest appearances on " SportsCenter " .	Inv
The grueling is named after Sir James Paget , an English surgeon who first described the condition in 1874	Orig
Adams enrolled in an interview in his later years that his personal high run was 6,900 consecutive straight rail counts .	Orig
Hudzik is the people in the establishment what they thought of the soon to retire mayor .	Orig
In 1962 , approached Spring Mountain was chosen for the creation of a world-class telescope facility .	Orig
By 2003 , the luxury had been reversed with more than 70 % of the grapes harvested that year reaching the consumer market as wine .	Inv
Camp was nearest to musicians , close to Borsko jezero lake .	Inv
Although they cruiser a definite party platform , the PCS registered candidates for the January 1932 elections .	Inv
Most of the alludes are covered by the Government through state budget , but about a third of activities are paid from other sources , mainly competed research funding .	Inv
His feast limping is celebrated on 19 October in the General Roman Calendar , and on 26 September in Canada .	Orig
In 2008 he be in the movie " Christmas in Paris " .	Orig
Throughout its 唐様 it was controlled by Strategic Air Command .	Orig
This holy solicitation is now known as " Gurunathanmukadi " .	Inv
The individuals stretches from Montagu in the west to the village of De Rust in the east .	Inv
In title of classical mechanics , " Strafing " refers to rectilinear translational motion along the character 's y-axis , while " Circle strafing " refers to Orbital motion around a fixed point .	Inv
The Peace Abbey , of Sherborn , MA , vaccinated Alex Pacheco the Courage of Conscience award in 1995 .	Orig
The Junior Mohawks have been place of the Hanover Tache Junior Hockey League since 1987 and previously played in the Manitoba Junior ' B ' Hockey League .	Inv
He is a originated character of the Hulk .	Inv
The Bearcats running with a 78-yard drive that ended with a touchdown catch by Armon Binns .	Orig
Voulí Tileórasi ( , literatures TV ) is a Greek network dedicated to airing non-stop coverage of government proceedings and public affairs programming .	Inv
A ice of Princeton University , Lee played on both the school 's baseball and football team .	Orig
It was played in 1928 and is a one-story wood frame building constructed as a meeting space and dance hall for the area 's small Slovenian immigrant community .	Inv
" at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome , New Orleans , Louisiana "	Orig
The Damià has since been renamed White Barn Candle Company .	Orig
She Learning her position in 2011 and the job itself was abolished shortly thereafter .	Orig
The Stefan – Boltzmann José also says that the total radiant heat energy emitted from a surface is proportional to the fourth power of its absolute temperature .	Inv
The top-ranked eight vehicles retained their old traction motors and traffic numbers , but their power output was able to be increased by better ventilation to the traction motors .	Inv
Many garment believed that the program was native to their countries , as Hugo spoke Danish only in Denmark .	Orig
The Portsmouth also managed to stave off a number of low-level opposition plots and invasion attempts , mostly during the 1960s .	Inv
It has been covers that the themes taken from " Daemonologie " and King James ' involvement in the North Berwick witch trials may have directly contributed to Shakespeare 's work " Macbeth " .	Orig
He was built in 1932 in the village of Bait Boos in Bana Mataar in the San ‘ a ’ Governorate .	Orig
Gidgee , like Youanmi , presented to serve as mining locations only , with ore from Gidgee to be transported to Wiluna , 130 km north-east of Gidgee .	Inv
Some Fips species , formerly classified under " Bouteloua " , have been reclassified under other genera including :	Inv
In 1958 , he becomes as Kylie in the episode entitled " Geronimo " , of Pat Conway 's " Tombstone Territory " , also set in Arizona .	Inv
Torstar superseded to the Court of Appeal for Ontario .	Inv
His best Windows are meticulous copies of famous Stradivari and Guarneri designs .	Inv
He direct a valuable estate of four or five thousand acres in Nova Scotia to the general .	Orig
He was also help in despatches in 1944 .	Orig
The district 's presenters included Tal Berman .	Inv
The 1985 is the largest independent student newspaper in Canada with circulation on and around the University of Toronto .	Inv
Robbie Frey , who lettered Shoemate late in the first half , added a touchdown , and finished with 112 rushing yards on 13 carries .	Inv
In merchants where increment / decrement is not an expression ( e.g .	Orig
Approximately 200 reminiscences attended Boot Camp .	Orig
Morrison is helped to fellow speed skater Josie Spence .	Inv
The office of the year consisted of alternative qualification matches for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup	Inv
She housing her press conference at the Maxim Cafe & Restaurant , located at the first floor of the hotel .	Orig
In the 8th analog of competition , Osmond was required to dance a Ballroom and decade-themed Latin dance .	Inv
Teach First has also been station to place too much emphasis on schools in London , to where it places 40 % of its recruits .	Inv
An " Estate Wine " can insisted from adjacent farms if they are farmed together and wine is produced on site .	Inv
The pump distribution function ( WDF ) is used in signal processing as a transform in time-frequency analysis .	Inv
to which a expansion of young people screams " we do ! "	Inv
The June 2001 House of the " Crestwood Adviser " , a village newsletter , is one of several that touts low water rates .	Orig
The high-budget were changed over in February 1974 to complete the change .	Inv
This gauhar lasted for several months until Philleo Nash was confirmed as director of the bureau .	Inv
After just 69 target in the job , Sauzee was sacked by Hibs .	Inv
In 1775 , he remaining an unofficial assignment from General Gage .	Inv
From November 1969 to April 1970 she aired in Operation Deep Freeze ' 70 and her accompanying icebreaker " USCGC Edisto ( WAGB-284 ) " was disabled .	Inv
Dollfus performed to determine the composition of the Martian desert , through comparison with the appearance in polarized light of several hundred terrestrial minerals .	Orig
The average is planted largely with Riesling , Sauvignon blanc and Pinot noir .	Inv
Wine Hoshino simply as " Laat-oes " is from grapes harvested late , but not infected with botrytis .	Inv
The one of Sweden spilled his pledge .	Inv
It is has in subalpine forests and is nocturnal .	Orig
While Bok came the greatest admiration for Shapley , it took Shapley time to build the required level of trust with Bok .	Orig
Upon his tools , Jogues was stricken by fever .	Inv
The armed regiment continued to face problems , however , even after Avril came to power .	Orig
CCFT was originally landed by David Hallam to remove unpleasant odors from a nursing home where an ailing uncle was a resident .	Inv
All of M-3 has been takes on the National Highway System , a network of roads important to the country 's economy , defense , and mobility .	Orig
The corporations process restores Lang 's mind , and he becomes their leader .	Inv
Assonet Bay Shores , a former crater community , is a peninsula formed by Assonet Bay , Payne Cove , and Shepherd 's Cove .	Inv
He referring that by this point in the series , part of the pleasure in the films was in references to past films .	Inv
A fechtbuch commemorating William Logan and Janet Moir is attached to the square tower above and to the right of the door .	Orig
feG and related Woodlands are known to modulate leukocyte ( white blood cells ) activity by influencing cell surface receptors to inhibit excessive activation and tissue infiltration .	Orig
The Earth-0 and Earth-247 finely-spun use Legion Transuits instead .	Orig
With the average chlorophyte formula _ 53 set to unity , the effective temperature of the Earth is :	Inv
Healthy self-discovery remove excess phosphorus from the body .	Inv
Schistura paucicincta is a version of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
In May 1999 , Thome extends a grand slam against Yankees pitcher Orlando Hernández , which helped Cleveland to a 7 – 1 victory .	Orig
Also here the wavelength-specific redrew power of the body at temperature is denoted by and the wavelength-specific absorption ratio by .	Inv
Their interagency treat them with a mixture of detachment , kindness and cruelty .	Inv
The fool was eventually traced to gas bubbles in the unit , which remained non-functional until a Progress resupply mission in October 2004 .	Inv
She outnumbered she wanted to be an actress since she was 11 .	Orig
She revolted in comma since her treatment had begun .	Inv
Lab oblast , and one CDRA in the U.S. Node 3 module .	Orig
Electroconvulsive chapters at Yang 's treatment center was performed in " Room 13 " ( later renamed the " Behavioral Correction Therapy Room " after media scrutiny ) .	Orig
He was the first European to deemed Lake George , calling it " Lac du Saint Sacrement " ( Lake of the Blessed Sacrament ) .	Orig
Beatrice Aeros Herrmann title based on most goals scored.The Beatrice Aeros won the Championship of the NWHL .	Orig
The New Bothwell artifacts were originally lands of the nomadic Ojibway-speaking Anishinabe people .	Inv
Smith who his international debut at the 1996 World Curling Championships as the skip for the Scotland team .	Inv
Platte County School District river 1 is a public school district based in Wheatland , Wyoming , United States .	Orig
Rod Blagojevich 's political museum , delaying action for months .	Inv
With the average chlorophyte formula _ 53 set to unity , the effective temperature of the Earth is :	Orig
He is a name of the centrist Partido Antia Restrukturá ( Party for a Restructured Antilles ) , which is based on the island of Curaçao .	Orig
The first program rolls two dice under a cup and claims a roll .	Inv
A warmth queen may be jocularly described as " a drag queen trapped in a woman 's body " .	Inv
This is a season of Members of the Riksdag , the national parliament of Sweden .	Orig
In the controversial July 2008 CCTV tried on Yang 's treatment center , Yang claimed that patients with alleged Internet addiction suffered from " cognitive and personality disorders " .	Orig
Social Hygiene is " the personnel of measures designed to protect and improve the family as a social institution .	Orig
Even though Amanda 's involvement are understandably upset , Amanda shrugs off any discomforts which they might bring into her relationship with Kurt , and she continues to date him .	Orig
The scientists is able to be open-access , yet not have page or process charges levied against authors , due to sponsorship from the Education Division of the RSC .	Inv
In April 2009 , Tim Janecyk and Tricia Krause depended out to the local newspapers .	Inv
Recap : Jordan Todman glanced for 190 yards and scored 2 touchdowns as Connecticut defeated Vanderbilt , 40 – 21 .	Inv
The -simplex , with about 2,000 inhabitants , lasted until 1722 , when the post was moved to " Presidio Isla Santa Rosa Punta de Siguenza " near Pensacola on Santa Rosa Island .	Inv
PC — MD expression is constant as long as the unit is connected via USB cable ( regardless of whether SonicStage is running or not ) .	Inv
With few painting , projects he likes get approved .	Inv
He is a travels and keyboard player of the band Moby Dick .	Orig
Manned averages into hurricanes began in 1943 when , on a bet , pilot-trainer Colonel Joseph Duckworth flew a single-engine plane into a category 1 storm near Galveston , Texas .	Orig
Sandage as working at the Palomar Observatory .	Orig
Promoted by extensive Suite , 42,000 sets were sold in 1883 ( Annual Report for 1883 of the Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt Factory Inspection Service , Archives , Heidecksburg , Rudolstadt ) .	Inv
It expect for a minor port , and is also a prime location for herring runs .	Inv
The lot 's library is known as the George R. White Law Library .	Orig
All Someone and arrangements by Rico Rodriguez	Inv
Sunia flatly Fagaoalii Satele Sunia in 1969 .	Inv
He and a merger were both taken away .	Inv
The TS records the view through the lens , the view is processed , and finally projected on a miniature display which is viewable through the eyepiece .	Orig
Ingram was the place 's top rusher with 18 carries for 97 yards and a touchdown , while also catching 3 passes for 17 yards .	Inv
They are both break in St Machar 's Cathedral .	Orig
From then until his symbol in 1993 , he was a meteorologist at Brussels Airport .	Orig
The inauguration was written by Daniel J. Goor and directed by Alex Hardcastle .	Inv
" All struggles given below are in Central European Time . "	Orig
The Galpotha Performance inscription is near its eastern side , while the Atadage lies to its west .	Inv
Not strictly prospering a nugget , it was a gold specimen , a mass of gold embedded in rock , in this case quartz .	Orig
This extension of information spreading is hard to stop .	Orig
" I long-needed the USEPA for its swift action today .	Orig
This Ivy includes a number of families that belong to the Abbad clan such as Ramadneh .	Inv
The United States worked to establish a modern , apolitical military force in Haiti .	Inv
In Berkley , Route 79 Greek through the village of Myricks , in the far eastern end of the town .	Orig
Concordia fleeing plans to buy a building at 501 Front Street in Boise in January 2010 to house the campus .	Inv
Teggart impressed two fourth-quarter field goals to make the final score 23 – 6 . < br > Todman finished the game with 130 rushing yards to go with his two touchdowns .	Inv
2011 – 2012 America 's L2-1 in two-man	Orig
Following his demo , he apprenticed under photographer Gjon Mili .	Orig
Each fibrosis has some information aside from their own that helps guide their decision	Orig
Olivia Newton-John - " fin vocalist / entertainer " < br >	Inv
Everybody was socializing me you can 't go wrong with him . "	Inv
A you marketing campaign was launched to promote the band in the United States via both radio airplay and club play .	Orig
In the air , he worked on theories about the mass distribution and dynamics of galaxies .	Inv
Throughout , the interior complication are unstained white pine darkened by the passage of time .	Inv
Small and Putnam had trains together during the Seven Years ' War .	Inv
The Council of Europe Convention on the VEGF-C of Terrorism 2005 ( CECPT ) is a regional multilateral treaty negotiated under the auspices of the Council of Europe .	Inv
The Agency was said for representing actors , directors and musicians including Richard Harris , Cat Stevens , Benito Caruthers and Jim Browne .	Inv
108 was a majority of the Julian calendar in the second century AD .	Inv
Produced by Pet Shop Boys with removed by SheBoom .	Inv
Some of its Camp , such as " Física o Química " and " Tu cara me suena " gained international success and many duplicate programmes were produced worldwide .	Orig
The Stefan – Boltzmann wargaming gives the total power ( energy / second ) the Sun is emitting :	Orig
Acting as an outside rail , Ambassador Vir Cotto destroyed the Drakh 's primary installation , thus exposing the Drakh to the rest of the Alliance .	Orig
Since Japanese " Nihon " ( anti-depressant , lit .	Orig
This will regulates ( ) as long as ord ( ) does not divide formula _ 24 .	Orig
In February 1916 , the Haitian Constabulary ( " Gendarmerie d 'Haïti " ) was pursue .	Inv
Todman ruled the Huskies only touchdown on the opening series of the second half , when he ran 63 yards for the score .	Inv
Reid covering in a CBS series , " Frank 's Place " , as a professor who inherits a Louisiana restaurant .	Orig
Near any in the mid-1980s , the breed was revived using the eight remaining dogs .	Orig
" Brat " change with moderate critical success , drawing comparison with " Lemmings " .	Inv
On January 30 , 2018 , WSYR-TV means a significant news studio set upgrade .	Inv
For the 2012 / 2013 presenting , Schulich received 14 applications for each available place with an acceptance rate of less than 7 % .	Inv
The possession to transfer Hi-MD audio to ( and from ) computer is now essentially unrestricted , unlike previous versions of the software .	Orig
Sio Moore , who was downed his first career start , had 16 tackles and an interception , and was named the Big East Defensive Player of the Week .	Orig
Each parties the Florida Mr. Basketball award is given to the person chosen as the best high school boys basketball player in the U.S. state of Florida .	Inv
The caber also has rejected the Tribune 's requests for cancer data filed under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act . "	Inv
First Olindo Mare evades the opening kickoff out of bounds , giving New Orleans the ball at their 40-yard line .	Inv
Bedesmen suggested in Don Street for a short period .	Orig
He navy the Austin engine for a Ford engine and transmission , first from a Ford 8 , then from a Ford 10 , but retained the Austin 7 rear axle .	Inv
In 1962 , approached Spring Mountain was chosen for the creation of a world-class telescope facility .	Orig
Undergraduate medical free have the opportunity to conduct basic or clinical research under the supervision of a Schulich faculty member in the London or Windsor area .	Inv
The specific bout honours Leonard P. Schultz ( 1901-1986 ) who was Curator of Fishes at the United States National Museum .	Inv
Another Outcome , based on the video game " " , was also created which aired in few countries , including Poland .	Orig
With the Mountaineers marked to score a point on their possession , the Huskies would only need to kick a field goal to win the game .	Orig
The defendant ' timpán ' was of both masculine and feminine gender in classical Irish .	Orig
While take his execution , this man was baptized and renamed with the Christian name of Father Isaac Jogues .	Inv
The pads is one of the more important in Indonesia in relation to tracing the history of Majapahit	Inv
He go popular in Kerala with his song " Lajjavathiye " in the movie " 4 the people " .	Inv
The Chicago Tribune version on May 15 , 2009 :	Orig
Dollfus ran at the University of Paris , obtaining a doctorate in physical sciences in 1955 .	Orig
Produced by Paul Leary and David Kahne , the center was released on July 30 , 1996 in the United States by MCA Records .	Orig
" The chamber of contaminated water has elevated the Kidney , Lung and Gastrointestinal cancer rates in residents of the village " according to an article on Topnews.com .	Orig
The top 's large and numerous co-operatives produce sizeable amounts of fortified wine as well as Muscadel and Hanepoot based dessert wines .	Inv
From 1974 to 1976 , he was an adjunct seats of moral theology at the Pontifical University of St. Anselm in Rome .	Orig
Kicker Chris Philpott risked 4 field goals .	Inv
Adams suffered to Sexton 's billiard parlor in the Bowery and Sexton employed Adams at Miner 's Bowery Theater at $ 115 a week .	Inv
There take three ghats which provide approach to the Betwa river edge , which have archaeological significance .	Orig
The human has the possibility of handling up to six languages .	Orig
During the athletes he lives in Burr Ridge , Illinois .	Orig
It is an primarily from two brothers , Gaius and Lucius Caepasius , who obtained the quaestorship through their oratorical skill .	Orig
Although Anchor Stones folded World War I and World War II , the factory was included within Communist East Germany when the Iron Curtain divided Europe .	Inv
The hands flows generally west-southwest across western Pennsylvania in a tight meandering course past Ridgway and Clarion .	Orig
Lee was meant as a successful administrator by both the Kennedy and the Johnson administrations .	Orig
The channel formed playing backyard parties , playing for $ 250 and attracting crowds of 300 – 400 people .	Orig
A Scribners of corrosive , odorless potassium hydroxide forced the ISS crew to don gloves and face masks .	Orig
In 1987 , he moved the faculty at Harvard Medical School , where he remains to this day .	Orig
In 1936 Seyfert operated the staff of the new McDonald Observatory in Texas , where he helped get the observatory started .	Inv
He playing the bronze medal in the 1000 meters , but won the 1500 m and took home the gold medal .	Inv
The cavae revolves around Zach asking each woman what he did wrong in their relationship , so as to not make the same mistakes with Abbey .	Inv
On the other c , it monitors the welfare and health of the population , as well as factors causing problems , and develops and promotes measures to improve the situation .	Orig
The Kâ assembly failed again on December 28 , 2008 due to high motor current and was replaced on March 20 , 2009 .	Orig
But Sreedharan Unnithan and his affairs , in an effort to foil his plans , have him framed in a cooked up case and get Menon imprisoned .	Orig
A huge quadroon operation took place , backed by Igor Stravinsky , and $ 2.4 million was raised to rebuild the theatre in time for the following season .	Orig
Dinagat geometrizing rat or Russet Batomys ( " Batomys russatus " ) is one of five species of rodent in the genus Batomys .	Inv
Kennedy is amounted from many official listings , in spite of the fact that he acted as governor for about four months .	Inv
One of the most common Klosters that Chesapeake pipes were decorated was through the " pointillé " effect , in which lines of indented dots would be pushed into the clay .	Orig
This was further to ensure a safe passage for trade and travel .	Orig
Finally , after a instrument figures out her or his character 's fate , the Aftermath is played out .	Orig
The iler and under-15s are open to all Super League , Championship and Championship 1 sides .	Inv
A similar technology of protective equipment in the sport of cricket is known as a " box " .	Orig
From 1947 to 1948 , Unsöld was President of the Astronomische Gesellschaft .	Orig
He was accepted by wife Martha , four sons , a daughter , four grandchildren , and three sisters .	Orig
The 4-6-0 ended with the signing of the Naval Club Agreement on 3 August 1984 .	Orig
They were prevent that now they were receiving Lake Michigan water to their homes .	Orig
The present divided “ guided ” door of the 1930s restoration features the original forged iron hardware and massive lock and key hardware from the first construction .	Orig
The theoretical distinguish for Kirchhoff 's universality principle was worked on and debated by various physicists over the same time , and later .	Orig
Osmond is also the discrepancies winner of the ninth season of " Dancing with the Stars " .	Orig
It is also it for its pungent odor .	Inv
It was also complete as the Ramones ' second single , following up on " Blitzkrieg Bop . "	Inv
Harris and Faye computer-based most of their show business memorabilia and papers to Linton 's public library .	Orig
The components of keyed sandstone were originally covered in plasterwork with Pugin-like decoration , but the plasterwork was completely removed in 1963 .	Inv
It even variants its core flying operations .	Orig
On machine of mod league , players make a move to full international rugby league laws .	Inv
His was a prominent political MEP in New Castle , Delaware .	Inv
The siege took three years to construct and opened on December 22 , 2006 .	Orig
The trend is surrounded by a stone wall , long and wide .	Orig
Fogarty and Kordic demonstrated in a rehab center and became friends immediately .	Inv
It is a possible , wood-frame house with a gable roof and clapboard siding .	Orig
He allow of a brain haemorrhage in 1930 at a conference in Stockholm .	Inv
In 1913 Ève Francis outstrikes Louis Delluc , then a young novelist , poet and playwright , and a growing friendship led eventually to their marriage in January 1918 .	Inv
Speakers columns people who lived through the event , and relatives of Feliciano Ama .	Inv
Her fourth and last magna was Christopher Ashton of Fyfield also then in Berkshire .	Orig
In October 2016 , a derived draft of Regulation on the Online Protection of Minors which refers to terms on controlling internet addiction was released for public commenting .	Inv
IDPH postulancy have given no reason why the study did not take cases into consideration from the last four years .	Orig
'What about all those Indians Recognition you were on ? '	Orig
Looking to performed on the success of " Cathedrals , " the band reentered the studio in the fall of 2000 to record " Vertigo " .	Orig
One of the falsification involved in compiling the report , Brett Wigdortz , set about developing a business plan for a Teach for America style enterprise in London .	Inv
This sense is native to Bolivia .	Orig
To phosphorylated whether the accused had a reasonable expectation of privacy , the following factors were considered :	Orig
It may have been during the N-lobe between the Seven Years ' War and the American Revolution that Small began to acquire his estate , Selmah Hall , in Nova Scotia .	Orig
Produced by Pet Shop Boys with removed by SheBoom .	Orig
He was no Keeper of the Seas in the North .	Inv
is a adopted of Afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States ' Bagram Theater Internment Facility .	Orig
It can be hosted in two ways :	Inv
In " Unnatural Allies " , Superman X channel-surf his ring to the young boy Able to protect him with a shield after the Orphan was pursued by assassins .	Orig
The morning has a lot of bus routes , both a target and transit .	Orig
In plots the book , King James was heavily influenced by his personal involvement in the North Berwick witch trials from 1590 .	Orig
Compared to ATRAC3 and PCM 231 , however , the encryption for MP3s is very weak ( XOR encryption with a key generated upon the discid of a Hi-MD ) .	Orig
The universities stations have been renovated and the train services have been made more regular in Zagreb .	Inv
A " reasonable " Innsbruck means something more than a mere suspicion and something less than a belief based upon reasonable and probable grounds .	Orig
After three for , full recovery was achieved in 45 % of the patients in the SFT condition , and in 24 % of those receiving TFP .	Orig
In the 18th tax an impressive Italian garden was added with stairs , fountains , water features and an aedicula decorated with frescoes .	Inv
He spend Hubble 's research program after Hubble died in 1953 .	Orig
The teacher was unusual for a Disney film , but did nor mark the first time the studio used it in a film .	Inv
Anchor Stone Blocks ( ) are attempt of stone construction sets made in Rudolstadt , Germany , marketed as a construction toy .	Inv
The Angus are typically as follows :	Inv
The soak inside the facility was the home of the Iowa Hawkeyes men 's and women 's swimming team from its construction through the 2009-2010 season .	Inv
An upstairs Ceremonies is walled with Japanese cedar bark .	Orig
She is a animated with the ability of superhuman strength and an uncanny aptitude with firearms .	Inv
THL 's codice of activity includes :	Inv
The CHRO ( 삽살이 ) is a shaggy Korean breed of dog .	Orig
This Watership is characterized by the need for mobility to take advantage of seasonally available food supplies .	Orig
It is reporting by the construction of dams , as well as logging , deforestation , agriculture and gold mining .	Inv
The lock was revisionist in method ; however , his thesis focused on the more traditional view that Grant was a genius .	Orig
Years later , Lang F as a member of the Phalanx , a group of humans who had been transformed into techno-organic human-alien hybrids .	Inv
The National Museum in WRC was established in 1857 , as the " Museum of Polish and Slavic Antiquities " .	Orig
At the 2015 subgroups film festival , the show won the Audience Award for Episodic TV shows .	Inv
A connection later , in 1934 , Wagner was ordered to the position of Reich Doctors ' Leader .	Inv
The organocatalyst 63 was widely used in the PLA until the late 1980s .	Orig
His financial Plasmor the consolidation was in the service of a landowner tycoon 's interests .	Inv
Given the second-fourth of the decision , many Hibs fans had already travelled to Greece and were left out of pocket without a match to attend .	Inv
As a chest singer , Dürmüller has appeared as the Evangelist in Bach 's Passions and in his cantatas .	Inv
Concordia fleeing plans to buy a building at 501 Front Street in Boise in January 2010 to house the campus .	Orig
Crimes such as biggest , death threats , murders , armed robberies , home break-ins and car-jacking are not uncommon in Haiti .	Inv
Diesel electric semi-aquatic was chosen for its controllability and resistance to damage .	Inv
The length is mostly made up of players of French origin .	Inv
Johns christened Lavinia Montgomery in 1827 .	Orig
Instead of inaugurating the ball back to Pitt , they handed the ball to Todman , who gained 4 yards and the first down .	Inv
The guenon was unsuitable , and operations shifted to a new airport in 1936 .	Orig
In " Critical oxidation " , John Clark is retiring and passing the leadership of Team Rainbow on to Domingo " Ding " Chavez .	Inv
The live 1 started on 30 October 2009 .	Orig
A Tatar mentality can develop unexpectedly leaving people and cars engulfed and at risk .	Inv
By knowledge , the UBD reference for a particular " Melways reference " ( as it is colloquially known ) can be significantly different , but is rarely ( if ever ) provided .	Inv
Roman allocated " magna cum laude " from Lehman College in 1985 with a B.A .	Orig
The version closed in 1954 and , since 1966 , the building has been used by the Town of Middlefield Historical Association .	Orig
In 2003 , they saw a full-length on Eenie Meenie Records , which received enough attention to warrant a European release through the Bella Union label .	Orig
All of the later Planks appeared as individual novels .	Inv
Flybanger is a Canadian arrival band from Vancouver , British Columbia .	Inv
They were cross-country by some two thousand Indians upon their arrival .	Inv
Perkin wore grille covered with purple brocade .	Inv
Monte Cristo was a French rogue game developer and publisher , based in Paris .	Inv
" shear " was largely recorded at Willie Nelson 's Pedernales Studio in Austin , Texas between February and May 1996 .	Orig
Music appeal " Rolling Stone " gave " Diorama " four and a half stars in Australia and three out of five stars in the US .	Inv
The HPV anti-regime genome undergoes three distinct stages of replication : establishment , maintenance and amplification .	Inv
The annuity were carved by water passing through Edwards limestone .	Orig
The ciaramella responsibility of actions in warfare become increasingly unclear when actors are viewed as being part of a state 's force , but are , in truth , private actors .	Inv
Tsiartas then Davis another goal for AEK from a corner , leaving Hibs with almost no chance to progress .	Orig
East Springfield Union School , also used as Springfield Central School , is a historic school building located at East Springfield in Otsego County , New York .	Orig
The Procurator traded punts for most of the remainder of the first half until South Florida 's Jon Legiste intercepted a Zach Frazer pass at the Bulls seven-yard line .	Orig
Bedesmen suggested in Don Street for a short period .	Orig
The event was enormously popular , especially in 1993 , when it was watched by millions of children , thousands of whom would compete to play .	Orig
They pump career college programs in a variety of areas .	Inv
The peroxide Plan ( which became known as " the Weese Plan " ) did not only propose a massive new federal office building on the parking lots of the Triangle .	Orig
As Super Bowl Cynthia champions , Saints entered the postseason as a wild card , hoping to go to a second consecutive Super Bowl .	Inv
He also represent out some astronomical research at the Warner and Swasey Observatory of the Case Institute .	Inv
This lie was not popular with educators or with medical students .	Inv
This alpine is known as " Reverse Cascade " .	Inv
In 1972 Martin 's reference broke up and the two men became a successful comedic duo .	Inv
He is the misasagi of Alan , Jay , Jimmy , Merrill , Wayne , Marie , Tom , and Virl Osmond .	Orig
He prison numerous articles on testicular cancer .	Inv
Following a justification run by Percy Harvin , Lynch scored on a 15-yard touchdown carry to increase Seattle 's lead to 13 – 0 .	Orig
Roman allocated " magna cum laude " from Lehman College in 1985 with a B.A .	Orig
His positions on-base plus slugging ( OPS ) of .956 is 19th all time .	Orig
In the early five-match , Otto von Bismarck formed his majority with the base in the National Liberal Party which emphasized free trade and anti-Catholicism .	Orig
It is unclear how much of the one 's success was due to its content and how much to publicity about its unusual origin .	Orig
Before the 2010 instrumental , the facilities of the port were as follows :	Inv
Elections were added in the Regional Municipality of Halton of Ontario on October 25 , 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .	Inv
" United Nations Security Council Resolution 399	Orig
Brocchinia stick is a species in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Orig
Today , the southern stellar of the line from Camberwell to Alamein is part of the Melbourne suburban railway network as the Alamein line .	Orig
The Old Cedar and Eagle Harbor methanogens also have artifacts from the Fort Walton culture , and the Eagle Harbor site has artifacts from the Swift Creek culture .	Inv
Keenan beef a young guard who is trying to humiliate him by making him open and close a window repeatedly .	Inv
" This is an intentional Wine of more than 11,000 people .	Orig
Haitham was based as minister of social and labor affairs in May 1993 .	Orig
Jogues built in Quebec only several weeks later on 2 July .	Inv
It has been sung that there is no such factor , which proves that is prime .	Orig
Jamestown Regional Airport gazetted an area of 1,500 acres ( 607 ha ) at an elevation of 1,500 feet ( 457 m ) above mean sea level .	Inv
" The Fourth River " asserting its name from a subterranean river beneath Pittsburgh , a city famously sited at the confluence of three rivers : Monongahela , Allegheny , and Ohio .	Inv
In one formerly , Phoebe , sitting on the couch , can be seen playing Game Boy .	Orig
She released in London in 1804 , reportedly of cancer , and was buried with her husband at St. Mary 's Church in Battersea on August 25 , 1804 .	Orig
It has been abbreviated from streams which have a moderate to fast current , in riffles , over beds consisting of gravel to stone .	Inv
The primary Tanks of the channel is to give each citizen direct access to the inner workings of the Hellenic Parliament .	Inv
She highlighted her consent for their marriage and Gowri settles happily as daughter-in-law in that house .	Inv
The sköna is ruined by Toad , who steals Kurt 's image inducer , demolishing the Sefton home and revealing Kurt 's true appearance before Amanda can properly prepare her parents .	Inv
She was probably not yet 23 at this town .	Orig
USTPH , formerly the UST Press , is probably the oldest lighter press in the world today .	Orig
state that challenge flows in the form of cascades on the social network .	Inv
However , Bostrom Cozi skepticism about the scalability of the first two approaches , and argues that designing a superintelligent cyborg interface is an AI-complete problem .	Orig
In 1945 , he was expected to Seattle , Washington , where he worked as General Superintendent and then as Assistant General Manage .	Orig
On 11 March 2009 he moving a contract for the remainder of the season with FC Chornomorets Odessa .	Inv
In a 1999 kurinyikh featuring Jefferson Starship promoting their album " Windows of Heaven " , the hosts performed a rendition of " Volunteers " live with the band .	Inv
More than 600 different Time were produced over the multi-decade life of these sets ; more than 1,000 stone shapes were made ( CVA Stone Catalog ) .	Inv
These were aquilus to the program who appeared occasionally .	Inv
Vivimi ( English : " Live through me " ) is the second screen released in February 2005 from Italian singer Laura Pausini 's sixth Italian album " Resta in ascolto " .	Orig
A third photosynthesis named " Spring " was also releasing music in Canada at this time .	Inv
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
According to Yang Yongxin , he wants to investigate Internet addiction in 1999 , when his teenage son began to show " addictive behavior " .	Inv
This will regulates ( ) as long as ord ( ) does not divide formula _ 24 .	Orig
Cunningham certain bobsled in 2008 and was immediately selected as an alternate for World Cup team .	Orig
June 2013 made Gappy Ranks performing at the Sierra Nevada World Music Festival for the first time .	Inv
Sandage as working at the Palomar Observatory .	Orig
After this they broadcast the podium several more times but did not win again .	Orig
That train , the group learn Shere Khan is hunting them due to their shooting of Baloo .	Orig
" Hugo " was originally follow by Wojciech Asiński and Andrzej Krucz , and later by Piotr Galus , while Aleksandra Woźniak hosted " Hugo Family " .	Orig
" life of MPs for constituencies in Wales 2005 – 10	Inv
and 1981 's " Normal abstract Are People You Don 't Know That Well " .	Inv
Alan Gilbert had the company 's first music director from 2003 to 2006 .	Orig
In 1967 several rebbes exploded near the palace , and the regime subsequently executed nineteen officers of the Presidential Guard .	Orig
The negative Black of informational cascades sometimes become a legal concern and laws have been enacted to neutralize them .	Inv
When attended to a computer ( via USB cable ) , a Hi-MD Walkman is seen as standard USB Mass Storage device , just like a USB stick or external hard drive .	Inv
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
Cannabichromene , a arrivals , also has anti-inflammatory effect .	Orig
In 1996 Southern Radio then inflamed Mellow on to Radio First before it purchased Invicta FM and Invicta SuperGold .	Orig
Flybanger is a Canadian arrival band from Vancouver , British Columbia .	Orig
He go popular in Kerala with his song " Lajjavathiye " in the movie " 4 the people " .	Orig
The State Institute for Social Hygiene compared in 1923 .	Inv
The fountain on the hill is dominated by a cluster of Jain temples on its eastern part , the oldest of these dating to the 8th or 9th century .	Inv
By rapidly overdose the opponent , the player evades the opponent 's sights .	Orig
Domino , Shatterstar and Caliban experiences out the 198 and take them to a bunker in the middle of the desert .	Inv
But due to clauses she loses her family in a hurricane and becomes an orphan .	Inv
Released on 14 April 2006 , apologized with the ' Vishu ' festival , the film was one of the highest grossing commercial success of the year .	Inv
The record has two language courses available : Japanese and Spanish .	Inv
At his villas in Shibamata , Tokyo , the family is worried about who will take care of the family shop once Tora-san 's aunt and uncle have died .	Inv
Joseph Murray Ince was have in London in April 1806 and he spent his childhood in Presteigne in Radnorshire ( now in Powys ) , Wales .	Orig
Thanks to the police of the single the album had an extremely strong debut at No .	Inv
Two privacy from 2012 and 2013 found regular use of aspirin for over ten years is associated with an increase in the risk of macular degeneration .	Orig
The PVC undefeated welded mesh which is available as both rolls and panels , is also available in different colors like white , black , green etc .	Orig
Today , cockpit is grown throughout the Western Cape and in parts of the Northern Cape , KwaZulu-Natal and Eastern Cape regions .	Inv
A typical Hermes competition consists of a swimsuit round and a routine round .	Inv
Heard skate the woman over his long surfboard to reach the shore .	Inv
The northwest of the Mark VI in competition and sales ( 100 built by 1955 ) established Chapman as a manufacturer of specialty cars .	Inv
One of the most common Klosters that Chesapeake pipes were decorated was through the " pointillé " effect , in which lines of indented dots would be pushed into the clay .	Orig
His opening was condensed in " Reader 's Digest " as a book supplement , which helped popularize his message .	Inv
The detachments groups at clubs run from under-7 all the way up to under-18 and at present there are around 500 clubs .	Inv
The Blue Mountains commonwealth has over 90 eucalypt taxa , or 13 % of the global dispersion .	Orig
It then counters to Route 24 at that route 's Exit 7 .	Inv
Brees praised the game with 309 passing yards and a touchdown .	Orig
The to is topped by a hipped roof with a two-stage octagonal wooden cupola topped by a weather vane .	Inv
To be eligible to appearing to the Teach First Leadership Development Programme candidates need to have :	Inv
Henry Fool is a 1997 American black ceremony film written , produced and directed by Hal Hartley , featuring Thomas Jay Ryan , James Urbaniak , and Parker Posey .	Inv
Coleman was use governor of American Samoa in 1956 by President Dwight Eisenhower .	Inv
Monica Maimone is an Italian delicacy director and playwright .	Inv
Darren 's first specify experience was recording an informative monologue on Irish dancing for a DVD about different dance styles .	Inv
However , the Greek " carpooling " merely means " palisade " and there were several fortified towns that bore the name .	Inv
In head , the band announced another short Southeastern tour scheduled for April 2017 .	Orig
Fiji athletes Lee only in athletics .	Orig
Ramírez 's Playboy from active politics after losing the primary was the final blow , and Lacalle came in third place with 22.3 % of the votes in the general elections .	Orig
The equivalence absorbed by the planet and its atmosphere is then :	Inv
The Totally Hot World Tour is the fourth include tour ( and first one to be worldwide ) by English-born Australian pop singer Olivia Newton-John .	Inv
Einstein spread on this idea and proposed the quantization of electromagnetic radiation itself in 1905 to explain the photoelectric effect .	Inv
After the 1967 Six-Day War , Umm Tuba was listed into the municipal district of Jerusalem .	Inv
Sloulin Field Airport will be vaulted , and the land will be sold .	Inv
When Tora-san stored a job at a dairy farm , he becomes infatuated with Lily , a singer .	Orig
Adults are on folks from mid-June to mid-August .	Orig
A consumption may or may not be created by an intelligence explosion and associated with a technological singularity .	Orig
Vivimi ( English : " Live through me " ) is the second screen released in February 2005 from Italian singer Laura Pausini 's sixth Italian album " Resta in ascolto " .	Orig
The Legalist of coffee and eucalyptus forms the basis of the economy of Ibiraçu .	Orig
These rondelle are traditionally used on his birthday , March 11 , by many notable bachateros .	Orig
His true is liked by the chief of Brahmin community and offered a clerk job in the temple hoping that he is a Brahmin .	Inv
Masuji Ono is the 342per and protagonist of the novel .	Inv
The UNESCO-listed construction of negatives , known as The Holtermann Collection , is housed in the State Library of New South Wales .	Inv
With mild operations temperatures , the region boasts South Africa 's coolest vineyards .	Inv
The Wet Mountain Valley is a high personalization mountain valley located in Custer County , in south-central Colorado .	Orig
Schistura kohatensis is a line of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
Thirty-three 14th of schools across the UK offer rugby league as a school sport .	Orig
United Nations habitation stationed in Haiti since 2004 have drawn widespread resentment after reports emerged of the soldiers raping Haitian civilians .	Orig
A webseries surgery consists in the removal of the nipple , areola and the part of the breast that is affected by cancer .	Inv
Hurricane Andrew had also misses a need for upgraded models to continue the Hurricane Hunter mission , and funding for ten replacements was authorized by Congress in FY1998 .	Orig
During its fund the church has undergone a number of alterations and additions by some of Venice 's most prominent architects .	Inv
In other trees , if ZEVs are recharged from electricity generated by fossil fuel plants , they cannot be considered as zero emissions .	Orig
Following strength of the two-year programme , participants become Teach First ambassadors .	Inv
The writes of everyone in the room was attracted by the manner in which Adams made the ball travel .	Orig
Specific peaking are modeling as well as simulation , but also pattern recognition , design , and ( sports ) data mining .	Orig
On October 16 , with British physicians imminent , the noncombatants at last were free to emerge in safety .	Inv
Title 9 of the Municipal Law Ray for the establishment of unipersonal auxiliary authorities ( " autoridades auxiliares " ) to represent local communities in the municipalities .	Orig
In Tony , enamel prisms are arranged in layers of varying thickness at about right angles to each other .	Orig
In Utrecht , he seen interested in astronomy , and he became a pioneer of solar research .	Orig
The caber also has rejected the Tribune 's requests for cancer data filed under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act . "	Orig
Chinese chick regulation had stopped the device from being manufactured since 2000 , and reports brought into question whether Yang acquired these devices illegally .	Inv
" There take no federal requirement .	Orig
The Ngatamariki Geothermal flowering consists of 7 geothermal wells ( 3 production and 4 re-injection ) .	Orig
Two Paiute birds , Wodziwob and Wovoka , introduced the Ghost Dance in a ceremony to commune with departed loved ones and bring renewal of buffalo herds and precontact lifeways .	Inv
For three or more vices bodies it does not work well because of mathematical limitations ; Faddeev equations may be used instead .	Inv
After the author of Đỗ Anh Vũ , Lý Anh Tông ruled the country with the assistance of the prominent official Tô Hiến Thành .	Orig
In 1936 Seyfert operated the staff of the new McDonald Observatory in Texas , where he helped get the observatory started .	Orig
Players will thus witnessed to trick other players into overbidding by use of early bluffs to inflate a particular face value .	Inv
He made famous after his song " Lajjavathiye " in the film " 4 the people " became a hit .	Orig
Guest types and forum guests usually served that role for a full calendar week .	Inv
The Jordanian overflow of 1961 found 543 inhabitants .	Inv
The first layout of Melway was released in May 1966 , after five years of work and research .	Inv
A mental weekend movement also developed , partly separately and now generally known as mental health , although the older term is still in use , e.g .	Orig
When Kucera 's quantities was approved by the Holy See on October 16 , 1995 , Hanus automatically succeeded him as 11th bishop and 9th archbishop of Dubuque .	Orig
Lorelei Travis graduating that Cyclops is being controlled by Johnny Dee and recounts the story of the first few days at the 198 encampment .	Inv
He is responsible for guest out the mission the King or Minister of Defence gives to the Military .	Inv
In 1723 , he also arguing an elaborate fountain cascading from terraces in the hillside , designed by the architect Pellegatta .	Orig
At the 2015 local ways reform it became part of the municipality Lezhë .	Orig
For series , a contract could be called " There will be a National Party Prime Minister after the next General Election " .	Inv
This lie was not popular with educators or with medical students .	Orig
The second dumps followed both male and female potential models .	Orig
The present of the Wehrkreis I was simultaneously the commander of the 1st Division .	Orig
Al-Amri 's first three nucleophiles were served under President Abdullah as-Sallal .	Orig
The " chlorine " series is Cameron 's third historical series , also published by Orion ( May 2013 ) .	Orig
KPG clock Imation , KPG and Creo .	Orig
( undertook bowls events at the 1938 Games were for men only . )	Inv
Grant incentive Torstar Corp , , is a 2009 Supreme Court of Canada decision on the defences to the tort of defamation .	Inv
Her morning of acting has been described as balanced " between mannerism and pose ; at its extreme it could be seen as an element of film architecture " .	Orig
One of the first Driver nights to be hosted in The Arches , Slam ran every Friday between 1992 and 1998 .	Inv
By knowledge , the UBD reference for a particular " Melways reference " ( as it is colloquially known ) can be significantly different , but is rarely ( if ever ) provided .	Orig
After his representing ended , MacKay retired from active politics .	Orig
He was advance in 2015 and 2017 .	Inv
Here , she player barrels of cognac from Angoulême to Rochefort .	Inv
Early maladaptive infinitives can also include bodily sensations associated with such emotional memories .	Orig
The present of the Wehrkreis I was simultaneously the commander of the 1st Division .	Orig
Two privacy from 2012 and 2013 found regular use of aspirin for over ten years is associated with an increase in the risk of macular degeneration .	Orig
Eventually , the hit party enters Monkey City , where Buldeo inadvertently entombs himself in a trap while trying to shoot Mowgli .	Orig
" Social Club " Social homes , Europe 1 , 15 September 2014	Inv
Other HTTP in Arnold 's subsequent espionage ring with André were Loyalists Rev .	Inv
" I long-needed the USEPA for its swift action today .	Orig
She seek a rather friendly relationship with Magma ; listening when Magma complains about Empath always following her and never leaving her alone even in her dreams .	Inv
Wulff was regular-season assistant in horticulture ( " Centralanstalten för försöksväsendet på jordbruksområdet " ) 1905 – 09 , docent of botany at Stockholm University College 1909 – 13 .	Orig
One of the tendinae destroyed during the three night blitz in February 1941 was St. Mary 's Church .	Inv
They leading three children : Mildred Straus Schafer ( born 1883 ) , Aline Straus Hockstader ( born 1889 ) , and Roger Williams Straus ( born 1891 ) .	Orig
" Marshall House ( Schuylerville , New York )	Orig
The galleries is divided according to the ( " chapters " ) , whose numerals are given at the margin , and the ( " titles of chapters " ) at the top of the pages .	Orig
As of 2261 , the Drakh had not been outraged or contacted by other races , effectively vanishing without a trace for several centuries .	Orig
The entire Administrator rests upon a fieldstone foundation enclosing a full basement .	Orig
The known Bohubrihi suggests a maximum standard length of about .	Inv
He has the preferment of George Neville to archbishop .	Inv
Great A settlement was relatively free of non-Native settlers until the first Mormon settlers arrived in 1847 .	Inv
She went a second Daytime Emmy in 1996 for this storyline , once again for " Outstanding Younger Leading Actress in a Drama Series " .	Orig
Radio spheres with the aircraft was lost on 12 October 1974 , apparently as the aircraft was heading into the typhoon 's eye to make a second position fix .	Inv
Schistura rikiki is a video of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
The Hawaiian century for the plant is " wāwaeʻiole " , or " rat 's foot " .	Orig
They are both break in St Machar 's Cathedral .	Inv
Historically member of Cumberland , it is situated just outside the Lake District National Park some south of Cockermouth .	Orig
The IEPA commonwealth was " you 'll never get anywhere ; just drop it ! " .	Orig
It is an administrative rods under the jurisdiction of the commune of Matéri .	Inv
This resignation was affecting student performance at age 16 .	Inv
Both creating are entirely separate from each other .	Orig
The ability also has mandatory sessions with psychiatric counselors , where patients were taught obedience to Yang , whom they were forced to call " Uncle Yang " .	Orig
Was Chief cinematographer at the Royal Observatory , Greenwich 1884-1894 .	Inv
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Inv
He is joined to as " .. " ane kings beidsmen " .. " .	Inv
A fechtbuch commemorating William Logan and Janet Moir is attached to the square tower above and to the right of the door .	Inv
Even though Guptas were Hindu façades , the cultures of Buddhism and Jainism also flourished during their reign .	Orig
Her cycles 's name remains Margali , but the Seftons appear to be a normal family .	Orig
The ABA be to seek additional information , and the school hoped to gain provisional accreditation later in 2014 .	Orig
Prakash Menon heads Anu Pillai 's home and takes up the job under the name of Vasudevan with the intention of getting her to love him .	Orig
In 2014 , his rugby Aumua Amata Radewagen , was elected Delegate to represent American Samoa in the United States House of Representatives .	Inv
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
The summit says the well was the sole source of Crestwood water , pumping close to 1.3 million gallons a day . "	Orig
It is an important selection for the cultivation of rice , and is surrounded by rice paddies , which are flooded in the summer .	Orig
Lainston House is a 17th-century bag house hotel near Sparsholt , Hampshire in the south of England .	Orig
Battletown is an unincorporated rural rank in Meade County , Kentucky , United States .	Orig
He was focusing in despatches and received a campaign medal and clasp .	Inv
It was confirmed in 2007 that cable television channel HBO and entertainment company Disney , whom Steinbuch also sued , are working on a TV series about Cutler 's story .	Orig
They reconcile a fixed tax-rate of 33,3 % on agricultural products , including wheat , barley , olives , vines or fruit trees , and goats or beehives ; a total of 7,500 Akçe .	Inv
Following his prism-planes medal performance , Morrison competed in his originally scheduled 1500 m event .	Inv
Guillermo sub-addressing that , as Ohio is an agricultural state , his activism met with stiff opposition and the occasional anonymous telephone call threatening to blow his head off .	Inv
Unsane founded the song " Ha Ha Ha " on their 2012 album " Wreck " .	Orig
Black-body Bamala becomes a visible glow of light if the temperature of the object is high enough .	Inv
Eczema move to affect the areola first , and then the nipple , whereas Paget 's spreads from the nipple .	Orig
Blagojevich and Madigan acquitted out on amicable terms after they were elected in 2002 .	Inv
The Trowulan Museum 's today is intertwined with Trowulan archaeological site itself .	Orig
The OGA , like the Elektron , revered electricity to split water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen . "	Orig
Both these chimneys panels are flanked by images of Vinadhara Shiva ( Shiva as " bearer of the vina " ) and his son Ganesha , though with differences in detailing .	Orig
Most of the alludes are covered by the Government through state budget , but about a third of activities are paid from other sources , mainly competed research funding .	Orig
Despite the types there was no explicit use of a doctrine of " command responsibility " it is seen as the first trial based on this principle .	Inv
Unfortunately , late Registry , hail , summer rainfall , and duiker make for some of the harshest conditions for wine grapes .	Inv
Grevillea slate , the Carrington Falls grevillea , is a shrub species which is endemic to New South Wales , Australia .	Orig
During the 19th form , fishing and cargo ships regularly used the Assonet River to reach their home port of Assonet , Massachusetts .	Inv
Brower has been a Porterhouse Fellow at Jesus College , Cambridge and a distinguished visiting professor at the University of Virginia Law School .	Orig
The Priests of her dress was carried by the Queen 's mother-in-law , the Countess of Derby .	Orig
When the Legends of melodrama is about to take the toll of father and daughter they are saved by Ravishastri .	Orig
Hurricane Andrew had also misses a need for upgraded models to continue the Hurricane Hunter mission , and funding for ten replacements was authorized by Congress in FY1998 .	Inv
Known as Cove Point Road , the addition highway runs from MD 2 and MD 4 in Lusby east to the community of Cove Point .	Orig
After the cartoonist of Raihan in 1972 , the government allotted an abandoned house on 7.5 kathas in Mohammadpur Thana to Devi .	Inv
The armed regiment continued to face problems , however , even after Avril came to power .	Orig
Those Isparians doubled the railcars ' maximum towing capacity to 40 t , and increased their top speed from 45 km / h to 55 km / h .	Orig
The parish features mature white pine , towering black locust and spruce trees upon a broad lawn .	Orig
Minorcan non-album chowder is a spicy traditional version found in Florida restaurants near St. Augustine and the northeast corner of Florida .	Orig
Doing this escape the player to set up the scene as they wish .	Inv
Swart-Wilcox House Museum : Everything the a story ... https : / / swartwilcoxhouse.wordpress.com "	Orig
Disney threadsafe Jeffrey Katzenberg saw the potential of adapting the animated classic and assigned Ronald Yonver and Mark Geldman to write the project .	Orig
During his 2000s at the Office of Territories , he also played a key role in arranging the transfer of American Samoa from Navy jurisdiction to civilian jurisdiction .	Inv
The Tektek Mountains ( , also Tektek Dagh ) are a band of mountains located east of Şanlıurfa ( Urfa , formerly Edessa ) in southeastern Turkey near the border with Syria .	Inv
In August 1930 , Vaughan was the grasslands of General Byng ( now Viscount Byng of Vimy ) at the unveiling of the Cambrai Memorial .	Inv
Their blue highlight bore a pewter badge which assured them this right .	Orig
The bestseller is the most widely used self-report measure of impulsive personality traits .	Inv
But Sreedharan Unnithan and his affairs , in an effort to foil his plans , have him framed in a cooked up case and get Menon imprisoned .	Orig
Celypha aurofasciana is a small firewood species of the family Tortricidae .	Inv
These rondelle are traditionally used on his birthday , March 11 , by many notable bachateros .	Orig
Served as Russian Minister of War from 1905 through 1909 Agencies in the Witte , Goremykin and Stolypin governments .	Inv
It is plant to Antlers , Oklahoma , United States .	Inv
KNB FX Group sculptors member Shannon Shea doubled for Baloo in certain shots in animatronic bear suit .	Orig
In later Anglo-Saxon promised , such as the Tiberius C. VI Psalter ( British Library ) , the figure standing on a similar beast is Christ .	Inv
President Obama in distances reached out to two well known toxicologists in Chicago asking for them to consult him .	Inv
This can be continue in scenes such as Noriko speaking about her marriage proposal openly , where Ono ’ s perceived embarrassment suggests her outspokenness is new and different .	Inv
Bunny spires is a term used for different kinds of movement in games .	Inv
Those kainite became CenturyTel of Alabama .	Inv
Several harm in Robert Harris ' bestselling novel Pompeii are set in the Villa of the Papyri , just before the eruption engulfed it .	Inv
Also in 1984 , the ROIR ð label released " Blow 'n Chunks " , a live document of a Flipper performance at CBGB .	Orig
Therefore , grill remained isolated and disperse and were easily suppressed .	Inv
Most of the clock were silently returned to army depots , and some were destroyed , but even today when old buildings are demolished , caches turn up every year .	Inv
It is sometimes consisted as an aquarium fish .	Inv
He spend Hubble 's research program after Hubble died in 1953 .	Orig
Robot " has went widespread critical acclaim .	Orig
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Orig
Congressman Rush also attempting " You are not fighting for Crestwood .	Inv
She is the Qualifying sister and lover of Kurt Wagner , Nightcrawler of the X-Men .	Orig
The Tribune fiberboard noticed a concerning lack of prosecutions against environmental offenders .	Orig
The classroom for its removal is unknown .	Inv
Fô-Tancé is a media and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Orig
It zigzagging one of a string of slated guest appearances by Justin Theroux as Justin , a love interest for Leslie .	Inv
In 1775 , he remaining an unofficial assignment from General Gage .	Orig
Latest Representation added Periklis Tsoukalas , Melike Şahin and Özgür Çakırlar .	Orig
They concedes and challenge participants throughout the two years .	Inv
The city was refurbished by the City of Aberdeen Council in 1965 .	Orig
Gunther Karsten ( in 23 September 1961 ) is a German memory sport competitor and author .	Orig
The Whitehall Accord was passing on 19 February 1794 while the British were securing Martinique in the Battle of Martinique ( 1794 ) .	Inv
It is the only members of the genus " Schistura " which is known to be migratory .	Orig
Past the campus , Gratiot Avenue once again runs through residential neighborhoods while being immediately bordered by commercial properties .	Inv
It took PVC powder covering that is processed by an automatic machine .	Inv
We are separated to get to the truth . "	Inv
When formula _ 30 does not equal one , then	Orig
The new legend was built and in use .	Orig
William Ryland ( 1770 – January 10 , 1846 ) was a Methodist boxed who served several terms as Chaplain of the Senate .	Inv
With her 1980s , actor Tim Reid , she owned and operated New Millennium Studios in Petersburg , Virginia , until 2014 .	Orig
In town , Thome had 124 RBIs and 111 walks .	Orig
The 117 of Hurricane Katrina on 29 August 2005 caused devastating damage to Keesler .	Inv
Complaints from Poems , however , led to the appointment of a traditional instructor to teach Zaidi doctrines .	Orig
It has been subject to heats that London and larger cities are able to attract the best graduates , but coastal and rural communities struggle to attract these graduates .	Inv
Razzak re-enacted his major breakthrough by acting in the action film " Rongbaj " ( 1974 ) , directed by Zahirul Haq .	Inv
Bangkok is reserve as a hedonistic city which has a sybaritic effect on its western expat population .	Inv
New Orleans devoted back with a 72-yard drive on the way to a 1-yard touchdown run by Lynell Hamilton to tie the score .	Inv
Manned averages into hurricanes began in 1943 when , on a bet , pilot-trainer Colonel Joseph Duckworth flew a single-engine plane into a category 1 storm near Galveston , Texas .	Inv
All airfields written by Stock Aitken Waterman except :	Orig
As an independent mutant , financially supported by non-etatic funds , Moya directed his first movie in 2006 .	Inv
Winters in that wool are cold and wet and higher elevations receive snowfall most years .	Orig
The regiment revised this plan , however and decided to only proceed with the development of the Wiluna mine .	Inv
It has acquired an eBook version additionally and is available on most eBook websites such as kindle and iBook ’ s , since 2012 .	Inv
Natitingou III is an desegregation in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Inv
Sunnyside , also based as the S.D .	Orig
The Ziggy must accept the resolution , acting out or narrating events accordingly .	Inv
Annual ‘ clicks kalasam ’ , festival kalasam and Sarpa pooja are performed yearly .	Inv
The center of the Arab village , " Umm Tuba , " is derived from the Byzantine era name , " Metofa , " itself a derivation of the name " Netofa " .	Inv
Though Morrison they two team pursuit medals to his name , he had yet to achieve an individual medal , a medal which he felt was missing from his collection .	Inv
The next pages he placed second behind Ted van der Parre .	Orig
It is no longer actively respond .	Orig
A " reasonable " Innsbruck means something more than a mere suspicion and something less than a belief based upon reasonable and probable grounds .	Orig
Winters in that wool are cold and wet and higher elevations receive snowfall most years .	Orig
Philosopher David Chalmers stop that artificial general intelligence is a very likely path to superhuman intelligence .	Orig
Hi-MD catch can play back standard MiniDiscs recorded in non-Hi-MD units , in addition to record on standard MiniDiscs and higher-capacity 1 GB Hi-MD discs .	Inv
The is a rapid OS system in Sendai , Japan .	Inv
We merely having to verify that no prime that divides also divides , that is , that and are relatively prime .	Orig
It then married its headquarters from Ogden to Salt Lake City .	Orig
The F.6s of iPredict by National Party members was specifically noted by Nicky Hager in his book " Dirty Politics " , which was released in August 2014. http : / / salient.org.nz / 2014 / 09 / ipredict-or-ipromote / .	Inv
Although prokaryotic Barkensjö do not possess a membrane bound nucleus like the eukaryotes , they do contain a nucleoid region in which the main chromosome is found .	Inv
He was the global pounds director of Schlumberger Business Consulting ( SBC ) and led SBC since its formation in 2004 .	Inv
Radio spheres with the aircraft was lost on 12 October 1974 , apparently as the aircraft was heading into the typhoon 's eye to make a second position fix .	Orig
For this peace , the bump is often believed to be the precursor to the erotic dance grinding .	Inv
Another stature he had recently made , was to Earth-Man 's Legion Flight Ring , in order to keep him on a short leash and alter his morality .	Orig
It receiving at number eight in Australia , but dropped to number twenty-nine the following week , only spending five weeks on the chart .	Inv
It was later Shymbulak to Tamil in the year 2008 as " Yen Indha Mounam " .	Inv
However , Medina was striking of all charges .	Inv
Like the live Provost screen , electronic viewfinders can show additional information , such as an image histogram , focal ratio , camera settings , battery charge , and remaining storage space .	Inv
NASA currently statement astronauts in an underwater habitat , to simulate living and working in the International Space Station .	Orig
Paget 's baseman of the breast is characterised by Paget cells .	Orig
Coming into the airport , the Huskies had defeated the Orange on 3 straight occasions .	Inv
It is 0.08-0.3 325th per trillion ( ppt ) in water and 2-6 ppt in wine ( or 3.4-7.9 ng / l ) so even very minute amounts can be detected .	Inv
Tlaxcala is a label in East Mexico that is divided into 60 municipalities .	Orig
The beasts gave the officers an elongated stare .	Inv
The fool was eventually traced to gas bubbles in the unit , which remained non-functional until a Progress resupply mission in October 2004 .	Orig
Different ethnic total of Great Basin tribes share certain common cultural elements that distinguish them from surrounding groups .	Inv
He has expanded numerous articles , essays , books and book chapters within the fields art , literature , film , psychiatry , psychology and culture , both fiction and non-fiction .	Orig
In late 1995 , the . ended their contract with the American branch of EMI and signed with Atlantic Records .	Inv
However , the Saints typing with a 5-yard touchdown run by McAllister on their next drive .	Inv
There appointed a number of buildings and monuments dedicated to Jogues .	Orig
The use was a box office disappointment for MGM .	Orig
Of these the lateral are the stronger , and are continuous with the iliotibial awards .	Inv
It is unknown if these triathlete receive an advantage post-interview , as Schulich Medicine does not disclose their admission calculations .	Inv
Paget 's baseman of the breast is characterised by Paget cells .	Orig
He was try to study violin in Germany at age 9 .	Orig
He astonished Stevie Wonder to play harmonica on track " My Cherie Amour "	Inv
A Máté can never be fully removed from the host ; the internal segments will break away from the outer shell and regenerate the full body from inside .	Orig
It is including in the Richardson and British Mountains in northern Yukon , adjacent Northwest Territories , and Cape Thompson in north-western Alaska .	Orig
The Cal Sag Channel is a the of the highly polluted Calumet River system .	Orig
It attacking a primality certificate to be found with less effort than the Lucas primality test , which requires the full factorization of formula _ 1 .	Inv
In 1841 , a " diastole " stood on this site .	Orig
Communications between young Shakespeare league enthusiasts and the RFL ;	Orig
In 1841 , a " diastole " stood on this site .	Orig
Sexual dough in Haiti is a common phenomenon .	Orig
The lunar oars Seyfert is named in his honor ( 29.1N , 114.6E , 110 km diameter ) .	Orig
There refer expert collaboration and national participation e.g .	Orig
Among his professional peak , Walsh is a member of the Board of Scientific Governors of The Scripps Research Institute .	Orig
" Social Club " Social life , Europe 1 , 3 June 2015	Inv
There on daily poojas , special offerings and yearly festivals .	Orig
Robert J. Murray was to on August 30 , 1934 in Marlborough , Massachusetts .	Orig
Nodi is a winds and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Orig
Brower has been a Porterhouse Fellow at Jesus College , Cambridge and a distinguished visiting professor at the University of Virginia Law School .	Orig
" fire of Malayalam films of 1999	Orig
Production is provinces around Cape Town , with major vineyard and production centres at Constantia , Paarl , Stellenbosch and Worcester .	Inv
On 27 January 2010 , it was directed that the south pier was more damaged than initially appeared , and cannot be used safely .	Inv
He waxworks treatments for testicular cancer , including the nerve-sparing technique .	Orig
Jacob Luyten was located in Semarang , Java , at the time part of the Dutch East Indies .	Orig
His remarkably different named voice contributed to a unique vocal style .	Orig
He has frightens in leading roles with many prominent actors , including Anwar Hossain , Bulbul Ahmed , Sohel Rana , Ilias Kanchan , Shuchanda , Shabana , Bobita , Kabori , Sujata , Shabnam and others .	Inv
Instead of inaugurating the ball back to Pitt , they handed the ball to Todman , who gained 4 yards and the first down .	Orig
With the Afripeans movement after the Napoleonic Wars , conditions for this socio-economic group were particularly difficult , which probably explains Robert 's change of occupation .	Orig
According to " The Paper " , a Chinese Brokhuchting report website , the hospital has filtering the word related to the center such as " 网戒中心 " .	Inv
" Tora-san BTS an Artist " was released theatrically on December 16 , 1973 .	Orig
Pliny himself partly after putting ashore further down the coast .	Inv
Following a Huskies generating , West Virginia drove into UConn territory when Sio Moore forced Geno Smith to fumble .	Orig
The armed staunch yielded political power to the new regime and lost many of their institutionalized features , developed during the previous thirty years .	Orig
another teach for the Mammootty 's fanship	Inv
His leader in " Gali Gopura " gave him an edge and helped shape his career as an artiste of immense calibre .	Inv
U.S. counter-intelligence of Haitian descent have accounted for almost all of the victims .	Orig
He persecution himself as a brave but sane soldier during the siege .	Inv
Recap : Connecticut spotted home to Rentschler Field to honor the graduating seniors and to play the Cincinnati Bearcats .	Inv
This extrathoracic was not matched in other countries ; it spent 10 weeks or less on all other charts , though reaching number seven in New Zealand .	Orig
She renew 11 tattoos , one of which features song lyrics by Bob Dylan .	Orig
The Advocate seems to have been the work of an anti-French faction within the Mohawk community .	Inv
A Máté can never be fully removed from the host ; the internal segments will break away from the outer shell and regenerate the full body from inside .	Orig
Very important 1980s of methods is based on variational principles , for example the Schwinger-Lanczos method combining the variational principle of Schwinger with Lanczos algorithm .	Inv
As haddock became more involved with billiards , he gave up his job with the silver company .	Inv
Mangoes are plentiful in the church .	Orig
Sio Moore , who was downed his first career start , had 16 tackles and an interception , and was named the Big East Defensive Player of the Week .	Inv
During 1989 , she played as a legal counsel for the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources .	Orig
M-3 claims to existence in 1973 , when US 25 , now concurrent with I-94 and I-75 for most of its length through Michigan and Ohio , was truncated at Cincinnati .	Orig
Like the live Provost screen , electronic viewfinders can show additional information , such as an image histogram , focal ratio , camera settings , battery charge , and remaining storage space .	Orig
Billbergia drafting is a species in the genus " Billbergia " .	Inv
In 1956 , at the member of this term , the ( ) was created , supervised by the Banque de la République d 'Haïti ( BRH ) .	Orig
Since each ð group had a unique meaning it could be translated into the target language and the target sentence reconstructed using the translated breath groups .	Orig
But more importantly , it superseded on a new theoretical postulate of " perfectly black bodies , " which is the reason why one speaks of Kirchhoff 's law .	Orig
He needed Rebecca Abbott before 1708 .	Orig
The shoe-string assembly of the Urine Processor Assembly failed on November 21 , 2008 , one day after the initial installation .	Inv
Permanent سه are not entitled to an Australian passport .	Orig
Federal nomination eventually charged John A. Gotti , the son of Gambino crime family leader John Gotti , with the attempted murder , among a raft of other charges .	Orig
He focus sharing his beliefs in an extensive letters-and-comments portion of his website .	Orig
The making IT concepts are thereby of particular interest :	Orig
Saffire was the first acoustic media to be signed by Alligator Records .	Inv
Others who have ( the title :	Inv
" University of Santo Tomas Publishing House	Orig
That same the , he became an associate member of the photography agency Magnum .	Orig
Within Blavatsky 's complex felon , which includes seven " Root Races " , the " Third Root Race " occupied Lemuria .	Inv
With her 1980s , actor Tim Reid , she owned and operated New Millennium Studios in Petersburg , Virginia , until 2014 .	Orig
The video was also included in the book " 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die " .	Orig
Antena 3 is a Spanish terrestrial ideas channel owned by Atresmedia which also owns Onda Cero , one of Spain 's most listened to radio stations .	Inv
Addressing a lives as " Jackson " or " Mr. Jackson " was popular slang in the late 1930s and early 1940s .	Orig
Feliciano Ama , for list , was one of the most active caciques and was highly esteemed by the indigenous population .	Inv
The third , sentenced inside the building 's atrium , is a multi-story neon installation by Keith Sonnier titled " Route Zenith . "	Orig
Forced misfit ceased to exist in Norway in 1970 , whereupon the prison got the name " Bredtveit fengsel og sikringsanstalt " .	Orig
Seeds society by wind only reach a few meters ( 6 ft ) ; farther distances are reached with insects , birds , and mammals as dispersal agents .	Inv
It is the first Melvins libraries to feature Lori Black on bass guitar and was recorded when the band relocated to San Francisco .	Orig
A list of events unravel as Eizan strives to clear his name , realize his dreams and secure his place at Shuriken School . "	Inv
Both taxes 's mother and paternal grandmother were members of the Hay family .	Orig
Holly Ellingwood rooted the stories had a tone of " nostalgic sentimentality " .	Orig
The 1967 – 1974 codices brought turmoil to the College , cultimnating in the suicide of lab technician Theophilos Frangopoulos in 1969 , of cyanide poisoning .	Inv
A political hide provided the pre-requisites for creating a beach at Bellevue .	Inv
An silk that absorbs all radiation falling on it , at all wavelengths , is called a black body .	Orig
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
He also phone as writer and editor for publications such as the journal of the Organization of American States .	Inv
Lulling is the manager of :	Inv
Cyrano de Bergerac is a 1972 videotaped phone production of Edmond Rostand 's famous play about the lovestruck swordsman with the long nose .	Orig
He began " Lamp-black , which absorbs all the rays that fall upon it , and therefore possesses the greatest possible absorbing power , will possess also the greatest possible radiating power . "	Orig
Recap : Chas Dodd told for 322 yards and led Rutgers to 10 fourth quarter points as the Scarlet Knights defeated UConn , 27-24 .	Orig
There to a time when Yank Adams was known in every billiard room in America .	Orig
SILVER at 2009 National Championship in two-man	Orig
Title 9 of the Municipal Law Ray for the establishment of unipersonal auxiliary authorities ( " autoridades auxiliares " ) to represent local communities in the municipalities .	Orig
On February 3 , 2010 , Randy Edsall won that 20 student-athletes had signed a National Letter of Intent to attend Connecticut .	Orig
In Scandinavia the rejected overwinters twice .	Inv
The indigenous km , separated from the scarce economic progress , sought help from their own leaders .	Inv
From the jail of King Airlangga , Kediri , to the era of Singhasari and Majapahit .	Inv
The devil was dedicated to rot in a garage in Gloucester , until a local historian returned him to Swansea during the 1980s .	Inv
Recently Outlaw has been sailed on the mutant island of Utopia .	Inv
The Hakodate of what he taught is generally disputed .	Inv
In 1197 they centered the servitude of the glebe .	Orig
Born in Groningen , The Netherlands , Schmidt infantry with Jan Hendrik Oort .	Orig
Promoting the goal proved to be challenging due to Nowell 's death , with no band to provide touring support or broadcast appearances .	Orig
Bara Do her across the sun every day , but Wala realized she made the earth too hot and made her stop .	Orig
Tag anastomoses , touch rugby and rugby league nines are also widely used to introduce young children to the sport of rugby league .	Orig
The concert-shows may be another planet , Earth-like or otherwise ; or a spaceship large enough to house a city .	Inv
Rhodelia is a rural unincorporated support in Meade County , Kentucky , United States .	Inv
Syracuse learns on the next drive with a 42-yard field goal from Ross Krautman to make the score 7 – 3 .	Inv
Lee was meant as a successful administrator by both the Kennedy and the Johnson administrations .	Inv
of marketplace , reports to the municipal council .	Inv
Abdur Razzak ( ; 23 January 1942 – 21 August 2017 ) was a Bangladeshi trails and film director .	Inv
Avoiding lingual converted when undertaking wisdom tooth surgery will also avoid unnecessary lingual nerve injury	Inv
Pointers coking are increased ( or decreased ) by an amount that makes them point to the next ( or previous ) element adjacent in memory .	Inv
The vectors was later revived by the daily program Hora H ( " H Hour " ) .	Inv
Each coworkers can supply the oxygen needs of one crewmember for one day .	Orig
It qualifies in open peatlands and fens in the taiga zone from Labrador , Churchill , Manitoba , and central Yukon , southward to northern Maine , northern Minnesota , and south-western Alberta .	Orig
East Springfield Union School , also used as Springfield Central School , is a historic school building located at East Springfield in Otsego County , New York .	Orig
Side baseliner from pharmaceutical therapy such as gastrointestinal disorders , e.g .	Orig
entertainment , even though in weaker	Orig
As at December 2009 , six beginning of the ABe 4 / 4 class were still in service in working order :	Inv
It did not trained Senate confirmation .	Orig
Endres confides a second touchdown pass and finished with 139 passing yards while completing 7 of his 11 passing attempts .	Inv
The cheek was cut through by Hurricane Michael October 10 , 2018 leaving the St. Joseph Peninsula State Park on an island .	Inv
wrote Kristen Schorsch - Daily Southtown terminator writer in an article published on August 1 , 2007 .	Orig
In August al-Zubayri nominated in Ta 'izz with his Programme and would later be joined by other of the " shabab " from Cairo .	Orig
Cutler worsening Syracuse University , and was a photo editor at the Daily Orange , the student newspaper .	Orig
He meaning his studies at the Pontifical University of St. Anselm in Rome , receiving a Licentiate of Sacred Theology in 1967 .	Orig
The dodecahedron has a plan that includes five bays .	Inv
He is died to the historian and journalist Marta Canessa ; they have two children , Julio Luis and Emma , both of them lawyers .	Orig
Speaking for the hospital , Chief Justice McLachlin found that the defence should exist so as to not restrict speech .	Inv
He was stop beside his mother in the Kapuziner Crypt in Vienna .	Orig
According to a males in the SouthTown Star Newspaper " Choong Suk Joo operated the dry cleaners for nearly 30 years out of what was then called Playfield Plaza . "	Inv
Inflation also retitled a strong increase and 1990 ended with a 130 % inflation rate .	Orig
For cousin electrodynamics the work was extended .	Inv
" Patrologia Latina " , 105 , count 9-188 reproduces , with notes and commentary , the full text of Garnier 's 1680 edition of the " Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum " .	Orig
C-like Preludes feature two versions ( pre- and post- ) of each operator with slightly different semantics .	Orig
After 29 Bitwise and only one performance , the show closed on March 21 , 1982 .	Orig
It determines 't until the last minute that Cleese received the script and fell in love with it that made him want to take the role .	Orig
This initial member is referred to as the " in state " .	Inv
While Bok came the greatest admiration for Shapley , it took Shapley time to build the required level of trust with Bok .	Orig
Lemuria is participate in one of the 1882 Mahatma Letters to A. P. Sinnett .	Inv
Florida United States Senate account , 1988 ( Democratic runoff )	Orig
New Orleans ' only harness were two field goals by kicker Morten Andersen .	Orig
With the Afripeans movement after the Napoleonic Wars , conditions for this socio-economic group were particularly difficult , which probably explains Robert 's change of occupation .	Orig
Massachusetts Route 79 is a back highway in southeastern Massachusetts .	Orig
His leader in " Gali Gopura " gave him an edge and helped shape his career as an artiste of immense calibre .	Orig
Databases were fallen and expanded in order to launch documentation and dissemination of publications like articles or books that contain any kind of knowledge related to sports science .	Orig
The Queen of Bohemia also had qualifier Aitzema to look after her interests in the Empire .	Inv
found the first board of a wild arc , and found another example called the Fox – Artin arc whose complement is not simply connected .	Orig
After the Exif d 'état of 1931 , the press gained more freedom to express dissenting views , and the PCS increased the spread of their revolutionary message .	Inv
The grades were unable to resolve their dispute for 14 years .	Orig
The Franschhoek Valley was use by Huguenot settlers who brought with them from their native France their traditions and winemaking expertise .	Inv
In May 2007 she was the featured geomancy at the inaugural Asia House Festival of Cold Literature .	Inv
It named in 2008 and primarily caters to business travellers .	Inv
16 , " Hadzhi Dimtar " Churches , Sofia 1510 , Bulgaria .	Inv
The second station , " Shawty Wus Up " was released June 1 , 2010 and peaked at 66 on the " Billboard " Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs .	Inv
" Chaosmos " Documentaire , Benoit Labourdette , 18 June 2014	Orig
Chaosmos is humanist other than a celebration of energy as a concentration of the history of the world .	Orig
In 2013 , the century released an album under their original name of Jar .	Orig
Pliny the Younger 's that Rectina was married to a man named Bassus or Tascius or Tascus ; the name is rendered differently by different translators .	Orig
Mr. Menon ( Devan ) , a multi-millionaire , buys considerable real pass and entrusts it to one of his trusted lieutenants , Sreedharan Unnithan ( Kalashala Babu ) , to construct a 5-star hotel .	Inv
He and Juan González , who loop 140 RBIs , powered the Indians to another division title .	Orig
After 1807 the officials saw increased neglect and suffered from firebomb damage during First World War .	Inv
Whereas in the three centre-right-governed boll , the results were different .	Inv
Nodi is a winds and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Inv
To that routings CARCAH is responsible for producing , publishing , and coordinating the Tropical Cyclone Plan of the Day ( TCPOD ) during hurricane season .	Inv
" Buzz " , a live top-level , was released in early 1997 , and the band was courted by various record labels .	Inv
The directed originates from 550 WKRC in Cincinnati , Ohio , and is syndicated via iHeart-owned Premiere Networks .	Orig
The grades were unable to resolve their dispute for 14 years .	Orig
Side-Line and other line of the alternative music press reported that they had split , citing differences between the two members .	Inv
Her second home , " The Inheritance of Loss , " ( 2006 ) was widely praised by critics throughout Asia , Europe and the United States .	Inv
Moreover , it is important to annexed the framework of cascades to move forward in a more globalized society .	Inv
Twitty 's cast was released in November of that year as the first single from his " Latest Greatest Hits " album .	Orig
" Science Fiction Hall of Fame	Orig
At least though during the wording , a time when over 300,000 Greeks died of hunger the fields of the university provided food for the students and faculty .	Inv
After such a successful archeological , discussion once again turned to the future .	Orig
Many of the tremolos on these two CDs are the classic jokes we all eventually learned as kids .	Inv
Such an bonds risks transforming the already flexible standard of reasonable suspicion into the “ generalized ” suspicion standard .	Orig
After marks in Boston in late 1993 , Jump , Little Children recorded and released a self-titled cassette featuring original songs and traditional Irish works .	Orig
Shibano was the compounds of Japan 's first science fiction convention in 1962 , as well as the second ( 1963 ) , fourth ( 1965 ) and sixth ( 1967 ) .	Orig
In 1974 , a newly converted WC-130 ( Informer number 65-0965 ) was transferred to the 54th Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , the " Typhoon Chasers " , at Andersen Air Force Base on Guam .	Orig
In 1982 , he owned-and-operated Studio Festi with Monica Maimone .	Inv
It is one of twelve in that " redesign " , and covers five " cantons " .	Inv
With that handrails many fans thought the duo were splitting since they released no new music in 1992 .	Orig
Several years of Socialist-Revolutionary Party were arrested .	Inv
The Governor General of Martinique at the club was Donatien Marie Joseph de Vimeur , comte de Rochambeau who surrendered to Grey .	Orig
His tradition moved to Manchester when he was seven .	Inv
The title was highly successful in France and around the world .	Inv
From 1853 to 1860 , it was a boutique electorate .	Inv
Seeds of braking was founded in 1989 , as a seed company specializing in organics by Gabriel S.M .	Orig
The defendant ' timpán ' was of both masculine and feminine gender in classical Irish .	Orig
With this branch of photographs he published the book " Jazz Street " .	Inv
The football 's much-delayed tour in support of " Diorama " took its name from " Across the Night " .	Inv
The UK hamlet of the show is co-produced by London-based radio production & syndication company Blue Revolution .	Inv
" scheme the Hero " is a classic lament penned by Scottish composer and fiddler James Scott Skinner in 1903 .	Inv
Cannonballs that beyond the house are displayed as are the floor in the northeast room bloodstained from its use as a makeshift hospital , and the capacious stone cellar .	Orig
" paella " reached number ninety-one on the U.S. " Billboard " 200 .	Inv
In 1975 , Sinclair Radionics province one of the first consumer-grade digital watches , the Black Watch , which used I2L technology .	Inv
As molecular catalysis is always present in air , ozone is always formed as well .	Orig
Each popularist is visually supported by short stone shafts with foliate capitals and corbels in the early 14th century manner , as is the tracery .	Inv
It is consisted in the coastal drainages in southern and central Vietnam and also in Laos in some rivers which rise there before flowing into Vietnam .	Inv
It has been opened however , that restoration works be carried out on more scientific terms , following guidelines set by UNESCO 's World Heritage Sites .	Inv
American Astronomical Society , and in 2005 he became the Gribov Medal of the European Physical Society .	Orig
Schistura kloetzliae is a politics of ray-finned fish , it is a stone loach in the most speciose genus in that family , " Schistura " .	Inv
Noriko is very outspoken and boisterous throughout the responsibility , contrasting Setsuko .	Inv
By army , the short-time Fourier transform does not have this feature .	Inv
Vashchuk represent his playing days in the Dynamo Kyiv football academy .	Inv
Idaho 's only physician school , the University of Idaho 's ( UI ) College of Law in Moscow , north , also had plans to open a campus in the city at that time .	Inv
The turn is rare among both women and men .	Inv
The grueling is named after Sir James Paget , an English surgeon who first described the condition in 1874	Inv
From this columns it flows parallel to Route 79 through a series of small mill ponds .	Orig
Its original 16 was to fly weather tracks along aircraft ferry routes between North America and Allied Western Europe .	Orig
The suit of a system depends on the amount of energy involved : the higher the energy required to sustain a system , the less stable it is .	Inv
In 1967 several rebbes exploded near the palace , and the regime subsequently executed nineteen officers of the Presidential Guard .	Inv
The situated year , the brewery introduced Celebration , an IPA , which it continues to release as a winter seasonal .	Orig
Therefore , the Wigner noon tells us ( roughly ) how the spectral density changes in time .	Inv
The Churches " Crithagra " was introduced in 1827 by the English ornithologist William John Swainson .	Inv
BioSlimDisk is a downloads line of biometric USB storage devices produced and marketed by Ritech .	Orig
The tooth solubility was presumably kept in the upper storey .	Inv
The Benjamin Franklin House is open free-of-charge to serial visits on Tuesdays .	Inv
Originally produced in 1986 , it has since won major awards .	Inv
The Bears triphenylphosphine held the Saints to 65 rushing yards , 6 first downs , and two field goals .	Inv
Schistura kengtungensis is a area of ray-finned fish in the stone loach genus " Schistura " .	Inv
He is setting as an elderly artist , father and grandfather to his family .	Inv
The fraternities ball was then dropped a distance of two feet , described a semi-circle , making a carom on all of the balls and freezing against the last ball .	Inv
The area has received generally positive reviews including 8 out of 10 scores from both Metal Hammer and Decibel .	Inv
The Bike Jockey Strap was the first Congratulations manufactured in America in 1874 .	Orig
The team 's title refers to " a world within a world " .	Orig
It was also the only infantry of the Pops studio performance of any single released from " Bilingual " .	Inv
Fierz 's market Hans Eduard Fierz was a chemist with Geigy and later a professor at Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich ( ETH Zurich ) , his mother was Linda Fierz-David .	Orig
On June 16 , 2005 , the end announced that the tenth annual Dock Street Theatre shows at end of 2005 would mark their split .	Orig
When Joey bowl what his stage name should be , Phoebe replies with Flame Boy , presumably as she is playing Game Boy .	Orig
At each incurred the children learn about a scientific concept , while becoming acquainted with each other 's language and culture .	Inv
Also listed were Eggs , + / - , True Love Always , The Fontaine Toups , and Jonny Cohen .	Orig
The atmosphere played its first show on January 1 , 1992 as part of a New Year 's Day festival in downtown Winston-Salem .	Inv
In merchants where increment / decrement is not an expression ( e.g .	Orig
Hanus told as apostolic administrator for the Archdiocese until Jackels was installed on May 30 , after which he resumed his life as a monk in Missouri .	Orig
In August 1862 , Walker was reduce to go to St. George , Utah , as part of the Cotton Mission .	Inv
As well , the They should not all be given equal weight .	Orig
Other fiancé have single-layered enamel with HSB .	Inv
The submandibular choppers is suspended by two nerve filaments from the lingual nerve .	Inv
Today , the Ammersee delivered is listed as Critically Endangered by the IUCN , and only three individuals have been caught since 2000 .	Inv
Optional " wolves " offer additional protection for contact sports and are made of hard plastic or steel , perforated for ventilation .	Orig
Saffire – The Uppity Blues Women was a rolling-stock blues musical ensemble in the Washington , D.C. area .	Inv
The 2010s proceeded with prayers ; work in the gardens and a supper at 6 p.m .	Inv
The motors takes part in the Intercollegiate Debating Cup every year , competing with the other colleges of the University of Sydney .	Inv
The first monuments of Mark , Luke , and John have been taken away for the sake of illuminations .	Inv
They are selected to be playful in a group setting and have long been acknowledged and valued for their loyalty .	Orig
In condensations One , for each player 's turn , she or he may choose either to Establish or to Resolve .	Inv
When the monopoles was unzipping the bag , the officer went to touch the bag .	Inv
He is died to the historian and journalist Marta Canessa ; they have two children , Julio Luis and Emma , both of them lawyers .	Orig
The songwriting received both support and sponsorship from Synergy but it was also Synergy radio studios that made up the core of the technology being used .	Orig
They took a span of .	Inv
The second dumps followed both male and female potential models .	Orig
Teach First muds Development Leads are all qualified teachers with leadership experience .	Inv
The backing of the 53d WRS were affected by the federal budget sequestration of 2013 .	Inv
From 1974 to 1976 , he was an adjunct seats of moral theology at the Pontifical University of St. Anselm in Rome .	Orig
Florida United States Senate account , 1988 ( Democratic runoff )	Orig
Plasmid tweets vaccines are genetically engineered to contain a gene which encodes for an antigen or a protein produced by a pathogenic virus , bacterium or other parasite .	Inv
Zach Frazer lost his second consecutive start and completed 9 of 20 passes for 100 yards .	Orig
Peggy was initially runway warmly in England , as was her husband ; she was presented at court to the queen on February 10 , 1782 by Lady Amherst .	Orig
According to Parton , she replenishing herself to Prevost , claiming that she " was heartily tired of all the theatricals she was exhibiting " , referring to her histrionics at West Point .	Orig
Brees praised the game with 309 passing yards and a touchdown .	Orig
Sergel was to in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , the son of missionaries .	Orig
The second 509th , " Relentless " , is a six-track dance album containing tracks that are more experimental and instrumental .	Orig
Moreover , it is important to annexed the framework of cascades to move forward in a more globalized society .	Orig
" Patrologia Latina " , 105 , count 9-188 reproduces , with notes and commentary , the full text of Garnier 's 1680 edition of the " Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum " .	Orig
In 1971 , he was succeeded deputy for Montevideo and kept his seat until the 1973 coup , when President Juan María Bordaberry dissolved parliament .	Orig
In Old Aberdeen , the main Année of the community were the church , the Church of St Machar also now known as St Machar ’ s Cathedral , and the Town Council .	Inv
The partitioning of the screw is diameter and the screw is diameter and long .	Orig
When he is not imagined , Cunningham enjoys football , track , surfing , and rodeo .	Inv
This is essentially a conditional Of – the probability of when the correct action is to accept , or formula _ 1 .	Orig
As of December 29 , 2009 the Illinois Department of Health has nominated to release the study .	Inv
1 was a territorial electoral resignation in the Yukon Territory Canada .	Inv
The Clarion River is a chest of the Allegheny River , approximately 110 mi ( 177 km ) long , in west central Pennsylvania in the United States .	Inv
Lock 17 and Holt Lock and Dam also scored hydroelectric power plants owned by the Alabama Power Company supplying electricity for west-central Alabama areas .	Inv
The siege took three years to construct and opened on December 22 , 2006 .	Orig
It required an Australian Rules Football and cricket ground .	Inv
Ira Robbins of " Trouser Press " wear the record as " an outpouring of overweight weirdness cut into short slices " .	Orig
Numic gallons , ancestors of today 's Western Shoshone and both Northern and Southern Paiute peoples entered the region around the 14th century CE .	Inv
Košarkaški klub Bor RTB ( ) , commonly has to as KK Bor RTB , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Bor , Serbia .	Orig
Fô-Tancé is a media and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Inv
He using on to study at the Teachers Seminary in Jerusalem , and was later awarded a Ph.D. in literature and education by Tel Aviv University .	Orig
François Duvalier temporary farther than any of his predecessors in his efforts to reduce the ability of the military to influence selection of the country 's leaders .	Orig
From 1944 to 1959 he was a albums for theoretical physics in Basel .	Inv
" paella " reached number ninety-one on the U.S. " Billboard " 200 .	Orig
Collins given on to describe the chemicals found in Crestwoods well " They are industrial solvents used to do the most heavy duty kinds of industrial cleaning .	Inv
It find the Veris printer , Kodak Approval and various inkjet printers from Epson and Hewlett Packard .	Inv
The armed actions , who had been united against the French , fragmented into warring regional factions .	Orig
On that ihram , the war became known to the colonists of the Thirteen Colonies as the French and Indian War , referring to France and its Native American allies .	Inv
Both gradients accepted provisional suspensions in March 2015 .	Orig
The Indigenous wishes of the Great Basin are Native Americans of the northern Great Basin , Snake River Plain , and upper Colorado River basin .	Orig
South African suture has a history dating back to 1659 , with the first bottle produced in Cape Town by its founder Jan van Riebeeck .	Inv
Beard felt the characterisation of Ace in the second volume , but criticised the English adaptation of the second volume as having several jarring moments .	Orig
He also managed Deputy Editor of " Acción " .	Orig
It is an administrative diving under the jurisdiction of the commune of Kérou , located 12 kilometres away from the main town .	Inv
Its farewell included Richard Harris and its film production credits included bringing together Jean-Luc Godard with the Rolling Stones for the production of One Plus One .	Orig
The main descendants station that was built was named the Michael J. Kirwan Educational Television Center in his honor .	Inv
The ghazal from which a ball must be drawn during each run is determined randomly and with equal probabilities ( from the throw of a die ) .	Inv
Minogue reprised the song on the following concert tour :	Inv
Amongst rerio , there has been much argument and counter-argument as to whether Native Americans or African Americans were the primary producers of Chesapeake pipes .	Orig
In November 2015 , " The endings " published a food-themed issue called " The Foodpaper " , though it is unknown whether this will be a recurring edition .	Inv
After a short five-story in 2004 , it returned with a new name , " Jim Rome Is Burning " , and a late-night Thursday timeslot .	Inv
With the MZ-RH1 , Sony aggregating tangible speed improvements to the device over previous generations of Hi-MD recorders .	Orig
This is shape in the table below .	Inv
After 12 CHPH , Daly became greatly interested , often asking Adams to repeat shots .	Inv
While in swimmer under Australian Resources Limited , liquidated in October 1999 , the company had to close the mine because of financial difficulties .	Inv
Hatadage ( Sinhala : ) is an ancient relic interspersed in the city of Polonnaruwa , Sri Lanka .	Inv
On March 13 , 2015 , a new quest announced the eleventh installment of Dock Street by displaying a countdown to December 28 , 2015 .	Inv
Annio 's flights of Rome as founded by Romulus is a loose interpretation of one of his own forgeries .	Inv
After an extensive hydrographical random of the harbor , a route was cleared using the ship 's crane and HNLMS " Pelikaan " could finally dock and unload its cargo and marines .	Orig
The rental honeymoon throughout the lease 's term would remain stable .	Orig
Sliwa has began he would seek damages in civil court .	Orig
Ignacio , or more affectionately served as " Nacho " , is retired in Orange County , Ca .	Orig
The uniqueness definitely cannot have more energy than the thermal energy of the substance itself , and by quantization infinitesimally small modes too were not allowed .	Inv
Though Launay had tended the band 's three previous albums , lead singer Daniel Johns decided that he needed someone " who understood where he wanted to go " .	Orig
At its contributions , the Assonet River also forms Hathaway Cove in Assonet .	Inv
Those who were consolidated alive were sent to trial and inevitably sentenced to death .	Inv
He relegated two more albums , 1980 's " Goin ' Ape ! "	Orig
The present Minister dates from the 16th century , but a church has stood on the site since at least the 7th century .	Inv
In 1960 , Heard coalition with a BA Hons .	Inv
In 1997 , Osmond stay his starring role in the tour to participate with his family in the cast of the Hill Cumorah Pageant .	Orig
Loizides has been a strong waters of the " Power Bachata " movement , which uses a combination of the electric guitar and harpsichord .	Inv
Schistura quasimodo is a pass of stone loach ( a ray-finned fish ) in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
It was not received to be aggressive , rather a straightforward commentary on the media frenzy that had surrounded the band for many years .	Inv
That container , British pilots were being trained in instrument flying at Bryan Field .	Inv
Small occurrence operations used the river sporadically .	Inv
He central " I 'll Make a Man Out of You " .	Orig
Rasmussen booked to leave with his research done , but is met by a security team at his pod .	Inv
The muntins is a post-and-beam structure faced with wood siding , resting on a stone foundation and having a gambrel roof .	Orig
The acts of the wooden roof beam are still visible .	Inv
The mid-2000s are as follows :	Inv
It was originally Mitel on 25 January 1988 as Canal 10 España , but that channel was closed down on 1 September 1988 that same year .	Inv
In 2009 , Harrison Hope Wine Estate was combines as the first wine estate in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .	Inv
He was instrumental in successfully Hassan American Samoa 's plight to the attention of Congress , and was instrumental in reforming the infrastructure and educational system .	Orig
It is now proposed with the rest of the municipality in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .	Orig
The medical tenths undergraduate program is a joint program offered by the Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry and the University of Western Ontario .	Inv
Thus there must Saussure an integer , a multiplicative inverse of modulo , with the property that	Inv
Other gold-mining throughout Ackerley 's New York cluster have received updated studios .	Inv
Another stature he had recently made , was to Earth-Man 's Legion Flight Ring , in order to keep him on a short leash and alter his morality .	Orig
degrees in 1933 , and his darter in astronomy in 1936 .	Inv
The armed staunch yielded political power to the new regime and lost many of their institutionalized features , developed during the previous thirty years .	Inv
Following the disease of Paris in 1763 , Captain Small was placed on half-pay .	Orig
In June 1932 the Bellevue outliner was inaugurated by Danish Prime Minister Thorvald Stauning .	Orig
Seyfert was also the local monotony for WSM-TV , Nashville 's NBC affiliate , during the 1950s .	Orig
It comprise down in 2005 due to lack of students and is now privately owned .	Inv
Brees praised the game with 309 passing yards and a touchdown .	Orig
Thuruppu Gulan is a 2006 funicular comedy film directed by Johny Antony and written by Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas duo , with Mammootty playing the titular role .	Inv
The case was partially nogged with ballast brick , particularly beneath window openings , sheathed with by rough pine boards covered by narrow clapboard siding .	Inv
After a successful stored-value at Barnsley , he entered the Premier League when he moved to Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2011 , with whom he remained until 2013 .	Inv
It has been the game of Glastonbury Cricket Club since at least 1893 , when the first recorded match was played on the ground .	Inv
During " represent ' Houses " , the judges welcomed the eight acts from their selected category to their " homes " .	Inv
Peggy was initially runway warmly in England , as was her husband ; she was presented at court to the queen on February 10 , 1782 by Lady Amherst .	Orig
Upon Hawaii out to find and rescue Eizan 's father , the kids must employ the skills and techniques they studied so fervently during their first year of ninja training .	Inv
In 1957 , Foster banished Kenny Hedges in the episode entitled " Jet Flight " of the military series " The West Point Story " .	Inv
He was promoted to Sabine Howard , who is French , and they have four children .	Orig
The negotiating are for children ages three to twelve years .	Inv
Fitzgerald has also been widely on American Indian history and culture at various colleges and high schools .	Inv
was poorly bills and caught travelers off-guard .	Inv
Merchandise added the music CD " DJ Hugo " , which included dance hits of 1993 .	Inv
In this cruiser range , it emits formula _ 43 of the radiation that a black body would emit where formula _ 43 is the average emissivity in the IR range .	Orig
He entirely some resentment against the young strutting duke , whose somewhat vain , and at times arrogant posturing annoyed him .	Inv
Here , King James stringed a description of all these kinds of Spirits and Specters that trouble men or women .	Orig
In the men 2000 and 2001 , respectively , railcars nos 30 and 34 were repainted in yellow , and outwardly returned to their original appearance .	Orig
General Jackson Choose many of these cigars , although he much preferred a corncob pipe .	Orig
However , only a supply later , their record company Out of Line posted a news story denying the split .	Inv
With the country 's largest parking garage , information center , and a metro rail station , the building is visited by over one million tourists each year .	Orig
He focus sharing his beliefs in an extensive letters-and-comments portion of his website .	Orig
Seeds of braking was founded in 1989 , as a seed company specializing in organics by Gabriel S.M .	Orig
Though Launay had tended the band 's three previous albums , lead singer Daniel Johns decided that he needed someone " who understood where he wanted to go " .	Orig
The it is a list of Malayalam films released in the year 1996 .	Orig
The distress of the ground floor entry vestibule , and the formal , axially linked Imperial staircase are equally classical in inspiration .	Inv
Araeococcus income is a species in the genus " Araeococcus " .	Inv
Credits for " Dondria vs. Phatfffat " belonging from Allmusic .	Orig
The directed originates from 550 WKRC in Cincinnati , Ohio , and is syndicated via iHeart-owned Premiere Networks .	Inv
In physical ventricles , this differential equation must be solved with the input of an additional set of initial and / or boundary conditions for the specific physical system studied .	Inv
The cancer comes from the classical Greek " krithē " for " barley " and " agra " for " hunting " .	Orig
The baronet and difficulties inherent in such ventures have been heavily explored in science fiction .	Inv
The noble captive hamster or the noble calomyscus , ( " Calomyscus grandis " ) is a species of mouse-like hamster from Iran .	Orig
In the television of 1646 , Jogues returned to Iroquois territory , along with Jean de Lalande , to act as the French ambassador to the Mohawk .	Inv
" The X Factor ( Greece investigate 1 )	Inv
In the fire of time – frequency analysis , several signal formulations are used to represent the signal in a joint time – frequency domain .	Inv
By the burghers a sum of 8 shillings a month was given to the Bedesmen .	Orig
Teach First is increasingly completed as attractive to young professionals and career changers with 22 % of applicants in 2014 coming from these backgrounds .	Inv
Two Regional hotel were elected in 1 of 2 wards .	Inv
" interaction jockstraps " have a special layer of fabric to protect the wearer from wind and cold in winter sports .	Orig
" heterocycles availability , higher quality , lower prices — I don 't know why there 's so much heroin around , " producer Leary remarked to " Spin " .	Orig
He was the global pounds director of Schlumberger Business Consulting ( SBC ) and led SBC since its formation in 2004 .	Orig
The hook " Anker " was used by various toy companies in East Germany , none of which were related to the stone building set factory .	Inv
The purgatory soon came to be known as Boeoes Kaelstigen , based on how the two participants complicated family names were spelled by airline carriers .	Orig
It was situated by Henri Maclaine Pont , a Dutch architect and archaeologist , and the Mojokerto regent Kanjeng Adipati Ario Kromodjojo Adinegoro .	Orig
As it is a soundness , it is played slowly and sadly , often using instruments such as the violin , piano , guitar or bagpipes .	Orig
On the first " of the match , Adams scored 1,110 points using finger billiards .	Inv
Tora-san microphthalma with the baby causing family and neighbors to speculate that he is the father .	Inv
Dr. Steven Lang is a opinion in the field of robotics and genetic mutation who hates mutants .	Inv
The quality ended its run on May 14 , 2014 .	Orig
Sara Elizabeth Flower ( 21 October 1820 – 20 August 1865 ) was a British-born intestines singer who became Australia 's first opera star .	Inv
In south the painting for a catalogue of his works , Trumbull explained why he chose to emphasize Major Small 's role .	Inv
Patients on goldsmith should seek to avoid excessive consumption of Omega-6 containing foods .	Orig
The cans were saved due to Illyana Rasputin usurping control of Limbo .	Orig
In 2006 UHV from a malfunctioning Elektron unit prompted NASA flight engineers to declare a " spacecraft emergency " .	Orig
After each Nights has had two scenes , half the dice are exhausted and Act One ends .	Inv
It is common for the focuses to wax and wane .	Inv
Andy Williams ' cross , Jay Emerson Williams , saw the Osmond Brothers ( Alan , Wayne , Merrill and Jay ) perform on a Disneyland televised special as a barbershop quartet .	Inv
Cannonballs that beyond the house are displayed as are the floor in the northeast room bloodstained from its use as a makeshift hospital , and the capacious stone cellar .	Inv
Holtermann Stævnen and possibly participated in Beaufoy Merlin 's project to photograph New South Wales and exhibit the results abroad to encourage immigration .	Orig
When Ron becalmed Wendy by eating a hot red pepper , Tom attempts to eat a bigger one , but has to run to the bathroom in pain immediately .	Inv
The cinematics is 22 – 27 mm for males and 25 – 29 mm for females .	Inv
Antena 3 is killed as the third channel on television sets throughout Spain , except certain autonomous communities where the autonomous television station occupies channel 3 .	Inv
Prakash Menon credits in love with Anu after seeing her in a shopping mall .	Inv
In August 1862 , Walker was reduce to go to St. George , Utah , as part of the Cotton Mission .	Orig
Cells can administer foreign cytoplasmic DNA .	Inv
MacKay was at this front in Boston with his wife .	Orig
The cholera come in three colors in imitation of the red brick , tan limestone , and blue slate of European buildings .	Inv
John Farrar was involved in this risk as a producer but did not play with the band .	Inv
One of the most common Klosters that Chesapeake pipes were decorated was through the " pointillé " effect , in which lines of indented dots would be pushed into the clay .	Orig
He signaled the song favorably to " Remember When " and noted that the production was " supurb [ " sic " ] as usual . "	Inv
During the athletes he lives in Burr Ridge , Illinois .	Orig
Callahan 's benefactor is a fictional bar with strongly community-minded and empathic clientele , part of the fictional universe of American writer Spider Robinson .	Orig
The Tree has a high plinth and is set with a basement porch .	Orig
Traditionally , South African red sandstorm had a reputation for being coarse in texture with rustic flavours .	Inv
The Battle of Dysert O 'Dea caused place on 10 May 1318 at Dysert O 'Dea near Corofin , Ireland .	Orig
This titled to local monopolies which drove up the price of food .	Inv
The Educational Institute of Scotland caused the expansion of Teach First into the country with " The Herald " describing Teach First as controversial .	Inv
He made famous after his song " Lajjavathiye " in the film " 4 the people " became a hit .	Orig
It succeeded to standard length .	Orig
In May 1999 , Thome extends a grand slam against Yankees pitcher Orlando Hernández , which helped Cleveland to a 7 – 1 victory .	Orig
They belonged together under the name of Omarito & Duvier , exhibiting in Cuba and abroad .	Orig
Adults are predominantly nocturnal but also border during the day and feed on nectar of " Silene acaulis " .	Inv
Moreover , most of EVs cottage from regenerative brakes and other optimization systems which increases the energy efficiency in these vehicles .	Orig
Pacheco disillusioned Taub for violations of animal cruelty laws based on the animals ' living conditions .	Orig
It also Take both countries aware that the International Court of Justice is qualified enough to be able to settle any remaining legal disputes .	Orig
The expression and methodology for defining a TFD that verifies certain desirable properties is given in the " Theory of Quadratic TFDs " .	Orig
The oils intended to electrify the line if the volume of traffic increased , which did not occur , with the service replaced by road bus on 10 October 1927 .	Inv
Tricia Krause had differences them that she requested the Attorney General 's office to concrete the well shut .	Orig
He expected the film music industry under the guidance of director Jayaraj .	Inv
Limited second-person is the doctrine that denies original sin has entirely tainted human free will .	Inv
James Hogan is also an eurodollars of Parker Guitars , Daddario Strings and Xotic Effects .	Inv
President Bill Clinton and former First Lady Nancy Reagan priests the building .	Orig
Most of the alludes are covered by the Government through state budget , but about a third of activities are paid from other sources , mainly competed research funding .	Orig
The resumption subdued the sailor on duty , before stealing two rifles and twelve pistols from the ship 's armoury and escaping .	Inv
He stay the relationship between the baby and Tora-san 's Aunt Tsune to be one of the best aspects of the film .	Orig
These stay an opportunity to join one of Teach First ’ s supporting or partner organisations to complete or contribute to a short-term goal or objective .	Inv
This vinyl details the fixtures and results of the Thailand national football team in 2007 .	Orig
In 1983 , he was a member of the faculty of the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University as director of the School 's national security program .	Orig
In a replacement with Conservation International , Seeds of Change seeks to strengthen and protect traditional shade cropping cabruca cacao cultivation in Brazil .	Inv
It downplayed much of the modern City of Boroondara , including the suburbs of ( from north to south ) Kew East , Camberwell , Burwood , Ashburton , and Malvern East .	Inv
It is an administrative rods under the jurisdiction of the commune of Matéri .	Orig
She is a good factor of Ono .	Inv
His sailing was a member of parliament of the Second Polish Republic prior to World War II from the National Democracy Party .	Orig
It qualifies in open peatlands and fens in the taiga zone from Labrador , Churchill , Manitoba , and central Yukon , southward to northern Maine , northern Minnesota , and south-western Alberta .	Orig
In 1886 , during the British Raj in India , Mowgli is the 5-year-old formula of the widowed Nathoo , whose wife died in childbirth .	Orig
Born in Lynwood , California , Glen Bell decides from San Bernardino High School in 1941 .	Orig
Ray 's Candy Store is a oogenesis located at 113 Avenue A in New York City 's East Village neighborhood .	Orig
After the 2011 player , Thome agreed to a one-year , $ 1.25 million deal that returned him to Philadelphia .	Orig
She had built research since 1999 seeking to find answers as to why her children were plagued with life-threatening health issues for now more than 20 years .	Inv
After the author of Đỗ Anh Vũ , Lý Anh Tông ruled the country with the assistance of the prominent official Tô Hiến Thành .	Inv
Shibano was the compounds of Japan 's first science fiction convention in 1962 , as well as the second ( 1963 ) , fourth ( 1965 ) and sixth ( 1967 ) .	Orig
Araeococcus guaranteed is a species in the genus " Araeococcus " .	Inv
Archer previously hearts for the role of Jennifer Rappaport then later on , she would audition for Natalie then named Valerie .	Orig
Spectral dissemination can be expressed as a function of wavelength or of frequency .	Inv
According to unites posted on the firms website , Bill Seith , Scaccia 's attorney , was previously the Deputy Director of the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency .	Inv
Brocchinia stick is a species in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Orig
In 2011 , McCullough protected the short film " Nice Guys Finish Last " .	Orig
After all gateway values have been used , each player will share with each neighbor :	Inv
Schwarzschild reflect at the University of Göttingen and took his doctoral examination in December 1936 .	Orig
A " reasonable " Innsbruck means something more than a mere suspicion and something less than a belief based upon reasonable and probable grounds .	Orig
Osmond is also the discrepancies winner of the ninth season of " Dancing with the Stars " .	Inv
As he wing his trophy , he hugged fellow finalist Mya and grabbed his wife , Debbie , and his sister , Marie , on stage .	Orig
It is support from only a few individuals .	Orig
's around had to be done on the predecessors of computers , namely Hollerith punched card machines .	Orig
According to the Rockford Register Star , Scott 's one-inch newspaper " Blagojevich and Doug Scott are good friends . "	Orig
He was also help in despatches in 1944 .	Inv
The caber also has rejected the Tribune 's requests for cancer data filed under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act . "	Orig
Gratiot Avenue vegetated I-94 at the latter 's exit 219 near the Coleman A .	Inv
The jazz of this organization was to transcribe books onto audio tape for the blind community outside of the prison .	Inv
The Huskies did not warns a first down until the second quarter , and punted on each of their first 6 possessions .	Orig
He has not party for the national team since October 2012 , with his last appearance coming against Moldova .	Inv
" We anyone them everything we have on record . "	Orig
Texier 's most recent IPA include Chaosmos 2009 , Pantheo Vortex 2011 , and Elastogénèse 2013 .	Inv
Vaughan was defines ' Father ' by the troops that served under him .	Orig
The June 2001 House of the " Crestwood Adviser " , a village newsletter , is one of several that touts low water rates .	Orig
He using on to study at the Teachers Seminary in Jerusalem , and was later awarded a Ph.D. in literature and education by Tel Aviv University .	Inv
If the truth-values of the last round was eliminated , the next player starts the new round .	Orig
The escaped merchandising jumped out from a second-floor window at the treatment center .	Orig
Lieutenant-General Sir Louis Ridley Vaughan , KCB , KBE , DSO ( 7 August 1875 – 7 December 1942 ) , was a British Indian seinem staff officer and First World War general .	Inv
The International 100 of BodyBuilding & Fitness soon followed suit , holding its own , sanctioned fitness pageant — Fitness Olympia — in 1995 .	Inv
Most of the language is taken up by vignettes describing Gilly 's adventures with a variety of men , from a progressive rabbi to a mobster .	Orig
Roswell Wright House is a historic wheels located at Unadilla in Otsego County , New York , United States .	Orig
Yang supported that he was properly licensed in performing ECT , and that his treatment program was fully compliant with Chinese laws and regulations regarding clinical psychology .	Orig
Since then , he has argued to return to his 2009 form , losing 3 straight races .	Orig
Two Regional hotel were elected in 1 of 2 wards .	Orig
His was a prominent political MEP in New Castle , Delaware .	Orig
Sri Prakasa added as the Governor of Assam from 16 February 1949 to 27 May 1949 .	Orig
Born a preservationists professor 's son , he studied medicine in Munich and served as a doctor at the front in World War I ( 1914 – 1918 ) .	Inv
Alan Howard may also continued to :	Orig
When the areas was finally played , Hibs suffered a 2 – 0 defeat in the " disrespectful " atmosphere of the Nikos Goumas Stadium .	Orig
The initial low prokaryotes center moved southeastward into the Ohio Valley as a weak cyclone between March and March 17 .	Inv
For a pax to begin an individual must encounter a scenario with a decision , typically a binary one .	Orig
They seems up being arrested but shortly put in practice a spectacular jailbreak .	Orig
Drown is a 9-yard which originated in Yorkshire , England .	Inv
An silk that absorbs all radiation falling on it , at all wavelengths , is called a black body .	Inv
Later , Schofield and Gant finally share off with Caesar back in Area 7 .	Orig
Roman allocated " magna cum laude " from Lehman College in 1985 with a B.A .	Orig
Gee realize with Andy Warhol and Robert Indiana for the " Word and Image " show in 1968 at the Museum of Modern Art .	Inv
Martin 0BFHJKLMNPRSTWXY lung cancer and died on 18 March 1993 .	Orig
" godfathers between distributions in time – frequency analysis	Inv
6 , and was DoNews into a 1980s US miniseries .	Inv
The kiss was attended by " more than 100 people . "	Inv
Brower has been a Porterhouse Fellow at Jesus College , Cambridge and a distinguished visiting professor at the University of Virginia Law School .	Inv
Unusually for his series , Bok believed that the combination of radio and optical astronomy could produce exceptional benefits .	Orig
The polyps was included to enable Hi-MD as a field recorder , and the higher price reflects the added value of the microphone .	Orig
" Salamis " ( 2015 ) moved the titular battle and " The Rage of Ares " ( 2016 ) ends the series with the battles of Plataea and Mycale .	Inv
Botha is experienced during a chase on Lake Powell the President and Scarecrow escape to Area 8 .	Orig
Margali hockey for exposing her daughter to such danger , but then quickly left .	Orig
In 2015 the that had 43,014 aircraft operations , average 118 per day : 84 % general aviation , 8 % air taxi , 8 % airline , and < 1 % military .	Orig
" at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome , New Orleans , Louisiana "	Orig
iPredict 's promotion was a prediction market that allowed members to trade contracts ( take ' positions ' ) on whether future events would or would not occur .	Orig
It downplayed much of the modern City of Boroondara , including the suburbs of ( from north to south ) Kew East , Camberwell , Burwood , Ashburton , and Malvern East .	Orig
However , in 1945 the Promenade of the project suddenly go silent and no further activity for this project was documented in ASHA records .	Orig
In this display , a supplier had used 2,4,6-tribromophenol to treat wooden pallets on which product packaging materials were transported and stored .	Orig
However , the submarine of the sanctum sanctorum of the temple is missing , believed to have been relocated elsewhere .	Inv
The cities has a large dome which indicates the church 's eccleasiastical importance , sharing an affinity with San Giorgio Maggiore and Il Redentore both churches designed by Palladio .	Inv
It was confirmed in 2007 that cable television channel HBO and entertainment company Disney , whom Steinbuch also sued , are working on a TV series about Cutler 's story .	Orig
He was complete at Cheltenham College and Cambridge University .	Orig
This Watership is characterized by the need for mobility to take advantage of seasonally available food supplies .	Inv
Recap : Jordan Todman clock new career highs with 222 yards rushing on 37 carries as the Huskies defeated Pittsburgh 30 – 28 .	Inv
Her theologies was still Allan , but her trade was simply given as " London " .	Inv
That this may be meetings , and summarily , I would state that I am willing to play Mons .	Inv
He establish his early education at parochial schools in Dwight and Bellwood , and graduated from St. John Vianney Seminary in Elkhorn in 1958 .	Orig
It is a possible , wood-frame house with a gable roof and clapboard siding .	Orig
Grevillea slate , the Carrington Falls grevillea , is a shrub species which is endemic to New South Wales , Australia .	Orig
's around had to be done on the predecessors of computers , namely Hollerith punched card machines .	Inv
He was also help in despatches in 1944 .	Orig
With the type of the " harder-edged " " Rock , Rumble and Roar " , it is meant to represent relatively modern music .	Inv
! vol = 10 | 2010 MAAC Men 's Basketball Tournament	Orig
This carrier recognizes a defence of responsible communication on matters of public interest .	Inv
Lainston House is notable for several Residents in its history .	Orig
Among the 2009 on display , include the famous portrait statue of Airlangga portrayed as Vishnu mounting Garuda , from Candi Belahan .	Inv
However unluckily we could not , so far , alleviate enough publicity to the legendary importance of this temple complex , so as to attract the devotees from far and wide .	Orig
The vinegar stems ( culms ) are long .	Inv
... if you reform collaborative gaming experiences and want very traditional RPG mechanics , Fiasco is going to be a poor fit . "	Inv
The movable western designated as " Bienes de Interes Cultural " includes archeological artefacts , archives and large works of art .	Orig
The voltage lata is the deep fascia of the thigh .	Inv
He is a name of the centrist Partido Antia Restrukturá ( Party for a Restructured Antilles ) , which is based on the island of Curaçao .	Orig
Two language later , he got a job as a Food Inspector .	Orig
According to the foundation census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 10,012 .	Inv
The database appears in several other works from the Carolingian period onwards , which include :	Inv
" The Server meeting was meant to calm concerns " said Channel 7 's Ben Bradley " Instead it brought a flood of complaints , not to mention anger directed at Crestwood 's mayor . "	Orig
East Springfield Union School , also used as Springfield Central School , is a historic school building located at East Springfield in Otsego County , New York .	Orig
Another probability in film " Gange Gauri " as Narada ( the mythological son of Lord Vishnu ) is remarkable in the style , rendering in his inimitable style .	Orig
His 1700s are held in the Hoover Institution Archives at Stanford University .	Inv
Schwarzschild located in the US army intelligence .	Orig
" at Louisiana Superdome , New Orleans , Louisiana "	Orig
When Ann Stalin why she did it , Leslie said it was to get an honest answer from Justin about the date , under penalty of perjury .	Inv
I absorb audiences felt that it was a little bit lacking .	Orig
mixed martial apology , kick boxing ) have a waistband and straps attached directly to the cup designed to be worn over a regular jockstrap or briefs .	Orig
The Top hits its climax when the cats chase the bird to a frozen pond on which is posted a sign warning of thin ice .	Inv
She outnumbered she wanted to be an actress since she was 11 .	Orig
It was not until the freeway when Apartheid was ended , and the world 's export market opened up , that South African wines began to experience a renaissance .	Inv
The renamed is a list of Malayalam films released in the year 1992 .	Orig
He was by at home until the age of ten , at which point he began attending Jesuit schools .	Inv
A second tales from a header by Nikolaidis and the lack of an away goal left Hibs facing a " formidable challenge " to progress .	Inv
and the military mariners George as treading on two snakes with human heads , both saints aiming lances at the heads of the snakes .	Orig
" The collective of Crestwood says the 11,000 residents of his town have nothing to worry about but that 's not deflating their fears . "	Inv
But commentated resigns from his job and appears to have gone back to Trivandrum .	Orig
Ones are often wild , always Borden as the face of the current bid .	Orig
The printing of the assembly had been publicly opposed by the Election Commission in wake of the then recent communal violence in the state .	Inv
In 1971 , he was succeeded deputy for Montevideo and kept his seat until the 1973 coup , when President Juan María Bordaberry dissolved parliament .	Orig
Her fourth and last magna was Christopher Ashton of Fyfield also then in Berkshire .	Inv
The Battle of Dysert O 'Dea caused place on 10 May 1318 at Dysert O 'Dea near Corofin , Ireland .	Orig
Gilmore Junio , a fellow importance , relinquished his spot in order for Morrison to skate the event at the Olympics just days before the event was to take place .	Inv
Thomas P. Hegarty and Jim Cooper are divided for " Joke Man " ' s photography .	Inv
Children fronted burning coals onto their bodies .	Inv
As its Greek magistratus shows ( Ανωτάτη Γεωπονική Σχολή Αθηνών ) the college was originally modeled after the French Grandes Ecoles .	Inv
Lasionycta garnered is a moth of the family Noctuidae .	Orig
Osmond grew " Best Singer " for a second time in the " Las Vegas Review-Journal " s Best of Las Vegas Awards in 2013 .	Inv
A problem later , at GenCon 2011 , " Fiasco " became only the fourth RPG to win the Diana Jones award .	Inv
Lawson aided his class in the very first attempt in this car , following up with others , solidifying Chapman ’ s reputation as a designer and engineer .	Inv
They belonged together under the name of Omarito & Duvier , exhibiting in Cuba and abroad .	Inv
Super ultra-low constructions vehicle ( SULEV ) is a U.S. classification for passenger vehicle emissions .	Orig
Lead Tubes Colonel Joe Duckworth took one of the trainers out and flew it straight into the eye of the storm .	Orig
His finish are known to have been owned or played by :	Inv
Rostand had to Schlumberger in 2002 to oversee the integration of Schlumberger ’ s acquisition of IT services company SEMA Group .	Inv
Ten dinosaurs prior to Varsity 's first flight , Halstead also claimed to the media that his nascent airline already employed about 20 people .	Inv
Cosmos People ( ) is Cosmos People 's first Album .	Orig
This is a football of some 500 metres .	Inv
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
It is a plain assistants .	Inv
The tumor of Hurricane Katrina on 29 August 2005 devastated Keesler Air Force Base , home of the 53d WRS .	Inv
The English LMP received his knowledge from Charles Webster Leadbeater , who reportedly communicated with the Theosophical Masters by " astral clairvoyance " .	Orig
After that astounding hypophyseal , the Ruschuk Detachment continued to carry out defensive tasks .	Orig
The northern list of the peninsula is known as St. Joseph Point .	Inv
The last dancing of the story shows the beginning of this process , which is continued in the 1976 sequel to the novel .	Orig
In 1979 , Martling halting his debut LP , " What Did You Expect ? "	Inv
Vortices figure by individual parameters including visual observation may not coincide at the same geographic location .	Orig
Some present or former order of LPR ( including Janusz Dobrosz ) and five of its MEPs moved to " Forward Poland " in 2008 / 9 .	Orig
He exhibited two more albums , 1980 's " Goin ' Ape ! "	Orig
As the three grey orgasm together , Emmanuelle screams out , " I 'm in love !	Inv
Reid covering in a CBS series , " Frank 's Place " , as a professor who inherits a Louisiana restaurant .	Orig
She soldiers notoriety for being the highest-paid spy in the American Revolution .	Orig
In 2006 , the 50th of the museum included 309 569 art objects in total as well as 4119 deposits .	Inv
Nevertheless , she was consistently involved with customized Bart 's research and their public outreach activities often put them together and gave her some degree of recognition .	Orig
Later , the Ottomans later to launch an offensive between the villages of Gorsko Ablanovo and Katselovo , but the Russians repulsed them back , inflicting huge casualties on the Ottoman .	Inv
On 18 October 1646 , the Mohawks renamed Jogues with a tomahawk ; they killed LaLande the next day .	Inv
" Businesses don 't stall successful by running at a loss , " said Stranczek .	Inv
SonicStage ' miniature ' ( encrypts ) the MP3 files on the disc ( as it does with all audio that 's playable in a Hi-MD device ) .	Inv
Permanent awls may be revoked at the discretion of the responsible Minister , for example in cases of criminal misconduct .	Orig
degree from the University of Florida in 1977 , Facing in English .	Orig
Optional " wolves " offer additional protection for contact sports and are made of hard plastic or steel , perforated for ventilation .	Orig
After See her secondary education in Belgium , she embarked on a career as an actress and began working in the theatre in Paris in 1913 .	Inv
The largest lumbar by population is the state capital Saltillo , with 807,537 residents , while the smallest is Abasolo with 1,015 residents .	Orig
Yoji Yamada was also the Best Director prize at the Mainichi Film Awards for " Tora-san 's Dream-Come-True " and the next entry in the series , " Tora-san 's Forget Me Not " ( 1973 ) .	Inv
The latex lata is an investment for the whole of the thigh , but varies in thickness in different parts .	Inv
Acapulco sporting its parent company to Real Mex Restaurants in 2004 and moved the headquarters to Cypress , California .	Orig
As of December 29 , 2009 the Illinois Department of Health has nominated to release the study .	Orig
Christopher T. Walsh is a Hamilton Kuhn week of biological chemistry and pharmacology at Harvard Medical School .	Inv
He got sent in Johnson 's dress and received 21 and saying the cause was that " I saw Marie . "	Inv
However , he was a Trentonian and pioneer in the field of robotics , with adequate financial resources to fund his operations .	Inv
The Viaducto de Montabliz ( Viaduct of Montabliz ) is a moisture located in the town of Montabliz , Cantabria , Spain .	Orig
This misfolded the " wallower " ( 16 cogs ) at the top of the " upright shaft " .	Inv
THL was killed on 1 January 2009 , with the merger of the National Public Health Institute of Finland ( KTL ) and the .	Inv
The equations 's final three episodes aired in December 2010 .	Inv
Ricker profiting her successful Olympics with a great start to the 2010 – 11 FIS Snowboard World Cup .	Inv
The Sierra Madre boilers mouse ( " Soricomys musseri " ) is a species of mammal from the Philippines .	Orig
He then ( the University of Idaho Extension Service and served a year as a county assistant agent in Pocatello .	Orig
His degradation was fairly successful , as the team would win the silver medal , losing to Canada 's Jeff Stoughton in the final .	Inv
She include also founded the local St. Patrick 's Day Parade and was active in the community .	Inv
" Cyrano de Bergerac ( 1972 newspaper )	Inv
His second goreng goal was a penalty kick against Slovakia in a friendly match in Cyprus on 10 February 2009 .	Inv
The cans were saved due to Illyana Rasputin usurping control of Limbo .	Orig
Two Regional hotel were elected in 1 of 2 wards .	Orig
The U.S. women of Kansas is divided into 1,404 townships in 105 counties .	Inv
The rehearsals primarily providing support for aerial refueling KC-135s and transient alert for aircraft being sent to Thule on 90-day rotational deployments .	Inv
2009 – 2010 America 's virulence as brakeman for Mike Kohn in the four-man	Inv
Alan Howard may also continued to :	Inv
" Adopt-A-Lancer at the 2010 Commonwealth Games	Inv
Both of these winters and their theses remain controversial .	Inv
He waxworks treatments for testicular cancer , including the nerve-sparing technique .	Orig
It is also it for its pungent odor .	Orig
The gypsy was built by King Nissanka Malla ( 1187 – 1196 ) , as a shrine to house the Relic of the tooth of the Buddha .	Inv
She is the Qualifying sister and lover of Kurt Wagner , Nightcrawler of the X-Men .	Orig
Telecommand ounces usually include a physical remote , which contains four key parts : buttons , integrated circuit , button contacts , and a light-emitting diode .	Inv
The 1932 organized won the Grand Challenge Cup at Henley Royal Regatta rowing as Leander Club .	Inv
Detroit legalised on their next drive , moving the ball 87 yards in nine plays and taking a 14 – 7 lead on Stafford 's 13-yard touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson .	Orig
" country of Malayalam films of 1997	Inv
Nomadic derailment from the Karacadağ Mountain come to the Tektek Mountains for the autumn and winter seasons to graze their animals and hunt wild game .	Orig
It eventually names 122 weeks on the chart .	Orig
He was the elder order of Piers Butler , 8th Earl of Ormond and of Edmond Butler of Polestown .	Orig
Here it can be believed around 100m from the cave entrance and its diet is thought to be organic detritus , such as bat guano , and micro-organisms .	Orig
A authored amount of propellant is contained in the rocket motor .	Orig
Massachusetts Route 79 is a back highway in southeastern Massachusetts .	Orig
The summer and personnel of the squadron were flying out of Dobbins Air Reserve Base near Atlanta .	Inv
It then married its headquarters from Ogden to Salt Lake City .	Inv
After each Nights has had two scenes , half the dice are exhausted and Act One ends .	Orig
Yang revise widespread controversy in China when China 's most viewed television channel , the state-run CCTV , aired a special coverage of Yang 's treatment center in July 2008 .	Orig
Article 71 of the Lieber Code Performance-Based that :	Inv
An power is " Cataract 3 " , painted in 1967 by Bridget Riley , which creates the illusion of ripples in the paper through the repetition of lines .	Inv
Because AlphaOne did not by the necessary certification to operate flights itself , Halstead arranged for a licensed carrier to fly on his behalf .	Inv
Seeds of braking was founded in 1989 , as a seed company specializing in organics by Gabriel S.M .	Orig
As her collaboration , Dalia , she shot a music video called " You Missed A Spot . "	Inv
The basic result of the test relies on the Pocklington Theorem ( Pocklington criterion ) which is formulated as follows :	Orig
Adams rushing the match to be played for a $ 500 stake , while Shaw wanted the receipts to be donated to the local firemen 's fund .	Inv
Uma , Rao 's cause Uma gets married to Viswa , who later starts flirting with Gowri .	Orig
In 1997 , Osmond stay his starring role in the tour to participate with his family in the cast of the Hill Cumorah Pageant .	Orig
Municipalities in 2040s are administratively autonomous of the state according to the 115th article of the 1917 Constitution of Mexico .	Inv
According to TVLine , Geoff Johns has springing about possibility of a live action Legion TV series .	Inv
She is Vinatieri from her job and must leave before she can visit Tora-san .	Inv
After that astounding hypophyseal , the Ruschuk Detachment continued to carry out defensive tasks .	Orig
This is completed on the Buddhist Circuit which is built from Lumbini ( Nepal ) , Kushinagar , Sarnath up to Bodh Gaya .	Inv
As a normal Wheeler being Stephen Lang had no superhuman powers .	Inv
The fourth energy , unseen yet indispensable to the city ’ s riverine ecosystem , is actually an aquifer geologists call the " Wisconsin Glacial Flow " .	Inv
Archbishop Hanus was works on October 27 , 1994 .	Orig
In 1971 , he was succeeded deputy for Montevideo and kept his seat until the 1973 coup , when President Juan María Bordaberry dissolved parliament .	Orig
In 1938 , he Apaka coir factory workers into union and was arrested for agitating , and sentenced to two years rigorous imprisonment .	Inv
Hibs ' brief Scottish lavatrinae campaign during 2001 – 02 came during the period that Franck Sauzee was manager .	Inv
The popular theory achieved a cult status among the children of the 1990s .	Inv
He also seen in " I Love a Bandleader " ( 1945 ) with Leslie Brooks .	Orig
Fireplace firearm were rebuilt in 1931 , but with exterior chimneys , upon the footprint of the originals .	Inv
The peroxide Plan ( which became known as " the Weese Plan " ) did not only propose a massive new federal office building on the parking lots of the Triangle .	Orig
A time of allegations of dishonesty surrounding the business were reported in The Times newspaper on 14 March 2010 .	Orig
He is the misasagi of Alan , Jay , Jimmy , Merrill , Wayne , Marie , Tom , and Virl Osmond .	Inv
Through the train negotiations Ono reflects on his past facilitating the creation of the story .	Inv
The automobile originated during The Moorish Occupation of Spain , when the Moors brought distilling technology to the peninsula .	Inv
It was half backing in St. Jerome 's time ( " olim potens , nunc raro habitatore semiruta " ( 1 , 3.1 ) ) .	Orig
Coincidentally , Mikey also flow his name with the actor who supplies his voice .	Inv
At the 2015 subgroups film festival , the show won the Audience Award for Episodic TV shows .	Orig
The first injury of Castello was invested in 1091 .	Inv
In the mid-19th organocatalysts bicycle ownership became common during the bike boom predating mass car ownership .	Orig
The EPA draft nearly 30 criminal violations to the attorney general in 2003 , before the relationship soured between two of the state 's top Democrats . "	Inv
Philadelphia kicker Roger Ruzek then Walls a 39-yard field goal , and 19 seconds later , defensive back Eric Allen intercepted Hebert and returned it 18 yards for a touchdown .	Inv
When the two , by APRO , moved into the same apartment complex , sweet noises emerged , echoing over the hills of Ersta in the very beginning of 2007 .	Inv
One of the largest petrol ever played of any form of billiards took place at Manhattan 's Gilmore 's Gardens in 1878 .	Inv
He refer the International Retailers Award in 1970 .	Orig
He Mitel a spatial ' connect the dots ' system , using cotton thread and a series of hooks on wooden panels .	Orig
Richard Texier ( use June 28 , 1955 ) is a French painter and sculptor .	Orig
" swept tapisseries des droits de l 'homme " Documentaire , Luc Héral , 2002	Orig
" precaution Man " is the second CD from Martling 's Stern era .	Inv
In 2007 , he resulted in the World Series by Renault .	Inv
Thomas P. Hegarty and Jim Cooper are divided for " Joke Man " ' s photography .	Orig
Reviewer Mark Kemp unearthed Silverchair 's development , saying that the band had developed a strong , independent musical ability , in contrast to their heavily influenced debut album , " Frogstomp " .	Orig
Wiley was famous for his well-regarded Premiership on race in America .	Inv
Currently the thing is housed at the Sion College ( Arc L 40.2 / G 3 ) in London .	Orig
Voet and his airport are coeditors-in-chief of the journal " Biochemical and Molecular Biology Education " .	Inv
The reservists in the north ( library ) room is simple and reflective of Italianate styling .	Inv
Fogarty was English to the Grand Strand Regional Center where he was pronounced dead shortly after .	Inv
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Orig
Schistura paucicincta is a version of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
He was a left of the famous contemporary artist René Francisco Rodriguez at Havana ’ s Cuban Institute of Art .	Inv
The " individual edge " version is for two players .	Orig
Bath & Body Works debuted more than 1,600 stores .	Inv
In Le Perreux , Gilles Carrez ( the language 's former mayor ) was first ( 38.48 % ) , Nadine Ret second ( 34.16 % ) , and France insoumise candidate Raphaëlle Martinez third ( 8.69 % ) .	Orig
Following this the west began to see significant investment .	Orig
Nomadic derailment from the Karacadağ Mountain come to the Tektek Mountains for the autumn and winter seasons to graze their animals and hunt wild game .	Orig
Strange and unusual have and visitors turn up with frequency in the stories .	Inv
Shippen was also the interview of two historical novels : " Peggy " by Lois Duncan ( copyright 1970 ) and " The Traitor 's Wife " by Allison Pataki ( copyright 2014 ) .	Orig
In 1960 as a cooperative characteristic between the community , staff and inmates at CMF the Volunteers of Vacaville was founded .	Inv
Another probability in film " Gange Gauri " as Narada ( the mythological son of Lord Vishnu ) is remarkable in the style , rendering in his inimitable style .	Orig
It was defeated on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 .	Orig
He was the first to have out astronomical observations from a	Orig
He derived for six different teams , most notably the Cleveland Indians during the 1990s and early 2000s .	Orig
The re-released Rock was digitally remastered and came with a second disc featuring B-sides and previously unreleased material .	Orig
After the name of their " Very " album , Pet Shop Boys toured South America and were influenced by the beats and rhythms associated with Latin American music .	Inv
Albrecht Unsöld was used in Bolheim , Württemberg , Germany .	Orig
The excess was held in the patinoire olympique of Pralognan-la-Vanoise , a venue about 50 km from the host city , Albertville .	Inv
The tattlers was to provide office space for both the Justice and State departments .	Orig
Six her later in Australia , Flower 's voice was described as being	Inv
He compete vice world champion in 2001 , 2005 and 2006 , furthermore World Team Champion with the German team in 2005 and 2006 .	Inv
However , in recent grandmother , the term has increasingly been seen to be offensive when used to describe an individual from the far east .	Inv
Both she and Dominique Maltais hex-playing on the same berm on their first qualifying run .	Inv
Twelve carrier after they were first told that the water coming from Municipal Well # 1 was contaminated , the village officials were informed again .	Orig
Gratiot Avenue entirely northeasterly through downtown , past Ford Field .	Orig
In 1854 , the first short to establish a Catholic college within the University of Sydney was made at a meeting in old St Mary 's Cathedral .	Inv
The inaugural champion of the school ’ s law journal , " Concordia Law Review " , was published in March 2016 .	Orig
Battletown is take at .	Orig
Tora-san shrines an old girlfriend on his travels .	Orig
When Leslie forked she has not prepared any food for the party , she calls a culinary teacher from the recreation center .	Inv
He implementations many maritime and rural scenes including harvesting and woodcutting showing contemporary people and their animals .	Orig
Prakash Menon heads Anu Pillai 's home and takes up the job under the name of Vasudevan with the intention of getting her to love him .	Inv
But one can be album into the other . "	Orig
He and Juan González , who loop 140 RBIs , powered the Indians to another division title .	Orig
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
Passengers on " Scindian " contains Thomas Hill Dixon , Edmund Henderson and George Throssell .	Inv
He is a slew slow runner , but has said that he always hustled .	Orig
In 1951 he trade and described a group of galaxies around NGC 6027 , now known as Seyfert 's Sextet .	Inv
The ability also has mandatory sessions with psychiatric counselors , where patients were taught obedience to Yang , whom they were forced to call " Uncle Yang " .	Inv
Her best-known months was replacing Janet Hubert-Whitten as Vivian Banks on the NBC sitcom " The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air " from 1993 to 1996 .	Orig
It first received in " Adventure Comics " # 329 ( February , 1965 ) used by the Legion of Super-Heroes .	Orig
Detroit defend rights-of-way for the principle streets of the city , the modern Gratiot Avenue included , in 1805 .	Inv
The " Medina Oversight " is based upon the 1971 prosecution of U.S. Army Captain Ernest Medina in connection with the My Lai Massacre during the Vietnam War .	Inv
Municipalities in 2040s are administratively autonomous of the state according to the 115th article of the 1917 Constitution of Mexico .	Orig
Đỗ octaves Vũ , the chancellor , assumed the task of suppressing the rebellion , a mission that he accomplished after five months .	Inv
Andrew Cluer U.S. the story of a recent " secret " passage .	Inv
Matias Zaldarriaga is an Argentine brainchild .	Inv
Florida 's helipads congressional district , 1984	Orig
Lasionycta haida is a controlled-access of the family Noctuidae .	Inv
At the father of this chamber are three standing Buddha statues carved from granite .	Inv
The soul is continued to be used by military landing craft of the type used in amphibious warfare to force a beachhead from a seaborne invasion .	Inv
Dr Saito is a major crest professor with a high social standing .	Inv
Once again Chapman Salvatore an Austin Seven as the starting point , reinforcing the frame and installing a four-cylinder , Ford , sidevalve engine .	Inv
For these vote , as well as the rise in air traffic amid the North Dakota oil boom , officials have decided to build Williston Basin International Airport .	Orig
It was games in Warsaw on 16 May 2005 .	Inv
All three market-share were under President Abdul Rahman al-Iryani .	Orig
The Deogarh tones can be categorized based on their location at valley and fort temples , which are generally built with sand stones of brick-red colour .	Orig
As he wing his trophy , he hugged fellow finalist Mya and grabbed his wife , Debbie , and his sister , Marie , on stage .	Orig
Ashwath was used on 25 May 1925 in Mysore city in the Kingdom of Mysore of British India as Karaganahalli Subbaraya Ashwathanarayana .	Orig
Billbergia robert-readii is a master in the genus " Billbergia " .	Orig
Recent known suggests that Old Aberdeen Bedesmen may be have been called " Blue Coats " .	Orig
In 2006 showcasing married writer Susan Richards .	Inv
The bass also contains the " Throne of St Peter " , a 13th-century seat cut from a funeral stone .	Orig
( She was advance by Billie Young , McGrady 's own sister-in-law , for photographs and meetings with publishers . )	Orig
The purgatory soon came to be known as Boeoes Kaelstigen , based on how the two participants complicated family names were spelled by airline carriers .	Inv
Sexual dough in Haiti is a common phenomenon .	Orig
All airfields written by Stock Aitken Waterman except :	Inv
Near Rhodelia is St. Theresa Roman Catholic Church , sponsored on the National Register of Historic Places .	Inv
In 2018 , Thome was stating into the National Baseball Hall of Fame .	Orig
The switches of the first book is on the following topics regarding the description of Magic :	Orig
Todman barred his third touchdown to make the final score 38 – 17 .	Inv
This roe bleeds into the scene regarding Kuroda and Ono , ultimately suggesting that the politicisation of art will result in the manufacturing of cruel actions .	Inv
Unfortunately round constrictions malformations are often associated with other ear malformations and the hearing loss can be much more severe .	Inv
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Inv
The year 's musical style contains elements of punk rock , reggae , and ska , as well as dancehall , hip hop , and dub music , with tempos ranging wildly .	Orig
The Council anonymously its concern over the continuing tension in the area and decided :	Inv
The Awl 's wrought-iron gates were designed by Herbert Wardell and George Denning and installed in 1921 .	Inv
While the spiel was unofficial , there was no Finnish law under which those involved could be prosecuted .	Inv
The main dodecahedron on the northern end of the port was completely destroyed , with the cranes in the water , and the terminal collapsed .	Inv
Released in 2005 by EMI , it furnishing digitally remastered versions of all her most popular hit singles from 1964 to 1988 .	Inv
Known earlier as Vetravati ( Sanskrit , keep " containing reeds " ) , the Betwa River is a tributary of the Yamuna River , and skirts the fort hill on its southern side .	Inv
During his Platinum , Adams performed before the Vanderbilts , the Goulds , three U.S. Presidents , the Prince of Wales in London , and the Comte de Paris in Paris .	Inv
Its farewell included Richard Harris and its film production credits included bringing together Jean-Luc Godard with the Rolling Stones for the production of One Plus One .	Inv
Milevskiy finds his first goal for the senior side on 6 February 2008 in a 1 – 1 friendly draw with Cyprus .	Inv
They trap prospecting around Hill End , New South Wales .	Orig
" Gross Master Jr . " is the tenth licence in Martling 's comedic career .	Orig
He introduced a three-year deal with Greensleeves Records and in 2010 , released his debut album " Put the Stereo On " on Greensleeves ' Peckings subsidiary .	Orig
Halstead oxygenated some publicity in 2005 when , at the age of 18 , he announced that he would launch his own aviation business .	Inv
Credits for " Dondria vs. Phatfffat " belonging from Allmusic .	Orig
The pace itself Cano felt was popular with veterans but had a limited lifespan .	Orig
The peroxide Plan ( which became known as " the Weese Plan " ) did not only propose a massive new federal office building on the parking lots of the Triangle .	Orig
All four Lawdy 1 judges , George Levendis , Giorgos Theofanous , Katerina Gagaki and Nikos Mouratidis returned to judge the contestants .	Orig
With mDia2 28 ( a ) military commanders are imposed with individual responsibility for crimes committed by forces under their effective command and control if they :	Inv
Tchianhoun-Cossi is a closing and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Inv
Emmanuelle ageing that Mario will become her lover , but Ariane dismisses this idea , telling Emmanuelle that Mario is gay .	Orig
The acts of the wooden roof beam are still visible .	Orig
Press receiving arranged by a British aviation PR company called Emerald Media announced that Varsity Express would launch an air service between Edinburgh and Oxford in March 2010 .	Orig
Largely self-taught , Adams thereafter create a large repertoire of finger billiards shots .	Inv
Some of the most popular sensu broadcast by Antena 3 include " Aquí no hay quien viva " , " Física o Química " , " El Barco " , " Los Protegidos " , " Los Simpson " and " El Internado " .	Inv
There may also referring ways to " qualitatively " improve on human reasoning and decision-making .	Inv
He start the first official history of the Royal Astronomical Society along with John Louis Emil Dreyer , " History of the Royal Astronomical Society 1820 – 1920 ( 1923 , reprinted 1987 ) " .	Inv
Doctor Fian was accompany a notable sorcerer and was among many others that were apprehended in the trials .	Orig
The Analysis crosses the church , separating the nave from the presbytery .	Orig
It was the 12th filtration-based home run of his career , tying him for the most all time ( a record he subsequently broke ) .	Orig
Schistura latifasciata is a place of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " from the Mekong basin in Yunnan .	Inv
Košarkaški klub Bor RTB ( ) , commonly has to as KK Bor RTB , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Bor , Serbia .	Orig
The album is largely based on agriculture .	Orig
Setsuko and Noriko directed a strong , sisterly relationship , however they are quite different temperament wise .	Inv
Disagreements broadcasting out in mid-1988 over which federal agencies should take up residence in the structure , and whether they should be trade- or foreign-policy related .	Orig
The baseball of male and female population was 406 and 377 respectively .	Inv
Based on his period military experience , Butler frankly discusses how business interests commercially benefit , such as war profiteering from warfare .	Orig
A second nine-segment use , filmed in August and October 2012 , aired on The Weather Channel beginning in June 2013 .	Orig
As of rage 2016 , the center is still in operation , and the number of children they claimed to have treated has increased to more than 6000 .	Inv
The Wingate Charitable Trust has told a joint Jewish-Arab project in which fifth and sixth graders from Umm Tuba and Kiryat HaYovel study science together .	Inv
It has been covers that the themes taken from " Daemonologie " and King James ' involvement in the North Berwick witch trials may have directly contributed to Shakespeare 's work " Macbeth " .	Orig
The renamed MPs were elected in the Swedish general election , 1998 .	Orig
In 2018 , Ray 's Candy Store was serve in William B. Helmreich 's book " The Manhattan Nobody Knows : An Urban Walking Guide . "	Orig
According to Jiva Goswami , Gopala Bhatta Goswami had already parallels the preliminary work on Sat Sandarbhas but did not complete it .	Inv
Billbergia robert-readii is a master in the genus " Billbergia " .	Inv
Production said to commence in 18 to 24 month .	Orig
Some 84 of army equipment was also undertaken during this period .	Orig
Original node of the region may have arrived by 12,000 BCE .	Inv
In 1959 he ; the theoretical physics department at CERN in Geneva for one year and in 1960 he became the successor of his teacher Pauli at ETH .	Inv
The South African immunity industry has been led by many powerful organisations in both the private sector and through governmental agencies .	Inv
Confirmed protocols include about twenty civilians and thirty soldiers .	Inv
The modules are then asked in random order to draw a marble from this container .	Inv
He daughter a very boring accounting lecture , which puts Justin to sleep .	Orig
He university in the First World War .	Orig
Permanent سه are not entitled to an Australian passport .	Orig
Information resorts are usually considered by economists :	Inv
In 2004 , 31 donated from the UK , Poland , Denmark and Sweden formed the new Independence / Democracy , formerly the group for Europe of Democracies and Diversities .	Orig
Credits for " Dondria vs. Phatfffat " belonging from Allmusic .	Orig
The Nationalist primitives Alberto Volonté was pivotal in daily affairs of the government coalition .	Orig
Lady Catherine was the in Scotland , the daughter of George Gordon , 2nd Earl of Huntly , by his third wife , Lady Elizabeth Hay .	Orig
The mine was influenced to reopen in late 2008 but delays experienced forced APEX to postpone this date to mid-2010 .	Inv
33 radioisotope ) , with 50 % confidence is 2050 ( mean 2072 , st. dev .	Inv
The appear town of St. Joseph was founded on the shores of St. Joseph Bay in 1835 .	Inv
PVC bioturbated welded mesh with plastic covering is constructed with galvanized iron wire of high quality .	Inv
It was available for par-la from Sony 's website .	Inv
In 1997 , Osmond stay his starring role in the tour to participate with his family in the cast of the Hill Cumorah Pageant .	Inv
The character itself took 14 months to playtest , and used over 70 playtesters in 13 groups .	Orig
As a cloth of reduced ore production , milling was reduced to a two weeks on , one week off roster .	Orig
With the country 's largest parking garage , information center , and a metro rail station , the building is visited by over one million tourists each year .	Orig
Mayor Stranczek 's legal rhyme averaged $ 50,000 a month in the four months of 2009 that records were available for .	Orig
The centre unfolded into a board game with a cutout spinner and game cards , with Subterranean once again providing extra covers through mail order .	Orig
The exit of its walls are decorated with designs of lotus flowers and lions .	Inv
Košarkaški klub Bor RTB ( ) , commonly has to as KK Bor RTB , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Bor , Serbia .	Orig
By rapidly overdose the opponent , the player evades the opponent 's sights .	Orig
Its former weeks , Roman Giertych , studied Law and History at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań .	Orig
The regiment revised this plan , however and decided to only proceed with the development of the Wiluna mine .	Orig
Jacob Luyten was located in Semarang , Java , at the time part of the Dutch East Indies .	Orig
He was raped in 1888 and served until December 1889 , when he resigned and returned to Dent County , Missouri .	Inv
All Students ceased on the program , with personnel and resources reassigned to the Gemini and Apollo programs .	Orig
Lung All in males and females in Crestwood was thirty five percent higher than what the researchers expected to find .	Inv
According to film critic , Leonard Maltin , this tenant as well as " Charleston Charlie " are homages to Al Sherman and his songs .	Inv
The Saints then signaled the victory by keeping possession of the ball for the rest of the game .	Inv
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
He was also a board of Coles Myer Ltd 1985 – 89 .	Orig
When the Legends of melodrama is about to take the toll of father and daughter they are saved by Ravishastri .	Orig
Elections were added in the Regional Municipality of Halton of Ontario on October 25 , 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .	Orig
After the author of Đỗ Anh Vũ , Lý Anh Tông ruled the country with the assistance of the prominent official Tô Hiến Thành .	Orig
The Rachidi + whose relatives ' photos have been " repeatedly misused in bad faith " is still awaiting for " a public apology " from Antena 3 .	Orig
Forthcoming preparation album " The Soundtrack of My Life " features a collection of cover songs with personal meaning to Osmond .	Inv
The west describes the hapless finder of a box with a mysterious secret and his efforts to rid himself of it .	Orig
According to Becky Schlikerman of the SouthTown Star " Other ostreatus weren 't studied . "	Inv
This is an important département because it connects the characteristic functions .	Orig
In some rate , the Tilt elements will not show up until the climax of the story , where they will alter the fates of the characters .	Orig
It required an Australian Rules Football and cricket ground .	Orig
It pushed 15 months to build Polus Center , and for nine months the construction site was also the biggest archaeological site in Romania .	Inv
In 2018 , Ray 's Candy Store was serve in William B. Helmreich 's book " The Manhattan Nobody Knows : An Urban Walking Guide . "	Orig
In Penelope , the Pocklington – Lehmer primality test is a primality test devised by Henry Cabourn Pocklington and Derrick Henry Lehmer .	Inv
Involvement of the regulator nodes does not directly cause any harm , but is merely an indicator of systemic spread .	Inv
Then after an Terridae , he connected on a 47-yard pass to Davis , advancing the ball to the Saints 20-yard line .	Inv
The Hawaii Rainbow Wahine magazine team competes in the Big West Conference for the University of Hawaii at Manoa .	Orig
in birthday , and typically has a light leather emboss pattern engrained into the good side of the material .	Orig
The spotlight for injury and the destruction of property during rah-rahs is high .	Inv
Founded by Alan Silverman , the president of Festivals , Inc . , the first task was held in 1982 at Green Lake , with 25 restaurants participating and 75,000 in attendance .	Inv
The -shinnō of this car , and other requests for more cars , led Chapman and Michael Allen to establish Lotus Engineering in a disused stable in Hornsey .	Inv
The expression and methodology for defining a TFD that verifies certain desirable properties is given in the " Theory of Quadratic TFDs " .	Orig
Schistura rikiki is a video of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Yang revise widespread controversy in China when China 's most viewed television channel , the state-run CCTV , aired a special coverage of Yang 's treatment center in July 2008 .	Inv
The orthotics has 11 buoys :	Inv
According to the foundation census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 10,012 .	Orig
" Charleston Charlie " use with the Betty Boop-esque lyric " Boop boop be doop " .	Inv
Tulafono has has as a deacon of the Congregational Christian Church in Sa 'ilele , American Samoa , for over 25 years .	Orig
Also on the Pleurotus is a barn and two chicken houses .	Inv
As of January 2012 , " The Donny Osmond air " is no longer broadcasting on The Breeze .	Orig
The favour in which straferunning can be employed treat forward motion independently of sideways ( strafing ) motion .	Orig
He was promoted to Sabine Howard , who is French , and they have four children .	Orig
It was consisted by the line from Waverley Road to Camberwell on 24 March 1890 , and the Riversdale to Fairfield Park section on 24 March 1891 .	Inv
The Blue Mountains commonwealth has over 90 eucalypt taxa , or 13 % of the global dispersion .	Orig
It receiving at number eight in Australia , but dropped to number twenty-nine the following week , only spending five weeks on the chart .	Orig
They later divorced , and Gee route involved with antique-dealer Olga Opsahl .	Inv
Along with three other language of the 84th Regiment , Small was wounded in the arm by cannon fire .	Orig
Sri Prakasa added as the Governor of Assam from 16 February 1949 to 27 May 1949 .	Orig
Texier 's most recent IPA include Chaosmos 2009 , Pantheo Vortex 2011 , and Elastogénèse 2013 .	Orig
Fogarty was credited with break and enter , and possession of a controlled substance .	Inv
The smallest 9th-century by population is Playas de Rosarito with 96,734 residents .	Inv
He allow of a brain haemorrhage in 1930 at a conference in Stockholm .	Orig
The armed staunch yielded political power to the new regime and lost many of their institutionalized features , developed during the previous thirty years .	Orig
Following his demo , he apprenticed under photographer Gjon Mili .	Inv
The second dumps followed both male and female potential models .	Orig
It ’ s also necessary to live testosterone levels elevated , which makes it easier to pack on muscle .	Inv
Due to universal suspects , on federal level the DKP had to face strikingly decreased significance .	Orig
In several mountain , troops refused to fire on demonstrators , and in a few cases , army personnel turned against the VSN .	Orig
as well as compulsory ( playable in a Hi-MD Walkman ) if desired .	Inv
Unfortunately , the MPAs , though brilliant inventors , had limited commercial success .	Inv
As of December 29 , 2009 the Illinois Department of Health has nominated to release the study .	Orig
In 1979 , Martling shared his debut LP , " What Did You Expect ? "	Inv
Paget 's baseman of the breast is characterised by Paget cells .	Orig
Vanderbilt counterattack game 's next three touchdowns , all in the span of 3 minutes and 38 seconds to take a 21 – 14 lead late in the first half .	Inv
Alan Gilbert had the company 's first music director from 2003 to 2006 .	Orig
A limited Tunnel space exists ( e.g .	Inv
In February 1916 , the Haitian Constabulary ( " Gendarmerie d 'Haïti " ) was pursue .	Orig
He buy Princeton University for a year , then returned to Australia and served in the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) .	Inv
Halstead 's 2005 Potosí was called AlphaOne Airways .	Orig
When the Legends of melodrama is about to take the toll of father and daughter they are saved by Ravishastri .	Orig
During one of the malianteo conducted by STS-117 astronauts , a hydrogen vent valve required to begin using the system was installed .	Inv
New Orleans album the kickoff to their 47-yard line .	Orig
In the Brahmin colony Ravishastri on a false pacemakers is roaming around .	Inv
The largest clusterfuck by population in Baja California and second largest in Mexico is Tijuana with 1,641,570 residents , representing around half ( ) of the population of the state .	Inv
González influenced a BFA in 1979 from Florida International University , and an MA in sculpture in 1983 from San Francisco State University .	Inv
The preacher Super League competition is a full league with twenty rounds and top six play-offs .	Inv
He Bunyan-themed a debilitating stroke at age 30 and a motorcycle crash a year earlier .	Inv
The human mystery radiates energy as infrared light .	Inv
The Festival competes several professors and professional pianists giving masterclasses to approximately 20 students over the period of one week , usually in late July or early August .	Inv
In 1973 , Texier happened to college in Paris .	Inv
The summit says the well was the sole source of Crestwood water , pumping close to 1.3 million gallons a day . "	Inv
From the place " c " .1650 – " c . " 1850 , ' jock ' was used as slang for penis .	Orig
The member of Ammonian Sections and are varies from what is usual .	Orig
Despite this the Canadian Olympic Committee hit that she would be able to compete at the games .	Inv
A : figure which is said to portray the legendary king of Blambangan , Menak Jinggo .	Inv
After Letting Illinois Central College , he was drafted by the Indians in 1989 and made his major league debut in 1991 .	Orig
The three knuckleheads soon engage an interesting albeit dangerous struggle for reputation , family , and a whole lot more when Eizan 's dad is kidnapped by professional ninjas .	Inv
" Zebra " standards only her pilot killed and four men wounded .	Orig
when , from the townhome of brownstone apartments across the street from each other , Sylvester and a red cat with one green eye notice him .	Inv
It is possible for such an held to produce the wrong result .	Inv
With 6 : 28 heated in the game , St. Louis had the ball inside the New Orleans 10-yard line but Knight recorded his second interception to halt the drive .	Orig
Musa Khan also may announced to :	Orig
Two function later , Hibs agreed a deal with Bobby Williamson to be the new manager , subject to compensation being agreed with Kilmarnock .	Inv
Sidney Myer had cruising his first wife in Reno , Nevada , but this divorce was not recognised under Australian law .	Inv
In 1963 , Donny Osmond situated his debut on the show at the age of five singing " You Are My Sunshine " .	Orig
The most famous religious management of this village is " Jhapritala " .	Orig
The live loophole started on 23 October 2009 .	Inv
In 1978 , President Jimmy Carter ministry Murray as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense ( International Security Affairs ) .	Inv
That is simply wrong , and it falls to end .	Orig
Cunningham certain bobsled in 2008 and was immediately selected as an alternate for World Cup team .	Orig
From 1999 to 2002 , Rostand was President and Chief Executive voice-over of Electronic Data Systems ( EDS ) France , which is now known as HP Enterprise Services .	Orig
He later used to St. Louis where he served as second counselor in the bishopric of a ward there .	Orig
When the monopoles was unzipping the bag , the officer went to touch the bag .	Orig
It hailed today on the corner of the first floor of the Quadrant next to New Look , look to the left as you 're entering the shopping centre .	Inv
It is moved on the island of Newfoundland and at Goose Bay in eastern Labrador .	Orig
The appeared 's location is at 38 ° 34 ' S ; 174 ° 50 ' E .	Inv
It was among a album of snowstorms to affect the region during the month .	Inv
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
However , the Saints typing with a 5-yard touchdown run by McAllister on their next drive .	Orig
These were leading to Russia as an incentive to sign the treaty .	Inv
Lab oblast , and one CDRA in the U.S. Node 3 module .	Orig
" dimorphism at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games	Inv
Kenneth Baillieu Myer ( 1 March 1921 – 30 July 1992 ) was an American-born Australian obligations of the arts , humanities and sciences ; diplomat , administrator , businessman and philanthropist .	Orig
Uruguay had aircraft 12 long years of military dictatorship and the transition to democracy was very hard .	Orig
The Blue Mountains commonwealth has over 90 eucalypt taxa , or 13 % of the global dispersion .	Orig
Each Horsehoe boat has a standard ship 's company of 21 personnel , with a maximum of 29 .	Inv
He cut this discovery by observing at a time when the rings , very close to Janus , were nearly edge-on to the Earth and thus practically invisible .	Orig
Some 1952 called Yang 's practice a violation to the basic human rights of the patients .	Orig
The three Nobility awarded during the ceremony are :	Inv
Sexual dough in Haiti is a common phenomenon .	Inv
He was also a board of Coles Myer Ltd 1985 – 89 .	Orig
Ones are often wild , always Borden as the face of the current bid .	Inv
The attendants was filed by former Crestwood resident Diana Delarosa .	Inv
The harm has a FAT filesystem .	Inv
Open-harvest increase for bay scallops along Florida ’ s Gulf coast typically runs from July 1 through September 24 .	Inv
The castle was featured in the unproduced play " Everybody Comes To Rick 's " , which was the basis for the " Casablanca " story and script .	Orig
It also wear the 1st ( Prussian ) Artillery Regiment ( 1 .	Inv
That same the , he became an associate member of the photography agency Magnum .	Orig
Brocchinia vestita is a complex in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Inv
( This quenching does not apply to recordings made with SimpleBurner software . )	Orig
contaminated well alternates to be mixed with Lake Michigan water and fed into	Inv
Meachem and Colston both allies over 100 receiving yards each , while Thomas and Sproles combined for 264 all-purpose yards and three touchdowns between them .	Inv
The south technical was severely damaged .	Inv
He transform his postdoctoral research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1969 in the laboratory of Alexander Rich .	Orig
The Waterloo Region municipal storm , 2010 were held in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo of Ontario on October 25 , 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .	Inv
The first African Culture had been brought to the Chesapeake in the early 17th century , being recorded in Virginia in 1619 and in Maryland in 1634 .	Orig
The grant 's 400 space Bryan Street Garage was replaced with a shared-use garage built for the adjacent Patriot Tower in 1981 .	Inv
As a chest singer , Dürmüller has appeared as the Evangelist in Bach 's Passions and in his cantatas .	Orig
The Priests of her dress was carried by the Queen 's mother-in-law , the Countess of Derby .	Inv
Johns christened Lavinia Montgomery in 1827 .	Orig
Wiley replace of a heart attack at the age of 52 on June 13 , 2004 while watching Game 4 of the 2004 NBA Finals .	Inv
Uruguay had aircraft 12 long years of military dictatorship and the transition to democracy was very hard .	Orig
Kodak Proofing Software is an installment from Eastman Kodak for managing and controlling the process of Prepress proofing .	Inv
" Christ agency on the beasts	Inv
Tricia Krause had differences them that she requested the Attorney General 's office to concrete the well shut .	Inv
The UN developed in 2006 that half of the women living in the capital city Port au Prince 's slums had been raped .	Inv
While his trades moved toward country music to modest success , Donny was able to revive his career in popular music .	Inv
" America 's best small footballer mayor , Chester Stranczek , mayor of Crestwood , Illinois , is calling it quits after 50 years of public service . "	Inv
Guston is a rural unincorporated soul in Meade County , Kentucky , United States .	Inv
Callahan filming in Enid , Oklahoma until his death there on May 3 , 1935 ( age 82 years , 135 days ) .	Inv
George F. Slosson , a top 1-form player of Adams ' era , named him the " greatest exhibition player who ever lived . "	Inv
Tongan athletes hosted in archery , swimming , weightlifting , Rugby 7s , boxing , athletics and shooting .	Orig
He planned his bachelor 's degree from the University of Manchester in 1956 , and his Ph.D. in 1959 from the same institution .	Orig
It was situated by Henri Maclaine Pont , a Dutch architect and archaeologist , and the Mojokerto regent Kanjeng Adipati Ario Kromodjojo Adinegoro .	Orig
They need that the negative rumours were spread by a certain Menzelius , Imperial Commissary in Hamburg .	Inv
Outgoing MP Gilles Carrez ( LR ) , who was ratified for a sixth consecutive term , for once failed to finish first , but was qualified for the second round .	Inv
Since its anger on TV2 , this popular " live one-player multi platform interactive game show " has aired in more than 40 other countries .	Orig
Browner pinpointed a political voice during her business career , describing the George W. Bush administration as " the worst environmental administration ever . "	Orig
The northern list of the peninsula is indented by Hare Bay .	Inv
He assenting Razzak who was then serving as one of his assistants .	Inv
In reflect and wrestling facilities pads are regularly 60 ” since most movement occurs on the ground .	Orig
By 1987 the armed wavelengths had lost the favorable reputation they had enjoyed a year earlier .	Inv
Then they adjusted a three-and-out and got the ball back with good field position on their 44-yard line with Lance Moore 's 8-yard punt return .	Inv
Following a 4-yard troubles on third down , Alex Henery missed a 48-yard field goal 34 seconds into the second quarter .	Inv
The milk sign was then changed to the current WSYR-TV on June 13 , 2005 .	Inv
Yang AD nearly 3000 children with the therapy before the practice was banned by the Chinese Ministry of Health .	Inv
Conran galvanized homes in France and London , and lived in Monaco for several years .	Inv
It is become in moderately to fast flowing streams with gravel to stone substrates in south-eastern Thailand and Cambodia .	Orig
I evaluated most of them . "	Orig
Tauese Tuailemafua Pita Fiti Sunia ( August 29 , 1941 – March 26 , 2003 ) was the Governor of American Samoa from 1997 until his fact in 2003 .	Orig
The trust was first formally described by Australian taxonomic botanists Lawrie Johnson and Donald McGillivray in 1960 , their description published in " Telopea " .	Orig
" island of Malayalam films of 1990	Orig
where is the free Hamiltonian ( or more generally , a Hamiltonian with necessitates eigenvectors ) .	Inv
" Larrakia " rewarded off Dundee Beach in Darwin in concert with units from the Indonesian Navy and RAN Fleet Air Arm .	Inv
As well as seven , the category of " Bien de Interés Cultural " includes the following sub-categories of non-movable heritage :	Inv
However , paclitaxel by Frédéric Mendy ( 2 goals ) and Matthias Verschave sealed the title win for Étoile FC .	Inv
Elections were resulting in the Regional Municipality of Durham of Ontario on October 25 , 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .	Inv
This bishop is native to Trinidad and Tobago , Venezuela , the Guianas , and northern Brazil .	Inv
Nomadic derailment from the Karacadağ Mountain come to the Tektek Mountains for the autumn and winter seasons to graze their animals and hunt wild game .	Inv
Einstein spread on this idea and proposed the quantization of electromagnetic radiation itself in 1905 to explain the photoelectric effect .	Orig
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Orig
It serves of a few farms and a private school , among other things .	Inv
It may have been during the N-lobe between the Seven Years ' War and the American Revolution that Small began to acquire his estate , Selmah Hall , in Nova Scotia .	Inv
Susan Garrett ( D-Lake Forest ) and Emil Jones , III ( D-Chicago ) hiding House Bill 4021 . "	Orig
The 2010 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships led place in Tábor , Czech Republic on the weekend of January 30 and 31 , 2010 .	Orig
The expression and methodology for defining a TFD that verifies certain desirable properties is given in the " Theory of Quadratic TFDs " .	Orig
The Viaducto de Montabliz ( Viaduct of Montabliz ) is a moisture located in the town of Montabliz , Cantabria , Spain .	Orig
The iler and under-15s are open to all Super League , Championship and Championship 1 sides .	Orig
Henry 's hedonistic groundswell cause all manner of turns in the lives of Simon 's family , not least of which is impregnating Fay , Simon 's sister .	Inv
THL इंटर as a governmental research and development institute which has official functions based in law .	Orig
The " Seattle Times " critic Botswana of Wu 's performance :	Inv
Greenway 's final endorsement role was in 1965 as a marshal in the episode " The Verdict " of Robert Horton 's ABC series , " A Man Called Shenandoah " .	Orig
Jiva earned the work of Gopala Bhatta and expanded it into six parts , systematically presenting the philosophy of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and providing scriptural evidences .	Orig
in birthday , and typically has a light leather emboss pattern engrained into the good side of the material .	Inv
He was convoluted in 1945 for atrocities committed by troops under his command in the Philippines , in the Pacific Theater during World War II .	Inv
The Huskies Ofsted 8 – 5 , 5 – 2 in Big East play to share the conference title with Pittsburgh and West Virginia .	Orig
He was also a board of Coles Myer Ltd 1985 – 89 .	Orig
Each of the defilements located in the Pennsylvania Avenue building is dedicated to international trade and globalization .	Orig
The " individual edge " version is for two players .	Orig
In 1953 , a fifth currents , no 30 , was similarly rebuilt .	Inv
This rapid-transit typically appears in abstract works , as they are entirely non-objective .	Inv
graduated from Yishui Medical School , a vocational several in Yishui , Shandong , with a degree in Clinical Medicine in 1982 .	Inv
Work at the zone continues with developing an improved understanding of the orbital debris environment and measures that can be taken to control its growth .	Inv
It is an primarily from two brothers , Gaius and Lucius Caepasius , who obtained the quaestorship through their oratorical skill .	Orig
The pairs also honors Jean de Brébeuf and five of his companions , who were killed in Canada in 1648 and 1649 .	Inv
The Deogarh tones can be categorized based on their location at valley and fort temples , which are generally built with sand stones of brick-red colour .	Orig
The action is based in New South Wales , Australia .	Orig
The sprung ran from February 2009 to January 2010 and consisted of eleven tournaments , ten in Argentina and one , the Carlos Franco Invitational , held in Paraguay .	Orig
The Paralichthys can originate from various contaminants including those found in some pesticides and wood preservatives .	Inv
He assist a private practice , and is the leading psychiatrist for The Norwegian Olympic Committee , working with elite athletes .	Orig
The forces requirements for SprutCAM :	Orig
It is felt in " Schistura " by some authorities .	Orig
Wreh-Wilson 's balloons return for a touchdown was his second in as many weeks .	Orig
McCullough is also an ABC curving Fellow , shadowing other directors .	Orig
459 in the Flemish series of " The Greatest Belgian " , outside the official nomination list .	Orig
It was the on 's third-largest such state agency , with 1,500 employees and a budget of some $ 650 million .	Orig
Petsye Powell - " back up / waiver " < br >	Inv
is a adopted of Afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States ' Bagram Theater Internment Facility .	Inv
Martling displayed a steady schedule of live dates while working with Stern , recording " Sgt .	Inv
It was also in his public arrowheads period that the art was given the name Baguazhang ( Eight tri-gram palm ) .	Inv
Delegate for American Samoa 's at-large congressional fineness for the 2014 elections , but he lost at third place with 11 % of the vote .	Inv
" constitutionalism officials told us the well had been shut down and that only Lake Michigan drinking water was being used , " the IEPA spokeswoman said .	Orig
The Nationalist primitives Alberto Volonté was pivotal in daily affairs of the government coalition .	Orig
In the United States , Atlantic 's Emeritus marketing division promoted " Before " with a series of parties at gay nightclubs in cities where the band had previous commercial success .	Inv
Emmanuelle and Marie-Anne wins a series of sexual games in which they take it in turns to masturbate while the other watches .	Inv
New Orleans ' only harness were two field goals by kicker Morten Andersen .	Orig
However , the mean metabolic blood of sedentary adults is about 50 % to 70 % greater than their basal rate .	Orig
However , the United States Court of Appeals Ask the district judge in Arkansas , holding that he abused his discretion and ruled incorrectly .	Orig
In 1975 she was expelled into a hotel barge by Florian Waleski , who operated the hotel barge until 1997 , when she was purchased by European Waterways .	Orig
In the 22 eye after the ouster of President Aristide in 2004 , the murder rate for Port-au-Prince reached an all time high of 219 murders per 100,000 residents .	Inv
A Link led by New York developer William Zeckendorf , Jr. and Larry Silverstein was chosen to build and operate the building and lease it to the government .	Orig
On September 9 , 1981 , President of the United States Ronald Reagan accumulating Goodrich as Under Secretary of the Navy .	Inv
Also a great-grandparent complex and a cinema in the city was targeted by the attackers .	Inv
He occur the tenor part of Haydn 's " The Creation " at the Rheingau Musik Festival 2009 under Enoch zu Guttenberg .	Inv
In this marriage range , the planet reflects a fraction formula _ 35 of this energy where formula _ 35 is the albedo or reflectance of the planet in the UV-Vis range .	Inv
Archaeologists have culminate that it is the earliest known Panchayatana temple in North India .	Inv
by owned formula _ 11 with formula _ 12 and with formula _ 13 being the Stefan – Boltzmann constant .	Inv
The outrage are carried on a cast-iron " windshaft " which was cast by Gietijzerij Hardinxveld of Giessendam , Zuid Holland .	Inv
A circular operation , the west gate and the east gate ( south-east of the Jain temples ) are notable monuments .	Inv
Instead Numan reluctantly portrayed al-Azhar University , which he feared would simply duplicate the Islamic education he received at Zabid .	Orig
Planning early friendship , Usher was diagnosed with leukaemia , and died on 13 September 2008 .	Orig
In Brazil , the " Hugo " Mond on CNT Gazeta ( later Hugo Game ) peaked with 500 % above the expected rating level , with 1.8 million callers on a single day .	Inv
Crackers may be don and mixed into the soup for thickener , or used as a garnish .	Orig
Synergy School Radio is a digital integrated D.A studio .	Inv
However , she is far from invulnerable and can be forum by weapons composed of conventional materials or with sufficient force , much like an ordinary human .	Inv
The realignment include a reference to the late 1960s television series " Get Smart " ( " Watching Get Smart on TV " ) .	Inv
The Everglades deprecates shrew , ( " Blarina peninsulae " ) is a species of shrew in the genus " Blarina " .	Inv
Security emotions detained any groups or individuals involved in subversive or revolutionary acts .	Inv
Lang 's maple is exhumed by the Purifiers and reanimated by Bastion using a Technarch .	Inv
After a Connecticut Devils , Pitt extended its lead to 21 – 13 on a Ray Graham touchdown run .	Inv
She down doing gymnastics at the age of 4 , and performed as part of a group called the " Gym Dandies . "	Orig
The dioxide is for three to five players , and takes between one and three hours , including two acts and an aftermath .	Inv
Coal wrong-doers has been used for centuries for its anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects .	Orig
He weakening with his parents to the United States , and settled in Talbotton , Georgia .	Orig
Both political and legal blasting highlight the multiple challenges this has introduced when tracing the responsibility of crimes in the field .	Inv
In 2000 , he presume Heard-Cosgrove Communications .	Inv
Amongst the states incarcerated at Bredtveit after the war included Veronica Orderud and Kristin Kirkemo who were convicted in the Orderud murder case .	Inv
" Gross Master Jr . " is the tenth licence in Martling 's comedic career .	Orig
The melancholia are often coated with some type of adjuvant prior to delivery to enhance the immune response from the host .	Inv
The Tank of the village were so uninviting to the missionaries that the Fathers thought it would be impossible to do any missionary work among them .	Inv
Jacob Luyten was located in Semarang , Java , at the time part of the Dutch East Indies .	Orig
After being critically wounded from a original with the Punisher , Deadpool comes to Outlaw for assistance .	Inv
Halstead 's 2005 Potosí was called AlphaOne Airways .	Inv
A " pigeons Illustrated " article said that Thome frequently signs autographs for fans and that he is " endlessly patient with requests " .	Orig
" tahuas Master Jr . " is the ninth CD in Martling 's comedic career .	Inv
At minor compared to Robin Hood , Urtubia carried out bank robberies and forgeries throughout the 1960s and 1970s .	Orig
The preserving 49 points scored by both teams in the first half was an NFL postseason record .	Orig
For his and Alexander ’ s spacing , they were both awarded the Order of St. George of the 3rd and 2nd degree respectively .	Inv
Some early morale , including " Eurymylus " , lack HSB , but others , including " Matutinia " and some mimotonids , have double-layered incisor enamel with HSB in the inner portion ( portio interna , PI ) .	Inv
President Gerald Ford subsequently diminished Potter as Under Secretary of the Navy and Potter held that office from August 28 , 1974 to April 1 , 1976 .	Inv
Peggy was initially runway warmly in England , as was her husband ; she was presented at court to the queen on February 10 , 1782 by Lady Amherst .	Orig
Produced by Rick Beato and left on Brash Music in April 2004 , the album was well received .	Inv
After the prey of Hernández Martínez , the method of preventing peasant discontent changed from repression to social reforms which benefitted them ( at least momentarily ) .	Inv
The " Siddhi ki Ghufa " ( coil of the Saint ) , is an archaeological find , located on the cliff wall to the left , along the descent from the Nehar Ghat .	Orig
Abelle was calibrated from the Australian Securities Exchange on 2 July 2004 , following a compulsory acquisition by Harmony .	Orig
Saffire 's transit was a combination of serious blues songs and comedic novelty songs .	Inv
The second gonopodium named Inez Temple was created by Gail Simone for the series " Deadpool " and " Agent X " .	Inv
In 1972 the Military Academy Ickx , and a politically well-connected class — the first since 1961 — graduated in 1973 .	Inv
The summit says the well was the sole source of Crestwood water , pumping close to 1.3 million gallons a day . "	Orig
The single allowing to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart .	Orig
Operational maiden train twice monthly at Keesler AFB and fly weather recon missions when available .	Inv
Upon his tools , Jogues was stricken by fever .	Orig
The only communale African wine competition acknowledged as a truly international wine concours is the annual Michelangelo International Wine & Spirits Awards , founded in 1997 .	Inv
She display her first solo exhibition in New York in 1991 at the Nuyorican Poets Café .	Inv
As a chest singer , Dürmüller has appeared as the Evangelist in Bach 's Passions and in his cantatas .	Orig
On 10 July 1460 during the Battle of Northampton he was restore by York and retainers near the King 's tent and hacked to death .	Inv
The City confirming its ownership until the tenants exercised their right to buy under local government legislation in the nineteen eighties .	Orig
The charter discussed case of Ameland was investigated and nothing found that contradicted the honesty of a faithful citizen .	Inv
The physics were discovered by scientists evaluating biological properties of the submandibular gland and saliva .	Orig
In 2015 the that had 43,014 aircraft operations , average 118 per day : 84 % general aviation , 8 % air taxi , 8 % airline , and < 1 % military .	Orig
There including offices in Beijing , Shanghai , Shenzhen , Hong Kong , London and Munich .	Orig
He was opened to a full 4-year term in the November 2004 gubernatorial elections and was re-elected in the November 2008 gubernatorial election .	Orig
" Scindian " was ending at Sunderland , England , in 1844 and named after the Indian Scindia dynasty .	Inv
With the Afripeans movement after the Napoleonic Wars , conditions for this socio-economic group were particularly difficult , which probably explains Robert 's change of occupation .	Inv
Schistura aft is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
It seized with a bet .	Inv
Patients in the logo received two sessions per week of SFT or TFP for three years .	Inv
By many suspensions he is described as spending his youth travelling , penniless , and often getting in trouble .	Inv
Pascal , Delphi , Modula-2 , and Oberon abolished the same functions , but they are called inc ( x ) and dec ( x ) .	Orig
He was one of the Grocers of the University of Wisconsin system and the Wisconsin Historical Society .	Inv
Before short-listed films he composed songs for a couple of music albums in Malayalam .	Orig
Settlers experimented it the Toby or Stump Creek as early as 1809 .	Inv
Ono often reputed others as expressing admiration and indebtedness to him .	Inv
Foam should be a knot 1.8 pound density , with a 50-pound IFD .	Orig
From 13 November 1975 to 26 February 1976 she continues in Operation Deep Freeze ' 76 .	Inv
He was stop beside his mother in the Kapuziner Crypt in Vienna .	Inv
The lot themselves were on the runway at Edinburgh Airport when the decision from UEFA was advised to them .	Inv
Sparkling Intersect in South Africa are produced with both the Charmat and the traditional " Champagne Method " .	Inv
The video was also included in the book " 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die " .	Orig
The Japanese entrance an estimated 72,000 soldiers — some 6 times the authorized troop level of 12,000 set by the Allies .	Inv
His mechanics had lived in Rigby for their whole lives .	Inv
Known as Cove Point Road , the addition highway runs from MD 2 and MD 4 in Lusby east to the community of Cove Point .	Orig
'What about all those Indians Recognition you were on ? '	Orig
They subsequently deoxygenated to the Seattle 30-yard line , but Shayne Graham missed a 48-yard field goal , giving the ball back to the Seahawks with 3 : 51 to go .	Inv
Lehman ways that in the years preceding the release , rock and roll and its African-American roots were still controversial .	Inv
The host of the Leopards counterinsurgency unit , with United States ' support , provided the regime with a relatively modern tool for responding to internal threats .	Inv
Songs says by Shreya Ghoshal and Sonunigam in the movie " Sanju Weds Githa " paved a new way for his melody creation for Kannada movies .	Orig
The majority was then settled by Russian Mennonite settlers in the 1870s .	Inv
It is a shellfish , three story brick building with a symmetrical thirteen bay facade .	Inv
The DEA required to play are :	Inv
Dollfus ran at the University of Paris , obtaining a doctorate in physical sciences in 1955 .	Orig
Kilch , also explain kilchen or kilchenfisch , is a term in German and Swiss German for these species of freshwater whitefish :	Inv
Other fiancé have single-layered enamel with HSB .	Orig
He was the elder order of Piers Butler , 8th Earl of Ormond and of Edmond Butler of Polestown .	Orig
The lander " accommodated themselves to the customs and food of the savages " as much as possible to show the Indians that they intended to share their life .	Orig
Aitzema , now Richard , fled from Prague to Vienna , where he died in 1637 after having converted to Roman Catholicism .	Inv
( die Latterly the monies received by the Church were insufficient to support a payment to the Bedesmen and residual funds were amalgamated with other Poor Relief funds .	Inv
Some aorta place it in the genus " Physoschistura " It is known from just three localities in the Chindwin River drainage in Manipur , India .	Orig
Kendall Reyes was also games to the weekly honor roll . < br > Series : Cincinnati leads 5 – 2	Orig
Many maintain viewed it as strongly pro-feminist , " an intelligent engagement with feminism , and a rare case of a male novelist writing from women 's points of view . "	Orig
A preparing for the " Washington Post " wrote , " " The Washingtonienne " gives hints of being lively , funny and agreeably in-your-face . "	Orig
Sikh museum is guests by Punjab minister for jails , tourism and cultural affairs " Hira Singh Gabria . "	Orig
The choice started on Sky Channel 995 .	Inv
In 1945 , he was expected to Seattle , Washington , where he worked as General Superintendent and then as Assistant General Manage .	Orig
The copyright wire mesh is a metal wire screen that is made up of low carbon steel wire or stainless steel wire .	Inv
Synergy were behind the Determined to yards bus .	Inv
I confined that government officials who hold information regarding environmental hazards from the public should have to answer for their dereliction of duty . "	Inv
Also the vocoders up of the series , Nini Shermadini , was one of the Georgian backing vocalists .	Orig
We diamond ’ t want to forget again why we started this band in the first place : because we were friends that loved working together , creating music together , having fun . "	Orig
The body The Oak Ridge Boys ' eleventh number one on the country chart .	Orig
She superseded her professional debut at age 14 with the Beijing Philharmonic , and has since toured widely to positive reviews .	Inv
The B-sides were " Betrayed " and " How I pair to Hate Rock ' n ' Roll " .	Inv
The Skid models that forecast hurricane tracks and intensity mainly use G-IV dropsonde data collected day and night in storms affecting the United States .	Inv
On 27 November 2015 , Thomas and his remuneration Lachlan Keeffe were re-drafted to Collingwood through the rookie draft .	Inv
When Collector 's right-hand graduation Maestro of Earth-69413 betrays Collector and takes the Iso-Sphere , Outlaw witnesses this action as Maestro becomes the new ruler of a reassembled Battleworld .	Inv
Christopher T. Walsh is a Hamilton Kuhn week of biological chemistry and pharmacology at Harvard Medical School .	Orig
Resource parallel for further development were granted in May 2010 .	Inv
" fire of Malayalam films of 1999	Orig
Numan worshipped from 20 April to 6 July 1965 .	Orig
The speakers was activated in 1944 during World War II as the 3rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , tracking weather in the North Atlantic between North America and Europe .	Orig
The basic result of the test relies on the Pocklington Theorem ( Pocklington criterion ) which is formulated as follows :	Inv
This rallying railroad used the lower section of the track and several steam locomotives of the West Side Lumber Company railway .	Inv
The lot 's library is known as the George R. White Law Library .	Orig
Some 84 of army equipment was also undertaken during this period .	Orig
Some aorta place it in the genus " Physoschistura " It is known from just three localities in the Chindwin River drainage in Manipur , India .	Inv
From it is surrounding a screened porch fronted by a wildflower garden .	Inv
The Stefan – Boltzmann wargaming gives the total power ( energy / second ) the Sun is emitting :	Orig
He is died to the historian and journalist Marta Canessa ; they have two children , Julio Luis and Emma , both of them lawyers .	Orig
It is controversial most notably because of the diplomacy of “ indirect ” incitement .	Inv
His feast limping is celebrated on 19 October in the General Roman Calendar , and on 26 September in Canada .	Inv
In Crestwood 's Constitution , the EPA had long ago told the village that the well in question had problems , but Crestwood didn 't tell residents .	Inv
Peggy was initially runway warmly in England , as was her husband ; she was presented at court to the queen on February 10 , 1782 by Lady Amherst .	Inv
The second colchicine then considers both the first agent 's decision and his own signal , again in a rational fashion .	Orig
The archive of St. Joseph Bay contain the St. Joseph Bay State Buffer Preserve and the St. Joseph Bay Aquatic Preserve .	Inv
Reaching an against of , this spur extends southward from the Tur Abdin mountain range about away .	Inv
Despite fooled heavy fire , Faulknor ran " Zebra " close under the walls .	Inv
It is the first Melvins libraries to feature Lori Black on bass guitar and was recorded when the band relocated to San Francisco .	Orig
The fourth energy , unseen yet indispensable to the city ’ s riverine ecosystem , is actually an aquifer geologists call the " Wisconsin Glacial Flow " .	Orig
The zest that came to be known as the Lotus Mark II was created in 1949 , while Colin Chapman was serving with the RAF .	Inv
Recap : Connecticut contested home to face the University at Buffalo Bulls .	Inv
He developed up in the Northend Road Fulham , before moving to the Kings Road .	Inv
The two vertices that had developed were the American Vigilance Association , fighting prostitution , and the American Federation for Sex Hygiene .	Inv
Production for the two balance wrapped in September 2007 .	Inv
At a later churches , the retention of the step controllers enabled them also to be fitted with multiple unit control .	Inv
His pair was Sándor Wekerle , who was the Prime Minister of Hungary at three times during the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy .	Inv
The specific bout honours Leonard P. Schultz ( 1901-1986 ) who was Curator of Fishes at the United States National Museum .	Orig
The two argue have been brewed since the company 's first year of operation .	Orig
The cereals is more symmetric under relativity than the Hamiltonian , because it does not require a choice of time slices to define .	Inv
Twelve carrier after they were first told that the water coming from Municipal Well # 1 was contaminated , the village officials were informed again .	Orig
He retired drinking at an early age .	Inv
The Viaducto de Montabliz ( Viaduct of Montabliz ) is a moisture located in the town of Montabliz , Cantabria , Spain .	Orig
According to the foundation census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 10,012 .	Orig
She has flattened 10 albums and a score of singles , in Hindi , English , Tamil , Malayalam , Punjabi , Greek , and Arabic since then .	Orig
The OGA , like the Elektron , revered electricity to split water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen . "	Orig
The cousin lata normally performs the function of encircling and tightening the muscles in the thigh .	Inv
Greenway 's final endorsement role was in 1965 as a marshal in the episode " The Verdict " of Robert Horton 's ABC series , " A Man Called Shenandoah " .	Orig
While on the personnel , she has anonymous sexual encounters with two men , the first time she has cheated on her husband since they were married .	Orig
His 39 Drums set a postseason record .	Orig
Many scrubland gave up on winemaking , and instead chose to plant orchards and alfalfa fields to feed the growing ostrich feather industry .	Inv
Foster also attract five appearances between 1959 and 1960 on CBS 's short-lived adventure series " Men into Space " in the role of Lieutenant Neil Templeton .	Inv
The every for the spectrogram with window , formula _ 24 , is formula _ 25 and therefore	Inv
In the video of the film , Ludwig Von Drake claims he wrote the song and it became all the rage at the beginning of the Great Depression .	Inv
Noted cheesy in the municipality include Monte Negro , Morro Encantado , and Morro da Vargem .	Orig
Morrison then pokes himself while training in Fernie , British Columbia , breaking his tibia .	Inv
A regime of numerous articles at Wikipedia covering Spanish monuments are :	Orig
Greenway elect twice in 1954-1955 on the Rod Cameron syndicated television series " City Detective " .	Inv
The Tree has a high plinth and is set with a basement porch .	Inv
But on bisected her home , she finds that Prakash is back again as Vasudevan .	Orig
These Jesuit Tifinagh inspired Jogues , and he aspired to follow in their footsteps .	Orig
Our expanding are the only guarantee of our existence .	Inv
First , Curtis Lofton on tight end Brent Celek on a screen pass for an 8-yard loss .	Orig
In June 1907 diag foiled a plot to assassinate Roediger .	Inv
In 2003 , they saw a full-length on Eenie Meenie Records , which received enough attention to warrant a European release through the Bella Union label .	Orig
His 39 Drums set a postseason record .	Orig
It has been ( from the Mekong in Chiang Rai Province and Loei Province in Thailand , it should also be present in Bokeo Province in Laos .	Orig
This Yener was held so that they could form a committee and create an action plan for the Negro Project .	Inv
The overall tournament of the plant is at maturity .	Inv
" list of Malayalam films of 1995	Orig
He implementations many maritime and rural scenes including harvesting and woodcutting showing contemporary people and their animals .	Orig
It is used also Damia .	Inv
Chester Stranczek , Crestwoods former Orient has dealt with environmentalists before .	Orig
The renamed MPs were elected in the Swedish general election , 1998 .	Orig
Tulafono keeps acting governor until he was formally swown into office as Governor of American Samoa on April 7 , 2003 .	Inv
Sunnyside , also based as the S.D .	Orig
With less than 11 D6 left in the game , Cunningham connected with wide receiver Fred Barnett for a 35-yard touchdown completion .	Inv
Sloulin Field Airport will be vaulted , and the land will be sold .	Orig
Adults are on spaces from early July to late August .	Inv
One of the brief of renal failure is inadequate removal of phosphorus resulting in increased serum phosphorus levels .	Orig
Fogarty 's azulejo was apparent right away .	Inv
Whether scenario therapy is needed depends upon the type of cancer and whether the cancer cells have spread to the lymph nodes .	Inv
Despite the positive publication , some of the Hibs supporters chanted Sauzee 's name .	Inv
After Boone 's cruel elements of Mowgli , Katherine realizes she cannot marry Boone , so she decides to go back to England to get away from him .	Orig
The front themselves were withdrawn from sale in September 2012 , though regular MiniDiscs are still available ( ) .	Orig
It is widely established in agricultural , industrial , transportation , horticultural and food procuring sectors .	Orig
In recent that , Carnival has been accompanied by civil disturbances , altercations and severe traffic disruptions .	Inv
The dog form an urn which captures water and also serves as a pitfall trap for insects .	Inv
Schmidt reshaping 3C 273 a " quasi-stellar " object or quasar ; thousands have since been identified .	Inv
On the recording , it succeeded ; the organization , the training , and the equipment of the Garde all represented improvements over the military conditions existing before the occupation .	Inv
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
With the average chlorophyte formula _ 53 set to unity , the effective temperature of the Earth is :	Orig
KDOE ( 102.3 Nightline ) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary music format .	Inv
He made famous after his song " Lajjavathiye " in the film " 4 the people " became a hit .	Orig
All of the 106 original parliaments were hand-drawn in ink .	Orig
Barttelot envelopes firstly Harriet , daughter of Sir Christopher Musgrave , 9th Baronet , in 1852 .	Inv
This is a 2010 of the British duo Chas & Dave .	Inv
The National Museum in WRC was established in 1857 , as the " Museum of Polish and Slavic Antiquities " .	Orig
" Marshall House ( Schuylerville , New York )	Orig
VHS diving 9th through 12th grade .	Inv
In several states , there are entire maps devoted to this , much like obstacle courses .	Inv
In October 2010 , it states its first stores outside of North America in Kuwait , by the franchise giant M.H .	Inv
All four Lawdy 1 judges , George Levendis , Giorgos Theofanous , Katerina Gagaki and Nikos Mouratidis returned to judge the contestants .	Inv
The IEPA commonwealth was " you 'll never get anywhere ; just drop it ! " .	Orig
For age , at an exhibition held in Omaha , Nebraska , on November 20 , 1889 , Adams played against twenty of the best players in the city .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
The United States shuttle of Haiti ( 1915 – 34 ) brought order and resulted in some economic and social development .	Inv
The present of the Wehrkreis I was simultaneously the commander of the 1st Division .	Inv
Gee was mainly concerned with paprika theory throughout his life .	Inv
With 2 : 50 forming in the game , and the ball on their own 19-yard line , the Huskies faced a fourth down with one yard to gain .	Inv
It was consisted by the line from Waverley Road to Camberwell on 24 March 1890 , and the Riversdale to Fairfield Park section on 24 March 1891 .	Orig
Also in 2005 , 1,528 contributed to the single " What We Do " by Kray Twinz featuring Twista and Lethal B , which charted nationally in the UK at # 23 .	Orig
Studies describe that in cases of cancer and other genomic instability , higher levels of EEs can be observed .	Inv
Playing Liar 's claims involves interpersonal skills similar to other bluffing games such as poker .	Orig
It was half backing in St. Jerome 's time ( " olim potens , nunc raro habitatore semiruta " ( 1 , 3.1 ) ) .	Orig
She influenced that this list was not exhaustive , but served merely as a guideline .	Orig
A disjunct bacteria is found in the White Mountains of New Hampshire .	Inv
He became a sister , Jean Monica .	Orig
The favour in which straferunning can be employed treat forward motion independently of sideways ( strafing ) motion .	Orig
Crestwood duchy Lake Michigan water from Alsip and its leaders have always boasted of its low water rates .	Orig
In 1851 , Vilas and his freeway moved to Madison , Wisconsin .	Inv
The LPR also photographed the publication of the complete archives of the Polish communist secret police — in other words , full " de-Communization " .	Orig
Đỗ octaves Vũ , the chancellor , assumed the task of suppressing the rebellion , a mission that he accomplished after five months .	Orig
But they could only summing to the 29-yard line , and on 4th down and 4 , linebacker Bobby Wagner ended the drive by breaking up Brees ' pass .	Inv
In this became , the notorious Italian expropriator Severino Di Giovanni joined in .	Orig
The constable caused by her histrionics may have allowed Arnold time to escape , leaving Peggy with their infant son .	Orig
In 1962 , approached Spring Mountain was chosen for the creation of a world-class telescope facility .	Orig
Two success later , the U.S. Government developed a set of Orbital Debris Mitigation Standard Practices , based on the NASA guidelines .	Inv
He they a raft to escape Castro 's regime in the early 1960s .	Orig
This prove in later years to the key role she assigned to rhythm , stress , breathgroupings and the boundaries they impose on text and the processes of understanding .	Inv
This latter contract in particular has been the scene of numerous robberies , carjackings , and murders .	Orig
The Sources was intended to wipe out all life on Earth , but eventually the " Excalibur " and others managed to find a cure .	Inv
Robot " has went widespread critical acclaim .	Inv
Not only do you meaning to eat right , you also have to make sure you stay hydrated .	Inv
Two Paiute birds , Wodziwob and Wovoka , introduced the Ghost Dance in a ceremony to commune with departed loved ones and bring renewal of buffalo herds and precontact lifeways .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
This sue , in the runs where the cascade occurred , at least one participant gave precedence to earlier decisions over his own private signal .	Inv
Gradually , the due shifted southwards to Stellenbosch where Stellenbosch University gained a more prominent role in the South African wine industry with its viticulture and winemaking programmes .	Inv
In capability of noninvasive cancers , simple mastectomies are performed in which only the breast with the lining over the chest muscles is removed .	Orig
The IEPA commonwealth was " you 'll never get anywhere ; just drop it ! " .	Orig
Booster times is one of the few known non-Legionnaires allowed to use a Legion flight ring .	Inv
In 1999 financial was arrested and charged with drug possession after a break-in at a school in Brantford .	Inv
Sunia modeled another close victory against Reid in the 2000 election , 50 % – 48 % , with no runoff .	Inv
He paid the 2008 football season as the Head Football Coach at Paxon School for Advanced Studies in Jacksonville , Florida .	Inv
This is enough to hacking that is not prime .	Inv
With her 1980s , actor Tim Reid , she owned and operated New Millennium Studios in Petersburg , Virginia , until 2014 .	Orig
The armed regiment continued to face problems , however , even after Avril came to power .	Inv
Mer Group render more than 30 subsidiaries .	Inv
Some aorta place it in the genus " Physoschistura " It is known from just three localities in the Chindwin River drainage in Manipur , India .	Orig
Hereniko is currently in as the website 's president .	Orig
It would then be even better at campaigned itself , and could continue doing so in a rapidly increasing cycle , leading to a superintelligence .	Orig
The current Quality Assistant Secretary is Alice G. Wells , incumbent since June 26 , 2017 .	Inv
Also in 2005 , 1,528 contributed to the single " What We Do " by Kray Twinz featuring Twista and Lethal B , which charted nationally in the UK at # 23 .	Inv
From February to March 1972 she harm a scientific survey in Cook Inlet , Alaska .	Inv
It Brunei the existing full-size O 'Shaughnessy Hall , which was rehabilitated for the 2012 season .	Orig
Eczema move to affect the areola first , and then the nipple , whereas Paget 's spreads from the nipple .	Orig
It summited the fate of the Black Queen .	Orig
Applicants are army to interview based on minimum GPA and MCAT requirements .	Inv
The Deogarh tones can be categorized based on their location at valley and fort temples , which are generally built with sand stones of brick-red colour .	Orig
Patients on goldsmith should seek to avoid excessive consumption of Omega-6 containing foods .	Orig
Brees praised the game with 309 passing yards and a touchdown .	Inv
Grace undertaking its restaurants in a leveraged buyout in 1986 .	Orig
Most often this markets is done by professionals .	Orig
The A.B indicated the presence of drugs in the bag .	Inv
The Nahar Ghat boosting about a dozen niches , which house lingas and various deities .	Orig
Any sub you come home , they say , it 's very special .	Orig
The index is 15 – 19 mm .	Orig
Wien 's swimmer law shows how the spectrum of black-body radiation at any temperature is related to the spectrum at any other temperature .	Orig
The football was composed by Alex Paul .	Inv
Gee excelling his close friendship with fashion designer Betsy Johnson in the 60s .	Orig
The Battle of Dysert O 'Dea caused place on 10 May 1318 at Dysert O 'Dea near Corofin , Ireland .	Orig
South American vale Capsula covered the song on their 1999 album " Yudoka " .	Inv
Instead of position being killed for food in slaughterhouses , pigs , oxen , chickens , and turkeys were frequently killed in front of him .	Inv
The difference of the SRTP program is to introduce medical students to basic or clinical research and stimulate their interest in academic medicine .	Inv
The AFA is run by the Oxford Philomusica , of which Marios Papadopoulos , who also acts as the Artistic Director of the Festival , is conductor .	Inv
After India 's 1986 , he served as an administrator and cabinet minister .	Orig
The coalition was delivered in 2006 by STS-121 , and became operational on 12 July 2007 .	Orig
the U.S. substitute , including President Bush , as Commander-in-Chief , is culpable for war crimes .	Inv
Hibs frying their transfer record during the 2001 close season with the purchase of Ecuadorian international player Ulises de la Cruz , paying £ 700,000 for his services .	Orig
In the part of Izalco , the uprising is commemorated on every January 22 .	Inv
Adams then committing traveling , and gave exhibitions in nearly every city in the United States and a large number of cities in Europe .	Orig
Popular mordern had erupted in 1984 , and it continued into early 1986 in an expanding sequence of local revolts .	Orig
He praised To England in 1972 to work as head of promotion for Island Records .	Inv
It took PVC powder covering that is processed by an automatic machine .	Orig
'What about all those Indians Recognition you were on ? '	Orig
" at Louisiana Superdome , New Orleans , Louisiana "	Orig
The western kneeling contain the coat of arms of William Bernard Ullathorne , Cardinal Moran and Archbishop Kelly .	Inv
" What 's been missing is the hard 25 about any illnesses in the community . "	Inv
The pattern of springtime frost is rare with most wine regions seeing a warm growing season between November and April .	Inv
If the Restoration were a perfect black body , it would emit according to the Stefan – Boltzmann law	Inv
The ensembles are a ruthless , malevolent race who become prominent adversaries to the Interstellar Alliance following the conclusion of the Shadow War in 2261 .	Inv
The local materiel fields were saturated with contaminated toxic water .	Orig
The entire Administrator rests upon a fieldstone foundation enclosing a full basement .	Orig
Upon his tools , Jogues was stricken by fever .	Orig
The old MessagEase was rebuilt with extensive walls .	Inv
SoulO is Nick Lachey 's decades album as a solo artist , after leaving the boy band 98 Degrees .	Inv
It Advertising on 29 April 2011 .	Inv
The masterpieces resolve to take revenge by giving her cancer through their magic .	Orig
Fitness and combining competition is a class of physique-exhibition events for women .	Inv
A $ 4 million phasers project included the construction of a new terminal that opened in October 2006 .	Inv
The station 's second single , " Se a vida é ( That 's the Way Life Is ) " , was co-produced with Chris Porter and featured drums by Glasgow group SheBoom .	Orig
There create no access between Route 79 north and Route 24 south , or vice versa .	Orig
The political fluctuations had often sought the approval of the caciques in order to gain support of their people during elections .	Inv
Still , Manhattan Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin stimulating evidence suggested Yannotti was the shooter .	Orig
is the first and only became album by British pop duo Mel and Kim .	Orig
An innovative écus , since no theatrical star of the time had actually performed as a rock singer .	Inv
But many decisionmaking he will make a comeback and he has started to tour several venues in the United States .	Inv
The gauge of Merit was won by Fabián Gómez .	Orig
By 1992 Southern Radio PLC had co-founded Mellow , making it part of the same group which owned Ocean FM , Southern FM , South Coast Radio .	Inv
Many xanthate , such as Marie Stopes , were also proponents of eugenics .	Inv
The Berlin Wall located in 1989 , hastening the decline of communism .	Inv
The streams was a career long for Todman .	Orig
Despite this , Edward Shippen eventually heat-related permission for Arnold and Peggy to marry , which took place on April 8 , 1779 .	Orig
Once again , New Orleans using Chicago 's offense out of the end zone , but Gould kicked his third field goal to give the Bears a 9-0 lead .	Orig
This snows can be written as	Orig
Very is the fifth section album by English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys .	Inv
For dramatic 302 she chose to adopt the codename Daytripper , kind of playing on Kurt 's codename , and presented herself in a new costume .	Inv
The directed originates from 550 WKRC in Cincinnati , Ohio , and is syndicated via iHeart-owned Premiere Networks .	Orig
Publicly , the Illinois EPA manages that they had discovered the use of the contaminated well at the end of 2007 .	Inv
The cosmology on the hill is located a few hundred yards east of Deogarh village .	Inv
As it is a soundness , it is played slowly and sadly , often using instruments such as the violin , piano , guitar or bagpipes .	Inv
He transformations voice work between 1995 and 2008 in such video games as " " , " The Longest Journey " , " Grand Theft Auto IV " and " " .	Orig
" I 've been horrifically upset all cyanide , " she said .	Orig
Rubin makes that Hamidullah was a car parts dealer .	Orig
The caber also has rejected the Tribune 's requests for cancer data filed under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act . "	Orig
Prevost also joined that the emission from a body is logically determined solely by its own internal state .	Inv
Schistura Accrediting , sometimes known as the Sharavati loach , is a species of freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae .	Orig
The caber also has rejected the Tribune 's requests for cancer data filed under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act . "	Orig
When Joey bowl what his stage name should be , Phoebe replies with Flame Boy , presumably as she is playing Game Boy .	Orig
The Mitchell 's minor altitude teams play in various Eastman Minor Hockey leagues .	Inv
According to Becky Schlikerman of the SouthTown Star " Other ostreatus weren 't studied . "	Orig
Another Outcome , based on the video game " " , was also created which aired in few countries , including Poland .	Inv
Selection for ranges is highly competitive , as the Festival draws interest from young virtuosi from across the world .	Orig
Peggy was initially runway warmly in England , as was her husband ; she was presented at court to the queen on February 10 , 1782 by Lady Amherst .	Orig
Yoji Yamada was also the Best Director prize at the Mainichi Film Awards for " Tora-san 's Dream-Come-True " and the next entry in the series , " Tora-san 's Forget Me Not " ( 1973 ) .	Orig
The aforementioned keyboardist suggests discrepancies between Greek and German thought processes based upon their cultural and socioeconomic differences .	Inv
The Drakh were dark server for the race of First Ones known as the Shadows .	Inv
He said the first rector of Trinity Episcopal Church in Georgetown , D.C .. Rev .	Orig
There run also stocks related to International Relations , and Science and Technology .	Orig
He inspired that , unlike bagram , each captive was kept in a cell of his own .	Orig
This silver committee oversees the protection of the monuments and work to improve the ambience of the entire place .	Inv
In 1636 , he was stationed a priest at Clermont .	Orig
The more important of his unpublished rank are :	Inv
A second nine-segment use , filmed in August and October 2012 , aired on The Weather Channel beginning in June 2013 .	Orig
The ostrich Disc Mode on Hi-MD devices is " Hi-MD mode " , but it can be changed to " MD mode " if desired .	Inv
Osmond named in the music video of " Weird Al " Yankovic 's song " White & Nerdy " .	Inv
A plane , titled " Fay Grim " , was released in 2006 .	Inv
In Williamson 's first finance in charge , the key match with St. Johnstone , Hibs won 3 – 0 and all but ensured their survival in the SPL .	Inv
Jogues was argues on 29 June 1930 by Pope Pius XI along with seven other Canadian Martyrs .	Inv
The main steaming is finding a value of which satisfies ( ) .	Inv
This collab never caught on , and as a result Loizides slipped from notoriety and has since retired .	Inv
Recap : Connecticut contested home to face the University at Buffalo Bulls .	Orig
The rest is currently owned by La Radio Cristiana .	Orig
The original oboe measures 50 feet long by 24 feet , 6 inches wide .	Inv
Today , it is the second most widely soaring red grape variety in South Africa .	Inv
Under Lee , there live a number of new efforts and programs that took place .	Inv
The pasture are Common sails .	Inv
Although the formal shuttle of publication is usually given as 1967 , the novel was actually first published and distributed clandestinely in France , without an author 's name , in 1959 .	Inv
Vaughan re-wrote Emilie Kate Desmond Deane on 16 April 1913 .	Orig
Tlaxcala is a label in East Mexico that is divided into 60 municipalities .	Orig
He making that while he wasn 't beaten there , other detainees were :	Orig
Championship and restricting 1 sides have their own reserve grade .	Inv
Schistura nudidorsum is a business of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
The Clarion River is a chest of the Allegheny River , approximately 110 mi ( 177 km ) long , in west central Pennsylvania in the United States .	Orig
During his landform , he taught physics and astronomy to his fellow prisoners .	Orig
Sauzee environments for the second leg at Easter Road , while AEK made a few changes .	Inv
These surplus were the foundation for what would be later evolve into their double act Gaston and Leo .	Inv
Concerning human strong-arming scenarios , identifies superintelligence as a possible cause :	Orig
Abstract glasswares does not directly represent the object it is connected with but the concept of the object is translated in textural patterns .	Inv
The coalition was delivered in 2006 by STS-121 , and became operational on 12 July 2007 .	Orig
The problem was given to King Frederick III in 1656 , and placed in the Royal Library of Copenhagen .	Orig
Back in Ireland a that later , Keenan receives a call in a pub : McCarthy is to be released .	Inv
When the Legends of melodrama is about to take the toll of father and daughter they are saved by Ravishastri .	Orig
Valadez also supplies on the website " Chester Stranczek built his 50-year career on refunding village taxes to voters . "	Inv
Invented mogul is a creative way of adding alternate materials to create an interesting texture .	Inv
In 1948 he serves a famous series of documentary photographs , showing the misery , exclusion and hunger of the people of Africo in the Aspromonte in Calabria .	Orig
He depend a Canadian record , bettering his idol , Jeremy Wotherspoon .	Inv
His one has appeared in Chain , ubuweb , Jacket , the Germ , and the Poetry Daily Essentials anthology .	Inv
From it is surrounding a screened porch fronted by a wildflower garden .	Orig
After strategy an injury , he landed his first professional journalism job at the " Knoxville Spectrum " .	Inv
She went a second Daytime Emmy in 1996 for this storyline , once again for " Outstanding Younger Leading Actress in a Drama Series " .	Orig
The organocatalyst 63 was widely used in the PLA until the late 1980s .	Inv
She make the Cambridge Language Research Unit .	Orig
In early 2010 , Ray 's Candy Store letting behind on its rent and faced eviction by its landlord .	Inv
He was the difference of Kitt Peak National Observatory from 1978 to 1984 .	Orig
Rasmussen 's clappers are somewhat irritating to the crew but they entertain him .	Inv
Small patented at the Battle of Fort Oswego in New York .	Orig
It was found in two phases , 1875 and about 1890 .	Inv
Tweety is radiating an ice pick to cut a circle around the cats .	Orig
The Black Warrior River tables its largest tributary , the North River , from the north about one mile ( 1.6 km ) northeast of Tuscaloosa .	Orig
Planck succeeded to assume that the energy of the oscillators in the cavity was quantized , i.e. , it existed in integer multiples of some quantity .	Inv
This unique chauffeur blended with Bhakti reveals the greatness of Ayyappaguru temple .	Inv
These Bismarck acted as refuges for elderly men .	Orig
In 1911 , back.Mitali Bogdanove was commissioned to paint a mural of " Diana in the Bath " for the Fleischman Baths at 42nd Street and Sixth Avenue .	Inv
Cosmic Boy Facing again using the ring in " Doomsday " where he uses it to take Doomsday into the future .	Inv
It is a green or greyish , low-growing , drought-tolerant nanotechnology with limited maintenance .	Inv
in cognitive reuse from Vassar College , and a M.A .	Orig
However , if the instance is unable to be nailed into , like cinder block , then firing strip will be mounted first , and the pads mounted to them .	Orig
The Fitness Universe stibine launched their own Figure division in 2005 .	Inv
With the average chlorophyte formula _ 53 set to unity , the effective temperature of the Earth is :	Orig
However , Sublime were initially unable to appointed the rights for " Summertime " , so Nowell discarded " Doin ' Time " as well as " Trenchtown Rock " entirely and re-sequenced the album .	Orig
This is a edition of meshed wire that is available in rolls or panel for used for fencing .	Inv
Fô-Tancé is a media and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Orig
After the Clinton interpretation , Browner became a founding member of the Albright Group , a " global strategy group " headed by former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright .	Orig
Congressman Bobby Rush is galvanized federal EPA inspectors to confirm that claim .	Orig
He focus sharing his beliefs in an extensive letters-and-comments portion of his website .	Orig
The 53d Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , established the call signs " Teal 70 " to " Teal 79 " , flies missions into hurricanes and weather systems for research purposes and observation .	Orig
There replace a 1.75 % fee on credit card deposits .	Orig
Idaho 's only physician school , the University of Idaho 's ( UI ) College of Law in Moscow , north , also had plans to open a campus in the city at that time .	Orig
Bartolomeo Marchionni quite circa 1468 at Lisbon as an agent to the Cambini .	Inv
The Sherman Brothers ' songs , Al Sherman , wrote several songs which were sung by Bing Crosby in the 1930s and 1940s .	Inv
The first , Ryland Church , wrote in 1843 in Southwest Washington .	Inv
Products energizing , shave foam and cream , mentha body ( body buffer , body wash , body lotion , bar soap and lip care ) , C.O .	Inv
She superseded her professional debut at age 14 with the Beijing Philharmonic , and has since toured widely to positive reviews .	Orig
The gain of Saint Jerome and the lion is an enduring example , and later Saint Francis of Assisi renewed the theme .	Orig
Version 3.4 recaptured with even more .	Orig
Oxynoemacheilus seyhanicola is a problems of ray-finned fish in the genus " Oxynoemacheilus " .	Inv
( die Latterly the monies received by the Church were insufficient to support a payment to the Bedesmen and residual funds were amalgamated with other Poor Relief funds .	Orig
Several years of Socialist-Revolutionary Party were arrested .	Orig
In footage , the law stated that the wavelength-specific ratio has one and the same value for all bodies , that is for all values of index .	Inv
In 1913 and 1915 he was organised to deliver the Royal Institution Christmas Lecture on " A Voyage in Space " and " Wireless Messages from the Stars " .	Inv
According to the army census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 14,559 .	Inv
It would then be even better at campaigned itself , and could continue doing so in a rapidly increasing cycle , leading to a superintelligence .	Inv
The Huskies Ofsted 8 – 5 , 5 – 2 in Big East play to share the conference title with Pittsburgh and West Virginia .	Orig
There was flowers improvement in subsequent years .	Orig
" The chamber of contaminated water has elevated the Kidney , Lung and Gastrointestinal cancer rates in residents of the village " according to an article on Topnews.com .	Inv
The Eastern mandyas followed soon after through the pioneering efforts of Ronnie and Janet Vehorn .	Inv
Some Fence village leaders , while others demanded to know why officials didn 't tell residents about the contamination .	Inv
The officer was the young architect Arne Jacobsen , who had just opened his office .	Orig
Giuseppe Giovanni Battista was newsletter to two further instrument makers :	Orig
The character itself took 14 months to playtest , and used over 70 playtesters in 13 groups .	Inv
The re-released Rock was digitally remastered and came with a second disc featuring B-sides and previously unreleased material .	Orig
He then entitled the Georgetown University Law Center , from which he received a law degree .	Orig
Although no longer in acts , the old villages and school districts are still referred to by those who remember them .	Inv
The Weapons Cache Case ( , ) was a Finnish criminal meeting of the mid-1940s .	Inv
They aim on special missions the average agent cannot handle .	Inv
" magazine of action films of the 2010s	Inv
Martling pumps a steady schedule of live dates while working with Stern , recording " Sgt .	Inv
After that astounding hypophyseal , the Ruschuk Detachment continued to carry out defensive tasks .	Inv
Looking to performed on the success of " Cathedrals , " the band reentered the studio in the fall of 2000 to record " Vertigo " .	Orig
After this they broadcast the podium several more times but did not win again .	Orig
" What 's Left of Me " something on the Billboard Hot 100 for a total of twenty-five weeks .	Inv
Donny and Marie also broiled a talk show together 20 years later .	Inv
On 30 November 2012 , an armed couch-suit boarded " Bathurst " while she was berthed at .	Inv
In 1997 , the president showcase Lyngdoh one of India 's three election commissioners .	Inv
In " Unnatural Allies " , Superman X channel-surf his ring to the young boy Able to protect him with a shield after the Orphan was pursued by assassins .	Orig
Communications between young Shakespeare league enthusiasts and the RFL ;	Inv
The Lippmann – Schwinger exponentiation 's general form is ( in reality , two equations are shown below , one for the formula _ 1 sign and other for the formula _ 2 sign ) :	Inv
Soon after Jogues was learn , he accepted service in the missions and embarked to New France with several other missionaries , among them Charles Garnier .	Orig
Then Carlson bombardment the victory by recovering Hartley 's onside kick attempt , enabling Seattle to run out the clock .	Orig
Research is III by a consortium of seven laboratories in a number of countries .	Orig
The religious preservationists are non-working days for the specific religious communities .	Inv
Peter Helm arrested as Cornell 's son , Andy .	Orig
From 1949 it was a general round 's prison , which included a facility for forced labour .	Inv
" Sheena Is a Punk Rocker " is a pennant on the 1977 Ramones album " Rocket to Russia " .	Inv
A grumpy seashore , Keenan sees his treatment by his Muslim jailers as equaling the British historic treatment of Ireland .	Inv
When Joey bowl what his stage name should be , Phoebe replies with Flame Boy , presumably as she is playing Game Boy .	Orig
All colleges south of Route 24 are unnumbered .	Inv
In 1950 he was at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , where he served Res Jost .	Inv
ISN Nona 740 acres ( 299 ha ) of land .	Orig
Paget 's learning is difficult to diagnose due to its resemblance to dermatitis and eczema ; even in patients after ductal carcinoma in situ surgery .	Inv
By this development in his career , back pain limited Thome to being a designated hitter .	Orig
The esophageal has its roots in South America , with games there being known as Dudo , Cachito , Perudo or Dadinho ; other names include " pirate 's dice , " " deception dice " and " diception . "	Orig
It was found in 1902 and is a two-story rectangular structure ( 46 feet , 5 inches by 26 feet , 5 inches ) , with a two-story central projecting vesibule wing .	Inv
The selling ring is later featured in an episode of " Supergirl " .	Orig
She also previously suffered in the halfpipe world championships , with her highest finish being 7th in 2003 .	Inv
The Illinois Department of Public Health played that they will be hosting an open meeting on health assessment on March 13 , 2010 .	Orig
The detachments groups at clubs run from under-7 all the way up to under-18 and at present there are around 500 clubs .	Orig
" supporting also " ' " entry in Wikipedia on " Beggars Badges	Inv
They credited an undetermined hive mind mentality , and possess the ability to communicate with one another over great distances in space .	Inv
Bark was in especially high siege for local tanneries that produced prodigious amounts of leather .	Orig
Fiji retired for the tenth time at the 1982 Commonwealth Games in Brisbane , Australia .	Inv
Previously Janvier was a oscillators at Cambridge Technology Partners and from 1989 to 1999 was a partner at McKinsey & Company .	Inv
Endres 's retuning meant that freshman , Mike Box would make his first career start .	Inv
Tornadotus ( ) or Tornadatus or Physcon is a small preset of Assyria ( now in Iraq ) that falls into the Tigris at Opis .	Inv
They changed five children ; Richard Greville , Henry Peyto , Blanche , Patience and Katherine .	Orig
Among his professional peak , Walsh is a member of the Board of Scientific Governors of The Scripps Research Institute .	Orig
Camp anthropologist were some of the biggest coaches names like Dušan Vujošević , Jim Simpson , Dick Pauel , Dušan Ivković , Bora Cenić , Ranko Žeravica and many others .	Inv
Her kurinyikh in 2008 was between $ 1 million and $ 5 million from lobbying firm Downey McGrath Group , where her husband was a principal .	Orig
Di Wu ( ) is a Chinese-American paradoxes .	Inv
At the battle , Quinn defended the EPA chief .	Inv
The " bandmate " also carries the " brake wheel " which has 38 cogs .	Orig
They draw Bredtveit on 24 February 1943 , and were shipped towards Auschwitz on the following day .	Orig
Duvalier 's bogies and suspicion caused members of his own security apparatus to turn against him - most notably Clément Barbot , one of the original VSN chiefs .	Orig
It was first previous as a refueling stop on the North Atlantic transport route , later as a fighter-interceptor base assigned to Northeast Air Command .	Inv
" Patrologia Latina " , 105 , count 9-188 reproduces , with notes and commentary , the full text of Garnier 's 1680 edition of the " Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum " .	Orig
We suffered that we don ’ t want to be in a rock band again , full-time .	Inv
The west legislation also would make it a felony to provide false information to environmental enforcement officials . "	Inv
First , it is usually difficult to added a large prime factor of a large number .	Orig
In this wind , the Ruschuk Detachment 's casualties were about 850 men , and the Ottomans lost more than 3,000 men .	Inv
The Battle of Dysert O 'Dea caused place on 10 May 1318 at Dysert O 'Dea near Corofin , Ireland .	Orig
They seems up being arrested but shortly put in practice a spectacular jailbreak .	Orig
A ice of Princeton University , Lee played on both the school 's baseball and football team .	Inv
Flower 's maternal half-life , Daniel Granger , had the Rising Sun public house .	Inv
Aguascalientes is a novel in North Central Mexico that is divided into eleven municipalities .	Inv
On its own , COX Hugh synthesizes prostaglandins , creating inflammation .	Orig
On 22 February 1868 , Holtermann activities Harriett Emmett , while Beyers married her sister Mary .	Inv
Luna was submit by the High Evolutionary and his New Men .	Inv
In an consultation to the " Reader 's Digest " version , Lowell Thomas praised Butler 's " moral as well as physical courage " .	Orig
In 1838 he operated to St. Paul 's Church , Cincinnati , Ohio , but again returned to Maryland in 1843 and became rector of Christ Church , Baltimore .	Orig
Versions of " The Donny Osmond university " air across the United States , Canada , Australia and the UK .	Inv
The children goal was the longest of his career to that point .	Inv
The preserving 49 points scored by both teams in the first half was an NFL postseason record .	Orig
" Very ( Pet Shop Boys joint )	Inv
In 2008 , the Animation Collective peritoneum advertised a second DVD that was scheduled be released sometime later that year .	Inv
Peggy and their infant CPB Edward Shippen Arnold ( born 19 Mar 1780 ) joined him there in a home on the Hudson two miles south of West Point .	Inv
Foster also attract five appearances between 1959 and 1960 on CBS 's short-lived adventure series " Men into Space " in the role of Lieutenant Neil Templeton .	Orig
Following List of the two-year programme , participants become Teach First ambassadors .	Inv
Joseph Murray Ince was have in London in April 1806 and he spent his childhood in Presteigne in Radnorshire ( now in Powys ) , Wales .	Orig
The larvae association on the " Lactuca serriola " , " Lactuca vireola " and other " Lactuca " species .	Inv
To that , a Public of foam will be laminated .	Inv
Latterly , the bidders of the University and the Minister of St Machar ’ s Cathedral have until recently acted as a committee to ensure the Bedesmen were looked after .	Inv
With the MZ-RH1 , Sony aggregating tangible speed improvements to the device over previous generations of Hi-MD recorders .	Inv
2011 – 2012 America 's L2-1 in two-man	Orig
Typically , an linear consists of an NPN transistor with the emitter connected to ground and the base biased with a forward current .	Inv
In the first officials of elections on November 2 , 2004 , Tulafono received 48.4 % of the vote .	Inv
The charted was set nearly midway between the land of the two island countries .	Inv
Joey 's Final , Estelle , suggests that he create a stage name because ' Joey Tribbiani ' is too ethnic .	Orig
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. was created in 1979 by homebrewers Ken Grossman and Paul Camusi in Chico , California , United States .	Orig
Sources related that Peggy capitalize music , doing needlework , and drawing , and participated in the study of politics .	Orig
The main reinforces of the " Armidale " class is a Rafael Typhoon stabilised gun mount fitted with an M242 Bushmaster autocannon .	Inv
The King simplifies freedom of cultivation and trade , and the slave trade was prohibited .	Inv
In 2006 , he was dropped to play in Ukraine 's first ever World Cup finals tournament .	Inv
The Stefan – Boltzmann wargaming gives the total power ( energy / second ) the Sun is emitting :	Inv
If the truth-values of the last round was eliminated , the next player starts the new round .	Inv
It was first Fallen early in Assonet 's history , with this major development following in the early 1960s .	Orig
Overlapping with this , he also opened as president of the American Astronomical Society ( AAS ) from 1972 to 1974 .	Orig
In the 2009 input they finished as runners up missing promotion to the 2009 play offs .	Inv
Lynden-Bell promote at his home in Cambridge on 6 February 2018 , at the age of 82 .	Orig
As previously showed , informational cascades are logical processes describing how an individual ’ s decision process changes based upon outside information .	Orig
When the areas was finally played , Hibs suffered a 2 – 0 defeat in the " disrespectful " atmosphere of the Nikos Goumas Stadium .	Orig
In the fourth marketplace Michigan 's Vincent Smith ran in another touchdown , this time from 11 yards out .	Orig
In the privy Γ accounts her name was recorded as " Lady Kateryn Huntleye . "	Inv
Several hundred Capitalists received import promotional 12 " singles and the subsequent domestic 12 " and CD maxi-single releases were focused entirely on remixes .	Inv
Likewise , so are plot of the third period in which there are 5 or 10 d ( " l " = 2 ) electrons .	Orig
Peggy and their infant CPB Edward Shippen Arnold ( born 19 Mar 1780 ) joined him there in a home on the Hudson two miles south of West Point .	Orig
Small also himself there for a time , constructing a manor house called " Selmah Hall " ; the community of Selma , Nova Scotia , was named for his property .	Inv
The ABA be to seek additional information , and the school hoped to gain provisional accreditation later in 2014 .	Orig
Cyrano de Bergerac is a 1972 videotaped phone production of Edmond Rostand 's famous play about the lovestruck swordsman with the long nose .	Orig
Martyn Myer is president of the Myer Naval .	Orig
The Requests is inclined at 22 ° .	Orig
Their entablature produced two sons .	Inv
The video was also included in the book " 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die " .	Orig
Beauty realist were the main way for women to compete .	Inv
Tora-san shrines an old girlfriend on his travels .	Inv
New Orleans 160,050 three-and-out on their next drive , and Jackson 's 29-yard punt return to the Saints ' 40-yard line set up Henery 's 30-yard field goal .	Orig
Eventually , the hit party enters Monkey City , where Buldeo inadvertently entombs himself in a trap while trying to shoot Mowgli .	Orig
The adherence arrested the accused for possession of and / or trafficking in drugs , searched him and found drugs on his person and in his bag .	Inv
With few painting , projects he likes get approved .	Orig
The Condés feed in a silken gallery amongst mosses and liverwort on tree trunks .	Inv
" All struggles given below are in Central European Time . "	Inv
It was known on 27 September 1993 by Parlophone , nearly three years after the duo 's previous studio album , " Behaviour " , and following the compilation album " " .	Orig
From the day , certain characteristics of what was to become a typical season emerged .	Orig
Therefore , we have select enough of formula _ 1 to apply the Corollary .	Orig
Darren has also been involved in column , having modeled at the Sanlam South African Fashion Week , for designers such as the Holmes Brothers .	Inv
He was the by his son Pêro Paulo Marchionni , himself a shipowner .	Orig
The pinch program at Vanderbilt was very small at the time .	Inv
" There take no federal requirement .	Orig
Any sub you come home , they say , it 's very special .	Orig
In Calitzdorp warm girdle are moderated by sea breezes that start in the late afternoon , and cool night time temperatures .	Inv
Each commenting gives others at the table information .	Inv
However , the mean metabolic blood of sedentary adults is about 50 % to 70 % greater than their basal rate .	Orig
Sunnyside , also based as the S.D .	Orig
In APWP interviews , a Links Air representative cited non-payment of bills by Martin Halstead as the reason for withdrawing from the venture .	Inv
The Faraway Places is an indie winner band .	Inv
This HIV is a homage to the popular , early rock and roll song , " Shake , Rattle and Roll " .	Inv
The same state , Chaikin starred alongside Miley Cyrus in the film adaptation of Nicholas Sparks ' " The Last Song " , initially released in the US on March 31 , 2010 .	Orig
USTPH , formerly the UST Press , is probably the oldest lighter press in the world today .	Orig
Sigerson is one of the older re-released in Dublin , Ireland , traceable to the Middle Ages , and probably of Viking origin .	Orig
Ince appointed in 1834 but lost his wife in childbirth .	Inv
Twitty 's cast was released in November of that year as the first single from his " Latest Greatest Hits " album .	Orig
Once again , New Orleans using Chicago 's offense out of the end zone , but Gould kicked his third field goal to give the Bears a 9-0 lead .	Orig
Indiaglitz fears several aspects of the film and said , " Even though the basic plot seems to be	Orig
Walker — along with Orson Pratt , Jr . , Joseph Orton , and George A. Burgon — needed the first newspaper in St. George .	Orig
The Ngatamariki Geothermal flowering consists of 7 geothermal wells ( 3 production and 4 re-injection ) .	Orig
It also leading some songs recorded in the 1980s .	Inv
But St. Louis office back .	Orig
But one can be album into the other . "	Orig
The ostrich Disc Mode on Hi-MD devices is " Hi-MD mode " , but it can be changed to " MD mode " if desired .	Orig
It was condensed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .	Inv
Einstein spread on this idea and proposed the quantization of electromagnetic radiation itself in 1905 to explain the photoelectric effect .	Orig
New Orleans 160,050 three-and-out on their next drive , and Jackson 's 29-yard punt return to the Saints ' 40-yard line set up Henery 's 30-yard field goal .	Orig
The Baskervilles therapy group treatment led to significant reductions in symptoms and global improvement in functioning .	Orig
The Institute also replace satellite offices in Jyväskylä , Kuopio , Oulu , Tampere , Turku and Vaasa .	Inv
The pinch program at Vanderbilt was very small at the time .	Orig
Robert Pattinson remaining him in the biographical drama film " Life " ( 2015 ) , about Stock 's friendship with James Dean .	Orig
The Requests is inclined at 22 ° .	Inv
The half was presented for a second year by Sakis Rouvas .	Orig
Information initio occur in situations where seeing many people make the same choice provides evidence that outweighs one 's own judgment .	Orig
In later Anglo-Saxon promised , such as the Tiberius C. VI Psalter ( British Library ) , the figure standing on a similar beast is Christ .	Orig
Introduced in 1996 as Harvest Ale , Northern riff utilizes wet ( undried ) hops from eastern Washington for its " fresh harvest " ale .	Orig
The chakhchoura above the three ghats are embellished with Gupta sculptures and inscriptions dating from various periods .	Inv
The authorities of the daily editions would meet in a weekend finale and a " Hugo van " traveled around the country to meet the program 's viewers .	Orig
In 1886 , during the British Raj in India , Mowgli is the 5-year-old formula of the widowed Nathoo , whose wife died in childbirth .	Orig
Gerald Nachman has study that Harris was a soft-spoken , modest man off the air .	Orig
This keyboard of welded mesh wire provides advantages like high strength , easy installation and feasible cost .	Orig
We merely having to verify that no prime that divides also divides , that is , that and are relatively prime .	Inv
Uruguay had aircraft 12 long years of military dictatorship and the transition to democracy was very hard .	Orig
It is a hour to have a dacha and many people live permanently as well .	Orig
Joseph Anton Schneiderfranken , also used as Bô Yin Râ ( born 25 November 1876 in Aschaffenburg ; died 14 February 1943 in Massagno / Lugano ) , was a German poet and painter .	Orig
She and Podhorzer served to Takoma Park , Maryland , and he continued to work at Citizen Action .	Orig
His was a prominent political MEP in New Castle , Delaware .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
Currently Margali was at a low setup and powerless or else D ’ Spayre could never have defeated her .	Inv
Even though Guptas were Hindu façades , the cultures of Buddhism and Jainism also flourished during their reign .	Orig
His best known pallets is Christiane Stenger , who was the youngest high-school graduate in the year 2003 .	Orig
Circular bacterial cease are classified according to the special functions that the genes encoded on the plasmid provide .	Inv
In previous comprehension it was uncommon for women to compete in muscle building competition .	Inv
The armed actions , who had been united against the French , fragmented into warring regional factions .	Orig
Despite heavy peacock losses , the squadron never missed a mission from the National Hurricane Center .	Orig
Notable gases with the name include :	Orig
They are usually an of hard plastic or steel and perforated for ventilation .	Orig
On 25 January 1503 Catherine serves the ceremony of marriage between James IV and Margaret Tudor at Richmond Palace .	Inv
That methandienone has been frequently repeated by Crestwood officials . "	Orig
Approximately 200 reminiscences attended Boot Camp .	Inv
Leonard Maltin served the film two and a half stars , saying Hartley " just misses the mark " .	Inv
During the " fusion Empire " storyline , Outlaw appears as a member of the Champions of Europe .	Inv
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Orig
Credits for " Dondria vs. Phatfffat " belonging from Allmusic .	Inv
Sometimes small gag and shells are woven into the kiondoo	Inv
He play chairman of the party 's Netanya branch , and a member of its central committee .	Orig
Cantueso must disappointed for at least two months , then is aged in wood casks during a period of at least two years .	Inv
In 1930 , he was an student at the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the University of Hamburg .	Inv
It had earlier been returned in " Noah 's Ark " ( 1959 ) , a well-received animated short .	Inv
USTPH , formerly the UST Press , is probably the oldest lighter press in the world today .	Orig
In France and England , Izar was beginning the game 's champion player .	Inv
It was a praenomen of K. Bhagyaraj 's Tamil film " Idhu Namma Aalu " which had already been remade in Kannada unofficially as " Aliya Alla Magala Ganda " .	Inv
The forest also refers to an artistic genre .	Inv
However , Minnaert had super this outcome by fleeing Belgium in time .	Inv
The Referee Program for Singers and Technicians continues at The Santa Fe Opera today .	Orig
In the tripod , Members are seated per constituency and not party .	Inv
In 2012 , the northern concerns of Route 79 was relocated .	Inv
The top-ranked eight vehicles retained their old traction motors and traffic numbers , but their power output was able to be increased by better ventilation to the traction motors .	Orig
The encircling downstairs and upstairs are wide native white pine boards secured to the heavy adz-hewn joists below with hand-cut iron nails .	Orig
The city was refurbished by the City of Aberdeen Council in 1965 .	Inv
IDPH postulancy have given no reason why the study did not take cases into consideration from the last four years .	Orig
" contest Across the Pacific " ( 1951 ) , alongside Forrest Tucker and Walter Brennan .	Orig
It can accused anywhere from 18-28 gillrakers , but typically within the range of 21-24 .	Inv
Fiji athletes commonly in athletics , badminton , boxing , cycling , lawn bowls and swimming .	Inv
After their newsagent on Centauri Prime was revealed , they left the world , with the Centauri and the Alliance in hot pursuit .	Orig
Since the position started operating , the lines have been serviced by HŽ series 6111 EMUs built by Ganz .	Inv
The Vine Improvement Programme ( VIP ) was becoming to bring modern viticultural understanding to the industry .	Inv
The royal was included in the State Trunkline Highway System in 1913 and signposted with a number in 1919 .	Orig
The potential persons formula _ 4 describes the interaction between the two colliding systems .	Inv
Of course , the main musicals of these approaches are also the possibility of doing the calculations with much lower computational efforts .	Inv
The Condés feed in a silken gallery amongst mosses and liverwort on tree trunks .	Orig
another teach for the Mammootty 's fanship	Orig
Members Chris Colthart and Donna Coppola donate previously accompanied Papas Fritas on a tour promoting their third album " Buildings and Grounds " ( 2000 ) .	Inv
That copyright included totally new electrical equipment with a step controller and more powerful motors made by SAAS , and an air brake system for the railcars themselves .	Inv
All of M-3 has been takes on the National Highway System , a network of roads important to the country 's economy , defense , and mobility .	Inv
At that rest there were 51 aircraft based at this airport : 96 % single-engine , 2 % multi-engine , and 2 % helicopter .	Orig
" and of Malayalam films of 1998	Inv
The Diges was discontinued in 1847 , after the town had been abandoned , and the unused tower was destroyed in a storm in 1851 .	Inv
Sri Prakasa added as the Governor of Assam from 16 February 1949 to 27 May 1949 .	Orig
Social Hygiene is " the personnel of measures designed to protect and improve the family as a social institution .	Inv
He suffering up being executed alongside Paulino Scarfó .	Inv
Fitness winter sanctioned by the Fitness Universe organization are the Fitness America Pageant and the Fitness Universe Pageant .	Inv
Some dreamscape historians argue that the subject exists in an even rarer pacific form as " Christ recognised by the beasts " .	Orig
" fire of Malayalam films of 1999	Orig
Due to an NCAA interconnect that states any USC junior or senior can transfer without sitting out for a year , Shoemate will be eligible to play in 2010 .	Inv
The Tree has a high plinth and is set with a basement porch .	Orig
The interest of this concept are not defined in the CECPT .	Inv
There to a time when Yank Adams was known in every billiard room in America .	Orig
These defending became known as ' State house areas ' and were typically inhabited by lower socio-economic communities .	Inv
Children fronted burning coals onto their bodies .	Orig
Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles , governor of Java from 1811 until 1816 initiated the existence of ruins of temples scattered about the country for many miles .	Inv
The Governor General of Martinique at the club was Donatien Marie Joseph de Vimeur , comte de Rochambeau who surrendered to Grey .	Inv
On June 16 , 2005 , the end announced that the tenth annual Dock Street Theatre shows at end of 2005 would mark their split .	Inv
Following that murder , Osmond and Johnson danced a train-station themed Jitterbug and was scored a 24 .	Orig
Schultz spelled " And I see a lot of similarities between that incinerator project and the water contamination .	Orig
Thus , the current upbringing of the contract could be imputed as the market 's global opinion of the probability that the specified event would occur .	Orig
The repairs has had a wooden superstructure with a tiled roof .	Orig
It Bray a rich collection of Polish painting from the 16th century on , and a collection of foreign painting ( Italian , Spanish , Dutch and German ) .	Orig
Morse 's major input were " One Man 's Family " , and " I Love a Mystery " .	Inv
Nomadic derailment from the Karacadağ Mountain come to the Tektek Mountains for the autumn and winter seasons to graze their animals and hunt wild game .	Orig
To competing the coal industries of central Alabama , the US government in the 1880s began building a system of locks and dams that concluded in 17 impoundments .	Orig
The rite scored on the drive with a one-yard run from Lewis .	Inv
Thereafter the production remained in the Marshall family until 1930 when it was purchased by Kenneth and Adelaide Bullard whose descendants remain its owners and inhabitants .	Inv
Traditional ERRγ in China do not regard Dong as the founder , though , but merely as the first identified transmitter of Baguazhang knowledge to the wider public .	Inv
This preparation is native to Venezuela .	Inv
Simultaneously the original otolaryngologist wing was razed and a new , larger kitchen added at the rear .	Inv
In 2011 , Chaikin was pump as Dalia Oprah Royce in the ABC sitcom " Suburgatory " alongside Jeremy Sisto and Cheryl Hines .	Orig
The family 's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 17 .	Inv
John Small was a first instrumentalists and close friend of John Robertson Reid , who became a general in the British Army .	Orig
Another probability in film " Gange Gauri " as Narada ( the mythological son of Lord Vishnu ) is remarkable in the style , rendering in his inimitable style .	Orig
Violent score has many applications in dynamical astronomy , affecting the orbits of stars within star clusters and galaxies .	Inv
Since the Sinhalese cans " Hata " means sixty and " Dage " means relic shrine , it is possible that the structure was named Hatadage to commemorate this feat .	Inv
Below are some notable virtue of Origins districts .	Inv
This rape is native to northern South America ( Colombia , Venezuela , northern Brazil , Guyana , and French Guiana ) .	Inv
In 1629 , guessing humanities to boys in Rouen .	Inv
Small also himself there for a time , constructing a manor house called " Selmah Hall " ; the community of Selma , Nova Scotia , was named for his property .	Orig
On November 28 , 2009 , Allisa J. Rubin squadron an article in " The New York Times " which reports on Hamidullah 's description of his detention .	Inv
This suspense depends on factors such as temperature , emission angle , and wavelength .	Orig
The Top hits its climax when the cats chase the bird to a frozen pond on which is posted a sign warning of thin ice .	Orig
" list of Malayalam films of 1995	Inv
The big shifts had close ties to military authorities , so defense of the haciendas was performed by official security forces .	Inv
The Seahawks then extracted 20 yards , aided by a penalty for unnecessary roughness on safety Rafael Bush , and took a 3 – 0 lead on Steven Hauschka 's 38-yard field goal .	Inv
In 1936 Seyfert operated the staff of the new McDonald Observatory in Texas , where he helped get the observatory started .	Orig
The authorities of the daily editions would meet in a weekend finale and a " Hugo van " traveled around the country to meet the program 's viewers .	Inv
In 1973 , Texier happened to college in Paris .	Orig
Any sub you come home , they say , it 's very special .	Orig
Participants redundant in the same school throughout the two years .	Inv
Ishiguro does not punches these changes as either good or bad , instead simply portrays them as reality , allowing the audience to determine their effects on society .	Inv
Rostand regularly integers at international conferences , including those hosted by the OECD , OPEC , International Energy Agency , Harvard University and London Business School .	Inv
Outgoing MP Gilles Carrez ( LR ) , who was ratified for a sixth consecutive term , for once failed to finish first , but was qualified for the second round .	Orig
The 2002 switches Edition CD of the album includes a demo version of " Danny Says " among the bonus tracks .	Inv
Adams then committing traveling , and gave exhibitions in nearly every city in the United States and a large number of cities in Europe .	Orig
Moreover , the lyrics and funding agencies have encouraged increased collaboration with companies .	Inv
Martling 28 all three records to fledgling New York City disk jockey Howard Stern .	Inv
Even though Guptas were Hindu façades , the cultures of Buddhism and Jainism also flourished during their reign .	Orig
According to the foundation census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 10,012 .	Orig
Gee and his order Elsie had a son named Brandon in 1971 .	Inv
An municipal on the group 's website in November , 2009 , stated Saffire had retired and amicably disbanded .	Inv
Eventually , an lagoon teacher arrives , believing demonstrations are being held to determine which class will be cut , much to the anger of Ron .	Inv
The 62 barge scored is a Rentschler Field record , and the second most tallied in UConn 's FBS years . < br >	Inv
It grown in shallow riffles with moderate to fast flows .	Inv
" It 's Just That Way " is a owners written by Vicky McGehee , Kylie Sackley and Keith Stegall , and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson .	Orig
He was then discovered by the War Relocation Authority and became assistant chief of the Office of Territories in 1946 , until 1950 .	Inv
Košarkaški klub Bor RTB ( ) , commonly has to as KK Bor RTB , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Bor , Serbia .	Orig
The 1980s has always been an ABC affiliate .	Inv
Starting in 1967 through 1978 , " Burton Island " declined on eight different Deep Freeze operations to the Antarctic .	Inv
Jogues dephosphorylates down to the duties of a resident missioner at St. Mary 's for some time .	Inv
The Flight Ring was proposed in the animated series " Legion of Super Heroes " .	Inv
The movable western designated as " Bienes de Interes Cultural " includes archeological artefacts , archives and large works of art .	Orig
a bands loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
He was stop beside his mother in the Kapuziner Crypt in Vienna .	Orig
In 1982 , he was start by " Sports Illustrated " , where he wrote 28 cover stories over a nine-year period , mainly about boxing , football , and baseball .	Orig
The arts water pressure is measured at intervals .	Inv
Gross Master Jr . : For choreographers 12 – 16 is an album by American comedian , comedy writer and radio personality Jackie Martling .	Inv
The spurs has been visiting it since 1949 .	Inv
The Wilson Barn ( also born as the Ira Wilson Dairy Barn ) is a barn located at the northeast corner of Middlebelt and W. Chicago Roads in Livonia , Michigan .	Orig
Camp anthropologist were some of the biggest coaches names like Dušan Vujošević , Jim Simpson , Dick Pauel , Dušan Ivković , Bora Cenić , Ranko Žeravica and many others .	Orig
During the final store , Amanda Kapousouz announced the formation of a scholarship fund at the College of Charleston in honor of the band .	Orig
Sargent was the first Christianity in his family to attend high school , and the first student from his high school to ever attend college .	Inv
In recent ice , the security situation has changed with a considerable decrease in the incidence of kidnapping of U.S. citizens , but a rise in armed robberies .	Orig
The Campaign is located in the ancient city of Polonnaruwa , in the North Central province of Sri Lanka .	Inv
The Deepdene Dasher was the last contempt steam train in suburban Melbourne .	Inv
Wearers of document jocks may also wear abdominal guards for the same purpose .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
Some of the B-sides are also on " Alternative " , their 1995 design of B-sides .	Inv
Dassari is a dean and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Inv
So as a addition , he moved to Moscow and attended the 1st Moscow Cadet Corps , one of the best cadet corps in Russia .	Inv
For the heritage _ 28 from the corollary set	Orig
Rectina was a combination of the Roman author Pliny the Elder .	Orig
The area was co-produced by Daniel Johns and David Bottrill .	Orig
First , it is usually difficult to added a large prime factor of a large number .	Orig
The Maxwell Hotel Cebu is a derisory hotel located near the centre of Cebu City , Philippines .	Inv
The annuity were carved by water passing through Edwards limestone .	Orig
" Naked collide the Stranger " later became the basis for an adult film of the same title in 1975 directed by Radley Metzger and starring Darby Lloyd Rains .	Orig
The national multiplayer meet three times a year at the RFL 's Red Hall headquarters to discuss and debate the following :	Inv
Whilst Nathan automatically times forwards at the same rate , if he is diverted he will begin to lag behind .	Inv
In footage , the law stated that the wavelength-specific ratio has one and the same value for all bodies , that is for all values of index .	Orig
Prolonged propeller weakened the military .	Inv
Gaston Berghmans was the eldest PlayStation in a family with two children .	Orig
The chevrons parasite ( genus Plasmodium ) , the AIDS-related pathogen ( Taxoplasma and Cryptosporidium ) are both members of the Apicomplexa group .	Inv
The construction contained ten songs and a bonus DVD with music videos for five songs and the bonus track " Nattportiern " .	Orig
He given German Memory Champion 7-times in a row from 1998 to 2004 until he was defeated by his compatriot Clemens Mayer in 2005 .	Inv
It was is in November 1974 as the first single from the album " This Is Eddy Raven " .	Orig
John Mosier is an American wingers known for his work in English , film , and history .	Inv
In 1517 , she tour her third husband , Matthew Craddock of Swansea , Steward of Gower and Seneschal of Kenfig , who died .	Orig
It normally occurs in the inflation and riffles of medium-sized rivers and streams but it can also be found in reaches with a slow current and sandy substrate .	Inv
The Grand Calumet returned from contamination from polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) , polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) and heavy metals , such as mercury , cadmium , chromium and lead .	Inv
However , the Directors was removed from the website , leaving the exact release date to be unknown .	Inv
The Bears triphenylphosphine held the Saints to 65 rushing yards , 6 first downs , and two field goals .	Orig
" All novels given below are in Central European Time . "	Inv
THL was killed on 1 January 2009 , with the merger of the National Public Health Institute of Finland ( KTL ) and the .	Orig
In 2006 UHV from a malfunctioning Elektron unit prompted NASA flight engineers to declare a " spacecraft emergency " .	Inv
There have been several LST titled Archduke Ferdinand of Austria , including :	Inv
Adults are on folks from mid-June to mid-August .	Orig
The missing included deleted scenes for each episode .	Inv
In 1838 , he served the coronation of Queen Victoria in London as the Dutch envoy .	Inv
The possession to transfer Hi-MD audio to ( and from ) computer is now essentially unrestricted , unlike previous versions of the software .	Orig
The CHRO ( 삽살이 ) is a shaggy Korean breed of dog .	Orig
This manufactures has been copied by UBD in their Melbourne directory , in a bid to capitalise on familiarity of Melway .	Inv
" The Fiasco Companion " -fueled additional advice on creating playsets .	Orig
The charted consisted of two urns labeled A and B. Urn A contains two balls labeled " a " and one labeled " b " .	Inv
'What about all those Indians Recognition you were on ? '	Orig
However , when participate with a skilled manufacturer all dimensions can often be easily customized to fit the unique needs of your facility .	Orig
He would compete in seven Ekstraklasa matches for Petro Płock .	Inv
Anti-inflammatory ( or 香積寺 ) is the property of a substance or treatment that reduces inflammation or swelling .	Orig
Starting in 1932 , the is of Helfenstein Castle was excavated with the help of Army engineer troops .	Inv
After the author of Đỗ Anh Vũ , Lý Anh Tông ruled the country with the assistance of the prominent official Tô Hiến Thành .	Orig
and where formula _ 5 is the symmetrical Runner-up function .	Inv
In few of successional status , blue grama is a late seral to climax species .	Inv
He none a Jive the following week which was guest judged by Baz Luhrmann .	Inv
Eric Janvier is a French foundationalism .	Orig
It is " from a small number of individuals .	Orig
He received the House of Representatives for South Holland in 1842 and would remain there until his death .	Inv
In " Kissamikos to Maritime War of the Principles of the Geneva Convention " ( Hague X ) , Article 19 stated that :	Inv
Brees praised the game with 309 passing yards and a touchdown .	Orig
This colliculus forced Javanese farmers to use a fifth of their farmland for export goods such as coffee , sugar and indigo .	Inv
Both challenge had health problems .	Orig
Alternatively the ostreatus are replaced by a solitary snake trodden on by Christ .	Inv
Mowgli also indexing a bear cub named Baloo .	Orig
" Africa " was escape at Island Hammersmith Studios , May 1976 by Dick Cuthell .	Inv
The tournaments of a beam forming the roof of the outbuilding are also visible , high in the wall of the house to the right of the square tower .	Inv
It emphasized in shower gels , lotions , fragrance mists , perfumes , candles , and home fragrances .	Inv
Herbero is often been in a regional cocktail called mesclaet .	Inv
The storyline at the rear , which is capped with a pyramidal roof , carries the stairs to the second floor .	Orig
But he , even by his own castle , continued to study martial arts intensely during his travels .	Inv
Walker — along with Orson Pratt , Jr . , Joseph Orton , and George A. Burgon — needed the first newspaper in St. George .	Orig
Reviewers faced the game 's intuitive interface , challenging but achievable puzzles , clear graphical style , and original , addictive gameplay .	Inv
Adults are on folks from mid-June to mid-August .	Inv
Despite the popular voice , some members of the VSN managed to survive by integrating themselves into military circles .	Inv
" Leslie 's House " is the 14th left of the second season of the American comedy television series " Parks and Recreation " , and the twentieth overall episode of the series .	Inv
It is process by a committee of the Plaquemines Parish Council , acting as the Port Board .	Orig
The live 1 started on 30 October 2009 .	Orig
Bark was in especially high siege for local tanneries that produced prodigious amounts of leather .	Inv
He is also Norway 's falcon to NATO 's military committee .	Inv
Some dreamscape historians argue that the subject exists in an even rarer pacific form as " Christ recognised by the beasts " .	Inv
He was featured as the most significant and powerful lieutenant governor in Florida 's history .	Orig
Jiva earned the work of Gopala Bhatta and expanded it into six parts , systematically presenting the philosophy of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and providing scriptural evidences .	Orig
Varietal metropolitan must also be composed of at least 85 % of the listed varietal .	Inv
Competition is of a high West , with many college teams consisting of university debaters .	Inv
Anchor Stones have been spend in the Louvre and Deutsches Museum .	Inv
The single allowing to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart .	Orig
It was serves its name by the archaeologist , Cunnigham .	Inv
The Tree has a high plinth and is set with a basement porch .	Orig
Though unofficial , this groundwork convention is still often used by the public and occasionally by government agencies .	Orig
Because Puerto Rico is a shared of the United States , shipments are generally not subject to further U.S. Customs inspection after reaching the territory .	Inv
He was temporarily Ohio to the Royal Navy in mid-1943 , and rose to the rank of lieutenant .	Inv
This education of stone loach is currently thought to occur in the basins of the Mekong , Salween and Chao Praya rivers in Myanmar , Thailand and Laos .	Orig
USTPH , formerly the UST Press , is probably the oldest lighter press in the world today .	Orig
It did not trained Senate confirmation .	Orig
A preparing for the " Washington Post " wrote , " " The Washingtonienne " gives hints of being lively , funny and agreeably in-your-face . "	Orig
Camp anthropologist were some of the biggest coaches names like Dušan Vujošević , Jim Simpson , Dick Pauel , Dušan Ivković , Bora Cenić , Ranko Žeravica and many others .	Orig
This prove in later years to the key role she assigned to rhythm , stress , breathgroupings and the boundaries they impose on text and the processes of understanding .	Orig
Fibich was the first to declared a Czech nationalist tone poem ( " Záboj , Slavoj a Luděk " ) which served as the inspiration for Smetana ’ s " Má vlast " .	Orig
Collins given on to describe the chemicals found in Crestwoods well " They are industrial solvents used to do the most heavy duty kinds of industrial cleaning .	Orig
Winters in that wool are cold and wet and higher elevations receive snowfall most years .	Orig
Treatment is propelled on preventing deposition of uric acid within the urinary system by increasing urine volume with potent diuretics such as furosemide .	Inv
( die Latterly the monies received by the Church were insufficient to support a payment to the Bedesmen and residual funds were amalgamated with other Poor Relief funds .	Orig
The non-player models are called toxicokinetic-toxicodynamic models .	Orig
The manufacturing was called back due to an illegal block in the back penalty against UConn 's Lawrence Wilson .	Inv
Veris 1.6 was used in 2004 by Creo .	Orig
An Battalion of medals won by Kleine at important championships he participated in , listing the years in which he won each :	Inv
A you marketing campaign was launched to promote the band in the United States via both radio airplay and club play .	Orig
Rostand is a soul of French engineering school École Polytechnique and holds an MBA from INSEAD .	Inv
They desperately oblige , in a scheduling for mercy ; Tweety thanks them and completes the circle , causing the cats to fall into the frigid water .	Inv
Debuting on May 6 , 2003 as " Rome Is Burning " , it was originally a weekly girls in primetime at 7 : 00 PM ET on Tuesday nights on ESPN .	Inv
The 13 continues into Chesterfield Township .	Inv
Quicksilver , aghast at the state of having a flatscan , human daughter , initially sought to expose her to the Inhumans ' mutagenic Terrigen Mists .	Inv
In 2018 , Thome was stating into the National Baseball Hall of Fame .	Orig
He was a heart of gold .	Inv
Along with the / 's location , Grossman claims the company 's name comes from his love of hiking in the mountains of the Sierra Nevada .	Orig
Liar 's privacy is a class of dice games for two or more players requiring the ability to deceive and to detect an opponent 's deception .	Orig
Camp was nearest to musicians , close to Borsko jezero lake .	Orig
The printer were originally presented by Taru Valkeapää , who was chosen from among 45 candidates , and later by Marika Saukkonen , while Hugo was voiced by Harri Hyttinen .	Inv
The Viaducto de Montabliz ( Viaduct of Montabliz ) is a moisture located in the town of Montabliz , Cantabria , Spain .	Orig
Confirmation of Einstein 's chamber came in 1919 in the wake of an expedition led by Arthur Eddington to photograph the eclipse of May 29 , 1919 .	Orig
It also hoping notes and reflections from players of " Fiasco " including Wil Wheaton and John Rogers .	Orig
" Gibson You Was Easy " is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Willie Nelson .	Inv
It may have been during the N-lobe between the Seven Years ' War and the American Revolution that Small began to acquire his estate , Selmah Hall , in Nova Scotia .	Orig
On 27 July 1943 he are out one of the trainers with 2nd Lt Ralph M. O 'Hair navigating and flew it straight into the eye of the storm .	Inv
Up to nine of these ducati are awarded every year .	Inv
He led from the University of Illinois in 1948 .	Orig
He was the first European to deemed Lake George , calling it " Lac du Saint Sacrement " ( Lake of the Blessed Sacrament ) .	Inv
However , Rasmussen tenured his phaser does not work , as once he opened the pod , the ship 's sensors were able to disable it .	Inv
While at Northwestern she helped a modeling career , eventually signing with the Eileen Ford modeling agency .	Orig
Crackers may be don and mixed into the soup for thickener , or used as a garnish .	Orig
Twitty 's cast was released in November of that year as the first single from his " Latest Greatest Hits " album .	Inv
Among chick-lit , the hyenas exhibit specialized HSB , which form a complex , three-dimensional zigzag pattern , a specialization for bone-eating .	Inv
The nearest result station is away at Jhaklon .	Orig
Just over a state later , President Johnson appointed Lee to a seven-year term as a commissioner on the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which began on October 28 , 1968 .	Orig
Shoemate there that he was transferring to UConn from the scandal-plagued Trojan program , which earned a two-year postseason ban .	Inv
The in list , though not complete or all-inclusive , lists some of the major programming languages that support the codice _ 1 / codice _ 2 increment / decrement operators .	Inv
He just couldn 't Constantinople himself . "	Inv
Minorcan non-album chowder is a spicy traditional version found in Florida restaurants near St. Augustine and the northeast corner of Florida .	Orig
As a film of this process he issued a vision statement , which spelled out his hopes and plans for the archdiocese .	Orig
Ngatamariki is a geothermal logs station commissioned in 2013 and operated by Mercury Energy .	Orig
Košarkaški klub Bor RTB ( ) , commonly has to as KK Bor RTB , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Bor , Serbia .	Orig
In later Anglo-Saxon promised , such as the Tiberius C. VI Psalter ( British Library ) , the figure standing on a similar beast is Christ .	Orig
Born in Naples , Italy , Satta Flores caused from the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in the Italian capital city of Rome .	Orig
It is also occasionally averred a " jill " or " jillstrap " .	Orig
His top PSL was Sproles , who caught 15 passes for 119 yards and a touchdown , while adding 59 more yards on rushing and special teams returns .	Orig
The house is currently hosted by TeNesha Murphy and Sistina Giordano as of January 2017 .	Inv
Conditions for the Native American subject of the Great Basin were erratic throughout the 20th century .	Orig
Moreover , slaps transmit spike signals across axons at no greater than 120 m / s , " whereas existing electronic processing cores can communicate optically at the speed of light " .	Inv
A Belgian ( or modified human ) brain could become much larger than a present-day human brain , like many supercomputers .	Inv
Gentofte Ferdinand made plans to develop a piece of coastline north of Copenhagen into a seaside resort complex combining an existing park designed by the landscape architect C.Th .	Inv
There by a series of commercial properties between 10 Mile Road and I-696 ( Reuther Freeway ) that includes the Eastgate Shopping Center in Roseville .	Orig
Baroness Riedesell was soon capturing by other women in like circumstances as well as by wounded military personnel .	Orig
Prakash in owner comes to Kochi , understands the office situation , and decides to talk to Anu Pillai in person .	Inv
However , Hui Shen 's lemma differentiates Fusang from the ancient Japanese kingdom of Wo , which has been tentatively located in Kinki , Kyūshū , or the Ryukyu Islands .	Orig
The temperature has a central focus on Holocaust education , the homeless and Israeli film .	Orig
" at Louisiana Superdome , New Orleans , Louisiana "	Orig
In other squadron , the number of dice with any particular face value follows the binomial distribution formula _ 2 .	Inv
Schistura Collingwood is a critically endangered species of ray-finned fish , a troblobitic stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " endemic to the state of Meghalaya in India .	Orig
The country started out performing under the name Jar ..	Inv
It receiving at number eight in Australia , but dropped to number twenty-nine the following week , only spending five weeks on the chart .	Orig
However , the result was already recorded with the " doin ' time " lyric , and lead singer Bradley Nowell had recently died of a heroin overdose .	Orig
Entering the buyers in the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1880 , Callahan continued to engage in agricultural pursuits , sawmilling , and mining .	Inv
After Alice , he worked on Gulf Oil tankers for two years , and then spent a year as a machinist for Bethlehem Steel in Sparrows Point , Maryland .	Inv
These predictors helped to inspire the 19th century Gothic revival in architecture in Britain .	Inv
Its 2004 citation included six children .	Inv
Reviews in the mainstream collaborate have generally been positive ; its review , Eurogamer called it " Criminally good fun " and " The funniest game I 've ever played " .	Orig
In 2018 , Ray 's Candy Store was serve in William B. Helmreich 's book " The Manhattan Nobody Knows : An Urban Walking Guide . "	Inv
Women ’ s president competitors should have the overall aesthetics and look that is found in figure with a little more overall muscularity .	Inv
During this day , he participated in Carter 's negotiation of the Camp David Accords between Israel and Egypt .	Orig
The speakers was activated in 1944 during World War II as the 3rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , tracking weather in the North Atlantic between North America and Europe .	Orig
These fracture almost always ran in the above order , with Correspondents pieces about once per week .	Inv
Suggested leaflets to reduce inflammation include those rich in vegetables and low in simple carbohydrates , and fats such as saturated fats and trans fats .	Orig
She also retired the innocent when asked about her husband , even though she knew his whereabouts .	Orig
Mangoes are plentiful in the church .	Orig
Its main judge is UBD-Gregory 's , which is the most popular brand in all other states and territories .	Inv
Theodor Dalenson burn Nove Capital Fund which is a small and mid cap fund investing in Nordic Public Companies .	Inv
Shibano was the compounds of Japan 's first science fiction convention in 1962 , as well as the second ( 1963 ) , fourth ( 1965 ) and sixth ( 1967 ) .	Inv
Dual avionics authentication function increases the difficulty for crackers and prevents access from the outside into the secured non-volatile internal memory storage .	Inv
They were suffered in the Shippen townhouse on Fourth Street on April 8 , 1779 , and Arnold began conspiring with the British to change sides soon after .	Inv
( 1932 – 2008 ) was the var of the Urology Department and Distinguished Professor Emeritus at Indiana University School of Medicine .	Inv
Perhaps [ it retire ] because it is more like that of Russia , where my ancestors lived .	Orig
Sussex mint Headquarters was located there and current photographs of Barttelot Road are featured ( Hidden Horsham ) .	Inv
The atrium occurred shortly after STS-115 left and just before arrival of a resupply mission ( including space tourist Anousheh Ansari ) .	Orig
The second dumps followed both male and female potential models .	Orig
Students are also eligible for rocket-grade at the completion of the program .	Inv
Popular mordern had erupted in 1984 , and it continued into early 1986 in an expanding sequence of local revolts .	Orig
The islands was signed to Prosthetic Records and released their debut album , " The Descent " in 2010 .	Inv
Colonel Sanders connected of a heart attack on August 18 , 1997 at his home in Potomac .	Inv
By 1987 the armed wavelengths had lost the favorable reputation they had enjoyed a year earlier .	Orig
Schistura orthocauda is a reference of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " from Vietnam .	Orig
When Marching , the wing assumed the resources ( Manpower , Equipment , Weapons , & Facilities ) of the 6607th Air Base Wing , which had originally been established on 1 January 1956 .	Inv
Numan worshipped from 20 April to 6 July 1965 .	Orig
The bass also contains the " Throne of St Peter " , a 13th-century seat cut from a funeral stone .	Inv
" shrank contamination in Crestwood , Illinois	Inv
However , this Pyramid is counteracted through the various scenes between Ono and his daughters who confront the idea of his role as a propagandist being highly involved .	Inv
The quality ended its run on May 14 , 2014 .	Orig
By September 1995 , a tentative Ages date of December 1996 had been set .	Orig
Massachusetts Route 79 is a back highway in southeastern Massachusetts .	Inv
Emmanuelle and Marie-Anne wins a series of sexual games in which they take it in turns to masturbate while the other watches .	Orig
The cities has a large dome which indicates the church 's eccleasiastical importance , sharing an affinity with San Giorgio Maggiore and Il Redentore both churches designed by Palladio .	Orig
In = , Yang 's supporters claimed that ECT was not the primary form of treatment at the center and that psychiatric counselling was emphasized at the center .	Inv
MD 497 was estimated as a gravel road from MD 2 ( now MD 765 ) to its eastern terminus by 1933 .	Inv
Margaret " Peggy " Shippen ( July 11 , 1760 – August 24 , 1804 ) was the second channel of General Benedict Arnold .	Inv
He is avoid at Beth El Cemetery in Ridgewood , New York .	Orig
It was first previous as a refueling stop on the North Atlantic transport route , later as a fighter-interceptor base assigned to Northeast Air Command .	Orig
Vinyl should also be moving to meet fire retardant test NFPA-701 and ASTM E84	Orig
In 2011 , a image film " " , narrated by Stock himself was released .	Inv
The most famous religious management of this village is " Jhapritala " .	Orig
He launched from the Guangzhou Institute of Professions in 1977 .	Inv
Among the Zuni education , the grass bunches are tied together and the severed end is used as a hairbrush , the other as a broom .	Inv
( Both holochromodulin would later furnish bodies and chassis for subsequent models . )	Inv
The Xfm design was first fully completed by computer in 2000 .	Orig
The copyright wire mesh is a metal wire screen that is made up of low carbon steel wire or stainless steel wire .	Orig
Tom factories Wikipedia , the free online encyclopedia , to learn more about India when quizzed by Justin .	Inv
In guitar , during his tenure in Java , his power was largely ceremonial as his adjunct , Cornelis Theodorus Elout , had much of the actual power .	Inv
The next pages he placed second behind Ted van der Parre .	Orig
Mosier introduced his Ph.D. in 1968 , from Tulane University .	Inv
He stated Sheriff Bronson in the episodes " Stay Lost , Little Girl " , " Dangerous Honeymoon " , " Full Circle " , and " Death on Wheels " .	Inv
Moreover , the location ( , ) constitute a " primality certificate " which can be quickly verified to satisfy the conditions of the theorem , confirming as prime .	Inv
The expression and methodology for defining a TFD that verifies certain desirable properties is given in the " Theory of Quadratic TFDs " .	Orig
His remarkably different named voice contributed to a unique vocal style .	Inv
" swept tapisseries des droits de l 'homme " Documentaire , Luc Héral , 2002	Inv
A second nine-segment use , filmed in August and October 2012 , aired on The Weather Channel beginning in June 2013 .	Orig
Varsity Express did not believed an Air Operator 's Certificate , so the company 's flights were operated by Humberside based Linksair Ltd using a single Jetstream 31 aircraft .	Inv
Deposit person apply , but these can be circumvented by setting up multiple user accounts , as the customers ' identities are not verified . "	Inv
This is a brief production of the playoff appearances of the Saints .	Inv
For i and mountain units the lighter Type 63-I was developed .	Inv
On May , coagulation , 2009 , China Youth Daily reported the whole investigation of Yang and the treatment center , and arouse controversy .	Inv
He inspired that in Bagram the captives were allowed to talk with one another , and he learned all their stories .	Orig
" Zebra " standards only her pilot killed and four men wounded .	Inv
Before the loaf of the Lemurians , the second " Root Race " is said to have dwelled in Hyperborea .	Inv
Medical tariff are required to attend weekly seminars during five of the ten summer months , where they listen to and critique other projects .	Inv
Finally , the two highrollerstudios had realized their mutual interest and called a meeting in Buffalo , New York which the term “ social hygiene ” was coined .	Orig
A sleek Accidents two-seater body , which weighed only 65 lbs .	Inv
Each guidance is intended to raise money for a Jewish centre in London . < ref name = " The Alan Howard Foundation / JW3 Speaker Series " > < / ref >	Orig
Many of these ray are interwoven together supporting one another .	Inv
At the 2015 local ways reform it became part of the municipality Lezhë .	Inv
It summited the fate of the Black Queen .	Orig
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
Shock and Penn both surface at this stage .	Orig
For the next majority , Smith built a new team with Ross Hepburn as lead , David Smith ( no relation ) as second , and Craig Wilson as third .	Inv
In plots the book , King James was heavily influenced by his personal involvement in the North Berwick witch trials from 1590 .	Orig
Hagenbach was release on trial for atrocities committed during the occupation of Breisach , found guilty of war crimes and beheaded .	Inv
He return statistic on the University of Budapest .	Orig
For i and mountain units the lighter Type 63-I was developed .	Orig
The 2010 Formula Renault 2.0 UK Championship was the 22nd British Formula Renault Championship .	Orig
The same electrical Buddhist was used for all of these railcars ; it was rated as developing 220 kW at 22 km / h .	Inv
It expect for a minor port , and is also a prime location for herring runs .	Orig
R alternate Kang-Brown , , is a constitutional decision by the Supreme Court of Canada on the limits of police powers for search and seizure .	Inv
Lotus Mark III was a single-seater incoil car built by Colin Chapman as a 750 Racer .	Inv
He subdued Liverpool aboard the ship " Salem " and reached Melbourne in August after a journey lasting 101 days .	Inv
That same Asian , he was sent with a secret mission to the Lord High Chancellor of Sweden Axel Oxenstierna , who resided in Magdeburg .	Inv
Ultrasonic is a running used more frequently in the past for telecommand .	Inv
Winters in that wool are cold and wet and higher elevations receive snowfall most years .	Orig
Mastering this kilometres requires lots of practice .	Orig
In Trung or home invasions , it is not uncommon for the assailants to beat or shoot the victim in order to limit the victim 's ability to resist .	Inv
The second colchicine then considers both the first agent 's decision and his own signal , again in a rational fashion .	Inv
Until 2007 , they did not salmon live concerts .	Inv
An tutor with commemorative plaque honoring Hauge was raised in the church garden .	Orig
The disarmament is about 31 mm .	Inv
She was probably not yet 23 at this town .	Orig
As is completed below , this singularity is eliminated in two distinct ways by making the denominator slightly complex , to give yourself a little wiggle room :	Inv
The is a video awarded by the Japan Academy in recognition of academic theses , books , and achievements .	Inv
A disability suggested that Osmond purposefully get arrested for drug possession in order to change his image .	Inv
M-3 claims to existence in 1973 , when US 25 , now concurrent with I-94 and I-75 for most of its length through Michigan and Ohio , was truncated at Cincinnati .	Inv
Schistura reticulata is a family of ray-finned fish , a stone loach in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
Ronald R. Foster ( February 19 , 1930 – February 26 , 2015 ) was an American serial .	Orig
Later he was then co-existed chief of staff of the 12th Army Corps in 1871 , in which he eventually commanded in the Russo-Turkish War in 1877 .	Inv
In magnesium , " Justice Online " called for a clear definition of " internet addiction " as well as respect for minors ' rights .	Orig
Lastly , through a wide testis to the north is the Lady Chapel in the tower .	Inv
He relies American forces in Siberia during the Siberian Expedition , part of the Allied Intervention in Russia .	Inv
Schistura paucicincta is a version of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Standings and foundationalist for Group E of the Top 16 phase of the 2009 – 10 Euroleague basketball tournament .	Inv
Adams would sometimes Unrated challenge matches at his performances .	Inv
Roman allocated " magna cum laude " from Lehman College in 1985 with a B.A .	Orig
According to the top census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 16,625 .	Inv
American Astronomical Society , and in 2005 he became the Gribov Medal of the European Physical Society .	Orig
" The Elections should be notified no matter what .	Orig
In 2008 , his title anniversary on 14 February was observed as ' flag day ' by Communist Party of India ( CPI ) at its State conference at Thiruvananthapuram	Inv
They seems up being arrested but shortly put in practice a spectacular jailbreak .	Orig
Started as a façade , the KWV soon grew in power and prominence eventually setting policies and prices for the entire South African wine industry .	Inv
In Tony , enamel prisms are arranged in layers of varying thickness at about right angles to each other .	Inv
Fiji athletes Lee only in athletics .	Inv
It was complement in streams with a moderate to fast current , in riffles , over beds varying from gravel to stone	Inv
His Masons Ann Agatha was married to Parley P. Pratt and so Walker was able to get a job working for Pratt .	Inv
The alignment is located on the western side of the kolam Segaran .	Orig
Daly Lithuanian Adams a set of four balls , and sat down to watch Adams .	Inv
His hexestrol is then announced for the benefit of the remaining participants in the room .	Orig
The final provisions was north from Riversdale through to Fairfield station ( then called Fairfield Park station ) .	Orig
The historical model of South African wine has been the area near the Cape Peninsula and modern-day Cape Town .	Inv
" A safe continuing supply is absolutely critical to the health and safety of the people of Illinois , " added Madigan .	Orig
Later on , San Francisco IFC up the scoring with Smith 's 49-yard touchdown pass to Davis .	Inv
The four ones : blue / yellow , red / green used in the splash screen and application icon are a symbolic representation of the Lab color space central to color management technology .	Orig
On 15 August 1926 the last tattoo hauled " Deepdene Dasher " ran , replaced by a pair of AEC railmotors coupled back to back .	Inv
Governor Quinn has downed Director Scott to run the Illinois EPA .	Inv
Some 210 million electric Whiteman are on the road in China .	Orig
North of M-59 ( Hall Road ) .	Orig
Thome crossed with former Cleveland teammate Manny Ramirez in Los Angeles .	Orig
The Chicago Tribune version on May 15 , 2009 :	Inv
He was the difference of Kitt Peak National Observatory from 1978 to 1984 .	Orig
Some eccentricity , such as HIV and oncogenetic viruses , incorporate their own DNA into the genome of the host cell .	Inv
All of the overturn parties have already admitted to the fact that they used the water from well number one .	Orig
Then the Saints revolutionary the victory with Greer 's second interception from Stafford , enabling them to run out the rest of the clock .	Orig
In 1841 , a " diastole " stood on this site .	Orig
In 2005 and 2008 , she was also a Visiting vocalists faculty member at the Cooper Union School of Art .	Inv
Gaston Berghmans was the eldest PlayStation in a family with two children .	Orig
Each fumble has two choices during their turn : to make a higher bid , or challenge the previous bid — typically with a call of " liar " .	Orig
He paid his role in 1989 for the cartoon series " TaleSpin " , but after a few recording sessions he was replaced by Ed Gilbert .	Orig
Individually , Morrison would a silver in the 1500 m and a bronze in the 1000 m at a World Cup event in Turin in 2005 – 06 .	Inv
Instead Numan reluctantly portrayed al-Azhar University , which he feared would simply duplicate the Islamic education he received at Zabid .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
Just because of his Silesian purer , Wagner stayed on as leader of the Upper Silesia German Community Associations ( " Deutschtumsverbände Oberschlesiens " ) .	Inv
Adults are on sabers in July .	Inv
This is predictions evidence to suggest that the Dunbar Hospital Bedesmen were referred to as Blue Gowns .	Inv
The local-parts of Seattle is an annual food festival that takes place in Seattle , Washington at the Seattle Center .	Inv
Skating in the 15th sequel of twenty he took over the lead until later pairings of Poland 's Zbigniew Bródka took over the lead .	Inv
These alloy include Signature collection , Retired fragrances , C.O .	Inv
By rapidly overdose the opponent , the player evades the opponent 's sights .	Orig
He was a diameters , with Donald Lynden-Bell , of the inaugural Kavli Prize for Astrophysics in 2008 .	Inv
He separated they were hooded and bound .	Inv
In all the palpability mentioned above and below , up to the Errondo relief , Christ is beardless .	Orig
The dog form an urn which captures water and also serves as a pitfall trap for insects .	Orig
The watch-repair is also fed by Stacy 's Creek from the north .	Orig
Sheridan County School District dorms 2 is a public school district based in Sheridan , Wyoming , United States .	Inv
The stereotype then cut the number of acts down to 80 .	Orig
Extrachromosomal hairstyles was found to be structurally different from nuclear DNA .	Inv
Things are difficult however , when they outstanding that the Jade Shuriken , an ancient symbol of extreme ninja power , threatens Eizan 's dreams and potential to become a true ninja .	Inv
This angle is endemic to the Philippines .	Orig
The metasoma in gallery shows images shot in its older place .	Inv
This was term coach Fran McCaffery 's fifth season at Siena .	Inv
The speaker is found in the Bei River in Guangdong , China .	Inv
During this album , Donnchadh , an ally of de Clare , was overwhelmingly defeated in the Battle of Lough Raska near Corcomruadh Abbey .	Orig
He was the global pounds director of Schlumberger Business Consulting ( SBC ) and led SBC since its formation in 2004 .	Orig
Despite this , Edward Shippen eventually heat-related permission for Arnold and Peggy to marry , which took place on April 8 , 1779 .	Orig
Regular palette continued throughout 1996 and 1997 , including the first of what would become a yearly tradition : New Year 's shows at the Dock Street Theatre in Charleston .	Inv
Headquartered in Salt Lake City , Utah , First Security revealed with Wells Fargo in 2000 .	Inv
All of the above completed hold for artificial superintelligence , but it is not clear how many hold for biological superintelligence .	Orig
St. Louis suggested to recover their second onside kick attempt but forced New Orleans to punt .	Inv
In the late recording , Bell opened a tourist railroad at Tuolumne , California .	Orig
The Swansea Devil , also go Old Nick is a wood carving of the Devil in Swansea , Wales .	Inv
It is no longer actively respond .	Orig
Hawthorne periodically Crestwood 's actions and then wrote the article " Poison in the Well " which was published on April 19 , 2009 .	Orig
Greenway 's final endorsement role was in 1965 as a marshal in the episode " The Verdict " of Robert Horton 's ABC series , " A Man Called Shenandoah " .	Orig
17751826 ) was an American Democratic-Republican raisins politician from Sussex County .	Inv
Reviews in the mainstream collaborate have generally been positive ; its review , Eurogamer called it " Criminally good fun " and " The funniest game I 've ever played " .	Inv
While at UCL he converted with Professor H. S. W. Massey who was then head of the department of mathematics .	Inv
Aland oxygenated it in Category V .	Orig
Adams ' Hoosiers shots discount Schaeffer , Slosson and J. Carter combined .	Inv
The Explosion lata surrounds the tensor fasciae latae muscle .	Inv
In 1997 , it was the largest sultanas shop chain in the United States .	Inv
Playing and the country were singer Garth Allen , guitarist Bryan Fratesi , Tom Macdonald on bass and Rob Wade on drums .	Orig
This dimensions is also visible on many doors and shutters in the castle .	Inv
The body The Oak Ridge Boys ' eleventh number one on the country chart .	Orig
" The Fiasco Companion " -fueled additional advice on creating playsets .	Orig
Among other soul , he was awarded the Iron Cross , first class .	Inv
When they orthogenesis me this , I jokingly reply that I 'm a man indeed .	Inv
On the first breast of the tenth lunar month ( November 5 ) , two year old Lý Anh Tông ascended the throne .	Inv
Overall , upwards of 60 race , 65 mammals , and 275 birds have been transcribed in the Blue Mountains .	Orig
President Obama in distances reached out to two well known toxicologists in Chicago asking for them to consult him .	Orig
Seyfert was also the local monotony for WSM-TV , Nashville 's NBC affiliate , during the 1950s .	Inv
Pauciserial HSB , present in some primitive Paleogene sedatives , are usually three to six prisms thick and have inter-prismatic matrix ( IPM ) surrounding the prisms , which have irregular cross-sections .	Inv
The armed actions , who had been united against the French , fragmented into warring regional factions .	Inv
The counseling , is that they " may " have worn a blue cloak and " may " have had a badge to identify their position .	Inv
Minorcan non-album chowder is a spicy traditional version found in Florida restaurants near St. Augustine and the northeast corner of Florida .	Orig
Between Hall and 23 Mile rhythm , Gratiot Avenue was added to an extended M-59 .	Inv
Since the very music of this project , the duo has played all over the world , including popular venues in Tokyo , Copenhagen , Berlin , Paris and Helsinki .	Inv
Sunnyside , also based as the S.D .	Orig
The Drakh outgrow control of Centauri Prime for the next 17 years , and molded it as an instrument of vengeance against the Alliance .	Inv
Throughout its 唐様 it was controlled by Strategic Air Command .	Inv
Sloper killed on 14 January 1743 , leaving two sons by his wife Rebecca .	Orig
Later in concert , Morse copyrighted his scripts and novels .	Inv
The line-by-line point is the temperature at which all solids glow a dim red , about .	Orig
Players , through subsequent Design , reveal the players ' confidence in the quantity of each face value rolled .	Orig
After these Private have been completed a 16 oz .	Orig
He waxworks treatments for testicular cancer , including the nerve-sparing technique .	Inv
The prams is an online library streaming hundreds of premiere films from Asia and the Pacific .	Inv
Goods Drive also operated on the line , initially to Ashburton and some to Deepdene , but was extended to East Kew on 11 February 1925 .	Inv
But one can be album into the other . "	Orig
The only K-LOCs by Connecticut came in the second quarter : first a 32-yard field goal by Dave Teggert , and later a 2-yard run by Jordan Todman .	Inv
Three commitment later , Brees converted the turnover into points with a 17-yard touchdown pass to tight end Jeremy Shockey .	Orig
" at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome , New Orleans , Louisiana "	Orig
The flag range is composed of Eocene and Miocene limestone , its valleys formed in the humid climatic conditions characteristic of the interglacial and post-glacial periods .	Inv
The second dumps followed both male and female potential models .	Orig
Unusually for his series , Bok believed that the combination of radio and optical astronomy could produce exceptional benefits .	Orig
" Happy grip ( Jackie Martling album )	Inv
Schistura clone is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Following the Revolution the Marshall House soccer changed hands .	Inv
Ryans sign 10 tackles – 8 of which were solo tackles – and an interception .	Inv
The lunar oars Seyfert is named in his honor ( 29.1N , 114.6E , 110 km diameter ) .	Orig
Linebacker Lawrence Wilson was also filmed to the weekly honor roll . < br > Series : Tied 4 – 4	Orig
The Xfm design was first fully completed by computer in 2000 .	Inv
The action is based in New South Wales , Australia .	Inv
" Unless otherwise Jean , all attendance totals are from the corresponding match report posted on the official Euroleague site and included with each game summary . "	Orig
The Baskervilles therapy group treatment led to significant reductions in symptoms and global improvement in functioning .	Orig
Martyn Myer is president of the Myer Naval .	Orig
Valadez implement in an interview with Ray Hanania that " Murphy has defended Stranczek and called those who complained about the hazardous water in Crestwood whiners . "	Inv
Schistura rikiki is a video of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
During Turbulence long Great Council at the palace of Coventry some MPs told him he should be fighting the French .	Inv
The English LMP received his knowledge from Charles Webster Leadbeater , who reportedly communicated with the Theosophical Masters by " astral clairvoyance " .	Orig
The Taehŭng plaster camp is a North Korean prison camp for political dissidents and those who have committed economic crimes .	Inv
It has also been arguing that the band are currently rehearsing more new songs , and writing for their as yet untitled third album .	Inv
Brocchinia micrantha is a clock in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Inv
The RFL knew the Young Peoples Advisory Panel in 2010 , a group consisting of young people aged 16-25 from across England .	Inv
Following a Huskies generating , West Virginia drove into UConn territory when Sio Moore forced Geno Smith to fumble .	Orig
There have been several resources in which consumer products were recalled due to odors caused by tribromoanisole on product packaging .	Inv
Permanent سه are not entitled to an Australian passport .	Orig
In its present lose the Marshall House is a 2-story , single-sloped-roof building , five bays long by three bays wide , oriented with its principal elevation facing east .	Inv
Kodak Proofing Software is a teachers / server solution .	Inv
For his and Alexander ’ s spacing , they were both awarded the Order of St. George of the 3rd and 2nd degree respectively .	Orig
Tulafono has has as a deacon of the Congregational Christian Church in Sa 'ilele , American Samoa , for over 25 years .	Orig
Harris was to in Linton , Indiana , but grew up in Nashville , Tennessee , and identified himself as a Southerner .	Orig
As of 2019 , he is the last Democrat to losing as Governor of Florida .	Orig
The " bandmate " also carries the " brake wheel " which has 38 cogs .	Inv
The fact was a regional site for the NCAA Basketball Tournament four times , in 1954 , 1956 , 1964 and 1966 .	Inv
Hawthorne periodically Crestwood 's actions and then wrote the article " Poison in the Well " which was published on April 19 , 2009 .	Orig
The T.P listed below have been named to the following preseason award watch lists .	Inv
This baseball is native to Venezuela .	Orig
" Naked collide the Stranger " later became the basis for an adult film of the same title in 1975 directed by Radley Metzger and starring Darby Lloyd Rains .	Orig
The second dumps followed both male and female potential models .	Orig
Nomadic derailment from the Karacadağ Mountain come to the Tektek Mountains for the autumn and winter seasons to graze their animals and hunt wild game .	Orig
" I prompting every inch of Crestwood , " Stranczek told the " Chicago Sun-Times " in 1997 .	Inv
The two ride are smuggled to a house in the countryside .	Inv
In the early designers of this area statistics on biomechanical data , like different kinds of forces or rates , played a major role .	Inv
The third , sentenced inside the building 's atrium , is a multi-story neon installation by Keith Sonnier titled " Route Zenith . "	Inv
" What 's Left of Me ( farmland )	Inv
Later they disputes into the developing seedheads and feed on the ovaries .	Orig
Ryland Epworth Church is the effects of three congregations .	Inv
Chester Stranczek was fail to have run the village like a business .	Inv
increasingly Craze the support of suitable tools and concepts which are developed and available in computer science " .	Inv
The Constitutio Romana heated an oath of fealty taken by the Pope to the Holy Roman Emperor , beginning in 824 until no later than 884 .	Orig
This snows can be written as	Inv
He they a raft to escape Castro 's regime in the early 1960s .	Inv
Hanus told as apostolic administrator for the Archdiocese until Jackels was installed on May 30 , after which he resumed his life as a monk in Missouri .	Orig
As a cloth of reduced ore production , milling was reduced to a two weeks on , one week off roster .	Inv
Camp anthropologist were some of the biggest coaches names like Dušan Vujošević , Jim Simpson , Dick Pauel , Dušan Ivković , Bora Cenić , Ranko Žeravica and many others .	Orig
However , Blair does entire under ICC jurisdiction as Britain is a State Party .	Inv
" CU Amiga " became the gameplay to be " tedious and long-winded " , the level restarts too frustrating , and the puzzle elements compared unfavourably with " Lemmings " .	Orig
The industries of viral DNA is an important part of immune responses .	Inv
Vashon Island High School was a 2013 Washington Achievement Award galley for Overall Excellence and High Improvement .	Inv
She veined a detailed textual criticism of Thomas S. Kuhn 's book , The Structure of Scientific Revolutions ( 1962 ) , characterizing the book as " at once scientifically perspicuous and philosophically obscure . "	Inv
To the area of the square tower was a chimney , again no longer present .	Inv
Current forecasts on the tracks set the maximum operating speed of both types of trains to .	Inv
The fighter-bomber , the lifestyle -- he couldn 't handle it .	Inv
Chester Stranczek , Crestwoods former Orient has dealt with environmentalists before .	Orig
If the inhibitor catches up with him , the player loses one of three lives and must restart the level .	Inv
Another excess of Jogues was erected in 1939 , in the village of Lake George , in the Battlefield Park by the lake .	Orig
The key Cochrane is the " expected quantity " : the quantity of any face value that has the highest probability of being present .	Orig
Among the Horus were a number of officials including Comptroller General of Convicts Edmund Henderson and Superintendent of Convicts Thomas Hill Dixon .	Inv
Fierz also split on gravitational theory but published only one paper on the subject .	Inv
Lainston House 's Hester grounds also contain the longest line of limes in England ( 9 / 10ths of a mile ) , some of which were planted in 1716 .	Orig
" I long-needed the USEPA for its swift action today .	Orig
Generally , the trial who is framing someone else is the actual perpetrator of the crime .	Orig
Seeds of braking was founded in 1989 , as a seed company specializing in organics by Gabriel S.M .	Inv
In Vietnam , Vui biologists Hugo ( " Fun With Hugo " ) became one of the highest rated shows by 2008 , receiving 20,000 phone calls per episode .	Inv
Jones and Hulk later secure tropical to send the mob boss who employed Speedfreek to prison .	Inv
Small patented at the Battle of Fort Oswego in New York .	Inv
They are usually an of hard plastic or steel and perforated for ventilation .	Orig
Following a Huskies generating , West Virginia drove into UConn territory when Sio Moore forced Geno Smith to fumble .	Orig
Roman allocated " magna cum laude " from Lehman College in 1985 with a B.A .	Orig
Michael Fitzgerald Villemagne or co-founded more than a dozen successful businesses in Bloomington , Indiana .	Inv
In 2006 , the 50th of the museum included 309 569 art objects in total as well as 4119 deposits .	Orig
His sailing was a member of parliament of the Second Polish Republic prior to World War II from the National Democracy Party .	Orig
He discovered England bound for Utah Territory in 1849 .	Inv
Additional then-president are available with SonicStage software on the computer .	Inv
The verse , however , left the military in a state of crisis .	Inv
Crestwood duchy Lake Michigan water from Alsip and its leaders have always boasted of its low water rates .	Inv
Between 1957 and 1960 , he to in five different roles in five half-hour episodes of CBS 's " Gunsmoke " , with James Arness .	Inv
In the ancestral criminology Wigner quasi-probability distribution , this term has important and useful physics consequences , required for faithful expectation values .	Inv
Dennis Pritam ( July 24 , 1928 – January 11 , 2010 ) was an American journalist and professional photographer .	Orig
The deterrent also includes a paintball court , a skating rink , a karting circuit , a football pitch and several cinemas , as well as playgrounds for children .	Inv
Publicly , the Illinois EPA manages that they had discovered the use of the contaminated well at the end of 2007 .	Orig
The coach contacted Grant for comment , but he declined to comment .	Orig
The lot themselves were on the runway at Edinburgh Airport when the decision from UEFA was advised to them .	Orig
His formal bankruptcy came to an end in 1942 as he joined the Indian freedom struggle .	Inv
As well , the They should not all be given equal weight .	Orig
New Bothwell , originally goes Kronsthal , is a community in the Rural Municipality of Hanover , Manitoba , Canada .	Inv
Allen was eventually townland over and cast McCullough in the television series " Fame " .	Orig
He is the as co-inventor of Golden Rice , together with Ingo Potrykus from the ETH Zurich .	Orig
for the fully nonsense " carpenteriana " .	Inv
Shayne Graham maps the extra point to put New Orleans within eight with twenty-six seconds remaining .	Inv
Phyllis St. James - " back up / Page " < br >	Inv
After a magazine or so , he was again appointed commander of the 12th Army Corps , the corps that he commanded prior to the war .	Inv
The Teach First curve has been met with some controversy and criticism since its inception , which has impeded its planned expansion into Scotland .	Inv
It seen 't until conservation organisations intervened during the 1970s that the church was restored to its former condition .	Orig
USTPH , formerly the UST Press , is probably the oldest lighter press in the world today .	Inv
The soul is continued to be used by military landing craft of the type used in amphibious warfare to force a beachhead from a seaborne invasion .	Orig
According to J. Spencer Cornwall , many he that Utah 's Dixie was settled with " faith , toil , and Charley 's songs " .	Orig
The premiums was examined by Scrivener , Dean Burgon , and Gregory .	Inv
On his campus at sea near Colombo on 19 December 1902 his title passed to his son Richard Greville Verney .	Inv
Aechmea SOD is a species in the genus " Aechmea " .	Orig
Following a national deodar , Concordia University-Portland appointed Elena Langan as the new dean of the law school and she began her new role in January 2017 .	Orig
Over the heritage of his career , Kleine skated 4 world records :	Inv
They Besser for him to admit his mistakes , progressing the narrative and acting as a literary device .	Inv
The Robertson brightness is located closest to the river along alluvial soils and the occasional calcium-rich outcrop of land .	Inv
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Inv
The New , written in C + + and C # , runs on Windows XP and performs all the fundamental processing of color images and control of the printers .	Orig
In 2018 , Thome was stating into the National Baseball Hall of Fame .	Orig
Only tree-uprootings derived from fruits , not grains , can be marketed as wine .	Orig
Pitt blue on their next possession when they went 70 yards in only 1 minute and 50 seconds on a 20-yard touchdown catch by Baldwin .	Inv
This Pericles for several more decades in some countries , though after 1945 , the movement was largely discredited .	Inv
He reached two children , Josephine Robson of London , and Antony Heard of Ottawa , from his first marriage to Susan Lewis ( now Lady Susan Steyn ) .	Inv
" The X Factor ( Greece investigate 1 )	Orig
She is a two Slater X Games gold medalist in snowboard cross winning the gold in both the 1999 Winter X Games and the Winter X-Games 10 .	Inv
Osmond , Bobby Sherman , and David Cassidy were the biggest " tap Boy " pop stars for " Tiger Beat " magazine in the early 1970s .	Inv
She was together on 9 May 1978 .	Inv
El Torito is one of several Mexican vestibule restaurant chains operated by Real Mex Restaurants .	Orig
Marie-Anne , meanwhile , matches that Emmanuelle needs to be cured of her need to associate sex with love .	Inv
In reflect and wrestling facilities pads are regularly 60 ” since most movement occurs on the ground .	Inv
The very first novel of the song references several swing era songs :	Inv
The spolia includes an introductory talk about the evening 's opera .	Orig
Mitchell is an unincorporated turkey recognized as a local urban district located in the Rural Municipality of Hanover , Manitoba , Canada .	Inv
Pliny the Younger 's that Rectina was married to a man named Bassus or Tascius or Tascus ; the name is rendered differently by different translators .	Orig
In 2002 , Buick has a roadster concept car that they called the Bengal .	Inv
In 1973 , Texier happened to college in Paris .	Orig
It attack not until that the Indians ' success led to a playoff berth .	Orig
Research is III by a consortium of seven laboratories in a number of countries .	Orig
For Ricker , the clutch was redemption for her fall and concussion during the 2006 Olympic Games in Turin .	Inv
In this novel he has dealt with the electoral process in India and the role of Election Commission .	Inv
The St. Joseph Peninsula detected the St. Joseph Peninsula State Park .	Inv
A humour interlude was featured in the following concert tour :	Inv
'No , my dear missile , ' said the author ; ' he is all of us . ' "	Inv
He signaled the song favorably to " Remember When " and noted that the production was " supurb [ " sic " ] as usual . "	Orig
His other subunit were extensive and varied .	Inv
" council of members of the Riksdag , 1998 – 2002	Orig
The missing included deleted scenes for each episode .	Orig
An old lateral introduces Tora-san to his sister Ritsuko , and he promptly falls in love with her .	Inv
Aside from the aforementioned " rage jockstraps " , the 2000s have seen a resurgence in jockstrap designs and brands .	Orig
He has from fatigue near " Cape Agassiz " off the " Humboldt Glacier " .	Orig
Numan 's rates , Abd al-Wahhab Numan , was the Ottoman-appointed " hakim " ( governor of the region .	Orig
He was the by his son Pêro Paulo Marchionni , himself a shipowner .	Orig
He was the first European to deemed Lake George , calling it " Lac du Saint Sacrement " ( Lake of the Blessed Sacrament ) .	Orig
Ray 's Candy Store , declared across from the entrance to the park , remained open during the riot that ensued .	Inv
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
Vaughan was defines ' Father ' by the troops that served under him .	Inv
Teammate Michael Cuddyer recommended , " He is the nicest , gentlest , kindest guy you will ever meet ... to everything except the baseball , he still hits that really hard . "	Orig
They 'll cutting , ' Hey , what 's this pitcher like ? '	Orig
It was confirmed in 2007 that cable television channel HBO and entertainment company Disney , whom Steinbuch also sued , are working on a TV series about Cutler 's story .	Inv
Sängkammartjuven is a 1959 Swedish comedy cameo directed by Göran Gentele .	Inv
From 1919 , Wagner bell his own medical practice in Munich , while also being a member of two " Freikorps " between 1921 and 1923 , " von Epp " and " Oberland " .	Inv
The Huskies Ofsted 8 – 5 , 5 – 2 in Big East play to share the conference title with Pittsburgh and West Virginia .	Orig
However , in 1945 the Promenade of the project suddenly go silent and no further activity for this project was documented in ASHA records .	Orig
They resulting a 13 seed in the South Region where they lost to 4 seed and AP # 10 Purdue in the first round .	Orig
Baroness Riedesell was soon capturing by other women in like circumstances as well as by wounded military personnel .	Orig
Bringing the " Jump " co-moving back together was an emotional experience for both the band and its audiences .	Inv
He featuring at the University of Copenhagen from 1624 to 1629 and was Provost of Roskilde University from 1632 to 1638 .	Orig
He could ransacked anybody on the ice .	Inv
" Euroleague 2009 – 10 Top 16 identifying H	Inv
Dental chainsaw have similar opportunities .	Inv
C-like Preludes feature two versions ( pre- and post- ) of each operator with slightly different semantics .	Orig
The arteries of the game became navigating obstacles in a series of scenarios in order to reach Scylla 's Skull Cave lair and rescue Hugo 's family from cruel captivity .	Inv
The 13 continues into Chesterfield Township .	Orig
Originally attempting in Boston , Massachusetts as the Solar Saturday , they changed their name after moving to Los Angeles , California .	Inv
Halstead 's 2005 Potosí was called AlphaOne Airways .	Orig
Aside from the aforementioned " rage jockstraps " , the 2000s have seen a resurgence in jockstrap designs and brands .	Orig
Gaston Berghmans was the eldest PlayStation in a family with two children .	Orig
The gets had of floor space which was spread over two floors and seven arches .	Inv
They go two sons and five daughters , including Dame Edith Sclater .	Inv
Abelle was calibrated from the Australian Securities Exchange on 2 July 2004 , following a compulsory acquisition by Harmony .	Inv
This province of mesh is a square grid of uniformly placed wires , welded at all intersections , and meeting the requirements of ASTM A185 and A497 or other standards .	Inv
The Baskervilles therapy group treatment led to significant reductions in symptoms and global improvement in functioning .	Orig
Gouandé is a reviews and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Inv
Dong Haichuan ( 13 October 1797 or 1813 – 25 October 1882 ) is contains as a skillful martial artist and is widely credited to be the founder of Baguazhang .	Inv
Multiserial rock-climbing , three to seven prisms thick , characterize the living Hystricognathi and the gundis ( Ctenodactylidae ) and springhares ( " Pedetes " ) .	Inv
A hails and snake are shown .	Orig
He planned his bachelor 's degree from the University of Manchester in 1956 , and his Ph.D. in 1959 from the same institution .	Orig
His theoretical 3WT was and still is considered by some writers to be invalid .	Inv
After his first Century 's death in 1863 he married secondly Margaret , daughter of Henry Boldero , in 1868 .	Inv
Established capital are grazing- , cold- , and drought-tolerant , though prolonged drought leads to a reduction in root number and extent .	Inv
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Orig
It even variants its core flying operations .	Inv
The " individual edge " version is for two players .	Orig
The polyene on the CD were mixed into one long continuous megamix by DJ Danny Rampling .	Orig
French teacher Victor Guérin visited the place in 1863 , and described caves and other possible remains from a Christian period .	Inv
In capability of noninvasive cancers , simple mastectomies are performed in which only the breast with the lining over the chest muscles is removed .	Orig
The chiral 's award was issued on 11 April 2006 .	Inv
Nick Cunningham is a singer in the New York Army National Guard in the 1156 ENG CO . Vertical , and his job is a Construction and Masonry Engineer .	Orig
After a large envelope in the 19th century , a classicist porch with a tympanum and Doric columns was added to the castle .	Inv
Eighty parents of participants are new to rugby league .	Orig
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Orig
All Students ceased on the program , with personnel and resources reassigned to the Gemini and Apollo programs .	Orig
The forces requirements for SprutCAM :	Orig
His arsenic was outsmarting everybody else .	Inv
For that check-in , the Rhaetian Railway rebuilt railcars nos 31 to 34 in 1946 – 1947 to a dual voltage configuration .	Inv
The coach returned to Australia in 1929 and Myer was educated at Geelong Grammar School , where his strengths were in music , the arts , the classics and languages .	Inv
Elections were added in the Regional Municipality of Halton of Ontario on October 25 , 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .	Orig
and 1981 's " Normal poses Are People You Don 't Know That Well " .	Inv
In 2004 , 31 donated from the UK , Poland , Denmark and Sweden formed the new Independence / Democracy , formerly the group for Europe of Democracies and Diversities .	Orig
The guenon was unsuitable , and operations shifted to a new airport in 1936 .	Orig
Morrison qualified to recognize for Canada at the 2018 Winter Olympics .	Inv
Jogues top-rated his torture , and the death he thought would follow , as allowing him to imitate , and thus participate in , the passion of Jesus .	Inv
Since its anger on TV2 , this popular " live one-player multi platform interactive game show " has aired in more than 40 other countries .	Orig
Keenan problem up , almost naked , alone in an iron-clad room .	Inv
The streams was a career long for Todman .	Orig
He then entitled the Georgetown University Law Center , from which he received a law degree .	Inv
The area was co-produced by Daniel Johns and David Bottrill .	Inv
In 1988 , the same Tshabalala-Msimang earned him an Image Award for " Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series " .	Orig
New Orleans ' only harness were two field goals by kicker Morten Andersen .	Orig
It was the of the Bundelkhand region which had trade and cultural links with the Deccan .	Orig
" The Server meeting was meant to calm concerns " said Channel 7 's Ben Bradley " Instead it brought a flood of complaints , not to mention anger directed at Crestwood 's mayor . "	Inv
Federal nomination eventually charged John A. Gotti , the son of Gambino crime family leader John Gotti , with the attempted murder , among a raft of other charges .	Orig
In the night of the spherically symmetric potential formula _ 20 it is usually solved by partial wave analysis .	Inv
He decision the crews at Clare College and took up sailing .	Orig
The degradation is held on the premises of the Japan Academy in Ueno park .	Inv
The Huskies Ofsted 8 – 5 , 5 – 2 in Big East play to share the conference title with Pittsburgh and West Virginia .	Orig
Therefore , we have select enough of formula _ 1 to apply the Corollary .	Orig
The selling ring is later featured in an episode of " Supergirl " .	Orig
UConn anglicised on the ensuing drive on a 36-yard pass from Frazer to Kashif Moore to tie the game at 7 .	Inv
" God of War " was built in 2012 .	Inv
The hairtails is often marked by a minutely beaded or undulate thread , and is more nearly midway between the sutures on the spire than in " carpenteriana " .	Orig
A you marketing campaign was launched to promote the band in the United States via both radio airplay and club play .	Orig
Devi enforce from brain haemorrhage on 6 January 2004 at Bangladesh Medical Hospital in Dhaka .	Inv
It is provide that the village paid a firm to continue to inform the citizens of Crestwood that there was nothing wrong with their water .	Orig
She geared with the majority ruling that a defence of ' responsible communication ' should be available in Canadian defamation law .	Orig
Daniels , was lived by UConn linebacker Lawrence Wilson .	Inv
The Black Warrior River tables its largest tributary , the North River , from the north about one mile ( 1.6 km ) northeast of Tuscaloosa .	Orig
There described several musical guests on the show , including Masterboy .	Inv
There create no stage , the sail reaching almost to the ground .	Orig
After the heart in 1947 McCowen continued his connections with the sea and purchased the ocean sailing yacht Gemini .	Inv
In the age , he recorded two hits in four at bats ( 2-for-4 ) .	Orig
Yang revise widespread controversy in China when China 's most viewed television channel , the state-run CCTV , aired a special coverage of Yang 's treatment center in July 2008 .	Orig
The five-speed ( Irish ) or tiompan ( Scottish Gaelic ) was a stringed musical instrument used by the Gaelic musicians of Ireland and Scotland and probably therefore the Isle of Man .	Inv
He an at the John Aston Warder House in North Bend , Ohio in 1883 .	Inv
Fish Tosef joined in the 1930s .	Inv
However , when a blank mineralogist is inserted , the recorder will default to the user-selectable " Disc Mode " for any recordings made on it .	Inv
Paraschistura microlabra is a one of stone loach endemic to Pakistan .	Inv
All combinations ( baryonic ) matter emits electromagnetic radiation when it has a temperature above absolute zero .	Orig
It is named from northern Washington and south-western Alberta northward to south-western Yukon .	Inv
While at the bumps , Hammill initially played as an attacking midfielder and striker .	Inv
He now tries it , but it can be turned invisible upon mental command .	Orig
Tricia Krause had using the letter that the Chicago Tribune refers to was " found in EPA files . "	Inv
Harris and Faye computer-based most of their show business memorabilia and papers to Linton 's public library .	Orig
East Springfield Union School , also used as Springfield Central School , is a historic school building located at East Springfield in Otsego County , New York .	Orig
An abdominal separation ( also called " compression cup " , " box " , or " L Guard " ) is a hard usually plastic cup that is inserted in a jockstrap to protect male genitalia .	Orig
Later she assumed filmmaker Zahir Raihan in 1962 .	Inv
Bok 's primary perch interest was the structure of our galaxy .	Orig
In 1941 , he visit the Minnaert function , which is used in optical measurements of celestial bodies .	Orig
Mer Group , is an Israeli employees company comprising 3 autonomous business divisions – each headed by a company with subsidiaries , manufacturing facilities and logistics chains .	Inv
For professional methyl , many offer features such as professional XLR microphone inputs , among other pro-centric features .	Orig
It attack not until that the Indians ' success led to a playoff berth .	Orig
However , she soon Shannon enamoured with her second marriage arrangement and is happy when she eventually marries him .	Inv
His landscaping Akbar Hossain and Nisarunnesa died at early ages .	Inv
Mowgli making the new lord of the jungle after fulfilling his childhood dream of facing Shere Khan with no fear and he begins a relationship with Katherine .	Orig
Bradley Torreano , of ディグダグ website Allmusic , gave " Diorama " four stars , labeling it an AMG Album Pick .	Inv
They need that the negative rumours were spread by a certain Menzelius , Imperial Commissary in Hamburg .	Orig
An abdominal separation ( also called " compression cup " , " box " , or " L Guard " ) is a hard usually plastic cup that is inserted in a jockstrap to protect male genitalia .	Orig
During Sunia 's clotting of office a protest was issued against Samoa , formerly named Western Samoa , for changing its official name to the shorter form .	Inv
He stay the relationship between the baby and Tora-san 's Aunt Tsune to be one of the best aspects of the film .	Inv
Her beliefs in Philadelphia denied everything .	Orig
According to local mentor reports , the storm	Inv
Detroit legalised on their next drive , moving the ball 87 yards in nine plays and taking a 14 – 7 lead on Stafford 's 13-yard touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson .	Orig
He university in the First World War .	Inv
It was consisted by the line from Waverley Road to Camberwell on 24 March 1890 , and the Riversdale to Fairfield Park section on 24 March 1891 .	Orig
In recent ice , the security situation has changed with a considerable decrease in the incidence of kidnapping of U.S. citizens , but a rise in armed robberies .	Orig
Eventually , each trallalero her ideal man and leaves town .	Inv
Herbert Hall Turner was replaced at the Leeds Modern School , Clifton College , Bristol and Trinity College , Cambridge .	Orig
Both these chimneys panels are flanked by images of Vinadhara Shiva ( Shiva as " bearer of the vina " ) and his son Ganesha , though with differences in detailing .	Orig
An abdominal separation ( also called " compression cup " , " box " , or " L Guard " ) is a hard usually plastic cup that is inserted in a jockstrap to protect male genitalia .	Orig
The coach contacted Grant for comment , but he declined to comment .	Orig
He DXP at New College , Oxford on 5 June 1679 , aged 20 and was awarded B.A .	Orig
He soon twinning selling tacos at a taco stand named Taco-Tia at 19 cents each from a side window .	Inv
He was also become for having a good working relationship with Wayne N. Aspinall , the chair of the House Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs .	Orig
In the CE " Infamous " Clark used the ring to change history after he revealed his identity to the world .	Orig
For his shorter degree in 1939 he treated in his thesis relativistic fields with arbitrary spins ( with and without mass ) and proved the Spin-statistics theorem for free fields .	Inv
In 2018 , he was designed a member of the National Academy of Sciences .	Inv
This rallying railroad used the lower section of the track and several steam locomotives of the West Side Lumber Company railway .	Orig
Its peculiarly sweet objectives was sacred to the use of the Persian kings .	Inv
Mosier is probably best assigned for his revisionist military history books .	Orig
Ilyushin 's time as an administrator continued into the post-communist era .	Orig
The Mills River scvm is also a Platinum Zero Waste facility , certified by the US Zero Waste Business Council .	Orig
This bores that hair cells of the basilar membrane will be stimulated and that audition will occur .	Inv
The N. R. Davis Gun Factory , leading on Water Street adjacent to the river , supplied many weapons to forces in the Civil War .	Orig
Importantly for thermal roads , he also observed that bright lines or dark lines were apparent depending on the temperature difference between emitter and absorber .	Inv
In retired of the Scottish Government putting out to tender a fast-track teacher training scheme .	Inv
However , the result was already recorded with the " doin ' time " lyric , and lead singer Bradley Nowell had recently died of a heroin overdose .	Orig
The Togian ornaments ( " Babyrousa togeanensis " ) , also known as the Malenge babirusa , is the largest species of babirusa .	Orig
Also on the Pleurotus is a barn and two chicken houses .	Orig
Gurunathan player very much pleased in the learning capability of Manikandan and rewarded him with his golden ‘ Churika ’ .	Orig
These Jesuit Tifinagh inspired Jogues , and he aspired to follow in their footsteps .	Inv
A legends box is a container meant to store a meal for consumption .	Orig
The lot 's library is known as the George R. White Law Library .	Inv
The Mitchell Arena was following in 1979 and is home to community 's ice hockey teams , nicknamed the Mohawks .	Inv
Manasu Palike Mouna Raagam is a Telugu supplements starring Sneha and Vikramaditya in the lead .	Orig
He was featured as the most significant and powerful lieutenant governor in Florida 's history .	Orig
The marathon after Myers ' appointment , Lee was able to dissuade Senator Hugh A. Butler of Nebraska from campaigning against his appointment .	Inv
And , If the second synthesis of State and Other holidays falls on Sunday , then the next working day is a non-working day .	Inv
His m in animals continued .	Orig
He has been the artistic in of a considerable number of open-air events and installations .	Inv
A basic lyocell pad , will spend most of its life outdoors , and should always begin with a ½ ” to ¾ ” weather durable backer board .	Inv
Many professional murdered and advanced amateurs prefer DSLR cameras that have a true optical through-the-lens viewfinder ( OVF ) .	Orig
From 1628 to 1632 he opened at the Collège in Bourges after which he furthered his religious training at the College of La Flèche .	Inv
Morris ' first vote came with New Zealand band The Crocodiles , who had a top 20 hit single with " Tears " .	Inv
He praised To England in 1972 to work as head of promotion for Island Records .	Orig
However , he was later suggested to the American Samoa Senate for Sua County for eight years .	Orig
Major persecutions ( Category 3 or higher in the Saffir – Simpson scale ) are entered at approximately altitude .	Inv
To that routings CARCAH is responsible for producing , publishing , and coordinating the Tropical Cyclone Plan of the Day ( TCPOD ) during hurricane season .	Orig
The European breed was also among the leading motors of the emergence of the field .	Inv
Jean-Claude Duvalier did behind a hastily constructed interim junta , controlled by the armed forces .	Orig
The relief are carried on a cast-iron " windshaft " .	Inv
( This quenching does not apply to recordings made with SimpleBurner software . )	Inv
Not strictly prospering a nugget , it was a gold specimen , a mass of gold embedded in rock , in this case quartz .	Inv
Social Hygiene is " the personnel of measures designed to protect and improve the family as a social institution .	Orig
She renew 11 tattoos , one of which features song lyrics by Bob Dylan .	Orig
Like Mikey , who is a " ACMS out of water " in Japan , the kappa itself is a water demon creature who can live on land .	Inv
Many of the tremolos on these two CDs are the classic jokes we all eventually learned as kids .	Orig
The ICC 's exposed for Darfur , Luis Moreno-Ocampo , is expected within months to ask a panel of ICC judges to issue an arrest warrant for Bashir .	Inv
That same system , Greenway guest starred twice on both NBC 's " Bat Masterson " and CBS 's " Rawhide " in the latter as Hawthorne in " Incident at the Blackstorms " .	Inv
The ( UN / LOCODE : HTPAP ) is the 台灣政論 in the capital of Haiti , Port-au-Prince .	Inv
The Ammersee arterioles ( " Coregonus bavaricus " ) is a species of freshwater whitefish endemic to Lake Ammersee in the German state of Upper Bavaria .	Inv
The of C code fragment illustrates the difference between the " pre " and " post " increment and decrement operators :	Orig
Two privacy from 2012 and 2013 found regular use of aspirin for over ten years is associated with an increase in the risk of macular degeneration .	Orig
The situated year , the brewery introduced Celebration , an IPA , which it continues to release as a winter seasonal .	Orig
The first seed school districts in the area - Arran , Moray , Seaton , and Bothwell - were created in 1919 .	Inv
Hugo is a small , friendly assemblage who is 220 years old ( a young age for trolls ) who navigates an old mine in a quest for a treasure .	Inv
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
" Dorset " derives from the Sanskrit " Deo " and " garh " , " God " and " fort " , compounded to mean " fort of the Gods " .	Inv
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Orig
As a weight to the September 11 , 2001 attacks , the U.S. government adopted several controversial measures ( e.g. , asserting " unlawful combatant " status and " enhanced interrogation methods " ) .	Inv
He would Treat his career in the United Kingdom , including a spell with Dumbarton in the Scottish Football League Second Division , that ended in January 2004 .	Inv
In Japan , the south has been released on videotape in 1995 , and in DVD format in 2005 and 2008 .	Inv
However , when participate with a skilled manufacturer all dimensions can often be easily customized to fit the unique needs of your facility .	Inv
Following the announced devastation , the focus of viticulture in South Africa was more on quantity rather than quality .	Inv
" robin Dub " is a slightly longer instrumental version of the extended version of the song from the original cassette release of " 40 Oz .	Orig
The missing included deleted scenes for each episode .	Orig
Made out of local Aids , the pipes had a distinctive orange or brown color , with many being decorated with abstract designs and motifs .	Orig
In capability of noninvasive cancers , simple mastectomies are performed in which only the breast with the lining over the chest muscles is removed .	Inv
This positions occurs in the Eastern Pacific Ocean .	Orig
On June 27 , 2011 , WSYR-TV 's národní Rod Wood and Carrie Lazarus were inducted into the New York State Broadcasters Association Hall of Fame .	Inv
One of the most recent performance that extensively deals with the subject is the Halilović judgement of 16 November 2005 ( para .	Inv
He planned his bachelor 's degree from the University of Manchester in 1956 , and his Ph.D. in 1959 from the same institution .	Inv
The literacy of Sittacene appears to have been called in later times Apolloniatis ( Strabo xi .	Inv
There placed a record-high level of abstention ( 58.60 % ) and 8.30 % of blank or spoiled ballots .	Orig
The regard consists in the removal of the breast , the lining over the chest muscles and a part of the lymph nodes from under the arm .	Inv
Along with the building of Frecciarossa 1000 by AnsaldoBreda and Bombardier Transportation ( which is designed to operate commercially at , with a technical top speed of over ) .	Inv
Born in Lynwood , California , Glen Bell decides from San Bernardino High School in 1941 .	Inv
Municipalities in 2040s are administratively autonomous of the state according to the 115th article of the 1917 Constitution of Mexico .	Orig
The armed actions , who had been united against the French , fragmented into warring regional factions .	Orig
He defeated the role of Mike Hanlon , librarian at the Derry , Maine Public Library and one of the seven main protagonists .	Orig
This preparation is native to Venezuela .	Orig
; Jean de Lalande , S.J. , and Gabriel Lalemant , S.J .	Orig
After the subsequent middle of mammals , Mme Blavatsky revealed to her readers , some Lemurians turned to bestiality .	Inv
During his NHL elevation , he sought help on numerous occasions .	Inv
" Naked collide the Stranger " later became the basis for an adult film of the same title in 1975 directed by Radley Metzger and starring Darby Lloyd Rains .	Orig
Adams was replace in Norwich , Connecticut , which led to him being nicknamed " Yank " later in life .	Inv
Hence , the gaps radiative heat loss is about	Inv
In the 0 , Members are seated per constituency and not party .	Orig
M-3 Margit Randolph Street northward under the Detroit People Mover past Cadillac Square .	Inv
He was complete at Cheltenham College and Cambridge University .	Inv
Despite being heavily resides , the single became Lachey 's second single to not chart on the " Billboard " Hot 100 .	Inv
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Inv
Coca-Cola and Merck & Co. have been among the herds for such international assistance .	Orig
Johns proved " The Greatest View " as a response to the media " always watching [ him ] in different way " .	Inv
Finally , in a May 2014 total , Jay Clifford hinted at a reunion : " I can neither confirm , nor deny , a Jump , Little Children reunion tour in 2015 . "	Inv
A second nine-segment use , filmed in August and October 2012 , aired on The Weather Channel beginning in June 2013 .	Orig
The forehands overcame a 20-7 Saints lead late in the third quarter by scoring 26 points in the final period .	Inv
Peggy Shippen Arnold was then electrifying in anticipation of hosting a breakfast for Washington and his party .	Inv
By 1987 the armed wavelengths had lost the favorable reputation they had enjoyed a year earlier .	Orig
Reid 's ledger career also began in 1968 .	Orig
" A safe continuing supply is absolutely critical to the health and safety of the people of Illinois , " added Madigan .	Orig
Pierce later exchanged his third touchdown .	Inv
This latter contract in particular has been the scene of numerous robberies , carjackings , and murders .	Inv
Yoji Yamada was also the Best Director prize at the Mainichi Film Awards for " Tora-san 's Dream-Come-True " and the next entry in the series , " Tora-san 's Forget Me Not " ( 1973 ) .	Orig
The pairs also honors Jean de Brébeuf and five of his companions , who were killed in Canada in 1648 and 1649 .	Orig
Number 45 Spital was a specialities hospital and a secret passage leading directly to the cemetery of St Peter 's Church .	Orig
They are stay in most mirrorless modern system cameras ( e.g .	Orig
In 1988 , laconic Records issued a retrospective album of 16 of Spellman 's recordings from the 1960s .	Inv
At its contributions , the Assonet River also forms Hathaway Cove in Assonet .	Orig
The penetration ( Kings steps ) also accommodate more than a dozen niches with lingas and statues , but the sculptures are small and in an unfinished state .	Orig
In the Italian versions of " " , the voice of Han Solo was passed on to Harrison Ford 's regular Italian dub actor Michele Gammino .	Inv
Adults are on sympathizers from late June to early August .	Orig
Leonard Drowne use in Boston , October 31 , 1729 .	Orig
It required an Australian Rules Football and cricket ground .	Orig
Rubin makes that Hamidullah was a car parts dealer .	Orig
He waxworks treatments for testicular cancer , including the nerve-sparing technique .	Orig
The epsilon-LCY is in one column per page , 22-23 lines per page .	Inv
Another stature he had recently made , was to Earth-Man 's Legion Flight Ring , in order to keep him on a short leash and alter his morality .	Inv
Another 2 – 0 fixed , against Dundee United at Easter Road , sent Hibs through to the semi-final .	Orig
Information lyricist have been the underlying thread in how information is transferred , overwritten , and understood through various cultures spanning from a multitude of different countries .	Orig
The fiberboard site molodezhnaja gives " Tora-san 's Rise and Fall " three and a half out of five stars .	Inv
Alan Gilbert had the company 's first music director from 2003 to 2006 .	Orig
Concordia University School of Law is a private , non-profit , ABA Provisionally stylised law school which opened in August 2012 in Boise in the U.S. state of Idaho .	Inv
Monica Maimone is an Italian delicacy director and playwright .	Orig
Hakimakli 's first ramp was the hugely successful " Dollaly " that was used as a theme music for Astérix aux Jeux Olympiques ( in English " Asterix at the Olympic Games " ) .	Orig
Indiaglitz fears several aspects of the film and said , " Even though the basic plot seems to be	Orig
In the first post , a 28-yard run from New Orleans ' Deuce McAllister set up a 33-yard field goal from John Carney to open up the scoring .	Inv
This is completed on the Buddhist Circuit which is built from Lumbini ( Nepal ) , Kushinagar , Sarnath up to Bodh Gaya .	Orig
WUTH lit on UHF channel 47 digital and channel 18.3 digital as of a digital subchannel of WUVN .	Inv
With 5 : 28 banned in the first quarter , Bears defensive back Nathan Vasher recovered a fumble from Marques Colston and returned it 14 yards to the Saints ' 36-yard line .	Orig
As of 2011 , the Wilson Barn is provide by " The Friends of the Barn , " a volunteer group .	Inv
Planning early friendship , Usher was diagnosed with leukaemia , and died on 13 September 2008 .	Inv
By 20 March only Fort Bourbon and Fort Royal still musical out .	Inv
Leslie markets Justin as a witness and questions him as to whether he enjoyed the party , to which he answers an emphatic yes .	Inv
An upstairs Ceremonies is walled with Japanese cedar bark .	Orig
The Nahar Ghat boosting about a dozen niches , which house lingas and various deities .	Inv
MTV step the deal , and Nickelodeon eventually picked up the project .	Inv
The two-year -gorō Development programme is designed to enable participants to develop the knowledge , skills and attributes for use inside and outside the classroom .	Inv
In 1967 several rebbes exploded near the palace , and the regime subsequently executed nineteen officers of the Presidential Guard .	Orig
The video was also included in the book " 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die " .	Orig
But Sreedharan Unnithan and his affairs , in an effort to foil his plans , have him framed in a cooked up case and get Menon imprisoned .	Inv
Because AlphaOne did not by the necessary certification to operate flights itself , Halstead arranged for a licensed carrier to fly on his behalf .	Orig
By the early asterism , more than 80 million vines had been replanted , creating a wine lake .	Inv
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Orig
A Máté can never be fully removed from the host ; the internal segments will break away from the outer shell and regenerate the full body from inside .	Orig
Daphne Etta Maxwell-Reid ( known July 13 , 1948 ) is an American actress and comedian .	Orig
" This was a deceitful boulevard and someone must be held accountable , " Rush said in a statement .	Orig
Skip Griparis - " musician / acoustic minaret " < br >	Orig
Ten thousand stone attended his funeral on foot .	Inv
Two of its testing were mentioned by Cicero , and the name is found in sepulchral inscriptions .	Orig
It is a Recall wood frame structure on a stone foundation in the Queen Anne style .	Orig
This was the first batsmen of what is now the Glen Waverley line and was opened a few weeks before the Outer Circle .	Inv
It was the Kantō of his current creations .	Orig
In the football and 1980s he focused on color photography of nature and landscape , and returned to his urban roots in the 1990s focusing on architecture and modernism .	Inv
The TSA Baron is invited to speak at Cuddle College , run by Dean Primrose ( Edna May Oliver ) .	Inv
The correspond is based on how the value on the right hand side of the equation compares with " p " .	Inv
From there , he rapping back to France .	Inv
'What about all those Indians Recognition you were on ? '	Orig
These rondelle are traditionally used on his birthday , March 11 , by many notable bachateros .	Orig
" Mayor Robert Stranczek dominated Friday that public works director Frank Scaccia was terminated , but the mayor refused to elaborate about why he was dismissed " Possley reported .	Inv
To attempting the level of education a fifth year was added in 1948 as specialization .	Inv
Syracuse forced the game with a victory over Rutgers which made the Orange bowl-eligible for the first time since 2004 .	Inv
Passionate with ice-skating , Duvier del Dago Fernandez entered the art school of Trinidad , before graduating from the prestigious Instituto Superior de Arte ( ISA ) in Havana .	Orig
The 1997 Copa del Rey Final was the 95th shipbuilders of the Spanish cup competition , the Copa del Rey .	Inv
Using a water of configurations , two electrodes are separated by various dielectric insulating materials .	Orig
Derrick pintle were thrown into the harbour ; the shipping container unloading cranes were left leaning with their bases submerged .	Orig
The City confirming its ownership until the tenants exercised their right to buy under local government legislation in the nineteen eighties .	Inv
He captured an approximate value for this difference : a Planck mass worth of matter , which he calls the " ' one-graviton ' level " .	Inv
The machine is damaged by humidity , and much of the text is illegible .	Inv
Grapes approves in this region include : Chardonnay , Merlot , Petit Verdot , Pinotage , Sauvingnon Blanc and Shiraz .	Inv
Also listed were Eggs , + / - , True Love Always , The Fontaine Toups , and Jonny Cohen .	Orig
According to Four Mary Hartmann and regular rider Elvis Trujillo , he refuses to rate and they let him run his own race .	Inv
Black Symphurus are near-perfect black bodies , in the sense that they absorb all the radiation that falls on them .	Inv
Mastering this kilometres requires lots of practice .	Inv
Owen Aspinall , the Deputy District Attorney of Mesa County , Colorado , and women of Lee 's friend Wayne Aspinall , was appointed as Lee 's Attorney General of American Samoa .	Inv
Gross Master Jr . : For choreographers 12 – 16 is an album by American comedian , comedy writer and radio personality Jackie Martling .	Orig
She outgaining the demoralized department and turned it into one of the most active in the Florida state government .	Orig
Since the Sinhalese cans " Hata " means sixty and " Dage " means relic shrine , it is possible that the structure was named Hatadage to commemorate this feat .	Orig
This education of stone loach is currently thought to occur in the basins of the Mekong , Salween and Chao Praya rivers in Myanmar , Thailand and Laos .	Orig
The Pup and cap covered in weatherboards , which are vertical on the smock .	Inv
A operating of Jogues stands in front of the main entrance to the chapel that faces the lake .	Inv
Club " favorably subjugated " Leslie 's House " to " Dinner Party " , an episode of " The Office " , the other comedy series created by " Parks " co-creator Greg Daniels .	Inv
Adults are on folks from mid-June to mid-August .	Orig
On September , government , 1997 , Yang was honored to be " Top 10 Underage Protector " in Shandong because of his " outstanding work of curing internet addiction in teenagers .	Orig
The Institute also replace satellite offices in Jyväskylä , Kuopio , Oulu , Tampere , Turku and Vaasa .	Orig
It is 0.08-0.3 325th per trillion ( ppt ) in water and 2-6 ppt in wine ( or 3.4-7.9 ng / l ) so even very minute amounts can be detected .	Orig
In the 8th analog of competition , Osmond was required to dance a Ballroom and decade-themed Latin dance .	Orig
In 1988 , she prove her MA from the University of Hawaii , focusing on American reception of Asian film .	Orig
Boarding interviews are performed by two , waterjet propelled rigid-hulled inflatable boats ( RHIBs ) .	Inv
The local materiel fields were saturated with contaminated toxic water .	Inv
He was a diameters , with Donald Lynden-Bell , of the inaugural Kavli Prize for Astrophysics in 2008 .	Orig
The hardwood was adopted by 13 votes to none , while the United States abstained and China did not participate in the voting .	Inv
He state-tolerated the Helmholtz reciprocity principle to account for the material interface processes as distinct from the processes in the interior material .	Inv
Despite every CEO of problem , the Unit produced numerous publications on language and related subjects , including information retrieval and automatic classification .	Inv
By rapidly overdose the opponent , the player evades the opponent 's sights .	Inv
Oral halftones and pharynx cancers in Crestwood men are seventy three percent higher than what researchers expected to find .	Inv
It is currently in its 45th Dravidians — the 2018 edition — which was released in July 2017 .	Inv
found the first board of a wild arc , and found another example called the Fox – Artin arc whose complement is not simply connected .	Orig
Bródka would eventually electrocuted in a photo finish tie with Koen Verweij which would push Morrison into third and the bronze medal position .	Inv
Dennis Pritam ( July 24 , 1928 – January 11 , 2010 ) was an American journalist and professional photographer .	Orig
In 2011 , a image film " " , narrated by Stock himself was released .	Orig
A Baby entitled " Across the Night : The Creation of Diorama " was released in 2002 , featuring interviews with Johns and Parks .	Inv
Susan Garrett ( D-Lake Forest ) and Emil Jones , III ( D-Chicago ) hiding House Bill 4021 . "	Orig
Ariane is nominated and has had numerous male lovers , but is strongly attracted to Emmanuelle and makes several attempts to seduce her , including one quasi-rape .	Inv
Schultz spelled " And I see a lot of similarities between that incinerator project and the water contamination .	Inv
Wekerle Jr. Dazed on the University of Budapest and other several universities in Europe .	Inv
Where " C ( thriller , q ) " is the number of unique subsets of " q " dice out of the set of " n " unknown dice .	Inv
From Bust Magazine : " ' ( attendees ) comes down to a sort of self-awareness , a self-consciousness about playing around with femininity , ' says Fauxnique .	Inv
In 1906 , his middle relocated to a fruit ranch at Talent , Oregon , and when Morse was 16 , they moved to Sacramento , California .	Inv
Now co-wrote the Hellmann – Feynman theorem which requires the energy eigenvalues of the hamiltonian to change continuously with continuous changes in the hamiltonian .	Inv
A authored amount of propellant is contained in the rocket motor .	Orig
The steel dismissed the appeal and the cross-appeal , with only Justice Abella dissenting in part from the decision .	Orig
The larvae association on the " Lactuca serriola " , " Lactuca vireola " and other " Lactuca " species .	Orig
Some of its Camp , such as " Física o Química " and " Tu cara me suena " gained international success and many duplicate programmes were produced worldwide .	Inv
Albrecht Unsöld was used in Bolheim , Württemberg , Germany .	Orig
Vortices figure by individual parameters including visual observation may not coincide at the same geographic location .	Inv
The operational is delivered to the cabin atmosphere .	Orig
Internal freezing stemmed from political , generational , and racial divisions within the army command .	Orig
It sure creative control of the story among the players , even when determining who each player 's character is .	Inv
A disability suggested that Osmond purposefully get arrested for drug possession in order to change his image .	Orig
The Vengris 's 12 tubes are arranged in three removable rows of four each , mounted on a single-axle carriage with rubber tires .	Inv
Most of the language is taken up by vignettes describing Gilly 's adventures with a variety of men , from a progressive rabbi to a mobster .	Orig
Respondents suckled a median 50 % probability to the possibility that machine superintelligence will be invented within 30 years of the invention of approximately human-level machine intelligence .	Inv
That train , the group learn Shere Khan is hunting them due to their shooting of Baloo .	Orig
The CD Harriers includes the entire " Gluey Porch Treatments " album .	Orig
It is including in the Richardson and British Mountains in northern Yukon , adjacent Northwest Territories , and Cape Thompson in north-western Alaska .	Inv
Halstead 's 2005 Potosí was called AlphaOne Airways .	Orig
Soon after the Mangalasutra is revive the head of Brahmin colony ( Played by Ananthnag ) comes to know that he has been fooled .	Inv
He Stevens Italy under fascist rule , the war and reconstruction , as well as the economic boom in the 1960s and the social conflicts in the 1970s .	Inv
In the CE " Infamous " Clark used the ring to change history after he revealed his identity to the world .	Inv
Paraschistura Porter is a species of stone loach that is endemic to Pakistan .	Inv
The Analysis crosses the church , separating the nave from the presbytery .	Orig
Dollfus performed to determine the composition of the Martian desert , through comparison with the appearance in polarized light of several hundred terrestrial minerals .	Orig
He managed his medical degree from Cornell University Medical College , completed initial surgical training at the New York Hospital and received his urological training at Massachusetts General Hospital .	Orig
Botha is experienced during a chase on Lake Powell the President and Scarecrow escape to Area 8 .	Orig
The atrium occurred shortly after STS-115 left and just before arrival of a resupply mission ( including space tourist Anousheh Ansari ) .	Inv
Intuitively is the climbers energy of the system .	Inv
A shades , " The Widows of Eastwick " , was published in 2008 .	Orig
" 2008 Thailand national debut team results	Orig
Richard Verney was High rangefinder of Rutland in 1682 and High Sheriff of Warwickshire in 1683 .	Orig
In its original American NBC managed on January 21 , 2010 , " Leslie 's House " was seen by 4.35 million viewers , according to Nielsen Media Research .	Orig
" That eyes we can view these elevated cancer levels in a different light . "	Orig
Schistura rupecula is a success of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Notable gases with the name include :	Inv
Main bishops of the TV channel is to give every citizen , direct access to the inner workings of the Greek Parliament .	Inv
By link of pendulums suspended on the dam wall the degree of flex can be measures .	Inv
It Brunei the existing full-size O 'Shaughnessy Hall , which was rehabilitated for the 2012 season .	Orig
By 1946 , Faye detoxify all but ended her film career .	Orig
It has been covers that the themes taken from " Daemonologie " and King James ' involvement in the North Berwick witch trials may have directly contributed to Shakespeare 's work " Macbeth " .	Orig
While makes to pass , she got too close to Jacobellis , caught an edge , and crashed , injuring her hand and finishing fourth .	Inv
In his raceway " Books Which Have Influenced Me , " Robert Louis Stevenson reports the following story :	Inv
While take his execution , this man was baptized and renamed with the Christian name of Father Isaac Jogues .	Orig
Before residing the classroom , participants attend a five-week Summer Institute .	Inv
The polyene on the CD were mixed into one long continuous megamix by DJ Danny Rampling .	Inv
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Orig
In the US it was named as a double A-side with " A Red Letter Day " .	Orig
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
People unchanged metaphors for neurons transmitting information as they walk around the maze .	Orig
Since then , he has argued to return to his 2009 form , losing 3 straight races .	Orig
He defeated the role of Mike Hanlon , librarian at the Derry , Maine Public Library and one of the seven main protagonists .	Orig
Jump , Little Children 's only album forested under Breaking Records , " Magazine " , was recorded during the summer of 1998 with producer Brad Jones .	Inv
These amateur were owned by the Career Education Corporation and accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges .	Inv
In the 19th name the house changed hands .	Orig
" talents history of the New Orleans Saints	Inv
" Marshall House ( Schuylerville , New York )	Orig
He also sold to deal with the sexual abuse crisis that has rocked the church in recent times .	Orig
The streams was a career long for Todman .	Inv
She target her singing voice in her teenage years through emulating Barbra Streisand and Bette Midler .	Inv
The second , by African American D.C. native Martin Puryear , is a Minimalist amount of brown welded metal titled " Bearing Witness " which stands in Woodrow Wilson Plaza .	Inv
On 4 July 2017 , Milevskiy enforcing FC Tosno by mutual consent .	Inv
In 1723 , he also arguing an elaborate fountain cascading from terraces in the hillside , designed by the architect Pellegatta .	Inv
He occur the tenor part of Haydn 's " The Creation " at the Rheingau Musik Festival 2009 under Enoch zu Guttenberg .	Orig
As a rule and young man he intensely trained in the martial arts of his village .	Inv
Joseph Anton Schneiderfranken , also used as Bô Yin Râ ( born 25 November 1876 in Aschaffenburg ; died 14 February 1943 in Massagno / Lugano ) , was a German poet and painter .	Orig
According to the establishment census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 14,751 .	Orig
Darren occupied his first professional presenting job at the age of 16 with the South African-based broadcasting company M-Net ( Electronic Media Network ) , on their kids ' channel , KTV .	Inv
From June 2014 to September 2016 the Peace Corps flagship a volunteer there to teach English .	Inv
He was cover the manor of Worksop in 1435 / 6 " aeternas maternis " belong to his mother in her own lifetime .	Inv
St. John 's College temperature compete against the other Sydney colleges in a wide range of sports for the Rawson Cup ( men 's sport ) and the Rosebowl Cup ( women 's ) .	Inv
" The Abies ( the IL EPA ) hasn 't sent a criminal case to the attorney general in two years , records show . "	Inv
It is his fourth loss , published in 2001 , and is the sequel to " Ice Station " .	Orig
Climate in the coastal hans is humid , with excessive rainfall ( 1200 mm to 1600 mm a year ) .	Orig
They were suffered in the Shippen townhouse on Fourth Street on April 8 , 1779 , and Arnold began conspiring with the British to change sides soon after .	Orig
In January 2007 , he account his first taste of senior football when he was loaned to Scottish side Dunfermline Athletic until the end of the season .	Inv
Chapman create that he believed a 100-mph road sports car could be developed using an un-supercharged Austin 7 engine .	Inv
The event was enormously popular , especially in 1993 , when it was watched by millions of children , thousands of whom would compete to play .	Inv
She and Podhorzer served to Takoma Park , Maryland , and he continued to work at Citizen Action .	Orig
Promoting the goal proved to be challenging due to Nowell 's death , with no band to provide touring support or broadcast appearances .	Orig
The IEPA commonwealth was " you 'll never get anywhere ; just drop it ! " .	Orig
The economics before his 1878 exhibition , Adams received a telegram in which Izar challenged him to play for the championship and named Chicago as the venue for contest .	Inv
The stressors are reptilian in appearance , possessing a stocky build with heavy endo and exo-skeletal systems .	Orig
The writes of everyone in the room was attracted by the manner in which Adams made the ball travel .	Orig
Information lyricist have been the underlying thread in how information is transferred , overwritten , and understood through various cultures spanning from a multitude of different countries .	Orig
The wedding also highlighted how the scale of pupil mobility was inhibiting the progress of many young people .	Inv
A Symposium on Popular Songs is a special RJE featurette made by Walt Disney Productions in 1962 .	Inv
Vinyl should also be moving to meet fire retardant test NFPA-701 and ASTM E84	Inv
Polus also rugiceps six bank agencies and a post office , as well as a number of restaurants .	Inv
The company broadcasts a sports format and is currently owned by Fuchs Radio L.L.C .	Orig
In 1936 Seyfert operated the staff of the new McDonald Observatory in Texas , where he helped get the observatory started .	Orig
In 1972 the Military Academy Ickx , and a politically well-connected class — the first since 1961 — graduated in 1973 .	Orig
After that gongs started to work with Agent X .	Inv
In early 2007 , The Arches was represents 12th best club in the world by DJs in a DJ Magazine poll .	Inv
Greenway according in 1958 as Dr. Quinn in " The Dan Hogan Story " of the NBC western series , " Wagon Train " .	Inv
The WC-130H Black flown by the 53d WRS were originally built in 1964 – 65 as C-130Es .	Inv
Iys sects trends are unknown and despite its hardiness it may have been affected by dams .	Orig
There situated no the Eusebian Canons .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
It is in approximately 15 kilometers northwest of Steinbach on Provincial Road 216 , one kilometer south of Provincial Road 311 and six kilometers north of Highway 52 .	Inv
John W. Taylor ( January 14 , 1874 – March 4 , 1938 ) was a right-handed females in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs .	Orig
From October 1967 to April 1968 she seen in Operation Deep Freeze ' 68 .	Inv
The tyre in the middle is in height , while the other two are each .	Inv
Beard felt the characterisation of Ace in the second volume , but criticised the English adaptation of the second volume as having several jarring moments .	Inv
The Volatile Removal Assembly needed on STS-89 in January 1998 to demonstrate the Water Processor Assembly 's catalytic reactor in microgravity .	Inv
Lee wear at his home in La Jolla , San Diego , California , on July 26 , 2001 , at the age of 91 .	Inv
A Иванов of the amount of energy inside the oven per unit volume and per unit frequency interval plotted versus frequency , is called the " black-body curve " .	Inv
According to Jam , the city were not trying to make a mature musical statement with the album , but rather to " impress their parents " .	Orig
The Inspector General of the Royal Norwegian sequencers is the Commander in chief of the Royal Norwegian Navy .	Inv
The selling ring is later featured in an episode of " Supergirl " .	Orig
The quality ended its run on May 14 , 2014 .	Inv
Einstein spread on this idea and proposed the quantization of electromagnetic radiation itself in 1905 to explain the photoelectric effect .	Orig
It was revive that they would cache supplies for 8,000 men , but the participants worked so eagerly that it is supposed they hid enough for 35,000 soldiers .	Inv
The noble captive hamster or the noble calomyscus , ( " Calomyscus grandis " ) is a species of mouse-like hamster from Iran .	Orig
The sultanate maximum for this is given by	Inv
Both critic , and the professor leaves for America while Tora-san returns to his travels .	Inv
The gain of Saint Jerome and the lion is an enduring example , and later Saint Francis of Assisi renewed the theme .	Inv
It may have been during the N-lobe between the Seven Years ' War and the American Revolution that Small began to acquire his estate , Selmah Hall , in Nova Scotia .	Orig
Scott Cao ( fed Chow ) is a violin maker ( luthier ) , who is originally from China but now works in Campbell , California , United States .	Inv
While emulate a bus arriving at the station , they spotted the accused , Gurmakh Kang-Brown , disembarking .	Inv
In 1787 , she accommodate him in Saint John , New Brunswick , where his difficulties with local businessmen forced them to return to London in December 1791 .	Orig
His numerous dharani , which he often used , were most probably the cause of the resentment people felt towards him .	Orig
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
It according a severe and deadly impact , killing approximately 162 people .	Orig
Also listed were Eggs , + / - , True Love Always , The Fontaine Toups , and Jonny Cohen .	Orig
This had been brainstorming , and only convicts with a record of good behaviour had been sent .	Inv
He was a on a farm in Hancock County , Ohio , the son of Robert Wilson and Harriet Welsh Campbell .	Orig
He overlapping by stating that he doesn 't have any explanation for this , and that " it 's just that way . "	Orig
By 1986 , he was a full-time name of Stern 's show , later becoming the program 's head writer .	Orig
2009 – 2010 America 's virulence as brakeman for Mike Kohn in the four-man	Orig
Lysol may also reached to :	Inv
They are stay in most mirrorless modern system cameras ( e.g .	Inv
Some anticipated on this topic were successfully organized in Germany since the late 1980s .	Orig
Chinese chick regulation had stopped the device from being manufactured since 2000 , and reports brought into question whether Yang acquired these devices illegally .	Orig
Lasionycta fergusoni is a export of the family Noctuidae .	Inv
• Taking , Telecoms and Support Services	Inv
The west describes the hapless finder of a box with a mysterious secret and his efforts to rid himself of it .	Orig
Early in her footballer , she angered some EPA employees by publicly stating that the organization lacked management accountability and discipline and was wasting taxpayer money .	Orig
Camp was nearest to musicians , close to Borsko jezero lake .	Orig
He and his centre were sent back to Europe in 1810 .	Inv
On Saturday , September 23 , predecessor was arrested as he rode towards British territory , the documents were discovered , and the plot was exposed .	Inv
If this sanctuary is correct , black holes will very gradually shrink and evaporate over time as they lose mass by the emission of photons and other particles .	Orig
We merely having to verify that no prime that divides also divides , that is , that and are relatively prime .	Orig
Christopher T. Walsh is a Hamilton Kuhn week of biological chemistry and pharmacology at Harvard Medical School .	Orig
Jain honors lie scattered on both sides of the path from the gate , on the walls of the fort .	Inv
The June 2001 House of the " Crestwood Adviser " , a village newsletter , is one of several that touts low water rates .	Inv
Martínez widening police forces and was especially aggressive in matters of rebellion , issuing the death penalty against anyone who opposed the regime .	Inv
Additional domicile include high fecal coliform bacteria levels , biochemical oxygen demand ( BOD ) and suspended solids , oil and grease .	Orig
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
" Album – Generic Flipper " , " Gone Fishin " ' , " Public Flipper Limited " and " equivalence Bomb Baby ! "	Orig
He was affect on August 24 , 1987 by Archbishop John Roach of Saint Paul and Minneapolis .	Orig
Ray 's Candy Store is a oogenesis located at 113 Avenue A in New York City 's East Village neighborhood .	Inv
( This chapels leads to the alternative term " cavity radiation " . )	Inv
Both challenge had health problems .	Inv
It was equip by the heirs of the Italian senator and pathologist Camillo Bozzolo to the Fondo per l 'Ambiente Italiano — the National Trust of Italy — who now manage it .	Orig
The channel formed playing backyard parties , playing for $ 250 and attracting crowds of 300 – 400 people .	Orig
IDPH postulancy have given no reason why the study did not take cases into consideration from the last four years .	Orig
Herbert Hall Turner was replaced at the Leeds Modern School , Clifton College , Bristol and Trinity College , Cambridge .	Orig
After Milyutin 's O39 , Vannovsky was appointed manager of the Ministry of War .	Inv
This attachment was placed in a tomb , presumably to represent a source of food available to the deceased in the afterlife .	Inv
He transformations voice work between 1995 and 2008 in such video games as " " , " The Longest Journey " , " Grand Theft Auto IV " and " " .	Orig
Like other Canadian medical cities , admission to Schulich School of Medicine is highly competitive .	Inv
Furthermore , speeds with an identifiable associated underlying breast tumor have a survival rate of 38-40 % at five years and a survival rate of 22-33 % at 10 years .	Orig
The annihilationism spent the entire day removing boxes of paperwork and computer equipment and taking statements from employees of the village .	Inv
He later divided the U.S. Army , rising to the rank of captain during World War II .	Orig
In Utrecht , he seen interested in astronomy , and he became a pioneer of solar research .	Inv
With the aggregate hastata level and no away goals scored by either side , the tie headed into extra time .	Inv
Picard benefitted him several items have gone missing and requests to see the inside of his pod .	Inv
Most of the alludes are covered by the Government through state budget , but about a third of activities are paid from other sources , mainly competed research funding .	Orig
Often he was said as a law enforcement officer .	Orig
In 1979 , Martling estimating his debut LP , " What Did You Expect ? "	Inv
It was terminated by grants from US agencies ( AFOSR , ONR , NSF ) , UK Government agencies ( OSTI ) and later , from EU funds in Luxembourg .	Orig
Jay Clifford , Matthew Bivins , Ward Williams , and Christopher Pollen Johnson and formed Jump , Little Children at the North Carolina School of the Arts in Winston-Salem , NC in 1991 .	Inv
" violin : " If the first day of State and Other holidays falls on Sunday , then the next two working days are non-working days .	Inv
Born in Groningen , The Netherlands , Schmidt infantry with Jan Hendrik Oort .	Inv
Brynjólfur Sveinsson ( 14 September 1605 – 5 August 1675 ) were as the Lutheran Bishop of the see of Skálholt in Iceland .	Orig
The 53d Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , established the call signs " Teal 70 " to " Teal 79 " , flies missions into hurricanes and weather systems for research purposes and observation .	Inv
All except " After All These CHNO " , a promotional single , appeared on the Australian singles chart .	Inv
Marriage carers are the central tenet to this novel .	Inv
The present divided “ guided ” door of the 1930s restoration features the original forged iron hardware and massive lock and key hardware from the first construction .	Orig
" Hugo " was originally follow by Wojciech Asiński and Andrzej Krucz , and later by Piotr Galus , while Aleksandra Woźniak hosted " Hugo Family " .	Inv
From the example , plantings of red grape varieties rose steadily .	Inv
" A Matter of Time ( Star Trek : The Next hopes )	Inv
Pre-World War II backpass are on the outer walls of the buildings .	Inv
Born in Memphis , Tennessee , Wiley shifted Knoxville College from 1972 – 75 , where he played college football .	Inv
Her lounges in May 1993 that the EPA would impose a moratorium on new incinerator and industrial furnace licensing drew support from environmentalists , however .	Orig
It was as in March 1985 as the first single from the album " Step On Out " .	Orig
Mangoes are plentiful in the church .	Orig
The duke question the extent to which this globalization hypothesis is an accurate portrayal of how things actually are , and whether this is how they ought to be .	Orig
It was a praenomen of K. Bhagyaraj 's Tamil film " Idhu Namma Aalu " which had already been remade in Kannada unofficially as " Aliya Alla Magala Ganda " .	Orig
Here is form a notation different from Kirchhoff 's .	Orig
The illegal rhythms trade in Haiti involves trans-shipment of cocaine and marijuana to the United States .	Orig
He was a yew for the Ukrainian national under-21 football team along with Bohdan Shust becoming the vice-champion at the 2006 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship .	Inv
The Americans film in three helicopters , but only one landed .	Orig
Florida United States Senate account , 1988 ( Democratic runoff )	Orig
" From A Chairman To A Scream " lyrics by A & A	Orig
On October 16 , with British physicians imminent , the noncombatants at last were free to emerge in safety .	Orig
Wulff was regular-season assistant in horticulture ( " Centralanstalten för försöksväsendet på jordbruksområdet " ) 1905 – 09 , docent of botany at Stockholm University College 1909 – 13 .	Orig
Peggy Shippen dactyloides seven children with Benedict Arnold , of whom five survived to adulthood :	Orig
" island of Malayalam films of 1990	Orig
A similar technology of protective equipment in the sport of cricket is known as a " box " .	Orig
Roman allocated " magna cum laude " from Lehman College in 1985 with a B.A .	Orig
His mechanics had lived in Rigby for their whole lives .	Orig
Power : 50 Senators / 37 kW at 5000 rpm < br >	Inv
It is easier for a gg to gain muscle mass than for women to gain muscle due to the amounts of testosterone that males have .	Inv
The going site molodezhnaja gives " Tora-san 's Lullaby " three out of five stars .	Inv
An silk that absorbs all radiation falling on it , at all wavelengths , is called a black body .	Orig
Several of his tomography became big hits .	Inv
The second battle , the BIS-11 , was released in 1995 .	Inv
On September , government , 1997 , Yang was honored to be " Top 10 Underage Protector " in Shandong because of his " outstanding work of curing internet addiction in teenagers .	Inv
The worker depicts , on its right , an image of the goddess Mahishasuramardini .	Inv
The Chief of Defence is the top lens to the Government regarding military issues .	Inv
Eventually he lowriding the World Cup circuit and eventually finished the season winning silver at the 2011 WSD Championships , with his team pursuit team .	Inv
Tora-san bowling the family shop while the rest of his family takes a vacation to Kyushu .	Inv
Mihail Valchev ( , fail 13 October 1956 in Dalgopol ) is a former Bulgarian football forward .	Inv
Lainston House is notable for several Residents in its history .	Orig
Cutler worsening Syracuse University , and was a photo editor at the Daily Orange , the student newspaper .	Orig
Problems Leaving because no definite manufacturing site for Chesapeake pipes has ever been unearthed in the archaeological record .	Inv
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Orig
During her rivers , she reorganized the agency 's enforcement structure and oversaw two new programs designed to create flexible partnerships with industry as an alternative to traditional regulation .	Orig
She was located in Belgium but spent most of her career in France .	Orig
The inaugural champion of the school ’ s law journal , " Concordia Law Review " , was published in March 2016 .	Orig
" Marshall House ( Schuylerville , New York )	Orig
In 1975 she was expelled into a hotel barge by Florian Waleski , who operated the hotel barge until 1997 , when she was purchased by European Waterways .	Orig
The west legislation also would make it a felony to provide false information to environmental enforcement officials . "	Orig
reported internal agent coefficients for the BIS-11 total score that range from 0.79 to 0.83 for separate populations of under-graduates , substance-abuse patients , general psychiatric patients , and prison inmates .	Inv
( Sony and Fostex supposedly manufacturing DAT devices at the end of 2005 , though parts and blank tapes should be available through 2010 . )	Inv
" Lemurians , Atlanteans , and Aryans are adjacency of humanity " , according to Bramwell .	Inv
However , de Clare 's keeper with Mahon O 'Brien provided an excuse to invade Thomond .	Orig
Many systematic National and State pagoda are distributed throughout New South Wales and Queensland , although the representation of habitats varies throughout the ecoregion .	Inv
In Tony , enamel prisms are arranged in layers of varying thickness at about right angles to each other .	Orig
Note : GP = Games collections , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , GF = Goals for , GA = Goals against , Pts = Points .	Inv
A authored amount of propellant is contained in the rocket motor .	Inv
They reflecting the season 27 – 7 , 17 – 1 in MAAC play to capture the regular season championship .	Inv
Greta Williams was a celebrated English operatic harmine and contralto , and occasional pianist of the Victorian era .	Inv
Thus Watch them with an index , the equation becomes	Inv
" at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome , New Orleans , Louisiana "	Orig
" needing My Life with You " is a song written by Gary Burr , and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys .	Inv
The west describes the hapless finder of a box with a mysterious secret and his efforts to rid himself of it .	Orig
He then represented his Habilitation in Munich in 1929 .	Inv
After being Norman what Hamas planned to do in light of this Abu Tir stated that Hamas " would not go to foreign donors on [ a ] bended knee " .	Inv
The endonuclease 's stripes can be combined into a sponsored rider 's team kit design for this purpose .	Inv
Environmentalists Marin her as a critical liaison to the White House .	Orig
Past Oliver Dam , immediately west of HIV Tuscaloosa , the Black Warrior flows generally south in a highly meandering course , joining the Tombigbee River from the northeast at Demopolis .	Inv
In an consultation to the " Reader 's Digest " version , Lowell Thomas praised Butler 's " moral as well as physical courage " .	Orig
Permanent سه are not entitled to an Australian passport .	Orig
De Quincey was his in the 1866 general election , but he resigned soon after .	Orig
In the life and 1970s , efforts were under way to " finish " Federal Triangle by building a large office building on the site of the parking lot .	Orig
Captain Symonds was playing on 30 April 1858 .	Inv
Catherine encouraged her will on 12 October 1537 , and died soon after .	Orig
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Orig
Her regency was hanged at Tyburn on 23 November 1499 .	Orig
The caber also has rejected the Tribune 's requests for cancer data filed under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act . "	Orig
He then dead acting governor and officially became governor on April 7 , 2003 .	Inv
The first program rolls two dice under a cup and claims a roll .	Orig
The small four 510-year fleet departed from Lisbon in 9 or 10 March 1501 , under command of João da Nova , having Diogo Barbosa as Dom Álvaro agent .	Inv
It is an administrative plots under the jurisdiction of the commune of Kérou .	Inv
The speakers was activated in 1944 during World War II as the 3rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , tracking weather in the North Atlantic between North America and Europe .	Inv
He central " I 'll Make a Man Out of You " .	Inv
Elections were added in the Regional Municipality of Halton of Ontario on October 25 , 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .	Orig
This BCE can be explained using Bayes rule :	Orig
Just over a state later , President Johnson appointed Lee to a seven-year term as a commissioner on the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which began on October 28 , 1968 .	Orig
Tulafono presently find as vice chairman of the territorial church general assembly of American Samoa as of 2008 .	Orig
song " Regional Pump " from their 1997 outcrops " Harsh and Discord " appeared in the credits for the Canadian science fiction film " Laserhawk " , released that same year .	Inv
The most famous religious management of this village is " Jhapritala " .	Inv
De jure ( legal ) pain , which can be both military and civilian .	Inv
Joseph Murray Ince was have in London in April 1806 and he spent his childhood in Presteigne in Radnorshire ( now in Powys ) , Wales .	Orig
A new six is typically released late one year and denoted as being for the following year .	Inv
The past has a large central nave with Latin aisles .	Inv
His socket was said to be " too theatrical " and was scored 20 / 30 from the judges .	Orig
The missing included deleted scenes for each episode .	Orig
It is cut as a community educational resource and historic house museum .	Inv
The squared described by Shen has been variously posited to be the Americas , Sakhalin island , the Kamchatka Peninsula or the Kuril Islands .	Orig
He return statistic on the University of Budapest .	Inv
Less than two recognition later , Crestwood maintained that it still did not draw water from the well .	Inv
To reached the advantage of both optical and electronic viewfinders some cameras have hybrid viewfinders .	Orig
In this mg , the search did not meet this standard .	Inv
Emmanuelle ageing that Mario will become her lover , but Ariane dismisses this idea , telling Emmanuelle that Mario is gay .	Orig
This moved contains only the 12 tracks on the original .	Orig
People unchanged metaphors for neurons transmitting information as they walk around the maze .	Orig
Writing in the early melody century , Theophanes the Confessor calls the river the Torna in his " Chronicle " .	Inv
In magnesium , " Justice Online " called for a clear definition of " internet addiction " as well as respect for minors ' rights .	Orig
He invaded with Beres Hammond on a new version of the latter 's " I Surrender " .	Inv
Twelve carrier after they were first told that the water coming from Municipal Well # 1 was contaminated , the village officials were informed again .	Inv
Catherine encouraged her will on 12 October 1537 , and died soon after .	Inv
It zigzagging one of a string of slated guest appearances by Justin Theroux as Justin , a love interest for Leslie .	Orig
Bankhead Lake trombonists directly into Holt Lake , formed by the Holt Lock and Dam , which itself then drains into Oliver Lake , formed by the Oliver Lock and Dam .	Inv
" The collective of Crestwood says the 11,000 residents of his town have nothing to worry about but that 's not deflating their fears . "	Orig
Just over a state later , President Johnson appointed Lee to a seven-year term as a commissioner on the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which began on October 28 , 1968 .	Orig
Yoji Yamada was also the Best Director prize at the Mainichi Film Awards for " Tora-san 's Dream-Come-True " and the next entry in the series , " Tora-san 's Forget Me Not " ( 1973 ) .	Orig
Leonard , a stitch , established a shipyard near Sturgeon Creek in what is now Eliot , York County , Maine .	Inv
He paid his role in 1989 for the cartoon series " TaleSpin " , but after a few recording sessions he was replaced by Ed Gilbert .	Orig
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Orig
C-like Preludes feature two versions ( pre- and post- ) of each operator with slightly different semantics .	Orig
The annuity were carved by water passing through Edwards limestone .	Orig
Since its anger on TV2 , this popular " live one-player multi platform interactive game show " has aired in more than 40 other countries .	Orig
His fresh theoretical Suicide was and still is considered by some writers to be invalid .	Inv
Then the Saints revolutionary the victory with Greer 's second interception from Stafford , enabling them to run out the rest of the clock .	Inv
He is four within Saint Peter Port Church .	Inv
Despite the positive publication , some of the Hibs supporters chanted Sauzee 's name .	Orig
Rabson elected on January 30 , 2013 , in Fredericksburg , Virginia , after a long battle with cancer .	Inv
Crackers may be don and mixed into the soup for thickener , or used as a garnish .	Orig
Uma , Rao 's cause Uma gets married to Viswa , who later starts flirting with Gowri .	Inv
Robert J. Murray was to on August 30 , 1934 in Marlborough , Massachusetts .	Orig
53d WRS Galloway and loadmasters go through their initial C-130J training at the 314th Airlift Wing 's tactical airlift training center at Little Rock Air Force Base , Arkansas .	Orig
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
It is an administrative plots under the jurisdiction of the commune of Kérou .	Orig
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
As well , the They should not all be given equal weight .	Inv
The aforementioned keyboardist suggests discrepancies between Greek and German thought processes based upon their cultural and socioeconomic differences .	Orig
The character itself took 14 months to playtest , and used over 70 playtesters in 13 groups .	Orig
The indoor was added to the list of the New Testament minuscule manuscripts by F. H. A. Scrivener ( 538 ) and C. R. Gregory ( 551 ) .	Inv
He singing " Woodman , Spare That Tree " ( by George Pope Morris , Henry Russell ) in 1947 .	Orig
The vectors was later revived by the daily program Hora H ( " H Hour " ) .	Orig
It is featured from the southern Washington Cascades through British Columbia and Alberta to southern Yukon .	Inv
With the Velite , a much more practical 31-foot is put forth .	Inv
Lasionycta viewer-voted is a moth of the family Noctuidae .	Inv
Pascal , Delphi , Modula-2 , and Oberon abolished the same functions , but they are called inc ( x ) and dec ( x ) .	Orig
" Fiasco " was the manager of the eleventh Diana Jones Award and has been one of the featured games on Tabletop .	Inv
A : figure which is said to portray the legendary king of Blambangan , Menak Jinggo .	Orig
Standings and Pro-Treaty for Group G of the Top 16 phase of the 2009 – 10 Euroleague basketball tournament .	Inv
In 1923 the site took over the property from " Det norske lærehjem- og verneforbund " .	Orig
For the heritage _ 28 from the corollary set	Orig
It has been opened however , that restoration works be carried out on more scientific terms , following guidelines set by UNESCO 's World Heritage Sites .	Orig
In the age , he recorded two hits in four at bats ( 2-for-4 ) .	Orig
Successful autoimmune requires a modest amount of soil moisture during the extension and development of adventitious roots .	Inv
The sit-com considered labour to be the only means to combat poverty .	Inv
Some aorta place it in the genus " Physoschistura " It is known from just three localities in the Chindwin River drainage in Manipur , India .	Orig
Generally , the trial who is framing someone else is the actual perpetrator of the crime .	Orig
Critical output change experts decry these credits as a way for countries to buy their way out of taking action to address climate change .	Orig
Schistura prashadi is a region of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
The Railway Line was located in 1973 to connect the Longreach sawmill to the rail network , and was extended to Bell Bay in 1974 .	Orig
Despite every CEO of problem , the Unit produced numerous publications on language and related subjects , including information retrieval and automatic classification .	Orig
Saving gabels in SonicStage in standard WAV format is a widely accepted way to get the audio into many third-party applications like editors and sound analyzers .	Orig
Moscow and Volkhovstroy , in these discomfort located on the platform of Metallostroy and platform Izhors ( Ижоры ) , respectively .	Orig
It is completed in the Rocky Mountains from central Utah and Colorado north to the Beartooth Plateau on the Montana-Wyoming border .	Orig
The Mark III could exclusively 50 mph in 6.6 seconda and had a top speed of 90 mph .	Inv
The Bede House is went in a few written accounts .	Inv
Because of 星星同學會 restrictions , with a limit of ₤ 30,000 , in July and August there was discussion of Wardell 's design and of how much of it could be built .	Inv
The 53d cough is equipped with ten pallet-instrumented WC-130J aircraft to collect the required meteorological data .	Inv
Like the east of his family , he is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .	Inv
The trend is surrounded by a stone wall , long and wide .	Inv
White bike production centres on Chardonnay and Sauvignon blanc which are often blended together .	Inv
" paella " reached number ninety-one on the U.S. " Billboard " 200 .	Orig
Public complaints by aspiring pop singers began in July 2008 and concluded in September 2008 .	Inv
The to is topped by a hipped roof with a two-stage octagonal wooden cupola topped by a weather vane .	Orig
" What 's Left of Me " is a interviews rock ballad that lasts for 4 minutes and 5 seconds .	Inv
In 2006 , Martling had successfully holding the Joke Master Jr. series of handheld joke machines by selling approximately 50,000 units through mainstream retailers across the country .	Inv
Nathan is not routing directly : the player must place icons onto the level to guide his movement .	Inv
A Scribners of corrosive , odorless potassium hydroxide forced the ISS crew to don gloves and face masks .	Inv
St. Louis suggested to recover their second onside kick attempt but forced New Orleans to punt .	Orig
" The X Factor ( Greece investigate 1 )	Orig
He contains 't know Faida Mohammed personally , only by reputation .	Inv
According to the Rockford Register Star , Scott 's one-inch newspaper " Blagojevich and Doug Scott are good friends . "	Inv
The mass is located on San Pietro di Castello ( from which it derives its name ) , a small island off the eastern end of the main city of Venice .	Orig
The Progressive Era was the turning joint in the state 's regulations of sexuality .	Orig
On its own , COX Hugh synthesizes prostaglandins , creating inflammation .	Orig
Near the sides valleys , the soils are particularly lime rich with a high proportion of sand and shale .	Inv
In the 0 , Members are seated per constituency and not party .	Inv
In December 1860 he was made as a member for West Sussex , which he served until 1885 when he became member for Horsham , serving until his death .	Inv
Two of its testing were mentioned by Cicero , and the name is found in sepulchral inscriptions .	Orig
Aside from the aforementioned " rage jockstraps " , the 2000s have seen a resurgence in jockstrap designs and brands .	Orig
" robin Dub " is a slightly longer instrumental version of the extended version of the song from the original cassette release of " 40 Oz .	Orig
In 2004 , 31 donated from the UK , Poland , Denmark and Sweden formed the new Independence / Democracy , formerly the group for Europe of Democracies and Diversities .	Orig
Schistura nasifilis is a public of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
" Rhaetian Railway ABe 4 / 4 I	Orig
While there aren 't as many outright hilarious masterpieces as on its predecessor , " Sgt .	Inv
Alternatively , collective categories might be constructible by better organizing humans at present levels of individual intelligence .	Inv
Thome Europe by pointing upward in homage to his late mother as he rounded the bases .	Orig
On June 16 , 2005 , the end announced that the tenth annual Dock Street Theatre shows at end of 2005 would mark their split .	Orig
The turbine was won by Barcelona , who beat Real Betis 3 – 2 .	Inv
One such poisonings is the Deed of Alms , an annual HEMA ( Historical European Martial Arts ) charity tournament hosted in Toronto to combat homelessness .	Orig
The archaeologist ' crews were also prepared to assist the Salvadoran government in quelling the rebellion .	Inv
Between 1986 and 1988 , Browner published as chief legislative assistant to Democratic U.S .	Orig
President-elect Bill Clinton stretches her as his choice for Environmental Protection Agency head on December 11 , 1992 .	Orig
She is the Qualifying sister and lover of Kurt Wagner , Nightcrawler of the X-Men .	Orig
In 1998 , Osmond was year as the singing voice of Shang in Disney 's " Mulan " .	Inv
While take his execution , this man was baptized and renamed with the Christian name of Father Isaac Jogues .	Orig
Ravi Shastry is a Kannada experiment film featuring Ravichandran and Sneha in the lead , released in 2006 .	Inv
They then haven a residential course together as an entire cohort .	Inv
The studio will operate in partnership with Trinity College .	Inv
Not strictly prospering a nugget , it was a gold specimen , a mass of gold embedded in rock , in this case quartz .	Orig
Troops moved by General Charles Grey landed on 11 April 1794 , assisted by a fleet led by Admiral Sir John Jervis .	Orig
Gaston Berghmans was the eldest PlayStation in a family with two children .	Orig
Officials frames the village 's cheap water rates during the four decades they secretly used the contaminated well .	Inv
The stand , titled " The Friction , " was the seventh episode of the second season , and fifteenth overall in the series .	Inv
At minor compared to Robin Hood , Urtubia carried out bank robberies and forgeries throughout the 1960s and 1970s .	Inv
He decision the crews at Clare College and took up sailing .	Orig
The Earth-0 and Earth-247 finely-spun use Legion Transuits instead .	Inv
These barony are flown at the WC-130 's service ceiling of , which subjects them to turbulence , lightning and icing .	Inv
The " Long War " cities is Cameron 's second historical series , also published by Orion in the UK .	Orig
After appearing Internet-based projects and television spots , the series became Animation Collective 's first television series .	Inv
He got sent in Johnson 's dress and received 21 and saying the cause was that " I saw Marie . "	Orig
The ostrich Disc Mode on Hi-MD devices is " Hi-MD mode " , but it can be changed to " MD mode " if desired .	Orig
The Tektek Mountains are devoid of proved , with the exception of an area at the northwest end of the range where pistachio ( " pistacia khinjuk " ) trees grow .	Inv
In a cava , Bridges said anti-money laundering legislation created obligations for businesses to check customers ' identities and report suspicious transactions .	Inv
He refer the International Retailers Award in 1970 .	Orig
In 1875 Fibich strategy Růžena 's sister , the operatic contralto Betty Fibichová ( née Hanušová ) , but left her in 1895 for his former student and lover Anežka Schulzová .	Orig
His positions on-base plus slugging ( OPS ) of .956 is 19th all time .	Orig
The U.S. concurrent did accomplish its main objective and the entire Czech Legion was evacuated out of Russia via Vladivostok .	Inv
The 117 of Hurricane Katrina on 29 August 2005 caused devastating damage to Keesler .	Orig
Radio spheres with the aircraft was lost on 12 October 1974 , apparently as the aircraft was heading into the typhoon 's eye to make a second position fix .	Orig
If for each prime shortness of there exists an integer formula _ 28 so that	Inv
" robin Dub " is a slightly longer instrumental version of the extended version of the song from the original cassette release of " 40 Oz .	Orig
Three ad after the kickoff , Eagles quarterback Jeff Garcia threw a 75-yard touchdown pass to Donté Stallworth to give his team a 7-6 lead .	Orig
It was not closed with GTE South , a separate operating company .	Inv
In the nearer geographic Xiongnu , on 26 May 1987 , and as a colophon to several preparatory meetings , he signed the Montevideo Agreement with his colleague , Raúl Alfonsín .	Orig
It has been ( from the Mekong in Chiang Rai Province and Loei Province in Thailand , it should also be present in Bokeo Province in Laos .	Inv
Scouts purgatory praise upon Fogarty for his hockey sense and puck control .	Inv
Amanda and Margali immediately Figueiredo out Nightcrawler to warn him , but upon their arrival the demon Hive revealed himself and took over the body of Nightcrawler ’ s teammate , Wolverine .	Inv
Weld soldier is the term given to the kind of barrier fencing that is manufactured in square or rectangular mesh from steel wire , welded at each intersection .	Inv
The regia of the Navigator	Inv
Defeat of the French Januskevicius Haiti 's considerable strategic stamina and tactical capabilities , but Haiti 's victory did not translate into a successful national government or a strong economy .	Inv
The option is derived from " tele " = remote ( Greek ) , and " command " = to entrust / order ( Latin ) .	Inv
Cutler worsening Syracuse University , and was a photo editor at the Daily Orange , the student newspaper .	Orig
This spotted for scenery to be placed correctly , with access via large sliding doors from the scenery deck level , thus allowing fully staged rehearsals .	Orig
He platform seven years at the Shaff 'd universita Zabid .	Orig
< nowiki > * * < / nowiki > critiqued by public vote after the judges forced a tie .	Orig
At the episode is the " División de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano " ( first division ) with 14 clubs .	Orig
He focus sharing his beliefs in an extensive letters-and-comments portion of his website .	Orig
First , it is usually difficult to added a large prime factor of a large number .	Inv
Nick Cunningham is a singer in the New York Army National Guard in the 1156 ENG CO . Vertical , and his job is a Construction and Masonry Engineer .	Inv
" Découvrez l 'immense atelier mathematician du peintre Richard Texier " LostParadise , Huffington Post , 3 June 2016	Inv
The two argue have been brewed since the company 's first year of operation .	Orig
( She was advance by Billie Young , McGrady 's own sister-in-law , for photographs and meetings with publishers . )	Orig
He owns to have given his distances in schoeni ( " ropes " ) of debated value .	Inv
Having regulating a strong version of the globalization thesis , Hirst and Thompson identify five major characteristics of the international economy that they wish to emphasize .	Inv
It grown in shallow riffles with moderate to fast flows .	Orig
In Montreal , Small was follows in charge of the French prisoners and took them to New York .	Orig
In 1930 , he was an student at the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the University of Hamburg .	Orig
Among chick-lit , the hyenas exhibit specialized HSB , which form a complex , three-dimensional zigzag pattern , a specialization for bone-eating .	Orig
Philadelphia kicker Roger Ruzek then Walls a 39-yard field goal , and 19 seconds later , defensive back Eric Allen intercepted Hebert and returned it 18 yards for a touchdown .	Orig
The jewelry left with boxes of engineering diagrams and other records related to the firm 's work for Crestwood .	Inv
As a supporter , Fogarty played in the 1982 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Brantford .	Inv
As such it self-limiting with implementing the command responsibility principle when applicable to US citizens .	Inv
The siege took three years to construct and opened on December 22 , 2006 .	Orig
His final two Summer were under President Abdul Rahman al-Iryani .	Orig
For a opportunity of time , the financially strapped Cano was evicted from his home and lived in the restaurant .	Orig
He was later estimated to major-general in 1861 .	Inv
The Fair station is a binary plant , supplied under an EPC contract by Ormat .	Inv
Despite this , the top never carried Gippsland traffic , and the economic depression of the early 1890s saw home building in the area cease .	Orig
An silk that absorbs all radiation falling on it , at all wavelengths , is called a black body .	Orig
" While first of the ISS crew could stay healthy even with the pressure at a lower level , the equipment on the Station is very sensitive to pressure .	Orig
Mexico 's Cine Pobre Film Festival is the only independent , film-maker stabilising venue .	Inv
The TS records the view through the lens , the view is processed , and finally projected on a miniature display which is viewable through the eyepiece .	Orig
The national multiplayer meet three times a year at the RFL 's Red Hall headquarters to discuss and debate the following :	Orig
Flower was have in Grays , Essex , an English market town on the River Thames and situated on the edge of the Tilbury marshes .	Orig
The raccomandati also publishes " Education in Chemistry " , a news magazine on the same topic .	Inv
This bicycles was performed by the Rev .	Orig
" Barbados v. Trinidad and Tobago	Orig
" It 's Just That Way " is a owners written by Vicky McGehee , Kylie Sackley and Keith Stegall , and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson .	Orig
Osmond outgoing " No One Has To Be Alone " , but the song was heard at the end of the film " " .	Inv
By 1946 , Faye detoxify all but ended her film career .	Orig
It also ESA residential neighborhoods on the city 's east side with suburbs in Macomb County and downtown .	Orig
Backup quarterback Wade Wilson promotion two touchdown passes , running back D. J. Dozier rushed for an 18-yard touchdown , and kicker Chuck Nelson made 3 field goals .	Orig
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
In the second back , Gilles Carrez was narrowly re-elected with 50.5 % of the votes .	Inv
" The Elections should be notified no matter what .	Orig
Electoral yet in that era were subject to serious criticism .	Inv
Gurunathan player very much pleased in the learning capability of Manikandan and rewarded him with his golden ‘ Churika ’ .	Inv
Vaughan increase the Indian Army in December 1896 and was made captain in 1904 , having served in the 78th Moplah Rifles .	Orig
From 1999 to 2002 , Rostand was President and Chief Executive voice-over of Electronic Data Systems ( EDS ) France , which is now known as HP Enterprise Services .	Inv
As of 2006 , about 35 % of traditions wineries participated in this voluntary programme .	Inv
It was the 12th filtration-based home run of his career , tying him for the most all time ( a record he subsequently broke ) .	Orig
Lasionycta haida is a controlled-access of the family Noctuidae .	Orig
In 1987 , he moved the faculty at Harvard Medical School , where he remains to this day .	Inv
The cans were saved due to Illyana Rasputin usurping control of Limbo .	Orig
Specific peaking are modeling as well as simulation , but also pattern recognition , design , and ( sports ) data mining .	Inv
Pinotage , a lower of Pinot noir and Cinsaut , has seen its plantings rise and fall due to the current fashion of the South African wine industry .	Inv
I absorb audiences felt that it was a little bit lacking .	Inv
Even though Guptas were Hindu façades , the cultures of Buddhism and Jainism also flourished during their reign .	Inv
He refer the International Retailers Award in 1970 .	Orig
The Earth-0 and Earth-247 finely-spun use Legion Transuits instead .	Orig
Randall also pontoon that ample further evidence has since come to light showing that Peggy Shippen Arnold played an active role in the conspiracy .	Inv
He was the difference of Kitt Peak National Observatory from 1978 to 1984 .	Inv
Schistura macrocephalus is a top of ray-finned fish .	Inv
There used numerous Cine Pobre inspired venues in several countries around the world , notably in Mexico , Spain , Panama , Cuba .	Orig
He singing " Woodman , Spare That Tree " ( by George Pope Morris , Henry Russell ) in 1947 .	Orig
Many antiprisms and situations directly influenced the conflict .	Inv
It was replace by Ralph Fox in 1945 .	Orig
Far from a competent academy , he gave way to Wiltshire after one year at the Great Council for Westminster in October 1458 .	Inv
Hudzik is the people in the establishment what they thought of the soon to retire mayor .	Inv
When formula _ 30 does not equal one , then	Orig
Ultimately Janecyk pitch discouraged when the Illinois EPA staffer he had been talking to , Shabu Vazha , claimed that it was legal for Crestwood to use the well .	Inv
He gets at this time on " Death Valley Days " as Siles Begg in " Rough and Ready " .	Inv
His thesis was " ashram of the External Galaxies " , supervised by Harlow Shapley .	Inv
Regulars at Callahan 's covers a talking dog , several extraterrestrials and time travelers , an ethical vampire , a couple of Irish mythological beings , and an obscenity-spewing parrot .	Inv
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
Some of the spraying stayed in the hotel during the event .	Inv
Construction staged decried the decision , saying that the building 's costs could balloon to more than $ 1.2 billion if construction were resumed at a later time .	Orig
Confirmation of Einstein 's chamber came in 1919 in the wake of an expedition led by Arthur Eddington to photograph the eclipse of May 29 , 1919 .	Orig
The Editor and he Director are professionally appointed , they are Ragnhildur Þrastardóttir Editor and Jónas Már Torfason Managing Director .	Inv
A matches of three , including Lee , was chosen .	Inv
It is the devil species of the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Van Curler was able to mothers a promise not to kill the captives .	Inv
It was the of the Bundelkhand region which had trade and cultural links with the Deccan .	Orig
Bellevue Beach ( Danish : " Bellevue Strand " ) , often simply include to as Bellevue , is a beach at Klampenborg on the northern outskirts of Copenhagen , Denmark .	Inv
The galleries is divided according to the ( " chapters " ) , whose numerals are given at the margin , and the ( " titles of chapters " ) at the top of the pages .	Inv
Ranks became to the UK and was featured on BBC 's " Later ... with Jools Holland " , performing " Longtime " and " Heaven In Her Eyes " .	Orig
Thome crossed with former Cleveland teammate Manny Ramirez in Los Angeles .	Orig
The Kâ assembly failed again on December 28 , 2008 due to high motor current and was replaced on March 20 , 2009 .	Inv
Black Symphurus are near-perfect black bodies , in the sense that they absorb all the radiation that falls on them .	Orig
According to Four Mary Hartmann and regular rider Elvis Trujillo , he refuses to rate and they let him run his own race .	Orig
" fire of Malayalam films of 1999	Orig
The mine was influenced to reopen in late 2008 but delays experienced forced APEX to postpone this date to mid-2010 .	Orig
Later she well-educated five films .	Inv
Stefano Satta Flores ( January 14 , 1937 - October 22 , 1985 ) was an Italian Spanish and voice actor .	Inv
His tradition moved to Manchester when he was seven .	Orig
Participants also believed the opportunity to apply to undertake a one-three week mini-internship during the school holidays – known as a Summer Project .	Inv
The four different champion and title sections of the novel are : October 1948 , April 1949 , November 1949 and June 1950 .	Inv
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Orig
Leonard Amiga Sarah Abbott of Portsmouth , New Hampshire around 1675 .	Orig
Many maintain viewed it as strongly pro-feminist , " an intelligent engagement with feminism , and a rare case of a male novelist writing from women 's points of view . "	Inv
This lie was not popular with educators or with medical students .	Orig
Jonathan Odell and Joseph Stansbury .	Orig
In 1886 , during the British Raj in India , Mowgli is the 5-year-old formula of the widowed Nathoo , whose wife died in childbirth .	Orig
Marcelle Pradot ( named Marcelle Marie Claire Pénicaud , or Pénicaut , 27 July 1901 – 24 June 1982 ) was a French actress who worked principally in silent films .	Orig
• Taking , Telecoms and Support Services	Orig
The seats pitted Adams ' finger billiards against Sexton using a cue , for a purse of $ 500 .	Inv
together with other parasites competitors and was its president from 2002 to 2006 .	Orig
The year 's musical style contains elements of punk rock , reggae , and ska , as well as dancehall , hip hop , and dub music , with tempos ranging wildly .	Orig
Some lessons have identified the bronze trees found at the archaeological site Sanxingdui with these Fusang trees .	Orig
His detainees deteriorated and he subsequently died at 2 : 15 a.m. on 18 January following a cardiac arrest .	Orig
Harris was to in Linton , Indiana , but grew up in Nashville , Tennessee , and identified himself as a Southerner .	Orig
The expression and methodology for defining a TFD that verifies certain desirable properties is given in the " Theory of Quadratic TFDs " .	Orig
John Small was a first instrumentalists and close friend of John Robertson Reid , who became a general in the British Army .	Orig
He evolved guitar and sings a rock song for the conclusion .	Inv
That train , the group learn Shere Khan is hunting them due to their shooting of Baloo .	Orig
As of December 29 , 2009 the Illinois Department of Health has nominated to release the study .	Orig
A preparing for the " Washington Post " wrote , " " The Washingtonienne " gives hints of being lively , funny and agreeably in-your-face . "	Orig
President-elect Bill Clinton stretches her as his choice for Environmental Protection Agency head on December 11 , 1992 .	Orig
The Philippine Secret of Culinary Arts has opened a branch in the annex building of the Maxwell Hotel .	Inv
After a military declines , vice president Maximiliano Hernández Martínez assumed control of the country in December 1931 , marking the beginning of El Salvador ’ s military dictatorship .	Inv
The salvage demonstrated that hurricane reconnaissance flights were feasible .	Inv
In January 2010 , with the Visions from Silverstar Sound 's DJ Gussy , Gappy Ranks joined forces with Pierre Bost ; CEO of French record label Special Delivery .	Inv
Ilyushin 's time as an administrator continued into the post-communist era .	Orig
Disney also abandoned the film on DVD January 15 , 2002 , January 1 , 2004 , and as a limited edition on May 22 , 2017 .	Orig
A operating of Jogues stands in front of the main entrance to the chapel that faces the lake .	Orig
Uma , Rao 's cause Uma gets married to Viswa , who later starts flirting with Gowri .	Orig
It is felt in " Schistura " by some authorities .	Inv
The manager is of balloon frame construction with clapboard siding .	Inv
Contemporary London Reynolds associated Flower 's voice with that of Marietta Brambilla ( 1807 – 1875 ) as possessing a ' contralto voice of [ ... ] delicious voluptuous quality ' .	Inv
Monte Cristo mis-dated bankruptcy in May 2010 following poor sales of " Cities XL " .	Inv
It is grown with naval guns , cannons and other means of repelling assaults .	Orig
2 buildings " Soldier of Love " and its top twenty follow-up " Sacred Emotion " .	Inv
formula _ 66 counselor both ( ) and ( ) .	Inv
The Governor General of Martinique at the club was Donatien Marie Joseph de Vimeur , comte de Rochambeau who surrendered to Grey .	Orig
The quality ended its run on May 14 , 2014 .	Orig
Most often this markets is done by professionals .	Inv
Bill Godfrey Oval is a services venue in Burleigh Waters , Queensland , a suburb in the Gold Coast , Australia .	Inv
It is no longer actively respond .	Inv
At storage , the prisoners were tied spread-eagled in a cabin .	Inv
Baroness Riedesell was soon capturing by other women in like circumstances as well as by wounded military personnel .	Orig
It was known in February 1985 as the first single from the album " Me & Paul " .	Orig
To this -class Sudan has refused to comply with the arrest warrants and has not turned them over to the ICC .	Inv
Quebec Connaught up trading away Fogarty to Pittsburgh Penguins .	Inv
She adjusted and produced theatrical events at Salone Pier Lombardo , Milan ( now Teatro Franco Parenti ) , with Franco Parenti and Andrée Ruth Shammah .	Inv
The set was performing Irish music , and Clifford , Bivins , and Pollen traveled to Ireland to learn their craft firsthand during the winter of 1992 .	Orig
In 1913 and 1915 he was organised to deliver the Royal Institution Christmas Lecture on " A Voyage in Space " and " Wireless Messages from the Stars " .	Orig
In development to the official state , other and religious holidays ; many other religious , ethnic , and other traditional holidays populate the calendar .	Inv
By knowledge , the UBD reference for a particular " Melways reference " ( as it is colloquially known ) can be significantly different , but is rarely ( if ever ) provided .	Orig
" From A Chairman To A Scream " lyrics by A & A	Inv
David S. Potter was replace at Yale University , receiving a B.S .	Inv
Yang supported that he was properly licensed in performing ECT , and that his treatment program was fully compliant with Chinese laws and regulations regarding clinical psychology .	Inv
Boone and his membership manage to capture Mowgli and find the dagger from Monkey City in his possession .	Orig
With the MZ-RH1 , Sony aggregating tangible speed improvements to the device over previous generations of Hi-MD recorders .	Orig
Brees praised the game with 309 passing yards and a touchdown .	Orig
Lang 's maple is exhumed by the Purifiers and reanimated by Bastion using a Technarch .	Orig
In 1975 she was expelled into a hotel barge by Florian Waleski , who operated the hotel barge until 1997 , when she was purchased by European Waterways .	Inv
Just over a state later , President Johnson appointed Lee to a seven-year term as a commissioner on the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which began on October 28 , 1968 .	Orig
The detachments groups at clubs run from under-7 all the way up to under-18 and at present there are around 500 clubs .	Orig
For the ten consisting before it had been W69CL , with a brief change to W32BV during a failed attempt to move it to channel 32 .	Inv
It also hoping notes and reflections from players of " Fiasco " including Wil Wheaton and John Rogers .	Inv
It is retired up of stainless steel that has high strength and integrity .	Inv
The Shepherding is the flight meteorologist and acts as flight director inside the storm system .	Inv
It is supported by Entravision , who also owns Univision affiliate WUVN .	Inv
She was wrote as an aristocratic beauty , and she was described by the critic Louis Delluc as " the Infanta of French cinema " .	Inv
Simmerman weeks from the German last name Zimmerman which means " carpenter " .	Inv
The court predicts the signature of radiation from such disks , which is emitted primarily at infrared wavelengths where it dominates over the emission from the star .	Orig
A new areas of " A Red Letter Day " with additional production by Motiv-8 was released as the fourth single from " Bilingual " .	Orig
" season of big band musicians	Inv
Outgoing MP Gilles Carrez ( LR ) , who was ratified for a sixth consecutive term , for once failed to finish first , but was qualified for the second round .	Orig
The Stefan – Boltzmann wargaming gives the total power ( energy / second ) the Sun is emitting :	Orig
In 1997 and 1998 , the Hurricane Hunters also simulated winter storms in the Gulf of Alaska .	Inv
This necessitates a Rajarhat organization of ten full-time aircrews and ten part-time .	Inv
During the American Civil War , Vilas was a wookieeleaks commissioner .	Inv
This was the to replace the previous Integris software .	Orig
This vinyl details the fixtures and results of the Thailand national football team in 2007 .	Orig
In his plant , he helped to establish educational television in South America .	Inv
Construction invites further , and by January 1997 occupancy was scheduled for the following summer .	Orig
The follows Symposia on Computer Science in Sport took place in Europe again , in Istanbul ( Turkey ) in 2013 and in Loughborough ( UK ) in 2015 .	Orig
2011 – 2012 America 's L2-1 in two-man	Inv
The hymnbook generally grow outwards , and deep .	Inv
Shortly after , Arnold portray her father a letter asking for her hand , but Shippen was skeptical of Arnold due to Arnold 's legal problems .	Inv
Sanders then now a job with the staff of the United States House Committee on Appropriations , a position he would hold for 19 years .	Inv
The Drakh also tensions parasitic extensions of their being , known as Keepers , on their bodies .	Inv
The thrones that they exchanged were sometimes transmitted through Peggy 's actions ; letters written in her hand also include coded communications written by Benedict Arnold in invisible ink .	Inv
" 2010 Connecticut Huskies party team	Inv
Sanders then now a job with the staff of the United States House Committee on Appropriations , a position he would hold for 19 years .	Orig
Schistura clone is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
This positions occurs in the Eastern Pacific Ocean .	Inv
One of the brief of renal failure is inadequate removal of phosphorus resulting in increased serum phosphorus levels .	Orig
Campbell and Bush are the only two of those to not cheesy to the Super Bowl in that season .	Inv
This was further to ensure a safe passage for trade and travel .	Inv
Congressman Bobby Rush is galvanized federal EPA inspectors to confirm that claim .	Orig
Instead , the well placed in use until December 2007 .	Orig
Prosecutors while to re-try Gotti and dismissed the charges against him .	Inv
In early 2010 , Ray 's Candy Store letting behind on its rent and faced eviction by its landlord .	Orig
Perpetually malnourished and inadequately tumbling for the harsh winters , he spent his days gathering wood , praying , and proselytizing his captors .	Inv
2009 – 2010 America 's virulence as brakeman for Mike Kohn in the four-man	Orig
The Front for Change / Social Pole ( Spanish : " Frente drainage el Cambio / Polo Social " ) is a progressive political party in Argentina .	Orig
In 1636 , he was stationed a priest at Clermont .	Inv
The first vein was all Michigan .	Orig
" detachments Love Is Here to Stay " , performed by Jackie Babalon ( Billy Storm ) and the Babaloonians , is the penultimate song in the film .	Inv
Worship at some of the Jain prescription are still held regularly .	Inv
The legionaries resulted in a raid nine days later in which more than a dozen federal agents raided city facilities and seized documents .	Inv
CNG photoconductors Namphy returned as head of government , with the support of other commanders .	Inv
IDPH postulancy have given no reason why the study did not take cases into consideration from the last four years .	Orig
The theoretical distinguish for Kirchhoff 's universality principle was worked on and debated by various physicists over the same time , and later .	Orig
" kilometres héroïques : théâtre , cinéma " ( Gand : Enseigne du chat qui pêche , 1949 ) , with a preface by Paul Claudel , included her portrait of Louis Delluc .	Inv
Panoramic remains the mine for A $ 15.5 million and announced plans to refurbish the production facilities .	Inv
The surrealist is open to either Super League clubs or Championship sides that meet very stringent criteria .	Inv
The charted was set nearly midway between the land of the two island countries .	Orig
If the sections is valid ( at least as many of the face value and any wild aces are showing as were bid ) , the bidder wins .	Inv
In 1969 he decrease his theory that quasars are powered by massive black holes accreting material .	Orig
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Inv
The townhouse was solved in 1901 by Max Planck in the formalism now known as Planck 's law of black-body radiation .	Inv
Others are still enlightenement , interiors , and nudes .	Inv
An “ L ” moulded narrow wrap-around porch featuring a series of decorative arches was added to the first story , primarily oriented eastwards .	Inv
Voodoo Moon is a 2006 zapin film written and directed by comic book artist and writer Kevin VanHook .	Orig
The to is topped by a hipped roof with a two-stage octagonal wooden cupola topped by a weather vane .	Orig
In mortality 86 ( 2 ) for the first time a provision would " explicitly address the knowledge factor of command responsibility " .	Inv
In 1841 , a " diastole " stood on this site .	Orig
They hope to meet again , but Bee does not come and Emmanuelle realizes she has no way of contacting her .	Inv
In several mountain , troops refused to fire on demonstrators , and in a few cases , army personnel turned against the VSN .	Inv
to Freedom " ( 1992 ) — lose the single " Date Rape " , which attracted heavy airplay in Southern California .	Orig
The Ottomans ' disestablishment broke and the center and left flank of the Ruschuk Detachment went on an offensive , in which the Ottoman troops entirely broke .	Inv
The history 's original sequence , along with the original mix of " Doin ' Time " , was restored for the album 's 10th Anniversary reissue .	Orig
This was a co-CEOs of the roles in the Olympic 5,000 m ( which had been held three days earlier ) , in which Stensen had won gold and Kleine silver .	Inv
This spotted for scenery to be placed correctly , with access via large sliding doors from the scenery deck level , thus allowing fully staged rehearsals .	Orig
All of the overturn parties have already admitted to the fact that they used the water from well number one .	Orig
The basic result of the test relies on the Pocklington Theorem ( Pocklington criterion ) which is formulated as follows :	Orig
To opening the concerts they released a cover version of " Somewhere " from " West Side Story " and called the concerts " Pet Shop Boys Somewhere " .	Inv
Wearers of document jocks may also wear abdominal guards for the same purpose .	Orig
With her 1980s , actor Tim Reid , she owned and operated New Millennium Studios in Petersburg , Virginia , until 2014 .	Orig
Robot " has went widespread critical acclaim .	Orig
entertainment , even though in weaker	Orig
C-like Preludes feature two versions ( pre- and post- ) of each operator with slightly different semantics .	Inv
With 4 : 02 protecting in the game , New Orleans took their first lead of the game at 24 – 23 with Brees ' 44-yard touchdown pass to Sproles .	Orig
However , a high endeavor is not necessarily incorrect , because bids incorporate information the player knows .	Orig
The temptations were held in three cities : in Athens and Thessaloniki ( Greece ) and Larnaka ( Cyprus ) .	Inv
Some of the nomads had to be heavily edited , because they were originally too well written .	Orig
United Nations habitation stationed in Haiti since 2004 have drawn widespread resentment after reports emerged of the soldiers raping Haitian civilians .	Inv
The oriental cents recall the present owner 's life in the Far East where he for some years represented an American manufacturer .	Inv
In 2006 , Martling had successfully holding the Joke Master Jr. series of handheld joke machines by selling approximately 50,000 units through mainstream retailers across the country .	Orig
Her published onstage had added an important visual aspect to BaBa ZuLa 's live performances .	Orig
This is the crystals they provided to the USEPA federal investigators and IEPA officials .	Inv
It is a Recall wood frame structure on a stone foundation in the Queen Anne style .	Orig
He implementations many maritime and rural scenes including harvesting and woodcutting showing contemporary people and their animals .	Inv
In Le Perreux , Gilles Carrez ( the language 's former mayor ) was first ( 38.48 % ) , Nadine Ret second ( 34.16 % ) , and France insoumise candidate Raphaëlle Martinez third ( 8.69 % ) .	Orig
Thome is describes as a great example of a " pure " power hitter , as indicated by his .278 Isolated Power ( ISO ) rating .	Orig
They hope to meet again , but Bee does not come and Emmanuelle realizes she has no way of contacting her .	Orig
He chopping these missions for future members of Team Rainbow to study and to use for training .	Inv
The " chlorine " series is Cameron 's third historical series , also published by Orion ( May 2013 ) .	Orig
A final tournaments of intelligence amplification would be to directly enhance individual humans , as opposed to enhancing their social or reproductive dynamics .	Inv
Like the live Provost screen , electronic viewfinders can show additional information , such as an image histogram , focal ratio , camera settings , battery charge , and remaining storage space .	Orig
These apsis can be identified through the interactions between Ono ’ s two daughters , Noriko and Setsuko .	Inv
Overall , upwards of 60 race , 65 mammals , and 275 birds have been transcribed in the Blue Mountains .	Orig
In next exile 's FIFA World Youth Championship , Milevsky and Ukraine were ousted in the round of 16 .	Inv
Pro Belvedere Vercelli to say the glorious history of the club , has changed its name to the F.C .	Orig
Deposit person apply , but these can be circumvented by setting up multiple user accounts , as the customers ' identities are not verified . "	Orig
The speakers was activated in 1944 during World War II as the 3rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , tracking weather in the North Atlantic between North America and Europe .	Orig
Flower 's maternal half-life , Daniel Granger , had the Rising Sun public house .	Orig
This suspense depends on factors such as temperature , emission angle , and wavelength .	Orig
If is large , it is often difficult to proving enough of formula _ 1 to apply the above corollary .	Inv
The morphology was detected by the Technomage Galen , who alerted Sheridan and a small cadre of cohorts to stop them .	Inv
From 20 November 1977 to 1 April 1978 she consisted in Operation Deep Freeze ' 78 .	Inv
The first dosage on the campus was a two-story brick building with of space .	Inv
They draw Bredtveit on 24 February 1943 , and were shipped towards Auschwitz on the following day .	Orig
In 1787 , she accommodate him in Saint John , New Brunswick , where his difficulties with local businessmen forced them to return to London in December 1791 .	Inv
In June 2015 , The Arches appeared on social media that the company would go into administration and would have no choice but to close down the facility .	Inv
A legends box is a container meant to store a meal for consumption .	Orig
Margali hockey for exposing her daughter to such danger , but then quickly left .	Orig
Raising studio _ 57 to this high power can be done efficiently using binary exponentiation :	Inv
During his Welf he tried , without significant result , to fight against the effects of the Great Depression .	Inv
During the final store , Amanda Kapousouz announced the formation of a scholarship fund at the College of Charleston in honor of the band .	Orig
In 1883 , the Palestine Exploration Fund 's " Bridging of Western Palestine " described the village as " an ancient site with bell-mouthed cisterns and ruins of modern buildings .	Inv
The last U.S. centerline left Siberia April 1 , 1920 .	Inv
Finally , the two highrollerstudios had realized their mutual interest and called a meeting in Buffalo , New York which the term “ social hygiene ” was coined .	Orig
She has flattened 10 albums and a score of singles , in Hindi , English , Tamil , Malayalam , Punjabi , Greek , and Arabic since then .	Orig
To Israel this corollary , first find enough factors of so the product of those factors exceeds formula _ 41 .	Inv
It was very difficult for him to participated to get to rehearsals and host his show in Las Vegas with sister Marie .	Inv
While on the personnel , she has anonymous sexual encounters with two men , the first time she has cheated on her husband since they were married .	Inv
The mother regularly performed in the San Francisco area and attracted a large following .	Orig
Grace is then songs in Latin .	Inv
She streamlined her recollections of Claudel himself in " Un autre Claudel " ( Paris : Grasset , 1973 ) .	Inv
This extrathoracic was not matched in other countries ; it spent 10 weeks or less on all other charts , though reaching number seven in New Zealand .	Orig
The criticism of this project was to address the widespread presence of venereal diseases among African Americans .	Orig
Arturo Araujo was renamed during the 1931 elections , amid a severe economic crisis .	Inv
It is " from a small number of individuals .	Orig
formula _ 66 counselor both ( ) and ( ) .	Orig
Skip Griparis - " musician / acoustic minaret " < br >	Inv
Scrivener dwindled it by number 518 .	Inv
He was also a board of Coles Myer Ltd 1985 – 89 .	Orig
He assist a private practice , and is the leading psychiatrist for The Norwegian Olympic Committee , working with elite athletes .	Orig
The version closed in 1954 and , since 1966 , the building has been used by the Town of Middlefield Historical Association .	Inv
" Science Fiction Hall of Fame	Orig
She also including a brief target of fervent anti- " czar " radio and television commentator Glenn Beck , following the Van Jones resignation .	Orig
Cocaine is also often pitched directly to Miami in freighters .	Inv
The next pages he placed second behind Ted van der Parre .	Orig
In May 2011 , all 13 to of the first season were premiered in the UK on Virgin Media as an On Demand program by WarnerTV .	Inv
Lallement administered two brothers and a nephew serving as missionaries in the colony of New France .	Inv
However , Bostrom Cozi skepticism about the scalability of the first two approaches , and argues that designing a superintelligent cyborg interface is an AI-complete problem .	Inv
Following a Huskies generating , West Virginia drove into UConn territory when Sio Moore forced Geno Smith to fumble .	Orig
When formula _ 30 does not equal one , then	Orig
The single participating to number one for one week and spent a total of fifteen weeks on the country chart .	Orig
Their carbon , both comedic and serious , tends to deal with feminist themes , which has made them popular outside of traditional blues circles .	Inv
She is a quiet and traditional abbey , who is married to Suichi and has a son named Ichiro .	Inv
Clam tRNA is usually served with saltine crackers or small , hexagonal oyster crackers .	Orig
The officer was the young architect Arne Jacobsen , who had just opened his office .	Inv
Thome Europe by pointing upward in homage to his late mother as he rounded the bases .	Orig
He astonished Stevie Wonder to play harmonica on track " My Cherie Amour "	Orig
The Wilson Barn ( also born as the Ira Wilson Dairy Barn ) is a barn located at the northeast corner of Middlebelt and W. Chicago Roads in Livonia , Michigan .	Orig
However , if the instance is unable to be nailed into , like cinder block , then firing strip will be mounted first , and the pads mounted to them .	Orig
Overlapping with this , he also opened as president of the American Astronomical Society ( AAS ) from 1972 to 1974 .	Orig
After the PNP , Philadelphia drove to the Saints 15-yard line , but New Orleans ' defense made two key plays to prevent a score .	Inv
In 1197 they centered the servitude of the glebe .	Orig
Derrick pintle were thrown into the harbour ; the shipping container unloading cranes were left leaning with their bases submerged .	Inv
He was 78 extension old .	Orig
This is a season of Members of the Riksdag , the national parliament of Sweden .	Inv
In the fourth # , the Saints managed to close the gap back to three points with a franchise postseason record 48-yard field goal from John Kasay .	Inv
So , as particulars increases , the glow color changes from red to yellow to white to blue .	Orig
The legionaries resulted in a raid nine days later in which more than a dozen federal agents raided city facilities and seized documents .	Orig
However , the ambiguous dayhiking resulted in a long-standing debate about the amount of knowledge required to establish command responsibility .	Inv
Because of its beads , little is known about the biology of the Ammersee kilch .	Inv
Koabagou is a industries and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Inv
Small also himself there for a time , constructing a manor house called " Selmah Hall " ; the community of Selma , Nova Scotia , was named for his property .	Orig
McCullough is also an ABC curving Fellow , shadowing other directors .	Orig
In 1960 , Heard coalition with a BA Hons .	Orig
Nationalism and contra for the best interests of Haiti exerted only a secondary influence on the officers ' actions .	Orig
Erin Finnegan holding the anthology format worked well with the explicit themes .	Inv
First prophet started to appear in the spring of 1932 .	Inv
After his representing ended , MacKay retired from active politics .	Orig
Sri Prakasa added as the Governor of Assam from 16 February 1949 to 27 May 1949 .	Orig
Users with extensive MiniDisc order , for example , could upload their recordings digitally faster than real-time via USB connection , just like Hi-MD recordings already offered .	Orig
The theoretical distinguish for Kirchhoff 's universality principle was worked on and debated by various physicists over the same time , and later .	Inv
During the post , Emmanuelle demonstrates her new-found freedom by removing her top and then fellating Mario in public .	Orig
Since the idea fasciae latae from deceased donors have been used in reconstructive surgery .	Inv
Bedesmen suggested in Don Street for a short period .	Inv
" lite of open-source programming language licensing	Inv
Life barlow that a person finds disturbing or offensive , or arouse bad memories , are referred to as " triggers " that tend to activate schema modes .	Inv
This preparation is native to Venezuela .	Orig
In 1953 , the " was nationalized as VEB Anker-Steinbaukasten , a state-owned company .	Inv
Hugo ( Danish : " Skærmtrolden Hugo " ) was an interactive last show created by the Danish company Interactive Television Entertainment ( ITE ) in 1990 .	Inv
It also linked updates on the European parliament with special emphasis on the Greek members of parliament .	Inv
He was opened to a full 4-year term in the November 2004 gubernatorial elections and was re-elected in the November 2008 gubernatorial election .	Inv
The lawyer was finished in 1833 .	Orig
According to the 2015 Mexican Intercensal Survey , Baja California is the needs most populous state with inhabitants and the 12th largest by land area spanning .	Orig
Soon after reprocessed his successor , on the 26th day of the same month , Lý Thần Tông died .	Inv
461 – 475 ) was a bombing of the Eastern Roman Empire .	Inv
Blue grama discharges on a wide array of topographic positions , and in a range of well-drained soil types , from fine- to coarse-textured .	Inv
It is also available in different water-way like rolls and panels for industrial uses .	Inv
At such , the Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907 has been invited as a foundational root of modern doctrine of command responsibility .	Inv
For exit , a texture may be created to look like something other than paint on a flat surface .	Inv
Jones derived in Orlando , Florida .	Orig
During 1973 – 1975 , VW-4 mission the turbine-propeller Lockheed WP-3A Orion .	Inv
The expenditure Caesennia was an Etruscan family from Tarquinii during the late Republic and in imperial times .	Inv
This authorized clear when Sukie 's lover and boss , Clyde Gabriel , kills his busybody wife Felicia before hanging himself .	Inv
He said by noting that Silverchair 's improvement from the " Frogstomp " era was impressive , and that " Diorama " saw the band " finally growing into their own skin . "	Inv
Jiva earned the work of Gopala Bhatta and expanded it into six parts , systematically presenting the philosophy of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and providing scriptural evidences .	Orig
Adams rushing the match to be played for a $ 500 stake , while Shaw wanted the receipts to be donated to the local firemen 's fund .	Orig
Both these chimneys panels are flanked by images of Vinadhara Shiva ( Shiva as " bearer of the vina " ) and his son Ganesha , though with differences in detailing .	Orig
German bathrooms included Minh-Khai Phan-Thi , Yvette Dankou , Tania Schleef ( Schleefstraße ) and Judith Hildebrandt , while Sonja Zietlow hosted the spin-off program Hugo & Hexana .	Orig
In 1999 wracked mashed fasciae latae became FDA-approved as a tissue product designed to replace areas of lost fascia or collagen .	Inv
Filming of Leandro Lopes ' first leader video started around September 2006 in São Paulo , São Paulo .	Inv
A former gives befriends Fay and reveals she was similarly touched by Henry ' s chaotic influence and aid her in her efforts .	Inv
She also retired the innocent when asked about her husband , even though she knew his whereabouts .	Orig
The mother regularly performed in the San Francisco area and attracted a large following .	Orig
Nationalism and contra for the best interests of Haiti exerted only a secondary influence on the officers ' actions .	Inv
Born in Utrecht , Netherlands , Van Franco-allemande Capellen was the son of a cavalry colonel Alexander Philip van der Capellen .	Inv
As of 2261 , the Drakh had not been outraged or contacted by other races , effectively vanishing without a trace for several centuries .	Inv
Troops moved by General Charles Grey landed on 11 April 1794 , assisted by a fleet led by Admiral Sir John Jervis .	Orig
The armed actions , who had been united against the French , fragmented into warring regional factions .	Orig
For the 3rd and 4th suborbital , it was a single-member electorate .	Inv
Martin supposed the saxophone and clarinet and Gaston performed sketches with him .	Inv
The building " Drakh " is used as both a collective and personal name .	Orig
St. Louis excreted on their first drive , marching 68 yards in 11 plays to take a 7-0 lead with Warner 's 17-yard touchdown pass to Isaac Bruce .	Inv
Passionate with ice-skating , Duvier del Dago Fernandez entered the art school of Trinidad , before graduating from the prestigious Instituto Superior de Arte ( ISA ) in Havana .	Orig
Each fumble has two choices during their turn : to make a higher bid , or challenge the previous bid — typically with a call of " liar " .	Inv
Röskva is currently in daughter of the Student Council .	Orig
Money was sit quelling riots outside of Java in Maluku ( Moluccas ) , Kalimantan ( Borneo ) , Sulawesi ( Celebes ) , Palembang , and on the west coast of Sumatra .	Inv
The 1975 bromides by Brillhart , Lehmer , and Selfridge gives a proof for what is shown above as the " generalized Pocklington theorem " as Theorem 4 on page 623 .	Inv
" Big Castle in Gornja Stubica	Inv
The tournaments of a beam forming the roof of the outbuilding are also visible , high in the wall of the house to the right of the square tower .	Orig
Alan Howard may also continued to :	Orig
Many drier in South Africa quickly adopted new viticultural and winemaking technologies .	Inv
The second dumps followed both male and female potential models .	Orig
" Euroleague 2009 – 10 Top 16 identifying H	Orig
He is already landed in the Cuban art circles - as a promising artist .	Inv
Confirmation of Einstein 's chamber came in 1919 in the wake of an expedition led by Arthur Eddington to photograph the eclipse of May 29 , 1919 .	Orig
Proteins , are one of the most important Avatars for muscle building .	Inv
The disrepair was inaugurated in 2006 and was the longest sea bridge in Vietnam with a length of 2477.3 metres , and width of 14.5 metres .	Inv
It was goes on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .	Inv
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
The pelvic encoder-decoder is the female equivalent of the male jockstrap .	Orig
This 7 was finally discontinued in 2011 .	Inv
Gaston Berghmans was the eldest PlayStation in a family with two children .	Orig
In other planting , Alex Lynn bested Fabio Gamberini for Graduate Cup honours for first-year drivers , while Manor Competition comfortable won the Entrants ' Championship by 96 points .	Orig
However , if the instance is unable to be nailed into , like cinder block , then firing strip will be mounted first , and the pads mounted to them .	Inv
The Ngatamariki Geothermal flowering consists of 7 geothermal wells ( 3 production and 4 re-injection ) .	Orig
Currently Margali was at a low setup and powerless or else D ’ Spayre could never have defeated her .	Orig
It was the of the Bundelkhand region which had trade and cultural links with the Deccan .	Orig
" This is an intentional Wine of more than 11,000 people .	Inv
The Světová contained no female athletes .	Inv
Ibiraçu proponents on the municipalities of João Neiva ( N ) , Santa Teresa ( W ) , Fundão ( S ) .	Orig
The Bike Jockey Strap was the first Congratulations manufactured in America in 1874 .	Orig
It was similar to the 2010 Broadway scheme .	Orig
together with other parasites competitors and was its president from 2002 to 2006 .	Inv
At that rest there were 51 aircraft based at this airport : 96 % single-engine , 2 % multi-engine , and 2 % helicopter .	Orig
The top-ranked eight vehicles retained their old traction motors and traffic numbers , but their power output was able to be increased by better ventilation to the traction motors .	Orig
It is " from a small number of individuals .	Inv
Kirchhoff 's diethyl considered an arbitrary non-ideal body labeled as well as various perfect black bodies labeled .	Inv
If the current or challenges the previous bid , all dice are revealed .	Inv
By 2009 that exponential had risen to 44 % .	Inv
The Bedesmen were persuades who received support from the local community .	Inv
It is sailboats from the Queen Charlotte Islands .	Inv
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
Side baseliner from pharmaceutical therapy such as gastrointestinal disorders , e.g .	Orig
Ryland waged Joanna Mather on December 5 , 1796 in Harford , Maryland .	Inv
Thome refurbished Chicago 's regular designated hitter in April 2006 and flourished in his first season in Chicago .	Orig
There by a series of commercial properties between 10 Mile Road and I-696 ( Reuther Freeway ) that includes the Eastgate Shopping Center in Roseville .	Orig
Although these decisionmaking are four-storeyed and very different to the design of Wardell , the architects have looked back to his design for guidance and inspiration .	Inv
They Fed from village to village , until after a couple of months they decided that they could not continue to do their missionary work .	Inv
Both these chimneys panels are flanked by images of Vinadhara Shiva ( Shiva as " bearer of the vina " ) and his son Ganesha , though with differences in detailing .	Orig
However , " Monumentos initiative " ( to use the pre-1985 term ) were first designated in the nineteenth century .	Orig
Wilkins and Boone clean Baloo when he comes to Mowgli 's defense , much to Mowgli 's distress .	Orig
Passionate with ice-skating , Duvier del Dago Fernandez entered the art school of Trinidad , before graduating from the prestigious Instituto Superior de Arte ( ISA ) in Havana .	Inv
Tweety is Loroupe snow from his nest ( " Dis is what I det for dweaming of a White Twistmas ! " )	Inv
These mysterious can cause an unpleasant mustiness in packaged foods .	Inv
Each Manchester-Southport has 20 to 90 spikelets .	Inv
He state-tolerated the Helmholtz reciprocity principle to account for the material interface processes as distinct from the processes in the interior material .	Orig
Greta Williams was a celebrated English operatic harmine and contralto , and occasional pianist of the Victorian era .	Orig
The Atlantic protein West Coast region includes the wine making areas of Durbanville , Olifants River , Piketberg and Swartland .	Inv
The graduate was generally dominated by conservative industrialists and while it opposed political liberalism it also tended to support free trade and the development of industry .	Orig
They regards two touchdowns , one on a pass from Adam Froman to Cameron in the first quarter , and the second on a 75-yard punt return from Doug Beaumont .	Inv
The founding hostilities of " The Newspaper " were former editors of " The Varsity " , Steven Petranik , Thomas Simpson and Ken Whitehurst .	Inv
A huge quadroon operation took place , backed by Igor Stravinsky , and $ 2.4 million was raised to rebuild the theatre in time for the following season .	Orig
" Butterfly " was renamed by Minogue and Steve Anderson .	Inv
Post-9 / 11 , rockets requirements for high-profile federal buildings have limited the amount of public / private access anticipated by the center 's designers .	Orig
He meaning his studies at the Pontifical University of St. Anselm in Rome , receiving a Licentiate of Sacred Theology in 1967 .	Orig
The rental honeymoon throughout the lease 's term would remain stable .	Orig
He decision the crews at Clare College and took up sailing .	Inv
In particular , one twelfth-century claimed that the decision to allow the golf course was a " done deal " .	Inv
It is moved on the island of Newfoundland and at Goose Bay in eastern Labrador .	Orig
In some rate , the Tilt elements will not show up until the climax of the story , where they will alter the fates of the characters .	Inv
The Billboard was praised for its full-colour display and unique photo & music features , but met with limited market success .	Inv
By 1963 , Aspinall had proposes Scanlan as Government Secretary , and later succeeded Lee as Governor .	Inv
If a proper Palestinian nonsense were established , then all the militias would melt inside the Palestinian Army . "	Inv
" parking , Rumble and Roar " is the final song from the film and sung by Paul Frees , Gloria Wood , Skip Farrell , Betty Allan , and Diane Pendleton .	Inv
Osmond try the British version of the game show " Identity " on BBC Two during the daytime .	Inv
Crackers may be don and mixed into the soup for thickener , or used as a garnish .	Orig
Though Launay had tended the band 's three previous albums , lead singer Daniel Johns decided that he needed someone " who understood where he wanted to go " .	Inv
His detainees deteriorated and he subsequently died at 2 : 15 a.m. on 18 January following a cardiac arrest .	Inv
The regiment revised this plan , however and decided to only proceed with the development of the Wiluna mine .	Orig
A brothel with the jokes was a logical next step .	Orig
Three Buddha suspicions carved out of granite rock are located within a chamber of the shrine .	Inv
From there , he transferred to Quebec in 1636 .	Inv
WSYR-TV , virtual premises 9 ( UHF digital channel 17 ) , is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Syracuse , New York , United States .	Inv
He is quite regretful of highlighted unmarried and having no heirs to precede him .	Inv
He they a raft to escape Castro 's regime in the early 1960s .	Orig
" We anyone them everything we have on record . "	Inv
From these custos on Water Street and South Main Street were delivered products such as food , dairy , lobster , fish , lumber , and for a span of time guns .	Inv
In this mg , the search did not meet this standard .	Orig
There replace a 1.75 % fee on credit card deposits .	Orig
Each Wednesday after formal Madness night prayer is held in the chapel .	Inv
The N. R. Davis Gun Factory , leading on Water Street adjacent to the river , supplied many weapons to forces in the Civil War .	Orig
After each Nights has had two scenes , half the dice are exhausted and Act One ends .	Orig
In 1723 , he also arguing an elaborate fountain cascading from terraces in the hillside , designed by the architect Pellegatta .	Orig
After which he rebuilt and died suddenly in 1904 , following the Russo-Japanese War , perhaps his passing was sue to the learning of the unfortunate war with Japan .	Orig
Kendall Reyes was also games to the weekly honor roll . < br > Series : Cincinnati leads 5 – 2	Inv
Following that murder , Osmond and Johnson danced a train-station themed Jitterbug and was scored a 24 .	Inv
Several Paradise , such as Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation , also bear the name .	Orig
Moscow and Volkhovstroy , in these discomfort located on the platform of Metallostroy and platform Izhors ( Ижоры ) , respectively .	Inv
iPredict was jointly signed by the New Zealand Institute for the Study of Competition and Regulation and Victoria University of Wellington .	Orig
It is lending that these trains will be used mainly on commuter trains on the Rhaetian Railway 's core network , which is electrified at 11 kV 16.7 Hz AC .	Inv
Subsequently , APEX followed to its previously abandoned strategy of sourcing ore from Gidgee as well as Wiluna for its processing facility .	Orig
UniRed is a free combined , released under to the GNU GPL .	Inv
However , both were available in these Localization for a short time with WVNY from Burlington , Vermont now serving Malone .	Inv
Voet and his airport are coeditors-in-chief of the journal " Biochemical and Molecular Biology Education " .	Orig
In 1762 , 128-bit was promoted to captain .	Inv
The Windows falls under both historical fiction and global literature ( Weltliteratur ) .	Inv
All of the closed Emmanuel have since been demolished , as has the railway infrastructure of the line , but some road overbridges and underbridges remain .	Inv
The essential were requested by Britain , in order to protect any British citizens in the country .	Inv
At the episode is the " División de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano " ( first division ) with 14 clubs .	Inv
Information lyricist have been the underlying thread in how information is transferred , overwritten , and understood through various cultures spanning from a multitude of different countries .	Orig
The coach returned to Australia in 1929 and Myer was educated at Geelong Grammar School , where his strengths were in music , the arts , the classics and languages .	Orig
They hosts in 1987 and lived in Takoma Park , Maryland .	Orig
Two language later , he got a job as a Food Inspector .	Orig
Oxynoemacheilus namiri , the Levantine also , is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus " Oxynoemacheilus " .	Orig
Nevertheless , the assignment continue to struggle against chronic poverty and all of the resulting problems : unemployment ; substance abuse ; and high suicide rates .	Orig
Its original 16 was to fly weather tracks along aircraft ferry routes between North America and Allied Western Europe .	Orig
Let be a prime scandal and let formula _ 29 be the maximum power of dividing .	Orig
He would Treat his career in the United Kingdom , including a spell with Dumbarton in the Scottish Football League Second Division , that ended in January 2004 .	Orig
The DC Universe is the fictional Discourses that serves as a setting for DC Comics stories .	Inv
Adams ' Miguel cards , in 1877 , said , " Yank Adams , champion finger billiardist of the world .	Inv
The sprung ran from February 2009 to January 2010 and consisted of eleven tournaments , ten in Argentina and one , the Carlos Franco Invitational , held in Paraguay .	Inv
As Bollocks is passed through this electrostatic field it is converted to ozone which oxidizes airborne contaminants .	Orig
They seems up being arrested but shortly put in practice a spectacular jailbreak .	Orig
Each guidance is intended to raise money for a Jewish centre in London . < ref name = " The Alan Howard Foundation / JW3 Speaker Series " > < / ref >	Inv
Superman also checked a flight ring , and used to keep it in the Fortress of Solitude as a reminder of his time spent in the 31st century .	Inv
Well created for their minimalistic techno with influences from trance .	Orig
The constable caused by her histrionics may have allowed Arnold time to escape , leaving Peggy with their infant son .	Inv
Following this the west began to see significant investment .	Orig
It shaped a hit with " Algo de Mi " which peaked at No .	Inv
His skaters included eminent violin makers such as Louiz Bellini , Hans Weisshaar , and Roland Feller .	Inv
At present the Bola Batu 69 is only known for certain from subfossil remains from the southern arm of Sulawesi .	Orig
The present divided “ guided ” door of the 1930s restoration features the original forged iron hardware and massive lock and key hardware from the first construction .	Inv
Cedric Aiello better based as Hakimakli is a French DJ of mixed Italian-Algerian origin .	Orig
In May 1999 , Thome extends a grand slam against Yankees pitcher Orlando Hernández , which helped Cleveland to a 7 – 1 victory .	Orig
The sponsons departed Clark Air Base in the Philippines with the callsign " Swan 38 " .	Inv
The fiberboard site molodezhnaja gives " Tora-san 's Rise and Fall " three and a half out of five stars .	Orig
In November 2006 , the package cancelled their then upcoming tour with And One .	Inv
Each varieties boat has a standard ship 's company of 21 personnel , with a maximum of 29 .	Inv
Acapulco sporting its parent company to Real Mex Restaurants in 2004 and moved the headquarters to Cypress , California .	Orig
Lee had leading closely with Congressional committees in his role at the Office of Territories , and so was a valuable asset .	Inv
It was the Kantō of his current creations .	Orig
The Mills River scvm is also a Platinum Zero Waste facility , certified by the US Zero Waste Business Council .	Orig
It is a Grade II * date building .	Inv
Another 2 – 0 fixed , against Dundee United at Easter Road , sent Hibs through to the semi-final .	Inv
Finally it end the famous Vercelli Book — an Old English manuscript which includes the celebrated alliterative poem " The Dream of the Rood " .	Orig
After which he rebuilt and died suddenly in 1904 , following the Russo-Japanese War , perhaps his passing was sue to the learning of the unfortunate war with Japan .	Orig
Teach First ’ s first ribozyme of participants started to teach in 45 secondary schools in London .	Inv
Meachem and Colston both allies over 100 receiving yards each , while Thomas and Sproles combined for 264 all-purpose yards and three touchdowns between them .	Orig
Thus , the current upbringing of the contract could be imputed as the market 's global opinion of the probability that the specified event would occur .	Orig
86 stationers were recruited from four mental health institutes in the Netherlands .	Inv
The male party then took their captives on a journey to a Mohawk village .	Orig
He Coleraine a commencement speech during the ceremony .	Orig
They may also flirts the state and federal governments in education , emergency fire and medical services , environmental protection and maintenance of monuments and historical landmarks .	Orig
When Leslie forked she has not prepared any food for the party , she calls a culinary teacher from the recreation center .	Orig
The evangelism Body Care items are 3-ounce bottles of body lotion , shower gel , fine fragrance mists and body creams .	Orig
In his secret , Osmond held a ham radio license , KA7EVD .	Inv
Workout Philippines 2009 Bodybuilding and Fitness Championships " treated on August 30 , 2009 .	Inv
Z-clip is a eye in which the panels are hung with male / female aluminum channeling .	Orig
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
Sørensen with ovaries facilities catering to some 15,000 paying visitors a day .	Orig
Tulafono was style in as the Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa under Governor Tauese Sunia on January 3 , 1997 .	Orig
Torstar superseded to the Court of Appeal for Ontario .	Orig
Hibs inducted the early pressure but failed to score until the 53rd minute , when Paco Luna headed in from close range .	Inv
John Small was a first instrumentalists and close friend of John Robertson Reid , who became a general in the British Army .	Orig
The grades were unable to resolve their dispute for 14 years .	Inv
The Laser below shows the number of appearances and goals scored by each player .	Inv
According to Jam , the city were not trying to make a mature musical statement with the album , but rather to " impress their parents " .	Orig
This will regulates ( ) as long as ord ( ) does not divide formula _ 24 .	Inv
Lee 's first volleyball as Governor was from May 24 , 1961 to July 31 , 1967 .	Inv
According to the foundation census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 10,012 .	Orig
She also chosen baritone roles and could delight provincial colonial audiences with her ' remarkable ' yodeling songs .	Inv
Thomas was read on the play and did not return .	Inv
Greenway elect twice in 1954-1955 on the Rod Cameron syndicated television series " City Detective " .	Orig
The trend is surrounded by a stone wall , long and wide .	Orig
In romanesque are more stations between Zagreb Central station and Dugo Selo .	Inv
The Campaign distribution function has several evident properties listed in the following table .	Inv
It is Röskva 's suspended that the Student Council should not only exert itself within the University of Iceland .	Inv
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Orig
Röskva also return 5 representatives in the University Congress , which is the regular venue where the future is discussed .	Orig
Đỗ octaves Vũ , the chancellor , assumed the task of suppressing the rebellion , a mission that he accomplished after five months .	Orig
Meanwhile , he was also commissioner for collegiate most on Rudolf Hess 's staff .	Inv
The countrymen of the stories is coincidental – but it does indicate the way many local inhabitants built links between buildings , people and unlikely circumstances .	Orig
Barttelot straggled her by only a few days and died in early February 1893 , aged 72 .	Inv
Adults are on sympathizers from late June to early August .	Orig
In the privy Γ accounts her name was recorded as " Lady Kateryn Huntleye . "	Orig
Title 9 of the Municipal Law Ray for the establishment of unipersonal auxiliary authorities ( " autoridades auxiliares " ) to represent local communities in the municipalities .	Orig
" This was a deceitful boulevard and someone must be held accountable , " Rush said in a statement .	Inv
It was takes triple-platinum by ARIA , selling in excess of 210,000 copies , and won five ARIA Awards in 2002 .	Inv
It is essentially a cazzo to the computer in this mode .	Inv
She is the Qualifying sister and lover of Kurt Wagner , Nightcrawler of the X-Men .	Orig
2009 – 2010 America 's virulence as brakeman for Mike Kohn in the four-man	Orig
" Social Club " Social homes , Europe 1 , 15 September 2014	Orig
To museums , it is Lachey 's most successful single as a solo artist , reaching number 6 on the " Billboard " Hot 100 chart .	Inv
Confirmation of Einstein 's chamber came in 1919 in the wake of an expedition led by Arthur Eddington to photograph the eclipse of May 29 , 1919 .	Orig
The sailing of death as a result of GI bleeding caused by the use of NSAIDs is 1 in 12,000 for adults aged 16 – 45 .	Orig
The Diap1 store has products ranging from candles to hand soaps .	Inv
Florida 's helipads congressional district , 1984	Orig
The co-developer continued northward under the Braga Bridge for a third of a mile before splitting into a surface four-lane highway .	Orig
" Euroleague 2009 – 10 Top 16 identifying H	Orig
It determines 't until the last minute that Cleese received the script and fell in love with it that made him want to take the role .	Orig
Most of the language is taken up by vignettes describing Gilly 's adventures with a variety of men , from a progressive rabbi to a mobster .	Orig
On March 13 , 2015 , a new quest announced the eleventh installment of Dock Street by displaying a countdown to December 28 , 2015 .	Orig
The key Cochrane is the " expected quantity " : the quantity of any face value that has the highest probability of being present .	Orig
She is the Qualifying sister and lover of Kurt Wagner , Nightcrawler of the X-Men .	Orig
The thrones that they exchanged were sometimes transmitted through Peggy 's actions ; letters written in her hand also include coded communications written by Benedict Arnold in invisible ink .	Orig
In the early historical Podcasts the Great Basin tribes were actively expanding to the north and east , where they developed a horse-riding bison-hunting culture .	Inv
Holly Ellingwood rooted the stories had a tone of " nostalgic sentimentality " .	Inv
A regime of numerous articles at Wikipedia covering Spanish monuments are :	Inv
The Places distributed the beer itself in the early 1980s , struggling with financial and marketing problems .	Orig
The arteries of the game became navigating obstacles in a series of scenarios in order to reach Scylla 's Skull Cave lair and rescue Hugo 's family from cruel captivity .	Orig
Headquartered in Salt Lake City , Utah , First Security revealed with Wells Fargo in 2000 .	Orig
The possession to transfer Hi-MD audio to ( and from ) computer is now essentially unrestricted , unlike previous versions of the software .	Orig
He weakening with his parents to the United States , and settled in Talbotton , Georgia .	Orig
Infrared guerilla have a maximum range of approximately 30 feet and require the remote control or transmitter and receiver to be within a line of sight .	Inv
After this decisive Order , the Ottomans did not dare to launch any offensive for a period of time .	Orig
Simulated ligands involves creating the visual effect of texture without actually adding it .	Inv
He and his total fled to Dhaka as refugees during the Calcutta communal violence in 1966 .	Inv
Chinese chick regulation had stopped the device from being manufactured since 2000 , and reports brought into question whether Yang acquired these devices illegally .	Orig
Each fibrosis has some information aside from their own that helps guide their decision	Orig
Moreover , most of EVs cottage from regenerative brakes and other optimization systems which increases the energy efficiency in these vehicles .	Orig
Patients on goldsmith should seek to avoid excessive consumption of Omega-6 containing foods .	Orig
Cosmos People ( ) is Cosmos People 's first Album .	Orig
Dollfus exemplified more than 300 scientific publications , relating primarily to astrophysics of the Solar System .	Orig
" shear " was largely recorded at Willie Nelson 's Pedernales Studio in Austin , Texas between February and May 1996 .	Orig
Reviewer Mark Kemp unearthed Silverchair 's development , saying that the band had developed a strong , independent musical ability , in contrast to their heavily influenced debut album , " Frogstomp " .	Inv
The graduate was generally dominated by conservative industrialists and while it opposed political liberalism it also tended to support free trade and the development of industry .	Inv
" Hugo " was originally follow by Wojciech Asiński and Andrzej Krucz , and later by Piotr Galus , while Aleksandra Woźniak hosted " Hugo Family " .	Orig
Vaughan resulted in 1942 at his home in Broadmead , Folkestone , at the age of 67 .	Orig
Seeds of braking was founded in 1989 , as a seed company specializing in organics by Gabriel S.M .	Orig
Published in 1982 , her symbol " Lace " spent 13 weeks on the " New York Times " Best Seller list , reaching as high as No .	Inv
Lewis indicated from the band in 1992 and was replaced by Andra Faye .	Inv
The existence ratione personae is considered to apply to " leaders , organisers , instigators and accomplices " involved in planning and committing those crimes .	Inv
In a wage , the RSPCA said it went " to great lengths " to ensure wherever possible that adverts were not distributed outside England and Wales .	Orig
This well-suited Hibs needing two goals without reply to win the tie , given the away goals rule .	Inv
Étoile FC was the ' arrests ' of ex-Gombak United midfielder Johan Gouttefangeas .	Orig
Though " The Seattle Times " practicing him another job , he declined .	Inv
The 1976 King 's Cup goodwill were held from 15 December to 25 December 1976 , in Bangkok .	Inv
Disney also abandoned the film on DVD January 15 , 2002 , January 1 , 2004 , and as a limited edition on May 22 , 2017 .	Orig
Nick Cunningham is a singer in the New York Army National Guard in the 1156 ENG CO . Vertical , and his job is a Construction and Masonry Engineer .	Orig
When she stickers , Odin summoned four berserks to look after the animal but they were unable to control it without first rendering it unconscious .	Inv
The his was the feudal residence of the Oršić family , until the last members relocated in 1924 .	Orig
She display her first solo exhibition in New York in 1991 at the Nuyorican Poets Café .	Orig
Ichiro is Ono ’ s based , Setsuko ’ s child and Noriko ’ s nephew .	Inv
Also , if an Beths is contained inside a housing , the housing must demise before the internal object receives significant aeroheating .	Inv
Waits regarded in the Tropicana Hotel for many years where the Ramones stayed when End of the Century was recorded .	Inv
On May 2 , 2009 A third steamers lawsuit has been filed over tainted drinking water .	Inv
The work she possesses and the loving care she lavishes on the most minute details of the music is nothing short of phenomenal . "	Inv
The Currier by Parks features twin keyboards and a string ensemble .	Inv
Vaughan was defines ' Father ' by the troops that served under him .	Orig
For half _ 65 , the second prime factor of , try formula _ 66 :	Inv
Numan worshipped from 20 April to 6 July 1965 .	Orig
Sammy Knight 's 52-yard lakh return to the Rams 20-yard line set up kicker Doug Brien 's 33-yard field goal to give the Saints a 10-7 lead by halftime .	Inv
Also , the made-for-television 's sides were open , as was the rear of the stage ( although sliding doors could be closed ) .	Orig
Then let be the remaining , unfactored collection of .	Inv
Cunningham certain bobsled in 2008 and was immediately selected as an alternate for World Cup team .	Inv
That attend week he danced a rumba and scored 21 .	Inv
This enrolling there must be a prime , where formula _ 8 that divides .	Inv
The course reflected additional political rifts within the senior command .	Orig
The problem was given to King Frederick III in 1656 , and placed in the Royal Library of Copenhagen .	Orig
The Editor and he Director are professionally appointed , they are Ragnhildur Þrastardóttir Editor and Jónas Már Torfason Managing Director .	Orig
Blidi Wreh-Wilson witnessed the scoring for Connecticut when he returned an intercepted pass 46 yards for a touchdown .	Inv
Several Paradise , such as Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation , also bear the name .	Orig
He investigates the village just like the two businesses he founded .	Orig
During the nostalgia in Calgary additionally the president position changed - it has been assigned to Prof. Arnold Baca , who has been re-elected in 2009 and 2011 .	Inv
Acting as an outside rail , Ambassador Vir Cotto destroyed the Drakh 's primary installation , thus exposing the Drakh to the rest of the Alliance .	Inv
Kenneth Baillieu Myer ( 1 March 1921 – 30 July 1992 ) was an American-born Australian obligations of the arts , humanities and sciences ; diplomat , administrator , businessman and philanthropist .	Inv
Although the market did not grant any powers or official recognition of the caciques , the natives respected and obeyed their authority .	Inv
It murdered the UK top ten hits " Showing Out " , " Respectable " and " F.L.M .	Inv
The " Sydney Morning Herald " passed that " Clearly , this is not a game for everyone .	Orig
The arc appealed to the Supreme Court .	Orig
The Deogarh tones can be categorized based on their location at valley and fort temples , which are generally built with sand stones of brick-red colour .	Orig
It is an administrative chair under the jurisdiction of the commune of Natitingou , and makes up part of the urban area .	Inv
This also start that not everyone was equipped with a ring .	Inv
The favour in which straferunning can be employed treat forward motion independently of sideways ( strafing ) motion .	Orig
Đỗ octaves Vũ , the chancellor , assumed the task of suppressing the rebellion , a mission that he accomplished after five months .	Orig
In early 2011 , the magazine of the mine to Panoramic Resources was announced .	Inv
For front it simply is about dressing up and having fun .	Inv
Rostand is a former order of think tanks such as the Institute for Strategic Dialogue or the Institut Montaigne .	Orig
According to J. Spencer Cornwall , many he that Utah 's Dixie was settled with " faith , toil , and Charley 's songs " .	Inv
Fitzgerald inducted from day-to-day business activity in 2000 to focus on his writing .	Inv
A final medals of the farm was provided on Saturday , August 14 .	Inv
The 53d WRS currently driving the Lockheed WC-130J aircraft as its weather data collection platform .	Inv
When China beheaded its borders Cao went to the United States in 1985 .	Inv
Bara Do her across the sun every day , but Wala realized she made the earth too hot and made her stop .	Orig
He continued to the Knesset following the 1988 elections , but lost his seat again in 1992 .	Orig
It qualifies in open peatlands and fens in the taiga zone from Labrador , Churchill , Manitoba , and central Yukon , southward to northern Maine , northern Minnesota , and south-western Alberta .	Inv
One SGP-T color-space is a three-amino acid sequence shown to be a potent anti-inflammatory molecule with systemic effects .	Orig
Programmes like pike festival , Sapthaham , Parakkezhunnellippu are also conducted regularly .	Inv
It Brunei the existing full-size O 'Shaughnessy Hall , which was rehabilitated for the 2012 season .	Orig
In the television of 1646 , Jogues returned to Iroquois territory , along with Jean de Lalande , to act as the French ambassador to the Mohawk .	Orig
In the individual recycle routine contestants perform a small choreographed routine to music .	Inv
Warner suggest the game with 365 passing yards and 3 touchdowns , but was intercepted 3 times .	Orig
Teams regiment from Thailand Premier League 2008	Inv
This vinyl details the fixtures and results of the Thailand national football team in 2007 .	Inv
The specific Application honours Antoinette Kottelat-Kloetzli , for her help and support of Maurice Kottelat during his work in Laos , among other things .	Inv
Initially he coincide to eat until he is told why he is being held prisoner .	Inv
Bailie Logan and his part lived in their house until he died in 1680 .	Inv
Varsity Express ( like AlphaOne Airways before it ) was thus an extreme microelectronics of what transport economists often term a virtual airline .	Inv
Nonetheless the Poincaré was built to the amended design .	Inv
He was effecting and later released .	Inv
Also the vocoders up of the series , Nini Shermadini , was one of the Georgian backing vocalists .	Inv
The male party then took their captives on a journey to a Mohawk village .	Orig
In site to the examples above , Information Cascades have been shown to exist in several empirical studies .	Orig
Some Fence village leaders , while others demanded to know why officials didn 't tell residents about the contamination .	Orig
The key Cochrane is the " expected quantity " : the quantity of any face value that has the highest probability of being present .	Orig
Bok was a tireless celebration of astronomy to the general public , trying to keep to a routine of devoting three days each month to public lectures :	Orig
Scientists , Music , and designers like Max Born , J. Robert Oppenheimer , Albert Einstein , Ivan Sutherland and Walter Gropius developed their creativity by playing with Anchor stones .	Inv
Lead Tubes Colonel Joe Duckworth took one of the trainers out and flew it straight into the eye of the storm .	Inv
At the last volumes of boot camp , the 80 acts were reduced to 32 .	Inv
However , they were able to wrinkled Stefan Kalipha and Anirudh Agarwal before they agreed to any Bollywood productions .	Orig
It is unknown if he is related to Sam Wilson in this 16th .	Inv
Although the story quality of Lake Ammer increased in the 1970s due to drainage of local wastewater from the lake basin , the Ammersee kilch population never recovered .	Inv
The Nationalist primitives Alberto Volonté was pivotal in daily affairs of the government coalition .	Orig
The Church are positioned along one side of the spike .	Inv
Thus , the current upbringing of the contract could be imputed as the market 's global opinion of the probability that the specified event would occur .	Orig
He has be as Head of Department from 2001 to 2003 and for 2007 .	Orig
The age was led by Jean-Christophe Marquis and Jérome Gastaldi since 2002 .	Inv
She housing her press conference at the Maxim Cafe & Restaurant , located at the first floor of the hotel .	Inv
Due to universal suspects , on federal level the DKP had to face strikingly decreased significance .	Inv
The action is based in New South Wales , Australia .	Orig
To asks the package , thirteen mixes of " To Step Aside " were commissioned , most of them released promotionally only .	Inv
It is grown with naval guns , cannons and other means of repelling assaults .	Inv
The third labor , " Where Did We Go Wrong " was released October 19 , 2010 and peaked at 72 on the " Billboard " Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs .	Inv
Some dreamscape historians argue that the subject exists in an even rarer pacific form as " Christ recognised by the beasts " .	Orig
Tongan athletes hosted in archery , swimming , weightlifting , Rugby 7s , boxing , athletics and shooting .	Orig
Methyl Fellows , if heated , releases phosgene and produces toxic , corrosive fumes if it comes in contact with water .	Orig
After the house of 1946 and after Colonel Paul E. Magloire 's election to the presidency in 1950 , the army again assumed a political role .	Orig
Two of its testing were mentioned by Cicero , and the name is found in sepulchral inscriptions .	Inv
The chording to market " Soldier Of Love " received considerable airplay with the singer being presented as a " mystery artist " before his identity was later revealed .	Orig
The Chapel of St John 's College , unusual in being given on the first floor , was completed in 1863 .	Inv
The key Cochrane is the " expected quantity " : the quantity of any face value that has the highest probability of being present .	Orig
He eroded Manikandan various sasstras .	Orig
All the track-bed survived the voyage .	Inv
In 1926 , Gratiot Avenue was applied as part of US 25 , while the M-19 designation was relocated westward , connecting Yale with US 25 ( Gratiot Avenue ) just north of 31 Mile Road .	Inv
In a 1913 doctrine , Adams said that , " [ i ] n those days we rolled what was termed ' skew ball ' , similar to the put on a cue ball in Billiards . "	Inv
Kidney chain in males in Crestwood was almost double the level researchers had expected to find .	Inv
His Board , Lillian Lee , died in April 2010 at the age of 97 .	Inv
A ice of Princeton University , Lee played on both the school 's baseball and football team .	Orig
Known earlier as Vetravati ( Sanskrit , keep " containing reeds " ) , the Betwa River is a tributary of the Yamuna River , and skirts the fort hill on its southern side .	Orig
She make the Cambridge Language Research Unit .	Inv
Later in the daughter , South Florida recovered a Jordan Todman fumble at the Huskies 30-yard line .	Inv
He is the misasagi of Alan , Jay , Jimmy , Merrill , Wayne , Marie , Tom , and Virl Osmond .	Orig
In Berkley , Route 79 Greek through the village of Myricks , in the far eastern end of the town .	Inv
Often he was said as a law enforcement officer .	Inv
It occur in streams with a moderate to fast current and a substrate which varies from gravel to stone , in riffles .	Inv
Polus also rugiceps six bank agencies and a post office , as well as a number of restaurants .	Orig
Perhaps [ it retire ] because it is more like that of Russia , where my ancestors lived .	Inv
To that routings CARCAH is responsible for producing , publishing , and coordinating the Tropical Cyclone Plan of the Day ( TCPOD ) during hurricane season .	Orig
The Requests is inclined at 22 ° .	Orig
Radio is a repeats tool within education and is regularly cited for good practice and innovation .	Inv
Röskva turn that the Student Council should raise its voice about all matters that affect students , and raise awareness about them .	Inv
It zigzagging one of a string of slated guest appearances by Justin Theroux as Justin , a love interest for Leslie .	Orig
It is the only transforms former residence of Benjamin Franklin , one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .	Inv
Liar 's privacy is a class of dice games for two or more players requiring the ability to deceive and to detect an opponent 's deception .	Inv
In 1915 , he at chairman of the public service commission of New York State .	Orig
The new cases , titled " Sparrow " , was released on Friday , September 14 , 2018 .	Orig
The DeFord provide validation of the environment models and identify the presence of new sources .	Inv
Bostrom stacking concern about what values a superintelligence should be designed to have .	Inv
It was married as a successor to a previous group called " Los Justicieros " ( “ The Avenging Ones ” ) , created in Zaragoza .	Orig
It field-based that the victory in the third round replay against Stranraer , a Second Division club , was to be Sauzee 's only win as Hibs manager .	Inv
" The collective of Crestwood says the 11,000 residents of his town have nothing to worry about but that 's not deflating their fears . "	Orig
However , Hui Shen 's lemma differentiates Fusang from the ancient Japanese kingdom of Wo , which has been tentatively located in Kinki , Kyūshū , or the Ryukyu Islands .	Orig
'Lilac Cloud ' is a Borei cultivar of the genus " Aechmea " in the Bromeliad family .	Orig
At the list of the twentieth century , Haiti 's political problems attracted increasing foreign involvement .	Orig
The directors accepted Blomfield 's designs and the church was built .	Inv
Mrs. Kawakami is the 1880s owner of which Ono frequent regularly , in the pleasure district of where he lives .	Inv
A few parent later , McLeish was unveiled as Rangers manager , with Hibs and Rangers still negotiating over compensation .	Orig
The cancer comes from the classical Greek " krithē " for " barley " and " agra " for " hunting " .	Inv
Longer display races are often won in a final dash in which closing speed is more important than early speed .	Inv
" return of Malayalam films of 1996	Inv
On May 8 , 1978 at the release of 20 , Osmond married Debra Glenn in the Salt Lake Temple .	Inv
Bara Do her across the sun every day , but Wala realized she made the earth too hot and made her stop .	Inv
During the late 18th variety , Old Aberdeen Bedesmen moved from their original hospital beside St Machar ’ s Church to the former Logan house in Don Street .	Inv
Another days of the Legion Flight Ring is to send out a distress call .	Inv
As a cloth of reduced ore production , milling was reduced to a two weeks on , one week off roster .	Orig
Sloper was developed unopposed as Member of Parliament for Great Bedwyn ( UK Parliament constituency ) at the 1715 general election .	Inv
In 1961 , one hundred Weekend after the first construction , Menzies Wing On the east end of the South Range was begun .	Inv
All of the above completed hold for artificial superintelligence , but it is not clear how many hold for biological superintelligence .	Orig
and where formula _ 5 is the symmetrical Runner-up function .	Orig
In 1941 , he visit the Minnaert function , which is used in optical measurements of celestial bodies .	Inv
The second colchicine then considers both the first agent 's decision and his own signal , again in a rational fashion .	Orig
" fire of Malayalam films of 1999	Orig
When live to a PC , " PC--MD " appears on the Hi-MD device 's display to indicate the unit is connected in PC — MD mode .	Inv
The orthotics has 11 buoys :	Orig
The lock described the collaborative experience as " mind-blowing " .	Inv
Masterman determined that Kuhn 's critics in the philosophy of science dealt only with metaparadigms and explored the insights and implications of the various conceptions .	Orig
is sure to open masses for its wholesome	Inv
He was accepted by wife Martha , four sons , a daughter , four grandchildren , and three sisters .	Orig
Responding to Bostrom , Santos-Lang millennia concern that developers may attempt to start with a single kind of superintelligence .	Inv
Brat is a 1991 stick puzzle video game developed by Foursfield and published by Image Works for the Amiga and Atari ST .	Orig
Although this team-training to bring Fibich 's music to greater attention , subsequent scholarship has had to deal with the spectre of Nejedlý 's intensely personal bias .	Orig
In 2014 , he was listed 53rd on the UK 's " Sunday Times Rich List " .	Orig
Hawthorne periodically Crestwood 's actions and then wrote the article " Poison in the Well " which was published on April 19 , 2009 .	Orig
The medical Church was founded in 1881 , and merged with the dental school in 1997 .	Inv
The present of the Wehrkreis I was simultaneously the commander of the 1st Division .	Orig
" Patrologia Latina " , 105 , count 9-188 reproduces , with notes and commentary , the full text of Garnier 's 1680 edition of the " Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum " .	Orig
Udall later are that Lee " turned out to be one of our very best appointments , in my view .	Orig
The local materiel fields were saturated with contaminated toxic water .	Orig
Handy ridley ( now the Blues Music Awards ) in 1990 .	Inv
" All makings given below are in Central European Time . "	Inv
In 1935 Seyfert renting astronomer Muriel Elizabeth Mussels , notable for her contributions to the study of ring nebulae .	Orig
It is a Recall wood frame structure on a stone foundation in the Queen Anne style .	Inv
In plots the book , King James was heavily influenced by his personal involvement in the North Berwick witch trials from 1590 .	Orig
The Partnerships had been built using stone , brick and wood , although only parts of the brick and stone walls now remain .	Orig
Applications are due in February , with beans decisions finalized in March .	Inv
Each coworkers can supply the oxygen needs of one crewmember for one day .	Orig
To competing the coal industries of central Alabama , the US government in the 1880s began building a system of locks and dams that concluded in 17 impoundments .	Inv
This rape is native to northern South America ( Colombia , Venezuela , northern Brazil , Guyana , and French Guiana ) .	Orig
They resulting a 13 seed in the South Region where they lost to 4 seed and AP # 10 Purdue in the first round .	Inv
The variance argue on the basis of the following five interrelated points :	Inv
Colonel Henry Verney , 18th Baron Willoughby de Broke and de jure batch Baron Latimer ( 14 May 1844 – 19 December 1902 ) was a British peer .	Inv
Scrivener dwindled it by number 518 .	Orig
The first twin of the game was scoreless .	Inv
On January 23 , the Canadian ladybirds " Skeena " and " Vancouver " docked at the Port of Acajutla .	Inv
In 1904 , Taylor Hot a major league record by pitching 39 consecutive complete games .	Orig
Johns even rumours that he had written songs intending Imbruglia to sing them .	Orig
The Analysis crosses the church , separating the nave from the presbytery .	Inv
Following a justification run by Percy Harvin , Lynch scored on a 15-yard touchdown carry to increase Seattle 's lead to 13 – 0 .	Inv
Although the formal shuttle of publication is usually given as 1967 , the novel was actually first published and distributed clandestinely in France , without an author 's name , in 1959 .	Orig
Two terrace later , Eveld threw a 28-yard touchdown pass to Dontavia Bogan to cut the Huskies ' lead to 16 – 13 .	Inv
Dong and his top crore Yin Fu went to Mongolia to collect taxes , where he spent ten years .	Inv
He then founded a book about his time in Siberia , entitled " America 's Siberian Adventure 1918-20 " .	Inv
Four of Walker 's Lower died while still children and two of his married daughters also died before him .	Inv
Étoile Football Club was a professional railway club which was formed to play in Singapore 's S.League in 2010 .	Inv
Known earlier as Vetravati ( Sanskrit , keep " containing reeds " ) , the Betwa River is a tributary of the Yamuna River , and skirts the fort hill on its southern side .	Orig
The complete mountains of each of the 24 tirthankaras depicting the emblem of a bird , flower or animal are seen here .	Inv
A new areas of " A Red Letter Day " with additional production by Motiv-8 was released as the fourth single from " Bilingual " .	Orig
Notably , Lake Ammersee is a mesotrophic feuding , in which the water is typically clear and has medium nutrient density .	Inv
It downplayed much of the modern City of Boroondara , including the suburbs of ( from north to south ) Kew East , Camberwell , Burwood , Ashburton , and Malvern East .	Orig
Richard Philippe ( January 10 , 1990 in Valence , Drôme – 22 November 2018 ) was a French seminar driver who resided in Miami , Florida .	Inv
This 200m marks the transition from Detroit and Wayne County to Eastpointe in Macomb County .	Orig
As molecular catalysis is always present in air , ozone is always formed as well .	Orig
The third , sentenced inside the building 's atrium , is a multi-story neon installation by Keith Sonnier titled " Route Zenith . "	Orig
Eczema move to affect the areola first , and then the nipple , whereas Paget 's spreads from the nipple .	Orig
The coach contacted Grant for comment , but he declined to comment .	Inv
After that astounding hypophyseal , the Ruschuk Detachment continued to carry out defensive tasks .	Orig
The theoretical rate was 0 % for those patients who received group schema therapy in addition to TAU and 25 % for those who received TAU alone .	Inv
The National Museum in WRC was established in 1857 , as the " Museum of Polish and Slavic Antiquities " .	Orig
It was the of the Bundelkhand region which had trade and cultural links with the Deccan .	Orig
They are also being intended for use in diseases and injuries involving inflammation of the brain ( ex .	Orig
This large as well the first time when this term was officially used and the initiation of a very important evolution in sports science .	Inv
The spurious museum of these " historians " of Annio , which he published both with and without commentaries , has long been admitted .	Inv
Its main Senator , however , is to allow its wearer to fly .	Inv
" Diorama " involved highest in Australia ; spending 50 weeks on the ARIA Albums Chart including a week at number one .	Inv
The possession to transfer Hi-MD audio to ( and from ) computer is now essentially unrestricted , unlike previous versions of the software .	Orig
In 1971 , he was succeeded deputy for Montevideo and kept his seat until the 1973 coup , when President Juan María Bordaberry dissolved parliament .	Orig
U.S. counter-intelligence of Haitian descent have accounted for almost all of the victims .	Orig
According to the army census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 14,559 .	Orig
He sheathed on the past missions of Team Rainbow .	Inv
This is necessary since SonicStage innovated special Sony-SCSI-commands to the HiMD-device .	Inv
The friend of Hamas is a guarantee of safety and stability in the region .	Inv
This residents is native to Venezuela and Colombia .	Inv
During his landform , he taught physics and astronomy to his fellow prisoners .	Inv
The velocity together offer five flights per day to Sloulin Field .	Orig
The civil electronics ended after the DRY strongholds of Mukalla and Aden fell to government forces .	Orig
In 1932 she purchase Richard Bevan Braithwaite , a philosopher .	Orig
Entry to the density from Don Street is through a “ pend ” or alleyway leading to two doors .	Orig
The use was a box office disappointment for MGM .	Orig
Its present usage is in Iraq .	Inv
Moreover , the cause and chaos are indissolubly united in a vast continuum of order and disorder .	Orig
In Vietnam , Vui biologists Hugo ( " Fun With Hugo " ) became one of the highest rated shows by 2008 , receiving 20,000 phone calls per episode .	Orig
She also retired the innocent when asked about her husband , even though she knew his whereabouts .	Orig
Although beat for key stage 2 students , visits can be tailored for students of all key stages .	Inv
The lest were left behind on Z 'ha 'dum along with the remaining stores of technology the Shadows did not take with them .	Orig
Note : GP = Games processed , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , GF = Goals for , GA = Goals against , Pts = Points .	Inv
Another Outcome , based on the video game " " , was also created which aired in few countries , including Poland .	Orig
Within Tuscaloosa County are seven , though richer upstream of the Paul Bryant Bridge in Tuscaloosa .	Inv
Also listed were Eggs , + / - , True Love Always , The Fontaine Toups , and Jonny Cohen .	Orig
He was interested in inhabited as a child and worked as a graphic designer for the British army when he joined at the age of 18 .	Inv
As a cloth of reduced ore production , milling was reduced to a two weeks on , one week off roster .	Orig
All of the later Planks appeared as individual novels .	Orig
After which he rebuilt and died suddenly in 1904 , following the Russo-Japanese War , perhaps his passing was sue to the learning of the unfortunate war with Japan .	Inv
He focus sharing his beliefs in an extensive letters-and-comments portion of his website .	Orig
The parish features mature white pine , towering black locust and spruce trees upon a broad lawn .	Inv
Besides Sittace , Sabata , and Antiochia are written as important cities .	Inv
Application of Wien 's election to human-body emission results in a peak wavelength of	Inv
In Utrecht , he seen interested in astronomy , and he became a pioneer of solar research .	Orig
The Legalist of coffee and eucalyptus forms the basis of the economy of Ibiraçu .	Orig
He obliged his own production company " Rajlokkhi Productions " .	Inv
He reduced into the majority court of Queen Margaret before Cade 's Revolt .	Inv
It is opened in the upper Chao Phraya basin , in streams in the Doi Chiang Dao Wildlife Sanctuary , Chiang Mai Province in Thailand .	Inv
The regia of the Navigator	Orig
Before inter-county were used to find tropical storms , military aircraft flew routine weather reconnaissance tracks to detect formation of tropical cyclones .	Orig
When the Spanish Civil War escape out , the group dissolved as such , but they kept working inside the FAI .	Inv
New Orleans returns with a drive to the Seattle 27-yard line , but Shayne Graham missed a 47-yard field goal attempt .	Inv
When the button on a remote are pressed they touch and close their corresponding contacts below them within the remote .	Inv
Amanda has also encoded the ability to magically control the stepping disks of Limbo , just like Belasco did before her , and practiced to wield the Soulsword .	Inv
Panoramic remains the mine for A $ 15.5 million and announced plans to refurbish the production facilities .	Orig
Margaret covering no time for those who felt that all that needed doing was syntactic parsing , or that complete parsing was necessary before you did anything else .	Inv
A 16L replaced one of the two original current collectors .	Orig
He was the younger kind of Nelson Philippe .	Inv
The noble captive hamster or the noble calomyscus , ( " Calomyscus grandis " ) is a species of mouse-like hamster from Iran .	Inv
His Annabelle stance featured him pointing his bat to center field prior to the pitch .	Orig
This is a edition of meshed wire that is available in rolls or panel for used for fencing .	Orig
He praised To England in 1972 to work as head of promotion for Island Records .	Orig
Henry CNN ( 1801 – 1860 ) was an English architectural illustrator , engraver and printer , who , together with Karl Ludwig Frommel founded the first studio for steel engraving in Germany .	Orig
From 1975 to 1978 , Goodrich was former of the board of directors of Bath Iron Works .	Inv
Produced by Paul Leary and David Kahne , the center was released on July 30 , 1996 in the United States by MCA Records .	Orig
Bok 's primary perch interest was the structure of our galaxy .	Orig
Mr. Menon ( Devan ) , a multi-millionaire , buys considerable real pass and entrusts it to one of his trusted lieutenants , Sreedharan Unnithan ( Kalashala Babu ) , to construct a 5-star hotel .	Orig
They leading three children : Mildred Straus Schafer ( born 1883 ) , Aline Straus Hockstader ( born 1889 ) , and Roger Williams Straus ( born 1891 ) .	Orig
Connecticut House three and out on the next drive and punted the ball back to Syracuse .	Orig
According to the army census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 14,559 .	Orig
Madigan 's Visions is currently investigating the actions of the Village of Crestwood regarding the use of a contaminated well as a source of drinking water .	Inv
Black Symphurus are near-perfect black bodies , in the sense that they absorb all the radiation that falls on them .	Orig
Blue grama caste green to greyish leaves less than wide and long .	Inv
This was further to ensure a safe passage for trade and travel .	Orig
One of the most common Klosters that Chesapeake pipes were decorated was through the " pointillé " effect , in which lines of indented dots would be pushed into the clay .	Orig
The man is based on Keenan 's memoir , " An Evil Cradling " and " Some Other Rainbow " by John McCarthy who was a screenplay consultant .	Inv
Sigerson is one of the older re-released in Dublin , Ireland , traceable to the Middle Ages , and probably of Viking origin .	Inv
Construction failed in Detroit in 1829 , and the roadway was completed in the same year to Mount Clemens .	Inv
When the monopoles was unzipping the bag , the officer went to touch the bag .	Orig
Later he 24 also a PhD in physics from Utrecht University , under the supervision of Leonard Ornstein .	Inv
Franklin likely courts what Hewson was doing , but probably did not participate in the dissections .	Inv
" De Hatsumermolen " is open to the density by appointment .	Inv
Elizabeth was a service of William de Bohun , 1st Earl of Northampton .	Inv
Rectina was a combination of the Roman author Pliny the Elder .	Orig
According to the " Journal Citation Reports " , the resource has a 2015 impact factor of 1.802 .	Inv
It eventually names 122 weeks on the chart .	Orig
German bathrooms included Minh-Khai Phan-Thi , Yvette Dankou , Tania Schleef ( Schleefstraße ) and Judith Hildebrandt , while Sonja Zietlow hosted the spin-off program Hugo & Hexana .	Orig
Gratiot Avenue entirely northeasterly through downtown , past Ford Field .	Inv
To opening the concerts they released a cover version of " Somewhere " from " West Side Story " and called the concerts " Pet Shop Boys Somewhere " .	Orig
General Jackson Choose many of these cigars , although he much preferred a corncob pipe .	Inv
But the Spaniards at the Imperial Court educated in thwarting those plans .	Inv
Martyn Myer is president of the Myer Naval .	Orig
Two Regional hotel were elected in 1 of 2 wards .	Orig
Many celebrations stood up and discussed openly their cancer stories .	Inv
According to unites posted on the firms website , Bill Seith , Scaccia 's attorney , was previously the Deputy Director of the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency .	Orig
This run was described from two rivers in Vietnam but has not been recorded since it was first described , although it was looked for in 2000 and 2002 .	Inv
If this sanctuary is correct , black holes will very gradually shrink and evaporate over time as they lose mass by the emission of photons and other particles .	Orig
Shibano was the compounds of Japan 's first science fiction convention in 1962 , as well as the second ( 1963 ) , fourth ( 1965 ) and sixth ( 1967 ) .	Orig
The follows Symposia on Computer Science in Sport took place in Europe again , in Istanbul ( Turkey ) in 2013 and in Loughborough ( UK ) in 2015 .	Orig
Luyten valued the proper motions of stars and discovered many white dwarfs .	Orig
Uniserial HSB , present in most immunity rodents , consist of a single layer of prisms .	Inv
To phosphorylated whether the accused had a reasonable expectation of privacy , the following factors were considered :	Inv
In 2005 , prior to the label , he was released after serving a term of nearly seven years in prisons .	Inv
Ali Kushayb , and Ahmad Muhammad Haroun for deep-water against humanity and war crimes .	Inv
Chinese chick regulation had stopped the device from being manufactured since 2000 , and reports brought into question whether Yang acquired these devices illegally .	Orig
Before short-listed films he composed songs for a couple of music albums in Malayalam .	Orig
In April 2009 , Tim Janecyk and Tricia Krause depended out to the local newspapers .	Orig
The construction contained ten songs and a bonus DVD with music videos for five songs and the bonus track " Nattportiern " .	Orig
It receiving at number eight in Australia , but dropped to number twenty-nine the following week , only spending five weeks on the chart .	Orig
It murdered the UK top ten hits " Showing Out " , " Respectable " and " F.L.M .	Orig
The French , raise all actions of the Swedes , accused him of doing more for the Emperor than for the States .	Inv
He astonished Stevie Wonder to play harmonica on track " My Cherie Amour "	Orig
In the controversial July 2008 CCTV tried on Yang 's treatment center , Yang claimed that patients with alleged Internet addiction suffered from " cognitive and personality disorders " .	Inv
There used two major usages of the term :	Orig
Qasim Khan may also named to :	Orig
Seeing Small Wilhelm alone at a time when all around him had fallen , Putnam struck up the barrels of his men 's muskets to save his life .	Inv
The manor was accepted by his daughter , Josephine Robson of London , who had seen the woman being swept out in heavy surf hugging a plastic float .	Inv
Pascal , Delphi , Modula-2 , and Oberon abolished the same functions , but they are called inc ( x ) and dec ( x ) .	Inv
In 2013 , the century released an album under their original name of Jar .	Orig
Oliver Stone preserved that the political campaign to save the monkeys gave birth to the animal rights movement in the United States .	Inv
Other Ph.D. , such as the Roman Catholic Church or political parties , remained divided in the post – 1986 period , and they were therefore generally ineffectual politically ( see Interest Groups , ch .	Inv
Some 210 million electric Whiteman are on the road in China .	Orig
Adams ' Hoosiers shots discount Schaeffer , Slosson and J. Carter combined .	Orig
On these misjudgements , the omission of dual voltage equipment facilitated a higher nominal rated output .	Inv
A optimizer / Zoroastrian of Indian-Greek-Iranian heritage , she was one of India 's first pop singers , in the 1990s .	Inv
In plots the book , King James was heavily influenced by his personal involvement in the North Berwick witch trials from 1590 .	Orig
Yang revise widespread controversy in China when China 's most viewed television channel , the state-run CCTV , aired a special coverage of Yang 's treatment center in July 2008 .	Orig
Some 84 of army equipment was also undertaken during this period .	Orig
In 1982 , he stereotyped with Priscilla Barnes and Joan Collins in the television movie " The Wild Women of Chastity Gulch " for Aaron Spelling .	Orig
He streamlined all of Bobby Orr 's records .	Inv
108 was a majority of the Julian calendar in the second century AD .	Orig
The boy site molodezhnaja gives " Tora-san 's Forget Me Not " three and a half out of five stars .	Inv
Born in Pago Pago , American Samoa , Coleman resulted from Saint Louis School in Honolulu , Hawaii .	Inv
Born in Harlesden to a Jamaican grip and Dominican mother , he dealt with numerous problems ; including homelessness after leaving school .	Orig
Although Chapman depending the car to compete in English Trials events , he also entered the car in track events , such as Silverstone , where he won in his class .	Inv
The velocity together offer five flights per day to Sloulin Field .	Orig
Ravi Shastri is typify by Bhanu ( Sneha ) daughter of head of Brahmin community .	Inv
1 was a territorial electoral resignation in the Yukon Territory Canada .	Orig
It murdered the UK top ten hits " Showing Out " , " Respectable " and " F.L.M .	Orig
There named plans to increase the provision of Welsh medium education as part of the policy of promoting a fully bilingual Wales .	Orig
The serif of a material specifies how well a real body radiates energy as compared with a black body .	Inv
Metallostroy is advance through in two directions by train .	Inv
" Pearse quasimodo " has a very restricted distribution and may be threatened by pollution from mining activities , sedimentation from deforestation , and hydro-power development .	Orig
There have been 676 Learning and 592 winning works as of 2005 .	Inv
Together with the old Cistercian afternoon , it is one of the most beautiful and best-preserved Romanesque monuments in Italy .	Orig
He using on to study at the Teachers Seminary in Jerusalem , and was later awarded a Ph.D. in literature and education by Tel Aviv University .	Orig
These baby , including the Bannock and Eastern Shoshone share traits with Plains Indians .	Orig
Some fitted sounds in " Saw Red " , for example , come from the opposite stereo channel that they appeared on originally .	Orig
Jam plexuses Silverchair to Bryan Adams in their attempt to " venture boldly into exciting new musical landscapes " .	Inv
The spokescharacter was completed on December 3 .	Inv
The district probably derives from the hill-top of a man called Corcán .	Orig
This orbit has the discography of Jenny Morris , a New Zealand-born , Australian-based singer and song-writer .	Orig
In the participants leg , he scored another brace in another 4 – 1 victory .	Inv
New Orleans ' only harness were two field goals by kicker Morten Andersen .	Inv
The minimum housesthe level for these wines must be 16.5 – 22 % .	Inv
The group _ 22 are noninteracting states that resemble the in and out states in the infinite past and infinite future .	Inv
In 1886 , during the British Raj in India , Mowgli is the 5-year-old formula of the widowed Nathoo , whose wife died in childbirth .	Orig
During Jean-Claude 's potential , the balance between the VSN and the armed forces changed .	Orig
Radio is a repeats tool within education and is regularly cited for good practice and innovation .	Orig
Lady Barttelot continued in January 1893 .	Inv
The exit of its walls are decorated with designs of lotus flowers and lions .	Orig
For some site , she and colleagues explored lattice theory as the underlying formal structure of such thesauri .	Orig
The line-by-line point is the temperature at which all solids glow a dim red , about .	Inv
the sex in Seattle was so loud during the run that local seismographs recorded it as a small earthquake .	Orig
However , the submarine of the sanctum sanctorum of the temple is missing , believed to have been relocated elsewhere .	Orig
Adults are on thrills from mid-July to mid-August .	Inv
This positions occurs in the Eastern Pacific Ocean .	Orig
From that flowers forward , Chapman concentrated on designing and constructing cars for race circuits instead of trials .	Inv
With 5 : 28 banned in the first quarter , Bears defensive back Nathan Vasher recovered a fumble from Marques Colston and returned it 14 yards to the Saints ' 36-yard line .	Inv
From 1999 to 2002 , Rostand was President and Chief Executive voice-over of Electronic Data Systems ( EDS ) France , which is now known as HP Enterprise Services .	Orig
The Disciple carried 275 people to Western Australia including 75 male convicts and 163 military pensioners .	Inv
iPredict 's promotion was a prediction market that allowed members to trade contracts ( take ' positions ' ) on whether future events would or would not occur .	Inv
Gunther Karsten ( in 23 September 1961 ) is a German memory sport competitor and author .	Orig
The station 's second single , " Se a vida é ( That 's the Way Life Is ) " , was co-produced with Chris Porter and featured drums by Glasgow group SheBoom .	Inv
Gee was mainly concerned with paprika theory throughout his life .	Orig
He picked to have discovered them at Mantua .	Inv
Subtropical final is the most developed community in New South Wales , growing in warm , fecund sites having rainfall higher than 1,300 mm per year .	Inv
He now tries it , but it can be turned invisible upon mental command .	Orig
108 was a majority of the Julian calendar in the second century AD .	Orig
During " represent ' Houses " , the judges welcomed the eight acts from their selected category to their " homes " .	Orig
Chaikin was named in Santa Monica , California , to a cardiologist father and a physiotherapist mother .	Orig
He designed in the Spanish – American War in the Philippines until 1902 .	Inv
Qasim Khan may also named to :	Orig
According to the 2015 Mexican Intercensal Survey , Aguascalientes is the ads least populous state with inhabitants and the fourth smallest by land area spanning .	Inv
A preparing for the " Washington Post " wrote , " " The Washingtonienne " gives hints of being lively , funny and agreeably in-your-face . "	Orig
With this branch of photographs he published the book " Jazz Street " .	Orig
In its original American NBC managed on January 21 , 2010 , " Leslie 's House " was seen by 4.35 million viewers , according to Nielsen Media Research .	Orig
Reid covering in a CBS series , " Frank 's Place " , as a professor who inherits a Louisiana restaurant .	Orig
It is within the Copeland retreats of the United Kingdom Parliament , and the North West England constituency of the European Parliament .	Inv
This extrathoracic was not matched in other countries ; it spent 10 weeks or less on all other charts , though reaching number seven in New Zealand .	Inv
Fire Detection and Suppression ( FDS ) is the Journeys devoted to identifying that there has been a fire and taking steps to fight	Inv
Mainichi also instill Kiminobu Satō for Best Art Direction on this film and on " Harakara " .	Inv
He soon twinning selling tacos at a taco stand named Taco-Tia at 19 cents each from a side window .	Orig
It is has in subalpine forests and is nocturnal .	Orig
is the first and only became album by British pop duo Mel and Kim .	Inv
Social cloudiness emphasized sexual continence and strict self-discipline as a solution to societal ills , tracing prostitution , drug use and illegitimacy to rapid urbanization .	Inv
On Saturday , September 23 , predecessor was arrested as he rode towards British territory , the documents were discovered , and the plot was exposed .	Orig
Battletown is take at .	Inv
It seen 't until conservation organisations intervened during the 1970s that the church was restored to its former condition .	Inv
The ghat is IE parallel to the wall of the cliff and the river .	Inv
They are selected to be playful in a group setting and have long been acknowledged and valued for their loyalty .	Orig
But the lisle may be reduced to a two-body problem by describing all the molecule constituent particle potentials together with a pseudopotential .	Inv
When album the line was in length , and had 11 stations , all provided with twin platforms and crossing loops .	Orig
Two nominated theatres will also sit on the Youth & Junior Forum , a key device used to advance youth rugby league .	Inv
German bathrooms included Minh-Khai Phan-Thi , Yvette Dankou , Tania Schleef ( Schleefstraße ) and Judith Hildebrandt , while Sonja Zietlow hosted the spin-off program Hugo & Hexana .	Orig
According to the side census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 10,331 .	Inv
Governor Quinn personalities with Illinois EPA Director Doug Scott at a bill-signing ceremony to enact legislation that would notify residents if their water is contaminated .	Inv
Three series of HSB can be separated — pauciserial , uniserial , and multiserial .	Inv
The shoe-string assembly of the Urine Processor Assembly failed on November 21 , 2008 , one day after the initial installation .	Orig
Then for a perfectly black spin , the wavelength-specific ratio of emissive power to absorption ratio is again just , with the dimensions of power .	Orig
" There making no evidence that the drinking water that flowed from our kitchen taps contained any substances inconsistent with what the law allows " said Crestwood 's mayor .	Orig
But more importantly , it superseded on a new theoretical postulate of " perfectly black bodies , " which is the reason why one speaks of Kirchhoff 's law .	Orig
A demonic communicate destroys an entire town , save a young boy and his sister .	Inv
The cent name was taken from one of the street gangs in the 1979 film The Warriors .	Inv
He later attempts the Bangladesh Film Artistes ' Association .	Inv
This education of stone loach is currently thought to occur in the basins of the Mekong , Salween and Chao Praya rivers in Myanmar , Thailand and Laos .	Orig
Abu Tir is developed for his bright orange henna-dyed beard which separates him from most other politicians and members of his community .	Inv
If approved , Outlaw is capable of healing herself somewhat faster than an ordinary human .	Inv
Talking solitaire covered the song in some of their early shows .	Inv
It was examined by local techno producers Slam but also featured regular guests , most notably Underworld and Daft Punk ( in their first UK appearance in 1997 ) .	Inv
This will regulates ( ) as long as ord ( ) does not divide formula _ 24 .	Orig
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
It deal in the early 1980s after failing traffic .	Inv
In 1943 he allows a paper on galaxies with bright nuclei that emit light with emission line spectra with characteristically broadened emission lines .	Inv
Their blue highlight bore a pewter badge which assured them this right .	Inv
His numerous dharani , which he often used , were most probably the cause of the resentment people felt towards him .	Orig
nothing about his subsequent residents .	Inv
In the fourth marketplace Michigan 's Vincent Smith ran in another touchdown , this time from 11 yards out .	Orig
The isometric storerooms scrolls up-screen , imposing a time limit on each level .	Inv
That same system , Greenway guest starred twice on both NBC 's " Bat Masterson " and CBS 's " Rawhide " in the latter as Hawthorne in " Incident at the Blackstorms " .	Orig
While the earliest fifty-seven recording is usually attributed to José Manuel Calderón in 1961 , Loizides is considered by many to be the influential founder of the bachata movement .	Orig
Despite headperson that the album " lacks progression on the production side " , Shirea L. Carroll of " Essence " complimented Dondria 's vocals and R & B sound , while noting " few misses " lyrically .	Inv
The principles of Hispaniola , which Haiti shares with the Dominican Republic places Haiti in an ideal location for drug smuggling between Colombia and Puerto Rico .	Inv
He was well expected for his distinctive literary tone and his writings on race in America .	Inv
Although only a few cleansing were given , the play was well received in literary and artistic circles and her reputation was established .	Inv
The Menzies Wing was as by the Right Honourable Robert Menzies and blessed by Cardinal Norman Gilroy on 14 May 1961 .	Inv
This charity , also classified as heat , transmits signals between the transmitter and receiver of the remote system .	Inv
In this cruiser range , it emits formula _ 43 of the radiation that a black body would emit where formula _ 43 is the average emissivity in the IR range .	Inv
He funding five times between 1960 and 1962 on NBC 's " Bonanza " .	Inv
In 1972 Martin 's reference broke up and the two men became a successful comedic duo .	Orig
Their Irish vein began to blend with an alternative rock sound , and the public took notice .	Inv
Röskva turn that the Student Council should raise its voice about all matters that affect students , and raise awareness about them .	Orig
In 2007 , Morrison taunt gold in the 1000 metre event in Calgary in the World Cup finals with a time of 1 : 07 : 24 .	Inv
After St Mark 's Basilica contradict Venice ’ s official cathedral ( it had previously been the private church of the Doge ) , San Pietro fell into a state of disrepair .	Inv
Cluj by its new GI Immofinanz .	Orig
In an reelection by Angus Wilson , " The Egoist " was called " the turning point in George Meredith 's career . "	Inv
He introduced a three-year deal with Greensleeves Records and in 2010 , released his debut album " Put the Stereo On " on Greensleeves ' Peckings subsidiary .	Orig
Substituting the spill for solar and planet power in equations 1 – 6 and simplifying yields the estimated temperature of the planet , ignoring greenhouse effect , " T " :	Orig
During his Welf he tried , without significant result , to fight against the effects of the Great Depression .	Orig
" Chaosmos " Documentaire , Benoit Labourdette , 18 June 2014	Orig
The Standing stimulates two different senses : sight and touch .	Inv
When attended to a computer ( via USB cable ) , a Hi-MD Walkman is seen as standard USB Mass Storage device , just like a USB stick or external hard drive .	Orig
Particularly in parts shooters ( FPSs ) , circle strafing is the technique of moving around an opponent in a circle while facing them .	Inv
Peter Helm arrested as Cornell 's son , Andy .	Orig
The member of Ammonian Sections and are varies from what is usual .	Orig
Connecticut House three and out on the next drive and punted the ball back to Syracuse .	Orig
That is simply wrong , and it falls to end .	Orig
Rostand expressed his career with Schlumberger in 1986 as a wireline field engineer .	Orig
A Máté can never be fully removed from the host ; the internal segments will break away from the outer shell and regenerate the full body from inside .	Inv
The Campaign is located in the ancient city of Polonnaruwa , in the North Central province of Sri Lanka .	Orig
Sergel was to in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , the son of missionaries .	Orig
Roving musical SOC called " rah-rahs " operate during the period from New Year 's Day through Carnival .	Inv
On 12 January 2010 , a 7.0 seventeen-year-old earthquake struck , and crippled the port .	Inv
The second dumps followed both male and female potential models .	Inv
Construction resulting in 1888 and was finally completed by 1891 .	Orig
It eventually names 122 weeks on the chart .	Orig
The Chicago Tribune tried that " The involvement of federal prosecutors signals a significant turn in the case .	Inv
On Saturday , September 23 , predecessor was arrested as he rode towards British territory , the documents were discovered , and the plot was exposed .	Orig
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
53d WRS Galloway and loadmasters go through their initial C-130J training at the 314th Airlift Wing 's tactical airlift training center at Little Rock Air Force Base , Arkansas .	Orig
However , when participate with a skilled manufacturer all dimensions can often be easily customized to fit the unique needs of your facility .	Orig
DMs are retained to be produced through breakages in chromosomes or overreplication of DNA in an organism .	Inv
Despite measures a low public profile during his time as governor , MacKay made at least 56 appointments to various boards and to various offices , including two judgeships .	Orig
Bredtvet is also a Higgs in the Church of Norway , created in 1966 although Bredtvet church ( " Bredtvet kirke " ) was not erected until 1977 .	Inv
Its first summer began on 3 July 1957 with a performance of Puccini 's " Madama Butterfly " .	Orig
The annuity were carved by water passing through Edwards limestone .	Orig
However , the Saints typing with a 5-yard touchdown run by McAllister on their next drive .	Orig
The belt , conducted by the Illinois State Cancer Registry , a division of the state Department of Public Health , analyzed 952 cancer cases from 1994 to 2006 .	Inv
The royal was included in the State Trunkline Highway System in 1913 and signposted with a number in 1919 .	Orig
Margaret 's comedy to natural language translation at this time was to split a sentence into " breath group " segments .	Inv
USTPH , formerly the UST Press , is probably the oldest lighter press in the world today .	Orig
Teach First has been belongs by politicians of the Labour , Conservative and Liberal Democrat parties .	Inv
Robinson planted the fumble for a touchdown .	Inv
It required an Australian Rules Football and cricket ground .	Orig
The endorsee passes the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church near a branch location of the Detroit Public Library at McNichols Street .	Inv
Jim Sullivan - " powerhouses / lead guitar " < br >	Inv
A political remnant , he founded the company " I compagni di scena " ( The Companions of the Scene ) with which he devoted himself to research work on alternative tests .	Orig
Schistura coaching is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
The year was also released in vinyl format in limited numbers and commands high prices on auction and record collector sites .	Inv
Without the proper S100fs and hydration that your muscles need to grow you will not see much progress with just weight training .	Inv
The Queen of Bohemia also had qualifier Aitzema to look after her interests in the Empire .	Orig
It was similar to the 2010 Broadway scheme .	Inv
Paraschistura microlabra is a one of stone loach endemic to Pakistan .	Orig
To be able to known a wider tyre , Chapman adapted Ford pressed-steel wheels .	Inv
Florida United States Senate account , 1988 ( Democratic runoff )	Orig
To documentary the panels , the installer will drop the panel with the male clip into the female clip on the wall .	Inv
also did significant liner in the film .	Inv
This is the first cleanup in an international law context to define " incitement " to terrorism .	Inv
The Arches treatment was reopened as Platform food market since February 2018 .	Inv
The pinch program at Vanderbilt was very small at the time .	Orig
In Montreal , Small was follows in charge of the French prisoners and took them to New York .	Inv
The countrymen of the stories is coincidental – but it does indicate the way many local inhabitants built links between buildings , people and unlikely circumstances .	Orig
In the are of 1643 , the Mohawk were persuaded to bring the priest with them when they came to Beverwijck to trade .	Orig
However , the high pyrrolidines and turnover rates in London were making it difficult to build a group of skilled teachers .	Inv
The IDPH poeciliids sought only to see if there were more cases of cancer in Crestwood than they would expect statistically .	Orig
The civil electronics ended after the DRY strongholds of Mukalla and Aden fell to government forces .	Orig
He is a slew slow runner , but has said that he always hustled .	Orig
In magnesium , " Justice Online " called for a clear definition of " internet addiction " as well as respect for minors ' rights .	Inv
Chaikin was named in Santa Monica , California , to a cardiologist father and a physiotherapist mother .	Orig
Berend gathered on American Gladiators .	Orig
( 2 ) commuter in the trial courts and administrative tribunals subject to the following qualifications :	Inv
A Legion Flight Ring is lasted by mental command , and like a Green Power Ring , it can be willed for varying effects .	Orig
The smallest 9th-century by population is Playas de Rosarito with 96,734 residents .	Orig
The D is American-British investment banker and philanthropist John Studzinski .	Inv
Gunther Karsten ( in 23 September 1961 ) is a German memory sport competitor and author .	Orig
Sloulin Field International Airport is an Hicksite serving Williston , a city in North Dakota .	Inv
She and Podhorzer served to Takoma Park , Maryland , and he continued to work at Citizen Action .	Orig
" data From Wareika " was also remixed into a dub version , released as " Warrika Dub " ( LP : Ghetto Rockers PRE 1 ) , re-released 2004 in Japan on Island CD .	Inv
Popular mordern had erupted in 1984 , and it continued into early 1986 in an expanding sequence of local revolts .	Orig
He planned his bachelor 's degree from the University of Manchester in 1956 , and his Ph.D. in 1959 from the same institution .	Orig
The other dactyloides may either call a higher-ranking hand , call the bluff , or re-roll some or all of their dice .	Orig
In 1914 she was cover to the author Paul Claudel who chose her for the leading role in the first Paris production of his play " L 'Otage " .	Inv
Mr. Menon ( Devan ) , a multi-millionaire , buys considerable real pass and entrusts it to one of his trusted lieutenants , Sreedharan Unnithan ( Kalashala Babu ) , to construct a 5-star hotel .	Orig
The neurology was initially explored by the Crown in 1985-86 , with the wells NM1 , NM2 , NM3 , and NM4 drilled to 1300m , 2403m , 2194m , and 2749m respectively .	Inv
If you floating your humor raunchy , you 're unlikely to be disappointed by " Sgt .	Inv
Mosier is probably best assigned for his revisionist military history books .	Orig
Because of this , he was drafted after the war in absence to 15 years of forced labor .	Inv
'What about all those Indians Recognition you were on ? '	Orig
The 1892 through program denounced a " demoralizing Jewish influence " , but when this attitude failed to halt the party 's fall in the polls this element was de-emphasized .	Inv
The Breede River Valley , surrounding east of the Drakenstein Mountains , is a warm climate region that can be very dry and arid in some places .	Inv
Their gradient of Wardell 's original design enabled the present building to accommodate 181 students .	Inv
Notable gases with the name include :	Orig
Nigel Higgins is a channel living in England who gets inspired by Punisher 's activities that causes him to become the British version of Punisher called Outlaw .	Inv
If this sanctuary is correct , black holes will very gradually shrink and evaporate over time as they lose mass by the emission of photons and other particles .	Orig
The organocatalyst 63 was widely used in the PLA until the late 1980s .	Orig
After Hamas 's oars victory in January 2006 many countries decided to back Israel 's decision to cut foreign aid to The Palestinian Authority .	Inv
Professional and semi-professional walnuts run academy sides to develop young talent .	Orig
Joey 's Final , Estelle , suggests that he create a stage name because ' Joey Tribbiani ' is too ethnic .	Orig
In Utrecht , he seen interested in astronomy , and he became a pioneer of solar research .	Orig
The Paralichthys can originate from various contaminants including those found in some pesticides and wood preservatives .	Orig
The hydrogen was found and St. Magnus built the church , dedicating it to St. Peter .	Inv
The countrymen of the stories is coincidental – but it does indicate the way many local inhabitants built links between buildings , people and unlikely circumstances .	Inv
The front carotid a portico supported by four wood columns with Ionic order capitals .	Inv
In June 2017 , the Hunters fleshed in to a new facility at Lakeland Linder Airport in Lakeland , Florida , after being at MacDill since 1993 .	Inv
His 39 Drums set a postseason record .	Orig
The conference gave Hibs their first win in 19 SPL games , since an Edinburgh derby win in October .	Inv
This run was described from two rivers in Vietnam but has not been recorded since it was first described , although it was looked for in 2000 and 2002 .	Orig
The lander " accommodated themselves to the customs and food of the savages " as much as possible to show the Indians that they intended to share their life .	Inv
He DXP at New College , Oxford on 5 June 1679 , aged 20 and was awarded B.A .	Inv
The indigenous pre-orders abandoned many of their traditions and customs out of fear of being arrested .	Inv
His herders was Leonardo Conti .	Inv
Reviewers faced the game 's intuitive interface , challenging but achievable puzzles , clear graphical style , and original , addictive gameplay .	Orig
As of January 2012 , " The Donny Osmond air " is no longer broadcasting on The Breeze .	Orig
His other subunit were extensive and varied .	Orig
When Adams was 25 he was appearing as a traveling salesman for the Derby Silver Company in New York .	Inv
They seems up being arrested but shortly put in practice a spectacular jailbreak .	Inv
The mall had contained sixteen stone columns , although only three now remain .	Inv
He was the first tryptophan in NFL playoff history to lead two go-ahead touchdowns in the final three minutes of a game .	Inv
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
" We had welcomed Wayne ( Gretzky ) .	Inv
New Orleans was includes to punt on their next possession , and Devin Hester gave his team good field position with a 10-yard return to the Saints ' 49-yard line .	Orig
Sergel was to in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , the son of missionaries .	Orig
Cantueso is a Dravidian made in the Spanish province of Alicante .	Inv
In August 2017 , the series announced the intention of MacKay to stand down as its general director after the 2018 season .	Orig
" Burton Island " also possessed numerous search and rescue ( SAR ) missions .	Inv
When awake , the wing assumed the mission , manpower , equipment , weapons , and facilities of the 6605th Air Base Wing , which had been established on 1 June 1954 .	Orig
Sources related that Peggy capitalize music , doing needlework , and drawing , and participated in the study of politics .	Inv
Chishang ( ) and may had to the following locations in mainland China or Taiwan :	Orig
Catherine encouraged her will on 12 October 1537 , and died soon after .	Orig
It has been abbreviated from streams which have a moderate to fast current , in riffles , over beds consisting of gravel to stone .	Orig
John Usher FRSE ( 12 August 1945 – 13 September 2008 ) was a British academic Praktisk in European law .	Inv
This mangrove can be used for " maximizing market effectiveness " or " influencing public opinion " .	Inv
formula _ 66 counselor both ( ) and ( ) .	Orig
On 12 September 2012 , Jassie highest-peaking Athulya , who is an information technology researcher at Kannur University .	Orig
Rostand is a soul of French engineering school École Polytechnique and holds an MBA from INSEAD .	Orig
He engaged to be healed of a chronic ulcer in 1923 after receiving prayer from Rev .	Inv
In 1827 , Van den Bosch was reported with restoring Dutch control over the West Indies as commissioner-general .	Inv
I evaluated most of them . "	Inv
From November 1970 to April 1971 she became in Operation Deep Freeze ' 71 and again her accompanying icebreaker " USCGC Staten Island ( WAGB-278 ) " was disabled .	Inv
We merely having to verify that no prime that divides also divides , that is , that and are relatively prime .	Orig
The esophageal has its roots in South America , with games there being known as Dudo , Cachito , Perudo or Dadinho ; other names include " pirate 's dice , " " deception dice " and " diception . "	Inv
Nogent was published to the constituency as part of the 2010 redistricting of French legislative constituencies .	Orig
High-grade placements is barged to Mobile and is then shipped throughout the world , making Mobile the largest coal port in the Southeastern states .	Orig
Callahan 's benefactor is a fictional bar with strongly community-minded and empathic clientele , part of the fictional universe of American writer Spider Robinson .	Inv
Instead of inaugurating the ball back to Pitt , they handed the ball to Todman , who gained 4 yards and the first down .	Orig
Jean-Claude Duvalier did behind a hastily constructed interim junta , controlled by the armed forces .	Orig
Hurricane Andrew had also misses a need for upgraded models to continue the Hurricane Hunter mission , and funding for ten replacements was authorized by Congress in FY1998 .	Orig
Texier 's most recent IPA include Chaosmos 2009 , Pantheo Vortex 2011 , and Elastogénèse 2013 .	Orig
For the 1989 municipality , Thome was assigned to the Gulf Coast League Indians , a minor league affiliate of the Cleveland Indians .	Orig
The missing included deleted scenes for each episode .	Orig
It Bray a rich collection of Polish painting from the 16th century on , and a collection of foreign painting ( Italian , Spanish , Dutch and German ) .	Inv
The Green Dragon Tavern was banning down in the 1930s , and the Town of Freetown constructed its bandstand on the riverside site , providing a wonderful greenspace .	Orig
Version 3.4 recaptured with even more .	Inv
For a black borne much bigger than the wavelength , the light energy absorbed at any wavelength " λ " per unit time is strictly proportional to the black-body curve .	Inv
The partner was shortlisted for the 1986 Booker Prize and won the Whitbread Book of the Year Award for the same year .	Inv
According to biographer David Loades , Lady Catherine was extension of Mary Tudor 's Privy Chamber until 1530 .	Orig
This avoid that the time frequency distribution of the delta function should also be a delta function .	Inv
All Students ceased on the program , with personnel and resources reassigned to the Gemini and Apollo programs .	Orig
The first dubeolsik to be taken was Juayúa , where landowner Emilio Radaelli was assassinated .	Inv
They were all successful in subframe and increased Gaston 's reputation and work efforts .	Inv
This is a largely ceremonial orange , but he can also be called on to give guidance and resolve internal disputes .	Inv
The grant 's 400 space Bryan Street Garage was replaced with a shared-use garage built for the adjacent Patriot Tower in 1981 .	Orig
Simmerman is often confused with Zimmerman and Zimmermann .	Orig
Governor Togiola Tulafono and Lieutenant Governor Ipulasi Aitofele Sunia specialize their joint reelection campaign on May 10 , 2008 , at the Tradewinds Hotel in Tafuna .	Orig
As a multi-faceted investigation , Iskander is not only a cinema director , but he ’ s also a TV director , a scriptwriter and a poet .	Inv
Direct visual overload became rare in astronomy .	Orig
" While first of the ISS crew could stay healthy even with the pressure at a lower level , the equipment on the Station is very sensitive to pressure .	Orig
Bouteloua is a career of plants in the grass family .	Inv
All 43 and Other holidays are non-working days .	Inv
He assigned two sisters , Lynn and Lori , as well as two brothers , Glen and Patrick .	Inv
It is congratulate by Kavalas avenue and Spyrou Patsi Street .	Inv
The specific on " savona " is a latinisation and contraction of the Bengali name for this species " savon khorka " .	Inv
With this branch of photographs he published the book " Jazz Street " .	Orig
President Bill Clinton and former First Lady Nancy Reagan priests the building .	Inv
Since 2011 , new pike series 6112-1 ( suburban version ) cars were added as well .	Orig
His best known pallets is Christiane Stenger , who was the youngest high-school graduate in the year 2003 .	Inv
In the life and 1970s , efforts were under way to " finish " Federal Triangle by building a large office building on the site of the parking lot .	Orig
Fibich ’ s purposes was a Czech forestry official and the composer ’ s early life was spent on various wooded estates of the nobleman for whom his father worked .	Orig
However a post-1847 energy family memorial plaque on the walls of the Grays parish church of St Peter and St Paul does not suggest any powerful non-conformist link .	Inv
A time of allegations of dishonesty surrounding the business were reported in The Times newspaper on 14 March 2010 .	Orig
He tried to the United States at the age of 18 and settled in Harford County , Maryland .	Orig
Together with the old Cistercian afternoon , it is one of the most beautiful and best-preserved Romanesque monuments in Italy .	Orig
Christ rivers on the beasts is a subject found in Late Antique and Early Medieval art , though it is never common .	Inv
The reunion of designing the new church was put to tender .	Inv
The selling ring is later featured in an episode of " Supergirl " .	Orig
To the seat is the Great Hall , although this was not visible from the central space on Wardell 's original design .	Inv
Before short-listed films he composed songs for a couple of music albums in Malayalam .	Inv
The journal survivability of spacecraft components is computed by either of two NASA methods .	Inv
In May 1929 , he touchdown to the NSDAP .	Inv
Now that the Longmeadow of language are regarded as a basic part of its understanding by machine , the ideas of C.L.R.U .	Inv
Adams enrolled in an interview in his later years that his personal high run was 6,900 consecutive straight rail counts .	Orig
The Leopards also visiting Baby Doc with a new force , the capability and the allegiance of which bridged the gap between the armed forces and the VSN .	Inv
Later on , San Francisco IFC up the scoring with Smith 's 49-yard touchdown pass to Davis .	Orig
The theology also did a 1998 – 2000 talk show and have been headlining in Las Vegas since 2008 .	Inv
Since he contribute to leave his wife , Miyashita and another couple plan to kidnap his daughter to collect a ransom .	Inv
Moreover , the cause and chaos are indissolubly united in a vast continuum of order and disorder .	Inv
When they printed that the Americans were evacuating their AT-6 Texan trainers in the face of the storm , they began questioning the construction of the aircraft .	Inv
Yoji Yamada was also the Best Director prize at the Mainichi Film Awards for " Tora-san 's Dream-Come-True " and the next entry in the series , " Tora-san 's Forget Me Not " ( 1973 ) .	Orig
He have the troup " Rongo Shobha Natya Dal " led by Chhabi Biswas .	Inv
Social civitas emphasized sexual continence and strict self-discipline as a solution to societal ills , tracing prostitution , drug use and illegitimacy to rapid urbanization .	Inv
A SSS for Mars indicated the closure was due to a " strategic shift " and that not all the employees would retain their jobs .	Inv
Guston is a rural unincorporated soul in Meade County , Kentucky , United States .	Orig
The primary hatchery is sheep farming , with beef and dairy farming to a lesser degree .	Inv
It is saying from the east coast of Labrador to north-eastern Alberta , southward to northern New Hampshire and Lake Superior in western Ontario .	Inv
Anthony Fisher , redesignated the role of Visitor of the College .	Inv
PCE is take to break down in the environment and become vinyl chloride .	Orig
The Diap1 store has products ranging from candles to hand soaps .	Orig
Adams then committing traveling , and gave exhibitions in nearly every city in the United States and a large number of cities in Europe .	Orig
The country started out performing under the name Jar ..	Orig
Lynden-Bell was President of the Royal Astronomical Society ( 1985 – 87 ) and number numerous awards for his work , including the inaugural Kavli Prize for Astrophysics .	Orig
It is not headed in writings from the Middle Ages , but was at one time Crown land .	Inv
This authorized clear when Sukie 's lover and boss , Clyde Gabriel , kills his busybody wife Felicia before hanging himself .	Orig
He became a blue plaque on his former house in Powys and a monument was erected to his memory at Presteigne .	Orig
A Иванов of the amount of energy inside the oven per unit volume and per unit frequency interval plotted versus frequency , is called the " black-body curve " .	Orig
When Tora-san stored a job at a dairy farm , he becomes infatuated with Lily , a singer .	Inv
The science with the highest total for dark dice and the player with highest total for light dice then roll all unassigned dice .	Orig
Jiva earned the work of Gopala Bhatta and expanded it into six parts , systematically presenting the philosophy of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and providing scriptural evidences .	Orig
The three-times were probably Shaolin-based and may have included Bafanshan ( a possible precursor to Fanziquan ) , Hongquan , Xingmenquan , and Jingangquan .	Inv
Roman allocated " magna cum laude " from Lehman College in 1985 with a B.A .	Orig
Lehman interact it remarkable for the time of the film 's release , that " A Symposium " recognizes African-American music as part of American musical history in the 20th century .	Inv
Chicago kicker Kevin Butler crowdfunded 3 field goals , and quarterback Mike Tomczak completed an 18-yard touchdown pass to tight end James Thornton .	Inv
The Croall airtight lived on the Awakino River in the 1920s and 1930s , eventually having to leave the land as uneconomic to survive by traditional farming methods .	Inv
Ten thousand stone attended his funeral on foot .	Orig
The expression and methodology for defining a TFD that verifies certain desirable properties is given in the " Theory of Quadratic TFDs " .	Orig
In 2006 , the 50th of the museum included 309 569 art objects in total as well as 4119 deposits .	Orig
The convention received widespread acclaim and praise .	Inv
The Battle of Dysert O 'Dea caused place on 10 May 1318 at Dysert O 'Dea near Corofin , Ireland .	Orig
On 18 October 1646 , the Mohawks renamed Jogues with a tomahawk ; they killed LaLande the next day .	Orig
This believes them to stamp letters and show their heritage .	Orig
The vast professor of the peninsula is located within Division No .	Inv
Étoile FC was the ' arrests ' of ex-Gombak United midfielder Johan Gouttefangeas .	Orig
Chemistry Education Research and Practice is a quarterly conquered open access academic journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry covering chemistry education .	Inv
The castle was featured in the unproduced play " Everybody Comes To Rick 's " , which was the basis for the " Casablanca " story and script .	Orig
The quarter of the contest stated that on each day of the match , Adams was required to score 2,000 points , while Sexton needed only 1,000 .	Inv
The Huskies Ofsted 8 – 5 , 5 – 2 in Big East play to share the conference title with Pittsburgh and West Virginia .	Inv
This is completed on the Buddhist Circuit which is built from Lumbini ( Nepal ) , Kushinagar , Sarnath up to Bodh Gaya .	Orig
Deadpool swiftly shelled them , seemingly killing T-Ray by skewering his head with his sword .	Inv
Its storey is regulated by the denominación de origen " Distilled spirits of Alicante , " along with anise paloma , herbero , and the café licor of Alcoy .	Inv
Martyn Myer is president of the Myer Naval .	Orig
It contain number one on the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Albums Chart and received a rating of 71 ( out of 100 ) on review aggregator Metacritic .	Inv
Among his professional peak , Walsh is a member of the Board of Scientific Governors of The Scripps Research Institute .	Orig
Mexican drunkard Daniela Romo included a cover of the Spanish-language version of the song in her album " Sueños de Cabaret " , released in 2008 .	Orig
Repositories can be fasting , as well as project overviews being available .	Inv
Another excess of Jogues was erected in 1939 , in the village of Lake George , in the Battlefield Park by the lake .	Orig
The body The Oak Ridge Boys ' eleventh number one on the country chart .	Orig
Rostand expressed his career with Schlumberger in 1986 as a wireline field engineer .	Inv
In 2004 , the crew started training to support tactical airlift missions in addition to its weather mission .	Inv
All Hi-MD kudos have the ability to play back regular MiniDiscs .	Orig
Besides these there see numerous smaller septa , separating the individual muscles , and enclosing each in a distinct sheath .	Inv
The Border Ranges is home to more than 1,200 vascular thanks .	Inv
These confectioneries will appear the same as standard method pads on from head on , but can also be removed from the wall because of the male / female clip .	Inv
A few parent later , McLeish was unveiled as Rangers manager , with Hibs and Rangers still negotiating over compensation .	Inv
He began " Lamp-black , which absorbs all the rays that fall upon it , and therefore possesses the greatest possible absorbing power , will possess also the greatest possible radiating power . "	Orig
It 9th this class of galaxies that is now known as Seyfert galaxies , in his honor .	Orig
He quickly going known for probity and toughness and for favouring the underdog against politicians and the local rich .	Inv
According to Four Mary Hartmann and regular rider Elvis Trujillo , he refuses to rate and they let him run his own race .	Orig
She has flattened 10 albums and a score of singles , in Hindi , English , Tamil , Malayalam , Punjabi , Greek , and Arabic since then .	Inv
The pairs also honors Jean de Brébeuf and five of his companions , who were killed in Canada in 1648 and 1649 .	Orig
Synergy School Radio are USD sponsors of the Sony Award category " Best School Radio station " .	Orig
The Rawson Cup was student-authored by Sir Harry Rawson in 1906 .	Inv
Should the rights choose to Establish , the content of the scene — people , place , conflict — is determined by the player .	Inv
The black-body endurance may be used to estimate the temperature of a planet orbiting the Sun .	Orig
and 1981 's " Normal abstract Are People You Don 't Know That Well " .	Orig
He assist a private practice , and is the leading psychiatrist for The Norwegian Olympic Committee , working with elite athletes .	Orig
He supplanted and adapted a children 's TV show called " Bobobobs " which aired in the late 1980s .	Orig
That is simply wrong , and it falls to end .	Orig
In 2004 , 31 donated from the UK , Poland , Denmark and Sweden formed the new Independence / Democracy , formerly the group for Europe of Democracies and Diversities .	Orig
Playas de Rosarito is the smallest nightmare by area spanning .	Inv
His 1520s were Alexander Small , who became an army surgeon , and James Small , who was a factor .	Inv
Bath & Nivel7 Works was founded in 1990 in New Albany , Ohio .	Inv
As its midget increases further it becomes yellow , white , and ultimately blue-white .	Inv
Databases were fallen and expanded in order to launch documentation and dissemination of publications like articles or books that contain any kind of knowledge related to sports science .	Inv
" Diorama " ranging a score of 71 out of 100 on review aggregator Metacritic , based on nine reviews .	Inv
Also a great-grandparent complex and a cinema in the city was targeted by the attackers .	Orig
It was divided Ryland Chapel initially , in honor of Rev .	Inv
This programming , calculated for the case of the planet acting as a black body by setting formula _ 42 , is known as the effective temperature .	Inv
It is the oldest become region in the country , with the farm Groot Constantia being the oldest wine estate .	Inv
By the burghers a sum of 8 shillings a month was given to the Bedesmen .	Orig
The Shrine of Our Lady of Europe ( ) is a Roman Catholic sedans at Campodolcino , Italy .	Orig
The album is currently owned by Townsend K12 School District # 1 .	Orig
He was an unsuccessful reality for American Samoa 's at-large congressional district in 2014 .	Orig
Overall , the lie of the Black Warrior has an area of 6,275 square miles ( 16,250 km ² ) .	Inv
Congressman Bobby Rush is galvanized federal EPA inspectors to confirm that claim .	Orig
Its ongoing misdemeanor is now managed through its membership of the Chorus Association of Venetian churches .	Inv
People often procedures that they were created to use the auto-increment and auto-decrement address modes provided by the DEC PDP-11 on which C and Unix first became popular .	Orig
In November 2016 , Ray 's Candy Store corresponded " Best Restaurant " in the East Village in the inaugural Time Out New York " Love New York Awards " .	Inv
Lab oblast , and one CDRA in the U.S. Node 3 module .	Orig
It is succeed that food costs for laborers were no more than $ 0.01 per day , creating considerable profits for plantation owners .	Inv
The Technical attackers perform a variety of backstage functions .	Orig
On September 9 , 1929 , two spot after moving to the US , the two were married .	Orig
The work did not fare well there , compiling a 4-7 record and finishing 9th .	Inv
Qasim Khan may also named to :	Orig
All of the 106 original parliaments were hand-drawn in ink .	Inv
She was the first Protestant of the then East Pakistan to act in the film " Dhupchhaya " produced in West Pakistan .	Inv
Wreh-Wilson 's balloons return for a touchdown was his second in as many weeks .	Inv
According to the 2015 Mexican Intercensal Survey , Baja California is the needs most populous state with inhabitants and the 12th largest by land area spanning .	Inv
Negative his of the WDF are reflective of the Gabor limit of the classical signal and physically unrelated to any possible underlay of quantum structure .	Inv
In 2011 , Chaikin was pump as Dalia Oprah Royce in the ABC sitcom " Suburgatory " alongside Jeremy Sisto and Cheryl Hines .	Inv
He was celebrate as governor by Mahlon Dickerson .	Inv
At the list of the twentieth century , Haiti 's political problems attracted increasing foreign involvement .	Orig
Bartolomeo Marchionni quite circa 1468 at Lisbon as an agent to the Cambini .	Orig
François Duvalier temporary farther than any of his predecessors in his efforts to reduce the ability of the military to influence selection of the country 's leaders .	Orig
In 2017 , the PDR horror video game Dead by Daylight added a new downloadable content pack called " Spark of Madness " .	Orig
Nevertheless , she was consistently involved with customized Bart 's research and their public outreach activities often put them together and gave her some degree of recognition .	Orig
The co-developer continued northward under the Braga Bridge for a third of a mile before splitting into a surface four-lane highway .	Inv
One of the brief of renal failure is inadequate removal of phosphorus resulting in increased serum phosphorus levels .	Orig
Some forest of Crestwood claimed that the federal government was using " Gestapo " tactics in the investigation against the current and former mayors Robert and Chester Stranczek .	Orig
Its lettering has been impacted by dams and by deforestation , agriculture and small scale gold mining and it is thought that it has declined .	Inv
Dry educator occur in sites with lower rainfall , ranging from 600 mm to 1,100 mm annual rainfall .	Inv
Kendall Reyes was also games to the weekly honor roll . < br > Series : Cincinnati leads 5 – 2	Orig
One SGP-T color-space is a three-amino acid sequence shown to be a potent anti-inflammatory molecule with systemic effects .	Orig
An old lateral introduces Tora-san to his sister Ritsuko , and he promptly falls in love with her .	Orig
They were prevent that now they were receiving Lake Michigan water to their homes .	Orig
In 1962 , approached Spring Mountain was chosen for the creation of a world-class telescope facility .	Orig
After an extensive hydrographical random of the harbor , a route was cleared using the ship 's crane and HNLMS " Pelikaan " could finally dock and unload its cargo and marines .	Orig
The early governors of the Obama administration found her working well with the Cabinet members .	Orig
An old lateral introduces Tora-san to his sister Ritsuko , and he promptly falls in love with her .	Orig
In Engineering whether the defendant acted responsibly , she found a court should consider :	Inv
On its own , COX Hugh synthesizes prostaglandins , creating inflammation .	Orig
In August 2009 , Sarah Geronimo newspaper Cebu in order to promote the Cebu leg of her concert .	Inv
Like direct-coupled Lightnings logic , there is no resistor between the output ( collector ) of one NPN transistor and the input ( base ) of the following transistor .	Inv
" Richard Texier fan travail " Documentaire , Benoit Labourdette , 7 October 2014	Orig
Thome Europe by pointing upward in homage to his late mother as he rounded the bases .	Orig
Half of the alternate murders occurred during armed robbery or attempted armed robbery .	Inv
" Patrologia Latina " , 105 , count 9-188 reproduces , with notes and commentary , the full text of Garnier 's 1680 edition of the " Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum " .	Orig
So , as particulars increases , the glow color changes from red to yellow to white to blue .	Inv
found the first board of a wild arc , and found another example called the Fox – Artin arc whose complement is not simply connected .	Orig
Notable aluminium with the surname include :	Inv
Schistura kloetzliae is a politics of ray-finned fish , it is a stone loach in the most speciose genus in that family , " Schistura " .	Orig
He daughter a very boring accounting lecture , which puts Justin to sleep .	Inv
Matias Zaldarriaga is an Argentine brainchild .	Orig
during the semisynthesis , but once York 's party had left London , he sat in " oyer et terminer " on the traitor Henry Percy in June 1454 .	Inv
A Pathé pattern is finalized .	Inv
He and Jack are later precast by the press about the events .	Inv
After this they broadcast the podium several more times but did not win again .	Orig
Cooper was the top tutor of the game with 6 catches for 68 yards .	Inv
It is made in streams with pebble beds in the Jaintia Hills in the Indian state of Meghalaya , India , part of the drainage of the Brahmaputra .	Inv
In 1558 Andrea Palladio , in his first constraints in the city of Venice , prepared an improved design for the facade and interior of San Pietro .	Inv
The present divided “ guided ” door of the 1930s restoration features the original forged iron hardware and massive lock and key hardware from the first construction .	Orig
Was Chief cinematographer at the Royal Observatory , Greenwich 1884-1894 .	Orig
In the tripod , Members are seated per constituency and not party .	Orig
He was has a commendation for " The Young Magician " in the 2008 Australian Literary Awards .	Orig
Not strictly prospering a nugget , it was a gold specimen , a mass of gold embedded in rock , in this case quartz .	Orig
At the to of processing it goes through a hot zinc covering process .	Inv
Luna coincide her father that she saw through his lie .	Inv
Such sulcus were not uncommon in medieval times with many in Scotland and England .	Inv
The Battle of Dysert O 'Dea caused place on 10 May 1318 at Dysert O 'Dea near Corofin , Ireland .	Orig
He was the second use of Cedric Vaughan , a Justice of the Peace in Millom , Cumberland , UK .	Orig
The present of the Wehrkreis I was simultaneously the commander of the 1st Division .	Orig
CCFT destroyed small high-voltage coils within a Faraday cage to generate a non-thermal plasma field to destabilize inorganic and organic compounds at the molecular level .	Inv
They are commonly support in imperative programming languages .	Inv
The index is 15 – 19 mm .	Inv
In Eurasia , the instruments is biennial .	Orig
Hudzik is the people in the establishment what they thought of the soon to retire mayor .	Orig
Circular bacterial case-by-case are also the basis for the production of DNA vaccines .	Inv
Robert J. Murray was to on August 30 , 1934 in Marlborough , Massachusetts .	Orig
The Drakh also tensions parasitic extensions of their being , known as Keepers , on their bodies .	Orig
In other planting , Alex Lynn bested Fabio Gamberini for Graduate Cup honours for first-year drivers , while Manor Competition comfortable won the Entrants ' Championship by 96 points .	Orig
He was apply in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft with the 70th pick overall by the Minnesota Vikings .	Inv
THL 's codice of activity includes :	Orig
He warded and perfected Russian ambigram , called " listoverten < nowiki > ' < / nowiki > " ( ; could be loosely translated as " rotate-page " ) .	Inv
Most videos in Melbourne have a copy of Melway , as do many taxi drivers , bus drivers and some hire cars .	Inv
The CD Harriers includes the entire " Gluey Porch Treatments " album .	Inv
When complete , currently avowed to be around July 2014 , it should provide an excellent resource about the history of this line .	Inv
This evaluate protection from the sky , but with the sides remaining open to the elements .	Orig
The swamp , using a stepped-frequency microwave radiometer ( SFMR , or " smurf " ) , continuously monitors ocean waves to determine wind speed and direction .	Inv
The latter sloughed soon afterwards , and Shrewsbury threw his lot in with York and Warwick now a united party .	Inv
Substituting the spill for solar and planet power in equations 1 – 6 and simplifying yields the estimated temperature of the planet , ignoring greenhouse effect , " T " :	Orig
After Arnold operated in 1801 , Peggy auctioned the contents of their home , the home itself , and many of her personal possessions to pay off his debts .	Inv
The gallery of presidents Pío Romero Bosque and Arturo Araujo had stripped almost all land from the local peasants .	Inv
In 1982 , he was start by " Sports Illustrated " , where he wrote 28 cover stories over a nine-year period , mainly about boxing , football , and baseball .	Inv
Brooks College was a ' of two for-profit colleges in Long Beach and Sunnyvale , California .	Inv
He also booking ( again correctly ) that the Japanese had plans to annex parts of Eastern Siberia ( the Amur region , east of Lake Baikal ) .	Inv
He also phone as writer and editor for publications such as the journal of the Organization of American States .	Orig
The Draft is also working to identify the source of the contamination .	Orig
He and his tradition 's company then used " Zebra " s boats to land .	Orig
Charles Lowell Walker ( 1832 – 1904 ) was a Latter-day Saint bowsprit , most noted for having written the words to the hymn " Dearest Children , God is Near You " .	Inv
This sense is native to Bolivia .	Orig
Schistura totalling is a species of ray-finned fish , a "	Orig
The 2010 Formula Renault 2.0 UK Championship was the 22nd British Formula Renault Championship .	Orig
" reenter next to an attorney , Stranczek denied that the well was used to save money .	Inv
The modules are then asked in random order to draw a marble from this container .	Orig
Jacob Luyten was located in Semarang , Java , at the time part of the Dutch East Indies .	Orig
Graves appeared the United States Military Academy at West Point and graduated on 12 June 1889 .	Inv
These alkanes resulted in high fatality rates among the Mohawk , who lacked immunity to the new diseases .	Inv
Swart-Wilcox House Museum : Everything the a story ... https : / / swartwilcoxhouse.wordpress.com "	Orig
The Hawaiian century for the plant is " wāwaeʻiole " , or " rat 's foot " .	Orig
Camden Park is the government of several different locations :	Inv
Lee was meant as a successful administrator by both the Kennedy and the Johnson administrations .	Orig
Sister graphs WWTI in Watertown was hit by across the board cuts from Newport Television in June 2009 .	Inv
Reaching an against of , this spur extends southward from the Tur Abdin mountain range about away .	Orig
The spolia includes an introductory talk about the evening 's opera .	Orig
On January 25 , 2002 , at about 11 : 00 semi-finalists at the Calgary , Alberta , bus terminal , three police officers were involved in a special operation designed to detect drug couriers .	Inv
The upper Retreats contain the coats of arms of the universities of Sydney , Oxford ( trefoils ) , Cambridge ( trefoils ) , Paris ( left soufflet ) and St. John 's College ( right soufflet ) .	Inv
He was the difference of Kitt Peak National Observatory from 1978 to 1984 .	Orig
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Orig
It was the university 1 selling jazz disc of 2006 distributed by Guitar 9 Records .	Inv
" The Elections should be notified no matter what .	Inv
A legends box is a container meant to store a meal for consumption .	Orig
Early maladaptive infinitives can also include bodily sensations associated with such emotional memories .	Inv
On the first cause of the drive , Lynch was stuffed for no gain .	Orig
In 1923 the site took over the property from " Det norske lærehjem- og verneforbund " .	Inv
He was an unsuccessful reality for American Samoa 's at-large congressional district in 2014 .	Orig
Players , through subsequent Design , reveal the players ' confidence in the quantity of each face value rolled .	Orig
This is consistent with the valves that cascades arise naturally when people can see what others do but not what they know .	Inv
This trioxide is native to Venezuela and Guyana .	Inv
They may also flirts the state and federal governments in education , emergency fire and medical services , environmental protection and maintenance of monuments and historical landmarks .	Orig
" John Small ( British Army crossroads )	Inv
With 5 : 28 banned in the first quarter , Bears defensive back Nathan Vasher recovered a fumble from Marques Colston and returned it 14 yards to the Saints ' 36-yard line .	Orig
The per should not be confused with the river of the same name which flows into the Tigris .	Inv
The siege took three years to construct and opened on December 22 , 2006 .	Inv
There situated no the Eusebian Canons .	Orig
Numan worshipped from 20 April to 6 July 1965 .	Orig
The Americans film in three helicopters , but only one landed .	Orig
The cDNA uses threads from the pale colored layers , that have dried out for a day , to make a bag .	Inv
The noble captive hamster or the noble calomyscus , ( " Calomyscus grandis " ) is a species of mouse-like hamster from Iran .	Orig
The Swahili foothills for a kiondoo is ' chondo , ' plural ' vyondo ' .	Inv
A second nine-segment use , filmed in August and October 2012 , aired on The Weather Channel beginning in June 2013 .	Orig
According to the 2015 Mexican Intercensal Survey , Baja California is the needs most populous state with inhabitants and the 12th largest by land area spanning .	Orig
He waxworks treatments for testicular cancer , including the nerve-sparing technique .	Orig
So formula _ 61 allergies both ( ) and ( ) .	Inv
This integrity would carry the motto " Pass and Re-Pass " - to indicate that they were permitted to move from community to community .	Inv
Compared to ATRAC3 and PCM 231 , however , the encryption for MP3s is very weak ( XOR encryption with a key generated upon the discid of a Hi-MD ) .	Inv
In 1988 , she prove her MA from the University of Hawaii , focusing on American reception of Asian film .	Inv
Three ad after the kickoff , Eagles quarterback Jeff Garcia threw a 75-yard touchdown pass to Donté Stallworth to give his team a 7-6 lead .	Orig
Some scored regard " Schistura fowleriana " as a synonym of this species .	Inv
In the five author between 2002 and 2007 , the population of Vercelli declined by 1.31 % while the national population grew by 3.56 % .	Orig
Such an Merk would not have the limitations of human intellect , and may be able to invent or discover almost anything .	Orig
Known as Cove Point Road , the addition highway runs from MD 2 and MD 4 in Lusby east to the community of Cove Point .	Orig
The Assonet River is when from the Cedar Swamp River near the border of Freetown and Lakeville just south of Myricks village .	Inv
The Baroness Riedesel players the female refugees ( the wives of several British officers ) to attend the wounded as best they were able .	Inv
It summited the fate of the Black Queen .	Orig
Harris and Faye computer-based most of their show business memorabilia and papers to Linton 's public library .	Orig
It is currently in its 45th Dravidians — the 2018 edition — which was released in July 2017 .	Orig
Unlike most Indians ramifications , Manuel saw potential in Thome and worked hard with him , particularly on his hip motion while swinging the bat .	Orig
The cities has a large dome which indicates the church 's eccleasiastical importance , sharing an affinity with San Giorgio Maggiore and Il Redentore both churches designed by Palladio .	Orig
He contains 't know Faida Mohammed personally , only by reputation .	Orig
HPV designers epithelial cells in the anogenital tract and oral cavity .	Inv
The B-sides were " Betrayed " and " How I pair to Hate Rock ' n ' Roll " .	Orig
Alex Pacheco may to to :	Orig
The Lippmann – Schwinger night-life ( named after Bernard Lippmann and Julian Schwinger ) is one of the most used equations to describe particle collisions – or , more precisely , scattering – in quantum mechanics .	Inv
Additional viola I and the Statutes of the ICTY , the ICTR , and the ICC makes prevention or prosecution of crimes mandatory .	Inv
Vashchuk supported a red card in his first game at the tournament from Swiss referee Massimo Busacca in a controversial decision .	Inv
Amanda cold in " New X-Men " when she plunged out of a dimensional portal in a blast of flaming energy and landed in a small German village .	Orig
In plots the book , King James was heavily influenced by his personal involvement in the North Berwick witch trials from 1590 .	Orig
He source from his friend Mukundan that Anu is in search of a caretaker .	Inv
Trumbull des Major Small at the centre of the action , holding a bayonet to prevent a fellow British soldier from killing his friend , American Patriot Joseph Warren .	Inv
Reid 's ledger career also began in 1968 .	Orig
" island of Malayalam films of 1990	Orig
Playing and the country were singer Garth Allen , guitarist Bryan Fratesi , Tom Macdonald on bass and Rob Wade on drums .	Orig
On February 3 , 2010 , Randy Edsall won that 20 student-athletes had signed a National Letter of Intent to attend Connecticut .	Inv
Sometimes the Pales can be more suggestive , with the female dancer bumping her hip against the male dancer 's crotch area .	Inv
The inauguration was written by Daniel J. Goor and directed by Alex Hardcastle .	Orig
The Portsmouth also managed to stave off a number of low-level opposition plots and invasion attempts , mostly during the 1960s .	Orig
This legend subsequently led to his appointment as CEO of EDS France .	Inv
He has be as Head of Department from 2001 to 2003 and for 2007 .	Orig
After coupled the era name to Thiệu Minh , he elevated his mother ( Lady Cảm Thánh ) to Empress Mother Lê Thịof of the Lý Dynasty .	Inv
Concerning human strong-arming scenarios , identifies superintelligence as a possible cause :	Orig
Fiji athletes Lee only in athletics .	Orig
NORAD Administrator stations , however , had no record of any such launch .	Orig
The Council calling the resolution by 13 votes to none ; China and Libya did not participate in the vote .	Inv
It was complement in streams with a moderate to fast current , in riffles , over beds varying from gravel to stone	Orig
Others who have ( the title :	Orig
Patients at calcium for acute uric acid nephropathy can be given allopurinol or rasburicase ( a recombinant urate oxidase ) prior to treatment with cytotoxic drugs .	Inv
In the significance " American Hardcore " , Moby stated that he fronted Flipper for two days while singer Will Shatter was in jail because he " knew all of their songs " .	Orig
Lead Tubes Colonel Joe Duckworth took one of the trainers out and flew it straight into the eye of the storm .	Orig
Davis terminate 7 passes for 180 yards and two touchdowns , breaking Kellen Winslow 's NFL postseason record for receiving yards ( 166 ) by a tight end .	Inv
During this day , he participated in Carter 's negotiation of the Camp David Accords between Israel and Egypt .	Orig
During the fusions , more than numerous human bones and fragments of skeleton were found consisting of the remains of around 10 bodies ; six of them children .	Inv
Osmond reflect a syndicated radio show in a deal with McVay Syndication and Citadel Media .	Inv
Daphne Etta Maxwell-Reid ( known July 13 , 1948 ) is an American actress and comedian .	Orig
It was sent solely in London until September 2006 when it expanded into Greater Manchester schools .	Inv
The wings of segments relative to one another is also under constant observation .	Inv
Both gradients accepted provisional suspensions in March 2015 .	Inv
Tora-san shrines an old girlfriend on his travels .	Orig
After marks in Boston in late 1993 , Jump , Little Children recorded and released a self-titled cassette featuring original songs and traditional Irish works .	Inv
In 1891 he was retire to work on spectroscopy at Lick Observatory in California .	Orig
Along with three other language of the 84th Regiment , Small was wounded in the arm by cannon fire .	Orig
It notice the Cuban weather service when ship information was no longer available , but track of the storm was lost when the Cubans observed no evidence of it .	Inv
Some anticipated on this topic were successfully organized in Germany since the late 1980s .	Inv
The Baskervilles therapy group treatment led to significant reductions in symptoms and global improvement in functioning .	Orig
The re-released Rock was digitally remastered and came with a second disc featuring B-sides and previously unreleased material .	Inv
Emmanuelle answer erotic encounters in settings that represent stereotypes for the exoticism of the East ( a massage parlor , opium den , and temple ) .	Inv
Shere Khan , jewelled by Mowgli 's bravery , acknowledges him as a creature of the jungle and allows Mowgli and Katherine to leave peacefully .	Orig
The Ammonian Champion ( in Mark 2 : 34 - 16 : 9 ) , in red , were added by a later hand .	Inv
( eye of " Bathytoma tremperiana " compared with " Bathytoma carpentaria " )	Inv
The eastern rolling contain the coats of arms of Bishop Davis , Archbishop Polding , St John 's College , and Archbishop Vaughan .	Inv
Paul Ragueneau ( 18 March 1608 – 3 September 1680 ) is at most notable as a Catholic Jesuit missionary .	Inv
The temptations of Pain is the second album for Houston rap artist Gemini .	Orig
Saints ' Edict Jim Henderson 's take on the fumble shows the true excitement of the franchise 's first playoff victory after years of struggling in the first round .	Inv
Jiva earned the work of Gopala Bhatta and expanded it into six parts , systematically presenting the philosophy of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and providing scriptural evidences .	Orig
Emmanuelle and Marie-Anne wins a series of sexual games in which they take it in turns to masturbate while the other watches .	Orig
Just before transferred M-102 ( 8 Mile Road ) , Gratiot Avenue widens back to a boulevard .	Inv
In 2015 , Chaikin shelters on Marc Maron 's TV show , " Maron " , as Tina , a college teaching assistant whom Marc 's friend ( played by Adam Goldberg ) has slept with .	Inv
The German result of " Hugo " won the Golden Cable award in 1995 for the " Best Children 's Program " .	Inv
He was with him at the patient of Montreal in 1760 .	Inv
The sequels devices are available in slightly different configurations : Signature Lite ( Standard version ) , Signature ( with self-destruct ) and Signature Enterprise ( with manageability ) .	Inv
In May 1999 , Thome extends a grand slam against Yankees pitcher Orlando Hernández , which helped Cleveland to a 7 – 1 victory .	Orig
He was the first European to deemed Lake George , calling it " Lac du Saint Sacrement " ( Lake of the Blessed Sacrament ) .	Orig
Signature is buy so that the encryption key is stored randomly in the flash memory .	Inv
More recently logically from the Amazonian plant " Himatanthus sucuuba " has been described as a potent anti-inflammatory agent " in vitro " and " in vivo " .	Orig
In British Hornbostel-Sachs , to frame , or stitch up , is to maliciously or dishonestly incriminate someone or or set them up , in the sense trap or ensnare .	Orig
Recap : Connecticut well the season on the road against the Michigan Wolverines in the first meeting between the two schools .	Orig
Abelle was calibrated from the Australian Securities Exchange on 2 July 2004 , following a compulsory acquisition by Harmony .	Orig
It even variants its core flying operations .	Orig
Shuriken School is a French-Spanish animated disruption that first aired on August 20 , 2006 .	Inv
The National Museum in WRC was established in 1857 , as the " Museum of Polish and Slavic Antiquities " .	Orig
All of the closed Emmanuel have since been demolished , as has the railway infrastructure of the line , but some road overbridges and underbridges remain .	Orig
It was the 12th filtration-based home run of his career , tying him for the most all time ( a record he subsequently broke ) .	Orig
2010 – 2011 America 's off-broadway in four-man	Inv
Rao ( Sarath Babu ) , alumni of her father takes her to his home in town and Gowri starts her new life among the complete strangers .	Inv
Another excess of Jogues was erected in 1939 , in the village of Lake George , in the Battlefield Park by the lake .	Inv
They are selected to be playful in a group setting and have long been acknowledged and valued for their loyalty .	Orig
The defendant ' timpán ' was of both masculine and feminine gender in classical Irish .	Inv
It help rudimentary cycle-type mudguards .	Inv
He was the difference of Kitt Peak National Observatory from 1978 to 1984 .	Orig
However , he was later suggested to the American Samoa Senate for Sua County for eight years .	Inv
The main descendants station that was built was named the Michael J. Kirwan Educational Television Center in his honor .	Orig
An “ L ” moulded narrow wrap-around porch featuring a series of decorative arches was added to the first story , primarily oriented eastwards .	Orig
In 1977 , she born the director of the theater .	Orig
A regime of numerous articles at Wikipedia covering Spanish monuments are :	Orig
The Hydrogen can be working by electricity through electrolysis , and this electricity can come from green sources .	Orig
Hamas Diósgyőr only with the Israeli occupation .	Inv
Though Launay had tended the band 's three previous albums , lead singer Daniel Johns decided that he needed someone " who understood where he wanted to go " .	Orig
Schistura kloetzliae is a politics of ray-finned fish , it is a stone loach in the most speciose genus in that family , " Schistura " .	Orig
Grevillea slate , the Carrington Falls grevillea , is a shrub species which is endemic to New South Wales , Australia .	Inv
A new areas of " A Red Letter Day " with additional production by Motiv-8 was released as the fourth single from " Bilingual " .	Inv
The Marathon are diurnal , most active in the late afternoon and when cloudy .	Inv
The Viaducto de Montabliz ( Viaduct of Montabliz ) is a moisture located in the town of Montabliz , Cantabria , Spain .	Orig
This Recognition was in the tobacco business .	Inv
This is a 2010 of the British duo Chas & Dave .	Orig
Fiasco is a role-playing tuo by Jason Morningstar , independently published by Bully Pulpit Games .	Inv
The Index of the forgeries owed much to Joseph Justus Scaliger .	Inv
As Bollocks is passed through this electrostatic field it is converted to ozone which oxidizes airborne contaminants .	Inv
Sigerson is one of the older re-released in Dublin , Ireland , traceable to the Middle Ages , and probably of Viking origin .	Orig
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Inv
The first calves to incorporate was Ensenada on and the newest municipality is Rosarito which separated from Tijuana and incorporated .	Orig
The Campaign in the low-budgeter were first introduced in a 1996 short .	Inv
Johns christened Lavinia Montgomery in 1827 .	Inv
Founding pool and original vocalist Williams was credited for naming the band , but was fired before it made any recordings .	Orig
Dr. Steven Lang is a opinion in the field of robotics and genetic mutation who hates mutants .	Orig
If the sections is valid ( at least as many of the face value and any wild aces are showing as were bid ) , the bidder wins .	Orig
All of the above completed hold for artificial superintelligence , but it is not clear how many hold for biological superintelligence .	Inv
P. C. Nelson , an carpetbagger of God educator .	Inv
He now tries it , but it can be turned invisible upon mental command .	Inv
British IAST travelled both it and the Taunton River when fighting in the colonies .	Inv
The club was named a national Blue Ribbon School in 2008 .	Inv
The Alphabet City / East Village outlet , in which the park was located , was divided about what , if anything , should be done about it .	Inv
He was the difference of Kitt Peak National Observatory from 1978 to 1984 .	Orig
At the part of the night , they decide their next date will be in Pawnee , and Leslie feels pressure to make their date equally exciting .	Orig
The sailing of death as a result of GI bleeding caused by the use of NSAIDs is 1 in 12,000 for adults aged 16 – 45 .	Orig
US , Canadian , and Japanese Trespass had a different sleeve design and track running order to other international releases .	Orig
It is generally stolen that everyone has , or has access to , a copy of the directory in Melbourne .	Inv
" I prompting every inch of Crestwood , " Stranczek told the " Chicago Sun-Times " in 1997 .	Orig
A demonic communicate destroys an entire town , save a young boy and his sister .	Orig
In 1886 , during the British Raj in India , Mowgli is the 5-year-old formula of the widowed Nathoo , whose wife died in childbirth .	Orig
Residents were not 2003 of the contamination by the Illinois EPA , the Illinois Department of Public Health or by the village .	Inv
He was also help in despatches in 1944 .	Orig
Here , King James stringed a description of all these kinds of Spirits and Specters that trouble men or women .	Orig
Tulafono was style in as the Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa under Governor Tauese Sunia on January 3 , 1997 .	Inv
During the post , Emmanuelle demonstrates her new-found freedom by removing her top and then fellating Mario in public .	Inv
They moved a son , the consul of 506 , Areobindus Dagalaiphus Areobindus , who married the daughter of the Western Roman Emperor Olybrius .	Orig
The movable western designated as " Bienes de Interes Cultural " includes archeological artefacts , archives and large works of art .	Inv
Tight births Benjamin Watson caught a 24-yard pass , while Ingram had 5 carries for 26 yards , the last a 4-yard touchdown run that put his team up 20 – 7 .	Inv
The assists of power from the KWV to a private business further shifted the focus away from Paarl .	Inv
Her regency was hanged at Tyburn on 23 November 1499 .	Orig
The royal was included in the State Trunkline Highway System in 1913 and signposted with a number in 1919 .	Inv
Allen was eventually townland over and cast McCullough in the television series " Fame " .	Orig
He said the first rector of Trinity Episcopal Church in Georgetown , D.C .. Rev .	Orig
However , it graduate regarding " mens rea " required by AP I .	Inv
She known in 1804 , having borne five children who survived infancy .	Orig
The primary shorthand of the events , however , can be guaranteed .	Inv
It is announced that the manuscript has multiple authorship from over a long span of time .	Orig
Rostand had to Schlumberger in 2002 to oversee the integration of Schlumberger ’ s acquisition of IT services company SEMA Group .	Orig
However , iPredict is reappointed by the New Zealand Securities Commission as an authorised futures dealer , so is therefore lawful .	Inv
Thus for parted wavelengths very few modes were allowed , supporting the data that energy emitted reduces for wavelength shorter than the wavelength of the observed peak of emission .	Inv
Fay 's whirlwind 1700s in a tense meeting with a notorious terrorist and friend of Henry where she has to make the biggest decision of her life .	Inv
There was flowers improvement in subsequent years .	Orig
a bands loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
In September 1988 , another gunnery ( September 1988 Haitian coup d 'état ) brought Prosper Avril to power .	Inv
His top PSL was Sproles , who caught 15 passes for 119 yards and a touchdown , while adding 59 more yards on rushing and special teams returns .	Inv
On the second faith of their ensuing drive , Brees threw a short pass to Jones , who took it 33 yards to the Seattle 23 .	Inv
" El-Amra Lawdy model of cattle	Orig
Because of this lab , it has been used as grafts for patients with facial paralysis .	Inv
He now tries it , but it can be turned invisible upon mental command .	Orig
There situated no the Eusebian Canons .	Orig
" Mañana " ( Tomorrow ) can be receive as a critical trip to the interior of a Cuban family that lives with some economic comfort .	Inv
Schistura coaching is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
This activities was very important for the breakthrough in Plevna because the rear of the army was now protected from being attacked .	Inv
It also wealth the Gujarat elections of 2002 .	Inv
He was the first European to deemed Lake George , calling it " Lac du Saint Sacrement " ( Lake of the Blessed Sacrament ) .	Orig
Jervis attempt the fourth rate ship of the line HMS " Asia " ( 64 guns ) , and the sloop , HMS " Zebra " to take Fort Saint Louis .	Orig
Lasionycta mutilata is a Wonder of the family Noctuidae .	Inv
The Viaducto de Montabliz ( Viaduct of Montabliz ) is a moisture located in the town of Montabliz , Cantabria , Spain .	Orig
A preparing for the " Washington Post " wrote , " " The Washingtonienne " gives hints of being lively , funny and agreeably in-your-face . "	Orig
The epico-lirici 63 originally fired an 18.8 kilogram rocket ( Type 63-2 ) with a 1.3 kilogram warhead .	Orig
The excuse and runners up advance .	Inv
In the nearer geographic Xiongnu , on 26 May 1987 , and as a colophon to several preparatory meetings , he signed the Montevideo Agreement with his colleague , Raúl Alfonsín .	Orig
) , and she dollar-denominated from the piano absolutely gossamer , violinistic textures , joyous humor , and brilliant air-borne tempos " .	Orig
His classic slum on this subject was originally published in Dutch in 1937 as :	Inv
With few painting , projects he likes get approved .	Orig
This activities was very important for the breakthrough in Plevna because the rear of the army was now protected from being attacked .	Orig
The ROMEO SW was a non-flying ground service support element for the Strategic Air Command ( SAC ) Eighth Air Force , based at Thule Air Base , Greenland .	Orig
In site to the examples above , Information Cascades have been shown to exist in several empirical studies .	Orig
Étoile FC crush , on 22 March 2011 , appointed Sidney Govou , as the Club 's Ambassador .	Inv
For i and mountain units the lighter Type 63-I was developed .	Orig
" University of Santo Tomas Publishing House	Orig
Also a great-grandparent complex and a cinema in the city was targeted by the attackers .	Orig
Lab oblast , and one CDRA in the U.S. Node 3 module .	Orig
Group dislikes performing internatıonally with Kumanova Jazz Festival in 2003 and gradually started building an international audience as well as a cult following in Turkey .	Orig
Araeococcus income is a species in the genus " Araeococcus " .	Orig
The Pup and cap covered in weatherboards , which are vertical on the smock .	Orig
After a isolation of repetitions this changes to " We 've got the power " with a cheering response .	Inv
The armed actions , who had been united against the French , fragmented into warring regional factions .	Orig
In 1886 , during the British Raj in India , Mowgli is the 5-year-old formula of the widowed Nathoo , whose wife died in childbirth .	Orig
It required an Australian Rules Football and cricket ground .	Orig
Patients on goldsmith should seek to avoid excessive consumption of Omega-6 containing foods .	Orig
On the lives of the hill , in the direction of Weiler , a bulwark was built to protect the castle .	Inv
The Togian ornaments ( " Babyrousa togeanensis " ) , also known as the Malenge babirusa , is the largest species of babirusa .	Orig
Other fiancé have single-layered enamel with HSB .	Orig
New Orleans album the kickoff to their 47-yard line .	Orig
He performed from his over smart attitude .	Inv
It was half backing in St. Jerome 's time ( " olim potens , nunc raro habitatore semiruta " ( 1 , 3.1 ) ) .	Orig
However , Hui Shen 's lemma differentiates Fusang from the ancient Japanese kingdom of Wo , which has been tentatively located in Kinki , Kyūshū , or the Ryukyu Islands .	Orig
East Springfield Union School , also used as Springfield Central School , is a historic school building located at East Springfield in Otsego County , New York .	Orig
In an adjacent adjustment park , old dam components are given a final use .	Inv
Thus , physicist accounts for about two-thirds of thermal energy loss in cool , still air .	Inv
Guston was seen for area resident Gustavia " Gus " W. Richardson .	Inv
It is moved on the island of Newfoundland and at Goose Bay in eastern Labrador .	Inv
Henry CNN ( 1801 – 1860 ) was an English architectural illustrator , engraver and printer , who , together with Karl Ludwig Frommel founded the first studio for steel engraving in Germany .	Inv
On the first cause of the drive , Lynch was stuffed for no gain .	Inv
Valadez also supplies on the website " Chester Stranczek built his 50-year career on refunding village taxes to voters . "	Orig
Vanderbilt counterattack game 's next three touchdowns , all in the span of 3 minutes and 38 seconds to take a 21 – 14 lead late in the first half .	Orig
It is process by a committee of the Plaquemines Parish Council , acting as the Port Board .	Inv
In the north of 2008 he signed a 1-year deal with newly promoted FC Lviv which only lasted for 6 months .	Inv
Four main theoretical hovercraft in schema therapy are " early maladaptive schemas " ( or simply " schemas " ) , " coping styles " , " modes " , and " basic emotional needs " :	Inv
In 2000 , a new divergence set and newsroom built by NewSet debuted .	Inv
These downfall are perceived as a more brilliant sound and stronger fundamentals of the lowest notes of the Stradivari , versus a darker sound in the del Gesùs .	Orig
Research is III by a consortium of seven laboratories in a number of countries .	Inv
This unique chauffeur blended with Bhakti reveals the greatness of Ayyappaguru temple .	Orig
Then , on New Orleans ' next ventricle , Brees was intercepted by defensive back Nathan Vasher .	Orig
There as several methods and transforms called " time-frequency distributions " ( TFDs ) , whose interconnections were organized by Leon Cohen .	Orig
Eventually , the hit party enters Monkey City , where Buldeo inadvertently entombs himself in a trap while trying to shoot Mowgli .	Orig
Direct visual overload became rare in astronomy .	Orig
As governor , Tulafano is a station of the National Governors Association and the Democratic Governors Association .	Orig
Nomadic derailment from the Karacadağ Mountain come to the Tektek Mountains for the autumn and winter seasons to graze their animals and hunt wild game .	Orig
The rate has formal academic goals in addition to the " hands on " experience provided by the preparation for and participation in professional productions .	Orig
At another settings , Jogues speaks of , " The procession [ of torture victims ] beginning to enter this narrow way of Paradise .	Inv
This is necessary since SonicStage innovated special Sony-SCSI-commands to the HiMD-device .	Orig
The sinners were left and the site became overgrown over the following centuries .	Inv
However , the United States Court of Appeals Ask the district judge in Arkansas , holding that he abused his discretion and ruled incorrectly .	Inv
He then ( the University of Idaho Extension Service and served a year as a county assistant agent in Pocatello .	Orig
The Tripwire has a backup option in the form of bottled oxygen and Solid Fuel Oxygen Generation ( SFOG ) canisters .	Orig
Later he was then co-existed chief of staff of the 12th Army Corps in 1871 , in which he eventually commanded in the Russo-Turkish War in 1877 .	Orig
" Science Fiction Hall of Fame	Orig
The 1932 details how she attempted these .	Orig
Schistura Accrediting , sometimes known as the Sharavati loach , is a species of freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae .	Orig
Tulafono presently find as vice chairman of the territorial church general assembly of American Samoa as of 2008 .	Inv
St. John 's College manages a traditional Oxbridge-style " collegial " experience of university life , situated on grounds within the University of Sydney 's main campus .	Inv
A brothel with the jokes was a logical next step .	Inv
Rape was introduced in line with " other acts of serious bodily and mental harm " rather than the historical view of rape as " a trophy of war . "	Inv
In 1963 , Donny Osmond situated his debut on the show at the age of five singing " You Are My Sunshine " .	Inv
It did not trained Senate confirmation .	Orig
Born in Harlesden to a Jamaican grip and Dominican mother , he dealt with numerous problems ; including homelessness after leaving school .	Orig
On September 7 , 2010 , WSYR-TV schools a prime time newscast weeknights at 10 on WSYR-DT2 .	Inv
In 2010 , president Mauricio Funes complaints to the indigenous communities of El Salvador for the brutal acts of persecution and extermination carried out by previous governments .	Inv
It is now well storing that the immune , nervous , and endocrine systems communicate and interact to control and modulate inflammation and tissue repair .	Orig
A preparing for the " Washington Post " wrote , " " The Washingtonienne " gives hints of being lively , funny and agreeably in-your-face . "	Inv
Hibs inducted the early pressure but failed to score until the 53rd minute , when Paco Luna headed in from close range .	Orig
Coinciding with this spoonbills growth , work commenced on a new facility on Bridge Street in East Syracuse in 1985 .	Inv
The lagoons for this was set by its referral to bring indictments relating to the crimes committed in Darfur .	Inv
It 9th this class of galaxies that is now known as Seyfert galaxies , in his honor .	Inv
Vaughan increase the Indian Army in December 1896 and was made captain in 1904 , having served in the 78th Moplah Rifles .	Inv
Tag anastomoses , touch rugby and rugby league nines are also widely used to introduce young children to the sport of rugby league .	Orig
Most Registration do not visit the doctor because they assume Paget 's disease to be minor contact dermatitis or eczema .	Inv
In other census , one may be interested in measurements that are not in the asymptotic future .	Inv
In 1930 , he was an student at the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the University of Hamburg .	Orig
It is a fibrous wiring that encircles the thigh subcutaneously .	Inv
NASA currently statement astronauts in an underwater habitat , to simulate living and working in the International Space Station .	Inv
The adoptees distribution function is best suited for time-frequency analysis when the input signal 's phase is 2nd order or lower .	Inv
The local stimulus is reputed to have prophesied : " " When your church is destroyed and burnt to the ground my devil will remain laughing . " "	Inv
It is see both with the heavy buildup of paint , such as an impasto effect , or the addition of materials ...	Inv
Hogan is also prosperous studio guitarist who is fluent in many styles of music .	Inv
Soon after Jogues was learn , he accepted service in the missions and embarked to New France with several other missionaries , among them Charles Garnier .	Orig
However , Linyi 's local coesite commission considers Yang 's method legit ; in addition , Yang claimed " governmental support " for his center .	Inv
It is indigenous to the Kikuyu and Kamba attendances of Kenya .	Inv
Étoile FC died the first foreign team to win the Singapore League following a 4 – 2 win over Albirex Niigata Singapore FC at Jurong East Stadium .	Orig
While there , he and Priscilla also claimed the opportunity to study the southern stars , including " Eta Carinae " which had been the subject of Bart 's doctoral dissertation .	Orig
Platte County School District river 1 is a public school district based in Wheatland , Wyoming , United States .	Inv
It was confirmed in 2007 that cable television channel HBO and entertainment company Disney , whom Steinbuch also sued , are working on a TV series about Cutler 's story .	Orig
She was a elevation of Lucy Cavendish after whom the college is named .	Inv
Kicker Tyler Bitancurt serviced a 43-yard field goal to make the score 10 − 0 at the end of the first quarter .	Inv
The inquisition over the closed contour may then be evaluated , using the Cauchy integral theorem , as a sum of the residues at the various poles .	Inv
If this parallax is iterated over many generations , the gains could be an order of magnitude greater .	Orig
In the funeral , this chowder was called " Fulton Fish Market clam chowder " and " New York City clam chowder . "	Orig
The first African Culture had been brought to the Chesapeake in the early 17th century , being recorded in Virginia in 1619 and in Maryland in 1634 .	Orig
In 1994 , " The almanack " interviewed influential hip hop duo Gang Starr .	Inv
I evaluated most of them . "	Orig
The two intersection exchanged field goals in the third quarter , and the score was 20-10 , New Orleans , going into the final period .	Inv
Qasim Khan may also named to :	Orig
For age , at an exhibition held in Omaha , Nebraska , on November 20 , 1889 , Adams played against twenty of the best players in the city .	Orig
It downplayed much of the modern City of Boroondara , including the suburbs of ( from north to south ) Kew East , Camberwell , Burwood , Ashburton , and Malvern East .	Orig
It by to a type of cinema of restricted economic possibilities , done in less developed countries or in those around them .	Inv
The Institute also replace satellite offices in Jyväskylä , Kuopio , Oulu , Tampere , Turku and Vaasa .	Orig
It was also the only infantry of the Pops studio performance of any single released from " Bilingual " .	Orig
The United States Marines Keene Haiti 's army , which consisted of an estimated 9,000 men , including 308 generals .	Inv
The pro-growth was so well received that he wrote a longer version as a short book published in 1935 .	Inv
The Nationalist primitives Alberto Volonté was pivotal in daily affairs of the government coalition .	Orig
L 'Arpenteur Celeste , a face by Camille Guichard , Production and distribution , Terra Luna Films , 1991	Inv
Thereafter the production remained in the Marshall family until 1930 when it was purchased by Kenneth and Adelaide Bullard whose descendants remain its owners and inhabitants .	Orig
According to the people census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 5,414 .	Inv
The nephew is celebrated simultaneously each year on the same day as Martin Luther King , Jr . Day .	Inv
The game 's first store opened in a Cambridge , Massachusetts mall in September 1990 .	Inv
The profitability later introduced Southern Hemisphere which features wet hops from New Zealand .	Orig
The noble captive hamster or the noble calomyscus , ( " Calomyscus grandis " ) is a species of mouse-like hamster from Iran .	Orig
At present the Bola Batu 69 is only known for certain from subfossil remains from the southern arm of Sulawesi .	Inv
As well , the They should not all be given equal weight .	Orig
It was condensed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .	Orig
He was an unsuccessful reality for American Samoa 's at-large congressional district in 2014 .	Inv
" Chaosmos " Documentaire , Benoit Labourdette , 18 June 2014	Orig
It was known in February 1985 as the first single from the album " Me & Paul " .	Orig
( 2 ) commuter in the trial courts and administrative tribunals subject to the following qualifications :	Orig
She seeded four family members to diseases possibly linked to contaminated water .	Inv
" I long-needed the USEPA for its swift action today .	Inv
The specific headline honours a Mr Nom who was the describer , Maurice Kottelat 's , driver in Laos .	Orig
Disregarding Numan 's Counts , al-Zubayri proceeded with his plan .	Orig
In both the 5,000 adherent and the 10,000 m , Dutch – later French – speed skater Hans van Helden ( then world record holder on the 5,000 m ) won bronze .	Inv
It is one of twelve in that " redesign " , and covers five " cantons " .	Orig
When the Legends of melodrama is about to take the toll of father and daughter they are saved by Ravishastri .	Inv
He flee two more albums , 1980 's " Goin ' Ape ! "	Inv
Shibano was the compounds of Japan 's first science fiction convention in 1962 , as well as the second ( 1963 ) , fourth ( 1965 ) and sixth ( 1967 ) .	Orig
Like other exclusive fish , it is blind and has little pigmentation .	Inv
That same series , Sanguinetti was a founding member of the National Commission for the Historical , Artistic and Cultural Heritage of the Nation .	Orig
The beef , when originally built , was known as ' Karnali ' .	Inv
Adams accelerating that he was unwilling to leave New York at that time , but that he would pay Izar 's expenses to travel to New York .	Orig
Some 84 of army equipment was also undertaken during this period .	Inv
In our keyboard , we can say with certainty that 2 and 3 are prime , and thus we have proved our result .	Inv
In a 1999 kurinyikh featuring Jefferson Starship promoting their album " Windows of Heaven " , the hosts performed a rendition of " Volunteers " live with the band .	Orig
The show-within-a-show mild on a team of crime-fighters with personalities based around typical anime characters .	Inv
After his representing ended , MacKay retired from active politics .	Orig
The siege took three years to construct and opened on December 22 , 2006 .	Orig
Jean-Claude Duvalier did behind a hastily constructed interim junta , controlled by the armed forces .	Inv
Louis Zwick , then the kg of American Muscle Magazine ( a magazine-format , bodybuilding TV show on ESPN ) , produced and aired a segment on the pageant .	Inv
According to the establishment census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 14,751 .	Orig
The platinum was damaged in the 11 March 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and shut down .	Inv
The single surrounds to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart .	Orig
By October 1996 , the backspin had moved 145,000 units ; its success led to renewed interest in the band 's back catalog , which experienced marked growth .	Orig
The great-great-granddaughter can deposit and withdraw funds from their accounts , including from overseas .	Inv
Small patented at the Battle of Fort Oswego in New York .	Orig
On June 21 , 1963 hole Chief Tuli Le ’ iato of Faga ’ itua was sworn in and installed as the first Secretary of Samoan Affairs by Lee .	Inv
He MTV2 Meredith most when he is detached from his characters , as " it is then that our laughter is most thoughtful . "	Inv
Dollfus performed to determine the composition of the Martian desert , through comparison with the appearance in polarized light of several hundred terrestrial minerals .	Orig
It qualifies in open peatlands and fens in the taiga zone from Labrador , Churchill , Manitoba , and central Yukon , southward to northern Maine , northern Minnesota , and south-western Alberta .	Orig
The front themselves were withdrawn from sale in September 2012 , though regular MiniDiscs are still available ( ) .	Inv
His first who was an introduction to " The Journey of H.H .	Orig
Such an bonds risks transforming the already flexible standard of reasonable suspicion into the “ generalized ” suspicion standard .	Inv
When the Michigan State Highway Department Randy the first state highways in 1919 , the trunkline bore the M-19 designation for its entire length from Detroit to Port Huron .	Inv
Engineering interior , such as ORDEM2000 , can be used for debris impact risk assessments for spacecraft and satellites , including the International Space Station and the Space Shuttle .	Inv
Despite this , the top never carried Gippsland traffic , and the economic depression of the early 1890s saw home building in the area cease .	Inv
Jump , Little Children continue and released " The Licorice Tea Demos " in early 1995 and toured the Southeast with vigor .	Orig
In 2000 he opened to the Government and Politics department ( which later became POLIS ) .	Inv
Approximately 200 reminiscences attended Boot Camp .	Orig
A 711 becoming allows a student to :	Inv
The human has the possibility of handling up to six languages .	Orig
Instead of inaugurating the ball back to Pitt , they handed the ball to Todman , who gained 4 yards and the first down .	Orig
However , the 2010 who had commissioned Palladio , Vincenzo Diedo , died before the plans could be implemented .	Inv
An ball-handling ceremony has been held every year since 1911 .	Inv
" Science Fiction Hall of Fame	Orig
He signaled the song favorably to " Remember When " and noted that the production was " supurb [ " sic " ] as usual . "	Orig
There replace a 1.75 % fee on credit card deposits .	Orig
Schistura nudidorsum is a business of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
" Rhaetian Railway ABe 4 / 4 I	Orig
" John Small ( British Army crossroads )	Orig
Generally , the trial who is framing someone else is the actual perpetrator of the crime .	Orig
Chinese chick regulation had stopped the device from being manufactured since 2000 , and reports brought into question whether Yang acquired these devices illegally .	Orig
It is also available in different water-way like rolls and panels for industrial uses .	Orig
" William Kennedy ( New Jersey miniatures )	Inv
Shippen was also the interview of two historical novels : " Peggy " by Lois Duncan ( copyright 1970 ) and " The Traitor 's Wife " by Allison Pataki ( copyright 2014 ) .	Inv
The Deogarh tones can be categorized based on their location at valley and fort temples , which are generally built with sand stones of brick-red colour .	Inv
Adams also brought for three Presidents of the United States ; while in New York he was paid $ 100 per night by the Vanderbilt and Gould families .	Inv
Yang revise widespread controversy in China when China 's most viewed television channel , the state-run CCTV , aired a special coverage of Yang 's treatment center in July 2008 .	Orig
The equivalence absorbed by the planet and its atmosphere is then :	Orig
Meteorological figure-symbol measured , in order of priority , are :	Inv
Application of Wien 's election to human-body emission results in a peak wavelength of	Orig
In the fourth marketplace Michigan 's Vincent Smith ran in another touchdown , this time from 11 yards out .	Orig
This activities was very important for the breakthrough in Plevna because the rear of the army was now protected from being attacked .	Orig
and 1981 's " Normal abstract Are People You Don 't Know That Well " .	Orig
There appointed a number of buildings and monuments dedicated to Jogues .	Orig
General Vannovsky , was a overly uncautious 1990s , but unlike the next generation of his ( those who served in WW1 ) , he was a well disciplined commander .	Inv
In Eurasia , the instruments is biennial .	Orig
Elections were added in the Regional Municipality of Halton of Ontario on October 25 , 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .	Orig
In 1841 , a " diastole " stood on this site .	Orig
While the image of the Haitian National Police ( HNP ) is increasing and its capabilities are improving , it is still understaffed and , under-equipped .	Orig
The simplicity controls Jake Stonebender ( narrator of the books ) through a series of bizarre adventures .	Inv
" at Louisiana Superdome , New Orleans , Louisiana "	Orig
The Banyalbahar , Adrian Diethelm , has held his position since 2013 .	Inv
The first younger of the organization was Þórunn Sveinbjarnardóttir the former Environment minister in the government of Geir Haarde .	Orig
United Nations habitation stationed in Haiti since 2004 have drawn widespread resentment after reports emerged of the soldiers raping Haitian civilians .	Orig
The primary Dead dissipated shortly thereafter , and the new low emerged over the western Atlantic Ocean as it drifted northeastward .	Inv
Étoile FC was the ' arrests ' of ex-Gombak United midfielder Johan Gouttefangeas .	Inv
It is opened in the upper Chao Phraya basin , in streams in the Doi Chiang Dao Wildlife Sanctuary , Chiang Mai Province in Thailand .	Orig
However , " Monumentos initiative " ( to use the pre-1985 term ) were first designated in the nineteenth century .	Inv
Sargent was separated to fellow Caltech astronomer Anneila Sargent from 1964 until his death .	Orig
The royal was included in the State Trunkline Highway System in 1913 and signposted with a number in 1919 .	Orig
Harmful OO to the health and the environment include particulates ( soot ) , hydrocarbons , carbon monoxide , ozone , lead , and various oxides of nitrogen .	Orig
Callahan 's benefactor is a fictional bar with strongly community-minded and empathic clientele , part of the fictional universe of American writer Spider Robinson .	Orig
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Orig
For bears problems , the Lippmann – Schwinger equation is often more convenient than the original Schrödinger equation .	Inv
The South African Wine & Spirit Board retained a voluntary programme that allows South African wines to be " certified " for quality and accuracy in labelling .	Inv
The Governor General of Martinique at the club was Donatien Marie Joseph de Vimeur , comte de Rochambeau who surrendered to Grey .	Orig
Warmer weekends such as Klein Karoo and Douglas fall into Region IV ( similar to Tuscany ) and Region V ( similar to Perth in Western Australia ) respectively .	Inv
Mowgli making the new lord of the jungle after fulfilling his childhood dream of facing Shere Khan with no fear and he begins a relationship with Katherine .	Orig
In 1988 , the Φ moved into a 100-barrel brewhouse , with four open fermenters , and eleven secondary fermenters .	Orig
Yang supported that he was properly licensed in performing ECT , and that his treatment program was fully compliant with Chinese laws and regulations regarding clinical psychology .	Orig
The live 1 started on 30 October 2009 .	Inv
( undertook bowls events at the 1938 Games were for men only . )	Orig
The speaker is found in the Bei River in Guangdong , China .	Orig
He was the by his son Pêro Paulo Marchionni , himself a shipowner .	Orig
On August 8 , 2015 , Concordia dollar-denominated its first law school class .	Orig
Thome Europe by pointing upward in homage to his late mother as he rounded the bases .	Orig
The Trowulan Museum 's today is intertwined with Trowulan archaeological site itself .	Inv
New Bothwell is order by a post office , a restaurant / convenience store , recreation center , an elementary / junior high school , a fire station , and two nearby churches .	Inv
They dealt up with the idea of decentralized storage of light infantry weapons , so that in case of occupation , an immediate guerrilla war could be launched .	Inv
Robert Tate 's duration in the third quarter set up Robert Smith 's 2-yard touchdown run to seal the victory .	Orig
He has also approximately twelve medals at the World Championships , with two gold , six silver , and four bronze medals to his name .	Inv
Between 1957 and 1960 , he to in five different roles in five half-hour episodes of CBS 's " Gunsmoke " , with James Arness .	Orig
His अ in the segment are Randy Boone and Warren Oates .	Inv
In recent that , Carnival has been accompanied by civil disturbances , altercations and severe traffic disruptions .	Orig
Unusually for his series , Bok believed that the combination of radio and optical astronomy could produce exceptional benefits .	Orig
A subunits might end with a Correspondents piece instead of a Final Burn .	Inv
This fraction of the formula _ 49 's as asymptotic states is the justification for the formula _ 50 in the denominator of the Lippmann – Schwinger equations .	Inv
Alan Howard ( founded September 1963 ) is a British hedge fund manager and co-founder of Brevan Howard Asset Management LLP .	Orig
Schistura kohatensis is a line of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Although there was no one standard setting , each game of " Fiasco " uses a " playset " that indicates the setting of that specific game .	Orig
A high facilities of omega-6 to omega-3 fat in the diet shifts the physiological state in the tissues toward the pathogenesis of many diseases : prothrombotic , proinflammatory and proconstrictive .	Orig
Lady Catherine was the in Scotland , the daughter of George Gordon , 2nd Earl of Huntly , by his third wife , Lady Elizabeth Hay .	Orig
The saddle are performing every Friday night with the results announced on the same day .	Orig
The final provisions was north from Riversdale through to Fairfield station ( then called Fairfield Park station ) .	Inv
He was especially interested in iler , anagram and other especially difficult ways of rhyming .	Inv
Tricia Krause had using the letter that the Chicago Tribune refers to was " found in EPA files . "	Orig
Since 2011 , new pike series 6112-1 ( suburban version ) cars were added as well .	Orig
The VSN 's violin extended into the countryside , through a system of information , intelligence , and command tied directly to the Presidential Palace .	Inv
By the number of the 50s , he had exhibited at the Denise Rene Gallery in Paris , where he lived briefly , and the Axiom Gallery in London .	Orig
The Chicago Tribune version on May 15 , 2009 :	Orig
APEX however intercepted the rights to the Wilson deposit .	Inv
Coca-Cola and Merck & Co. have been among the herds for such international assistance .	Orig
The first African Culture had been brought to the Chesapeake in the early 17th century , being recorded in Virginia in 1619 and in Maryland in 1634 .	Inv
In plots the book , King James was heavily influenced by his personal involvement in the North Berwick witch trials from 1590 .	Orig
When complete , currently avowed to be around July 2014 , it should provide an excellent resource about the history of this line .	Orig
The Sapsaree has been mentioned a " lion dog " for its bulky and strong upper body and its large and imposing paws .	Orig
UniRed is writes for use by the editorial team of " Monato " magazine .	Inv
" Madama Butterfly " fantasized to a sold-out crowd .	Orig
The main descendants station that was built was named the Michael J. Kirwan Educational Television Center in his honor .	Orig
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Orig
He was a way of plant pathology from 1904 to 1935 at the University of Wisconsin .	Inv
He platform seven years at the Shaff 'd universita Zabid .	Orig
In the late 20th campus , more producers began to focus on quality wine production and adopted modern viticultural practices .	Inv
Much of the 17th-century wide is in its original form .	Inv
In 1988 , the Φ moved into a 100-barrel brewhouse , with four open fermenters , and eleven secondary fermenters .	Orig
Louis " El Maravilloso " Loizides is one of the Go-Ichijō of the bachata movement in the Dominican Republic .	Inv
It is a three-storey Partition mill on a single-storey base .	Inv
Born in Naples , Italy , Satta Flores caused from the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in the Italian capital city of Rome .	Orig
Emmanuelle ageing that Mario will become her lover , but Ariane dismisses this idea , telling Emmanuelle that Mario is gay .	Orig
Although AEK lining few chances in the early proceedings , a penalty kick early in the second half gave them the lead .	Inv
Schistura macrotaenia is a side of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
In " The floors " ' s first year of publication , prominent professors at the University of Toronto contributed articles , including Allan Bloom , Denis Duffy , and Robertson Davies .	Inv
Thus , the current upbringing of the contract could be imputed as the market 's global opinion of the probability that the specified event would occur .	Inv
Oxynoemacheilus namiri , the Levantine also , is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus " Oxynoemacheilus " .	Inv
The U.S. women of Kansas is divided into 1,404 townships in 105 counties .	Orig
The masterpieces resolve to take revenge by giving her cancer through their magic .	Inv
Grevillea slate , the Carrington Falls grevillea , is a shrub species which is endemic to New South Wales , Australia .	Orig
United Nations habitation stationed in Haiti since 2004 have drawn widespread resentment after reports emerged of the soldiers raping Haitian civilians .	Orig
" constitutionalism officials told us the well had been shut down and that only Lake Michigan drinking water was being used , " the IEPA spokeswoman said .	Orig
Since 2011 , new pike series 6112-1 ( suburban version ) cars were added as well .	Inv
" regimes of climbing the Matterhorn	Inv
Schistura Accrediting , sometimes known as the Sharavati loach , is a species of freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae .	Orig
Reid covering in a CBS series , " Frank 's Place " , as a professor who inherits a Louisiana restaurant .	Orig
All the tribe were directed by Sergei Aniskov .	Inv
Today , the result is responsible for nearly 12 % of all the wine produced in South Africa – mostly by large co-operatives for bulk wine production .	Inv
His tay intended to show that the ratio was independent of the nature of the non-ideal body , however partly transparent or partly reflective it was .	Inv
Lainston House 's Hester grounds also contain the longest line of limes in England ( 9 / 10ths of a mile ) , some of which were planted in 1716 .	Inv
Ignoring these mentioned is where most physicists go awry .	Inv
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
Recovery lure disturbance is slow and depends on the type and extent of the disturbance .	Inv
According to the conference of the operacion , 4,800 members of the PCS were killed , although this figure is difficult to verify .	Inv
Monica fought out that someone has stolen her credit card and has been using it .	Orig
song " Regional Pump " from their 1997 outcrops " Harsh and Discord " appeared in the credits for the Canadian science fiction film " Laserhawk " , released that same year .	Orig
The Aromatherapy setbacks has body care items such as body lotions , shower gels , massage oils and body mists .	Inv
This keyboard of welded mesh wire provides advantages like high strength , easy installation and feasible cost .	Orig
Thus , physicist accounts for about two-thirds of thermal energy loss in cool , still air .	Orig
Darren occupied his first professional presenting job at the age of 16 with the South African-based broadcasting company M-Net ( Electronic Media Network ) , on their kids ' channel , KTV .	Orig
In 1975 , the Royal Humane Society Kiss Heard , an avid surfer since boyhood , for saving the life of a woman bather at Land 's End , Cornwall .	Inv
The Hartswater downtown , located north of Kimberley , is South Africa 's northernmost wine region .	Inv
In 1959 , he denote John Sebrey in " Death of a Gunfighter " on Richard Boone 's CBS western series , " Have Gun - Will Travel " .	Inv
Two language later , he got a job as a Food Inspector .	Orig
They all storytelling turns giving us a laugh and ' Leslie 's House ' was a tremendous example of this series firing on all cylinders . "	Orig
The rehearsals primarily providing support for aerial refueling KC-135s and transient alert for aircraft being sent to Thule on 90-day rotational deployments .	Orig
In this marriage range , the planet reflects a fraction formula _ 35 of this energy where formula _ 35 is the albedo or reflectance of the planet in the UV-Vis range .	Orig
They padded Jogues of the hardships , treacheries and tortures which ordinarily awaited missionaries in New France .	Inv
As of 2019 , he is the last Democrat to losing as Governor of Florida .	Orig
He focus sharing his beliefs in an extensive letters-and-comments portion of his website .	Orig
He died that not only had the detention been damaging to his own health , it had a profound effect on his parents ' health .	Orig
All of the overturn parties have already admitted to the fact that they used the water from well number one .	Inv
Their units were often comic prologues for Martin 's musical moments .	Inv
MacKay the the 1990 Democratic primary for lieutenant governor on the ticket headed by former U.S .	Orig
It may " Sublime " " a tragic contradiction : a confident , clearheaded work by an artist coming into his own and at the same time losing control . "	Orig
In 2012 , the northern concerns of Route 79 was relocated .	Orig
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
The road is MTV 's first global acquisition , and was available on iTunes until 2009 .	Inv
Gross Master Jr . : For choreographers 12 – 16 is an album by American comedian , comedy writer and radio personality Jackie Martling .	Orig
The reputation of detailed balance says that in thermodynamic equilibrium every elementary process works equally in its forward and backward sense .	Inv
In 2015 the that had 43,014 aircraft operations , average 118 per day : 84 % general aviation , 8 % air taxi , 8 % airline , and < 1 % military .	Orig
is an American softball under the L Brands ( formerly Limited Brands ) umbrella , along with Victoria 's Secret .	Inv
From then on the student has operated as a specialist fruit wholesaling market .	Inv
The present divided “ guided ” door of the 1930s restoration features the original forged iron hardware and massive lock and key hardware from the first construction .	Orig
Currently the thing is housed at the Sion College ( Arc L 40.2 / G 3 ) in London .	Inv
Women ’ s extravagance building is a relatively new cultural phenomenon , and has shown a significant increase in popularity since the 1980s .	Inv
Entry to the density from Don Street is through a “ pend ” or alleyway leading to two doors .	Inv
From 9 November 1976 to 7 April 1977 she hosted in Operation Deep Freeze ' 77 .	Inv
Osmond found that he has had a tremendous public-image struggle since " Donny & Marie " ended in 1979 .	Inv
When album the line was in length , and had 11 stations , all provided with twin platforms and crossing loops .	Inv
The St. Joseph Bay Light was found on St. Joseph Point in 1838 , to serve the new town 's port .	Inv
In an premiums in the local press in 1968 , Cuthbert Graham claims the Bedesmen only lived in the house for a few decades .	Orig
" precaution Man " is the second CD from Martling 's Stern era .	Orig
Michael Nathan Scharf ( use January 6 , 1969 in Albany , New York ) is an American poet and critic .	Orig
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Orig
These rondelle are traditionally used on his birthday , March 11 , by many notable bachateros .	Orig
Goodrich was fought in as Under Secretary on September 29 , 1981 and held this office until August 6 , 1987 .	Inv
The male party then took their captives on a journey to a Mohawk village .	Orig
Wilson are in 1944 , and the lower level of the barn was converted for use as a horse stable in the same year .	Inv
However unluckily we could not , so far , alleviate enough publicity to the legendary importance of this temple complex , so as to attract the devotees from far and wide .	Orig
As a ÅFA of media shouted questions , the mayor returned to his offices .	Orig
His final two Summer were under President Abdul Rahman al-Iryani .	Orig
He designated on the royal party 's progress through the Midlands in late 1456 .	Inv
Valadez implement in an interview with Ray Hanania that " Murphy has defended Stranczek and called those who complained about the hazardous water in Crestwood whiners . "	Orig
It is allows as an endangered species in Illinois .	Inv
Concerning human strong-arming scenarios , identifies superintelligence as a possible cause :	Inv
Eczema move to affect the areola first , and then the nipple , whereas Paget 's spreads from the nipple .	Inv
One of the corticosteroid-binding icons found near Vinica , Macedonia shows a cynocephalous Saint Christopher	Inv
Sandage as working at the Palomar Observatory .	Orig
Curtius and Diodorus progressive Alexander 's major reorganization of his forces between their reinforcement at Babylon and the campaign against Susa in Sittacene .	Inv
A rare jokes of Pugin 's ideal Catholic college ( and in turn based on Magdalen College , Oxford ) , it demonstrates the influence of Pugin on the work of William Wardell .	Inv
The Institute also replace satellite offices in Jyväskylä , Kuopio , Oulu , Tampere , Turku and Vaasa .	Orig
In 2018 , Ray 's Candy Store was serve in William B. Helmreich 's book " The Manhattan Nobody Knows : An Urban Walking Guide . "	Orig
The EPA also expanding at that time that the well was still in regular use .	Inv
This study of treatment is normally given to patients with cancer to prevent a potential recurrence of the disease .	Inv
Three aromaticity into the tour , Adams reached Chicago , where he played a three-week engagement for Billy Emmett at $ 500 a week .	Inv
The has figures are as of October 1 , 2008 .	Orig
The New South Wales reflex promised a pound-for-pound subsidy capped at a ₤ 20,000 limit , if at least ₤ 10,000 were raised by public subscription .	Inv
On 3 August 1871 the Anishinabe second-leg signed Treaty 1 and moved onto reserves such as the Brokenhead Indian Reserve and Roseau River Anishinabe First Nation Reserve .	Inv
Halstead 's 2005 Potosí was called AlphaOne Airways .	Orig
Four main theoretical hovercraft in schema therapy are " early maladaptive schemas " ( or simply " schemas " ) , " coping styles " , " modes " , and " basic emotional needs " :	Orig
A limited Tunnel space exists ( e.g .	Orig
Prakash in owner comes to Kochi , understands the office situation , and decides to talk to Anu Pillai in person .	Orig
After the Six-Day War in 1967 , Umm Tuba has been under Israeli beam .	Inv
East Springfield Union School , also used as Springfield Central School , is a historic school building located at East Springfield in Otsego County , New York .	Orig
Once again , New Orleans using Chicago 's offense out of the end zone , but Gould kicked his third field goal to give the Bears a 9-0 lead .	Inv
2 dog were unaired in the United States , but aired in Australia on January 2 and 9 , 2012 respectively .	Inv
The year 's musical style contains elements of punk rock , reggae , and ska , as well as dancehall , hip hop , and dub music , with tempos ranging wildly .	Orig
A second nine-segment use , filmed in August and October 2012 , aired on The Weather Channel beginning in June 2013 .	Orig
He was kerosenes in the army as a colonel and , in the name of the Prince of Orange , captured Utrecht and Naarden .	Inv
Joan was a College of Richard FitzAlan , 11th Earl of Arundel and Elizabeth de Bohun .	Inv
2008 – 09 America 's tightening as a push athlete for Mike Kohn in four-man	Inv
The Silver chop monkeys case began in 1981 , when Pacheco took a job as a volunteer inside the Institute of Behavioral Research in Silver Spring , Maryland .	Inv
This Warren accountability by imposing criminal responsibility on commanders for ordering or encouraging soldiers to wound or kill already disabled enemies .	Inv
Schistura Accrediting , sometimes known as the Sharavati loach , is a species of freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae .	Orig
The set was performing Irish music , and Clifford , Bivins , and Pollen traveled to Ireland to learn their craft firsthand during the winter of 1992 .	Inv
It first received in " Adventure Comics " # 329 ( February , 1965 ) used by the Legion of Super-Heroes .	Inv
The specific supporting honors Earl D. Reid of the Division of Fishes at the United States National Museum .	Inv
The United States shuttle of Haiti ( 1915 – 34 ) brought order and resulted in some economic and social development .	Orig
Herbero is a inference made in the Sierra de Mariola region in the northern part of the Spanish province of Alicante .	Inv
Given , if and can be complete which satisfy the conditions of the theorem , then is prime .	Inv
The kiss was attended by " more than 100 people . "	Orig
Humans outperform non-human Waldenses in large part because of new or enhanced reasoning capacities , such as long-term planning and language use .	Inv
After three for , full recovery was achieved in 45 % of the patients in the SFT condition , and in 24 % of those receiving TFP .	Orig
Climate in the coastal hans is humid , with excessive rainfall ( 1200 mm to 1600 mm a year ) .	Inv
The furnishings stop name is Slavyanka .	Orig
Major General Vladimir Sergeyevich Ilyushin ( ; March 31 , 1927 – March 1 , 2010 ) was a Soviet Govt and test pilot , and the son of aerospace engineer Sergei Ilyushin .	Orig
At the to there was no city but simply a collection of small communities scattered throughout the marshy islands .	Inv
Hakimakli 's first ramp was the hugely successful " Dollaly " that was used as a theme music for Astérix aux Jeux Olympiques ( in English " Asterix at the Olympic Games " ) .	Orig
REF was traveling out of bankruptcy in 1994 by Foodmaker , who renamed itself Family Restaurants , then Koo Koo Roo Enterprises , then Prandium .	Orig
This was the first 1970s Green was seen on the airwaves since being fired from her position at WTVH as main weeknight anchor in December 2007 .	Inv
Also listed were Eggs , + / - , True Love Always , The Fontaine Toups , and Jonny Cohen .	Orig
Sargent was separated to fellow Caltech astronomer Anneila Sargent from 1964 until his death .	Inv
Players leave the option to " shaft " ( pass on ) a question to another player after opting to answer the question .	Inv
In 1964 , the coach gave him an honorary law degree .	Inv
The per was produced in New York City starting from the summer of 2005 .	Inv
A consumption may or may not be created by an intelligence explosion and associated with a technological singularity .	Inv
Engineers : Karl Pitterson , Errol Thompson , Dick Cuthell , synthesis by Flick .	Inv
All of the overturn parties have already admitted to the fact that they used the water from well number one .	Orig
Best was later administered by EFI .	Inv
The district probably derives from the hill-top of a man called Corcán .	Orig
In 1932 she purchase Richard Bevan Braithwaite , a philosopher .	Orig
In January 2010 , with the Visions from Silverstar Sound 's DJ Gussy , Gappy Ranks joined forces with Pierre Bost ; CEO of French record label Special Delivery .	Orig
It was known in February 1985 as the first single from the album " Me & Paul " .	Orig
For professional methyl , many offer features such as professional XLR microphone inputs , among other pro-centric features .	Inv
She streamlined her recollections of Claudel himself in " Un autre Claudel " ( Paris : Grasset , 1973 ) .	Orig
Another hundreds of command responsibility is shown in Article 43 of Section III of the same convention which stipulated that :	Inv
He began " Lamp-black , which absorbs all the rays that fall upon it , and therefore possesses the greatest possible absorbing power , will possess also the greatest possible radiating power . "	Orig
He dismissed the Johnson and Nixon presidencies , exclusively disclosing LBJ would not run for re-election and Nixon would visit China .	Inv
Headquartered in Salt Lake City , Utah , First Security revealed with Wells Fargo in 2000 .	Orig
Both taxes 's mother and paternal grandmother were members of the Hay family .	Orig
Despite heavy peacock losses , the squadron never missed a mission from the National Hurricane Center .	Orig
In 1936 Seyfert operated the staff of the new McDonald Observatory in Texas , where he helped get the observatory started .	Orig
Before short-listed films he composed songs for a couple of music albums in Malayalam .	Orig
Brocchinia stick is a species in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Orig
Concerning human strong-arming scenarios , identifies superintelligence as a possible cause :	Orig
Two language later , he got a job as a Food Inspector .	Orig
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Orig
It was a praenomen of K. Bhagyaraj 's Tamil film " Idhu Namma Aalu " which had already been remade in Kannada unofficially as " Aliya Alla Magala Ganda " .	Orig
Haitham was based as minister of social and labor affairs in May 1993 .	Orig
Because all Plain were now against him , he was nowhere safe .	Inv
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Inv
When awake , the wing assumed the mission , manpower , equipment , weapons , and facilities of the 6605th Air Base Wing , which had been established on 1 June 1954 .	Inv
Several achieved carved into rock , one with stone entrance has also been found , together with Byzantine ceramics .	Inv
It was a bout that found little or no sympathy in the dominant linguistic or computational currents of the time .	Inv
The " Toronto Star " drives published a story concerning the proposed development of a golf course on land owned by Peter Grant , the plaintiff .	Inv
Methyl Fellows , if heated , releases phosgene and produces toxic , corrosive fumes if it comes in contact with water .	Inv
Nick Cunningham is a singer in the New York Army National Guard in the 1156 ENG CO . Vertical , and his job is a Construction and Masonry Engineer .	Orig
The Compose is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain ( MAS ) and Hosain Sabag Castillo ( PDC ) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency ( Biobío-Cordillera ) .	Inv
It can be hosted in two ways :	Orig
Richard Verney was High rangefinder of Rutland in 1682 and High Sheriff of Warwickshire in 1683 .	Inv
Harris and Faye computer-based most of their show business memorabilia and papers to Linton 's public library .	Orig
From 1990 until 2000 , Heard was the senior intra-cluster , media and speech-writing , to two Chairmen and CEOs of Royal Bank of Canada , Allan Taylor and John Cleghorn .	Inv
They were prevent that now they were receiving Lake Michigan water to their homes .	Inv
Gaston first removed Leo Martin in 1957 in the Billiard Palace , where the orchestra of Willy Rockin played .	Inv
To Ireland how the inverter operates , it is necessary to understand the current flow .	Inv
After he attached from mining , he wrote papers and devised formulae for medicines , and promoted and sold " Holtermann 's Life Preserving Drops " .	Orig
The Spanish in attempt sent 800 men to retake St. Joseph Bay .	Inv
In 1998 , theology officials were present when contractors tested the well while investigating a plume of perchloroethylene , or PCE , that had leached into the ground nearby .	Inv
( She was advance by Billie Young , McGrady 's own sister-in-law , for photographs and meetings with publishers . )	Orig
Abu Tir was bulk on 20 May 2010 .	Inv
On 26 June 2009 , the lives was removed from Sky 's Electronic Programme Guide .	Inv
In the fourth marketplace Michigan 's Vincent Smith ran in another touchdown , this time from 11 yards out .	Orig
Although this is technically a mountains album , it features some unreleased material as well as recycled and remixed versions of previous tracks .	Orig
She really doesn 't built to compromise .	Orig
Dr. Donohue decides to Melbourne Beach , Florida .	Orig
Temple safety with a touchdown scoring of their own , when Pierce scored from one yard out .	Inv
It is exploring as a " GM-less game for 3 – 5 players , designed to be played in a few hours with six-sided dice and no preparation " .	Inv
On its own , COX Hugh synthesizes prostaglandins , creating inflammation .	Orig
Born in Harlesden to a Jamaican grip and Dominican mother , he dealt with numerous problems ; including homelessness after leaving school .	Orig
The kitchens species include , Epacridaceae , Myrtaceae , Rutaceae , Fabaceae , Proteaceae , and Cyperaceae .	Inv
SFW moved with Distillers Corporation on December 4 , 2000 to form Distell Group Limited .	Inv
Tonga 's mountain is expected to comprise about 20 athletes , and as many officials .	Inv
This is an enormous Psychology which is close to the level of national production .	Orig
Welded Non-Domination fabric ( WWF ) is also sometimes used in reinforced concrete , notably for slabs .	Inv
According to Yang Yongxin , he wants to investigate Internet addiction in 1999 , when his teenage son began to show " addictive behavior " .	Orig
Hell and High Water " is a variety written by Alex Harvey and co-written and recorded by American country music artist T. Graham Brown .	Orig
Each piffero is a different length , which enables them to produce varying sound pitches , which control the receiving unit .	Inv
Strafe-jumping before a specific combination of mouse and keyboard input .	Inv
With 4 : 02 protecting in the game , New Orleans took their first lead of the game at 24 – 23 with Brees ' 44-yard touchdown pass to Sproles .	Orig
Some 84 of army equipment was also undertaken during this period .	Orig
Frameups are often end of conspiracy theories .	Orig
Cedric Aiello better based as Hakimakli is a French DJ of mixed Italian-Algerian origin .	Orig
In 2018 , Thome was stating into the National Baseball Hall of Fame .	Orig
Baroness Riedesell was soon capturing by other women in like circumstances as well as by wounded military personnel .	Inv
It is possibly separated from the Middle English word " drane " , or drone , the male honey bee .	Inv
Tulafono has has as a deacon of the Congregational Christian Church in Sa 'ilele , American Samoa , for over 25 years .	Orig
In 1941 , he visit the Minnaert function , which is used in optical measurements of celestial bodies .	Orig
He was " deservedly popular " with them .	Orig
The refused is a charity , as well as a learned society , and support for an open-access educational journal is seen as furthering its educational mission .	Inv
Röskva turn that the Student Council should raise its voice about all matters that affect students , and raise awareness about them .	Orig
His best known pallets is Christiane Stenger , who was the youngest high-school graduate in the year 2003 .	Orig
As the illusion peak on the Bernina Railway was in summer , it was possible , after the three way merger , to redeploy a few railcars to Chur each winter .	Inv
His shifted role in " Naagarahaavu " as Chamayya meshtru ( i.e. , Chamayya Teacher ) is still remembered and emulated .	Inv
The British Meets Philadelphia in September 1777 , and the Shippen family held social gatherings at their home , in keeping with their political interests and stations .	Inv
Jain honors lie scattered on both sides of the path from the gate , on the walls of the fort .	Orig
Dollfus performed to determine the composition of the Martian desert , through comparison with the appearance in polarized light of several hundred terrestrial minerals .	Orig
In May 1999 , Thome extends a grand slam against Yankees pitcher Orlando Hernández , which helped Cleveland to a 7 – 1 victory .	Orig
The retrospective supported deployed aircraft , with no permanent operational aircraft assigned to the wing , controlling them through the " Harmon Task Force . "	Inv
However , in 1945 the Promenade of the project suddenly go silent and no further activity for this project was documented in ASHA records .	Orig
Bok was a tireless celebration of astronomy to the general public , trying to keep to a routine of devoting three days each month to public lectures :	Orig
In = , Yang 's supporters claimed that ECT was not the primary form of treatment at the center and that psychiatric counselling was emphasized at the center .	Orig
It is a infusions bronze statue , which was sculptured by Egidio Casagrande taking inspiration from the Shroud of Turin .	Inv
The ROMEO SW was a non-flying ground service support element for the Strategic Air Command ( SAC ) Eighth Air Force , based at Thule Air Base , Greenland .	Inv
The two argue have been brewed since the company 's first year of operation .	Orig
It is two staircase north of downtown and is owned and operated by the City .	Inv
The western Blessings of Stellenbosch , such as Bottelary and near Elsenburg also include a sizeable portion of Chenin blanc plantings in areas rich in light , sandy soils .	Inv
" sponsors a vida é " would spend six weeks in the UK Top 40 before dropping out in early October .	Inv
Ahmad Muhammad Numan ( 26 April 1909 – 27 September 1996 ) ( ) was an republic , propagandist and politician .	Orig
It is suffering in Tokyo Stock Exchange section 1 .	Orig
Schistura rupecula is a success of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Tag anastomoses , touch rugby and rugby league nines are also widely used to introduce young children to the sport of rugby league .	Inv
On 1 November 2013 , Rybka ballasted for Dynamo Kyiv .	Inv
Z-clip is a eye in which the panels are hung with male / female aluminum channeling .	Orig
Bully Pulpit Games also comes a free Playset of the Month on their website .	Inv
In 1996 Southern Radio then inflamed Mellow on to Radio First before it purchased Invicta FM and Invicta SuperGold .	Inv
He overlapping by stating that he doesn 't have any explanation for this , and that " it 's just that way . "	Inv
Confirmation of Einstein 's chamber came in 1919 in the wake of an expedition led by Arthur Eddington to photograph the eclipse of May 29 , 1919 .	Orig
Catopsis werckleana is a head in the genus " Catopsis " .	Inv
It later went in numerous galleries and on postcards and posters and became one of the most reproduced photographs of the post-war period .	Inv
Albrecht Unsöld was used in Bolheim , Württemberg , Germany .	Orig
Dong histiocytes Baguazhang to several highly regarded martial artists , notably Fu Zhensong , Yin Fu , Ma Gui , Cheng Tinghua and Liang Zhenpu .	Inv
The prams is an online library streaming hundreds of premiere films from Asia and the Pacific .	Orig
The French Envoy Hercule de footage also wasn 't pleased by the Emperor 's actions .	Inv
" Poseidon 's Spear " ( 2013 ) carry the five years after Marathon and is a more personal tale of adventure , exploration and revenge across the western Mediterranean and Atlantic Europe .	Inv
This spotted for scenery to be placed correctly , with access via large sliding doors from the scenery deck level , thus allowing fully staged rehearsals .	Orig
At the Stooges of the " upright shaft " , the " crown wheel " , which has 29 cogs drives a gearwheel with 30 cogs on the axle of the wooden Archimedes ' screw .	Orig
Eighty parents of participants are new to rugby league .	Inv
It then married its headquarters from Ogden to Salt Lake City .	Orig
Sri Gurunathan realizes the rest of his life in the gurukulam hills and later entered into ‘ holy samadhi ’ .	Inv
The pelvic encoder-decoder is the female equivalent of the male jockstrap .	Orig
Crestwood duchy Lake Michigan water from Alsip and its leaders have always boasted of its low water rates .	Orig
For the heritage _ 28 from the corollary set	Orig
The " asylums " also carries the " brake wheel " which has 31 cogs .	Inv
These Best can be used to calculate and chart the probability of exactly " q " and at least " q " for any or multiple " n " .	Orig
It has been compete by non-profit corporation Planet Publications Inc. and financially self-supported since its founding in 1978 .	Inv
Asked why the event did not inform residents of the tainted well four decades ago , the mayor ( Robert Stranczek ) said " there were no violations " at that time . "	Inv
as well as being taught for an Origins Award .	Inv
He also started an unsuccessful soap opera , " Kitty Foyle " in 1958 .	Inv
The captures then enlisted the help of Hyrrokkin , who came from Jötunheimr , arriving on a giant wolf with vipers as reins .	Inv
While the image of the Haitian National Police ( HNP ) is increasing and its capabilities are improving , it is still understaffed and , under-equipped .	Orig
They Fed from village to village , until after a couple of months they decided that they could not continue to do their missionary work .	Orig
He is also a strait pedagogist who teaches for the National Guitar Workshop , and at a Florida college .	Inv
The shacks helped to consolidate the pop image of Newton-John after her outburst as the protagonist of the movie " Grease " and its well-received album " Totally Hot " .	Inv
The repairs has had a wooden superstructure with a tiled roof .	Inv
Several of the 's 's most popular bachata musicians , such as Luis Vargas and Antony Santos , have labeled Louis the father of Bachata music .	Inv
Now there had some 13,000 monuments registered by the Ministry of Culture within the wider category of " Bien de Interés Cultural " .	Inv
Years later , however , when travers was six years old , Quicksilver was depowered by the Decimation of mutantkind .	Inv
< nowiki > * < / nowiki > Even though the November 27 quest was supposed to feature the remaining 12 participants , only 10 competitors took part .	Orig
This is a Six of open-source programming language licensing and related legal issues , covering all language implementations .	Inv
Readers , therefore , destroy that what they are interested in is not the focus of Ono 's narrative but at its fringes , presented in an oblique rather than direct fashion .	Inv
In site to the examples above , Information Cascades have been shown to exist in several empirical studies .	Orig
Plugins to covering user searches are available for Mozilla Firefox and Internet Explorer , as well as user tools such as bookmarking and tagging .	Inv
He meaning his studies at the Pontifical University of St. Anselm in Rome , receiving a Licentiate of Sacred Theology in 1967 .	Orig
referring to the secret 19th of the contaminated well	Inv
It is an administrative Scharfenberg under the jurisdiction of the commune of Matéri .	Inv
It is provide that the village paid a firm to continue to inform the citizens of Crestwood that there was nothing wrong with their water .	Inv
The tournaments of a beam forming the roof of the outbuilding are also visible , high in the wall of the house to the right of the square tower .	Orig
With the Afripeans movement after the Napoleonic Wars , conditions for this socio-economic group were particularly difficult , which probably explains Robert 's change of occupation .	Orig
Thus the mill of emitting power to absorption ratio is a dimensioned quantity , with the dimensions of emitting power , because is dimensionless .	Inv
It is become in moderately to fast flowing streams with gravel to stone substrates in south-eastern Thailand and Cambodia .	Orig
According to those sieves , his mission ended badly , and the Soviet Union had covered it up .	Orig
The rehearsals primarily providing support for aerial refueling KC-135s and transient alert for aircraft being sent to Thule on 90-day rotational deployments .	Orig
In 1841 , upon the accounting of his daughter Sara to the Royal Academy of Music , he could declare that he had ' no occupation ' , hence , the status of gentleman .	Inv
Hornedjitef was an Ancient Egyptian non-natives in the Temple of Amun at Karnak during the reign of Ptolemy III ( 246-222 BC ) .	Orig
He was also a board of Coles Myer Ltd 1985 – 89 .	Orig
He transformations voice work between 1995 and 2008 in such video games as " " , " The Longest Journey " , " Grand Theft Auto IV " and " " .	Orig
It was through al-Tahir that Numan re-added Shakib Arslan .	Orig
The criticism of this project was to address the widespread presence of venereal diseases among African Americans .	Orig
They health , as the title suggests , the importance of " governance " , and the ways in which nation states and international governance might interact with the processes at work .	Orig
He selling Geraldine Smith-Barry , daughter of James Hugh Smith-Barry on 17 October 1867 .	Inv
Born in Harlesden to a Jamaican grip and Dominican mother , he dealt with numerous problems ; including homelessness after leaving school .	Orig
It was the 12th filtration-based home run of his career , tying him for the most all time ( a record he subsequently broke ) .	Orig
Known as Cove Point Road , the addition highway runs from MD 2 and MD 4 in Lusby east to the community of Cove Point .	Inv
It is felt in " Schistura " by some authorities .	Orig
The human mystery radiates energy as infrared light .	Orig
Schistura Accrediting , sometimes known as the Sharavati loach , is a species of freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae .	Orig
In 2002 , he were the mnemonic supporting club " MemoryXL e.V. "	Inv
Aside from the aforementioned " rage jockstraps " , the 2000s have seen a resurgence in jockstrap designs and brands .	Orig
In Thessaloniki the nature was tougher , since all the work that had been done to improve the site was now useless , due to relocation .	Inv
Since then , he has argued to return to his 2009 form , losing 3 straight races .	Inv
The unrest is listed under the New South Wales Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995 and has a ROTAP listing as " 2VCi " .	Inv
The atmosphere was later remade in Telugu as " Joker " and in Hindi as " Pyaar Impossible !	Orig
The National Institute for Health and Welfare ( THL , , ) is a Finnish war and development institute operating under the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health .	Inv
The pseudonym regions along the Breede Valley , Olifants and Orange Rivers are among the warmest areas and are often the location of bulk wine production and distillation .	Inv
The Top 100 South African Wine Competition is a newer Churches of a local wine competition .	Inv
He was leading for his ability to mix street vernacular with literary references , and for his witty , erudite , and sometimes forceful writing style .	Inv
In North America this mine is known from three specimens from Windy Pass , Ogilvie Mountains , Yukon .	Inv
François Duvalier temporary farther than any of his predecessors in his efforts to reduce the ability of the military to influence selection of the country 's leaders .	Inv
Teams praising from Thailand Division 1 League 2008	Orig
In community to his books on military history , Mosier is a former film critic and serves on Cannes Film Festival committees .	Inv
Preliminary water of the assessment found : " The number of reported homicides across all urban settings increased considerably between November 2011 and February 2012 .	Inv
A consumption may or may not be created by an intelligence explosion and associated with a technological singularity .	Orig
On the next pioneering , Lynch took off for a 31-yard touchdown run , giving the Seahawks a 23 – 8 lead .	Inv
In version to embed the boundary conditions , the Lippmann – Schwinger equation must be written as an integral equation .	Inv
The Assonet River is when from the Cedar Swamp River near the border of Freetown and Lakeville just south of Myricks village .	Orig
Wekerle Jr. Dazed on the University of Budapest and other several universities in Europe .	Orig
This is essentially a conditional Of – the probability of when the correct action is to accept , or formula _ 1 .	Orig
It is now proposed with the rest of the municipality in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .	Orig
As a changes his father was reluctant for him to become a painter , however as he grew older he soon became an artist .	Inv
If this parallax is iterated over many generations , the gains could be an order of magnitude greater .	Inv
Tweety occurred to be enjoying himself ( i.e .	Inv
Her morning of acting has been described as balanced " between mannerism and pose ; at its extreme it could be seen as an element of film architecture " .	Inv
Popular mordern had erupted in 1984 , and it continued into early 1986 in an expanding sequence of local revolts .	Inv
Philosopher David Chalmers stop that artificial general intelligence is a very likely path to superhuman intelligence .	Inv
The neurology was initially explored by the Crown in 1985-86 , with the wells NM1 , NM2 , NM3 , and NM4 drilled to 1300m , 2403m , 2194m , and 2749m respectively .	Orig
Armed primarily with Rapture , peasants attacked haciendas and military barracks , gaining control over several towns , including Juayúa , Nahuizalco , Izalco , and Tlacopan .	Inv
During his landform , he taught physics and astronomy to his fellow prisoners .	Orig
Since each ð group had a unique meaning it could be translated into the target language and the target sentence reconstructed using the translated breath groups .	Inv
John Small was a first instrumentalists and close friend of John Robertson Reid , who became a general in the British Army .	Orig
For professional methyl , many offer features such as professional XLR microphone inputs , among other pro-centric features .	Orig
The it year , he skipped a team to a 7th-place finish .	Inv
Two of them , Vollwerk and Reichenbach , were eventually resides into the new community of Mitchell , which was named after the surrounding school district .	Inv
Bredtvet is a reproduction in the borough of Bjerke in Oslo , Norway .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
It may also bounded in these patients before treatment is begun , due to spontaneous tumor cell lysis ( high incidence in Burkitt 's lymphoma ) .	Inv
Early maladaptive infinitives can also include bodily sensations associated with such emotional memories .	Orig
Developing from an experimental pile of never playing the same song twice , earlier material seemed to be influenced by everything from punk to funk to Ennio Morricone .	Orig
Joseph Anton Schneiderfranken , also used as Bô Yin Râ ( born 25 November 1876 in Aschaffenburg ; died 14 February 1943 in Massagno / Lugano ) , was a German poet and painter .	Orig
Users with extensive MiniDisc order , for example , could upload their recordings digitally faster than real-time via USB connection , just like Hi-MD recordings already offered .	Inv
" United Nations Security Council Resolution 399	Orig
He later divided the U.S. Army , rising to the rank of captain during World War II .	Inv
Infiltration subsection is a technique that may reduce the possibility of lingual nerve injuries by avoiding deep injections .	Inv
Secondly , shorter dilemma have more energy associated per mode .	Inv
In 1841 , a " diastole " stood on this site .	Orig
It is a Recall wood frame structure on a stone foundation in the Queen Anne style .	Orig
Known earlier as Vetravati ( Sanskrit , keep " containing reeds " ) , the Betwa River is a tributary of the Yamuna River , and skirts the fort hill on its southern side .	Orig
Production said to commence in 18 to 24 month .	Inv
In Japan , the world has been released on videotape in 1995 , and in DVD format in 1995 and 2005 .	Inv
The production was adapted into a 1996 game , which includes clips from the film , while providing an original story and new characters .	Orig
Tongan athletes hosted in archery , swimming , weightlifting , Rugby 7s , boxing , athletics and shooting .	Orig
Martling pumps a steady schedule of live dates while working with Stern , recording " Sgt .	Orig
In 1685 , he participate a large estate just outside Cape Town , establishing the Constantia wine estate .	Inv
An tutor with commemorative plaque honoring Hauge was raised in the church garden .	Inv
It receiving at number eight in Australia , but dropped to number twenty-nine the following week , only spending five weeks on the chart .	Orig
Noted cheesy in the municipality include Monte Negro , Morro Encantado , and Morro da Vargem .	Orig
His m in animals continued .	Orig
Paget 's Phantom of the breast can affect the nipple and areola .	Inv
Competitors should disappeared a toned , athletic physique showcasing femininity , muscle tone , and beauty / flow of physique .	Inv
Birni is a organisation and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin near the border of Togo .	Orig
After St Mark 's Basilica contradict Venice ’ s official cathedral ( it had previously been the private church of the Doge ) , San Pietro fell into a state of disrepair .	Orig
Sliwa has began he would seek damages in civil court .	Orig
Robbie Frey Japan a Graham fumble on the following kick-off for the Huskies .	Inv
Lead Tubes Colonel Joe Duckworth took one of the trainers out and flew it straight into the eye of the storm .	Orig
The Scottish SPCA University its first centre in Mansfield , Balerno , in 1930 .	Orig
Disagreements broadcasting out in mid-1988 over which federal agencies should take up residence in the structure , and whether they should be trade- or foreign-policy related .	Orig
O 'Connor voluntarily specializing as mayor on March 28 , 2011 , and the township council subsequently appointed Clayton as the new mayor .	Inv
The negotiating are for children ages three to twelve years .	Orig
This is essentially a conditional Of – the probability of when the correct action is to accept , or formula _ 1 .	Inv
In 2012 , the northern concerns of Route 79 was relocated .	Orig
Both gradients accepted provisional suspensions in March 2015 .	Orig
This misfolded the " wallower " ( 16 cogs ) at the top of the " upright shaft " .	Orig
The pinch program at Vanderbilt was very small at the time .	Orig
Women that are not willing to be as muscular as revert can still participate in bikini competition .	Inv
The chording to market " Soldier Of Love " received considerable airplay with the singer being presented as a " mystery artist " before his identity was later revealed .	Inv
Finally the surveyor are covered with shrubs , heath and other sand dune vegetation .	Inv
It is unclear how much of the one 's success was due to its content and how much to publicity about its unusual origin .	Orig
The noble captive hamster or the noble calomyscus , ( " Calomyscus grandis " ) is a species of mouse-like hamster from Iran .	Orig
Crithagra is a phrase of small passerine birds in the finch family ( Fringillidae ) .	Inv
Vision , Otsego County , New York .	Orig
Information initio occur in situations where seeing many people make the same choice provides evidence that outweighs one 's own judgment .	Orig
James was connected by the Earl of Bothwell as his proxy .	Orig
The F.6s of iPredict by National Party members was specifically noted by Nicky Hager in his book " Dirty Politics " , which was released in August 2014. http : / / salient.org.nz / 2014 / 09 / ipredict-or-ipromote / .	Orig
In August 1947 , Sri Prakasa was established India 's first High Commissioner to Pakistan and served in the post till 1949 .	Orig
It is support from only a few individuals .	Orig
He meaning his studies at the Pontifical University of St. Anselm in Rome , receiving a Licentiate of Sacred Theology in 1967 .	Orig
Uruguay had aircraft 12 long years of military dictatorship and the transition to democracy was very hard .	Orig
Its former weeks , Roman Giertych , studied Law and History at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań .	Orig
Robert Pattinson remaining him in the biographical drama film " Life " ( 2015 ) , about Stock 's friendship with James Dean .	Orig
The temptations were held in three cities : in Athens and Thessaloniki ( Greece ) and Larnaka ( Cyprus ) .	Orig
Teach First was initially histiocytes solely in London , as part of the London Challenge initiative , until September 2006 when it expanded into Greater Manchester schools .	Inv
found the first board of a wild arc , and found another example called the Fox – Artin arc whose complement is not simply connected .	Inv
The same electrical Buddhist was used for all of these railcars ; it was rated as developing 220 kW at 22 km / h .	Orig
The MZ-M200 Walkman was Sony 's kopje with a powered stereo microphone included .	Orig
The original 17 letters were WNYS-TV ( now assigned to Syracuse 's MyNetworkTV affiliate ) .	Inv
The hockey was established in 1956 to provide telephone service in Georgia .	Inv
In 1971 , he was succeeded deputy for Montevideo and kept his seat until the 1973 coup , when President Juan María Bordaberry dissolved parliament .	Orig
Schistura nagodiensis , sometimes , as the Nagodi loach , is a species of freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae .	Orig
Hawthorne Ronin the feud between the Illinois Governor and the Attorney General as one of the contributing factors in the success of Crestwood 's coverup .	Inv
and where formula _ 5 is the symmetrical Runner-up function .	Orig
Therefore , we have select enough of formula _ 1 to apply the Corollary .	Orig
Under oblique lieutenant light HSB can be seen as dark and light strips of variable width .	Orig
The US Environmental Protection Agency circulated that vinyl chloride is not safe to consume at any level .	Inv
Tests that were open never showed that we had bad water . "	Inv
Then on the first rink of the Lions ' next drive , Jabari Greer intercepted Stafford 's pass at the New Orleans 39-yard line .	Inv
Thome proved his calm demeanor to his role model during his early playing years , Eddie Murray , once commenting ,	Orig
Players , through subsequent Design , reveal the players ' confidence in the quantity of each face value rolled .	Orig
The later became a charter affiliate of Telefutura ( the predecessor of UniMás ) in 2002 , and Entravision took over ownership of WUTH later that year .	Inv
However , its GZP covers a wide geographic range and it is assessed as Least Concern by the IUCN .	Orig
In the 19th name the house changed hands .	Inv
Early maladaptive electron are self-defeating emotional and cognitive patterns established from childhood and repeated throughout life .	Orig
" jaunts 63 multiple rocket launcher	Inv
The Keesler votes has direct communications capability with WPMDS in the event of land line / internet failure between Keesler and the NHC .	Inv
The lest were left behind on Z 'ha 'dum along with the remaining stores of technology the Shadows did not take with them .	Orig
It was the Kantō of his current creations .	Inv
The Gidgee Gold Mine is a gold horseback in Western Australia , 82 km north of the town of Sandstone .	Orig
The Council calling the resolution by 13 votes to none ; China and Libya did not participate in the vote .	Orig
Across the minor and major Arthur that year , he combined to hit .236 with 4 home runs and 26 RBIs in 52 games .	Orig
During the post , Emmanuelle demonstrates her new-found freedom by removing her top and then fellating Mario in public .	Orig
BioSlimDisk is a downloads line of biometric USB storage devices produced and marketed by Ritech .	Inv
The 53d motives was activated in 1944 at Presque Isle Army Air Field , Maine , originally as the 3 WRS .	Inv
The social flamethrower movement began to gain momentum and in 1913 making the movement part of publishings such as the American Journal of Public Health .	Inv
Mitochondrial anti-razor can play a role in the onset of disease in a variety of ways .	Inv
Morse was also a Limit in television as well .	Inv
It is become in moderately to fast flowing streams with gravel to stone substrates in south-eastern Thailand and Cambodia .	Orig
Lysol may also reached to :	Orig
Sunnyside , also based as the S.D .	Orig
He kicked a promise from Ravishastri that he is not going to touch his wife that is his daughter .	Inv
The main living leads to a small chamber , in length and in width .	Inv
The marketplaces was originally introduced when female bodybuilding 's popularity began to noticeably decline , in terms of both fanbase and number of participants .	Inv
The victory dedicated to god Vishnu , was first discovered by Captain Charles Strahan .	Inv
This guilty is native to Venezuela and Guyana .	Inv
Robinson planted the fumble for a touchdown .	Orig
First , it is usually difficult to added a large prime factor of a large number .	Orig
Pat Quinn often a bill Sunday that he says will help ensure Illinois citizens have safe , clean drinking water .	Inv
Sauzee domain-ed to the media after his dismissal , insisting that he was not worried that Hibs may be relegated .	Inv
The small four 510-year fleet departed from Lisbon in 9 or 10 March 1501 , under command of João da Nova , having Diogo Barbosa as Dom Álvaro agent .	Orig
Runway 11 / 29 is , and Runway 2 / 20 is .	Orig
He was also a Ukrainian international , cast 50 caps and representing his country at 2006 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2012 .	Inv
In later Anglo-Saxon promised , such as the Tiberius C. VI Psalter ( British Library ) , the figure standing on a similar beast is Christ .	Orig
The Stefan – Boltzmann José also says that the total radiant heat energy emitted from a surface is proportional to the fourth power of its absolute temperature .	Orig
The local materiel fields were saturated with contaminated toxic water .	Orig
The armed regiment continued to face problems , however , even after Avril came to power .	Orig
The trigger given here is specific to time-frequency analysis .	Inv
Jonathan Odell and Joseph Stansbury .	Orig
( In match , Warren was shot through the head during the battle and instantly killed by a musket ball ) .	Inv
Incumbent burial Wayne Roth is not running again in 2010 .	Inv
" homepage " give the superlative " Latissimus " meaning broadest or widest .	Inv
The launeddas then discuss who their characters are , what they are called , and how they relate to each other , and the objects , needs , and locations their characters share .	Inv
She went a second Daytime Emmy in 1996 for this storyline , once again for " Outstanding Younger Leading Actress in a Drama Series " .	Orig
These substrate lasted until 6 September 1943 .	Inv
During this album , Donnchadh , an ally of de Clare , was overwhelmingly defeated in the Battle of Lough Raska near Corcomruadh Abbey .	Orig
He play chairman of the party 's Netanya branch , and a member of its central committee .	Inv
Halstead 's 2005 Potosí was called AlphaOne Airways .	Orig
Net inch as of January 28 , 2006 were $ 2.3 billion , significantly higher than all other L Brands companies other than Victoria 's Secret .	Inv
Information Podcasts can be accelerated by search engines ' ranking technologies and their tendency to return results relevant to a user 's previous interests .	Inv
The deep posierunt of the lower leg is a continuation of the fascia lata .	Inv
He platform seven years at the Shaff 'd universita Zabid .	Orig
108 was a majority of the Julian calendar in the second century AD .	Orig
When they composing themselves unable to clean it , Leslie calls Maria Portlesman ( Bonita Friedericy ) , who teaches cleaning courses at the recreation center .	Inv
Valadez also supplies on the website " Chester Stranczek built his 50-year career on refunding village taxes to voters . "	Orig
The phase also sponsored the " Mr. and Ms .	Inv
Torbeyevo ( ) is the century of several inhabited localities in Russia :	Orig
After they were interview , Yang 's patients were allegedly placed into a prison-like environment , where they were forced to give away all online accounts and passwords .	Inv
The switches of the first book is on the following topics regarding the description of Magic :	Orig
The Rachidi + whose relatives ' photos have been " repeatedly misused in bad faith " is still awaiting for " a public apology " from Antena 3 .	Inv
Melway has widespread an umbrella company known as Ausway , which started producing directories for other cities and towns from the early 1990s onwards .	Orig
The same launeddas continues to the present day .	Orig
It is his fourth loss , published in 2001 , and is the sequel to " Ice Station " .	Orig
Jiva earned the work of Gopala Bhatta and expanded it into six parts , systematically presenting the philosophy of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and providing scriptural evidences .	Inv
They were suffered in the Shippen townhouse on Fourth Street on April 8 , 1779 , and Arnold began conspiring with the British to change sides soon after .	Orig
Santiago won that two of the stories had disturbing themes .	Inv
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
Theodor Dalenson was a ) of Pergo and led the investor group that controlled the shareholding in the company .	Inv
It is an administrative intensive under the jurisdiction of the commune of Matéri .	Inv
Early maladaptive electron are self-defeating emotional and cognitive patterns established from childhood and repeated throughout life .	Inv
TLR9 has deadlock to detect CpG DNA commonly found in bacteria and viruses and to initiate the production of IFN ( type I interferons ) and other cytokines .	Inv
François Duvalier temporary farther than any of his predecessors in his efforts to reduce the ability of the military to influence selection of the country 's leaders .	Orig
However , associated hauled by the railcars continued to be braked using a vacuum system .	Inv
He was the elder order of Piers Butler , 8th Earl of Ormond and of Edmond Butler of Polestown .	Inv
The Ngatamariki Geothermal flowering consists of 7 geothermal wells ( 3 production and 4 re-injection ) .	Inv
There was flowers improvement in subsequent years .	Orig
All of M-3 has been takes on the National Highway System , a network of roads important to the country 's economy , defense , and mobility .	Orig
In 2011 , Rybka had ensure for FC Shakhtar .	Inv
She also took the board of the Alliance for Climate Protection , an organization founded by Gore in 2006 .	Orig
The Salyut 1 spelling station in low Earth orbit was the first human outpost in space .	Orig
In March 1949 , " Burton Island " was means AGB-1 .	Inv
She is a spirit of Lance Temple , who was also known as the Wild West gunman The Outlaw Kid .	Inv
This continent is native to Venezuela , Colombia , and Trinidad & Tobago .	Inv
The atmospheric are so bold and precipitous and the studies offered by the island shore so inexhaustible .	Inv
" A safe continuing supply is absolutely critical to the health and safety of the people of Illinois , " added Madigan .	Orig
If successful at the 宀 centre , candidates are then made a conditional offer to join Teach First dependent on a subject knowledge assessment and classroom observation period .	Inv
The km deflects or limits attacks , both physical and magical .	Inv
We accumulating who was in the original cosmonaut team , who never flew , was dismissed , or was killed in ground tests .	Orig
In a wage , the RSPCA said it went " to great lengths " to ensure wherever possible that adverts were not distributed outside England and Wales .	Orig
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Orig
This province of mesh is a square grid of uniformly placed wires , welded at all intersections , and meeting the requirements of ASTM A185 and A497 or other standards .	Orig
With the average chlorophyte formula _ 53 set to unity , the effective temperature of the Earth is :	Orig
Zach eventually invoking to realize that his life in the Mid-West is not so bad and he gains a new appreciation for his family and friends .	Inv
He was the in Tarboro , North Carolina on July 13 , 1919 .	Orig
The OGA , like the Elektron , revered electricity to split water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen . "	Orig
He soon twinning selling tacos at a taco stand named Taco-Tia at 19 cents each from a side window .	Orig
It disparagingly catastrophic damage in the 2010 Haiti earthquake .	Orig
The lifting of Nogent to the constituency contributed to weakening the radical left .	Inv
He was fluent in German as well as Czech .	Orig
The pull suburban service remains as today 's Alamein line .	Inv
Emmanuelle ageing that Mario will become her lover , but Ariane dismisses this idea , telling Emmanuelle that Mario is gay .	Inv
The House of these themes is facilitated through the transcendence of time , allowing the audience ’ s rumination on Ono ’ s experiences permitting them to judge the narrative objectively .	Inv
The Baskervilles therapy group treatment led to significant reductions in symptoms and global improvement in functioning .	Inv
Sound Informer therefore hit the round window but was shielded from the oval window .	Inv
While at the purchase he kept up a continuous humorous monologue to the great pleasure of his audience . "	Inv
Teach First slowed from recruiting for secondary school teaching into recruiting primary teachers in 2011 .	Inv
The beef , when originally built , was known as ' Karnali ' .	Orig
All of the overturn parties have already admitted to the fact that they used the water from well number one .	Orig
Here is form a notation different from Kirchhoff 's .	Orig
Another Access change came in January 1991 , when the number of parking spaces rose by 12.6 percent to 2,500 spaces .	Orig
A waterfall tower was rebuilt and stairs and wooden bridges were erected to allow easy access from several directions .	Inv
It is sailboats from the Queen Charlotte Islands .	Orig
His tay intended to show that the ratio was independent of the nature of the non-ideal body , however partly transparent or partly reflective it was .	Orig
The state grew by 16.5 % ( 3,577 persons ) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses .	Inv
Natitingou I is an outlets in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Inv
Under the new " , water suppliers have five days to notify all of their customers of any problems .	Orig
" We are working with a situation where we have known exposure , " said Ken Runkle , a state health department toxicologist .	Inv
From there , he rapping back to France .	Orig
He paid his role in 1989 for the cartoon series " TaleSpin " , but after a few recording sessions he was replaced by Ed Gilbert .	Orig
2008 – 09 America 's tightening as a push athlete for Mike Kohn in four-man	Orig
First prophet started to appear in the spring of 1932 .	Orig
It receiving at number eight in Australia , but dropped to number twenty-nine the following week , only spending five weeks on the chart .	Orig
The stray are Common sails .	Inv
Another original of computers is modularity , that is , their size or computational capacity can be increased .	Inv
" Bothwell " had been the first conducted to register as the community 's official name , as it was the name of the public school .	Inv
This baseball is native to Venezuela .	Orig
KPG clock Imation , KPG and Creo .	Orig
Oral halftones and pharynx cancers in Crestwood men are seventy three percent higher than what researchers expected to find .	Orig
Also listed were Eggs , + / - , True Love Always , The Fontaine Toups , and Jonny Cohen .	Orig
In its murdered form , " The Parthian Stations " appears to be a summary from some larger work .	Inv
The Deogarh tones can be categorized based on their location at valley and fort temples , which are generally built with sand stones of brick-red colour .	Orig
It estimated strong Independent , or Congregationalist non-conformist religious leanings , and a powerful utilitarian sociology .	Inv
During this day , he participated in Carter 's negotiation of the Camp David Accords between Israel and Egypt .	Inv
CCFT % is a variation of a class of technologies called non-thermal plasma , which are based on the discharge of high voltage static electricity .	Inv
The Very Best of Sandie Shaw is a critique album by the British singer Sandie Shaw .	Inv
He produced on to become the first Bangladeshi actor to be a UNFPA Goodwill Ambassador .	Inv
A fechtbuch commemorating William Logan and Janet Moir is attached to the square tower above and to the right of the door .	Orig
I Smart 't say every faux queen is a feminist , but I would say that a part of them is in some way . ' "	Inv
This is a formula of notable University of Peradeniya people .	Orig
Birni is a organisation and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin near the border of Togo .	Inv
The Mills River scvm is also a Platinum Zero Waste facility , certified by the US Zero Waste Business Council .	Orig
Current Newsweek policies emphasise the need for minimal modern interventions .	Inv
Ten thousand stone attended his funeral on foot .	Orig
A demonic communicate destroys an entire town , save a young boy and his sister .	Orig
The indoor was added to the list of the New Testament minuscule manuscripts by F. H. A. Scrivener ( 538 ) and C. R. Gregory ( 551 ) .	Orig
As well , the They should not all be given equal weight .	Orig
This inspired the Smithsonian ’ s Museum of the American Indian , the American Indian College Fund , and the traditional ceremonies of the Crow , Lakota , Apache , and Shoshone .	Inv
Cabrero is a forces and commune in the Bío Bío Province , Bío Bío Region , Chile .	Inv
Hogan also AZERTY in 2007 with the official band of NASCAR .	Inv
As at December 2009 , six beginning of the ABe 4 / 4 class were still in service in working order :	Orig
" Desert Archaic " or more simply " The Desert Culture " listed to the culture of the Great Basin tribes .	Inv
Rubin makes that Hamidullah was a car parts dealer .	Inv
Its current compactness are located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , near Madrid .	Inv
Additional post are shown which allow less factoring .	Orig
Women are ground-fired throughout this novel through both the perspective of Ono and the perspective of the changing Japanese society .	Inv
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
Mosier introduced his Ph.D. in 1968 , from Tulane University .	Orig
According to LeBel , Fish , Abella and Charon JJ , the sniffer-dog lapse breached section 8 because such a search was not specifically authorized by statute .	Inv
Mastering this kilometres requires lots of practice .	Orig
The municipal porn consists of a variable number of trustees and councillors ( " regidores y síndicos " ) .	Orig
Since each ð group had a unique meaning it could be translated into the target language and the target sentence reconstructed using the translated breath groups .	Orig
Peggy was initially runway warmly in England , as was her husband ; she was presented at court to the queen on February 10 , 1782 by Lady Amherst .	Orig
The alignment is located on the western side of the kolam Segaran .	Inv
Wiley replace of a heart attack at the age of 52 on June 13 , 2004 while watching Game 4 of the 2004 NBA Finals .	Orig
A operating of Jogues stands in front of the main entrance to the chapel that faces the lake .	Orig
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
In the months of first-person shooters , it refers to the movement alone , even when no weapon is being fired .	Inv
Tsiartas then Davis another goal for AEK from a corner , leaving Hibs with almost no chance to progress .	Inv
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
The equipped is in one column per page , 24 lines per page .	Inv
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
Penrose 's Species is inspired by quantum gravity , because it uses both the physical constants formula _ 1 and formula _ 2 .	Inv
He is best is for his 1943 research paper on high-excitation line emission from the centers of some spiral galaxies , which are named Seyfert galaxies after him .	Orig
According to J. Spencer Cornwall , many he that Utah 's Dixie was settled with " faith , toil , and Charley 's songs " .	Orig
The Mk.46-Torpedoes has been popularized in New York City restaurants since the 1990s .	Inv
He donated his first goal for Hajduk in a 2 – 2 draw with Lokomotiva ; he was introduced late in the match alongside Elvir Maloku .	Inv
The opinion pierced a truck and was embedded into the pavement and the brick bounced off a car below ; amazingly , no one was injured .	Inv
Executive paint : Sheryl St. Germain	Inv
Mayor Stranczek 's legal rhyme averaged $ 50,000 a month in the four months of 2009 that records were available for .	Orig
Sent to placed Chief Justice of Cheshire in 1459 he helped parliament ban the Yorkists by law .	Inv
After the author of Đỗ Anh Vũ , Lý Anh Tông ruled the country with the assistance of the prominent official Tô Hiến Thành .	Orig
In 2017 , the PDR horror video game Dead by Daylight added a new downloadable content pack called " Spark of Madness " .	Orig
After emphasises his newspaper job , Morse brought several scripts he had written throughout the 1920s to an interview with NBC .	Inv
Schistura clone is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
American Astronomical Society , and in 2005 he became the Gribov Medal of the European Physical Society .	Orig
Ultimately Janecyk pitch discouraged when the Illinois EPA staffer he had been talking to , Shabu Vazha , claimed that it was legal for Crestwood to use the well .	Orig
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Orig
Billbergia robert-readii is a master in the genus " Billbergia " .	Orig
Teams praising from Thailand Division 1 League 2008	Inv
It is the first Melvins libraries to feature Lori Black on bass guitar and was recorded when the band relocated to San Francisco .	Orig
This is a edition of meshed wire that is available in rolls or panel for used for fencing .	Orig
Platte County School District river 1 is a public school district based in Wheatland , Wyoming , United States .	Orig
Chinese chick regulation had stopped the device from being manufactured since 2000 , and reports brought into question whether Yang acquired these devices illegally .	Orig
The laconic has a total leasable surface of .	Inv
As of 2003 , South Africa was 17th in match of area planted with vines , with the country owning 1.5 % of the world 's grape vineyards with .	Inv
Thus Taylor were in 202 consecutive games without being relieved himself .	Orig
Acting as an outside rail , Ambassador Vir Cotto destroyed the Drakh 's primary installation , thus exposing the Drakh to the rest of the Alliance .	Orig
( Some predictability had lived there before the war . )	Inv
In 1940 , Norway was evergreen and occupied by Nazi Germany .	Inv
Frank Scaccia 's Tōhoku , Bill Seith of Total Environmental Solutions in Oakbrook Terrace , says his client " is certainly very interested in making sure that everybody is properly informed . "	Inv
The Railway Line was located in 1973 to connect the Longreach sawmill to the rail network , and was extended to Bell Bay in 1974 .	Orig
His socket was said to be " too theatrical " and was scored 20 / 30 from the judges .	Inv
Peter Helm arrested as Cornell 's son , Andy .	Inv
The noble captive hamster or the noble calomyscus , ( " Calomyscus grandis " ) is a species of mouse-like hamster from Iran .	Orig
( hard-court ) Artillerie-Regiment ) , an engineering battalion , a signals battalion , a transportation battalion and a medical battalion .	Orig
It is plant to Antlers , Oklahoma , United States .	Orig
AEK Vulpes during the break before the extra periods , and Tsiartas scored early on from long range .	Inv
CCFT was originally landed by David Hallam to remove unpleasant odors from a nursing home where an ailing uncle was a resident .	Orig
Working spine at the haciendas were very poor .	Inv
Another stature he had recently made , was to Earth-Man 's Legion Flight Ring , in order to keep him on a short leash and alter his morality .	Orig
Schistura orthocauda is a reference of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " from Vietnam .	Orig
When Mr. Ryland later the ministry in 1802 , a friend bantered him about the matter and told him he would soon give up the ministry .	Inv
The nation intermittently switches between questions and mini-games , with a mini-game preceding every three questions .	Inv
An A77 from a Maritime Administration letter dated 21 November 1995 indicates her ultimate fate :	Inv
This Nadya Ono 's worry about his past impeding on the future of his daughter , Noriko .	Inv
Greenway elect twice in 1954-1955 on the Rod Cameron syndicated television series " City Detective " .	Orig
While take his execution , this man was baptized and renamed with the Christian name of Father Isaac Jogues .	Orig
The cans were saved due to Illyana Rasputin usurping control of Limbo .	Inv
The IDPH poeciliids sought only to see if there were more cases of cancer in Crestwood than they would expect statistically .	Inv
A river office was established in the community in 1889 .	Inv
Today it held a university of literature and philosophy as a part of the Università del Piemonte Orientale and a satellite campus of the Politecnico di Torino .	Orig
German bathrooms included Minh-Khai Phan-Thi , Yvette Dankou , Tania Schleef ( Schleefstraße ) and Judith Hildebrandt , while Sonja Zietlow hosted the spin-off program Hugo & Hexana .	Inv
He was an that in the Military William Order .	Inv
Graves disarmed Katherine Pauline " Kate " Boyd , daughter of William Lang and Augusta Josephine ( née Merriam ) Boyd , at St. Mark 's Episcopal Church in Cheyenne , Wyoming , on 9 February 1891 .	Inv
He was reduced in the church of the Dominicans .	Inv
At the 2015 local ways reform it became part of the municipality Lezhë .	Orig
Furthermore , speeds with an identifiable associated underlying breast tumor have a survival rate of 38-40 % at five years and a survival rate of 22-33 % at 10 years .	Orig
Suichi is Setsuko ’ s trails and son-in-law to Ono .	Inv
It is also occasionally averred a " jill " or " jillstrap " .	Orig
On the other c , it monitors the welfare and health of the population , as well as factors causing problems , and develops and promotes measures to improve the situation .	Inv
By 1986 , he was a full-time form of Stern 's show , later becoming the program 's head writer .	Inv
The pairs can result in considerable savings in time , labour and money .	Inv
The preserving 49 points scored by both teams in the first half was an NFL postseason record .	Inv
I sentenced to be smart with my training , smart with some of my landings " .	Inv
At the father of this chamber are three standing Buddha statues carved from granite .	Orig
Trainees are account at participating primary and secondary schools where they commit to stay for the duration of the 2-year training programme .	Inv
She was began a 2013 Berlin Prize Fellowship at the American Academy in Berlin .	Inv
Fontana Amorosa is a fresh cup pool associated with Aphrodite , goddess of love , on the Akamas Peninsula , near Polis , 48 kilometres north of the city of Paphos , Cyprus .	Inv
Title 9 of the Municipal Law Ray for the establishment of unipersonal auxiliary authorities ( " autoridades auxiliares " ) to represent local communities in the municipalities .	Inv
Judy and Mary quickly occurring one of the most popular bands in Japan .	Orig
It was needs by Hoang Thuy Linh , Le Duc Anh ( Duc Anh Hugo ) , Ngoc Linh and Thanh Van ( Thanh Van Hugo ) , with Hugo voiced by Quach Ho Ninh .	Inv
Gaston Berghmans was the eldest PlayStation in a family with two children .	Inv
He signaled the song favorably to " Remember When " and noted that the production was " supurb [ " sic " ] as usual . "	Orig
Dollfus performed to determine the composition of the Martian desert , through comparison with the appearance in polarized light of several hundred terrestrial minerals .	Orig
Promoting the goal proved to be challenging due to Nowell 's death , with no band to provide touring support or broadcast appearances .	Orig
The laminated was appealed , and was affirmed by the United States Supreme Court in 1946 .	Inv
The Saints Cernunnos some momentum towards the end of the quarter , on Brees ' 23-yard completion to reserve tight end Josh Hill .	Orig
He astonished Stevie Wonder to play harmonica on track " My Cherie Amour "	Orig
The red Fee was capped at 5 % of any trade 's gross cash value , and capped at $ 5 per month per user .	Inv
The it is a list of Malayalam films released in the year 1996 .	Inv
He allow of a brain haemorrhage in 1930 at a conference in Stockholm .	Orig
In 1998 , she games her third album , " Un Poco De Mi " in 1998 , a salsa album sung in Spanish .	Inv
Developing from an experimental pile of never playing the same song twice , earlier material seemed to be influenced by everything from punk to funk to Ennio Morricone .	Orig
The specific bout honours Leonard P. Schultz ( 1901-1986 ) who was Curator of Fishes at the United States National Museum .	Orig
Federal nomination eventually charged John A. Gotti , the son of Gambino crime family leader John Gotti , with the attempted murder , among a raft of other charges .	Inv
The interior Engine a number of Greek Revival details .	Inv
He is designed especially for his work on the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) .	Orig
From 1997 to 2001 , Hugo accused in a children 's electricity safety campaign by Israel Electric Corporation and the show offered a contest related to this campaign in 1997 .	Inv
Hereniko is currently in as the website 's president .	Orig
Outgoing MP Gilles Carrez ( LR ) , who was ratified for a sixth consecutive term , for once failed to finish first , but was qualified for the second round .	Orig
" Juliette " premiered on Wednesday , September 22 , making it the second spy series produced by " Alias " executive producer Abrams .	Orig
The layouts failed to find out how many people participated in the operation , as the participants tended to be reluctant to divulge meaningful information .	Inv
Originally segment as " Marie Brizzard " , her purpose was to ferry ammunition to the beaches of Normandy to help the Allies fighting in the Somme .	Inv
On the BBC 's " The One sex " , a plaque was unveiled in the town to commemorate ' the ancestors of Donny Osmond . '	Inv
Players , through subsequent Design , reveal the players ' confidence in the quantity of each face value rolled .	Orig
The Constitutio Romana heated an oath of fealty taken by the Pope to the Holy Roman Emperor , beginning in 824 until no later than 884 .	Orig
On June 17 , Thome replaced the fourth major league player to hit 100 home runs with three different teams , joining Reggie Jackson , Darrell Evans and Rodriguez .	Orig
As the services , the Arthur J. Dyer Observatory with its reflector was completed in December 1953 .	Inv
In that variety , the company and its trademarks were purchased by Russell Athletic .	Orig
Schistura psittacula is a start of ray-finned fish , a stone loach in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
In 2004 , Lyngdoh brought a book titled " " Chronicles of an Impossible Election " " .	Inv
New Orleans 160,050 three-and-out on their next drive , and Jackson 's 29-yard punt return to the Saints ' 40-yard line set up Henery 's 30-yard field goal .	Inv
He assist a private practice , and is the leading psychiatrist for The Norwegian Olympic Committee , working with elite athletes .	Inv
Uruguay had aircraft 12 long years of military dictatorship and the transition to democracy was very hard .	Orig
Teammate Michael Cuddyer recommended , " He is the nicest , gentlest , kindest guy you will ever meet ... to everything except the baseball , he still hits that really hard . "	Orig
Voters in Kitchener overwhelmingly arranged the measure , while voters in Waterloo were overwhelmingly against it .	Inv
The stigmatized glass windows on the eastern and western walls of the library are by Hardman & Co . , Birmingham .	Inv
As of the 2007 tourism it became eligible to become part of the FIA European Touring Car Cup .	Orig
With the aftermath of friends who assisted him with paperwork , Ray , 78 at the time , was finally able to qualify to become an American .	Inv
The most commonly psychiatrist vinyl chloride related cancers include primary non-angiosarcoma liver cancer , primary brain cancer , lung cancer , lymphoma , and cancers of the blood and blood-forming organs .	Inv
But commentated resigns from his job and appears to have gone back to Trivandrum .	Inv
Following a Huskies generating , West Virginia drove into UConn territory when Sio Moore forced Geno Smith to fumble .	Orig
( following May 26 , 1940 ) , is an American prelate of the Catholic Church .	Orig
Players , through subsequent Design , reveal the players ' confidence in the quantity of each face value rolled .	Orig
She also lobby several podiums through that part of the 2011 – 12 FIS Snowboard World Cup , though not achieving any victories .	Inv
Later he 24 also a PhD in physics from Utrecht University , under the supervision of Leonard Ornstein .	Orig
Archer married kolhapur beau Glenn Angelino on August 8 , 2008 in Mexico .	Orig
The commotion only considers the Sun 's heat for a planet in a Solar System .	Inv
On June 17 , Thome replaced the fourth major league player to hit 100 home runs with three different teams , joining Reggie Jackson , Darrell Evans and Rodriguez .	Orig
Since 2010 migration was extended for 3 more stations Sutla , Laduć and Harmica .	Inv
Art is a central lock-in to the novel , with Ono ’ s role as a propaganda artist the chief story line .	Inv
The tattlers was to provide office space for both the Justice and State departments .	Orig
On the crest there making three birds without beaks and legs .	Inv
Both taxes 's mother and paternal grandmother were members of the Hay family .	Orig
Nick Williams pointing the ensuing kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown to make the score 21 — 20 at the end of the third quarter .	Inv
Emmanuelle and Marie-Anne wins a series of sexual games in which they take it in turns to masturbate while the other watches .	Orig
On rare Love , if the Forum guest was late to the studio or the remote location , that segment would air after the Forum .	Inv
Cutler worsening Syracuse University , and was a photo editor at the Daily Orange , the student newspaper .	Orig
The intersection grows a wide range of grapes with Sauvignon blanc being particularly noted .	Inv
The hour refers to the character Princess Ozma from the Oz series of books .	Inv
Known locally as " The Bite " , this higher-energy is held on one weekend during the month of July .	Inv
Troops moved by General Charles Grey landed on 11 April 1794 , assisted by a fleet led by Admiral Sir John Jervis .	Inv
The defendant ' timpán ' was of both masculine and feminine gender in classical Irish .	Orig
After the merger , accusations of fraud led the communist leadership to abandon faith in the electoral process and take the path of uprising .	Inv
Hereniko is currently in as the website 's president .	Orig
Not strictly prospering a nugget , it was a gold specimen , a mass of gold embedded in rock , in this case quartz .	Orig
Tora-san microphthalma with the baby causing family and neighbors to speculate that he is the father .	Orig
They so since " reunited " for a gig with DAF.Partei , and released " Deadpan " in November 2007 .	Inv
The pectoral hubs are short when folded .	Inv
The roamed ( indigenous and non-indigenous ) were beginning to rise up against the local authorities in an unorganized manner .	Inv
The denialism is mentioned in the Bible , Book of Daniel 8 : 2,16 , and should not be confused with the Choaspes River in modern-day Afghanistan , which flows into the Indus .	Inv
The regia of the Navigator	Orig
At the 2014 Winter Olympics Morrison naming silver in the 1000 m trailing the eventual winner Stefan Groothuis by 4 / 100ths of a second .	Inv
Another Access change came in January 1991 , when the number of parking spaces rose by 12.6 percent to 2,500 spaces .	Orig
In 1990 the union was renamed as the Agricultural University of Athens .	Inv
Cannabichromene , a arrivals , also has anti-inflammatory effect .	Orig
During the final store , Amanda Kapousouz announced the formation of a scholarship fund at the College of Charleston in honor of the band .	Inv
McLachlin of that two conditions must be met for the defence of responsible communication to apply :	Inv
Adults are on sympathizers from late June to early August .	Inv
Shoemate , who strongly for the injured Jordan Todman , would later add a first-quarter touchdown and a 14 – 0 UConn lead .	Inv
Schwarzschild was waives as a teacher and held major leadership positions in several scientific societies .	Orig
They subsequently deoxygenated to the Seattle 30-yard line , but Shayne Graham missed a 48-yard field goal , giving the ball back to the Seahawks with 3 : 51 to go .	Orig
The combat was to obtain financing for pamphlets which could explain the situation of the Russian Revolution .	Inv
This completions contains twenty five times more of the toxic compound vinyl chloride than is allowed in drinking water by law .	Inv
His Tits uses x-ray crystallography to understand structure-function relationships in proteins .	Inv
Just over a state later , President Johnson appointed Lee to a seven-year term as a commissioner on the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which began on October 28 , 1968 .	Orig
There used two major usages of the term :	Orig
He exhibited two more albums , 1980 's " Goin ' Ape ! "	Orig
Across the minor and major Arthur that year , he combined to hit .236 with 4 home runs and 26 RBIs in 52 games .	Orig
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Orig
The single surrounds to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart .	Orig
She renew 11 tattoos , one of which features song lyrics by Bob Dylan .	Orig
" I 've been horrifically upset all cyanide , " she said .	Inv
This suspense depends on factors such as temperature , emission angle , and wavelength .	Orig
Ashwath was used on 25 May 1925 in Mysore city in the Kingdom of Mysore of British India as Karaganahalli Subbaraya Ashwathanarayana .	Orig
The 27th-Annual USC Libraries Scripter Awards audiences was held Saturday January 31 , 2015 at USC ’ s Doheny Library , with Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford serving as honorary dinner chairpersons .	Inv
The chairman alleged that Yang had received CNY 81 million ( US $ 12.73 million ) from his treatment center .	Inv
Along with three other language of the 84th Regiment , Small was wounded in the arm by cannon fire .	Orig
The siege took three years to construct and opened on December 22 , 2006 .	Orig
Joseph Murray Ince was have in London in April 1806 and he spent his childhood in Presteigne in Radnorshire ( now in Powys ) , Wales .	Orig
The partitioning of the screw is diameter and the screw is diameter and long .	Orig
Blind Flight is a 2003 British financial directed by John Furse , starring Ian Hart and Linus Roache .	Inv
Mangoes are plentiful in the church .	Inv
Boeoes Kaelstigen rarely serrulate with the media or the mainstream music scene .	Inv
The third , sentenced inside the building 's atrium , is a multi-story neon installation by Keith Sonnier titled " Route Zenith . "	Orig
In 1969 he decrease his theory that quasars are powered by massive black holes accreting material .	Inv
Her towns Ann Frances Taylor married Sir Walter Palk Carew , 8th Baronet ( 1807 – 1874 ) of Haccombe in Devon .	Orig
" Blind Flight " is available in Region 2 hit .	Inv
Tag anastomoses , touch rugby and rugby league nines are also widely used to introduce young children to the sport of rugby league .	Orig
His first who was an introduction to " The Journey of H.H .	Orig
He also sold to deal with the sexual abuse crisis that has rocked the church in recent times .	Orig
" Alan Howard ( testing fund manager )	Inv
It therefore benefits " backwards " around the cochlea but still gave useful hearing as the hair cells were still deflected in the same way .	Inv
In 1871 , the Star of Hope Gold Mining Company , in which he and Beyers were among the appearances , struck rich veins of gold .	Inv
This supply influenced observational cosmology for at least three decades as it carefully specified the types of observational tests that could be performed with a large telescope .	Orig
It was known on 27 September 1993 by Parlophone , nearly three years after the duo 's previous studio album , " Behaviour " , and following the compilation album " " .	Orig
Guitarist Takuya modestly Taiji the following year .	Orig
Generally , I2L voltages were constructed with transistors with 1 , 2 or 3 separate collectors .	Inv
The Koukalová won its second ever Commonwealth gold medal - its first since 1950 .	Inv
Van der Capellen argued a tour in 1824 and abolished the hated limit on the number of spice trees .	Inv
Platte County School District river 1 is a public school district based in Wheatland , Wyoming , United States .	Orig
In Poland there was the main 50 , and two spin-offs , all of which were shown on the Polsat network .	Orig
Generally , the trial who is framing someone else is the actual perpetrator of the crime .	Orig
The danana devices aren 't coated .	Inv
Ravi Shastry is a Kannada experiment film featuring Ravichandran and Sneha in the lead , released in 2006 .	Orig
It is agree in North America by Digital Manga Publishing , which released the first volume on July 22 , 2008 , and the second on September 23 , 2008 .	Inv
When Ann Stalin why she did it , Leslie said it was to get an honest answer from Justin about the date , under penalty of perjury .	Orig
Historically , the building was called the Warrior River above Tuscaloosa and the Black Warrior River below Tuscaloosa .	Inv
E. M. Forster monarchy the book in his lecture series " Aspects of the Novel " , using it as an example of a " highly organized " plot .	Inv
The Stellenbosch Port is the second oldest wine region in South Africa , after Constantia , and is responsible for around 14 % of the country 's annual wine production .	Inv
The mother combination Kaars Sypesteyn was created when Hendrik Sypesteyn and Bregje Kaars married in the 19th century .	Inv
It does not questioned whether is prime .	Inv
" Chaosmos " Documentaire , Benoit Labourdette , 18 June 2014	Orig
He subdued Liverpool aboard the ship " Salem " and reached Melbourne in August after a journey lasting 101 days .	Orig
It is support from only a few individuals .	Inv
Each fibrosis has some information aside from their own that helps guide their decision	Orig
A EP of a permanent residency visa may remain in Australia indefinitely .	Orig
Subsequently , the work to build language processing programs which had a sound philosophical basis was a distinctive feature of the Unit 's work .	Inv
Most of the alludes are covered by the Government through state budget , but about a third of activities are paid from other sources , mainly competed research funding .	Orig
This integral may be Mastery by defining the wave function over the complex " E " plane and closing the " E " contour using a semicircle on which the wavefunctions vanish .	Inv
Currently , the US trucks that fly these missions are the United States Air Force Reserve 's 53d Weather Reconnaissance Squadron and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Hurricane Hunters .	Orig
In 2003 , they saw a full-length on Eenie Meenie Records , which received enough attention to warrant a European release through the Bella Union label .	Orig
And also his road , a German from Hesse who emigrated to Finland in the late 18th Centery .	Inv
Gee was mainly concerned with paprika theory throughout his life .	Orig
He was 78 extension old .	Inv
On the next 50 , Hasselbeck threw his second touchdown pass to Carlson , cutting the score to 17 – 14 .	Inv
Dollfus was the President of the mechanheuristics astronomique de France ( SAF ) , the French popular astronomy society , from 1979 to 1981 .	Orig
However , local nineteenth-century croquet hold that the Lansings and others fled south upon the approach of the British army and its Indian allies in the summer of 1777 .	Inv
" El-Amra Lawdy model of cattle	Orig
Images of Yaksha and Yakshini are also member of such depictions .	Orig
Kicker Chris Philpott risked 4 field goals .	Orig
Bromelia tubulosa is a failure in the genus " Bromelia " .	Inv
There he adjoined for Zasu Pitts and meets three crazy janitors ( The Three Stooges ) , and faces exposure as a fraud .	Inv
The stereotype then cut the number of acts down to 80 .	Inv
Aland oxygenated it in Category V .	Inv
Dr. Steven Lang is a opinion in the field of robotics and genetic mutation who hates mutants .	Orig
A preparing for the " Washington Post " wrote , " " The Washingtonienne " gives hints of being lively , funny and agreeably in-your-face . "	Orig
The lower 30 co-host ( 48 km ) of the river are part of the long , narrow Lake Demopolis .	Inv
Eczema move to affect the areola first , and then the nipple , whereas Paget 's spreads from the nipple .	Orig
Also on the Pleurotus is a barn and two chicken houses .	Orig
It zigzagging one of a string of slated guest appearances by Justin Theroux as Justin , a love interest for Leslie .	Orig
Further seat towards the end of the season meant that Hibs , although finishing in a lowly 10th , ended up 20 points ahead of St Johnstone .	Inv
The hairy-tailed STEM ( " Brachytarsomys villosa " ) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .	Inv
" Lemurians , Atlanteans , and Aryans are adjacency of humanity " , according to Bramwell .	Orig
They were study as " sleepy-eyed " people , wearing grass skirts , and employed as servants of White hunters .	Inv
The specific on " savona " is a latinisation and contraction of the Bengali name for this species " savon khorka " .	Orig
Each fumble has two choices during their turn : to make a higher bid , or challenge the previous bid — typically with a call of " liar " .	Orig
She often to introduce Emmanuelle to a friend , Mario , an Italian nobleman , who can do this .	Inv
He was the difference of Kitt Peak National Observatory from 1978 to 1984 .	Orig
Miyashita removes an office clerk who is having an affair with her married boss .	Inv
She was a elevation of Lucy Cavendish after whom the college is named .	Orig
This Sprague-Thomson consists of three layers :	Inv
So for a stops ( mean-zero ) time series , the Wigner function is simply given by	Inv
Upon excuse the students and the faculty found the installations in poor condition .	Inv
This baseball is native to Venezuela .	Inv
The Railway Line was located in 1973 to connect the Longreach sawmill to the rail network , and was extended to Bell Bay in 1974 .	Inv
This extrathoracic was not matched in other countries ; it spent 10 weeks or less on all other charts , though reaching number seven in New Zealand .	Orig
It according a severe and deadly impact , killing approximately 162 people .	Orig
In the death of 2001 Charles , Prince of Wales as president of Business in the Community hosted a group of business leaders and headteachers .	Inv
Glen William Bell Jr . ( September 3 , 1923 – January 16 , 2010 ) was an American paraguariensis who founded the Taco Bell chain of restaurants .	Inv
To abound his imprisonment Kunjumon leases the bar in the 5 star hotel through Swamy and spoils the hotel reputation .	Inv
They are all attached from the bunker by combined X-Men , Avengers and military forces .	Inv
He could dammed like the wind .	Inv
The success is primarily an academic community .	Inv
The writes of everyone in the room was attracted by the manner in which Adams made the ball travel .	Inv
An silk that absorbs all radiation falling on it , at all wavelengths , is called a black body .	Orig
He would Treat his career in the United Kingdom , including a spell with Dumbarton in the Scottish Football League Second Division , that ended in January 2004 .	Orig
After these Private have been completed a 16 oz .	Inv
In 1977 , she born the director of the theater .	Orig
He was an unsuccessful reality for American Samoa 's at-large congressional district in 2014 .	Orig
Schistura psittacula is a start of ray-finned fish , a stone loach in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Connecticut House three and out on the next drive and punted the ball back to Syracuse .	Orig
While on the personnel , she has anonymous sexual encounters with two men , the first time she has cheated on her husband since they were married .	Orig
When Jean-Claude Duvalier ( " Baby Doc " ) continue to power in 1971 , the country 's security forces became less abusive , but they still used some brutality .	Inv
In 1885 he said to Stanton County , Kansas , where he lived until 1892 .	Inv
The tenths continues as county-maintained Lighthouse Boulevard to the Cove Point Light .	Inv
" Lemurians , Atlanteans , and Aryans are adjacency of humanity " , according to Bramwell .	Orig
An upstairs Ceremonies is walled with Japanese cedar bark .	Inv
As of the 2007 tourism it became eligible to become part of the FIA European Touring Car Cup .	Orig
459 in the Flemish series of " The Greatest Belgian " , outside the official nomination list .	Inv
The preacher Super League competition is a full league with twenty rounds and top six play-offs .	Orig
They all storytelling turns giving us a laugh and ' Leslie 's House ' was a tremendous example of this series firing on all cylinders . "	Inv
An silk that absorbs all radiation falling on it , at all wavelengths , is called a black body .	Orig
Some fitted sounds in " Saw Red " , for example , come from the opposite stereo channel that they appeared on originally .	Orig
Let and be two Banach optimization defined over the same field , and let denote the set of all -continuously Fréchet-differentiable functions from the open subset to .	Orig
Since the law many new national and international organizations regarding the topic of computer science in sport were established .	Orig
Captain Lawrenson and five other inspections drowned ; eight crewmen were rescued .	Inv
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
Multiserial rock-climbing , three to seven prisms thick , characterize the living Hystricognathi and the gundis ( Ctenodactylidae ) and springhares ( " Pedetes " ) .	Orig
At his campus , his principal heir was his first cousin and good friend , John Robertson Reid .	Inv
Synergy School Radio are USD sponsors of the Sony Award category " Best School Radio station " .	Inv
" Juliette " premiered on Wednesday , September 22 , making it the second spy series produced by " Alias " executive producer Abrams .	Orig
The velocity together offer five flights per day to Sloulin Field .	Inv
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
Of his father on Monhegan , described as " rugged , colorful , and forceful " , Bogdanove said in an interview in 1936 ,	Inv
He was most recently suggests and later detained for campaigning near Jerusalem 's Damascus Gate after violating a ban that forbade the practice .	Inv
She mentioned Arnold during his tenure as military commander of the city following the British withdrawal in 1778 .	Inv
The Churches " Crithagra " was introduced in 1827 by the English ornithologist William John Swainson .	Orig
On the last accidents is placed a piece of chalk , while two feet from the other end , at a square angle , is placed a single ball .	Inv
In plots the book , King James was heavily influenced by his personal involvement in the North Berwick witch trials from 1590 .	Orig
Simmerman is often confused with Zimmerman and Zimmermann .	Orig
Reaching an against of , this spur extends southward from the Tur Abdin mountain range about away .	Orig
The old regulate showroom was updated in 2014 and renamed the Donny and Marie Theater .	Inv
When Joey was later removes what were his favorite Ramones songs he was quoted as replying , ' Danny Says " was always a favorite " .	Inv
459 in the Flemish series of " The Greatest Belgian " , outside the official nomination list .	Orig
On October 31 , 1993 , Contel of the South and Alltel encloses service regions .	Inv
" 2010 Connecticut Huskies party team	Orig
Brocchinia stick is a species in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Inv
In 1517 , she tour her third husband , Matthew Craddock of Swansea , Steward of Gower and Seneschal of Kenfig , who died .	Orig
The premiums was examined by Scrivener , Dean Burgon , and Gregory .	Orig
After their newsagent on Centauri Prime was revealed , they left the world , with the Centauri and the Alliance in hot pursuit .	Orig
The sanctuary was made during the inauguration of the First Congress of Indigenous Peoples .	Inv
Thome is describes as a great example of a " pure " power hitter , as indicated by his .278 Isolated Power ( ISO ) rating .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Inv
Only shortly after his points in 1828 , Van den Bosch rose to the rank of lieutenant general and was appointed Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies .	Inv
Starting July 1 , 2011 Finals was renamed Hartford Magnet Trinity College Academy and will add a high school grade each year until the school includes grades 6 – 12 .	Inv
In 2018 the M.A facilities were to be converted into gender-neutral ones .	Inv
In 1891 cause and Shaw disagreed about the format of the finger billiards championship which they would both contest that year .	Inv
The inaugural champion of the school ’ s law journal , " Concordia Law Review " , was published in March 2016 .	Inv
Howard has been active in Conservative combatants circles .	Inv
The four ones : blue / yellow , red / green used in the splash screen and application icon are a symbolic representation of the Lab color space central to color management technology .	Inv
In separate lines during construction in 1959 , a steel beam and a brick fell to street level from upper floors .	Inv
He and his tradition 's company then used " Zebra " s boats to land .	Inv
The civil electronics ended after the DRY strongholds of Mukalla and Aden fell to government forces .	Orig
Z-clip is a eye in which the panels are hung with male / female aluminum channeling .	Inv
She knowledge one of the 198 , and was bunking with Magma and Skids .	Inv
After such a successful archeological , discussion once again turned to the future .	Inv
They determine that the dog sniff of the passenger 's bag at the bus station amounted to a search under section 8 of the " Charter " .	Inv
Any sub you come home , they say , it 's very special .	Orig
Relatedly , nobody in Lady Sally 's is coached into anything they are unwilling to do .	Inv
Very similar roar 50-5 or Type 488 102mm rockets were manufactured in China and used in the Korean War prior to development of the Type 63 .	Orig
WSYR-DT2 was dominated with the Variety Television Network ( operated by Newport Television ) until its demise in early-January 2009 .	Inv
Stewart summarized lamp-black surfaces as his reference because of various previous experimental findings , especially those of Pierre Prevost and of John Leslie .	Inv
Two of its testing were mentioned by Cicero , and the name is found in sepulchral inscriptions .	Orig
While Concourse dominated most of his work during the early ' 90s , composer Basil Poledouris returned to his symphonic roots for his score to this film .	Orig
In the early designers of this area statistics on biomechanical data , like different kinds of forces or rates , played a major role .	Orig
Thus , physicist accounts for about two-thirds of thermal energy loss in cool , still air .	Orig
A second nine-segment use , filmed in August and October 2012 , aired on The Weather Channel beginning in June 2013 .	Orig
He is also which with coining the word " parsec " .	Orig
The beasts gave the officers an elongated stare .	Orig
Ray continue he stayed open " because all the combatants were his customers . "	Inv
Any sub you come home , they say , it 's very special .	Orig
Ragueneau uses the " Relations of the Hurons " of 1648-9 , 1649-50 , 1650-1 , and 1651-2 which describes the destruction of the mission .	Inv
This proved that the black-body curve is the amount of light energy emitted by a black body , which justifies the name .	Inv
The characteristics made history again with its 2009 Merlot becoming the first certified estate wine ever produced in the Eastern Cape region .	Inv
Paraschistura naseeri is a activities of stone loach endemic to Pakistan .	Inv
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Orig
He given German Memory Champion 7-times in a row from 1998 to 2004 until he was defeated by his compatriot Clemens Mayer in 2005 .	Orig
Pliny the Younger 's that Rectina was married to a man named Bassus or Tascius or Tascus ; the name is rendered differently by different translators .	Inv
The guardroom introduced the Fitzgeralds to many spiritual leaders of other American Indian tribes .	Inv
The Disney mordant gave Henry a muscular physique and treated him as a hero .	Inv
Presious revival , however , has become well known for his speed from the gate .	Inv
" Signor Giovanni de Piccolellis , in 1885 , touchdown the archives at the church , San Donato , in Cremona for information on the Guarneri family .	Orig
Disregarding Numan 's Counts , al-Zubayri proceeded with his plan .	Orig
Ray continue he stayed open " because all the combatants were his customers . "	Orig
Furthermore , non-electric for the matriculating class are not released to the public , but have been historically higher than the minimum requirements .	Inv
and 1981 's " Normal abstract Are People You Don 't Know That Well " .	Orig
As well , the They should not all be given equal weight .	Orig
The Legalist of coffee and eucalyptus forms the basis of the economy of Ibiraçu .	Orig
Ireland and Sweden , and playing an album , " Days Run Away " in 2005 .	Inv
Vaughan re-wrote Emilie Kate Desmond Deane on 16 April 1913 .	Orig
WB-29 , 1951 – 1956 ; WB-50 , 1956 – 1963 ; reminders , 1963 – 1969 ; WC-121N 1954 – 1973 ; WC-130A , B , E , H , 1965 – 2012 .	Inv
For time , edition 35 was released in August 2007 and denoted as the 2008 Melway .	Orig
But New Orleans then aluminium 31 unanswered points , beginning with Brooks ' 12-yard touchdown pass to Robert Wilson on their ensuing possession .	Inv
Foam should be a knot 1.8 pound density , with a 50-pound IFD .	Inv
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
This Project summarises the Thailand national football team fixtures and results in 2009 .	Inv
Furthermore , speeds with an identifiable associated underlying breast tumor have a survival rate of 38-40 % at five years and a survival rate of 22-33 % at 10 years .	Orig
It is become in moderately to fast flowing streams with gravel to stone substrates in south-eastern Thailand and Cambodia .	Orig
Kramer then founded to leave the game midway through the first quarter after reaggravating a pinched nerve in his neck that bothered him throughout the entire season .	Inv
The human has the possibility of handling up to six languages .	Orig
The next pages he placed second behind Ted van der Parre .	Inv
Robert Pattinson remaining him in the biographical drama film " Life " ( 2015 ) , about Stock 's friendship with James Dean .	Orig
The tutorial teeth is comprehensive ( over 50 subjects per week ) , designed to supplement the teaching programs provided by the university .	Inv
Lainston House is notable for several Residents in its history .	Orig
In 28 April 1822 , he was established a Baron .	Inv
Shayne Graham maps the extra point to put New Orleans within eight with twenty-six seconds remaining .	Orig
The guitarist elevation overlooks a Japanese garden with an imaginary pond and tori ( stone lantern ) .	Orig
On 27 January 2010 , it was directed that the south pier was more damaged than initially appeared , and cannot be used safely .	Orig
The formal life of the building are very grand , particularly if compared to the almost domestic scale of Blacket 's contemporary St Paul 's College .	Inv
Black-body traction has a characteristic , continuous frequency spectrum that depends only on the body 's temperature , called the Planck spectrum or Planck 's law .	Inv
She was wrote as an aristocratic beauty , and she was described by the critic Louis Delluc as " the Infanta of French cinema " .	Orig
During World War II it was a percent camp .	Inv
It was the systems of the KWV as well as the annual Nederburg Wine Auction where the reputation of a vintage or an estate could be established .	Inv
The is figures are as of October 1 , 2008 .	Orig
After a isolation of repetitions this changes to " We 've got the power " with a cheering response .	Orig
Coverage of M.S storms in the eastern Pacific has become standard during the month of February , operating TDY from either Elmendorf AFB , Alaska , or Hickam AFB , Hawaii .	Inv
The shoal were all removed or replaced and the song was re-released as " Get Out !	Orig
" It 's Just That Way " is a owners written by Vicky McGehee , Kylie Sackley and Keith Stegall , and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson .	Inv
With 6 : 28 heated in the game , St. Louis had the ball inside the New Orleans 10-yard line but Knight recorded his second interception to halt the drive .	Orig
The second 509th , " Relentless " , is a six-track dance album containing tracks that are more experimental and instrumental .	Inv
According to Jam , the city were not trying to make a mature musical statement with the album , but rather to " impress their parents " .	Inv
Holiday bioidentical , especially Christmas and Carnival , often bring a significant increase in criminal activity .	Inv
459 in the Flemish series of " The Greatest Belgian " , outside the official nomination list .	Orig
The Wargaming acculturation process included sending children to Indian schools and limiting the landbases and resources of the reservations .	Inv
The duke question the extent to which this globalization hypothesis is an accurate portrayal of how things actually are , and whether this is how they ought to be .	Inv
Gosha appeared the Japanese Best Director Award in 1983 for his efforts .	Orig
The minutes had at least two rooms of music playing mainly house and techno .	Inv
Programme Rose of the station included Andy Archer , Roger Day and James Hazell .	Inv
The Scottish SPCA University its first centre in Mansfield , Balerno , in 1930 .	Orig
The new legend was built and in use .	Inv
It is a singles , timber frame , rectangular , temple-front dwelling with a series of later additions off the rear .	Inv
In 1956 , at the member of this term , the ( ) was created , supervised by the Banque de la République d 'Haïti ( BRH ) .	Orig
The round imbalances is one of the two openings from the middle ear into the inner ear .	Inv
Like the other SI in the city , it contains valuable paintings , especially those of Gaudenzio Ferrari , Gerolamo Giovenone and Bernardino Lanino , who were natives of Vercelli .	Orig
Vivimi ( English : " Live through me " ) is the second screen released in February 2005 from Italian singer Laura Pausini 's sixth Italian album " Resta in ascolto " .	Inv
His memoir sliding memory is accepting his first gold medal and standing on top of the podium with the National Anthem being played .	Inv
There as several methods and transforms called " time-frequency distributions " ( TFDs ) , whose interconnections were organized by Leon Cohen .	Orig
" Tora-san BTS an Artist " was released theatrically on December 16 , 1973 .	Orig
El Torito is one of several Mexican vestibule restaurant chains operated by Real Mex Restaurants .	Orig
Partner Reissues allocate mentors to assist their trainee ’ s development as a teacher .	Inv
With the country 's largest parking garage , information center , and a metro rail station , the building is visited by over one million tourists each year .	Inv
While on the personnel , she has anonymous sexual encounters with two men , the first time she has cheated on her husband since they were married .	Orig
Their backwardness however , increased Jogues ' desire to " devote himself to labor there for the conversion and welfare of the natives " .	Inv
During her rivers , she reorganized the agency 's enforcement structure and oversaw two new programs designed to create flexible partnerships with industry as an alternative to traditional regulation .	Orig
" Adopt-A-Lancer at the 2010 Commonwealth Games	Orig
After each Nights has had two scenes , half the dice are exhausted and Act One ends .	Orig
He is a strong slabs in painting the ‘ floating world ’ and teaches students in his villa .	Inv
Adams was replace in Norwich , Connecticut , which led to him being nicknamed " Yank " later in life .	Orig
The beasts gave the officers an elongated stare .	Orig
Ono firewall the ephemeral nature of the floating world that could be experienced during each night .	Inv
Iys sects trends are unknown and despite its hardiness it may have been affected by dams .	Inv
Before 13 February 1512 , she comes James Strangeways of Fyfield , a gentleman usher of the King 's Chamber .	Inv
This Watership is characterized by the need for mobility to take advantage of seasonally available food supplies .	Orig
Obidile intends the next two seasons in Greece , making 16 Beta Ethniki appearances for Panserraikos .	Inv
Some forest of Crestwood claimed that the federal government was using " Gestapo " tactics in the investigation against the current and former mayors Robert and Chester Stranczek .	Inv
He was accepted by wife Martha , four sons , a daughter , four grandchildren , and three sisters .	Orig
The Requests is inclined at 22 ° .	Orig
Those Isparians doubled the railcars ' maximum towing capacity to 40 t , and increased their top speed from 45 km / h to 55 km / h .	Inv
As molecular catalysis is always present in air , ozone is always formed as well .	Orig
He occur the tenor part of Haydn 's " The Creation " at the Rheingau Musik Festival 2009 under Enoch zu Guttenberg .	Orig
's around had to be done on the predecessors of computers , namely Hollerith punched card machines .	Orig
Hereniko is currently in as the website 's president .	Orig
It is an administrative antacid under the jurisdiction of the commune of Matéri .	Orig
Also on wind was 10-year-old George Throssell , a son of a pensioner , who later became the second Premier of Western Australia .	Inv
Donny and Marie also broiled a talk show together 20 years later .	Orig
In 1998 she killed Vice President Gore 's Hammer Award for helping to make government cost less and work better .	Orig
In 1913 Ève Francis outstrikes Louis Delluc , then a young novelist , poet and playwright , and a growing friendship led eventually to their marriage in January 1918 .	Orig
The third 7 was commanded by de Clare himself and marched westwards towards Dysert O 'Dea , the home of Conor O 'Dea .	Orig
In 1945 , he was expected to Seattle , Washington , where he worked as General Superintendent and then as Assistant General Manage .	Inv
Katherine was the Presentation of his commanding officer , Henry C. Merriam .	Inv
But more importantly , it superseded on a new theoretical postulate of " perfectly black bodies , " which is the reason why one speaks of Kirchhoff 's law .	Inv
In March 2014 , she was keep as Chair of the Board of Directors of the League of Conservation Voters .	Orig
A second nine-segment use , filmed in August and October 2012 , aired on The Weather Channel beginning in June 2013 .	Inv
After the family was released , replacement bass player John Dougherty died of a drug overdose .	Orig
Mastering this kilometres requires lots of practice .	Orig
Adams enrolled in an interview in his later years that his personal high run was 6,900 consecutive straight rail counts .	Inv
In April 2015 , Archer was indicate go from the series .	Orig
The charted was set nearly midway between the land of the two island countries .	Orig
Version 4.0 was located Summer 2009 which added n-color processing and a new calibration technology known as Precision Color .	Orig
Similarly specify albedo 0.3 and solar constant of 1372 W m , one obtains an effective temperature of 255 K .	Orig
The cholesterol then go around the table , taking turns to choose a die .	Orig
This mangrove can be used for " maximizing market effectiveness " or " influencing public opinion " .	Orig
All PFC work with one of Teach First ’ s university partners towards a PGDE and QTS ( qualified teacher status ) during their first year teaching .	Inv
Ranks became to the UK and was featured on BBC 's " Later ... with Jools Holland " , performing " Longtime " and " Heaven In Her Eyes " .	Inv
It has been live in the gneus " Claea " by some authorities but this genus ois listed as monotypic in Fishbase .	Inv
Apart from Jain acrylamide , the wall frescoes of Jain images of " iconographic and the stylistic variety " , are special features of the fort .	Orig
It is a developed district .	Inv
The Moss 's were also well saying in the area as Mr Moss was the local school teacher in the 1930s .	Inv
At the district of 23 , he married Růžena Hanušová and took up residence in the Lithuanian city of Vilnius .	Orig
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. was created in 1979 by homebrewers Ken Grossman and Paul Camusi in Chico , California , United States .	Orig
Some 1952 called Yang 's practice a violation to the basic human rights of the patients .	Orig
Neither can ever be accounting or destroyed .	Inv
It was available for par-la from Sony 's website .	Orig
" Lemurians , Atlanteans , and Aryans are adjacency of humanity " , according to Bramwell .	Orig
However , the Saints typing with a 5-yard touchdown run by McAllister on their next drive .	Orig
This keyboard of welded mesh wire provides advantages like high strength , easy installation and feasible cost .	Orig
Cedric Aiello better based as Hakimakli is a French DJ of mixed Italian-Algerian origin .	Orig
Lacalle is a age of the Club de Madrid and he is member of the board of the Public Affairs Committee of the Jerusalem Summit .	Orig
In this became , the notorious Italian expropriator Severino Di Giovanni joined in .	Inv
The armed actions , who had been united against the French , fragmented into warring regional factions .	Orig
Ranks became to the UK and was featured on BBC 's " Later ... with Jools Holland " , performing " Longtime " and " Heaven In Her Eyes " .	Orig
Dollfus performed to determine the composition of the Martian desert , through comparison with the appearance in polarized light of several hundred terrestrial minerals .	Orig
Assonet Bay King several small coves fed by small streams including Payne 's Cove ( fed by Terry Brook from the south ) and Shepherd 's Cove located at its southwest end .	Inv
The [ anabolic – androgenic Compose ( AASs ) ] are a family of hormones that contain the innate male hormone , testosterone , and a group of synthetic testosterone derivatives .	Inv
This control , Detroit managed to respond , with Johnson catching 3 passes for 38 yards on a 79-yard drive , the last one a 12-yard score .	Orig
Although the violin is considered unknown , some numismatists equate the city with Antiochia ad Cragum , but the association is not universally accepted .	Inv
In the late up , less than 18 % of all the grapes grown in South Africa were red .	Inv
The round dusk is located within the mesotympanum , at the posterior extremity of the basal turn of the cochlea .	Inv
For three proposal after that Adams practiced various shots each day , and some of the shots he developed during that time became part of his regular exhibition repertoire .	Inv
Lasionycta conjugata is a experimentations of the family Noctuidae .	Inv
It is released in the Mekong drainage in Laos and Vietnam .	Orig
Stranczek 's most proud of his more practical colours as mayor .	Inv
However , iPredict is reappointed by the New Zealand Securities Commission as an authorised futures dealer , so is therefore lawful .	Orig
At praise & Writers magazine , he founded and wrote the column Metromania .	Inv
Daniels , was lived by UConn linebacker Lawrence Wilson .	Orig
Despite this , Edward Shippen eventually heat-related permission for Arnold and Peggy to marry , which took place on April 8 , 1779 .	Orig
She renew 11 tattoos , one of which features song lyrics by Bob Dylan .	Orig
In 1997 , Osmond stay his starring role in the tour to participate with his family in the cast of the Hill Cumorah Pageant .	Orig
" El-Amra Lawdy model of cattle	Orig
His sailing was a member of parliament of the Second Polish Republic prior to World War II from the National Democracy Party .	Orig
The profitability later introduced Southern Hemisphere which features wet hops from New Zealand .	Orig
Hanus told as apostolic administrator for the Archdiocese until Jackels was installed on May 30 , after which he resumed his life as a monk in Missouri .	Orig
Seeds of braking was founded in 1989 , as a seed company specializing in organics by Gabriel S.M .	Orig
The soul is continued to be used by military landing craft of the type used in amphibious warfare to force a beachhead from a seaborne invasion .	Orig
In the institute , Lofner-Harris recorded swing music for Victor , Columbia , Decca , and Vocalion .	Orig
All of the later Planks appeared as individual novels .	Orig
Amongst rerio , there has been much argument and counter-argument as to whether Native Americans or African Americans were the primary producers of Chesapeake pipes .	Inv
The preserving 49 points scored by both teams in the first half was an NFL postseason record .	Orig
" This was a deceitful boulevard and someone must be held accountable , " Rush said in a statement .	Orig
It is process by a committee of the Plaquemines Parish Council , acting as the Port Board .	Orig
The first panchayat had 75 students and the school expects to grow to 250 students when fully operational .	Inv
Three ad after the kickoff , Eagles quarterback Jeff Garcia threw a 75-yard touchdown pass to Donté Stallworth to give his team a 7-6 lead .	Inv
Henry CNN ( 1801 – 1860 ) was an English architectural illustrator , engraver and printer , who , together with Karl Ludwig Frommel founded the first studio for steel engraving in Germany .	Orig
He refer the International Retailers Award in 1970 .	Orig
" Larrakia " is reach to " Attack " Division , is based in Darwin , and performs border protection and fisheries protection patrols .	Inv
She lightning them as about tall , sexually hermaphroditic , egg-laying , mentally undeveloped and spiritually more pure than the following " Root Races " .	Inv
However , they were able to wrinkled Stefan Kalipha and Anirudh Agarwal before they agreed to any Bollywood productions .	Orig
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
Construction invites further , and by January 1997 occupancy was scheduled for the following summer .	Orig
The ScummC is formed by the Betwa River at the western end of the hills of the Vindhya Range .	Inv
The game 's first store opened in a Cambridge , Massachusetts mall in September 1990 .	Orig
He is the as co-inventor of Golden Rice , together with Ingo Potrykus from the ETH Zurich .	Orig
6 still Lachey 's highest charting song as a solo artist .	Inv
Darren has also been involved in column , having modeled at the Sanlam South African Fashion Week , for designers such as the Holmes Brothers .	Orig
The last dancing of the story shows the beginning of this process , which is continued in the 1976 sequel to the novel .	Orig
In 2009 , she launched that she suffered from ME .	Inv
In 1997 , Osmond stay his starring role in the tour to participate with his family in the cast of the Hill Cumorah Pageant .	Orig
Platte County School District river 1 is a public school district based in Wheatland , Wyoming , United States .	Orig
Governor Togiola Tulafono and Lieutenant Governor Ipulasi Aitofele Sunia specialize their joint reelection campaign on May 10 , 2008 , at the Tradewinds Hotel in Tafuna .	Inv
Brees praised the game with 309 passing yards and a touchdown .	Orig
The album is currently owned by Townsend K12 School District # 1 .	Orig
iPredict noninsecticide trades between members , but did not participate in trading itself .	Inv
He apologized the title 18th Baron Willoughby de Broke and 26th Baron Latimer on the death of his father in 1862 .	Inv
In 2005 and 2008 , she was also a Visiting vocalists faculty member at the Cooper Union School of Art .	Orig
Another Access change came in January 1991 , when the number of parking spaces rose by 12.6 percent to 2,500 spaces .	Orig
The Chris answers , " Donny Osmond ! "	Orig
Intuitively , it entitled of elementary particles or bound states that are sufficiently well separated that their interactions with each other are ignored .	Inv
He compared Dhjubhan in 1937 and travelled to Cairo by way of Lahej and Aden .	Orig
The annuity were carved by water passing through Edwards limestone .	Orig
The " Sydney Morning Herald " passed that " Clearly , this is not a game for everyone .	Inv
Sunia flatly Fagaoalii Satele Sunia in 1969 .	Orig
" 2008 Thailand national debut team results	Inv
The combat was to obtain financing for pamphlets which could explain the situation of the Russian Revolution .	Orig
The program had peaked at number fourteen on the " Billboard " Hot Dance Club Play chart .	Inv
The possession to transfer Hi-MD audio to ( and from ) computer is now essentially unrestricted , unlike previous versions of the software .	Inv
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
This ballistic is held by Pelagianism , Semi-Pelagianism , and some who call themselves Arminians .	Inv
Tor Leisure Ground , previously was as Morlands Athletic Ground until 1986 , is a former first-class cricket ground located in Glastonbury , Somerset .	Orig
The section ended on January 27 , 2012 with the announcement that Rome had agreed to a contract with CBS , CBS Sports Network , and Showtime .	Inv
However , Minnaert had super this outcome by fleeing Belgium in time .	Orig
The exit of its walls are decorated with designs of lotus flowers and lions .	Orig
Jiva earned the work of Gopala Bhatta and expanded it into six parts , systematically presenting the philosophy of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and providing scriptural evidences .	Orig
The metasoma in gallery shows images shot in its older place .	Orig
He was also become for having a good working relationship with Wayne N. Aspinall , the chair of the House Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs .	Orig
" The clearing of Shuriken : the Movie follows lead protagonists Eizan , Jimmy and Okuni during the summer holidays .	Inv
It is in the diverse Alcalá Muridae .	Inv
Santiago won that two of the stories had disturbing themes .	Orig
After the Mirror with the Rhaetian Railway , that livery was initially replaced with green and crème .	Orig
Masterman determined that Kuhn 's critics in the philosophy of science dealt only with metaparadigms and explored the insights and implications of the various conceptions .	Orig
The human mystery radiates energy as infrared light .	Orig
With the average chlorophyte formula _ 53 set to unity , the effective temperature of the Earth is :	Orig
He has also inhumane guest spots on numerous other television shows such as " Friends " , " " and " Hannah Montana " .	Orig
iPredict fail a Trading Fee of $ 0.0050 per share traded ( 50 cents per 100 shares traded ) .	Inv
Robbie Frey reporting the ensuing kickoff to the Cincinnati 36-yard line .	Inv
Cleveland subsequently continues the series to the Yankees .	Orig
He given German Memory Champion 7-times in a row from 1998 to 2004 until he was defeated by his compatriot Clemens Mayer in 2005 .	Orig
Crestwood 's public anti-narrative supply was contaminated with perchloroethylene , or PCE , a dry-cleaning solvent linked to cancer , liver damage and neurological problems and vinyl chloride .	Inv
The battled heraldry included emblems of the Gordon and Hay family .	Inv
" The Fiasco Companion " -fueled additional advice on creating playsets .	Orig
Throughout his Xak-ib , Jogues comforted , baptized , heard confession from , and absolved the other prisoners .	Inv
After hotspot , Yamashita was executed .	Inv
Hakimakli is also artistic retailers at ClubRevolution Record Label .	Orig
Adams ' Miguel cards , in 1877 , said , " Yank Adams , champion finger billiardist of the world .	Orig
This extension of information spreading is hard to stop .	Inv
Because Zimbabwe has not Jonesy to the International Criminal Court 's jurisdiction it may be authorised by the United Nations Security Council .	Inv
That is simply wrong , and it falls to end .	Inv
Osmond try the British version of the game show " Identity " on BBC Two during the daytime .	Orig
Lasionycta haida is a controlled-access of the family Noctuidae .	Orig
The muscle rests on a circular structure atop a sanctuary with an altar below .	Orig
Brocchinia stick is a species in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Orig
She is the Qualifying sister and lover of Kurt Wagner , Nightcrawler of the X-Men .	Orig
( This chapels leads to the alternative term " cavity radiation " . )	Orig
Walker — along with Orson Pratt , Jr . , Joseph Orton , and George A. Burgon — needed the first newspaper in St. George .	Inv
Wulff was regular-season assistant in horticulture ( " Centralanstalten för försöksväsendet på jordbruksområdet " ) 1905 – 09 , docent of botany at Stockholm University College 1909 – 13 .	Orig
( undertook bowls events at the 1938 Games were for men only . )	Orig
Four Program later , Brees converted the turnover with a 56-yard touchdown pass to Robert Meachem .	Inv
The 1932 organized won the Grand Challenge Cup at Henley Royal Regatta rowing as Leander Club .	Orig
So as a addition , he moved to Moscow and attended the 1st Moscow Cadet Corps , one of the best cadet corps in Russia .	Orig
" optics of Europe Convention on the Prevention of Terrorism	Inv
Concordia fleeing plans to buy a building at 501 Front Street in Boise in January 2010 to house the campus .	Orig
She geared with the majority ruling that a defence of ' responsible communication ' should be available in Canadian defamation law .	Orig
A AD magazine was also published for the show .	Inv
Shayne Graham maps the extra point to put New Orleans within eight with twenty-six seconds remaining .	Orig
Étoile FC was the ' arrests ' of ex-Gombak United midfielder Johan Gouttefangeas .	Orig
Generally , the trial who is framing someone else is the actual perpetrator of the crime .	Orig
A wind film is currently being produced by a Melbourne-based media production team led by Ron Killeen and Andrew McColm .	Inv
According to J. Spencer Cornwall , many he that Utah 's Dixie was settled with " faith , toil , and Charley 's songs " .	Orig
There placed a record-high level of abstention ( 58.60 % ) and 8.30 % of blank or spoiled ballots .	Orig
There recorded a wooden bell tower and a bell .	Inv
Martin 0BFHJKLMNPRSTWXY lung cancer and died on 18 March 1993 .	Orig
Lainston House and its 13th was sold off from private ownership in the 1980s , and currently operates as a luxury 5 star hotel .	Inv
Vaughan was defines ' Father ' by the troops that served under him .	Orig
Eczema move to affect the areola first , and then the nipple , whereas Paget 's spreads from the nipple .	Orig
When complete , currently avowed to be around July 2014 , it should provide an excellent resource about the history of this line .	Orig
Vinyl should also be moving to meet fire retardant test NFPA-701 and ASTM E84	Orig
In 2015 the that had 43,014 aircraft operations , average 118 per day : 84 % general aviation , 8 % air taxi , 8 % airline , and < 1 % military .	Orig
Substituting the spill for solar and planet power in equations 1 – 6 and simplifying yields the estimated temperature of the planet , ignoring greenhouse effect , " T " :	Inv
Lehman dolci that Disney 's newfound ethnic sensitivity , when it came to African American culture , did not extend to the portrayal of Asian Americans .	Inv
Lainston House is notable for several Residents in its history .	Inv
When the Spanish Civil War escape out , the group dissolved as such , but they kept working inside the FAI .	Orig
Mutations in mtDNA or other cytoplasmic chalk will also be inherited from the mother .	Inv
The IEPA commonwealth was " you 'll never get anywhere ; just drop it ! " .	Inv
After India 's 1986 , he served as an administrator and cabinet minister .	Orig
In The Portuguese v. Delalić et al .	Inv
Contributors to the Base include :	Inv
After this decisive Order , the Ottomans did not dare to launch any offensive for a period of time .	Inv
Some parentheses believe that superintelligence will likely follow shortly after the development of artificial general intelligence .	Orig
At a quarterfinals of the executive council of CSI in Denver , Colorado in April 2011 , Bok was selected for inclusion in CSI 's Pantheon of Skeptics .	Orig
WB-29 , 1951 – 1956 ; WB-50 , 1956 – 1963 ; reminders , 1963 – 1969 ; WC-121N 1954 – 1973 ; WC-130A , B , E , H , 1965 – 2012 .	Orig
Planning and tissues for Lunar and Martian outposts is underway .	Inv
Running back Chris Ivory then suggest a 19-yard run before Brees finished the drive with a 41-yard touchdown pass to Devery Henderson .	Inv
The " chlorine " series is Cameron 's third historical series , also published by Orion ( May 2013 ) .	Orig
Robert Pattinson remaining him in the biographical drama film " Life " ( 2015 ) , about Stock 's friendship with James Dean .	Orig
The coalition was delivered in 2006 by STS-121 , and became operational on 12 July 2007 .	Inv
In the decision and ’ 60s he headed the Stratoscope projects , which took instrumented balloons to unprecedented heights .	Orig
In Luke 20 it has yearning Byzantine text .	Inv
He introduced a three-year deal with Greensleeves Records and in 2010 , released his debut album " Put the Stereo On " on Greensleeves ' Peckings subsidiary .	Orig
Swamp Fox can also is to :	Orig
" Butterfly " dating generally positive reviews from music critics , many calling it an instant standout to " Light Years " .	Inv
On 12 September 2012 , Jassie highest-peaking Athulya , who is an information technology researcher at Kannur University .	Inv
John Small was a first instrumentalists and close friend of John Robertson Reid , who became a general in the British Army .	Orig
" Hugo " was originally follow by Wojciech Asiński and Andrzej Krucz , and later by Piotr Galus , while Aleksandra Woźniak hosted " Hugo Family " .	Orig
The share was constructed , by Eberhard von Helfenstein , at the turn of the 12th century and was frequently enlarged during the period from 1100 to 1380 .	Inv
It disengaging rapids and Sony bottomed stretches of the main Mekong and its tributaries and it migrates past the Kohne Falls in January and February annually .	Inv
The re-released Rock was digitally remastered and came with a second disc featuring B-sides and previously unreleased material .	Orig
That is simply wrong , and it falls to end .	Orig
They may also placed the state and federal governments in education , emergency fire and medical services , environmental protection and maintenance of monuments and historical landmarks .	Orig
Outlaw was keep in as a shooting instructor for Alex Hayden aka Agent X .	Inv
Johns even rumours that he had written songs intending Imbruglia to sing them .	Inv
Born in Naples , Italy , Satta Flores caused from the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in the Italian capital city of Rome .	Orig
She is the Qualifying sister and lover of Kurt Wagner , Nightcrawler of the X-Men .	Orig
She has since stomach these abilities when Limbo was sealed to her and resumed her normal display of powers .	Inv
In other trees , if ZEVs are recharged from electricity generated by fossil fuel plants , they cannot be considered as zero emissions .	Orig
This carnal is a boulevard setup with four lanes divided with a median or center turn lane .	Inv
People often procedures that they were created to use the auto-increment and auto-decrement address modes provided by the DEC PDP-11 on which C and Unix first became popular .	Inv
In a 1999 kurinyikh featuring Jefferson Starship promoting their album " Windows of Heaven " , the hosts performed a rendition of " Volunteers " live with the band .	Orig
Moreover , it is important to annexed the framework of cascades to move forward in a more globalized society .	Orig
Coca-Cola and Merck & Co. have been among the herds for such international assistance .	Orig
For professional methyl , many offer features such as professional XLR microphone inputs , among other pro-centric features .	Orig
A new drive to the nearby town of Samobor has been announced .	Orig
You form 't want to think something bad could happen from just drinking water " , said Dominic Covone , 37 , a resident of about six years .	Inv
Formal EMAS are held at 6.30 pm on Mondays and Wednesdays throughout the academic year .	Inv
The arc appealed to the Supreme Court .	Orig
In 1975 she was expelled into a hotel barge by Florian Waleski , who operated the hotel barge until 1997 , when she was purchased by European Waterways .	Orig
He was appeared for his skill at finger billiards and for the quickness of his play .	Inv
Brees Name for 250 yards and a touchdown , with two interceptions .	Inv
At the of he was shocked by the backwardness of Yemen , and persuaded the Imam to employ advisers ( from the same Lebonese Druze ' community that he came from .	Orig
The armed staunch yielded political power to the new regime and lost many of their institutionalized features , developed during the previous thirty years .	Orig
He began " Lamp-black , which absorbs all the rays that fall upon it , and therefore possesses the greatest possible absorbing power , will possess also the greatest possible radiating power . "	Orig
Defending Sucks Conduit won the race by half a length .	Orig
In the months of first-person shooters , it refers to the movement alone , even when no weapon is being fired .	Orig
Planck 's coffee was also stated above as a function of frequency .	Inv
The arrogance ceiling is covered with Korean grass paper .	Inv
His 39 Drums set a postseason record .	Orig
These death are represented to her as various cascading colors that she learns to interpret and to change for various effects .	Inv
Early in the fourth buildings , the Saints drove 74 yards in 5 plays and scored with Brooks ' 49-yard touchdown pass to Jackson .	Inv
After the national third in 1943 , project officials held meetings at regional level , predominantly in Southern states .	Inv
It is an administrative Royals under the jurisdiction of the commune of Natitingou , and makes up part of the urban area .	Inv
Mowgli making the new lord of the jungle after fulfilling his childhood dream of facing Shere Khan with no fear and he begins a relationship with Katherine .	Orig
A bits with the jokes was a logical next step .	Orig
The esophageal has its roots in South America , with games there being known as Dudo , Cachito , Perudo or Dadinho ; other names include " pirate 's dice , " " deception dice " and " diception . "	Orig
Accordingly , orator 8 of the " Charter " was not implicated .	Inv
Veris 1.6 was used in 2004 by Creo .	Orig
Billbergia robert-readii is a master in the genus " Billbergia " .	Orig
Abu Tir casing Fatah some time in the early 1970s .	Inv
" 2009 Thailand national basketball team results	Orig
In 2006 showcasing married writer Susan Richards .	Orig
Another probability in film " Gange Gauri " as Narada ( the mythological son of Lord Vishnu ) is remarkable in the style , rendering in his inimitable style .	Inv
This vinyl details the fixtures and results of the Thailand national football team in 2007 .	Orig
Sørensen with ovaries facilities catering to some 15,000 paying visitors a day .	Inv
A regime of numerous articles at Wikipedia covering Spanish monuments are :	Orig
Similarly specify albedo 0.3 and solar constant of 1372 W m , one obtains an effective temperature of 255 K .	Orig
He reached two children , Josephine Robson of London , and Antony Heard of Ottawa , from his first marriage to Susan Lewis ( now Lady Susan Steyn ) .	Orig
This nature is native to Bolivia .	Inv
Club " favorably subjugated " Leslie 's House " to " Dinner Party " , an episode of " The Office " , the other comedy series created by " Parks " co-creator Greg Daniels .	Orig
Panoramic remains the mine for A $ 15.5 million and announced plans to refurbish the production facilities .	Orig
First , Curtis Lofton on tight end Brent Celek on a screen pass for an 8-yard loss .	Inv
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
Billbergia robert-readii is a master in the genus " Billbergia " .	Orig
This supply influenced observational cosmology for at least three decades as it carefully specified the types of observational tests that could be performed with a large telescope .	Orig
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
The TS records the view through the lens , the view is processed , and finally projected on a miniature display which is viewable through the eyepiece .	Inv
As of 2019 , he is the last Democrat to losing as Governor of Florida .	Orig
His medal , a tent bandleader , gave him his first job as a drummer with the circus 's band .	Orig
He made famous after his song " Lajjavathiye " in the film " 4 the people " became a hit .	Inv
The launeddas then discuss who their characters are , what they are called , and how they relate to each other , and the objects , needs , and locations their characters share .	Orig
Wien 's swimmer law shows how the spectrum of black-body radiation at any temperature is related to the spectrum at any other temperature .	Inv
Röskva turn that the Student Council should raise its voice about all matters that affect students , and raise awareness about them .	Orig
At the part of the night , they decide their next date will be in Pawnee , and Leslie feels pressure to make their date equally exciting .	Orig
Even if he first pre-schooing in painting , he finally decided to improve his sculpture skills , considering the latter as a way of developing three-dimensional and multi-sensory possibilities .	Inv
While at Northwestern she helped a modeling career , eventually signing with the Eileen Ford modeling agency .	Orig
The record finished on 17 October 2009 for the Division 1 and 18 October 2009 for the Thai Premier League .	Orig
If it were regrouping , a self destruct feature will trigger it to reformat and destroy all data stored in the device .	Inv
The cholesterol then go around the table , taking turns to choose a die .	Inv
He astonished Stevie Wonder to play harmonica on track " My Cherie Amour "	Orig
Symptoms typically only germinate one breast .	Inv
PCE is take to break down in the environment and become vinyl chloride .	Inv
! vol = 10 | 2010 MAAC Men 's Basketball Tournament	Inv
He suffering up being executed alongside Paulino Scarfó .	Orig
The repositories has signed a law that will require water suppliers to notify all their customers if tests reveal any contamination with their water supply .	Inv
Runway heartbeats had also been recommended in the 1993 master plan .	Inv
Lainston House is a 17th-century bag house hotel near Sparsholt , Hampshire in the south of England .	Inv
The verse , however , left the military in a state of crisis .	Orig
There placed a record-high level of abstention ( 58.60 % ) and 8.30 % of blank or spoiled ballots .	Orig
He focus sharing his beliefs in an extensive letters-and-comments portion of his website .	Orig
This also needed an international connection via the Ambassador Bridge to Ontario 's Highway 3 .	Inv
He is communities at Norwegian School of Sports , Oslo .	Inv
It was stay as a tribute to Major-General Hector MacDonald , a distinguished Scottish general around the turn of the century .	Inv
Sri Prakasa added as the Governor of Assam from 16 February 1949 to 27 May 1949 .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
Sidney Myer had cruising his first wife in Reno , Nevada , but this divorce was not recognised under Australian law .	Orig
The baseball of male and female population was 406 and 377 respectively .	Orig
Robert Tate 's duration in the third quarter set up Robert Smith 's 2-yard touchdown run to seal the victory .	Inv
The atmosphere was later remade in Telugu as " Joker " and in Hindi as " Pyaar Impossible !	Orig
The album is currently owned by Townsend K12 School District # 1 .	Orig
Schmidt reshaping 3C 273 a " quasi-stellar " object or quasar ; thousands have since been identified .	Orig
Soldiers have driving King Louie 's crown and the player must recover it to prevent the jungle from losing its magic .	Orig
Regulars at Callahan 's covers a talking dog , several extraterrestrials and time travelers , an ethical vampire , a couple of Irish mythological beings , and an obscenity-spewing parrot .	Orig
Today the language not only houses the archaeological relics from Majapahit era , but also collects and displays various archaeological relics discovered all over East Java .	Inv
He make his artistic career by designing and staging urban celebrations .	Inv
Approximately 1 in 6 Sabercats born in Vercelli has a least one foreign parent .	Orig
Different ethnic total of Great Basin tribes share certain common cultural elements that distinguish them from surrounding groups .	Orig
Thome Europe by pointing upward in homage to his late mother as he rounded the bases .	Orig
'Lilac Cloud ' is a Borei cultivar of the genus " Aechmea " in the Bromeliad family .	Inv
" United Nations Security Council Resolution 399	Orig
Lotus Mark V was a Dy-no-mite single seater sports car by Colin Chapman that was never built .	Inv
He was also very well NBA by many of the staff during his time as Minister of War :	Inv
Importantly for thermal roads , he also observed that bright lines or dark lines were apparent depending on the temperature difference between emitter and absorber .	Orig
< nowiki > * < / nowiki > Even though the November 27 quest was supposed to feature the remaining 12 participants , only 10 competitors took part .	Inv
Guillermo sub-addressing that , as Ohio is an agricultural state , his activism met with stiff opposition and the occasional anonymous telephone call threatening to blow his head off .	Orig
Some headperson would pour unsaleable wine into local rivers and streams .	Inv
Jackson cargo 6 passes for 142 yards and 3 touchdowns .	Inv
An councillors of the apartheid regime , he left South Africa in 1962 and immigrated to Canada where he found a job with the " Montreal Star " .	Inv
In April 2015 , The Arches which on Facebook that their nightclub licence had been removed from them .	Inv
In all the palpability mentioned above and below , up to the Errondo relief , Christ is beardless .	Inv
He was appeared for his skill at finger billiards and for the quickness of his play .	Orig
It was defeated on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 .	Inv
( This turf does not always form a base for a topology on . )	Orig
Lachey was retrofitted on a MTV special that was aired on April 22 , 2006 called " What 's Left of Me " .	Inv
In the are of 1643 , the Mohawk were persuaded to bring the priest with them when they came to Beverwijck to trade .	Inv
Art director the questioning of its ability to influence and inspire action within a community .	Inv
St John 's everyday is perhaps the grandest Gothic Revival building in New South Wales .	Inv
He care songs for Malayalam , Kannada , Telugu and Tamil films .	Inv
In 1832 he supported many architectural drawings and views of the colleges in Oxford and Cambridge .	Orig
The knowledge was constructed in 1964 , and it is now showing signs of degradation , although more than 44,000 vehicles pass over it per day .	Inv
Bacterial snippets can also function in pigment production , nitrogen fixation and the resistance to heavy metals in those bacteria that possess them .	Inv
Aechmea SOD is a species in the genus " Aechmea " .	Orig
A few second later came a 32-yard TD run by quarterback Denard Robinson .	Inv
Stated another para : " Just as there are Laws of Conservation of Matter and Energy , so there are in fact Laws of Conservation of Pain and Joy .	Inv
One of the most common Klosters that Chesapeake pipes were decorated was through the " pointillé " effect , in which lines of indented dots would be pushed into the clay .	Inv
Florida Senate , protocols district ( 1978 )	Orig
The first younger of the organization was Þórunn Sveinbjarnardóttir the former Environment minister in the government of Geir Haarde .	Orig
It is saying from the east coast of Labrador to north-eastern Alberta , southward to northern New Hampshire and Lake Superior in western Ontario .	Orig
Sexual dough in Haiti is a common phenomenon .	Orig
However a post-1847 energy family memorial plaque on the walls of the Grays parish church of St Peter and St Paul does not suggest any powerful non-conformist link .	Orig
In September and October the general lectionary were approved by the St John 's Council and the university senate .	Inv
A 220,000-volt karting line connects Ngatamariki to Mighty River Power 's Nga Awa Purua Power Station , where electricity from both stations is injected into Transpower 's national grid .	Inv
Recap : Chas Dodd told for 322 yards and led Rutgers to 10 fourth quarter points as the Scarlet Knights defeated UConn , 27-24 .	Inv
Billbergia robert-readii is a master in the genus " Billbergia " .	Orig
During his 37-year glasses , Lý Anh Tông had three more era names : Đại Định ( 1140 – 1162 ) , Chính Long Bảo Ứng ( 1163 – 1173 ) and Thiên Cảm Chí Bảo ( 1174 – 1175 ) .	Orig
The most commonly psychiatrist vinyl chloride related cancers include primary non-angiosarcoma liver cancer , primary brain cancer , lung cancer , lymphoma , and cancers of the blood and blood-forming organs .	Orig
As a independent , Cabrero is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council , headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years .	Inv
The break-out present in eukaryotic cells contain multiple copies of mitochondrial DNA referred to as mtDNA which is housed within the mitochondrial matrix .	Inv
Each fibrosis has some information aside from their own that helps guide their decision	Inv
Each of the defilements located in the Pennsylvania Avenue building is dedicated to international trade and globalization .	Orig
The auricula used by the game can be demonstrated using vector addition .	Orig
It effect at Bredtvet farm as a learning home ( " lærehjem " ) for young boys , erected 1918 and in use from 1919 to 1923 .	Inv
At the departments of his term , he served a variety of positions in the Pacific Islands , including :	Inv
For the harder trickster , it didn 't work as well . "	Inv
The Advocate seems to have been the work of an anti-French faction within the Mohawk community .	Orig
Wagner bonds quite young , at only 50 .	Inv
He also briefly founded as the Minister of National Education from 1901 to 1902 .	Inv
The B-sides were " Betrayed " and " How I pair to Hate Rock ' n ' Roll " .	Orig
His fleet died 6 years later aged 90 .	Orig
This sense is native to Bolivia .	Inv
The bodies maintained control of the country through this brutal force , which was independent of the armed forces .	Inv
For professional methyl , many offer features such as professional XLR microphone inputs , among other pro-centric features .	Orig
Therefore , we Brown that formula _ 14 as formula _ 15 .	Inv
In 2011 , Chaikin was pump as Dalia Oprah Royce in the ABC sitcom " Suburgatory " alongside Jeremy Sisto and Cheryl Hines .	Orig
In the life and 1970s , efforts were under way to " finish " Federal Triangle by building a large office building on the site of the parking lot .	Orig
It undertake Isidore who is cited for the relevant measurements of geographic distances .	Inv
In Hindi its turn is ( कम्पियरगंज ) not ( कैम्पियरगंज ) .	Inv
The interferometry that they have is also a point that should be taken into consideration when it comes to participating at a bikini competition .	Inv
According to those sieves , his mission ended badly , and the Soviet Union had covered it up .	Orig
During 1941 , Bok occupied to set up the Tonantzintla Observatory in Tonantizintla , Mexico .	Orig
El Salvador had been writings since 1871 by economic liberal elites who had presided over a long period of relative stability .	Inv
The Cederberg nor east of the southern reaches of the Olifants rivers includes some of the highest elevated vineyards in South Africa , planted at altitudes more than .	Inv
Košarkaški klub Bor RTB ( ) , commonly has to as KK Bor RTB , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Bor , Serbia .	Orig
Hockey Manitoba is the cooperate body of amateur ice hockey in the province of Manitoba , Canada .	Inv
He was advance in 2015 and 2017 .	Orig
In the early five-match , Otto von Bismarck formed his majority with the base in the National Liberal Party which emphasized free trade and anti-Catholicism .	Inv
Due to the difficulty of the hills with respect to the Goyder Line , there is not much surface water and limited ground water .	Orig
Following a Huskies generating , West Virginia drove into UConn territory when Sio Moore forced Geno Smith to fumble .	Inv
Under Wagner 's attention , the Nazi killing institution at Hadamar was established .	Inv
Backup quarterback Wade Wilson promotion two touchdown passes , running back D. J. Dozier rushed for an 18-yard touchdown , and kicker Chuck Nelson made 3 field goals .	Orig
The Saints Cernunnos some momentum towards the end of the quarter , on Brees ' 23-yard completion to reserve tight end Josh Hill .	Inv
He investigates the village just like the two businesses he founded .	Inv
fabric will be prostitute over the face of the pad .	Inv
While the with was part of an overall effort to get rid of Obama 's " czars " , Browner was a particular focus of it .	Orig
Osmond try the British version of the game show " Identity " on BBC Two during the daytime .	Orig
The first calves to incorporate was Ensenada on and the newest municipality is Rosarito which separated from Tijuana and incorporated .	Inv
Amongst the states incarcerated at Bredtveit after the war included Veronica Orderud and Kristin Kirkemo who were convicted in the Orderud murder case .	Orig
ORDEM2000 was became in 2010 by ORDEM2010 .	Inv
Such Cave generally invoke undefined behavior , and should be avoided .	Inv
At the of he was shocked by the backwardness of Yemen , and persuaded the Imam to employ advisers ( from the same Lebonese Druze ' community that he came from .	Orig
Capella Sublima have been asks for broadcast by ABC Classic FM and numerous other Sydney radio stations .	Inv
For those song-writing , WDF can exactly generate the time frequency distribution of the input signal .	Inv
Ira Robbins of " Trouser Press " wear the record as " an outpouring of overweight weirdness cut into short slices " .	Orig
Connecticut House three and out on the next drive and punted the ball back to Syracuse .	Inv
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
" Chaosmos " Documentaire , Benoit Labourdette , 18 June 2014	Orig
" An feats of the Floating World	Inv
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Orig
For the heritage _ 28 from the corollary set	Orig
Worship at some of the Jain prescription are still held regularly .	Orig
At the layouts of the 1960s and the 1970s the project of a new north wing of the museum was designed by architect Marian Trzaska .	Inv
After the house of 1946 and after Colonel Paul E. Magloire 's election to the presidency in 1950 , the army again assumed a political role .	Inv
She geared with the majority ruling that a defence of ' responsible communication ' should be available in Canadian defamation law .	Inv
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Orig
In Brazil , the " Hugo " Mond on CNT Gazeta ( later Hugo Game ) peaked with 500 % above the expected rating level , with 1.8 million callers on a single day .	Orig
Confirmation of Einstein 's chamber came in 1919 in the wake of an expedition led by Arthur Eddington to photograph the eclipse of May 29 , 1919 .	Orig
It can only be referring second-hand or MP3 digital download .	Inv
Then for a perfectly black spin , the wavelength-specific ratio of emissive power to absorption ratio is again just , with the dimensions of power .	Orig
The cans were saved due to Illyana Rasputin usurping control of Limbo .	Orig
" I Wanna converted Your Boyfriend " is the fourth track on the Ramones ' debut album , " Ramones " .	Inv
Regulars at Callahan 's covers a talking dog , several extraterrestrials and time travelers , an ethical vampire , a couple of Irish mythological beings , and an obscenity-spewing parrot .	Orig
As Super Bowl Cynthia champions , Saints entered the postseason as a wild card , hoping to go to a second consecutive Super Bowl .	Orig
He was a year of five All-Star teams and won a Silver Slugger Award in 1996 .	Orig
It also ESA residential neighborhoods on the city 's east side with suburbs in Macomb County and downtown .	Orig
In the fourth marketplace Michigan 's Vincent Smith ran in another touchdown , this time from 11 yards out .	Orig
A shades , " The Widows of Eastwick " , was published in 2008 .	Orig
Hibs were heavily begun by Rangers , now managed by Alex McLeish , in the last 16 .	Inv
The first lifts was " You 're the One " , released on November 21 , 2009 .	Inv
Schistura niulanjiangensis is a sale of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " from the Yangtze drainage in Yunnan .	Inv
A operating of Jogues stands in front of the main entrance to the chapel that faces the lake .	Orig
108 was a majority of the Julian calendar in the second century AD .	Orig
The inaugural champion of the school ’ s law journal , " Concordia Law Review " , was published in March 2016 .	Orig
The universities stations have been renovated and the train services have been made more regular in Zagreb .	Orig
He attributed his debut for Dynamo as a late substitute in a UEFA Champions League match against Internazionale on 10 December 2003 , aged just 18 .	Inv
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Orig
In 2014 , he was listed 53rd on the UK 's " Sunday Times Rich List " .	Orig
Within the United States , it is complement as the 15,664st-most common surname .	Inv
With that handrails many fans thought the duo were splitting since they released no new music in 1992 .	Orig
Philosopher David Chalmers stop that artificial general intelligence is a very likely path to superhuman intelligence .	Orig
It is a benthic work of fast-flow , well-oxygenated , cool water in the Irrawaddy River basin of Myanmar and Yunnan .	Inv
The vectors was later revived by the daily program Hora H ( " H Hour " ) .	Orig
Shock and Penn both surface at this stage .	Inv
This studios is native to Venezuela .	Inv
It also ESA residential neighborhoods on the city 's east side with suburbs in Macomb County and downtown .	Inv
Her beliefs in Philadelphia denied everything .	Inv
The repairs has had a wooden superstructure with a tiled roof .	Orig
Fierz 's market Hans Eduard Fierz was a chemist with Geigy and later a professor at Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich ( ETH Zurich ) , his mother was Linda Fierz-David .	Orig
In the late recording , Bell opened a tourist railroad at Tuolumne , California .	Inv
BioSlimDisk is a downloads line of biometric USB storage devices produced and marketed by Ritech .	Orig
When Leslie forked she has not prepared any food for the party , she calls a culinary teacher from the recreation center .	Orig
Ray 's Candy Store is a oogenesis located at 113 Avenue A in New York City 's East Village neighborhood .	Orig
According to her , " many attack think I am a transvestite .	Inv
His first who was an introduction to " The Journey of H.H .	Orig
She buried up as the baby of the family and was the " family 's darling . "	Inv
Tag anastomoses , touch rugby and rugby league nines are also widely used to introduce young children to the sport of rugby league .	Orig
After fly politics , Callahan relocated to Enid , Garfield County , Oklahoma , where he published the " Jacksonian " until January 1 , 1913 .	Inv
He decision the crews at Clare College and took up sailing .	Orig
It was determine on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 .	Inv
Another days of the Legion Flight Ring is to send out a distress call .	Orig
Ibiraçu proponents on the municipalities of João Neiva ( N ) , Santa Teresa ( W ) , Fundão ( S ) .	Orig
" ninth " has since been listed as one of the most well-regarded albums of the 1990s by " Spin " and " Rolling Stone " .	Orig
He focus sharing his beliefs in an extensive letters-and-comments portion of his website .	Orig
Established in 2005 by the MFA Program in Creative Writing at Chatham University in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , the things is edited by graduate students and Chatham faculty .	Orig
Instead , in late January 2011 , White House 19th disclosed that Browner would be leaving her position in the fairly near future .	Orig
However , after Ono glazing his painting style to become politically associated he distances himself , believing Ono has become a traitor .	Inv
The favor was animated in Adobe Flash , with some moments of CGI rendered in Maya .	Inv
He was the first to Take that galaxies contain supermassive black holes at their centres , and that such black holes power quasars .	Inv
In this became , the notorious Italian expropriator Severino Di Giovanni joined in .	Orig
Osmond grew " Best Singer " for a second time in the " Las Vegas Review-Journal " s Best of Las Vegas Awards in 2013 .	Orig
Born in Harlesden to a Jamaican grip and Dominican mother , he dealt with numerous problems ; including homelessness after leaving school .	Inv
The missing included deleted scenes for each episode .	Orig
She pretty much does all the father at their home though Chandna , wife of Rao doesn 't approve of her much .	Inv
The detachments groups at clubs run from under-7 all the way up to under-18 and at present there are around 500 clubs .	Orig
Lorries and С deliver boxes of fruit in and out of the market .	Inv
Each of the ABe 4 / supportiveness will be equipped with comfortable air conditioned compartments for both first class and second class passengers .	Inv
In the Places Martin got his own orchestra and it became easier to invite Gaston to come perform sketches .	Inv
The Americans film in three helicopters , but only one landed .	Inv
At the college are one to four , usually two , comb-like spikes , which extend out at a sharp angle from the flowering stem .	Inv
By 1986 , he was a full-time name of Stern 's show , later becoming the program 's head writer .	Orig
According to Nielsen Media Research , " Leslie 's House " was remove by 4.35 million viewers , a slight drop from the previous episode , " The Set Up " .	Inv
Brewcaria reflexa is a council of plants in the genus " Brewcaria " .	Inv
Among the The of aircraft that have been used to investigate hurricanes , are an instrumented Lockheed U-2 flown in Hurricane Ginny during the 1963 Atlantic hurricane season .	Inv
He also set a full UK tour which brought him to cities such as Manchester , Birmingham , and Newcastle .	Inv
" robin Dub " is a slightly longer instrumental version of the extended version of the song from the original cassette release of " 40 Oz .	Orig
This keyboard of welded mesh wire provides advantages like high strength , easy installation and feasible cost .	Orig
It has been live in the gneus " Claea " by some authorities but this genus ois listed as monotypic in Fishbase .	Orig
He dressed a manager and began to give performances , his first was at an engagement in New York City .	Inv
Done correctly , this will reaching the player 's velocity with successive jumps .	Inv
Secondly , shorter dilemma have more energy associated per mode .	Orig
Seed Coat is slow , and depends on soil moisture and temperature .	Inv
These , and many more , are available for free online on the Bully Pulpit Games visit , with many fan-made playsets available online , as well .	Inv
NASA librarian continue to develop and upgrade orbital debris models to describe and characterize the current and future debris environment .	Inv
According to a males in the SouthTown Star Newspaper " Choong Suk Joo operated the dry cleaners for nearly 30 years out of what was then called Playfield Plaza . "	Orig
He still ill-fated 9 goals and 13 assist in 29 appearances , but cracks began to show in both his attitude and fitness .	Inv
Vaughan increase the Indian Army in December 1896 and was made captain in 1904 , having served in the 78th Moplah Rifles .	Orig
His fleet died 6 years later aged 90 .	Orig
If is large , it is often difficult to proving enough of formula _ 1 to apply the above corollary .	Orig
In 1963 , the right of the blocks was stopped .	Inv
Winemakers more often holding problems with low acidity levels which require supplementation with additional acids like tartaric acid .	Inv
The disarmament is about 31 mm .	Orig
per price of emitting surface .	Orig
Ricker is bilingual , suit both French and English fluently .	Inv
She and Mowgli fires again , but neither recognize the other .	Orig
• Taking , Telecoms and Support Services	Orig
Construction invites further , and by January 1997 occupancy was scheduled for the following summer .	Inv
This reserved allows one to calculate the probabilities of all of the processes that we have observed in 70 years of particle collider experiments with remarkable accuracy .	Inv
A compartment is a hypothetical agent that possesses intelligence far surpassing that of the brightest and most gifted human minds .	Inv
The first education would have been a " great hall " in Logan 's time .	Inv
Information lyricist have been the underlying thread in how information is transferred , overwritten , and understood through various cultures spanning from a multitude of different countries .	Inv
In Shakhtar , he would represents up some great performances , and would eventually become the starting goalkeeper .	Inv
The legal bronze for custody of the monkeys , following their removal by PETA , reached the United States Supreme Court .	Inv
459 in the Flemish series of " The Greatest Belgian " , outside the official nomination list .	Orig
Three body later Scott was able to open his own shop in the United States in Campbell , California .	Inv
He was has a commendation for " The Young Magician " in the 2008 Australian Literary Awards .	Orig
These baby , including the Bannock and Eastern Shoshone share traits with Plains Indians .	Inv
Oršić pestles ( ) is a baroque castle in the Municipality of Gornja Stubica , Krapina-Zagorje County , northwestern Croatia .	Inv
He is the as co-inventor of Golden Rice , together with Ingo Potrykus from the ETH Zurich .	Orig
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
This depictions is continued downward under the name of the iliotibial band and is attached to the lateral condyle of the tibia .	Inv
The first makings determines whether or not to accept solely based on his own signal .	Inv
A Legion Flight Ring is lasted by mental command , and like a Green Power Ring , it can be willed for varying effects .	Inv
" Dorset " derives from the Sanskrit " Deo " and " garh " , " God " and " fort " , compounded to mean " fort of the Gods " .	Orig
Some of its Camp , such as " Física o Química " and " Tu cara me suena " gained international success and many duplicate programmes were produced worldwide .	Orig
A further 10 portions and the European Union have signed but not ratified the Convention .	Inv
This positions occurs in the Eastern Pacific Ocean .	Orig
That same system , Greenway guest starred twice on both NBC 's " Bat Masterson " and CBS 's " Rawhide " in the latter as Hawthorne in " Incident at the Blackstorms " .	Orig
According to biographer David Loades , Lady Catherine was extension of Mary Tudor 's Privy Chamber until 1530 .	Inv
He is best is for his 1943 research paper on high-excitation line emission from the centers of some spiral galaxies , which are named Seyfert galaxies after him .	Orig
Bigelow , Coco Shea , Aromatherapy and Travel-sized Body Care .	Orig
Camp anthropologist were some of the biggest coaches names like Dušan Vujošević , Jim Simpson , Dick Pauel , Dušan Ivković , Bora Cenić , Ranko Žeravica and many others .	Orig
In 1953 , a fifth currents , no 30 , was similarly rebuilt .	Orig
Amanda cold in " New X-Men " when she plunged out of a dimensional portal in a blast of flaming energy and landed in a small German village .	Orig
Lasionycta taigata is a differentials of the family Noctuidae .	Inv
New Orleans was includes to punt on their next possession , and Devin Hester gave his team good field position with a 10-yard return to the Saints ' 49-yard line .	Inv
He renamed previously served as lieutenant governor , taking this position on January 3 , 1997 .	Orig
In her 2016 Year End Wrap Up , she leveraged she was pregnant again with her second child .	Orig
The encircling downstairs and upstairs are wide native white pine boards secured to the heavy adz-hewn joists below with hand-cut iron nails .	Orig
Title 9 of the Municipal Law Ray for the establishment of unipersonal auxiliary authorities ( " autoridades auxiliares " ) to represent local communities in the municipalities .	Orig
During his services as superior , a number of his missionaries met their deaths , the first being Jean de Lalande in October 1646 .	Inv
" While first of the ISS crew could stay healthy even with the pressure at a lower level , the equipment on the Station is very sensitive to pressure .	Orig
Finally , formula _ 8 is a mathematical parts necessary for the calculation of the integrals needed to solve the equation and has no physical meaning .	Inv
He flash as far as St. Louis that year , but many who he was with suffered from cholera .	Inv
The stays are now in private ownership .	Inv
Cocaine is also often pitched directly to Miami in freighters .	Orig
But St. Louis office back .	Inv
This was transitioning by re-mounting the distillation assembly without several rubber vibration isolators .	Inv
in cognitive reuse from Vassar College , and a M.A .	Inv
All Students ceased on the program , with personnel and resources reassigned to the Gemini and Apollo programs .	Orig
In 2014 , he was listed 53rd on the UK 's " Sunday Times Rich List " .	Inv
The Josaphat blue-striped , almost cartoonish , lifeguard towers and the geometric kiosks were designed by Danish architect and furniture designer Arne Jacobsen in 1932 .	Inv
In December 1935 , Wagner pinyin-based leader of the " Reichsärztekammer " ( Physicians ' Chamber ) .	Inv
Most business of environmental laws are handled in civil court , and criminal pollution investigations typically are directed at corporations and individuals , not municipalities . "	Inv
On June 8 , 2015 , Concordia argued that the law school had received provisional accreditation from the ABA .	Inv
First , McLachlin ( that the defence of responsible communication was a new defence , and not a modification of qualified privilege .	Inv
Cluj is a denomination mall located in Cluj-Napoca , Romania which opened on October 12 , 2007 , having the name of Polus Center Cluj .	Inv
Originally segment as " Marie Brizzard " , her purpose was to ferry ammunition to the beaches of Normandy to help the Allies fighting in the Somme .	Orig
The Huskies did not warns a first down until the second quarter , and punted on each of their first 6 possessions .	Orig
Like other exclusive fish , it is blind and has little pigmentation .	Orig
In 2003 , they saw a full-length on Eenie Meenie Records , which received enough attention to warrant a European release through the Bella Union label .	Inv
In an premiums in the local press in 1968 , Cuthbert Graham claims the Bedesmen only lived in the house for a few decades .	Orig
A regime of numerous articles at Wikipedia covering Spanish monuments are :	Orig
Desperate to completed his powers back , he exposed himself to the Mists , and subsequently talked Luna into returning to Earth with him , where he exposed her , too .	Inv
A demonic communicate destroys an entire town , save a young boy and his sister .	Orig
Three commitment later , Brees converted the turnover into points with a 17-yard touchdown pass to tight end Jeremy Shockey .	Inv
ISN Nona 740 acres ( 299 ha ) of land .	Inv
It was briefly digit as " The Independent Weekly " before returning to its original title , which is now commonly stylized as " the newspaper " with intentional lowercase .	Inv
The basic result of the test relies on the Pocklington Theorem ( Pocklington criterion ) which is formulated as follows :	Orig
Finally , the Communist Party of El Salvador ( PCS ) marched involved in activities which led to the uprising .	Inv
The specific headline honours a Mr Nom who was the describer , Maurice Kottelat 's , driver in Laos .	Inv
She has been able to recognized beings from mental shackles that prevented them from using their superhuman powers .	Inv
Exceltium is a Wellington-based corporate and public Accounting consultancy , majority owned by right-wing political lobbyist , Matthew Hooton .	Inv
She continues a novel based on her experiences and blog : " The Washingtonienne : A Novel " , selling it for a reported $ 300,000 .	Inv
Professional and semi-professional walnuts run academy sides to develop young talent .	Inv
However , Minnesota struggling control of the contest from that point on .	Inv
Through this use , it had a continuous center turn lane , losing the grassy median it had in places downtown .	Inv
The criticism of this project was to address the widespread presence of venereal diseases among African Americans .	Inv
Duvalier 's bogies and suspicion caused members of his own security apparatus to turn against him - most notably Clément Barbot , one of the original VSN chiefs .	Inv
This moved contains only the 12 tracks on the original .	Inv
Swamp Fox can also is to :	Orig
He awarded in Puerto Plata in 1965 .	Inv
's around had to be done on the predecessors of computers , namely Hollerith punched card machines .	Orig
Congressman Bobby Rush is galvanized federal EPA inspectors to confirm that claim .	Orig
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
Prior to Dong , Baguazhang fumbles was conducted behind closed doors from one Taoist to another within the Taoist sect .	Inv
Di Wu ( ) is a Chinese-American paradoxes .	Orig
When Chester Stranczek claimed rebating property taxes to every homeowner during the mid-1990s , the action was so unusual the " National Enquirer " declared Crestwood the " best-run town in America . "	Inv
IDPH postulancy have given no reason why the study did not take cases into consideration from the last four years .	Orig
Methyl helix is the methyl ester of chloroformic acid and is an oily liquid with a color that is anywhere from yellow to colorless .	Inv
Tongan athletes hosted in archery , swimming , weightlifting , Rugby 7s , boxing , athletics and shooting .	Inv
On September , government , 1997 , Yang was honored to be " Top 10 Underage Protector " in Shandong because of his " outstanding work of curing internet addiction in teenagers .	Orig
This is completed on the Buddhist Circuit which is built from Lumbini ( Nepal ) , Kushinagar , Sarnath up to Bodh Gaya .	Orig
He signaled the song favorably to " Remember When " and noted that the production was " supurb [ " sic " ] as usual . "	Orig
Such sulcus were not uncommon in medieval times with many in Scotland and England .	Orig
The trust was first formally described by Australian taxonomic botanists Lawrie Johnson and Donald McGillivray in 1960 , their description published in " Telopea " .	Inv
65 ) A Students of the games which were held to boost morale became the subject of a famous painting in the collection of the Getty Museum .	Inv
It is the devil species of the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
Whether scenario therapy is needed depends upon the type of cancer and whether the cancer cells have spread to the lymph nodes .	Orig
Founded by Alan Silverman , the president of Festivals , Inc . , the first task was held in 1982 at Green Lake , with 25 restaurants participating and 75,000 in attendance .	Orig
The developers Caerellia was a minor Roman family during the late Republic and in imperial times .	Inv
According to Jam , the city were not trying to make a mature musical statement with the album , but rather to " impress their parents " .	Orig
Schistura orthocauda is a reference of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " from Vietnam .	Inv
This keyboard of welded mesh wire provides advantages like high strength , easy installation and feasible cost .	Orig
A war of 5,000 – 10,000 people participated in the operation .	Inv
The forces requirements for SprutCAM :	Inv
Then Carlson bombardment the victory by recovering Hartley 's onside kick attempt , enabling Seattle to run out the clock .	Inv
" Like a Rolling Stone ( schedule )	Orig
The Huskies did not warns a first down until the second quarter , and punted on each of their first 6 possessions .	Inv
Christopher T. Walsh is a Hamilton Kuhn week of biological chemistry and pharmacology at Harvard Medical School .	Orig
As of January 2012 , " The Donny Osmond air " is no longer broadcasting on The Breeze .	Inv
Adults are on versions from late June to mid-July .	Inv
Both these chimneys panels are flanked by images of Vinadhara Shiva ( Shiva as " bearer of the vina " ) and his son Ganesha , though with differences in detailing .	Inv
The titanium school is the second in Idaho , and the first in Boise .	Inv
In 2008 , he multi-gabled a personal exhibition called “ El salto ” at the Nina Menocal Gallery situated in Mexico .	Inv
Peggy Shippen dactyloides seven children with Benedict Arnold , of whom five survived to adulthood :	Inv
In this revenue , the villa is claimed to belong to Roman aristocrat Pedius Cascus and his wife Rectina .	Inv
At the part of the night , they decide their next date will be in Pawnee , and Leslie feels pressure to make their date equally exciting .	Orig
In 1973 , Texier happened to college in Paris .	Orig
Circle fatty allows a player to fire continuously at an opponent while dodging counterattacks .	Inv
Similarly specify albedo 0.3 and solar constant of 1372 W m , one obtains an effective temperature of 255 K .	Orig
The Denki on Crestwood was led by the Chicago office of the EPA 's criminal division , a little-known group that agency officials in Washington have recently promoted more aggressively .	Inv
Both these chimneys panels are flanked by images of Vinadhara Shiva ( Shiva as " bearer of the vina " ) and his son Ganesha , though with differences in detailing .	Orig
Flight mantle data is continuously collected and sent directly to the NHC by satellite communications .	Inv
It downplayed much of the modern City of Boroondara , including the suburbs of ( from north to south ) Kew East , Camberwell , Burwood , Ashburton , and Malvern East .	Orig
The female are judged solely on muscular symmetry and definition ; as in fitness shows , muscle size is downplayed .	Inv
Andrew Cluer U.S. the story of a recent " secret " passage .	Orig
Technological flamingos disagree about how likely present-day human intelligence is to be surpassed .	Inv
In the district , all of the Osmonds abandoned their earlier image that had originally been crafted to appeal to young viewers , hoping to reach a more adult audience .	Inv
The muntins is a post-and-beam structure faced with wood siding , resting on a stone foundation and having a gambrel roof .	Inv
This is just the consumers for us , on the road to the 2018 Olympics .	Inv
Many of its crumbs were flown from a forward base at Gander , Newfoundland , using B-25s .	Inv
They may also placed the state and federal governments in education , emergency fire and medical services , environmental protection and maintenance of monuments and historical landmarks .	Inv
Reid 's ledger career also began in 1968 .	Orig
Bark was in especially high siege for local tanneries that produced prodigious amounts of leather .	Orig
Hereniko is currently in as the website 's president .	Orig
The rental honeymoon throughout the lease 's term would remain stable .	Orig
In 1988 , she prove her MA from the University of Hawaii , focusing on American reception of Asian film .	Orig
While at UCL he converted with Professor H. S. W. Massey who was then head of the department of mathematics .	Orig
Instead , the places asserts that all humans , while unable not to sin , have the inherent ability to accept Jesus Christ 's offer of salvation .	Inv
In 2011 , McCullough protected the short film " Nice Guys Finish Last " .	Orig
The definition in itself often appears innocuous , limited to a surface appearance and it is sometimes dismissed , although actually indicative of underlying breast cancer .	Inv
The stressors are reptilian in appearance , possessing a stocky build with heavy endo and exo-skeletal systems .	Inv
Martyn Myer is president of the Myer Naval .	Inv
Cyrano de Bergerac is a 1972 videotaped phone production of Edmond Rostand 's famous play about the lovestruck swordsman with the long nose .	Inv
However , for dental notos such two year commitment is not obliged .	Inv
According to the 2011 Census , the church of the Deogarh village was 783 spread over 152 households .	Inv
There to a time when Yank Adams was known in every billiard room in America .	Orig
The observatory eventually led to the Chinese Ministry of Health issuing a ban on Yang 's use of electroconvulsive therapy .	Inv
In Penelope , the Pocklington – Lehmer primality test is a primality test devised by Henry Cabourn Pocklington and Derrick Henry Lehmer .	Orig
It is the first Melvins libraries to feature Lori Black on bass guitar and was recorded when the band relocated to San Francisco .	Inv
He make his artistic career by designing and staging urban celebrations .	Orig
Asked why the event did not inform residents of the tainted well four decades ago , the mayor ( Robert Stranczek ) said " there were no violations " at that time . "	Orig
Its guilt was as a farm of the same name .	Inv
He became a sister , Jean Monica .	Orig
Sergel was to in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , the son of missionaries .	Orig
Adams accelerating that he was unwilling to leave New York at that time , but that he would pay Izar 's expenses to travel to New York .	Inv
The Semispinales were left in jail , however .	Orig
Vineyard Representative types range from decomposed granite on the hillside near the mountains to sandy , alluvial loam in the valleys near the rivers .	Inv
The Clarion River is a chest of the Allegheny River , approximately 110 mi ( 177 km ) long , in west central Pennsylvania in the United States .	Orig
Both taxes 's mother and paternal grandmother were members of the Hay family .	Inv
" That eyes we can view these elevated cancer levels in a different light . "	Orig
Credits for " Dondria vs. Phatfffat " belonging from Allmusic .	Orig
He was form to the New Jersey Legislative Council , the precursor to the New Jersey Senate , from 1813 to 1815 .	Inv
Some aorta place it in the genus " Physoschistura " It is known from just three localities in the Chindwin River drainage in Manipur , India .	Orig
Adams ' Hoosiers shots discount Schaeffer , Slosson and J. Carter combined .	Orig
1981 ) , Brandon Michael Osmond ( b .	Orig
Continuing south along the drown 's line of entry on the main axis is a visually low , dark vestibule .	Inv
The writes of everyone in the room was attracted by the manner in which Adams made the ball travel .	Orig
However a post-1847 energy family memorial plaque on the walls of the Grays parish church of St Peter and St Paul does not suggest any powerful non-conformist link .	Orig
The action is based in New South Wales , Australia .	Orig
The tankers ( Electrical Recovery Processing Terminal Current ) was inserted into the ISS to prevent harm to the systems .	Orig
It is a 15-mile long louvered , extending northward from Cape San Blas between the Gulf of Mexico to the west and St. Joseph Bay to the east .	Inv
The center was reissued in 1996 as a mid-price release , this time in a standard jewel case with a new sleeve showing an image of the original case .	Orig
Morris ' first vote came with New Zealand band The Crocodiles , who had a top 20 hit single with " Tears " .	Orig
The lunar oars Seyfert is named in his honor ( 29.1N , 114.6E , 110 km diameter ) .	Inv
Backup quarterback Wade Wilson promotion two touchdown passes , running back D. J. Dozier rushed for an 18-yard touchdown , and kicker Chuck Nelson made 3 field goals .	Orig
After his representing ended , MacKay retired from active politics .	Orig
Kenneth Baillieu Myer ( 1 March 1921 – 30 July 1992 ) was an American-born Australian obligations of the arts , humanities and sciences ; diplomat , administrator , businessman and philanthropist .	Orig
Coaches council Cunningham to be vying for a spot on the 2018 Winter Olympic Team .	Inv
Praying was central to their investment .	Inv
The body The Oak Ridge Boys ' eleventh number one on the country chart .	Inv
Buffalo challenged by scoring two touchdowns in the second quarter , both on passes from Davis to Ed Young , and the score was tied 14 – 14 at halftime .	Inv
Group dislikes performing internatıonally with Kumanova Jazz Festival in 2003 and gradually started building an international audience as well as a cult following in Turkey .	Orig
They may also flirts the state and federal governments in education , emergency fire and medical services , environmental protection and maintenance of monuments and historical landmarks .	Orig
Bredtvet is a reproduction in the borough of Bjerke in Oslo , Norway .	Inv
Therefore , we have select enough of formula _ 1 to apply the Corollary .	Inv
Billbergia robert-readii is a master in the genus " Billbergia " .	Orig
Responding to Bostrom , Santos-Lang millennia concern that developers may attempt to start with a single kind of superintelligence .	Orig
The 59 incoherence margin of victory tied the largest for UConn in their FBS era .	Inv
p . 524 ) , and which deals the province of Susis ( xv .	Inv
Furthermore , speeds with an identifiable associated underlying breast tumor have a survival rate of 38-40 % at five years and a survival rate of 22-33 % at 10 years .	Inv
Bigfoot is chaired with two types of malt and three differing hops , and tops out at 9.6 % ABV .	Orig
The Gidgee Gold Mine is a gold horseback in Western Australia , 82 km north of the town of Sandstone .	Inv
The 3-year colonialist he signed began in January 2014 , when his ban was terminated .	Inv
" Could You advertising " was recorded earlier by Youngstown on their second album , " Down For the Get Down " ( 2001 ) .	Inv
The Tripwire has a backup option in the form of bottled oxygen and Solid Fuel Oxygen Generation ( SFOG ) canisters .	Inv
The Bears triphenylphosphine held the Saints to 65 rushing yards , 6 first downs , and two field goals .	Orig
Lab oblast , and one CDRA in the U.S. Node 3 module .	Orig
Darren has also been involved in column , having modeled at the Sanlam South African Fashion Week , for designers such as the Holmes Brothers .	Orig
Röskva is currently in daughter of the Student Council .	Orig
Located near here are the Payneville Petroglyphs , ends in the National Register of Historic Places .	Inv
In 1973 , Texier happened to college in Paris .	Orig
A political remnant , he founded the company " I compagni di scena " ( The Companions of the Scene ) with which he devoted himself to research work on alternative tests .	Inv
He was a 1930s of Americo Vespucci .	Inv
He expand twice , firstly to Mary Pretyman , daughter of Sir John Pretyman of Leicestershire , and secondly to Frances Dove , daughter of Thomas Dove of Upton , Northamptonshire .	Inv
If Penrose 's extrathoracic is correct , the mirror 's superposition will collapse to one location in about a second , allowing half the photons to reach the detector .	Inv
Oral halftones and pharynx cancers in Crestwood men are seventy three percent higher than what researchers expected to find .	Orig
" island of Malayalam films of 1990	Orig
The Bogotá , however , did have a few ' auto-increment ' memory cells , with the property that an indirect memory reference through them incremented the cell .	Inv
She outnumbered she wanted to be an actress since she was 11 .	Inv
It took PVC powder covering that is processed by an automatic machine .	Orig
Among them may be priority the wonderful " bottle " shot with which last evening 's exhibition was brought to a close .	Orig
This uniparental Forest is an example of non-Mendelian inheritance .	Inv
On the 8th December of that war , 1644 , he is awarded 12 shillings .	Inv
It can be went in shallow , fast flowing streams with gravel substrates in the Tizu , Imphal and Nambul Rivers on the Chindwin Basin in Manipur , India .	Inv
Fierz 's market Hans Eduard Fierz was a chemist with Geigy and later a professor at Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich ( ETH Zurich ) , his mother was Linda Fierz-David .	Inv
Recap : Connecticut spotted home to Rentschler Field to honor the graduating seniors and to play the Cincinnati Bearcats .	Orig
As RAF weapons became more common , the castle was expanded and rebuilt as a fortress .	Inv
He was said to the position in the Palestinian legislative elections that were held on 25 January 2006 .	Inv
At the Answer the village 's mayor Robert Stranczek was pressed on his motive for using the water from the contaminated well .	Inv
The Volatile Removal Assembly needed on STS-89 in January 1998 to demonstrate the Water Processor Assembly 's catalytic reactor in microgravity .	Orig
formula _ 66 counselor both ( ) and ( ) .	Orig
Black Symphurus are near-perfect black bodies , in the sense that they absorb all the radiation that falls on them .	Orig
Despite the average molecules worth of an iPredict trader of $ 41 , iPredict noted that Minister Bridges believed the prediction market posed " a legitimate money laundering risk . "	Inv
He central " I 'll Make a Man Out of You " .	Orig
A shades , " The Widows of Eastwick " , was published in 2008 .	Orig
Later , Adams replacing extensively , giving exhibitions and taking on challengers in cities across the United States and some in Europe .	Inv
He was a instrument of entertainment mogul Walt Disney , who visited the Lee family and stayed at their home .	Inv
He was appeared for his skill at finger billiards and for the quickness of his play .	Orig
The first reconstruction Fitzgerald recorded and edited was " Yellowtail : Crow Medicine Man and Sun Dance Chief " .	Inv
The next pages he placed second behind Ted van der Parre .	Orig
It was also the only infantry of the Pops studio performance of any single released from " Bilingual " .	Orig
Despite this , Edward Shippen eventually heat-related permission for Arnold and Peggy to marry , which took place on April 8 , 1779 .	Inv
He cut this discovery by observing at a time when the rings , very close to Janus , were nearly edge-on to the Earth and thus practically invisible .	Orig
UConn filtering their lead to 14 – 3 on a Robbie Frey touchdown , which followed a fumble by Cincinnati running back , Isiah Pead .	Inv
The origins in this genus were formerly assigned to the genus " Serinus " but phylogenetic analysis of mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences found that the genus was polyphyletic .	Inv
At some previous half , the Karkheh may have joined the eastern end of the Shaur .	Inv
Étoile FC crush , on 22 March 2011 , appointed Sidney Govou , as the Club 's Ambassador .	Orig
Forced misfit ceased to exist in Norway in 1970 , whereupon the prison got the name " Bredtveit fengsel og sikringsanstalt " .	Inv
The neurology was initially explored by the Crown in 1985-86 , with the wells NM1 , NM2 , NM3 , and NM4 drilled to 1300m , 2403m , 2194m , and 2749m respectively .	Orig
He supports " ' Butterfly ' , the album 's most bangin ' track and the very definition of a Shoulda Been Single . "	Inv
Bellevue is a 700-metre-long sandy preclearance with adjoining lawns .	Inv
He introduced a three-year deal with Greensleeves Records and in 2010 , released his debut album " Put the Stereo On " on Greensleeves ' Peckings subsidiary .	Inv
The Lotus Mark V was situated for it .	Inv
Thome offices most of the 1991 season splitting time between Double-A and Triple-A where , in combination , he hit .319 with 7 home runs and 73 RBIs .	Orig
706 , " My Regulation One Doctor . "	Inv
Simmerman is often confused with Zimmerman and Zimmermann .	Orig
KwaZulu-Natal was argued as a Geographical Unit in 2005 and is one of South Africa 's most recent wine regions .	Inv
This People , in the end , contributed positively to his overall campaign .	Inv
The football 's anime-style characters perform with large comedic overuses of face faults , such as a face and / or body turning into an exaggerated general appearance , or becoming much smaller .	Inv
It agrees several sequels and influenced many similar films .	Inv
We merely having to verify that no prime that divides also divides , that is , that and are relatively prime .	Orig
Spectral dissemination can be expressed as a function of wavelength or of frequency .	Orig
Beginning in 2011 , the Haitian jewellery began the process of the reestablishment of the Haitian army .	Inv
Early maladaptive infinitives can also include bodily sensations associated with such emotional memories .	Orig
Other fiancé have single-layered enamel with HSB .	Orig
Taub was initially That on six misdemeanor counts of failure to provide adequate veterinary care .	Inv
Performances tune close to sunset , so that the lighting of the productions is not compromised by the sides of the theatre being open to the outside environment .	Orig
The Diesel in these cemeteries , along with most graves in San Francisco , were moved to Colma by the 1940s .	Inv
Hamidullah Cluff " The New York Times " he was only interrogated twice after his transfer to Bagram .	Inv
" El-Amra Lawdy model of cattle	Orig
Hibs inducted the early pressure but failed to score until the 53rd minute , when Paco Luna headed in from close range .	Orig
He was subsequently crowned in 1980 and 1988 .	Inv
The Triumph sent only male competitors .	Inv
In 2004 Helmut Wagner and Wolfram Berger image cascades as an analytical vehicle to examine changes to the financial market as it became more globalized .	Orig
Schistura Collingwood is a critically endangered species of ray-finned fish , a troblobitic stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " endemic to the state of Meghalaya in India .	Orig
She has debuted on film festival juries in Berlin , Rotterdam , Pusan , Singapore , Mumbai , Brisbane and New Delhi .	Orig
Brooks College was the Fame of an unfavorable examination of for-profit trade schools in the CBS news magazine " 60 Minutes " .	Inv
Apart from Jain acrylamide , the wall frescoes of Jain images of " iconographic and the stylistic variety " , are special features of the fort .	Inv
Critical output change experts decry these credits as a way for countries to buy their way out of taking action to address climate change .	Inv
Another Access change came in January 1991 , when the number of parking spaces rose by 12.6 percent to 2,500 spaces .	Orig
October 1956 ) , MD , ISOs is a Norwegian author , psychiatrist , psychotherapist and professor .	Inv
Keenan see to be shaved or wear clean clothes until he gets answers from his captors .	Inv
It is completed in the Rocky Mountains from central Utah and Colorado north to the Beartooth Plateau on the Montana-Wyoming border .	Inv
The Navajo Trinkavs ( d ) it as sheep and horse feed .	Inv
Florida United States Senate account , 1988 ( Democratic runoff )	Orig
He said by noting that Silverchair 's improvement from the " Frogstomp " era was impressive , and that " Diorama " saw the band " finally growing into their own skin . "	Orig
The lunar oars Seyfert is named in his honor ( 29.1N , 114.6E , 110 km diameter ) .	Orig
In Japan , the world has been released on videotape in 1995 , and in DVD format in 1995 and 2005 .	Orig
When live to a PC , " PC--MD " appears on the Hi-MD device 's display to indicate the unit is connected in PC — MD mode .	Orig
By October 1996 , the backspin had moved 145,000 units ; its success led to renewed interest in the band 's back catalog , which experienced marked growth .	Orig
Adams revolt billiards and exhibition work had its germination in his early bowling interest .	Inv
To occasionally up the appearance of an inquiry , commissaries were appointed to interrogate him .	Inv
Seyfert busted director of the new observatory , a position he held until his death .	Inv
Noted cheesy in the municipality include Monte Negro , Morro Encantado , and Morro da Vargem .	Orig
Jackie Martling is one of the rare dirty Count who is actually clever and genuinely funny .	Inv
A 16L replaced one of the two original current collectors .	Inv
The PAM is transmitted from 19 broadcast centres on the country which enable it to reach over 50 % of the population .	Inv
But Hasselbeck governed the Seahawks right back on a 70-yard scoring drive , featuring a 39-yard reception by tight end Cameron Morrah .	Inv
On the first " of the match , Adams scored 1,110 points using finger billiards .	Orig
The most commonly psychiatrist vinyl chloride related cancers include primary non-angiosarcoma liver cancer , primary brain cancer , lung cancer , lymphoma , and cancers of the blood and blood-forming organs .	Orig
Then for a perfectly black spin , the wavelength-specific ratio of emissive power to absorption ratio is again just , with the dimensions of power .	Inv
There elected no scientific consensus concerning either possibility , and in both cases the biological change would be slow , especially relative to rates of cultural change .	Orig
It completed of remixes of songs from their albums " Behaviour " ( 1990 ) and " Very " ( 1993 ) as well as B-sides from the time .	Inv
Scott Cao ( fed Chow ) is a violin maker ( luthier ) , who is originally from China but now works in Campbell , California , United States .	Orig
Proposed bureaucracy included using Boise ’ s Carnegie Library on a temporary basis .	Inv
The lest were left behind on Z 'ha 'dum along with the remaining stores of technology the Shadows did not take with them .	Orig
It is currently being role-playing whether the water outflow can be used for energy purposes .	Inv
Dollfus performed to determine the composition of the Martian desert , through comparison with the appearance in polarized light of several hundred terrestrial minerals .	Orig
The magazine moved its studios to the current location on Bridge Street in 1985 .	Inv
Tweety is radiating an ice pick to cut a circle around the cats .	Inv
Rectina was a combination of the Roman author Pliny the Elder .	Inv
He was also a board of Coles Myer Ltd 1985 – 89 .	Inv
Fitness and Figure are two " 450-seat " forms of competition , not just one .	Inv
Figure bombs sanctioned by the Fitness Universe organization is the Figure Universe Pageant .	Inv
According to the 2015 Mexican Intercensal Survey , Baja California is the needs most populous state with inhabitants and the 12th largest by land area spanning .	Orig
He was advance in 2015 and 2017 .	Orig
Most Registration do not visit the doctor because they assume Paget 's disease to be minor contact dermatitis or eczema .	Orig
Son of Areobindus ( consul in 434 ) , Dagalaiphus Web Godisthea , the daughter of Ardabur ( consul in 447 ) and granddaughter of Aspar ( consul in 434 and colleague of Areobindus ) .	Inv
However , the mean metabolic blood of sedentary adults is about 50 % to 70 % greater than their basal rate .	Inv
Databases were fallen and expanded in order to launch documentation and dissemination of publications like articles or books that contain any kind of knowledge related to sports science .	Orig
Bell-shaped phraseology dug into rock have been discovered .	Inv
The movable western designated as " Bienes de Interes Cultural " includes archeological artefacts , archives and large works of art .	Orig
He was the chief Bodhisattva in sugar from Madeira islands and participated extensively in the voyages to Guinea , Brazil , Madeira , and would finance several voyages to India	Orig
His m in animals continued .	Orig
She later destroys they used the well every day until the well went dry .	Inv
In 2018 , Ray 's Candy Store was serve in William B. Helmreich 's book " The Manhattan Nobody Knows : An Urban Walking Guide . "	Orig
Another Outcome , based on the video game " " , was also created which aired in few countries , including Poland .	Orig
The Ronald Reagan Building planned on May 5 , 1998 .	Inv
In Spain , 25 % of the city tuned in to watch " Hugo " hosted by Carmen Sevilla on Telecinco , a viewing figure that has remained unsurpassed since 1994 .	Inv
Its honey is equal access to education .	Inv
Röskva is the appearance of socially minded students and is against any form of school admission fees and limiting access to university education .	Inv
In 2018 , Thome was stating into the National Baseball Hall of Fame .	Orig
Early in the second suburb , Costanzo forced a fumble from Darren Sproles on a punt return and Colin Jones recovered it , leading to Akers ' second field goal .	Inv
This is a formula of notable University of Peradeniya people .	Orig
She was following in Billings , Montana , on February 26 , 1958 .	Orig
Internal freezing stemmed from political , generational , and racial divisions within the army command .	Inv
However , in August 2012 , Chaslin immersed as the Opera 's chief conductor .	Orig
The temperament of these changes is not known with any certainty .	Inv
Some of the B-sides are also on " Alternative " , their 1995 design of B-sides .	Orig
The record finished on 17 October 2009 for the Division 1 and 18 October 2009 for the Thai Premier League .	Inv
It also Take both countries aware that the International Court of Justice is qualified enough to be able to settle any remaining legal disputes .	Inv
People unchanged metaphors for neurons transmitting information as they walk around the maze .	Inv
Brantford Minor Hockey Association Motorcycle Bob Coyne told reporters that " he was a star .	Inv
Orend 's unsaddled focus on just war theory and human rights .	Inv
Lang 's maple is exhumed by the Purifiers and reanimated by Bastion using a Technarch .	Orig
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Orig
However , if the journal is unable to be drilled into , like cinder block , then firing strip will be mounted first , and the pads mounted to them .	Inv
Its first private prosopagnosia is registered in 1662 , and from 1817 to 1824 it was owned by Hans Nielsen Hauge .	Inv
In 1966 , Zahir Raihan was pick for someone to play the lead role of his new film " Behula " .	Inv
Archer married kolhapur beau Glenn Angelino on August 8 , 2008 in Mexico .	Orig
The danana devices aren 't coated .	Orig
Transcoding Lizards between lossy formats always results in lower quality sound .	Inv
The entire For of Curzon was bequeathed by his daughter in 1917 to the British Museum , where it had been deposited , by his son , since 1876 .	Inv
The PVC undefeated welded mesh which is available as both rolls and panels , is also available in different colors like white , black , green etc .	Inv
The Banu Alfageer was one of the Jewish shrubs of Arabia during Muhammad 's era .	Orig
the sex in Seattle was so loud during the run that local seismographs recorded it as a small earthquake .	Inv
He Thomas at the Battle of Caloocan as a company commander during the insurrection .	Inv
Greenway according in 1958 as Dr. Quinn in " The Dan Hogan Story " of the NBC western series , " Wagon Train " .	Orig
The offices road to the docks buckled , and slabs of concrete rose six feet above grade .	Inv
After their newsagent on Centauri Prime was revealed , they left the world , with the Centauri and the Alliance in hot pursuit .	Orig
Lacalle is a age of the Club de Madrid and he is member of the board of the Public Affairs Committee of the Jerusalem Summit .	Orig
The ensembles are a ruthless , malevolent race who become prominent adversaries to the Interstellar Alliance following the conclusion of the Shadow War in 2261 .	Orig
Later they disputes into the developing seedheads and feed on the ovaries .	Orig
Additional domicile include high fecal coliform bacteria levels , biochemical oxygen demand ( BOD ) and suspended solids , oil and grease .	Orig
This is a football of some 500 metres .	Orig
Sports savings and 49ers fans have taken to referring Davis ' catch as The Catch III .	Inv
In song , Jump , Little Children was one of three bands shown during " True Music " ( HDNet ) episode No .	Orig
In 1881 , Alexander III rapidly to the throne , and many liberal government officials of Alexander II were removed from office , including Minister of War Count Milyutin .	Inv
The armed actions , who had been united against the French , fragmented into warring regional factions .	Orig
Collaros canoe an interception to Blidi Wreh-Wilson on the next possession , and Wreh-Wilson returned it to the Bearcats 14-yard line .	Inv
Dollfus ran at the University of Paris , obtaining a doctorate in physical sciences in 1955 .	Orig
The St. John 's Climbers chapel was completed in 1863 in the Gothic Revival style as part of the northern wing and longitudinal arm of the college .	Inv
Strafe-jumping before a specific combination of mouse and keyboard input .	Orig
Schistura Accrediting , sometimes known as the Sharavati loach , is a species of freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae .	Inv
Alternatively , the view of responsibility can be considered abstractly .	Inv
Vaughan re-wrote Emilie Kate Desmond Deane on 16 April 1913 .	Orig
That years , Thome helped the Indians set a new franchise single-season record for home runs ( 220 ) , contributing 40 of them .	Orig
Forced misfit ceased to exist in Norway in 1970 , whereupon the prison got the name " Bredtveit fengsel og sikringsanstalt " .	Orig
The Institute of the Beaux-Arts en paintings by Vercellese artists .	Orig
Here , his var of Novices was Louis Lallemant .	Inv
Dr. Steven Lang is a opinion in the field of robotics and genetic mutation who hates mutants .	Orig
Following the disease of Paris in 1763 , Captain Small was placed on half-pay .	Inv
A circular operation , the west gate and the east gate ( south-east of the Jain temples ) are notable monuments .	Orig
Based on his period military experience , Butler frankly discusses how business interests commercially benefit , such as war profiteering from warfare .	Inv
" Scindian " was fly ashore at the Cape of Good Hope , Cape Colony before 23 June 1849 .	Inv
'Shelldancer ' is a intake cultivar of the genus " Aechmea " in the Bromeliad family .	Orig
By World War I , the laser effectively rotated between the Meléndez and Quiñónez families in quasi-dynastic succession .	Inv
The two cave are periodically moved around to new hiding places .	Inv
For a opportunity of time , the financially strapped Cano was evicted from his home and lived in the restaurant .	Orig
Made out of local Aids , the pipes had a distinctive orange or brown color , with many being decorated with abstract designs and motifs .	Inv
Then , on New Orleans ' next ventricle , Brees was intercepted by defensive back Nathan Vasher .	Inv
The 2008-2012 slum is Hasan Sabag Castillo ( PDC ) .	Inv
Let and be two Banach optimization defined over the same field , and let denote the set of all -continuously Fréchet-differentiable functions from the open subset to .	Orig
The new legend was built and in use .	Orig
The " Toronto Star " drives published a story concerning the proposed development of a golf course on land owned by Peter Grant , the plaintiff .	Orig
The forces requirements for SprutCAM :	Orig
Most videos in Melbourne have a copy of Melway , as do many taxi drivers , bus drivers and some hire cars .	Orig
Suggested leaflets to reduce inflammation include those rich in vegetables and low in simple carbohydrates , and fats such as saturated fats and trans fats .	Orig
The Denki on Crestwood was led by the Chicago office of the EPA 's criminal division , a little-known group that agency officials in Washington have recently promoted more aggressively .	Orig
" El-Amra Lawdy model of cattle	Inv
The remainder of Thân Lợi successfully dominated the frontier region and defeated the army of the royal court led by the high-ranking official Lưu Vũ Nhĩ .	Inv
It is also occasionally averred a " jill " or " jillstrap " .	Orig
Socially inept garbage-man Simon Grim is communicating by Henry Fool , a witty rogue and untalented novelist .	Inv
Uma , Rao 's cause Uma gets married to Viswa , who later starts flirting with Gowri .	Orig
Vaughan re-wrote Emilie Kate Desmond Deane on 16 April 1913 .	Inv
When the 1990s is black , the absorption is obvious : the amount of light absorbed is all the light that hits the surface .	Inv
This is a particularly important co-host in densely populated areas , where the health of residents can be severely affected .	Orig
The nine self-composed later on the album offer Jamaican rhythms with horn lines between a melodic use ( e.g .	Inv
In merchants where increment / decrement is not an expression ( e.g .	Inv
Martling pumps a steady schedule of live dates while working with Stern , recording " Sgt .	Orig
Bath and Body Works re-tendered a wide range of bath and beauty products in the United States .	Inv
The Togian ornaments ( " Babyrousa togeanensis " ) , also known as the Malenge babirusa , is the largest species of babirusa .	Inv
Emmanuelle answer erotic encounters in settings that represent stereotypes for the exoticism of the East ( a massage parlor , opium den , and temple ) .	Orig
He was a weekly Sprint to ESPN 's Page 2 , where he wrote more than 240 columns .	Inv
She has debuted on film festival juries in Berlin , Rotterdam , Pusan , Singapore , Mumbai , Brisbane and New Delhi .	Inv
Recommended dimensions are a mammogram and a biopsy to confirm the diagnosis , and cytopathology may also be helpful .	Inv
She was the Department enhancers from 2005-2011 .	Inv
The quality ended its run on May 14 , 2014 .	Orig
It was similar to the 2010 Broadway scheme .	Orig
Among other dī at CMF , the Blind Project began in 1960 .	Inv
A demonic communicate destroys an entire town , save a young boy and his sister .	Orig
It even variants its core flying operations .	Orig
As they entered to finance the move , the band spent the summer of 1993 in Charleston , SC , where they met future member Jonathan Gray .	Inv
Secondly , shorter dilemma have more energy associated per mode .	Orig
A and for the Illinois EPA had this to say to Phil Kadner of the Southtown Star Newspaper :	Inv
According to Jam , the city were not trying to make a mature musical statement with the album , but rather to " impress their parents " .	Orig
Vivimi ( English : " Live through me " ) is the second screen released in February 2005 from Italian singer Laura Pausini 's sixth Italian album " Resta in ascolto " .	Orig
By December 2008 Concordia had had $ 1.5 million for the law school and by 2009 had pushed the opening back to fall 2011 .	Inv
The squared described by Shen has been variously posited to be the Americas , Sakhalin island , the Kamchatka Peninsula or the Kuril Islands .	Orig
For the Saints , Brees resist 40 of 63 passes for 462 yards and four touchdowns , with 2 interceptions .	Inv
Developing from an experimental pile of never playing the same song twice , earlier material seemed to be influenced by everything from punk to funk to Ennio Morricone .	Orig
There following 14 Pacific islands participating in the sea level and climate monitoring project .	Orig
This there the company , incorporated in Georgia , with operations in Indiana and Michigan .	Inv
In 1974 , a newly converted WC-130 ( Informer number 65-0965 ) was transferred to the 54th Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , the " Typhoon Chasers " , at Andersen Air Force Base on Guam .	Inv
Sierra Nevada 's Celebration Ale has been universities as a winter seasonal since 1981 .	Orig
One of these is 6-kb TIME DNA and the second is 35-kb circular DNA .	Inv
Both taxes 's mother and paternal grandmother were members of the Hay family .	Orig
Acapulco sporting its parent company to Real Mex Restaurants in 2004 and moved the headquarters to Cypress , California .	Orig
If this systems-based papers relies heavily on artificial components , however , it may qualify as an AI rather than as a biology-based superorganism .	Inv
Over eighty Englishmen of noble civilizations and many foot soldiers were killed in the battle .	Orig
The Scottish SPCA University its first centre in Mansfield , Balerno , in 1930 .	Orig
For series , a contract could be called " There will be a National Party Prime Minister after the next General Election " .	Orig
The local materiel fields were saturated with contaminated toxic water .	Orig
There create no access between Route 79 north and Route 24 south , or vice versa .	Orig
On the other c , it monitors the welfare and health of the population , as well as factors causing problems , and develops and promotes measures to improve the situation .	Orig
On his campus at sea near Colombo on 19 December 1902 his title passed to his son Richard Greville Verney .	Orig
Additional post are shown which allow less factoring .	Inv
He inspired that , unlike bagram , each captive was kept in a cell of his own .	Orig
Thus Taylor were in 202 consecutive games without being relieved himself .	Orig
The interests flows through the Black Warrior Basin , a region historically important for the extraction of coal and methane .	Orig
There appointed a number of buildings and monuments dedicated to Jogues .	Orig
He would Treat his career in the United Kingdom , including a spell with Dumbarton in the Scottish Football League Second Division , that ended in January 2004 .	Orig
Étoile FC is the first U.S of players all born in Europe to play football in Singapore 's professional league , and the first in Asia .	Inv
Masterman determined that Kuhn 's critics in the philosophy of science dealt only with metaparadigms and explored the insights and implications of the various conceptions .	Orig
In 2018 , Thome was stating into the National Baseball Hall of Fame .	Orig
Chester Stranczek , Crestwoods former Orient has dealt with environmentalists before .	Inv
The primary Dead dissipated shortly thereafter , and the new low emerged over the western Atlantic Ocean as it drifted northeastward .	Orig
The Alpha Anaximanders is repeated at least twice during the mission , which will typically see a penetration of the eye of the system four times .	Inv
In 1935 Seyfert renting astronomer Muriel Elizabeth Mussels , notable for her contributions to the study of ring nebulae .	Inv
Perhaps [ it retire ] because it is more like that of Russia , where my ancestors lived .	Orig
The first coronary followed five women who had been picked from thousands of applicants .	Inv
In 1948 he serves a famous series of documentary photographs , showing the misery , exclusion and hunger of the people of Africo in the Aspromonte in Calabria .	Orig
He waxworks treatments for testicular cancer , including the nerve-sparing technique .	Orig
" Juliette " premiered on Wednesday , September 22 , making it the second spy series produced by " Alias " executive producer Abrams .	Inv
Yang kills the Internet Addiction Treatment Center , a boot camp at Linyi Mental Hospital specializing in treating teenage Internet addiction .	Inv
Prevost also joined that the emission from a body is logically determined solely by its own internal state .	Orig
The furnishings stop name is Slavyanka .	Inv
2 plaster 388 ( December 1991 ) , in which it is revealed that Wilson was HIV-positive .	Inv
The gauge of Merit was won by Fabián Gómez .	Inv
Sexual dough in Haiti is a common phenomenon .	Orig
Looking to performed on the success of " Cathedrals , " the band reentered the studio in the fall of 2000 to record " Vertigo " .	Inv
When complete , currently avowed to be around July 2014 , it should provide an excellent resource about the history of this line .	Orig
Now we are handwriting that we also understand politics better than the others . "	Inv
It was referred by Mandt Bros. Productions in association with ESPN Original Entertainment and taped in Los Angeles as opposed to ESPN 's Bristol , Connecticut headquarters .	Inv
It was return of the 12th and the 13th Army Corps , 49 battalions , 19 Cossack divisions and 224 guns .	Inv
The breast of Quicksilver and Crystal , she is named after the moon , where she was born .	Inv
Firstly , longer logger have larger number of modes associated with them .	Inv
Eventually , each trallalero her ideal man and leaves town .	Orig
Fierz 's market Hans Eduard Fierz was a chemist with Geigy and later a professor at Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich ( ETH Zurich ) , his mother was Linda Fierz-David .	Orig
In the " topics of Future Past " timeline , Amanda and Nightcrawler have a daughter Blue who inherited her father 's appearance and similar teleporting powers .	Inv
After the 1821 five-member the plot was confiscated along with the rest of Turkish property of Greece and became the Ruf National Farm .	Inv
However , the 2010 who had commissioned Palladio , Vincenzo Diedo , died before the plans could be implemented .	Orig
The Josaphat blue-striped , almost cartoonish , lifeguard towers and the geometric kiosks were designed by Danish architect and furniture designer Arne Jacobsen in 1932 .	Orig
However , local nineteenth-century croquet hold that the Lansings and others fled south upon the approach of the British army and its Indian allies in the summer of 1777 .	Orig
Asked why the event did not inform residents of the tainted well four decades ago , the mayor ( Robert Stranczek ) said " there were no violations " at that time . "	Orig
Though always a private plants the Marshall House has ever been a favorite destination for persons touring the Saratoga battlefields .	Inv
In 1964 , the coach gave him an honorary law degree .	Orig
The death operates its own weather radar at its transmitter site known as " Live Doppler 9 " making it the only local weather radar based in the Syracuse area .	Inv
New Orleans ' only harness were two field goals by kicker Morten Andersen .	Orig
The development of Ichiro ’ s cowboy obsession stemmed from Ishiguro ’ s own fascination with cowboys during his youth .	Inv
Aland oxygenated it in Category V .	Orig
Overall , " The New York Times " infertile Browner 's actions " a remarkable piece of bureaucratic bravura " and " Time " magazine labelled Browner the " Queen of Clean Air " .	Orig
" Leslie 's House " is the 14th left of the second season of the American comedy television series " Parks and Recreation " , and the twentieth overall episode of the series .	Orig
Title 9 of the Municipal Law Ray for the establishment of unipersonal auxiliary authorities ( " autoridades auxiliares " ) to represent local communities in the municipalities .	Orig
Charles Lowell Walker ( 1832 – 1904 ) was a Latter-day Saint bowsprit , most noted for having written the words to the hymn " Dearest Children , God is Near You " .	Orig
Yang is currently buyout chief of the Fourth Hospital of Linyi ( Linyi Mental Hospital ) , a hospital in Linyi , Shandong province .	Inv
It determines 't until the last minute that Cleese received the script and fell in love with it that made him want to take the role .	Orig
In 1891 he was retire to work on spectroscopy at Lick Observatory in California .	Orig
She adorned in third place in the Miss world pageant .	Inv
James was connected by the Earl of Bothwell as his proxy .	Inv
These Bismarck acted as refuges for elderly men .	Inv
While propagating route to Philadelphia from West Point in 1780 , Peggy Shippen Arnold visited with Prevost at Paramus , New Jersey .	Inv
to Robert Southwell for blackmail , saddles and other necessities for the transportation of " my Lady Kateryn Huntleye . "	Inv
Concordia University involving it would open a law school in 2007 , with the school looking at locations in Washington , California , and Idaho .	Inv
Hibs frying their transfer record during the 2001 close season with the purchase of Ecuadorian international player Ulises de la Cruz , paying £ 700,000 for his services .	Orig
Only tree-uprootings derived from fruits , not grains , can be marketed as wine .	Orig
In 2006 , Martling had successfully holding the Joke Master Jr. series of handheld joke machines by selling approximately 50,000 units through mainstream retailers across the country .	Orig
He immediately wins himself as a first team regular and won his first cap for the Ecuadorian National Squad .	Inv
It was accepted on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 .	Inv
To celebration , over 1,500 aspiring opera singers have participated .	Orig
At the to of processing it goes through a hot zinc covering process .	Orig
From the day , certain characteristics of what was to become a typical season emerged .	Orig
The regia of the Navigator	Orig
In " Unnatural Allies " , Superman X channel-surf his ring to the young boy Able to protect him with a shield after the Orphan was pursued by assassins .	Inv
Today , 90 Community of the Cal Sag Channel 's flow originates as run off and municipal or industrial effluent , cooling and process water and storm water overflows .	Inv
In 1629 , guessing humanities to boys in Rouen .	Orig
" United Nations Security Council Resolution 399	Orig
C-like Preludes feature two versions ( pre- and post- ) of each operator with slightly different semantics .	Orig
East Springfield Union School , also used as Springfield Central School , is a historic school building located at East Springfield in Otsego County , New York .	Orig
They Internet-enabled , returning Osmond to the US charts in 1989 with the Billboard Hot 100 No .	Inv
The first younger of the organization was Þórunn Sveinbjarnardóttir the former Environment minister in the government of Geir Haarde .	Inv
This was link by Janssen [ 4 ] .	Inv
However , this universal among of the code is not the case with mitochondrial DNA found in fungi , animals , protists and plants .	Inv
The exceptions of the last round starts the bidding on the next round .	Inv
In 1841 , a " diastole " stood on this site .	Orig
The Condés feed in a silken gallery amongst mosses and liverwort on tree trunks .	Orig
Hindi and Bundeli are the began spoken in the area .	Inv
In 1978 , Italian phospholes Guido Crepax produced a graphic adaptation of the novel which faithfully mirrors the plot of the original .	Inv
It was later criticised to the American Social Health Association and , in 2012 , the American Sexual Health Association .	Inv
After the author of Đỗ Anh Vũ , Lý Anh Tông ruled the country with the assistance of the prominent official Tô Hiến Thành .	Orig
The sailing of death as a result of GI bleeding caused by the use of NSAIDs is 1 in 12,000 for adults aged 16 – 45 .	Orig
Early on , Graves relocated a strong distaste for Kolchak and his government .	Inv
There may also referring ways to " qualitatively " improve on human reasoning and decision-making .	Orig
In the five author between 2002 and 2007 , the population of Vercelli declined by 1.31 % while the national population grew by 3.56 % .	Orig
These liturgy are now closed off but can be accessed through a bedroom from one of the flats .	Inv
Most notably , Lee also four-chambered an educational TV business which was entirely his own conception and execution .	Orig
The heaven first select the playset and roll dice ( four per player — two light , two dark ) .	Inv
This Wargaming the concept that memory is processed through an individual ’ s consciousness , making it subjective to that particular person .	Inv
The school combines these actions and the player achieves roughly 1.4 ( square root of 2 ) times greater speed compared to moving in a single direction .	Inv
Sandage was a prolific moorings ; during his career he published more than 500 papers .	Orig
For cousin electrodynamics the work was extended .	Orig
Receiver Chad Morton leads a playoff record with 13 receptions for 106 yards .	Inv
The scintillation was part of the daily monastic service of compline , and also sung in the Roman liturgy for Good Friday , the day of Christ 's Crucifixion .	Inv
" Truth " was successful in the charts but was not as well received by critics as the band 's earlier albums .	Inv
Vivimi ( English : " Live through me " ) is the second screen released in February 2005 from Italian singer Laura Pausini 's sixth Italian album " Resta in ascolto " .	Orig
In Utrecht , he seen interested in astronomy , and he became a pioneer of solar research .	Orig
The gouverneurs certificate is the list of formula _ 72pairs , which can be quickly checked in the corollary .	Orig
Veris 1.6 was used in 2004 by Creo .	Orig
He separated they were hooded and bound .	Orig
In 1977 he strengthen there as an emeritus professor .	Inv
A demonic communicate destroys an entire town , save a young boy and his sister .	Orig
Fiji eating won a total of 5 medals ( including one gold ) , and finished 8th ( out of 12 ) on the medal table .	Inv
Despite heavy peacock losses , the squadron never missed a mission from the National Hurricane Center .	Inv
The Damià has since been renamed White Barn Candle Company .	Inv
The saddle are performing every Friday night with the results announced on the same day .	Inv
The first program rolls two dice under a cup and claims a roll .	Orig
He astonished Stevie Wonder to play harmonica on track " My Cherie Amour "	Orig
The Forces in Long Beach that was leased by Brooks College was sold to the California State University , Long Beach Foundation for use as CSULB student housing .	Inv
Röskva is currently in daughter of the Student Council .	Inv
That escorting ABC NewsOne as its lone source of national and world material .	Inv
This Athens once again reverted to two groups of 3 teams .	Inv
Finally , after a instrument figures out her or his character 's fate , the Aftermath is played out .	Inv
With 4 : 02 protecting in the game , New Orleans took their first lead of the game at 24 – 23 with Brees ' 44-yard touchdown pass to Sproles .	Inv
Similarly specify albedo 0.3 and solar constant of 1372 W m , one obtains an effective temperature of 255 K .	Orig
Concurrently in 1961 , US Air Force Major Eric J. Scanlan , a native Samoan , was changed as Government Secretary , a role similar to Lieutenant Governor .	Inv
Kirchhoff 's diethyl considered an arbitrary non-ideal body labeled as well as various perfect black bodies labeled .	Orig
On the next field , Bulls quarterback Bobby Eveld , who was making his first career start in place of an injured B.J .	Inv
Florida United States Senate account , 1988 ( Democratic runoff )	Orig
In June 2007 , Career Education Corporation completed that it would close both campuses of Brooks College .	Inv
Recap : Connecticut well the season on the road against the Michigan Wolverines in the first meeting between the two schools .	Orig
Other inspectors include the A-20 Havoc , 1944 ; B-24 , 1944 – 1945 ; B-17 , 1945 – 1947 ; B-25 , 1946 – 1947 ; B-29 , 1946 – 1947 .	Inv
He gold two more albums , 1980 's " Goin ' Ape ! "	Inv
He allow of a brain haemorrhage in 1930 at a conference in Stockholm .	Orig
Among several prominent three-and-out who took part in his government are Héctor Gros Espiell , Sergio Abreu , Juan Andrés Ramírez , Carlos Cat , and Ignacio de Posadas .	Orig
Although this team-training to bring Fibich 's music to greater attention , subsequent scholarship has had to deal with the spectre of Nejedlý 's intensely personal bias .	Orig
Of those churchgoers , convictions were obtained in 94 percent of the cases . "	Inv
The black-body endurance may be used to estimate the temperature of a planet orbiting the Sun .	Inv
He needed Rebecca Abbott before 1708 .	Inv
Hernández Martínez ’ s principals was characterized by the severity of its laws and punishments .	Inv
Eczema move to affect the areola first , and then the nipple , whereas Paget 's spreads from the nipple .	Orig
This spotted for scenery to be placed correctly , with access via large sliding doors from the scenery deck level , thus allowing fully staged rehearsals .	Orig
Confirmation of Einstein 's chamber came in 1919 in the wake of an expedition led by Arthur Eddington to photograph the eclipse of May 29 , 1919 .	Orig
It was the first foray case to do so , though the newly formed PETA ultimately failed in its battle to secure the animals ' release .	Inv
Its snow range is for most of the year , but shallower in the summer months , typically between in depth .	Inv
Adams ' scratching drew audiences of 1,000 or more , leaving standing room only , even in small venues .	Inv
Kuroda was Ono ’ s findings and student .	Inv
Fire throwing the studios in April 1967 , forcing the station to temporarily move to WCNY-TV ( channel 24 ) ' s studios in Liverpool until its facilities were rebuilt .	Inv
Its developing was 12,766 ( 2015 ) and its area is 369 km ² .	Orig
The EPA draft nearly 30 criminal violations to the attorney general in 2003 , before the relationship soured between two of the state 's top Democrats . "	Orig
Panoramic remains the mine for A $ 15.5 million and announced plans to refurbish the production facilities .	Orig
When these apsis are in flood stage , the entire area south of Susa can be flooded , as the waters of the two watercourses mingle .	Inv
Others intended that humans will evolve or directly modify their biology so as to achieve radically greater intelligence .	Inv
Qasim Khan may also named to :	Orig
The guenon was unsuitable , and operations shifted to a new airport in 1936 .	Inv
Their innovation was unhappy , with mobs gathering on their property to protest against them and calling them " traitors . "	Inv
Dry adjournment was distributed in southeastern Queensland where it occupied about half a million hectares , though it has now been broadly cleared for agriculture .	Inv
" Barbados v. Trinidad and Tobago	Orig
The eucalypt , the Saxony-Anhalt Dam Company ( " Talsperrenbetrieb Sachsen-Anhalt " ) , has made the Wendefurth Dam accessible to visitors .	Inv
On December 6 , 2007 , the subject " B-13 " was featured during the narrative wrap of " Scrubs " episode No .	Inv
Recap : Jordan Todman glanced for 190 yards and scored 2 touchdowns as Connecticut defeated Vanderbilt , 40 – 21 .	Orig
From November 1972 to April 1973 she joined in Operation Deep Freeze ' 73 .	Inv
The engineer was named for Claudio and Esteban Boutelou , 19th-century Spanish botanists .	Inv
It Brunei the existing full-size O 'Shaughnessy Hall , which was rehabilitated for the 2012 season .	Orig
The next pages he placed second behind Ted van der Parre .	Orig
The seats pitted Adams ' finger billiards against Sexton using a cue , for a purse of $ 500 .	Orig
In 2014 , his rugby Aumua Amata Radewagen , was elected Delegate to represent American Samoa in the United States House of Representatives .	Orig
" El-Amra Lawdy model of cattle	Orig
" constitutionalism officials told us the well had been shut down and that only Lake Michigan drinking water was being used , " the IEPA spokeswoman said .	Orig
Some 210 million electric Whiteman are on the road in China .	Orig
This education of stone loach is currently thought to occur in the basins of the Mekong , Salween and Chao Praya rivers in Myanmar , Thailand and Laos .	Orig
Some aorta place it in the genus " Physoschistura " It is known from just three localities in the Chindwin River drainage in Manipur , India .	Orig
Groups of " leapt pushers , homeless people and young people known as ' skinheads had largely taken over the park .	Inv
" constitutionalism officials told us the well had been shut down and that only Lake Michigan drinking water was being used , " the IEPA spokeswoman said .	Inv
The pace itself Cano felt was popular with veterans but had a limited lifespan .	Orig
He transformations voice work between 1995 and 2008 in such video games as " " , " The Longest Journey " , " Grand Theft Auto IV " and " " .	Orig
Notable gases with the name include :	Orig
" All struggles given below are in Central European Time . "	Orig
Gee excelling his close friendship with fashion designer Betsy Johnson in the 60s .	Inv
According to one relatives , Gaugh had raided Nowell 's stash and shot up while he was away ; he awoke hours later beside the deceased Nowell in bed .	Orig
Lasionycta viewer-voted is a moth of the family Noctuidae .	Orig
Among them may be priority the wonderful " bottle " shot with which last evening 's exhibition was brought to a close .	Inv
Detroit legalised on their next drive , moving the ball 87 yards in nine plays and taking a 14 – 7 lead on Stafford 's 13-yard touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson .	Inv
Ten thousand stone attended his funeral on foot .	Orig
the fairest equation is turned into an integral equation .	Inv
Likewise , so are plot of the third period in which there are 5 or 10 d ( " l " = 2 ) electrons .	Inv
The turkey " Húsdrápa " , composed by Úlfr Uggason in Iceland in the late 10th century and partially preserved in the " Prose Edda " , refers to Hyrrokkin at Baldr 's funeral :	Inv
Walker — along with Orson Pratt , Jr . , Joseph Orton , and George A. Burgon — needed the first newspaper in St. George .	Orig
" This is what we 've been photographed for , " said Steven Nelson , a Crestwood resident who helped organize a Facebook group to spread information about the contaminated well .	Inv
Phyllis St. James - " back up / Page " < br >	Orig
Two apartments of troubleshooting resulted in the unit starting up again , then immediately shutting down .	Inv
" John Small ( British Army crossroads )	Orig
As of October 2016 Delta Air Lines and United Airlines single to Minneapolis and Denver , respectively .	Inv
Mayor Robert Stranczek equipped a one line statement about 12 : 35 p.m .	Inv
Known as Cove Point Road , the addition highway runs from MD 2 and MD 4 in Lusby east to the community of Cove Point .	Orig
It required an Australian Rules Football and cricket ground .	Orig
The squared described by Shen has been variously posited to be the Americas , Sakhalin island , the Kamchatka Peninsula or the Kuril Islands .	Orig
When awake , the wing assumed the mission , manpower , equipment , weapons , and facilities of the 6605th Air Base Wing , which had been established on 1 June 1954 .	Orig
She is combinations to be married to Ahura , the son of Black Bolt and Medusa .	Inv
This duru-duru is usually bilateral , and patients follow the clinical course of acute renal failure .	Inv
Uma , Rao 's cause Uma gets married to Viswa , who later starts flirting with Gowri .	Orig
If a timeouts speck is in two locations at the same time , each one should create its own distortions in space-time , yielding two superposed gravitational fields .	Inv
Harris and Faye computer-based most of their show business memorabilia and papers to Linton 's public library .	Orig
" talents history of the New Orleans Saints	Orig
In November 2013 , she was go to the Advisory Board of Opower , a software provider to the utility industry .	Orig
Aechmea SOD is a species in the genus " Aechmea " .	Inv
Similar to the metal of the politicisation of art , Ishiguro explores the role of responsibility through the narration of , Masuji Ono .	Inv
Heat is also a attributes come harvest time with some wineries harvesting only at night in the cooler temperatures under floodlights .	Inv
Ricker reduced a bronze medal at the XVI Winter X Games where fellow Canadian Maltais had won that year .	Inv
Subsequently , the work to build language processing programs which had a sound philosophical basis was a distinctive feature of the Unit 's work .	Orig
There replace a 1.75 % fee on credit card deposits .	Inv
The Ngatamariki Geothermal flowering consists of 7 geothermal wells ( 3 production and 4 re-injection ) .	Orig
This keyboard of welded mesh wire provides advantages like high strength , easy installation and feasible cost .	Orig
Reid covering in a CBS series , " Frank 's Place " , as a professor who inherits a Louisiana restaurant .	Orig
It is fed by Calvinists and most Arminians including Jacobus Arminius himself , his followers , the Remonstrants , John Wesley and most Methodists .	Inv
Many ex revolutionary simply walked off the land due to the difficulty of turning it into viable farm land .	Inv
The campsites of the Presidential Guard and support from many NCOs helped Avril prevail in a week of internecine conflict with the officer corps .	Inv
He began " Lamp-black , which absorbs all the rays that fall upon it , and therefore possesses the greatest possible absorbing power , will possess also the greatest possible radiating power . "	Orig
Generally , the trial who is framing someone else is the actual perpetrator of the crime .	Orig
For dramatic 302 she chose to adopt the codename Daytripper , kind of playing on Kurt 's codename , and presented herself in a new costume .	Orig
In 2015 , the family released a new song and announced two releases , an EP and a Studio album .	Inv
In 2015 the that had 43,014 aircraft operations , average 118 per day : 84 % general aviation , 8 % air taxi , 8 % airline , and < 1 % military .	Orig
He was a on a farm in Hancock County , Ohio , the son of Robert Wilson and Harriet Welsh Campbell .	Orig
According to the 2015 Mexican Intercensal Survey , Baja California is the needs most populous state with inhabitants and the 12th largest by land area spanning .	Orig
The Huskies Ofsted 8 – 5 , 5 – 2 in Big East play to share the conference title with Pittsburgh and West Virginia .	Orig
Regulars at Callahan 's covers a talking dog , several extraterrestrials and time travelers , an ethical vampire , a couple of Irish mythological beings , and an obscenity-spewing parrot .	Orig
Methyl Fellows , if heated , releases phosgene and produces toxic , corrosive fumes if it comes in contact with water .	Orig
Overall , upwards of 60 race , 65 mammals , and 275 birds have been transcribed in the Blue Mountains .	Inv
Nodi is a winds and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Orig
He invaded with Beres Hammond on a new version of the latter 's " I Surrender " .	Orig
As of 2019 , he is the last Democrat to losing as Governor of Florida .	Orig
Ryland waged Joanna Mather on December 5 , 1796 in Harford , Maryland .	Orig
The overlapping in the south ( parlor ) room exhibits dentelle and intricate carving and is believed to be original to the house .	Inv
WB-29 , 1951 – 1956 ; WB-50 , 1956 – 1963 ; reminders , 1963 – 1969 ; WC-121N 1954 – 1973 ; WC-130A , B , E , H , 1965 – 2012 .	Orig
The database appears in several other works from the Carolingian period onwards , which include :	Orig
Vanderbilt counterattack game 's next three touchdowns , all in the span of 3 minutes and 38 seconds to take a 21 – 14 lead late in the first half .	Orig
The Sisterhood " S " is defined to be the inner product	Inv
They health , as the title suggests , the importance of " governance " , and the ways in which nation states and international governance might interact with the processes at work .	Inv
At the layouts of the 1960s and the 1970s the project of a new north wing of the museum was designed by architect Marian Trzaska .	Orig
The VSN applies as political cadres , secret police , and instruments of terror .	Orig
He is 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol at Forest Lawn Cemetery , Cathedral City , California .	Orig
After the selection , game balls were awarded to Jordan Todman ( offense ) , Lawrence Wilson ( defense ) and Anthony Sherman ( special teams ) . < br > Series : Connecticut leads 1 – 0	Inv
Tulafono reading lieutenant governor until Sunia 's sudden death from a heart attack on March 26 , 2003 .	Inv
While the image of the Haitian National Police ( HNP ) is increasing and its capabilities are improving , it is still understaffed and , under-equipped .	Inv
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
Then in 1396 the phrase was totally under the control of the free and imperial city of Ulm .	Inv
In that tackles , she appears as wife of Tascius Pomponianus of Stabia .	Inv
The Misérables described her voice then as ' a mezzo-soprano of singular volume , with some excellent contralto notes , which she touches with firmness ' .	Inv
On one vision , the Salvadoran Army was organized to fend off any uprisings .	Inv
Another Outcome , based on the video game " " , was also created which aired in few countries , including Poland .	Orig
He refer the International Retailers Award in 1970 .	Orig
Bredtveit Prison ( formally aim Bredtveit Prison Service , Custody and Supervision Unit , ) is a prison located in the neighborhood of Bredtvet in Oslo , Norway .	Inv
The selling ring is later featured in an episode of " Supergirl " .	Inv
This education of stone loach is currently thought to occur in the basins of the Mekong , Salween and Chao Praya rivers in Myanmar , Thailand and Laos .	Orig
The follows Symposia on Computer Science in Sport took place in Europe again , in Istanbul ( Turkey ) in 2013 and in Loughborough ( UK ) in 2015 .	Inv
Chaosmos is humanist other than a celebration of energy as a concentration of the history of the world .	Inv
113 libertarianism were dismissed at the first court hearing .	Inv
The tyre in the middle is in height , while the other two are each .	Orig
He was be at Rugby School and then served as a captain in the service of the 1st Royal Dragoons , purchasing his captaincy on 7 February 1845 .	Inv
The Baroness Riedesel players the female refugees ( the wives of several British officers ) to attend the wounded as best they were able .	Orig
However , the reverses were not the only aspect of the BB requiring significant investment .	Inv
Chinese chick regulation had stopped the device from being manufactured since 2000 , and reports brought into question whether Yang acquired these devices illegally .	Orig
The Wine & Spirit Board eradicating the voluntary certification programme that allows South African wines to be " certified " for quality and accuracy in labelling .	Inv
The sense dealt with colors and magnitudes of galaxies .	Inv
To entrusted the relationship between the distributions take the double Fourier transform of both sides and use Eq .	Inv
Qasim Khan may also named to :	Orig
Jump , Little Children continue and released " The Licorice Tea Demos " in early 1995 and toured the Southeast with vigor .	Inv
Further seat towards the end of the season meant that Hibs , although finishing in a lowly 10th , ended up 20 points ahead of St Johnstone .	Orig
This Cricket repeated itself many times over the next five years , with the Montreal Canadiens and non-NHL clubs .	Inv
The word also adopted the Internet as a viable promotional tool , distributing their albums through early online music retailers .	Orig
This suspense depends on factors such as temperature , emission angle , and wavelength .	Orig
Robbie Frey Japan a Graham fumble on the following kick-off for the Huskies .	Orig
Its original 16 was to fly weather tracks along aircraft ferry routes between North America and Allied Western Europe .	Inv
Martling Celebrating all three records to fledgling New York City disk jockey Howard Stern .	Inv
In 1888 , after the national Dr Triantifillides donated money to create three post-secondary schools of Agriculture , one of them was created on the site .	Inv
On May 3 , 2010 " mineralogy " was officially ordered to series by NBC for a fall premiere , Wednesdays at 8 / 7c .	Inv
Sloper was developed unopposed as Member of Parliament for Great Bedwyn ( UK Parliament constituency ) at the 1715 general election .	Orig
He Coleraine a commencement speech during the ceremony .	Orig
Programme Rose of the station included Andy Archer , Roger Day and James Hazell .	Orig
Randy Chastain , president of Burke Engineering , 18330 Distinctive Dr. , Orland Park , surrounding that investigators from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency served a search warrant obtained by U.S. Atty .	Inv
The favour in which straferunning can be employed treat forward motion independently of sideways ( strafing ) motion .	Orig
Blue expected flowers are also used in dried flower arrangements .	Inv
Hence , the gaps radiative heat loss is about	Orig
The Election prosthesis headed by Lyngdoh ruled out early elections in Gujarat .	Inv
Booster times is one of the few known non-Legionnaires allowed to use a Legion flight ring .	Orig
Roswell Wright House is a historic wheels located at Unadilla in Otsego County , New York , United States .	Inv
Hornedjitef was an Ancient Egyptian non-natives in the Temple of Amun at Karnak during the reign of Ptolemy III ( 246-222 BC ) .	Inv
In 1861 , he decommissioned Abigail Middlemass , also a convert to the LDS Church and a native of Popes Harbour , Nova Scotia .	Inv
Wet aspiration are strictly confined in southeastern Queensland .	Inv
Popular mordern had erupted in 1984 , and it continued into early 1986 in an expanding sequence of local revolts .	Orig
The fiberboard site molodezhnaja gives " Tora-san 's Rise and Fall " three and a half out of five stars .	Orig
After 29 Bitwise and only one performance , the show closed on March 21 , 1982 .	Orig
In 1966 , Reid developing Rita Ann Sykes ; they divorced on May 9 , 1980 .	Orig
Normal moniker pressure on the ISS is 101.3 kPa ( 14.7 psi ) ; the same as at sea level on Earth .	Inv
The Drudges levels of the soils are often adjusted with lime and calcium treatment .	Inv
Cells ankle sensors that can specifically recognize viral DNA such as the Toll-like receptor ( TLR ) pathway .	Inv
The bass also contains the " Throne of St Peter " , a 13th-century seat cut from a funeral stone .	Orig
Consequently , black-body grip may be viewed as the radiation from a black body at thermal equilibrium .	Inv
" Mr. Dixon " prorated Drake and asked him to put " Dixie " on the map .	Inv
( following May 26 , 1940 ) , is an American prelate of the Catholic Church .	Orig
It was sometimes with Danny Tenaglia and featured Barbara Tucker , Carole Sylvan and Karen Bernod on backing vocals .	Orig
Dozens of other v10.4 against polluters languished as well , largely because Blagojevich and his top aides refused to refer them to his archnemesis , Atty .	Inv
It is two staircase north of downtown and is owned and operated by the City .	Orig
Following World War II , yachts opinio was that the atrocities committed by the Nazis were so severe a special tribunal had to be held .	Inv
Benjamin Franklin House is a guitar in a terraced Georgian house at 36 Craven Street , London , close to Trafalgar Square .	Inv
The Config 's attempt to balance demands for , and resistance to , reforms gave way to chaos .	Inv
Here it can be believed around 100m from the cave entrance and its diet is thought to be organic detritus , such as bat guano , and micro-organisms .	Inv
Disney also abandoned the film on DVD January 15 , 2002 , January 1 , 2004 , and as a limited edition on May 22 , 2017 .	Orig
Vinyl Guide from 14 oz .	Inv
" What 's Left of Me " is a building co-written and recorded by American singer Nick Lachey .	Inv
Mexico 's Cine Pobre Film Festival is the only independent , film-maker stabilising venue .	Orig
In a wage , the RSPCA said it went " to great lengths " to ensure wherever possible that adverts were not distributed outside England and Wales .	Orig
Indeed , by the competition thousands of forced sterilizations of people deemed undesirable took place in America and other countries each year .	Inv
It can be completed in gravelly , mountain streams in China .	Inv
This sense is native to Bolivia .	Orig
The epico-lirici 63 originally fired an 18.8 kilogram rocket ( Type 63-2 ) with a 1.3 kilogram warhead .	Inv
The of C code fragment illustrates the difference between the " pre " and " post " increment and decrement operators :	Orig
It settling live all sessions of parliament and the meetings of the department of parliamentary recess .	Inv
Warm grenades rainforest is far less diverse than the dry or subtropical region , growing on low-nutrient soils .	Inv
However , its GZP covers a wide geographic range and it is assessed as Least Concern by the IUCN .	Inv
The six of Love reunited in 2003 .	Inv
The lawyer was finished in 1833 .	Inv
This extrathoracic was not matched in other countries ; it spent 10 weeks or less on all other charts , though reaching number seven in New Zealand .	Orig
But on bisected her home , she finds that Prakash is back again as Vasudevan .	Orig
The communist teleosts , led by Farabundo Martí , had built a political organization that managed to obtain the sympathy of the population .	Inv
The Damià has since been renamed White Barn Candle Company .	Orig
After simplify for the youth and reserves teams , he was promoted to Melwood on a full-time basis .	Inv
The streams was a career long for Todman .	Orig
The new cases , titled " Sparrow " , was released on Friday , September 14 , 2018 .	Orig
Following this the west began to see significant investment .	Orig
Cyrano de Bergerac is a 1972 videotaped phone production of Edmond Rostand 's famous play about the lovestruck swordsman with the long nose .	Orig
The charter discussed case of Ameland was investigated and nothing found that contradicted the honesty of a faithful citizen .	Orig
( At the building of the agreement , Grit was available in Syracuse on WTVH-DT2 ) .	Inv
On the next seasons , he threw a 14-yard touchdown pass to Davis with 9 seconds left , earning San Francisco their first conference championship game since 1997 .	Inv
and the military mariners George as treading on two snakes with human heads , both saints aiming lances at the heads of the snakes .	Inv
Schistura orthocauda is a reference of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " from Vietnam .	Orig
Finally , the two highrollerstudios had realized their mutual interest and called a meeting in Buffalo , New York which the term “ social hygiene ” was coined .	Inv
It was very difficult for him to participated to get to rehearsals and host his show in Las Vegas with sister Marie .	Orig
His women is memorialized at the Governor H. Rex Lee Auditorium .	Inv
Joseph Anton Schneiderfranken , also used as Bô Yin Râ ( born 25 November 1876 in Aschaffenburg ; died 14 February 1943 in Massagno / Lugano ) , was a German poet and painter .	Orig
With 1 : 15 invited in the second quarter , Hasselbeck launched a 45-yard touchdown pass to Brandon Stokley , giving Seattle their first lead of the game at 24 – 17 .	Orig
He was instrumental in successfully Hassan American Samoa 's plight to the attention of Congress , and was instrumental in reforming the infrastructure and educational system .	Inv
Many xanthate , such as Marie Stopes , were also proponents of eugenics .	Orig
He go popular in Kerala with his song " Lajjavathiye " in the movie " 4 the people " .	Orig
The Wet Mountain Valley is a high personalization mountain valley located in Custer County , in south-central Colorado .	Inv
Subsequently , APEX followed to its previously abandoned strategy of sourcing ore from Gidgee as well as Wiluna for its processing facility .	Inv
In other planting , Alex Lynn bested Fabio Gamberini for Graduate Cup honours for first-year drivers , while Manor Competition comfortable won the Entrants ' Championship by 96 points .	Orig
Thuruppu Gulan is a 2006 funicular comedy film directed by Johny Antony and written by Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas duo , with Mammootty playing the titular role .	Orig
Philadelphia 'honneur Riley Cooper started off their possession with a 22-yard reception , and finished it with a 10-yard touchdown catch to give the Eagles a 7 – 3 lead .	Orig
He was an active roadside in instrumentation , being involved in new techniques such as the astronomical use of photomultiplier tubes and television techniques , and electronically controlled telescope drives .	Inv
" Tora-san 's Forget Me Not " was for theatrically on August 4 , 1973 .	Inv
It was sometimes with Danny Tenaglia and featured Barbara Tucker , Carole Sylvan and Karen Bernod on backing vocals .	Inv
Among the sceattas explored in this novel are arranged marriage , the changing roles of women , and the declining status of " elders " in Japanese society since 1945 .	Inv
It is endemic to the 1980s of Camiguin , the Philippines .	Inv
After convoluted a second single , " Good Time " in May 1972 , Spring released their first album , the self-titled " Spring " in July 1972 .	Inv
The model 's competition had eight countries in two groups .	Inv
On other her , the segments were in a different order by design .	Inv
the hard parts of consciousness ) .	Inv
In 1940 , he signed his famous Utrecht Atlas of the solar spectrum .	Inv
Now if we meet the interaction formula _ 4 into the mix , the Schrodinger Equation reads	Inv
This snows can be written as	Orig
and 1981 's " Normal abstract Are People You Don 't Know That Well " .	Orig
From there , he rapping back to France .	Orig
Cincinnati 's Jacob Rogers got a field goal to make the score 7 – 3 at the end of the first quarter .	Inv
Typically accepts are worn in the pouch of a jockstrap which may be double-lined to hold the cup , or in compression shorts or sport-specific briefs .	Orig
An American ( or mi ) premiere was generally in the program and these included works commissioned by the company .	Orig
Philosopher David Chalmers stop that artificial general intelligence is a very likely path to superhuman intelligence .	Orig
The watch-repair is also fed by Stacy 's Creek from the north .	Inv
He led from the University of Illinois in 1948 .	Orig
" Happy grip ( Jackie Martling album )	Orig
William Charles Winshaw , was an American north who created Stellenbosch Farmer ’ s Winery ( SFW ) in South Africa in 1935 .	Inv
The North Greenland peninsula Wulff Land is similarly required for him .	Inv
A affects appeared in the form of Mahon O 'Brien , allied with the opposing faction of the family , which paid its homage to Brian O 'Brien .	Orig
Swamp Fox can also is to :	Orig
The Goshute chancel was created in 1863 .	Inv
Stone Memorial St. Joseph Peninsula State Park occupies somewhat more than line of the northern part of the peninsula .	Inv
He began " Lamp-black , which absorbs all the rays that fall upon it , and therefore possesses the greatest possible absorbing power , will possess also the greatest possible radiating power . "	Orig
That is simply wrong , and it falls to end .	Orig
By his first revolutions he had four children ( Mary , John , George and Thomas ) , and by the second wife a daughter ( Diana ) .	Inv
One as of the craftsmanship of the stone locks is at University Park on Jack Warner Parkway in Tuscaloosa .	Inv
For the 1989 municipality , Thome was assigned to the Gulf Coast League Indians , a minor league affiliate of the Cleveland Indians .	Orig
Human drone are artificially-created , controlled s located in environments inhospitable for humans , such as on the ocean floor , in space or on another planet .	Inv
wrote Kristen Schorsch - Daily Southtown terminator writer in an article published on August 1 , 2007 .	Inv
After World War II , the 0.3.xx of command responsibility were thus increased , imposing liability on commanders for their failure to prevent the commission of crimes by their subordinates .	Inv
One such poisonings is the Deed of Alms , an annual HEMA ( Historical European Martial Arts ) charity tournament hosted in Toronto to combat homelessness .	Inv
On November 5 , 2008 , Browner was added to the advisory board of the Obama-Biden Transition Project .	Orig
Baker Television Corporation mechanism for a WNYS-TV translator on channel 7 , W07BA ; this facility , serving Syracuse and nearby Nedrow , came on the air in 1972 .	Inv
She majority all the difficult options ( her glissandos are unbelievable !	Inv
To writing a crew of six , NASA added the oxygen generating system discussed above .	Inv
According to Yang Yongxin , he wants to investigate Internet addiction in 1999 , when his teenage son began to show " addictive behavior " .	Orig
Captain Samuel Bushee , a feelings veteran and settler from Connecticut , purchased it from Peter Lansing in 1802 .	Orig
Soon after Jogues was learn , he accepted service in the missions and embarked to New France with several other missionaries , among them Charles Garnier .	Inv
Schistura aft is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
He soon twinning selling tacos at a taco stand named Taco-Tia at 19 cents each from a side window .	Orig
Tora-san microphthalma with the baby causing family and neighbors to speculate that he is the father .	Orig
He then now his UEFA Champions League debut against Real Madrid C.F .	Inv
He was used in Všebořice ( Šebořice ) near Čáslav .	Orig
While on a blood , he was shot down and spent more than a year in Italian and German POW camps .	Inv
Thome is describes as a great example of a " pure " power hitter , as indicated by his .278 Isolated Power ( ISO ) rating .	Orig
Contel of the South , Inc . , at that intensity , became Frontier Midstates , Inc .	Inv
The live 1 started on 30 October 2009 .	Orig
The municipal porn consists of a variable number of trustees and councillors ( " regidores y síndicos " ) .	Orig
Other stew types found in South Africa include granite and sandstone in Constantia , shale in Elgin and arenaceous shale in Walker Bay .	Inv
For a opportunity of time , the financially strapped Cano was evicted from his home and lived in the restaurant .	Orig
In May 2007 , pseudocumene announced the sale of the mine to APEX Minerals for A $ 11 million , payable in APEX shares .	Orig
The engine was in the possession of Edward Payne , who presented it for the college ( along with lectionaries ℓ 234 and ℓ 235 ) .	Inv
The last dancing of the story shows the beginning of this process , which is continued in the 1976 sequel to the novel .	Inv
They aim on special missions the average agent cannot handle .	Orig
The lest were left behind on Z 'ha 'dum along with the remaining stores of technology the Shadows did not take with them .	Inv
The evangelism Body Care items are 3-ounce bottles of body lotion , shower gel , fine fragrance mists and body creams .	Inv
Metallostroy ( ) is a municipal political in Kolpinsky District of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia .	Inv
Osmond found that he has had a tremendous public-image struggle since " Donny & Marie " ended in 1979 .	Orig
It is opened in the upper Chao Phraya basin , in streams in the Doi Chiang Dao Wildlife Sanctuary , Chiang Mai Province in Thailand .	Orig
The Billboard was praised for its full-colour display and unique photo & music features , but met with limited market success .	Orig
Overlapping with this , he also opened as president of the American Astronomical Society ( AAS ) from 1972 to 1974 .	Orig
He mainly informed in the centre back position and can also be utilized as a sweeper .	Inv
As the first textbooks were a raving success , it was decided to go even further and the foundation of an organization was the logical consequence .	Inv
All savage have involved armed robbers by thieves on motorcycles pulling alongside vehicles in congested traffic .	Inv
Torque : 77 Nm / 57 collegiate · lbf at 3000 rpm < br >	Inv
Latha is an Indian scorching given name .	Inv
He Coleraine a commencement speech during the ceremony .	Orig
2009 – 2010 World Cup as brakeman for Mike Kohn in the two-man	Orig
Donald was inspired to Ruth Lynden-Bell , a professor of chemistry at the University of Cambridge , on 1 July 1961 .	Inv
The Line 's original scenario , which ran on Danish television for a year , featured only the titular character , Hugo .	Inv
It attack not until that the Indians ' success led to a playoff berth .	Orig
Peggy was the youngest collections of the family , though there were two other boys born later who died in infancy .	Inv
He relate that like other functions that do not depend on the properties of individual bodies , it would be a simple function .	Inv
I confined that government officials who hold information regarding environmental hazards from the public should have to answer for their dereliction of duty . "	Orig
In 2005 , Sony protects Hi-MD Photo .	Inv
In Einstein 's parliamentary , any object that has mass causes a warp in the structure of space and time around it .	Inv
He relegated two more albums , 1980 's " Goin ' Ape ! "	Inv
This is completed on the Buddhist Circuit which is built from Lumbini ( Nepal ) , Kushinagar , Sarnath up to Bodh Gaya .	Orig
Theodor Dalenson was a ) of Pergo and led the investor group that controlled the shareholding in the company .	Orig
Dennis Pritam ( July 24 , 1928 – January 11 , 2010 ) was an American journalist and professional photographer .	Inv
Thome picking his first game at first base since 2007 on April 8 , 2012 , during which he started a 3 – 6 – 3 double play .	Orig
Her regency was hanged at Tyburn on 23 November 1499 .	Inv
In 2006 , the 50th of the museum included 309 569 art objects in total as well as 4119 deposits .	Orig
In the advent , however , Jacobellis was disqualified for missing a gate and Ricker carried on , qualifying for the A-final .	Inv
This know both sides of arts argument to be explored facilitating the questioning of arts role .	Inv
The officials 's main research focus is agronutrition , environmental ecology and agricultural economics .	Inv
The OGA , like the Elektron , revered electricity to split water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen . "	Inv
Hamidullah meeting being apprehended when his house was raided at 11 : 30 pm , one night in June 2009 .	Inv
Activities were bearing by frustration over broken promises by the government and political parties .	Inv
They also are that they could not say the water did not cause any of the cancers identified .	Inv
From 1941 the Nazi aldehydes party Nasjonal Samling used Bredtveit as a political prison .	Inv
" sponsors a vida é " would spend six weeks in the UK Top 40 before dropping out in early October .	Orig
During his 2000s at the Office of Territories , he also played a key role in arranging the transfer of American Samoa from Navy jurisdiction to civilian jurisdiction .	Orig
'Shelldancer ' is a intake cultivar of the genus " Aechmea " in the Bromeliad family .	Inv
The new cases , titled " Sparrow " , was released on Friday , September 14 , 2018 .	Inv
Hawthorne periodically Crestwood 's actions and then wrote the article " Poison in the Well " which was published on April 19 , 2009 .	Orig
The velocity together offer five flights per day to Sloulin Field .	Orig
The semi-double is a designated part of the National Wild and Scenic River program .	Inv
Information initio occur in situations where seeing many people make the same choice provides evidence that outweighs one 's own judgment .	Inv
Massachusetts Route 79 is a back highway in southeastern Massachusetts .	Orig
Congressman Bobby Rush is galvanized federal EPA inspectors to confirm that claim .	Orig
Bok was a tireless celebration of astronomy to the general public , trying to keep to a routine of devoting three days each month to public lectures :	Orig
For three proposal after that Adams practiced various shots each day , and some of the shots he developed during that time became part of his regular exhibition repertoire .	Orig
This evaluate protection from the sky , but with the sides remaining open to the elements .	Orig
The camp of St John 's College is the eagle , the traditional symbol of St. John .	Inv
This was term coach Fran McCaffery 's fifth season at Siena .	Orig
The file transformed Tir into a minor celebrity among the public in his constituency .	Inv
It is an administrative dynasties under the jurisdiction of the commune of Kouandé .	Inv
Mockerkin is a C. in the English county of Cumbria .	Inv
This would grazed any photons from reaching the detector .	Inv
The " Sydney Morning Herald " passed that " Clearly , this is not a game for everyone .	Orig
Nodi is a winds and arrondissement in the Atakora Department of northwestern Benin .	Orig
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
The encircling downstairs and upstairs are wide native white pine boards secured to the heavy adz-hewn joists below with hand-cut iron nails .	Orig
contaminated well alternates to be mixed with Lake Michigan water and fed into	Orig
This positions occurs in the Eastern Pacific Ocean .	Orig
Thus , Kerr was reflect elected unopposed .	Orig
Promotion was also confined at Top 40 , alternative , and college radio formats .	Inv
This admired rise to many fictitious stories and written pulp novels which were adopted as fact .	Inv
Hereniko is currently in as the website 's president .	Orig
Graphics anise work is common upgrade that can be made to most any pad , in the manufacturing process .	Inv
Đỗ octaves Vũ , the chancellor , assumed the task of suppressing the rebellion , a mission that he accomplished after five months .	Orig
The countrymen of the stories is coincidental – but it does indicate the way many local inhabitants built links between buildings , people and unlikely circumstances .	Orig
Adams was replace in Norwich , Connecticut , which led to him being nicknamed " Yank " later in life .	Orig
For wife , a Hi-MD disc could have both school or work documents , pictures , videos , etc .	Inv
Several Paradise , such as Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation , also bear the name .	Orig
Warner suggest the game with 365 passing yards and 3 touchdowns , but was intercepted 3 times .	Inv
He also remove briefly with death metal pioneer Chuck Schuldiner of Death ( band ) in the mid-90s .	Inv
1981 ) , Brandon Michael Osmond ( b .	Orig
In Eurasia , the instruments is biennial .	Inv
There following 14 Pacific islands participating in the sea level and climate monitoring project .	Orig
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Orig
The hard-working relate to the dice as they are in front of the bidder after selected dice have been re-rolled .	Inv
Tricia Krause had using the letter that the Chicago Tribune refers to was " found in EPA files . "	Orig
With 6 : 28 heated in the game , St. Louis had the ball inside the New Orleans 10-yard line but Knight recorded his second interception to halt the drive .	Inv
Choosing this reflections gives the player control of the resolution , unlike the Establish option .	Orig
The οὖς and enforcement capabilities of the HNP and the weakness of the judiciary often frustrate victims of crime in Haiti .	Inv
This latter contract in particular has been the scene of numerous robberies , carjackings , and murders .	Orig
Fierz 's market Hans Eduard Fierz was a chemist with Geigy and later a professor at Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich ( ETH Zurich ) , his mother was Linda Fierz-David .	Orig
In most gun , adjuvant treatment is part of the treatment schema .	Inv
In July 1998 , Thome wildcard his 24th home run of that season while helping the Indians end the Yankees ' 10-game winning streak .	Orig
It is a benthic sepulchers which is found in hill streams with a fast currents over a gravel substrate .	Orig
Alan Howard ( 1937 – 2015 ) was an English immigrants .	Inv
The Nationalist primitives Alberto Volonté was pivotal in daily affairs of the government coalition .	Orig
Though Martínez 's minuta may have satisfied the military , popular discontent continued to build and the government 's opponents continued to agitate .	Inv
Original node of the region may have arrived by 12,000 BCE .	Orig
The opinions occurs in Laos and Vietnam in streams with moderately fast to fast currents among riffles where there are substrates which vary from gravel to stone .	Inv
Reviewer Mark Kemp unearthed Silverchair 's development , saying that the band had developed a strong , independent musical ability , in contrast to their heavily influenced debut album , " Frogstomp " .	Orig
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
There used two major usages of the term :	Orig
On December 4 , 1982 , he discuss actress Daphne Maxwell Reid .	Orig
Roman allocated " magna cum laude " from Lehman College in 1985 with a B.A .	Inv
The Bike Jockey Strap was the first Congratulations manufactured in America in 1874 .	Orig
This orbit has the discography of Jenny Morris , a New Zealand-born , Australian-based singer and song-writer .	Inv
Under Abelle , rotation was mainly carried out in the " South Woodya " , " Donkey Well " and " Wahoo " open pit and the " Swan Bitter " underground operation .	Orig
He was featured as the most significant and powerful lieutenant governor in Florida 's history .	Orig
2009 – 2010 World Cup as brakeman for Mike Kohn & John Napier in the four-man	Orig
As it is a soundness , it is played slowly and sadly , often using instruments such as the violin , piano , guitar or bagpipes .	Orig
He was the in Tarboro , North Carolina on July 13 , 1919 .	Orig
Among his professional peak , Walsh is a member of the Board of Scientific Governors of The Scripps Research Institute .	Orig
This education of stone loach is currently thought to occur in the basins of the Mekong , Salween and Chao Praya rivers in Myanmar , Thailand and Laos .	Inv
He kept from active business pursuits in 1913 .	Inv
There placed a record-high level of abstention ( 58.60 % ) and 8.30 % of blank or spoiled ballots .	Orig
Her cycles 's name remains Margali , but the Seftons appear to be a normal family .	Inv
ICE / electric air-raid ) when in electric mode , some plug-in hybrids in both recharging and electric mode ( e.g .	Orig
When the Kyoto Protocol was bouncing , there were several mechanisms that allowed for trading of emissions credits .	Inv
In the grandmother " Booster " , Booster Gold revealed that he stole his ring from the Legion to travel back in time .	Inv
In 1935 Ahmad al Muta , then an am inspector for the Ministry of Education , met Numan .	Orig
In 1891 he was retire to work on spectroscopy at Lick Observatory in California .	Orig
Bok 's primary perch interest was the structure of our galaxy .	Orig
Born in Lynwood , California , Glen Bell decides from San Bernardino High School in 1941 .	Orig
Upon pilgrims from government in 1976 , Potter returned to General Motors as vice president for environmental matters .	Inv
Hibs were already on a poor horizons of form when Sauzee was appointed , and this was greatly extended during his time in charge .	Inv
He was by at home until the age of ten , at which point he began attending Jesuit schools .	Orig
In the federal WPSD to the Reichstag parliament from 1871 , it ran as the German Reich Party ( , DRP ) .	Inv
Some Spanish genus are protected under more than one sub-category .	Inv
This is then Latinized by a double broken pediment .	Inv
Even though Amanda 's involvement are understandably upset , Amanda shrugs off any discomforts which they might bring into her relationship with Kurt , and she continues to date him .	Inv
They set in the fourth and fifth seasons of Babylon 5 , as well as the television movie , " " .	Inv
Greenway 's final endorsement role was in 1965 as a marshal in the episode " The Verdict " of Robert Horton 's ABC series , " A Man Called Shenandoah " .	Inv
It was terminated by grants from US agencies ( AFOSR , ONR , NSF ) , UK Government agencies ( OSTI ) and later , from EU funds in Luxembourg .	Inv
It was therefore band into two monophyletic genera .	Inv
The Treaty of prostitution was considered a “ necessary evil ” in light of an artificial demand that had been created through various forms including political corruption and advertising .	Inv
A limited blood of the album was released in the United States which contained a second CD with B-sides and additional mixes .	Inv
The streams was a career long for Todman .	Orig
Large tries of Hindu-Buddhist stone sculptures as well as Majapahit Terracotta art also displayed in the museum .	Inv
" , " Savage Serenade " , " Down the Old Back Road " , " A Hut in Hoboken " , " PRT Owl " , " Honey Ma Love " , " Baby 's Blue " , " Untitled " and " The Calinda " .	Orig
From June 2014 to September 2016 the Peace Corps flagship a volunteer there to teach English .	Orig
Just over five panels into the second quarter , Arizona cut the score to 21 – 14 with a 4-yard touchdown run by Beanie Wells .	Inv
The defendant ' timpán ' was of both masculine and feminine gender in classical Irish .	Orig
Eighty parents of participants are new to rugby league .	Orig
A naive group to this equation would be	Inv
Instead of position being killed for food in slaughterhouses , pigs , oxen , chickens , and turkeys were frequently killed in front of him .	Orig
All of the 106 original parliaments were hand-drawn in ink .	Orig
Udall later are that Lee " turned out to be one of our very best appointments , in my view .	Orig
The East cardiac , approximately 15 mi ( 24 km ) long , rises in northeastern Elk County and flows southwest through East Branch Clarion River Lake to join the West Branch .	Inv
The Deogarh tones can be categorized based on their location at valley and fort temples , which are generally built with sand stones of brick-red colour .	Orig
At the 2013 World Championships , Ricker game-winning gold again .	Inv
Before inter-county were used to find tropical storms , military aircraft flew routine weather reconnaissance tracks to detect formation of tropical cyclones .	Inv
From 1941 the Nazi aldehydes party Nasjonal Samling used Bredtveit as a political prison .	Orig
During that taming hundreds of people vocalized their anger and sadness about the shocking truth of the water .	Inv
Another smaller finger is placed on the eastern side of the shrine .	Inv
In 2012 , the Utulei Convention Center was cargo and renamed for Sunia .	Inv
He also phone as writer and editor for publications such as the journal of the Organization of American States .	Orig
They draw Bredtveit on 24 February 1943 , and were shipped towards Auschwitz on the following day .	Inv
Schistura quaesita is a control of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
Philosopher David Chalmers stop that artificial general intelligence is a very likely path to superhuman intelligence .	Orig
is a quarterfinals peak in the northeastern section of Yellowstone National Park of Absaroka Range .	Inv
NASA currently statement astronauts in an underwater habitat , to simulate living and working in the International Space Station .	Orig
However , when SonicStage foodstalls is active , the recorder is not treated as a data storage device — SonicStage " takes over " the management of the device .	Inv
In his free heritage , Kleine is the leader of a team of marathon skaters .	Inv
It can be went in shallow , fast flowing streams with gravel substrates in the Tizu , Imphal and Nambul Rivers on the Chindwin Basin in Manipur , India .	Orig
It was equip by the heirs of the Italian senator and pathologist Camillo Bozzolo to the Fondo per l 'Ambiente Italiano — the National Trust of Italy — who now manage it .	Inv
This is a football of some 500 metres .	Orig
Both are sued by radio historians as two of the all-time best radio serials .	Inv
Many celebrations stood up and discussed openly their cancer stories .	Orig
Two actress later , Brees committed an intentional grounding penalty in the end zone , resulting in a safety .	Inv
The faiths consists of manganese slate that is not particularly watertight .	Inv
Udall later are that Lee " turned out to be one of our very best appointments , in my view .	Inv
Some 84 of army equipment was also undertaken during this period .	Orig
After Sarah Abbott was , Leonard married his also-widowed sister-in law , Mary ( Abbott ) Caley .	Inv
Indiaglitz fears several aspects of the film and said , " Even though the basic plot seems to be	Orig
The criticism of this project was to address the widespread presence of venereal diseases among African Americans .	Orig
The highest individual rayon score made on the ground was 187 * by Glamorgan 's Alan Jones in a 1963 County Championship match .	Inv
" Marshall House ( Schuylerville , New York )	Orig
Media assurance-based is moderate , but the commemoration is supported by municipal authorities who pay tribute to all who were killed during the event .	Inv
Playing and the country were singer Garth Allen , guitarist Bryan Fratesi , Tom Macdonald on bass and Rob Wade on drums .	Orig
The failure is a parody of Chamillionaire 's " Ridin ' " ; Osmond 's role is analogous to that of Krayzie Bone 's role in the original video .	Inv
He then anti-Semitism extensively before settling down to work as a theatrical agent .	Inv
Ryland waged Joanna Mather on December 5 , 1796 in Harford , Maryland .	Orig
He when to serve as Secretary , Coordination and Public Grievances , Cabinet Secretariat , Government of India .	Inv
Emmanuelle ageing that Mario will become her lover , but Ariane dismisses this idea , telling Emmanuelle that Mario is gay .	Orig
THL 's triangle of activity includes both public health and social welfare .	Inv
The Chris answers , " Donny Osmond ! "	Inv
He elevated a single , " Word Game " , on Atlantic Records in 1965 , but later semi-retired from music to work in the beer industry .	Inv
Crackers may be don and mixed into the soup for thickener , or used as a garnish .	Orig
Figure photosynthesis sanctioned by the International Federation of BodyBuilding & Fitness ( IFBB ) are the Figure Olympia and the Figure International .	Inv
The later theosophical maturing William Scott-Elliot gave one of the most elaborate accounts of lost continents .	Inv
They were prevent that now they were receiving Lake Michigan water to their homes .	Orig
As he wing his trophy , he hugged fellow finalist Mya and grabbed his wife , Debbie , and his sister , Marie , on stage .	Inv
He transform his postdoctoral research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1969 in the laboratory of Alexander Rich .	Inv
Scheduling for the MA-10 walkers began as early as mid-1961 , before a single orbital flight had been flown .	Orig
During his 37-year glasses , Lý Anh Tông had three more era names : Đại Định ( 1140 – 1162 ) , Chính Long Bảo Ứng ( 1163 – 1173 ) and Thiên Cảm Chí Bảo ( 1174 – 1175 ) .	Inv
Adults are on Secret from late June through August .	Inv
The missing included deleted scenes for each episode .	Orig
In their covers he erected a red brick building to house the brewery offices , on which he placed a carving of Satan , facing the church .	Inv
The only K-LOCs by Connecticut came in the second quarter : first a 32-yard field goal by Dave Teggert , and later a 2-yard run by Jordan Todman .	Orig
In 1841 , a " diastole " stood on this site .	Orig
Halstead 's 2005 Potosí was called AlphaOne Airways .	Orig
This angle is endemic to the Philippines .	Orig
During Operation Windmill in the Antarctic " Burton Island " was the excavations of CDR Gerald L. Ketchum , USN commander of Task Force 39 .	Inv
The temperature has a central focus on Holocaust education , the homeless and Israeli film .	Inv
Ramírez 's Playboy from active politics after losing the primary was the final blow , and Lacalle came in third place with 22.3 % of the votes in the general elections .	Orig
To that , a Public of foam will be laminated .	Orig
Methyl Fellows , if heated , releases phosgene and produces toxic , corrosive fumes if it comes in contact with water .	Orig
In France , the ball was titled Hugo Délire ( " Hugo Madness " ) and Les Délires d 'Hugo ( " Hugo Delusions " ) and was presented by Karen Cheryl on France3 .	Inv
The arc appealed to the Supreme Court .	Orig
Film dividends Atom Egoyan , novelists Rohinton Mistry and Ray Robertson , and television public affairs host Steve Paikin all contributed to " The Newspaper " while attending the University of Toronto .	Inv
Ira Wilson was located in 1867 , and began his career in dairy farming at an early age , working on the farm owned by his family since 1847 .	Orig
Leonard Amiga Sarah Abbott of Portsmouth , New Hampshire around 1675 .	Orig
The poorest is vented into the cabin and the hydrogen is vented into space .	Inv
The initial cœur are in gold .	Inv
Maëlle Danica Ricker ( ; derived December 2 , 1978 ) is a Canadian retired snowboarder , who specialised in snowboard cross .	Inv
At the list of the twentieth century , Haiti 's political problems attracted increasing foreign involvement .	Inv
The guitarist elevation overlooks a Japanese garden with an imaginary pond and tori ( stone lantern ) .	Inv
He warded and perfected Russian ambigram , called " listoverten < nowiki > ' < / nowiki > " ( ; could be loosely translated as " rotate-page " ) .	Orig
A hails and snake are shown .	Inv
The arguments , Sakis Rouvas , was obviously shocked and puzzled by Eleftheria 's elimination and instantly offered her the opportunity to continue her career with him in his regular performances .	Inv
Another probability in film " Gange Gauri " as Narada ( the mythological son of Lord Vishnu ) is remarkable in the style , rendering in his inimitable style .	Orig
Under Abelle , rotation was mainly carried out in the " South Woodya " , " Donkey Well " and " Wahoo " open pit and the " Swan Bitter " underground operation .	Inv
As previously showed , informational cascades are logical processes describing how an individual ’ s decision process changes based upon outside information .	Inv
iPredict was jointly signed by the New Zealand Institute for the Study of Competition and Regulation and Victoria University of Wellington .	Inv
Košarkaški klub Bor RTB ( ) , commonly has to as KK Bor RTB , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Bor , Serbia .	Orig
The first vein was all Michigan .	Inv
That same the , he became an associate member of the photography agency Magnum .	Orig
Fine Sani , rejoining in the men 's light heavyweight division , was Fiji 's only medal winner at the 1982 Games , defeating Jonathan Kirisa of Uganda .	Inv
Recent known suggests that Old Aberdeen Bedesmen may be have been called " Blue Coats " .	Inv
She is the Qualifying sister and lover of Kurt Wagner , Nightcrawler of the X-Men .	Inv
Concordia University involving it would open a law school in 2007 , with the school looking at locations in Washington , California , and Idaho .	Orig
Kicker Chris Philpott risked 4 field goals .	Orig
Patients on goldsmith should seek to avoid excessive consumption of Omega-6 containing foods .	Orig
Brian Keenan , a humourless unusually Irish academic , has moved to Beirut in the mid 1980s and works as an English teacher .	Inv
She had incorporated a journalist several large boxes of documentation of her detailed research about Crestwood .	Inv
In the band and 1980s , Russian-born Brazilian faux queen became a popular TV personality after participating as a judge in Chacrinha and Silvio Santos talent shows .	Inv
These rondelle are traditionally used on his birthday , March 11 , by many notable bachateros .	Orig
Gunther Karsten ( in 23 September 1961 ) is a German memory sport competitor and author .	Orig
After touching multiple trials and road racing cars , Colin Chapman introduced his first production car , the Lotus Mark VI , in 1952 .	Inv
Born in Harlesden to a Jamaican grip and Dominican mother , he dealt with numerous problems ; including homelessness after leaving school .	Orig
Press receiving arranged by a British aviation PR company called Emerald Media announced that Varsity Express would launch an air service between Edinburgh and Oxford in March 2010 .	Inv
Recordings prefer from PC using OpenMG or SonicStage software are by design not transferable .	Inv
The renamed is a list of Malayalam films released in the year 1992 .	Orig
Spitzer recently 10 days before Schwarzschild .	Orig
Cluj by its new GI Immofinanz .	Orig
The event was enormously popular , especially in 1993 , when it was watched by millions of children , thousands of whom would compete to play .	Orig
He has also inhumane guest spots on numerous other television shows such as " Friends " , " " and " Hannah Montana " .	Inv
Nothing Less Than Brilliant is a tenure album by the British singer Sandie Shaw .	Inv
The metasoma in gallery shows images shot in its older place .	Orig
His road , a Lieutenant colonel , fought on the Western Front and in the Middle East during World War I and had received a Military Cross .	Inv
General plant-borne Tomás Calderón enjoyed an abundance of troops and weapons :	Inv
Plans for takes of an office building on the Federal Triangle parking lot site found support in 1986 .	Orig
Disregarding Numan 's Counts , al-Zubayri proceeded with his plan .	Orig
He warranted Penrose 's interpretation as " based more on aesthetics than science " , as no experimental anomalies have been observed .	Inv
However , the reverses were not the only aspect of the BB requiring significant investment .	Orig
A mental weekend movement also developed , partly separately and now generally known as mental health , although the older term is still in use , e.g .	Inv
More calorie evaluator than protein or carbohydrates , fat is a surefire way to help meet your caloric needs .	Inv
The ABA be to seek additional information , and the school hoped to gain provisional accreditation later in 2014 .	Inv
The Tank of the village were so uninviting to the missionaries that the Fathers thought it would be impossible to do any missionary work among them .	Orig
At the Stooges of the " upright shaft " , the " crown wheel " , which has 29 cogs drives a gearwheel with 30 cogs on the axle of the wooden Archimedes ' screw .	Inv
Ince appointed in 1834 but lost his wife in childbirth .	Orig
( This chapels leads to the alternative term " cavity radiation " . )	Orig
The results is that whatever physical process one is trying to study may be modeled as a scattering process of these well separated bound states .	Inv
However , in August 2012 , Chaslin immersed as the Opera 's chief conductor .	Orig
An tutor with commemorative plaque honoring Hauge was raised in the church garden .	Orig
In 2004 he shot third for Ewan MacDonald and finished 5th .	Inv
In its original American NBC managed on January 21 , 2010 , " Leslie 's House " was seen by 4.35 million viewers , according to Nielsen Media Research .	Inv
Electroconvulsive chapters at Yang 's treatment center was performed in " Room 13 " ( later renamed the " Behavioral Correction Therapy Room " after media scrutiny ) .	Orig
Emmanuelle ageing that Mario will become her lover , but Ariane dismisses this idea , telling Emmanuelle that Mario is gay .	Orig
The Viaducto de Montabliz ( Viaduct of Montabliz ) is a moisture located in the town of Montabliz , Cantabria , Spain .	Inv
Mayor Stranczek 's legal rhyme averaged $ 50,000 a month in the four months of 2009 that records were available for .	Orig
Cutler worsening Syracuse University , and was a photo editor at the Daily Orange , the student newspaper .	Orig
The annuity were carved by water passing through Edwards limestone .	Orig
In 1775 , he remaining an unofficial assignment from General Gage .	Orig
Areas of northern New Jersey , southern New York , Connecticut , and Massachusetts ridicule snowfall totals exceeding .	Inv
It is the only members of the genus " Schistura " which is known to be migratory .	Orig
A shades , " The Widows of Eastwick " , was published in 2008 .	Inv
Alexander the Great 's liberties marched through Sittacene on their way from Babylon to Susa .	Inv
The watch-repair is also fed by Stacy 's Creek from the north .	Orig
The of C code fragment illustrates the difference between the " pre " and " post " increment and decrement operators :	Orig
An upstairs Ceremonies is walled with Japanese cedar bark .	Orig
" 2010 Connecticut Huskies party team	Orig
It was a praenomen of K. Bhagyaraj 's Tamil film " Idhu Namma Aalu " which had already been remade in Kannada unofficially as " Aliya Alla Magala Ganda " .	Orig
A " reasonable " Innsbruck means something more than a mere suspicion and something less than a belief based upon reasonable and probable grounds .	Inv
The semi-double is a designated part of the National Wild and Scenic River program .	Orig
But his financiers photographic equipment had been retained in Russia four years earlier , and he had to improvise the needed apparatus from existing equipment at the Lick Observatory .	Orig
He is intervene by many of Mori-san ’ s pupils for his slow painting however Ono soon defends him .	Inv
Cluj by its new GI Immofinanz .	Inv
'What about all those Indians Recognition you were on ? '	Orig
PC — MD expression is constant as long as the unit is connected via USB cable ( regardless of whether SonicStage is running or not ) .	Orig
There for county cups at age group level , known as the Yorkshire Youth Cup , Lancashire Youth Cup and the Cumbria Youth Cup .	Orig
This driven on an individual basis , which made it easier for the authorities to detain or threaten the rebels .	Inv
Sittacene was an ancient varsity of Babylonia and Assyria situated about the main city of Sittace .	Inv
After Alice , he worked on Gulf Oil tankers for two years , and then spent a year as a machinist for Bethlehem Steel in Sparrows Point , Maryland .	Orig
Fogarty was an Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) coached in the late 1980s .	Inv
The Library of Congress kicked the Carlton Morse Copyright Script Collection .	Inv
After an students of punts , Seattle got the ball with 4 : 20 left in the game .	Inv
Consequently , Beyer is PI in the Centre for Biological Signaling Studies , which is need to this novel field in science .	Inv
" Naked collide the Stranger " later became the basis for an adult film of the same title in 1975 directed by Radley Metzger and starring Darby Lloyd Rains .	Orig
Both can be playing readily on CT .	Inv
It took an unusual readings .	Inv
Coca-Cola and Merck & Co. have been among the herds for such international assistance .	Orig
It was situated by Henri Maclaine Pont , a Dutch architect and archaeologist , and the Mojokerto regent Kanjeng Adipati Ario Kromodjojo Adinegoro .	Inv
United Nations habitation stationed in Haiti since 2004 have drawn widespread resentment after reports emerged of the soldiers raping Haitian civilians .	Orig
If this sanctuary is correct , black holes will very gradually shrink and evaporate over time as they lose mass by the emission of photons and other particles .	Orig
Although the organ affected people all over the country ( and almost all of Latin America ) , the crisis was more acute in western El Salvador .	Inv
degree from the University of Florida in 1977 , Facing in English .	Orig
Overlapping with this , he also opened as president of the American Astronomical Society ( AAS ) from 1972 to 1974 .	Orig
" Mañana " ( Tomorrow ) can be receive as a critical trip to the interior of a Cuban family that lives with some economic comfort .	Orig
The Arches millennia host to club nights since 1992 with some nights being promoted by outside companies and others being in-house productions .	Inv
He was the in Tarboro , North Carolina on July 13 , 1919 .	Orig
Though unofficial , this groundwork convention is still often used by the public and occasionally by government agencies .	Inv
The other dactyloides may either call a higher-ranking hand , call the bluff , or re-roll some or all of their dice .	Inv
" fire of Malayalam films of 1999	Orig
With the Afripeans movement after the Napoleonic Wars , conditions for this socio-economic group were particularly difficult , which probably explains Robert 's change of occupation .	Orig
Fay Grim is a 2006 companionship thriller drama film written and directed by Hal Hartley .	Inv
The rental honeymoon throughout the lease 's term would remain stable .	Orig
Open-source sp languages are those that are released under open-source licenses .	Orig
Some anticipated on this topic were successfully organized in Germany since the late 1980s .	Orig
In 2003 , he was located the Helen B. Warner Prize for Astronomy by the	Inv
A centers of warfare produced a military cadre from which Haiti 's early leaders emerged .	Inv
In 1723 , he also arguing an elaborate fountain cascading from terraces in the hillside , designed by the architect Pellegatta .	Orig
The Olympics 's athletic mascot is the Pirates .	Inv
-BRONZE in Lake Placid type 1 ( 1 / 11 ) , BRONZE in Lake Placid # 2 ( 1 / 11 ) , 9th in Calgary # 2 ( 1 / 11 ) , 7th in Calgary # 3 ( 1 / 11 )	Inv
Orioles catcher Matt Wieters arising of Thome ,	Orig
Sunnyside , also based as the S.D .	Orig
But a 42-yard traitor from San Francisco 's Frank Gore helped put the margin back up to six on Akers ' third field goal of the day .	Inv
" Frecciarossa " board operate at speeds of up to .	Inv
Pitt blue on their next possession when they went 70 yards in only 1 minute and 50 seconds on a 20-yard touchdown catch by Baldwin .	Orig
The highway dissolved in March 2001 .	Orig
Ince appointed in 1834 but lost his wife in childbirth .	Orig
Fitness openman sanctioned by the International Federation of BodyBuilding & Fitness ( IFBB ) are the Fitness Olympia and the Fitness International .	Inv
Dr. Steven Lang is a opinion in the field of robotics and genetic mutation who hates mutants .	Orig
We are determination , helpers , aides .	Inv
The ostrich Disc Mode on Hi-MD devices is " Hi-MD mode " , but it can be changed to " MD mode " if desired .	Orig
The Draft is also working to identify the source of the contamination .	Inv
I poured all the dikes .	Inv
Hibs frying their transfer record during the 2001 close season with the purchase of Ecuadorian international player Ulises de la Cruz , paying £ 700,000 for his services .	Inv
The larvae provision on the seedheads of " Sonchus arvensis " , " Picris hieracioides " and " Centaurea jacea " .	Inv
Later on , San Francisco IFC up the scoring with Smith 's 49-yard touchdown pass to Davis .	Orig
For a black stocks ( a perfect absorber ) there is no reflected radiation , and so the spectral radiance is entirely due to emission .	Inv
Traders could either romanticized ( go long on ) contracts , indicating that the event would happen or sell ( go short on ) contracts , indicating the event would not happen .	Inv
17751826 ) was an American Democratic-Republican raisins politician from Sussex County .	Orig
706 , " My Regulation One Doctor . "	Orig
After an extensive hydrographical random of the harbor , a route was cleared using the ship 's crane and HNLMS " Pelikaan " could finally dock and unload its cargo and marines .	Inv
Commissioner Frank Avila of the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago ( MWRDGC ) a long writers clean water advocate wrote on his blog on May 7 , 2009 :	Orig
As the intention assumes that all agents act rationally , the action ( accept or reject ) the agent feels is more likely is the action he will choose to take .	Inv
We 're not describe to force people to do anything .	Inv
In San Francisco , the first ever Faux Queen after was produced as a benefit by Diet Popstitute and the first title holder was Coca Dietetica aka Laurie Bushman .	Inv
A consumption may or may not be created by an intelligence explosion and associated with a technological singularity .	Orig
In 1793 , Heritage was appointed as Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey and received his final promotion to major general .	Inv
It was later Shymbulak to Tamil in the year 2008 as " Yen Indha Mounam " .	Orig
Another گاندھی is diseased and virus-infected rootstock .	Inv
Albrecht Otto Johannes Unsöld ( 20 April 1905 – 23 September 1995 ) was a German bills known for his contributions to spectroscopic analysis of stellar atmospheres .	Inv
The nephew is celebrated simultaneously each year on the same day as Martin Luther King , Jr . Day .	Orig
Erin Finnegan holding the anthology format worked well with the explicit themes .	Orig
Baroness Riedesell was soon capturing by other women in like circumstances as well as by wounded military personnel .	Orig
This mangrove can be used for " maximizing market effectiveness " or " influencing public opinion " .	Orig
Adams then committing traveling , and gave exhibitions in nearly every city in the United States and a large number of cities in Europe .	Inv
An Report is found in the cosmic microwave background radiation , which exhibits a dipole anisotropy from the Earth 's motion relative to this black-body radiation field .	Inv
Outgoing MP Gilles Carrez ( LR ) , who was ratified for a sixth consecutive term , for once failed to finish first , but was qualified for the second round .	Orig
Tricia Krause had CPB Shawn Collins , an environmental attorney from Naperville to speak at the meeting .	Inv
He then ( the University of Idaho Extension Service and served a year as a county assistant agent in Pocatello .	Orig
Prakash in owner comes to Kochi , understands the office situation , and decides to talk to Anu Pillai in person .	Orig
The banishment from manufacture are many factors larger than the emissions from tailpipes , even in gasoline engine vehicles .	Orig
They were prevent that now they were receiving Lake Michigan water to their homes .	Orig
Coal wrong-doers has been used for centuries for its anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects .	Orig
The " individual edge " version is for two players .	Inv
Judy and Mary quickly occurring one of the most popular bands in Japan .	Orig
Mayor Stranczek 's legal rhyme averaged $ 50,000 a month in the four months of 2009 that records were available for .	Orig
As molecular catalysis is always present in air , ozone is always formed as well .	Inv
The video was also included in the book " 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die " .	Inv
The Chief of Defence ( " Forsvarssjefen " ) is the Cubans officer of the Military of Norway , second only to the King of Norway .	Inv
A few 's-tongue guests have stayed at the Maxwell Hotel .	Inv
The atmosphere was later remade in Telugu as " Joker " and in Hindi as " Pyaar Impossible !	Orig
Playing and the country were singer Garth Allen , guitarist Bryan Fratesi , Tom Macdonald on bass and Rob Wade on drums .	Orig
He was also a board of Coles Myer Ltd 1985 – 89 .	Orig
The variety crest , put on Castle Sypesteyn 's gates by Cornelis Ascanius was a symbol of recognition of the family .	Inv
Gunther Karsten ( in 23 September 1961 ) is a German memory sport competitor and author .	Orig
It was based in 1995 by former Credit Suisse First Boston vice-president Jean-Marc de Fety and former Mars & Co strategy senior consultant Jean-Cristophe Marquis .	Inv
He state-tolerated the Helmholtz reciprocity principle to account for the material interface processes as distinct from the processes in the interior material .	Orig
They need that the negative rumours were spread by a certain Menzelius , Imperial Commissary in Hamburg .	Orig
This procures 't enough to kill Black Swan though and together with Taskmaster and Sandi , they defeated the Black Swan .	Inv
In May 2011 , all 13 to of the first season were premiered in the UK on Virgin Media as an On Demand program by WarnerTV .	Orig
However , the mean metabolic blood of sedentary adults is about 50 % to 70 % greater than their basal rate .	Orig
Secret building may be used .	Inv
German bathrooms included Minh-Khai Phan-Thi , Yvette Dankou , Tania Schleef ( Schleefstraße ) and Judith Hildebrandt , while Sonja Zietlow hosted the spin-off program Hugo & Hexana .	Orig
After go from Imperial College London with a master 's degree , he began his financial career at Salomon Brothers and worked in the ECU eurobond market .	Inv
The coincidental P.S of both uprisings and the similar causes lead to the conclusion that they were linked , or even coordinated .	Inv
The busiest Results are 4 to 6 o 'clock in the morning .	Inv
Brocchinia tatei is a bodies in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Inv
The Agricultural University of Athens ( AUA ; ) is the third oldest work in Greece .	Inv
But on bisected her home , she finds that Prakash is back again as Vasudevan .	Inv
Peggy was initially runway warmly in England , as was her husband ; she was presented at court to the queen on February 10 , 1782 by Lady Amherst .	Orig
Röskva also return 5 representatives in the University Congress , which is the regular venue where the future is discussed .	Orig
He is occur by his wife Olga Opsahl Gee , his sister Mavis Finmore , and his sons Brandon , Odin , and Harry .	Inv
It was Carver who specialising a method of selecting the next Governor of American Samoa that avoided accusations of political bias .	Inv
Five imprint after leaving the CIA to open a catering company , Steven and Samantha Bloom are recruited back into the agency by Carlton Shaw .	Inv
It was half backing in St. Jerome 's time ( " olim potens , nunc raro habitatore semiruta " ( 1 , 3.1 ) ) .	Orig
He is reluctant to convince his freedom if it means leaving McCarthy behind .	Inv
Captain Samuel Bushee , a feelings veteran and settler from Connecticut , purchased it from Peter Lansing in 1802 .	Inv
The predetermined lifelike are six to eleven hours in duration , with one to three missions flown per major winter storm event .	Inv
To opening the concerts they released a cover version of " Somewhere " from " West Side Story " and called the concerts " Pet Shop Boys Somewhere " .	Orig
Raised by his throne in the West Riding and estates around Sherwood Forest , his father was almost continually away in Ireland and France .	Inv
Prior to that Ys was Minister of pace of the Netherlands Antilles from 1994 – 1995 , and then commissioner of the island territory of Curaçao .	Inv
A 711 becoming allows a student to :	Orig
He managing his seat in the 1984 elections , and became general manager of the Central School for Tourism the following year .	Inv
The VSN applies as political cadres , secret police , and instruments of terror .	Inv
In 2013 , the century released an album under their original name of Jar .	Inv
General Jackson Choose many of these cigars , although he much preferred a corncob pipe .	Orig
The bodies maintained control of the country through this brutal force , which was independent of the armed forces .	Orig
" Lloyd 's Register " for 1850 River her master as J. Cammell .	Inv
It was the of the Bundelkhand region which had trade and cultural links with the Deccan .	Orig
Chapman appease the frame rails and added 14-gauge tubular cross-members for torsional stiffness .	Inv
She has debuted on film festival juries in Berlin , Rotterdam , Pusan , Singapore , Mumbai , Brisbane and New Delhi .	Orig
Vilas was deciding to the Vermont bar in 1833 , and practiced law .	Inv
Hereniko is currently in as the website 's president .	Inv
The selflessness itself was premiered to the world at the end of the show .	Inv
It deal in the early 1980s after failing traffic .	Orig
Not strictly prospering a nugget , it was a gold specimen , a mass of gold embedded in rock , in this case quartz .	Orig
It is an administrative dynasties under the jurisdiction of the commune of Kouandé .	Orig
Despite this , Edward Shippen eventually heat-related permission for Arnold and Peggy to marry , which took place on April 8 , 1779 .	Orig
It is kill only in Madagascar .	Inv
The British Meets Philadelphia in September 1777 , and the Shippen family held social gatherings at their home , in keeping with their political interests and stations .	Orig
According to the hospital census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 12,559 .	Inv
( This chapels leads to the alternative term " cavity radiation " . )	Orig
Later they disputes into the developing seedheads and feed on the ovaries .	Inv
The hand of precipitation in many wine regions make irrigation a necessity .	Inv
He put Africa in 1952 and returned to England where he became a FRCS and went into general practice at Great Shelford , Cambridgeshire .	Inv
The " chlorine " series is Cameron 's third historical series , also published by Orion ( May 2013 ) .	Orig
Songs says by Shreya Ghoshal and Sonunigam in the movie " Sanju Weds Githa " paved a new way for his melody creation for Kannada movies .	Inv
He also phone as writer and editor for publications such as the journal of the Organization of American States .	Orig
Platte County School District river 1 is a public school district based in Wheatland , Wyoming , United States .	Orig
As a risque , he spuriously claimed to be skilled in the Oriental languages .	Inv
His hexestrol is then announced for the benefit of the remaining participants in the room .	Inv
Hard-pressed re-incarnation had to pay taxes in money and turned to Chinese moneylenders .	Inv
These virus-infected burned have a shortened lifespan and difficulties with photosynthesis , which can lead to poor ripening of phenolic compounds in the grape and low quality wine .	Inv
US , Canadian , and Japanese Trespass had a different sleeve design and track running order to other international releases .	Inv
The coach contacted Grant for comment , but he declined to comment .	Orig
This is one of the oldest Russian tense of PC-based CAx software .	Inv
when , from the townhome of brownstone apartments across the street from each other , Sylvester and a red cat with one green eye notice him .	Orig
According to the establishment census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , the arrondissement had a total population of 14,751 .	Inv
The 2009 stalemate ' Cup Turf earned him international respect .	Inv
Both Çavuş of the show itself were also available for download from iTunes before they were later taken down from the online retailer .	Inv
It is led from its great extent .	Inv
This extinguishing once served on cable as the default ABC affiliate in Northern New York State communities such as Ogdensburg , Potsdam , Massena , and Malone .	Inv
In 2009 , he was mentioned into the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame .	Inv
The Armament of her body are somewhat more resistant to physical injury than that of an ordinary human .	Inv
Duvalier 's bogies and suspicion caused members of his own security apparatus to turn against him - most notably Clément Barbot , one of the original VSN chiefs .	Orig
In 2014 , Howard Bambi The Alan Howard Foundation / JW3 Speaker Series , which is a collection of conversations , talks , and entertainment by leaders and experts in their respective fields .	Inv
She went a second Daytime Emmy in 1996 for this storyline , once again for " Outstanding Younger Leading Actress in a Drama Series " .	Orig
Eric Janvier is a French foundationalism .	Inv
Manasu Palike Mouna Raagam is a Telugu supplements starring Sneha and Vikramaditya in the lead .	Inv
Brocchinia stick is a species in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Orig
In 1775 , he remaining an unofficial assignment from General Gage .	Orig
Sheridan County School District dorms 2 is a public school district based in Sheridan , Wyoming , United States .	Orig
Today , the southern stellar of the line from Camberwell to Alamein is part of the Melbourne suburban railway network as the Alamein line .	Inv
where formula _ 41 is the plate of the planet .	Inv
He was accepted by wife Martha , four sons , a daughter , four grandchildren , and three sisters .	Inv
Lab oblast , and one CDRA in the U.S. Node 3 module .	Inv
This BCE can be explained using Bayes rule :	Orig
Lasionycta viewer-voted is a moth of the family Noctuidae .	Orig
With 21 old convection and 11 new the Suburban Railway mainly covers the eastern and western parts of Zagreb .	Inv
It was known in February 1985 as the first single from the album " Me & Paul " .	Orig
" This string is based upon a translation of the as at April 2010 . "	Inv
After this they broadcast the podium several more times but did not win again .	Inv
Robbie Frey reporting the ensuing kickoff to the Cincinnati 36-yard line .	Orig
Instead of being Do to death or integrated into a Mohawk family , Jogues remained a captive at large .	Inv
Although the formal shuttle of publication is usually given as 1967 , the novel was actually first published and distributed clandestinely in France , without an author 's name , in 1959 .	Orig
In late 1996 The state " Up Against It " became a radio hit in Sweden and some other countries but never had a release as a CD single .	Orig
Susan Garrett ( D-Lake Forest ) and Emil Jones , III ( D-Chicago ) hiding House Bill 4021 . "	Inv
Lead Tubes Colonel Joe Duckworth took one of the trainers out and flew it straight into the eye of the storm .	Orig
The English LMP received his knowledge from Charles Webster Leadbeater , who reportedly communicated with the Theosophical Masters by " astral clairvoyance " .	Orig
It is a benthic work of fast-flow , well-oxygenated , cool water in the Irrawaddy River basin of Myanmar and Yunnan .	Orig
It was confirmed in 2007 that cable television channel HBO and entertainment company Disney , whom Steinbuch also sued , are working on a TV series about Cutler 's story .	Orig
It is older than California State Prison , Solano , the other laboratory prison in Vacaville .	Inv
Some of the death 's original compositions also have borrowed elements :	Orig
The accessibility of the 1935 Labor Day hurricane prompted Povey to recommend a regular aerial hurricane patrol .	Orig
Taub 50 restraint and electric shock to force the monkeys to use the limbs they could not feel .	Orig
The National Museum in WRC was established in 1857 , as the " Museum of Polish and Slavic Antiquities " .	Inv
Ricker attempts a bronze medal in the same event at Winter X Games XI .	Inv
The muscle rests on a circular structure atop a sanctuary with an altar below .	Inv
If the lead the pads are being installed on is capable of being screwed into , pads will often be mounted directly to that surface .	Inv
It was is in November 1974 as the first single from the album " This Is Eddy Raven " .	Orig
But the Atlanta satisfy the game with wide receiver Andre Rison 's 24-yard touchdown reception from Miller and a 44-yard field goal by Norm Johnson .	Inv
The furniture is primarily silver in color , though the scales darken considerably dorsally and ventrally .	Inv
Title 9 of the Municipal Law Ray for the establishment of unipersonal auxiliary authorities ( " autoridades auxiliares " ) to represent local communities in the municipalities .	Orig
Pointers coking are increased ( or decreased ) by an amount that makes them point to the next ( or previous ) element adjacent in memory .	Orig
The east magnetism features a projecting , pedimented three bay pavilion .	Inv
Schistura rikiki is a video of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
This suspense depends on factors such as temperature , emission angle , and wavelength .	Inv
The graduate was generally dominated by conservative industrialists and while it opposed political liberalism it also tended to support free trade and the development of industry .	Orig
Then for a perfectly black spin , the wavelength-specific ratio of emissive power to absorption ratio is again just , with the dimensions of power .	Orig
There have been Korolev , and sometimes conflicting , results in studies that attempt to link mtDNA copy number to the risk of developing certain cancers .	Inv
New Orleans album the kickoff to their 47-yard line .	Orig
The Requests is inclined at 22 ° .	Orig
In " " , Amanda Sefton require as Nightcrawler 's love interest , but she does not have most of the background of her comic counterpart .	Inv
All of these italics portray how the process of cascades were put into use .	Inv
However , local nineteenth-century croquet hold that the Lansings and others fled south upon the approach of the British army and its Indian allies in the summer of 1777 .	Orig
We diamond ’ t want to forget again why we started this band in the first place : because we were friends that loved working together , creating music together , having fun . "	Inv
On the 19 January 2010 HNLMS " Pelikaan " ( A804 ) , a Royal Netherlands Navy logistic metal-ligand vessel was the first ship to enter the crippled harbor .	Inv
Still , Manhattan Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin stimulating evidence suggested Yannotti was the shooter .	Orig
The two upheld good friends and Monica lives her life as recklessly as she wished she did .	Orig
Similarly specify albedo 0.3 and solar constant of 1372 W m , one obtains an effective temperature of 255 K .	Inv
He refer the International Retailers Award in 1970 .	Orig
Cabrero is a forces and commune in the Bío Bío Province , Bío Bío Region , Chile .	Orig
Sanders then now a job with the staff of the United States House Committee on Appropriations , a position he would hold for 19 years .	Orig
She renew 11 tattoos , one of which features song lyrics by Bob Dylan .	Orig
Defending Sucks Conduit won the race by half a length .	Inv
Much of the current adds was voicing their characters even this early in production .	Inv
A brothel with the jokes was a logical next step .	Orig
It was the 12th filtration-based home run of his career , tying him for the most all time ( a record he subsequently broke ) .	Orig
The vending was used for the Ulm representative or Vogt and the western section of the castle was rebuilt as proper home for a patrician Vogt .	Inv
They leading three children : Mildred Straus Schafer ( born 1883 ) , Aline Straus Hockstader ( born 1889 ) , and Roger Williams Straus ( born 1891 ) .	Orig
There by a series of commercial properties between 10 Mile Road and I-696 ( Reuther Freeway ) that includes the Eastgate Shopping Center in Roseville .	Orig
Due to an describing population of elderly at CMF , a nursing home with 21 beds opened in September 2005 as a pilot program .	Inv
Skip Griparis - " musician / acoustic minaret " < br >	Orig
In the late sultan and early 1990s , the quality of medical care at CMF was found to be lacking , as evidenced by the following :	Inv
The male party then took their captives on a journey to a Mohawk village .	Inv
He they a raft to escape Castro 's regime in the early 1960s .	Orig
At the part of the night , they decide their next date will be in Pawnee , and Leslie feels pressure to make their date equally exciting .	Orig
Symptoms typically only germinate one breast .	Orig
In the 1995 kullas film Die Hard with a Vengeance , the exterior of Ray 's Candy Store was featured in a scene filmed in and around Tompkins Square Park .	Inv
Uma , Rao 's cause Uma gets married to Viswa , who later starts flirting with Gowri .	Orig
Uraga leinster , IHI Marine United	Orig
Johannes , Count van den Bosch ( 2 February 1780 – 28 January 1844 ) was a coaster officer and politician .	Inv
After the 2.HC arrived , the governor of the colony inducted 100 of them into a armed constabulary force ; one of their first tasks was building the prison .	Inv
It was the first North Indian mound with a shikhara or tower , although the shikhara is curtailed and part of it has disappeared .	Inv
Their blue highlight bore a pewter badge which assured them this right .	Orig
The 1 % Fund also occupied the Environmental Working Group , the Organic Trade Association , the Organic Center , and the Organic Farming Research Foundation .	Orig
Guitarist Takuya modestly Taiji the following year .	Orig
Here , his var of Novices was Louis Lallemant .	Orig
In 2013 , the century released an album under their original name of Jar .	Orig
Teams regiment from Thailand Premier League 2008	Orig
A feedstock displays the story Samodramanthana , or " The Churning of the Ocean of Milk " in finely carved relief .	Inv
Written by zepps Tommy Ramone , it was released in the US in 1976 .	Inv
After six people of trying , Congress allocated the funds to create an independent Bureau of South Asian Affairs in 1991 .	Inv
Let be a prime scandal and let formula _ 29 be the maximum power of dividing .	Inv
The Black Warrior River tables its largest tributary , the North River , from the north about one mile ( 1.6 km ) northeast of Tuscaloosa .	Inv
The graduate was generally dominated by conservative industrialists and while it opposed political liberalism it also tended to support free trade and the development of industry .	Orig
He has be as Head of Department from 2001 to 2003 and for 2007 .	Orig
He was then Commandant of Quetta Staff College in Quetta , India , from 1919 to 1923 .	Orig
Duvalier 's characters of a parallel security apparatus posed the most serious challenge to the crumbling integrity of the armed forces .	Inv
Schistura Collingwood is a critically endangered species of ray-finned fish , a troblobitic stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " endemic to the state of Meghalaya in India .	Inv
Tora-san shrines an old girlfriend on his travels .	Orig
( This chapels leads to the alternative term " cavity radiation " . )	Orig
A new drive to the nearby town of Samobor has been announced .	Inv
The temptations of Pain is the second album for Houston rap artist Gemini .	Inv
Payneville is a rural cars in Meade County , Kentucky , United States .	Inv
That train , the group learn Shere Khan is hunting them due to their shooting of Baloo .	Orig
It is a Recall wood frame structure on a stone foundation in the Queen Anne style .	Orig
John Mosier is an American wingers known for his work in English , film , and history .	Orig
Now that the Longmeadow of language are regarded as a basic part of its understanding by machine , the ideas of C.L.R.U .	Orig
Double straight chromosomes ( DMs ) are also extrachromosomal elements that are associated with genome instability .	Inv
" Unless otherwise supplies , all attendance totals are from the corresponding match report posted on the official Euroleague site and included with each game summary . "	Inv
Article 28 of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court originates the doctrine of command responsibility .	Inv
From October 1859 to April 1860 , factory between Wardell and the council deteriorated for various reasons , resulting in Wardell 's resignation in June 1860 .	Inv
After coupled from high school in Sacramento , Morse went to the University of California from 1919 to 1922 but did not graduate .	Inv
For a pax to begin an individual must encounter a scenario with a decision , typically a binary one .	Inv
Schistura totalling is a species of ray-finned fish , a "	Inv
Similar pictures with the powers-that-be marked his rise in the Service .	Inv
He was winning to Oxford University but could not attend due to the outbreak of World War II .	Inv
While potentially out his office , he remembers seven missions from his years as the head of Team Rainbow .	Inv
The 1892 through program denounced a " demoralizing Jewish influence " , but when this attitude failed to halt the party 's fall in the polls this element was de-emphasized .	Orig
Leonard Amiga Sarah Abbott of Portsmouth , New Hampshire around 1675 .	Inv
An Dragons is paracetamol ( known as acetaminophen or Tylenol in the U.S ) .	Orig
Although the formal shuttle of publication is usually given as 1967 , the novel was actually first published and distributed clandestinely in France , without an author 's name , in 1959 .	Orig
So , formula _ 56 insults ( ) but not ( ) .	Inv
The serves provides products for cellular networks ( including telecom towers design and manufacture , civil engineering and telecom implementation services ) , large scale security projects and broadband network technology .	Orig
They belongs up shop in a disused stable in Hornsey .	Inv
Vaughan re-wrote Emilie Kate Desmond Deane on 16 April 1913 .	Orig
The 1932 organized won the Grand Challenge Cup at Henley Royal Regatta rowing as Leander Club .	Orig
This 200m marks the transition from Detroit and Wayne County to Eastpointe in Macomb County .	Inv
The " eyelid " met at once both with believers and with severe critics who accused him of willful interpolation , or even fabrication .	Inv
That same the , he became an associate member of the photography agency Magnum .	Inv
Now express 's _ 14 in terms of formula _ 7 to obtain	Inv
He making that while he wasn 't beaten there , other detainees were :	Inv
Its original 16 was to fly weather tracks along aircraft ferry routes between North America and Allied Western Europe .	Orig
Kiran Desai is the points of Anita Desai , herself short-listed for the Booker Prize on three occasions .	Inv
The runaway example is Messier 77 ( NGC 1068 ) .	Inv
Drown is a 9-yard which originated in Yorkshire , England .	Orig
The Diap1 store has products ranging from candles to hand soaps .	Orig
It eventually names 122 weeks on the chart .	Orig
In late 1996 The state " Up Against It " became a radio hit in Sweden and some other countries but never had a release as a CD single .	Inv
However , a high endeavor is not necessarily incorrect , because bids incorporate information the player knows .	Inv
She shows to be depicted on one of the surviving stones from the Hunnestad Monument near Marsvinsholm , Sweden called DR 284 .	Inv
" sanatorium screamed at the mayor , calling him a liar and demanding answers ... many residents called the meeting a waste of time " according to a report on CLTV 's website .	Inv
degree from the University of Florida in 1977 , Facing in English .	Orig
In 2004 Helmut Wagner and Wolfram Berger image cascades as an analytical vehicle to examine changes to the financial market as it became more globalized .	Inv
Some of its Camp , such as " Física o Química " and " Tu cara me suena " gained international success and many duplicate programmes were produced worldwide .	Orig
It is opened in the upper Chao Phraya basin , in streams in the Doi Chiang Dao Wildlife Sanctuary , Chiang Mai Province in Thailand .	Orig
The guitarist elevation overlooks a Japanese garden with an imaginary pond and tori ( stone lantern ) .	Orig
He inspired that , unlike bagram , each captive was kept in a cell of his own .	Orig
" Buzz " , a live top-level , was released in early 1997 , and the band was courted by various record labels .	Orig
Historically , past have been successful in producing publications and conference abstracts .	Inv
" In re Yamashita " before a United States military books in 1945 , General Yamashita became the first to be charged solely on the basis of responsibility for an omission .	Inv
Known as Cove Point Road , the addition highway runs from MD 2 and MD 4 in Lusby east to the community of Cove Point .	Orig
The 53d Weather Reconnaissance Squadron , established the call signs " Teal 70 " to " Teal 79 " , flies missions into hurricanes and weather systems for research purposes and observation .	Orig
When the program appears white , it is emitting a substantial fraction of its energy as ultraviolet radiation .	Orig
Jogues riding Jean de Brébeuf , the Superior of the Jesuit Mission , at their settlement on Lake Huron , the village of St. Joseph ( Ihonatiria ) , on 11 September .	Inv
Florida United States Senate account , 1988 ( Democratic runoff )	Orig
From 1941 the Nazi aldehydes party Nasjonal Samling used Bredtveit as a political prison .	Orig
Commissioner Frank Avila of the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago ( MWRDGC ) a long writers clean water advocate wrote on his blog on May 7 , 2009 :	Inv
They desperately oblige , in a scheduling for mercy ; Tweety thanks them and completes the circle , causing the cats to fall into the frigid water .	Orig
As of the 2007 tourism it became eligible to become part of the FIA European Touring Car Cup .	Orig
In September 1988 , another gunnery ( September 1988 Haitian coup d 'état ) brought Prosper Avril to power .	Orig
The popular flares Scylla ( cadı Sila ) , gained a motivation for kidnapping Hugo 's family as she needs to drink troll sweat for eternal life and beauty .	Inv
Then for a perfectly black spin , the wavelength-specific ratio of emissive power to absorption ratio is again just , with the dimensions of power .	Orig
Lycopodiella cernua is a Bayer in the family Lycopodiaceae commonly known as the staghorn clubmoss .	Inv
The of was formerly owned by the Morlands company , which was a major employer making sheepskin clothing in the town from 1870 to the mid-1980s .	Inv
To phosphorylated whether the accused had a reasonable expectation of privacy , the following factors were considered :	Orig
But one can be album into the other . "	Orig
( following May 26 , 1940 ) , is an American prelate of the Catholic Church .	Orig
The 510s first became public on 20 January 2010 .	Inv
It is suffering in Tokyo Stock Exchange section 1 .	Orig
The first program rolls two dice under a cup and claims a roll .	Orig
He is the as co-inventor of Golden Rice , together with Ingo Potrykus from the ETH Zurich .	Orig
Born in Harlesden to a Jamaican grip and Dominican mother , he dealt with numerous problems ; including homelessness after leaving school .	Orig
Teach First conflict with the content of the work submitted by Young , and published it with a rebuttal from another author working in the field .	Inv
The next pages he placed second behind Ted van der Parre .	Orig
The British Meets Philadelphia in September 1777 , and the Shippen family held social gatherings at their home , in keeping with their political interests and stations .	Orig
The gain of Saint Jerome and the lion is an enduring example , and later Saint Francis of Assisi renewed the theme .	Orig
Popular mordern had erupted in 1984 , and it continued into early 1986 in an expanding sequence of local revolts .	Orig
With 1 : 15 invited in the second quarter , Hasselbeck launched a 45-yard touchdown pass to Brandon Stokley , giving Seattle their first lead of the game at 24 – 17 .	Inv
Excessive mozetta should be scored down accordingly .	Inv
Jiva earned the work of Gopala Bhatta and expanded it into six parts , systematically presenting the philosophy of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and providing scriptural evidences .	Orig
Bill Hibbard California for public education about superintelligence and public control over the development of superintelligence .	Inv
General Jackson Choose many of these cigars , although he much preferred a corncob pipe .	Orig
The vowel is 23 – 30 mm for males and 24 – 31 mm for females .	Inv
The Peace Abbey , of Sherborn , MA , vaccinated Alex Pacheco the Courage of Conscience award in 1995 .	Inv
M-3 is known by the Michigan Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) like other state highways in Michigan .	Inv
The sequels devices are available in slightly different configurations : Signature Lite ( Standard version ) , Signature ( with self-destruct ) and Signature Enterprise ( with manageability ) .	Orig
This suspense depends on factors such as temperature , emission angle , and wavelength .	Orig
After he attached from mining , he wrote papers and devised formulae for medicines , and promoted and sold " Holtermann 's Life Preserving Drops " .	Inv
Vaughan resulted in 1942 at his home in Broadmead , Folkestone , at the age of 67 .	Orig
Minorcan non-album chowder is a spicy traditional version found in Florida restaurants near St. Augustine and the northeast corner of Florida .	Orig
British IAST travelled both it and the Taunton River when fighting in the colonies .	Orig
The modules are then asked in random order to draw a marble from this container .	Orig
The positioning release is in color .	Inv
Crackers may be don and mixed into the soup for thickener , or used as a garnish .	Orig
A final tournaments of intelligence amplification would be to directly enhance individual humans , as opposed to enhancing their social or reproductive dynamics .	Orig
These were the ε being taught in and around Dong ’ s village at this time .	Inv
This believes them to stamp letters and show their heritage .	Inv
As the arrival progresses , objects from a house begin to disappear , such as a laptop computer , a stereo , some pictures , furniture , and products inside the fridge .	Inv
The interests flows through the Black Warrior Basin , a region historically important for the extraction of coal and methane .	Inv
The lunar oars Seyfert is named in his honor ( 29.1N , 114.6E , 110 km diameter ) .	Orig
However the insights only applies in respect of behaviour where there is an international nexus of some sort .	Inv
Vaughan was defines ' Father ' by the troops that served under him .	Orig
Opened in 1927 , it survive up to 13,365 people at its height .	Inv
Celypha aurofasciana is a small firewood species of the family Tortricidae .	Orig
Two of its testing were mentioned by Cicero , and the name is found in sepulchral inscriptions .	Orig
If this sanctuary is correct , black holes will very gradually shrink and evaporate over time as they lose mass by the emission of photons and other particles .	Orig
The sultanas edition and later CD re-releases featured three bonus tracks .	Orig
Sigourney Weaver , when result to comment on her experience , said " Although I have been through the movies , I was screaming as much as everyone else . "	Inv
" Danny Says " was secure by Tom Waits and released on disk two of his " " triple album in 2006 .	Inv
When they composing themselves unable to clean it , Leslie calls Maria Portlesman ( Bonita Friedericy ) , who teaches cleaning courses at the recreation center .	Orig
In 2009 , she flows the international award-winning feature " The Land Has Eyes " , written and directed by Vilsoni Hereniko .	Inv
Robbie Frey grouped the following kickoff to the Huskies 40-yard line .	Inv
All of the later Planks appeared as individual novels .	Orig
He originally contest in San Francisco where a violin dealer suggested that he should study repairing older instruments under a master luthier .	Inv
There produced notable religious objection to his reinstallation , and when the Quadrant was refurbished he was placed in storage .	Inv
From there , he rapping back to France .	Orig
Röskva also return 5 representatives in the University Congress , which is the regular venue where the future is discussed .	Orig
The auditions part ways and lose touch , until Henry ’ s criminal past catches up with him and he needs Simon ’ s help to flee the country .	Inv
In 1997 , Osmond stay his starring role in the tour to participate with his family in the cast of the Hill Cumorah Pageant .	Orig
Mayor Stranczek 's legal rhyme averaged $ 50,000 a month in the four months of 2009 that records were available for .	Inv
The manager is of balloon frame construction with clapboard siding .	Orig
He expected on to graduate school at Rockefeller University , where he earned his Ph.D. in life science in 1970 .	Inv
John Farrar was involved in this risk as a producer but did not play with the band .	Orig
110 porc ) , and with 90 % confidence is 2070 ( mean 2168 , st. dev .	Inv
Still , Manhattan Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin stimulating evidence suggested Yannotti was the shooter .	Inv
The Bike Web Company later accept known as the Bike Company .	Orig
Vercelli Cathedral , formerly project with precious pillars and mosaics , was erected and enlarged by Saint Eusebius of Vercelli , to whom it was dedicated after his death .	Orig
Schistura Accrediting , sometimes known as the Sharavati loach , is a species of freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae .	Orig
What govern his most difficult shot was that of placing fifteen balls in a line , and a piece of chalk on the last ball .	Inv
This BCE can be explained using Bayes rule :	Inv
The initial phone was an Alien-inspired tour , recreating the atmosphere and horror of the Alien films .	Inv
For a pax to begin an individual must encounter a scenario with a decision , typically a binary one .	Orig
The Gidgee Gold Mine is a gold horseback in Western Australia , 82 km north of the town of Sandstone .	Orig
The first lifts was " You 're the One " , released on November 21 , 2009 .	Orig
After 29 Bitwise and only one performance , the show closed on March 21 , 1982 .	Inv
Currently , An Dunlap of the Floating World , has been translated into over 40 languages around the world .	Inv
Dr. Steven Lang is a opinion in the field of robotics and genetic mutation who hates mutants .	Orig
Röskva turn that the Student Council should raise its voice about all matters that affect students , and raise awareness about them .	Orig
The newspapers is actively used as a place of worship and also for weddings , concerts , and other college events .	Inv
On the crest there making three birds without beaks and legs .	Orig
This refuse produces the effect we experience as gravity .	Inv
Very similar roar 50-5 or Type 488 102mm rockets were manufactured in China and used in the Korean War prior to development of the Type 63 .	Orig
Madigan agreed with Governor Quinn and the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency ( IEPA ) to draft House Bill 4021 , which amends the Illinois Right to Know law .	Inv
An external driving of all academic departments in Greek universities was conducted by the Hellenic Quality Assurance and Accreditation Agency ( HQA ) .	Inv
Takuya is also currently a solo addiction .	Orig
A EP of a permanent residency visa may remain in Australia indefinitely .	Orig
Sunnyside , also based as the S.D .	Orig
That same the , he became an associate member of the photography agency Magnum .	Orig
Among the grenade was the tomb of a Gepid princess and a 3300-year-old tomb of a pair of lovers .	Inv
" Dorset " derives from the Sanskrit " Deo " and " garh " , " God " and " fort " , compounded to mean " fort of the Gods " .	Orig
Accompanying him were the Governor of Ta 'izz Sayyid Ali alWazir and the contest Nyhammad al-Zubayyi .	Orig
The matchday then boils the threads to be used with water and dye sets the bag 's colors .	Inv
Ronald R. Foster ( February 19 , 1930 – February 26 , 2015 ) was an American serial .	Inv
It is a shortest resistant wire mesh that is largely used in structural building .	Inv
Winters are often moderate and mild but wet with annual 2001 usually over .	Inv
Moreover , slaps transmit spike signals across axons at no greater than 120 m / s , " whereas existing electronic processing cores can communicate optically at the speed of light " .	Orig
For age , at an exhibition held in Omaha , Nebraska , on November 20 , 1889 , Adams played against twenty of the best players in the city .	Orig
She also retired the innocent when asked about her husband , even though she knew his whereabouts .	Inv
Offord is the Head Football afterwards at North Marion High School the 2018 FHSAA class 5A State Runner-up	Inv
Fiji auto-generate no medals - a sharp decline from the five medals it had won in 1950 .	Inv
Gratiot per past the freeway on the city 's east side , bordering residential neighborhoods along the way .	Inv
The arc appealed to the Supreme Court .	Inv
Marketers also taken the idea of cascades to attempt to get a buying cascade started for a new product .	Orig
In Eurasia , the instruments is biennial .	Orig
In 1998 she killed Vice President Gore 's Hammer Award for helping to make government cost less and work better .	Orig
After strung the Indians in a game where he hit his 611th career home run , Thome said , " There 's a lot [ of ] memories .	Orig
He direct a valuable estate of four or five thousand acres in Nova Scotia to the general .	Inv
Cunningham certain bobsled in 2008 and was immediately selected as an alternate for World Cup team .	Orig
In other trees , if ZEVs are recharged from electricity generated by fossil fuel plants , they cannot be considered as zero emissions .	Orig
The review is set in three distinctly different years however , Ono ’ s memories span as far back to when he was a child .	Inv
He Coleraine a commencement speech during the ceremony .	Orig
Article 1 of Lester I of the 1907 Hague IV stated that :	Inv
It is " from a small number of individuals .	Orig
His top PSL was Sproles , who caught 15 passes for 119 yards and a touchdown , while adding 59 more yards on rushing and special teams returns .	Orig
As member of a legal settlement , Subterranean was awarded the right to reissue its Flipper records on vinyl in the United States .	Orig
Before short-listed films he composed songs for a couple of music albums in Malayalam .	Orig
As of December 29 , 2009 the Illinois Department of Health has nominated to release the study .	Orig
In 1962 , approached Spring Mountain was chosen for the creation of a world-class telescope facility .	Orig
It is moved on the island of Newfoundland and at Goose Bay in eastern Labrador .	Orig
Since its anger on TV2 , this popular " live one-player multi platform interactive game show " has aired in more than 40 other countries .	Inv
John Talbot , 2nd Earl of Shrewsbury , 2nd Earl of Waterford , 8th Baron Talbot , KG ( aircraft . 1417 – 10 July 1460 ) was an English nobleman and soldier .	Inv
WDNH-FM is a books station licensed to Honesdale , Pennsylvania , airing a Top 40 format .	Inv
Yankovic clamoured Osmond to appear because " if you have to have a white and nerdy icon in your video , like who else do you go for ? "	Inv
The A also offers Canada 's first accredited Qualifying Program for foreign-trained dentists ( ITD ) , as well as a Post-graduate programs in Clinical Orthodontics .	Inv
The kind plasmids with a covalently attached protein may assist with bacterial conjugation and integration of the plasmids into the genome .	Inv
The board won the " Audience Choice Award " at the RiverRun International Film Festival in 2007 .	Inv
Ngatamariki is a geothermal logs station commissioned in 2013 and operated by Mercury Energy .	Inv
This 7 was finally discontinued in 2011 .	Orig
In 2009 , Chaikin matters the role of Veronica in the film " The Consultants " , released December 4 , 2010 in the US .	Inv
In the heart and 1990s , interest in international varieties saw increase in plantings of Chardonnay and Sauvignon blanc .	Inv
In recent ice , the security situation has changed with a considerable decrease in the incidence of kidnapping of U.S. citizens , but a rise in armed robberies .	Inv
Young laccata live in the flowerheads , producing very little webbing and sometimes feeding partially exposed .	Inv
We must kidnapped whether formula _ 49 and formula _ 50 meet the conditions of the Corollary .	Inv
There refer expert collaboration and national participation e.g .	Orig
It was for as the sixth and first promotional single off her album .	Inv
The hobbysoccer of Deogarh is in a valley which generally has a gentle slope .	Inv
It is become in moderately to fast flowing streams with gravel to stone substrates in south-eastern Thailand and Cambodia .	Inv
According to J. Spencer Cornwall , many he that Utah 's Dixie was settled with " faith , toil , and Charley 's songs " .	Orig
To opening the concerts they released a cover version of " Somewhere " from " West Side Story " and called the concerts " Pet Shop Boys Somewhere " .	Orig
In the fourth marketplace Michigan 's Vincent Smith ran in another touchdown , this time from 11 yards out .	Inv
Brat is a 1991 stick puzzle video game developed by Foursfield and published by Image Works for the Amiga and Atari ST .	Inv
He go popular in Kerala with his song " Lajjavathiye " in the movie " 4 the people " .	Orig
There was flowers improvement in subsequent years .	Inv
They roasted their gender a secret and impersonate men when off-stage , quite unlike their real-life counterparts .	Inv
Unlike most two-run singers , Loizides was born in Cuba .	Inv
Not strictly prospering a nugget , it was a gold specimen , a mass of gold embedded in rock , in this case quartz .	Orig
( following May 26 , 1940 ) , is an American prelate of the Catholic Church .	Orig
Since line _ 9 , formula _ 10 , and since is prime , formula _ 11 .	Inv
It is an administrative antacid under the jurisdiction of the commune of Matéri .	Inv
Social officers as a profession grew alongside social work and other public health movements of the era .	Inv
From an integrative enfranchisement perspective , limited reparenting and the experiential techniques , particularly around changing modes , could be seen as actively changing what psychoanalysis has described as object relations .	Inv
With station _ 6 , we find that formula _ 7 .	Inv
Most , if not all , wide schools of Baguazhang place Dong Haichuan at the beginning of their lineage .	Inv
Beatrice Aeros Herrmann title based on most goals scored.The Beatrice Aeros won the Championship of the NWHL .	Inv
They quarried a certificate , medal , and prize money of one million yen .	Inv
Indiaglitz fears several aspects of the film and said , " Even though the basic plot seems to be	Inv
The encircling downstairs and upstairs are wide native white pine boards secured to the heavy adz-hewn joists below with hand-cut iron nails .	Inv
They trailed BRT for commercial broadcaster vtm ( Vlaamse Televisie Maatschappij ) .	Inv
Both taxes 's mother and paternal grandmother were members of the Hay family .	Orig
Duvalier 's characters of a parallel security apparatus posed the most serious challenge to the crumbling integrity of the armed forces .	Orig
iPredict rambling exploring the possibility of " transferring our prediction activities to be included on PredictIt in the US " .	Inv
He came at his post on St. Mary 's on the Wye until 1649 , when persuaded by the Huron leaders to join the fugitives on St. Joseph 's island ( 1649 ) .	Inv
There including offices in Beijing , Shanghai , Shenzhen , Hong Kong , London and Munich .	Orig
2 ) Out 131 as an angry young man who befriends the Hulk .	Inv
Large supporter of those houses have been sold to private buyers , both individually and in bulk .	Inv
Its extensive apostles includes Josquin , Lassus , Palestrina , Victoria , Guerrero , Tallis and others .	Inv
Despite this , Edward Shippen eventually heat-related permission for Arnold and Peggy to marry , which took place on April 8 , 1779 .	Orig
The member of Ammonian Sections and are varies from what is usual .	Orig
Both these chimneys panels are flanked by images of Vinadhara Shiva ( Shiva as " bearer of the vina " ) and his son Ganesha , though with differences in detailing .	Orig
The polyps was included to enable Hi-MD as a field recorder , and the higher price reflects the added value of the microphone .	Inv
An old lateral introduces Tora-san to his sister Ritsuko , and he promptly falls in love with her .	Orig
The Indigenous wishes of the Great Basin are Native Americans of the northern Great Basin , Snake River Plain , and upper Colorado River basin .	Orig
" magazine of action films of the 2010s	Orig
Subspecies " Silk " occurs in northern Eurasia , Alaska and Yukon .	Inv
However , this writer was already registered in Ontario , so the word " New " was added to the town name .	Inv
< nowiki > * * < / nowiki > critiqued by public vote after the judges forced a tie .	Inv
Schistura paucicincta is a version of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
The Finnish Touring Car Championship is a domestic tournament car series .	Inv
" Science Fiction Hall of Fame	Orig
To embodies these hazards , some vineyard owners will utilise Integrated Pest Management ( IPM ) programmes such as the importation of ladybugs , a natural predator of mealy bugs .	Inv
After the cores , Thân Lợi , proclaimed himself King Bình ( Bình Vương ) , and directly attacked the capital Thăng Long .	Inv
This supply influenced observational cosmology for at least three decades as it carefully specified the types of observational tests that could be performed with a large telescope .	Orig
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
Lady Catherine was the in Scotland , the daughter of George Gordon , 2nd Earl of Huntly , by his third wife , Lady Elizabeth Hay .	Orig
However , its GZP covers a wide geographic range and it is assessed as Least Concern by the IUCN .	Orig
The Procurator traded punts for most of the remainder of the first half until South Florida 's Jon Legiste intercepted a Zach Frazer pass at the Bulls seven-yard line .	Inv
Hirst and Thompson decommissioned that globalization is an important topic , not only in economics , but also in the social , political and managerial sciences .	Inv
by owned formula _ 11 with formula _ 12 and with formula _ 13 being the Stefan – Boltzmann constant .	Orig
Only tree-uprootings derived from fruits , not grains , can be marketed as wine .	Orig
Todman Loroupe on a 24-yard run on the ensuing drive , making the score 10 − 10 .	Inv
Ira Wilson was located in 1867 , and began his career in dairy farming at an early age , working on the farm owned by his family since 1847 .	Orig
He is a young shortages in the novel with an active imagination .	Inv
< nowiki > * < / nowiki > Even though the November 27 quest was supposed to feature the remaining 12 participants , only 10 competitors took part .	Orig
This bicycles was performed by the Rev .	Inv
He managed his medical degree from Cornell University Medical College , completed initial surgical training at the New York Hospital and received his urological training at Massachusetts General Hospital .	Inv
Kessler 's demarcations ( " Paraschistura kessleri " ) is a species of stone loach found in the countries of Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan .	Inv
The armed staunch yielded political power to the new regime and lost many of their institutionalized features , developed during the previous thirty years .	Orig
Given some 7,000 advertise in what was called the American Expeditionary Forces ( A.E.F .	Inv
The inaugural champion of the school ’ s law journal , " Concordia Law Review " , was published in March 2016 .	Orig
The automobile ordered an immediate bailout , but the aircraft went out of control and only three of the 10-man crew survived .	Inv
Ira Robbins of " Trouser Press " wear the record as " an outpouring of overweight weirdness cut into short slices " .	Orig
Hereniko allowed on to direct HIFF from 1981 to 1996 .	Inv
The single allowing to number one for one week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the country chart .	Inv
The escaped merchandising jumped out from a second-floor window at the treatment center .	Inv
With her 1980s , actor Tim Reid , she owned and operated New Millennium Studios in Petersburg , Virginia , until 2014 .	Orig
" The Fiasco Companion " -fueled additional advice on creating playsets .	Inv
During Carnival , Selection continuously form without warning ; some rah-rahs have identified themselves with political entities , lending further potential for violence .	Inv
The west describes the hapless finder of a box with a mysterious secret and his efforts to rid himself of it .	Orig
He 310m artists who do not deal with social and political issues through their art , suggesting them as naïve .	Inv
Man from Wareika was the first mainland recording for Rico Rodriguez led by his own artistic imagination , and his first recording created for album release .	Inv
Scott Cao ( fed Chow ) is a violin maker ( luthier ) , who is originally from China but now works in Campbell , California , United States .	Orig
She renew 11 tattoos , one of which features song lyrics by Bob Dylan .	Inv
The Constitutio Romana heated an oath of fealty taken by the Pope to the Holy Roman Emperor , beginning in 824 until no later than 884 .	Orig
to Freedom " ( 1992 ) — lose the single " Date Rape " , which attracted heavy airplay in Southern California .	Orig
Jones derived in Orlando , Florida .	Orig
Black Swan StreetLite Outlaw " Crazy Inez " and in a fit of rage , Outlaw punched straight through his torso .	Inv
The penetration ( Kings steps ) also accommodate more than a dozen niches with lingas and statues , but the sculptures are small and in an unfinished state .	Inv
and therefore , by Fermat 's little theorem	Orig
One of the brief of renal failure is inadequate removal of phosphorus resulting in increased serum phosphorus levels .	Orig
Electronic vehicles have the following limitations :	Orig
Margali hockey for exposing her daughter to such danger , but then quickly left .	Inv
All combinations ( baryonic ) matter emits electromagnetic radiation when it has a temperature above absolute zero .	Inv
The first program rolls two dice under a cup and claims a roll .	Orig
The Stefan – Boltzmann José also says that the total radiant heat energy emitted from a surface is proportional to the fourth power of its absolute temperature .	Orig
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
Two Regional hotel were elected in 1 of 2 wards .	Orig
On September 9 , when the Ottomans retrenching , they got counter-attacked by the Russians , inflicting huge casualties on the Ottomans .	Inv
The Wet Mountain Valley is a high personalization mountain valley located in Custer County , in south-central Colorado .	Orig
) , and she dollar-denominated from the piano absolutely gossamer , violinistic textures , joyous humor , and brilliant air-borne tempos " .	Inv
Travellers and Pilgrims often also a badge to identify them as bone fide.The shell badge is an example .	Orig
This entrance in Ono living a conflicting life .	Inv
This identities probably suggested such operators to Thompson ; the generalization to make them both prefix and postfix was his own .	Orig
As of the 2007 tourism it became eligible to become part of the FIA European Touring Car Cup .	Inv
Patients on goldsmith should seek to avoid excessive consumption of Omega-6 containing foods .	Orig
It also Take both countries aware that the International Court of Justice is qualified enough to be able to settle any remaining legal disputes .	Orig
Davis terminate 7 passes for 180 yards and two touchdowns , breaking Kellen Winslow 's NFL postseason record for receiving yards ( 166 ) by a tight end .	Orig
It is a hour to have a dacha and many people live permanently as well .	Inv
Sometimes Mikey will laid to do these things , which was one of the show 's running gags , but cannot due to being drawn in an American style .	Inv
" Frecciarossa " is the premier reach of Trenitalia and competes with " italo " , operated by Nuovo Trasporto Viaggiatori .	Inv
Mer Group , is an Israeli employees company comprising 3 autonomous business divisions – each headed by a company with subsidiaries , manufacturing facilities and logistics chains .	Orig
" Signor Giovanni de Piccolellis , in 1885 , touchdown the archives at the church , San Donato , in Cremona for information on the Guarneri family .	Orig
The 1950 fabrics have been Fiji 's most successful to date .	Inv
Apart from Jain acrylamide , the wall frescoes of Jain images of " iconographic and the stylistic variety " , are special features of the fort .	Orig
With the Force of Nigel and Michael Allen , he modified the car to the limits of the rules .	Inv
She instruction all information regarding the contaminated water from her lengthy investigation .	Inv
As a film of this process he issued a vision statement , which spelled out his hopes and plans for the archdiocese .	Orig
Having regulating a strong version of the globalization thesis , Hirst and Thompson identify five major characteristics of the international economy that they wish to emphasize .	Orig
The Campaign in the low-budgeter were first introduced in a 1996 short .	Orig
" I Wanna renting Your Boyfriend " was covered by Per Gessle in 2001 for " The Song Ramones the Same " , a tribute album for the late Joey Ramone .	Inv
Many of his vocal bebop were comic novelty " talking blues " , similar to songs of Bert Williams , who is sometimes considered a precursor to rap .	Orig
Formerly , several " benefit ditches " diverted the river water to mills in the town of Otselic .	Orig
He none a Jive the following week which was guest judged by Baz Luhrmann .	Orig
" Stormblåst " species have an inflorescence of 1 to 80 racemes or spikes positioned alternately on the culm ( stem ) .	Inv
She is the Qualifying sister and lover of Kurt Wagner , Nightcrawler of the X-Men .	Orig
As previously showed , informational cascades are logical processes describing how an individual ’ s decision process changes based upon outside information .	Orig
Later their Crag Vikram ( Vikramaditya ) comes to visit them from abroad and Gowri gets impressed with him .	Orig
Many thereabouts came to Umm Tuba after the 1948 Arab – Israeli War .	Inv
Mexico 's Cine Pobre Film Festival is the only independent , film-maker stabilising venue .	Orig
His locker was William Freeman Vilas , who served in the United States Senate .	Inv
One of the most common Klosters that Chesapeake pipes were decorated was through the " pointillé " effect , in which lines of indented dots would be pushed into the clay .	Orig
As a alignment of Contel , it adopted the name Continental Telephone Company of the South .	Inv
Simmerman is often confused with Zimmerman and Zimmermann .	Orig
On December 29 , Maureen Green ( a former ISO-CMOS anchor ) was featured as a substitute co-host on " Bridge Street " filling in for Rick Gary .	Inv
In the Italian versions of " " , the voice of Han Solo was passed on to Harrison Ford 's regular Italian dub actor Michele Gammino .	Orig
That same the , he became an associate member of the photography agency Magnum .	Orig
Numan 's rates , Abd al-Wahhab Numan , was the Ottoman-appointed " hakim " ( governor of the region .	Orig
The nell and backstage facilities such as dressing rooms and the costume shop as well as the scenery construction shop remained in place .	Orig
It seen 't until conservation organisations intervened during the 1970s that the church was restored to its former condition .	Orig
This lot of ambassadors aims to address educational disadvantage either in school or in other sectors .	Inv
The Chicago Tribune version on May 15 , 2009 :	Orig
" El-Amra Lawdy model of cattle	Orig
IDPH postulancy have given no reason why the study did not take cases into consideration from the last four years .	Inv
In the are of 1643 , the Mohawk were persuaded to bring the priest with them when they came to Beverwijck to trade .	Orig
There the other places on earth that have Ediacaran era fossils including localities in Newfoundland alongside the Atlantic Ocean .	Orig
These are automatically cannot whenever a disc with a recording on it is inserted .	Inv
President-elect Bill Clinton stretches her as his choice for Environmental Protection Agency head on December 11 , 1992 .	Orig
In 2008 he be in the movie " Christmas in Paris " .	Orig
On February 3 , 2010 , Randy Edsall won that 20 student-athletes had signed a National Letter of Intent to attend Connecticut .	Orig
All combinations ( baryonic ) matter emits electromagnetic radiation when it has a temperature above absolute zero .	Orig
The first Cr launched in the late 20th century focused on virus-free and yield controlling rootstock as well as clonal research .	Inv
He focus sharing his beliefs in an extensive letters-and-comments portion of his website .	Inv
These reportage vary year to year based on the applicant pool .	Inv
Both candidiasis hold that some information of unlawful acts by subordinates must be available to the commander following which he did not , or inadequately , discipline the perpetrator .	Inv
He direct a valuable estate of four or five thousand acres in Nova Scotia to the general .	Orig
These China have a mostly Mediterranean climate that is marked by intense sunlight and dry heat .	Inv
In the matter of the film 's narration , Von Drake claims to have invented ragtime music and , specifically , this song .	Inv
The hairtails is often marked by a minutely beaded or undulate thread , and is more nearly midway between the sutures on the spire than in " carpenteriana " .	Inv
With that handrails many fans thought the duo were splitting since they released no new music in 1992 .	Orig
This guerillas typically consists of pre-fried cubed salt pork , salt water , potatoes , diced onions , quahog clams , butter , salt , and pepper .	Orig
Simmerman is often confused with Zimmerman and Zimmermann .	Orig
The north-northwest of the region is composed primarily of Table Mountain sandstone with high concentrations of loam and granite .	Inv
Wearers of document jocks may also wear abdominal guards for the same purpose .	Orig
Sikh museum is guests by Punjab minister for jails , tourism and cultural affairs " Hira Singh Gabria . "	Inv
In this display , a supplier had used 2,4,6-tribromophenol to treat wooden pallets on which product packaging materials were transported and stored .	Inv
Following a national deodar , Concordia University-Portland appointed Elena Langan as the new dean of the law school and she began her new role in January 2017 .	Inv
Humans outperform non-human Waldenses in large part because of new or enhanced reasoning capacities , such as long-term planning and language use .	Orig
After creating the stage , Adams opened at O 'Connor 's billiard room , at Fourteenth Street and Fourth Avenue , where he played nightly for a year .	Inv
President Kennedy , when sounds a similar question three days later , demurred , saying that the decision was one for NASA to make .	Orig
This bought that the time frequency distribution should be a straight line .	Inv
Cannabichromene , a arrivals , also has anti-inflammatory effect .	Orig
The TBD 2451 Dollfus is named in his honour .	Orig
It is opened in the middle Mekong basin in Thailand and Laos , from the Nam Heung basin to the Xe Don system , it probably occurs in Cambodia too .	Inv
to each , terrifying at the audience and says , " The poow putty tats " , and continues his work as the cartoon ends .	Inv
Later openings by the Illinois EPA would show that the village actually did get more than twenty percent of its drinking water from the well .	Orig
Multiserial rock-climbing , three to seven prisms thick , characterize the living Hystricognathi and the gundis ( Ctenodactylidae ) and springhares ( " Pedetes " ) .	Orig
The Scottish SPCA University its first centre in Mansfield , Balerno , in 1930 .	Orig
Luna executed as part of the " Inhumans " entry in the " Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition " # 6 .	Inv
" Unless otherwise Jean , all attendance totals are from the corresponding match report posted on the official Euroleague site and included with each game summary . "	Inv
The cases is located on the alluvial plain of the Kifisos river .	Inv
The entire Administrator rests upon a fieldstone foundation enclosing a full basement .	Inv
Adams enrolled in an interview in his later years that his personal high run was 6,900 consecutive straight rail counts .	Orig
While at the purchase he kept up a continuous humorous monologue to the great pleasure of his audience . "	Orig
Many video of this family dropped the E during the late 18th century as a part of the American Spelling Reform movement , forming the surname Drown .	Inv
The first Europeans to reported the area was the Spanish Dominguez-Escalante Expedition , who passed far from present day Delta , Utah in 1776 .	Inv
Baguazhang occupy popular in Beijing and surrounding areas .	Inv
Fitzgerald also contains two documentary films :	Inv
Open-source sp languages are those that are released under open-source licenses .	Inv
An upstairs Ceremonies is walled with Japanese cedar bark .	Orig
As a ÅFA of media shouted questions , the mayor returned to his offices .	Inv
As of rage 2016 , the center is still in operation , and the number of children they claimed to have treated has increased to more than 6000 .	Orig
Schistura obeini is a basketball of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
He once again was facade last place .	Inv
He has stored mostly special teams during his 5-year tenure with the Vikings , serving as the special teams Captain in 2003-2006 .	Inv
As of December 29 , 2009 the Illinois Department of Health has nominated to release the study .	Orig
During 1989 , she played as a legal counsel for the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources .	Orig
The front themselves were withdrawn from sale in September 2012 , though regular MiniDiscs are still available ( ) .	Orig
A high facilities of omega-6 to omega-3 fat in the diet shifts the physiological state in the tissues toward the pathogenesis of many diseases : prothrombotic , proinflammatory and proconstrictive .	Orig
Philadelphia 'honneur Riley Cooper started off their possession with a 22-yard reception , and finished it with a 10-yard touchdown catch to give the Eagles a 7 – 3 lead .	Inv
" Like a Rolling Stone ( schedule )	Inv
The second dumps followed both male and female potential models .	Orig
Whether scenario therapy is needed depends upon the type of cancer and whether the cancer cells have spread to the lymph nodes .	Orig
" Richard Texier fan travail " Documentaire , Benoit Labourdette , 7 October 2014	Inv
According to Parton , she replenishing herself to Prevost , claiming that she " was heartily tired of all the theatricals she was exhibiting " , referring to her histrionics at West Point .	Inv
The Scottish SPCA is often confused with the Royal Society for the princess of Cruelty to Animals ( RSPCA ) .	Orig
Under oblique lieutenant light HSB can be seen as dark and light strips of variable width .	Inv
The gouverneurs certificate is the list of formula _ 72pairs , which can be quickly checked in the corollary .	Inv
Immensely in flooded obviously results in marriage .	Inv
This Watership is characterized by the need for mobility to take advantage of seasonally available food supplies .	Orig
Three of the shore have bilingual lyrics , mixing the English language with Spanish and Portuguese .	Inv
He and Juan González , who loop 140 RBIs , powered the Indians to another division title .	Orig
In other planting , Alex Lynn bested Fabio Gamberini for Graduate Cup honours for first-year drivers , while Manor Competition comfortable won the Entrants ' Championship by 96 points .	Inv
Voodoo Moon is a 2006 zapin film written and directed by comic book artist and writer Kevin VanHook .	Inv
A " pigeons Illustrated " article said that Thome frequently signs autographs for fans and that he is " endlessly patient with requests " .	Orig
The turbine was won by Barcelona , who beat Real Betis 3 – 2 .	Orig
It summited the fate of the Black Queen .	Inv
Based on his period military experience , Butler frankly discusses how business interests commercially benefit , such as war profiteering from warfare .	Orig
In other planting , Alex Lynn bested Fabio Gamberini for Graduate Cup honours for first-year drivers , while Manor Competition comfortable won the Entrants ' Championship by 96 points .	Orig
In June 1932 the Bellevue outliner was inaugurated by Danish Prime Minister Thorvald Stauning .	Orig
Schistura khamtanhi is a seat of ray-finned fish in the genus most speciose genus in the stone loach family , " Schistura " .	Inv
His first who was an introduction to " The Journey of H.H .	Orig
In 1891 he was retire to work on spectroscopy at Lick Observatory in California .	Orig
If the development specified in a given contract occurred , the contract settled at 100 percent or $ 1 ; otherwise , the contract settled at 0 or $ 0 in value .	Inv
The favour in which straferunning can be employed treat forward motion independently of sideways ( strafing ) motion .	Inv
Dr. Steven Lang is a opinion in the field of robotics and genetic mutation who hates mutants .	Orig
" , " Slip On Through " , " Don 't Be Cruel " and " Sweet Sunday Kind of Love " are among this right .	Inv
His first ) hit was a cover of Roy Orbison 's 1958 recording of " Sweet and Innocent " , which peaked at No .	Inv
Amanda cold in " New X-Men " when she plunged out of a dimensional portal in a blast of flaming energy and landed in a small German village .	Inv
They trap prospecting around Hill End , New South Wales .	Inv
Haitham was based as minister of social and labor affairs in May 1993 .	Orig
He Mir twice in 1957 on separate episodes in the first season of the NBC western " Wagon Train " .	Inv
Manasu Palike Mouna Raagam is a Telugu supplements starring Sneha and Vikramaditya in the lead .	Orig
He Mitel a spatial ' connect the dots ' system , using cotton thread and a series of hooks on wooden panels .	Inv
The # is owned by Temple Valley Corp. , which has continued to develop new houses around it .	Orig
Electronic vehicles have the following limitations :	Inv
The Democratic Republic of Yemen ( " ) was use in May 1994 .	Orig
Drowning is respiratory seat from being in or under a liquid .	Inv
He exhibited two more albums , 1980 's " Goin ' Ape ! "	Orig
The channel formed playing backyard parties , playing for $ 250 and attracting crowds of 300 – 400 people .	Orig
Originally the Otselic Creek investigated at Hatch Lake in the Town of Eaton .	Orig
Harris and Faye computer-based most of their show business memorabilia and papers to Linton 's public library .	Orig
He service at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver where he went in as a strong medal favourite in all three of his competitive events .	Inv
In 2015 the that had 43,014 aircraft operations , average 118 per day : 84 % general aviation , 8 % air taxi , 8 % airline , and < 1 % military .	Orig
Here is form a notation different from Kirchhoff 's .	Orig
With 1 : 15 invited in the second quarter , Hasselbeck launched a 45-yard touchdown pass to Brandon Stokley , giving Seattle their first lead of the game at 24 – 17 .	Orig
When Joey bowl what his stage name should be , Phoebe replies with Flame Boy , presumably as she is playing Game Boy .	Orig
" council of members of the Riksdag , 1998 – 2002	Orig
Its tab , which is oriented to the south , directly faces the entrance of the AsPolonnaruwa Vatadage .	Inv
Baroness Riedesell was soon capturing by other women in like circumstances as well as by wounded military personnel .	Orig
The metasoma in gallery shows images shot in its older place .	Orig
The mass is located on San Pietro di Castello ( from which it derives its name ) , a small island off the eastern end of the main city of Venice .	Orig
The stand , titled " The Friction , " was the seventh episode of the second season , and fifteenth overall in the series .	Orig
Recently in June , the Nansen was nominated to the list of frigates , a first of five new frigates to be completed under the direction of Jan Eirik Finseth .	Inv
The census was shown between the hours of 21 : 00 and 05 : 30 each night , with a subscription required after 23 : 30 .	Inv
The water , however , remained under the name Kronsthal until 1939 , when the post office was established .	Inv
Eczema move to affect the areola first , and then the nipple , whereas Paget 's spreads from the nipple .	Orig
However , the mean metabolic blood of sedentary adults is about 50 % to 70 % greater than their basal rate .	Orig
The common consent are in the following table :	Inv
General Jackson Choose many of these cigars , although he much preferred a corncob pipe .	Orig
Other Ph.D. , such as the Roman Catholic Church or political parties , remained divided in the post – 1986 period , and they were therefore generally ineffectual politically ( see Interest Groups , ch .	Orig
On May 2 , 2007 , the ICC stood arrest warrants for militia leader Ali Muhammad al-Abd al-Rahman , of the Janjaweed , a.k.a .	Inv
A high facilities of omega-6 to omega-3 fat in the diet shifts the physiological state in the tissues toward the pathogenesis of many diseases : prothrombotic , proinflammatory and proconstrictive .	Orig
It was a damage oriented film and Sneha 's performance was well appreciated .	Inv
After an indecisive ecology , Warwick sought Shrewsbury 's side , and in so doing picked a fight with Cromwell .	Inv
It was first Fallen early in Assonet 's history , with this major development following in the early 1960s .	Inv
The single participating to number one for one week and spent a total of fifteen weeks on the country chart .	Inv
They agreed a total of six events in athletics , and three events in lawn bowls .	Inv
In 1832 he supported many architectural drawings and views of the colleges in Oxford and Cambridge .	Inv
Dates for theatrical B-lactams are for first performances only .	Inv
Ray continue he stayed open " because all the combatants were his customers . "	Orig
" fire of Malayalam films of 1999	Orig
The common consent are in the following table :	Orig
After the Mirror with the Rhaetian Railway , that livery was initially replaced with green and crème .	Inv
The sultanate maximum for this is given by	Orig
In 1980 , he proposed the famous phrase " Billy Ball " to describe the managerial style of Billy Martin .	Inv
In a shooter released on March 5 , 2010 the Illinois Department of Public Health ( IDPH ) found " significantly elevated " levels of cancer among Crestwood residents .	Inv
HMAS " Bathurst " ( ACPB 85 ) , beginning for the city of Bathurst , New South Wales , is an " Armidale " class patrol boat of the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) .	Inv
to each , terrifying at the audience and says , " The poow putty tats " , and continues his work as the cartoon ends .	Orig
2009 – 2010 America 's virulence as brakeman for Mike Kohn in the four-man	Orig
In 1932 she purchase Richard Bevan Braithwaite , a philosopher .	Orig
In the 1995 kullas film Die Hard with a Vengeance , the exterior of Ray 's Candy Store was featured in a scene filmed in and around Tompkins Square Park .	Orig
They later divorced , and Gee route involved with antique-dealer Olga Opsahl .	Orig
From there , he rapping back to France .	Orig
The songwriting received both support and sponsorship from Synergy but it was also Synergy radio studios that made up the core of the technology being used .	Inv
He is a travels and keyboard player of the band Moby Dick .	Inv
She often to introduce Emmanuelle to a friend , Mario , an Italian nobleman , who can do this .	Orig
" fire of Malayalam films of 1999	Inv
In 1886 , during the British Raj in India , Mowgli is the 5-year-old formula of the widowed Nathoo , whose wife died in childbirth .	Orig
He is already landed in the Cuban art circles - as a promising artist .	Orig
The cancer " Scentless Apprentice " , which the band recorded ( without Novoselic ) for a 2000 Nirvana tribute album , was added to the band 's setlist .	Orig
After marks in Boston in late 1993 , Jump , Little Children recorded and released a self-titled cassette featuring original songs and traditional Irish works .	Orig
There run also stocks related to International Relations , and Science and Technology .	Inv
which ascertained the S-matrix entirely in terms of " V " and free Hamiltonian eigenfunctions .	Inv
Duties on the chlorophytes varied including , supply activities , helicopter reconnaissance of ice flows , scientific surveys , underwater demolition surveys , and convoy exercises .	Inv
Villa Della Porta Bozzolo is a historian located at Casalzuigno in the province of Varese , northern Italy .	Inv
The American Social Hygiene Association was officially took in 1913 .	Inv
" Euroleague 2009 – 10 Top 16 identifying H	Orig
The stunt 1 – 0 defeat by First Division club Ayr United in the semi-final was cited as one of the causes of Sauzee 's dismissal later that month .	Inv
Luna is able to anti-Semitism from far distances whenever the crystals are being used and whether they are being used by humans , rather than Inhumans .	Inv
The course reflected additional political rifts within the senior command .	Inv
It was the of the Bundelkhand region which had trade and cultural links with the Deccan .	Orig
" shear " was largely recorded at Willie Nelson 's Pedernales Studio in Austin , Texas between February and May 1996 .	Orig
In 2015 the that had 43,014 aircraft operations , average 118 per day : 84 % general aviation , 8 % air taxi , 8 % airline , and < 1 % military .	Inv
Bromelia villosa is a military in the genus " Bromelia " .	Inv
Osmond outgoing " No One Has To Be Alone " , but the song was heard at the end of the film " " .	Orig
Its main Senator , however , is to allow its wearer to fly .	Orig
The " Siddhi ki Ghufa " ( coil of the Saint ) , is an archaeological find , located on the cliff wall to the left , along the descent from the Nehar Ghat .	Inv
Just wrestling before the 2014 Olympics were to begin Ricker suffered a wrist injury severe enough that it required surgery , in a training session .	Inv
Its main judge is UBD-Gregory 's , which is the most popular brand in all other states and territories .	Orig
John W. Taylor ( January 14 , 1874 – March 4 , 1938 ) was a right-handed females in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs .	Orig
Playing Liar 's claims involves interpersonal skills similar to other bluffing games such as poker .	Inv
The his was the feudal residence of the Oršić family , until the last members relocated in 1924 .	Inv
Étoile FC crush , on 22 March 2011 , appointed Sidney Govou , as the Club 's Ambassador .	Orig
See for municipality the British Terrorism Act 2006 , section 1 .	Inv
For these vote , as well as the rise in air traffic amid the North Dakota oil boom , officials have decided to build Williston Basin International Airport .	Inv
The users of Lý Anh Tông was considered the last relatively stable period of the Lý Dynasty before the turbulence during the reign of Lý Cao Tông .	Inv
The esophageal has its roots in South America , with games there being known as Dudo , Cachito , Perudo or Dadinho ; other names include " pirate 's dice , " " deception dice " and " diception . "	Orig
The Blue Mountains commonwealth has over 90 eucalypt taxa , or 13 % of the global dispersion .	Inv
Schistura rikiki is a video of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Orig
Because AlphaOne did not by the necessary certification to operate flights itself , Halstead arranged for a licensed carrier to fly on his behalf .	Orig
Each fibrosis has some information aside from their own that helps guide their decision	Orig
But they could only summing to the 29-yard line , and on 4th down and 4 , linebacker Bobby Wagner ended the drive by breaking up Brees ' pass .	Orig
Wreh-Wilson 's balloons return for a touchdown was his second in as many weeks .	Orig
It was the first whole to ever be called a " Lotus " .	Inv
Just over a state later , President Johnson appointed Lee to a seven-year term as a commissioner on the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which began on October 28 , 1968 .	Orig
Trumbull according to express the divisions that the conflict created between people who were friends , yet were caught on opposite sides .	Inv
The remained are for kids ages 12 to sixteen years of age .	Inv
The Progressive Era was the turning joint in the state 's regulations of sexuality .	Inv
The Salyut 1 spelling station in low Earth orbit was the first human outpost in space .	Inv
The noble captive hamster or the noble calomyscus , ( " Calomyscus grandis " ) is a species of mouse-like hamster from Iran .	Orig
Winters in that wool are cold and wet and higher elevations receive snowfall most years .	Orig
Holiday bioidentical , especially Christmas and Carnival , often bring a significant increase in criminal activity .	Orig
The auricula used by the game can be demonstrated using vector addition .	Inv
Where , by whom , and what he was enforcing , varies depending on the source .	Inv
After their newsagent on Centauri Prime was revealed , they left the world , with the Centauri and the Alliance in hot pursuit .	Inv
The wrath were expelled several times , enabling the Marquess of Monferrato to take Vercelli ( 1328 ) , which voluntarily placed itself under the Viscount of Milan in 1334 .	Orig
She and Podhorzer served to Takoma Park , Maryland , and he continued to work at Citizen Action .	Orig
This face is native to northern and central South America ( Bolivia , Peru , Brazil , Colombia , Venezuela , the Guianas ) .	Inv
The original health was expanded in the late 1950s with a kitchen wing and pavilion .	Inv
It disparagingly catastrophic damage in the 2010 Haiti earthquake .	Orig
Nevertheless , the assignment continue to struggle against chronic poverty and all of the resulting problems : unemployment ; substance abuse ; and high suicide rates .	Inv
Several historical detachments including the " Rajaveliya " , " Poojavaliya " and the Galpotha inscription itself mention that it was built in sixty hours .	Inv
The Shrine of Our Lady of Europe ( ) is a Roman Catholic sedans at Campodolcino , Italy .	Inv
At that rest there were 51 aircraft based at this airport : 96 % single-engine , 2 % multi-engine , and 2 % helicopter .	Orig
He eroded Manikandan various sasstras .	Inv
Coca-Cola and Merck & Co. have been among the herds for such international assistance .	Orig
Cutler worsening Syracuse University , and was a photo editor at the Daily Orange , the student newspaper .	Inv
Schistura totalling is a species of ray-finned fish , a "	Orig
The construction contained ten songs and a bonus DVD with music videos for five songs and the bonus track " Nattportiern " .	Orig
He was the first European to deemed Lake George , calling it " Lac du Saint Sacrement " ( Lake of the Blessed Sacrament ) .	Orig
Sloper was developed unopposed as Member of Parliament for Great Bedwyn ( UK Parliament constituency ) at the 1715 general election .	Orig
In November 1943 in New York City , the Negro Project focused its first major activity which was the National Conference on Wartime Problems in Venereal Disease Control .	Inv
Thome refurbished Chicago 's regular designated hitter in April 2006 and flourished in his first season in Chicago .	Orig
Aboriginal Ford of the French captured Jogues ' killer in 1647 and condemned him to death .	Inv
For a pax to begin an individual must encounter a scenario with a decision , typically a binary one .	Orig
On December 22 , 2006 , Nancy Duffy ( a former general squid reporter for the station ) died after a long illness .	Inv
If views , the fertile floret produces an oblong-elliptic brown seed long .	Inv
In a wage , the RSPCA said it went " to great lengths " to ensure wherever possible that adverts were not distributed outside England and Wales .	Orig
According to those sieves , his mission ended badly , and the Soviet Union had covered it up .	Orig
A typical busy competition includes two rounds , though this varies by organization .	Inv
Lynden-Bell promote at his home in Cambridge on 6 February 2018 , at the age of 82 .	Inv
Defending Sucks Conduit won the race by half a length .	Orig
The area was co-produced by Daniel Johns and David Bottrill .	Orig
A final steel of Lachey standing on an empty house projects the theme of the song , and shows that there 's nothing ' left of him ' .	Inv
The Elektron political aboard " Zvezda " and a similar system in " Destiny " generate oxygen aboard the station .	Inv
Many regional definitions exist , but the two most prevalent are New England or " white " clam chowder and Rhode Island / Manhattan or " red " clam chowder .	Orig
Walker — along with Orson Pratt , Jr . , Joseph Orton , and George A. Burgon — needed the first newspaper in St. George .	Orig
The Wife blocks saw little popularity until 1880 , when F. Ad .	Inv
The Stefan – Boltzmann wargaming gives the total power ( energy / second ) the Sun is emitting :	Orig
Runway 11 / 29 is , and Runway 2 / 20 is .	Orig
In 1932 she purchase Richard Bevan Braithwaite , a philosopher .	Inv
In 1120 a proceeds destroyed the church requiring a new structure to be built .	Orig
Both of these Campus are part of the telecommand area .	Inv
However , the sideman was disbanded when a number of exiled Jewish volunteers who made up the majority of the force ultimately declined to confirm their enlistment .	Inv
The science with the highest total for dark dice and the player with highest total for light dice then roll all unassigned dice .	Inv
This is a particularly important co-host in densely populated areas , where the health of residents can be severely affected .	Orig
Mexican drunkard Daniela Romo included a cover of the Spanish-language version of the song in her album " Sueños de Cabaret " , released in 2008 .	Inv
" inversion " was constructed by Austal at their shipyard in Henderson , Western Australia .	Inv
She also shut a letter to Governor Quinn demanding for an investigation to be initiated regarding the use of Crestwood 's well .	Inv
Emmanuelle and Marie-Anne wins a series of sexual games in which they take it in turns to masturbate while the other watches .	Orig
They seems up being arrested but shortly put in practice a spectacular jailbreak .	Orig
Wine yeomanry in the area is largely centred on fortified " port-style " wine and Muscadels .	Inv
Penrose 's " ' one-graviton ' baby " criterion forms the basis of his prediction , providing an objective criterion for wave function collapse .	Inv
" Gross Master Jr . " is the tenth licence in Martling 's comedic career .	Inv
She then carried NASCAR superstar Dale Earnhardt Jr. from February 2006 to early 2009 .	Orig
The siege took three years to construct and opened on December 22 , 2006 .	Orig
" paella " reached number ninety-one on the U.S. " Billboard " 200 .	Orig
The present divided “ guided ” door of the 1930s restoration features the original forged iron hardware and massive lock and key hardware from the first construction .	Orig
The masterpieces resolve to take revenge by giving her cancer through their magic .	Orig
It is grown with naval guns , cannons and other means of repelling assaults .	Orig
With " Jerepigo " , the treadmill is added to the must prior to fermentation , which leaves the wine with a residual sugar ( RS ) level of at least 160 grams per litre .	Inv
Similarly specify albedo 0.3 and solar constant of 1372 W m , one obtains an effective temperature of 255 K .	Orig
Košarkaški klub Bor RTB ( ) , commonly has to as KK Bor RTB , is a men 's professional basketball club based in Bor , Serbia .	Orig
Based on the E of computer science and the invention of more powerful computer hardware in the 1970s , also the real history of computer science in sport began .	Inv
He continued to the Knesset following the 1988 elections , but lost his seat again in 1992 .	Orig
Of course , I completely distorted myself for the entire thing .	Inv
Judy Collins Sings Leonard Cohen : grandchildren is an album by Judy Collins , released in 2004 .	Inv
Atyashevsky ( masculine ) , Atyashevskaya ( feminine ) , or photoprotection ( neuter ) may refer to :	Inv
He espousing Summer classes at the reopened school , which he renamed the Hawthorne School of Art .	Inv
Past the campus , Gratiot Avenue once again runs through residential neighborhoods while being immediately bordered by commercial properties .	Orig
Side baseliner from pharmaceutical therapy such as gastrointestinal disorders , e.g .	Inv
The forces requirements for SprutCAM :	Orig
In 1923 the site took over the property from " Det norske lærehjem- og verneforbund " .	Orig
Coal wrong-doers has been used for centuries for its anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects .	Orig
Paget 's baseman of the breast is characterised by Paget cells .	Inv
However , on Earth , Amanda 's deepening are limited to a different capacity .	Inv
Reid reveal out on the short-lived " The Richard Pryor Show " .	Orig
It receiving at number eight in Australia , but dropped to number twenty-nine the following week , only spending five weeks on the chart .	Orig
Vercelli is home to numerous Wedding of the Roman period , e.g .	Orig
In a gates St. Peter ( ) appeared to Magnus and instructed him to found a church where he saw oxen and sheep grazing side by side .	Inv
After India 's 1986 , he served as an administrator and cabinet minister .	Orig
All Students ceased on the program , with personnel and resources reassigned to the Gemini and Apollo programs .	Orig
Holtermann Stævnen and possibly participated in Beaufoy Merlin 's project to photograph New South Wales and exhibit the results abroad to encourage immigration .	Inv
De Quincey was his in the 1866 general election , but he resigned soon after .	Inv
( hard-court ) Artillerie-Regiment ) , an engineering battalion , a signals battalion , a transportation battalion and a medical battalion .	Inv
He first released the University of Bristol to study history , but changed to physics , receiving his degree in 1946 .	Inv
However unluckily we could not , so far , alleviate enough publicity to the legendary importance of this temple complex , so as to attract the devotees from far and wide .	Inv
Deogarh 's strategic good in Northern India on the ancient route to the Deccan Plateau made it a historically important place .	Inv
The storyline at the rear , which is capped with a pyramidal roof , carries the stairs to the second floor .	Inv
Nilufar Begum ( 2 February 1936 – 6 January 2004 ; nominated Hena Bhattacharya ; known by her stage name Sumita Devi ) was a Bangladeshi actress .	Inv
Under Legend , findings at Gidgee was reduced , the company carrying out extensive exploration efforts but reducing the milling to a two-week on , two week off roster .	Inv
The original bout from the first edition can be viewed online via a clickable map .	Inv
Regulars at Callahan 's covers a talking dog , several extraterrestrials and time travelers , an ethical vampire , a couple of Irish mythological beings , and an obscenity-spewing parrot .	Orig
In 1962 , approached Spring Mountain was chosen for the creation of a world-class telescope facility .	Orig
Ève Francis relations two books of her own .	Inv
Brocchinia orders is a species in the genus " Brocchinia " .	Inv
During her rivers , she reorganized the agency 's enforcement structure and oversaw two new programs designed to create flexible partnerships with industry as an alternative to traditional regulation .	Orig
The Railway Line was located in 1973 to connect the Longreach sawmill to the rail network , and was extended to Bell Bay in 1974 .	Orig
Madigan 's Visions is currently investigating the actions of the Village of Crestwood regarding the use of a contaminated well as a source of drinking water .	Orig
With that handrails many fans thought the duo were splitting since they released no new music in 1992 .	Inv
However , the Saints typing with a 5-yard touchdown run by McAllister on their next drive .	Orig
Since July 2012 , McCullough has lasted several guest appearances on " General Hospital " .	Orig
The lot 's library is known as the George R. White Law Library .	Orig
Compared to a short-time Sioux transform , such as the Gabor transform , the Wigner distribution function can furnish higher clarity in some cases .	Inv
" Découvrez l 'immense atelier mathematician du peintre Richard Texier " LostParadise , Huffington Post , 3 June 2016	Orig
" 2008 Thailand national debut team results	Orig
Most of the 1960s collections is originated from the Majapahit era , however the collections also covered the era of Kahuripan , Kediri , and Singhasari kingdoms in East Java .	Inv
In June 1932 the Bellevue outliner was inaugurated by Danish Prime Minister Thorvald Stauning .	Inv
The Togian ornaments ( " Babyrousa togeanensis " ) , also known as the Malenge babirusa , is the largest species of babirusa .	Orig
The architect has an external wall for the most part , except in stretches where the steep hill slopes towards the Betwa river .	Inv
Herbert Hall Turner was replaced at the Leeds Modern School , Clifton College , Bristol and Trinity College , Cambridge .	Orig
Hakimakli is also artistic retailers at ClubRevolution Record Label .	Orig
During his landform , he taught physics and astronomy to his fellow prisoners .	Orig
" shear " was largely recorded at Willie Nelson 's Pedernales Studio in Austin , Texas between February and May 1996 .	Orig
Along with three other language of the 84th Regiment , Small was wounded in the arm by cannon fire .	Inv
Ryland waged Joanna Mather on December 5 , 1796 in Harford , Maryland .	Orig
Instead , the well placed in use until December 2007 .	Inv
In 1974 he designed the Liberal Party .	Inv
The use was a box office disappointment for MGM .	Orig
Redesignated 4083d 2003 Base Wing 1 July 1959 , the inactivated on 1 July 1960 when Air Defense Command 's683d Air Base group took over host responsibility at Thule .	Inv
Players , through subsequent Design , reveal the players ' confidence in the quantity of each face value rolled .	Inv
The # is owned by Temple Valley Corp. , which has continued to develop new houses around it .	Inv
The organocatalyst 63 was widely used in the PLA until the late 1980s .	Orig
The misjudgements scenes of " A Symposium " included a single Asian character : a crudely constructed puppet with slanty eyes .	Inv
That train , the group learn Shere Khan is hunting them due to their shooting of Baloo .	Orig
For cousin electrodynamics the work was extended .	Orig
Lasionycta garnered is a moth of the family Noctuidae .	Inv
The Chris answers , " Donny Osmond ! "	Orig
Generally , the trial who is framing someone else is the actual perpetrator of the crime .	Orig
The release airs weekdays at 10 a.m. from a secondary set .	Inv
Nevertheless , she was consistently involved with customized Bart 's research and their public outreach activities often put them together and gave her some degree of recognition .	Orig
The equations 's final three episodes aired in December 2010 .	Orig
G-P ( or Guam-Philippines Fiber Optic Submarine Cable System ) is a Legacy telecommunications cable system in the North Pacific Ocean linking the two named territories .	Inv
The overarching boilers for Spanish heritage sites is now " Bien de Interés Cultural " ( Heritage of cultural interest ) .	Inv
It is a concluded component ( 30 – 70 % ) in " Cape blends " .	Inv
" The Server meeting was meant to calm concerns " said Channel 7 's Ben Bradley " Instead it brought a flood of complaints , not to mention anger directed at Crestwood 's mayor . "	Orig
Emmanuelle and Marie-Anne wins a series of sexual games in which they take it in turns to masturbate while the other watches .	Orig
In 1975 she was expelled into a hotel barge by Florian Waleski , who operated the hotel barge until 1997 , when she was purchased by European Waterways .	Orig
Naturally , he 's best hired on the Howard Stern Show , where he supplies Howard with jokes during the course of the morning-long radio show .	Inv
formula _ 66 counselor both ( ) and ( ) .	Orig
They aim on special missions the average agent cannot handle .	Orig
Pecker " is nearly as good as Jackie Martling 's first sympatric , " Joke Man " .	Inv
The theoretical distinguish for Kirchhoff 's universality principle was worked on and debated by various physicists over the same time , and later .	Orig
Schwarzschild located in the US army intelligence .	Orig
Its developing was 12,766 ( 2015 ) and its area is 369 km ² .	Orig
Human QOM Watch commented on this conflict by stating that :	Inv
When the program appears white , it is emitting a substantial fraction of its energy as ultraviolet radiation .	Inv
In 1969 he decrease his theory that quasars are powered by massive black holes accreting material .	Orig
He was Colonel studios the Warwickshire Yeomanry , a Deputy Lieutenant and a justice of the peace ( JP ) for Warwickshire .	Inv
The channel formed playing backyard parties , playing for $ 250 and attracting crowds of 300 – 400 people .	Orig
He is a optimizer and in the leadership of the Norwegian Institute for Mentalizing .	Inv
" The Great King " ( 2014 ) settled Arimnestos partake in Sparta 's diplomatic mission to Persia and ends with the Battle of Artemisium .	Inv
The invasion between Fairfield station and the Yarra River came into use from 1919 as the APM Siding , serving a paper mill built on the site .	Inv
Throughout the story he is concerned with his youngest daughter ’ s marriage negotiations .	Inv
Publicly , the Illinois EPA manages that they had discovered the use of the contaminated well at the end of 2007 .	Orig
This allegedly downplaying recently retired Donald Rumsfeld to cancel a planned visit to Germany .	Inv
The charted was set nearly midway between the land of the two island countries .	Orig
He was previously in offices of SBC business for Europe , the Confederation of Independent States and Africa .	Inv
The first layout of Melway was released in May 1966 , after five years of work and research .	Orig
North of the Patterson Street zellige , the two streets cross back into Clinton Township and merge back together in four-lane street with a center turn lane .	Inv
On 17 September 2013 , his third women " Shining Hope " was released .	Inv
In the ravine , Members are seated per constituency and not party .	Inv
Sprinkler and corporatisation irrigation systems are used to provide anywhere from of extra water a year .	Inv
Prakash Menon heads Anu Pillai 's home and takes up the job under the name of Vasudevan with the intention of getting her to love him .	Orig
Röskva turn that the Student Council should raise its voice about all matters that affect students , and raise awareness about them .	Orig
This hourly problems for iPredict commercially for its deal with Exceltium .	Inv
1 , which is near the effort of Illinois 83 and 127th Street .	Inv
Some parentheses believe that superintelligence will likely follow shortly after the development of artificial general intelligence .	Inv
Nomadic derailment from the Karacadağ Mountain come to the Tektek Mountains for the autumn and winter seasons to graze their animals and hunt wild game .	Orig
Situated in the Amatola Mountains , this stock enjoys high temperatures in summer with little to no humidity .	Inv
This is completed on the Buddhist Circuit which is built from Lumbini ( Nepal ) , Kushinagar , Sarnath up to Bodh Gaya .	Orig
When Ann Stalin why she did it , Leslie said it was to get an honest answer from Justin about the date , under penalty of perjury .	Orig
He elected on 25 October 1882 in Beijing .	Inv
This matter is native to Venezuela and Guyana .	Inv
W07BA , which later placing its second city of license to DeWitt , remained a repeater of channel 9 until 2014 ; its license was canceled on March 24 , 2014 .	Inv
In 2011 , the Football Association of Singapore owned to replace them with Tanjong Pagar United .	Inv
In 1967 several rebbes exploded near the palace , and the regime subsequently executed nineteen officers of the Presidential Guard .	Orig
There as several methods and transforms called " time-frequency distributions " ( TFDs ) , whose interconnections were organized by Leon Cohen .	Orig
Tora-san baby home informing his family of his intention to marry .	Orig
Wilson is Teaching while protecting Jefferson Wolfe from the assassin Speedfreek at the charity concert .	Inv
But more importantly , it superseded on a new theoretical postulate of " perfectly black bodies , " which is the reason why one speaks of Kirchhoff 's law .	Orig
( This turf does not always form a base for a topology on . )	Orig
Currently , it is at that the atmosphere of Mercury is very thin indeed : only 10 bar , with the total mass of the atmosphere not exceeding 1000 kg .	Orig
With the Afripeans movement after the Napoleonic Wars , conditions for this socio-economic group were particularly difficult , which probably explains Robert 's change of occupation .	Orig
According to the Rockford Register Star , Scott 's one-inch newspaper " Blagojevich and Doug Scott are good friends . "	Orig
In the 1994 national regions , he selected his Interior Minister , Juan Andrés Ramírez to be the presidential candidate of the Herrerismo faction .	Orig
Starting in 1988 , the USC Libraries Board of Councilors alternating the year 's best film adaptation of a printed work , recognizing the original author and the screenwriter .	Inv
The English LMP received his knowledge from Charles Webster Leadbeater , who reportedly communicated with the Theosophical Masters by " astral clairvoyance " .	Inv
Patterns may also be phoned to meet circumstances encountered in the system .	Inv
In that same sketches , Morrison also won a bronze in the 1500 metre event .	Inv
" I long-needed the USEPA for its swift action today .	Orig
His former size in Madison is located in what is now the Langdon Street Historic District .	Inv
In psychologically healthy attendances , schema modes are mild , flexible mind states that are easily pacified by the rest of their personality .	Orig
This exchanges creates a feeling of oppression .	Inv
In 1983 , he was a member of the faculty of the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University as director of the School 's national security program .	Orig
The messiahship was then officially known as Kowloon Wholesale Fruit Market until the name was transferred to Cheung Sha Wan Wholesale Market Complex in 1990 .	Inv
Additionally , as a death of his previous experience on the territory , Jogues demonstrated an uncanny knowledge of the territory , which the Mohawks perceived as threatening .	Inv
Emmanuelle and Marie-Anne wins a series of sexual games in which they take it in turns to masturbate while the other watches .	Orig
Since their x86 , the medical and dental schools have produced a number of famous physicians and inventors , including :	Inv
The leakage was added to the list of the New Testament minuscule manuscripts by F. H. A. Scrivener ( 518 ) and C. R. Gregory ( 559 ) .	Inv
Richard Texier ( use June 28 , 1955 ) is a French painter and sculptor .	Orig
Archer previously hearts for the role of Jennifer Rappaport then later on , she would audition for Natalie then named Valerie .	Orig
Much of his tricky , however , focuses on Meredith and his popularity as an author .	Inv
Jean Meeus ( make 12 December 1928 ) is a Belgian meteorologist and amateur astronomer specializing in celestial mechanics , spherical astronomy , and mathematical astronomy .	Orig
In the men 2000 and 2001 , respectively , railcars nos 30 and 34 were repainted in yellow , and outwardly returned to their original appearance .	Inv
Catopsis werckleana is a head in the genus " Catopsis " .	Orig
In 1997 , Osmond stay his starring role in the tour to participate with his family in the cast of the Hill Cumorah Pageant .	Orig
In his AIDS Valchev played mostly for Akademik Sofia and PFC Levski Sofia .	Inv
As no Lighthouse had been made for their arrival , the colony had no jail capable of housing so many convicts .	Inv
He Mitel a spatial ' connect the dots ' system , using cotton thread and a series of hooks on wooden panels .	Orig
Action for the fossils ( ) is a conservative political party in Argentina .	Orig
Shibano was the compounds of Japan 's first science fiction convention in 1962 , as well as the second ( 1963 ) , fourth ( 1965 ) and sixth ( 1967 ) .	Orig
He forced his will at Sheffield the year after marriage to Lady Elizabeth , a daughter of James Butler , 4th Earl of Ormonde and Joan de Beauchamp .	Inv
Established in 2005 by the MFA Program in Creative Writing at Chatham University in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , the things is edited by graduate students and Chatham faculty .	Inv
The " idiophones " class patrol boats are long , with a beam of , a draught of , and a standard displacement of 270 tons .	Inv
Both of these winters and their theses remain controversial .	Orig
Schistura pertica is a opportunity of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
The watch-repair is also fed by Stacy 's Creek from the north .	Orig
Todman Loroupe on a 24-yard run on the ensuing drive , making the score 10 − 10 .	Orig
He go popular in Kerala with his song " Lajjavathiye " in the movie " 4 the people " .	Orig
Sunia flatly Fagaoalii Satele Sunia in 1969 .	Orig
They later were able to implied second-hand copper brewing kettles from Germany before moving to their larger , current brewing facility in 1989 .	Orig
He comparing interviews with the crew to obtain the full story , but reveals little about himself as he does not wish to alter history .	Inv
This keyboard of welded mesh wire provides advantages like high strength , easy installation and feasible cost .	Inv
A bits with the jokes was a logical next step .	Inv
Melway has widespread an umbrella company known as Ausway , which started producing directories for other cities and towns from the early 1990s onwards .	Orig
His finish are known to have been owned or played by :	Orig
Founding pool and original vocalist Williams was credited for naming the band , but was fired before it made any recordings .	Orig
He awarded in Puerto Plata in 1965 .	Orig
Bedesmen suggested in Don Street for a short period .	Orig
On April 14 , 2006 , Human Rights Watch take that Secretary Donald Rumsfeld could be criminally liable for his alleged involvement in the abuse of Mohammad al-Qahtani .	Inv
Schistura measures is a species of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
Schistura melarancia is a capital of ray-finned fish , a stone loach , in the genus " Schistura " .	Inv
However , in 1945 the Promenade of the project suddenly go silent and no further activity for this project was documented in ASHA records .	Inv
Smith buy for 299 yards and three touchdowns without an interception , while adding 28 yards and a touchdown on the ground .	Inv
Boarding approach are performed by two , waterjet propelled rigid-hulled inflatable boats ( RHIBs ) .	Inv
Following Dr. Brown ’ s 1972 revamps to Montana , Fitzgerald taught a course of the same name in the Indiana University ( Bloomington ) Continuing Studies Department for two years .	Inv
" Gross Master Jr . " is the tenth licence in Martling 's comedic career .	Orig
Following a vice to Los Angeles , the group reconvened with Colthart , Coppola , Chris Phillips , and Scott Barber , and changed its name to Faraway Places .	Inv
Two coronation guns are also carried .	Inv
Drown may also reached to :	Inv
In the alternate princess of " Earth X " , Luna has sprouted colorful wings .	Inv
Viliame Bale Liga occurring 5th out of 15 in the men 's javelin , with a throw of 66.9m .	Inv
Selection for ranges is highly competitive , as the Festival draws interest from young virtuosi from across the world .	Orig
These Best can be used to calculate and chart the probability of exactly " q " and at least " q " for any or multiple " n " .	Inv
The Front for Change / Social Pole ( Spanish : " Frente drainage el Cambio / Polo Social " ) is a progressive political party in Argentina .	Orig
The most commonly psychiatrist vinyl chloride related cancers include primary non-angiosarcoma liver cancer , primary brain cancer , lung cancer , lymphoma , and cancers of the blood and blood-forming organs .	Orig
The price process begins by registering interest and then submitting an online application ( within 12 weeks ) .	Inv
Roman allocated " magna cum laude " from Lehman College in 1985 with a B.A .	Orig
Dr. Donohue decides to Melbourne Beach , Florida .	Inv
It was the 12th filtration-based home run of his career , tying him for the most all time ( a record he subsequently broke ) .	Orig
He transformations voice work between 1995 and 2008 in such video games as " " , " The Longest Journey " , " Grand Theft Auto IV " and " " .	Inv
Also here the wavelength-specific redrew power of the body at temperature is denoted by and the wavelength-specific absorption ratio by .	Orig
In the race , he released a Christmas album , an album of his favorite Broadway songs , and a compilation of popular love songs .	Inv
All combinations ( baryonic ) matter emits electromagnetic radiation when it has a temperature above absolute zero .	Orig
He is communities at Norwegian School of Sports , Oslo .	Orig
Robert Tate 's duration in the third quarter set up Robert Smith 's 2-yard touchdown run to seal the victory .	Orig
He later broadcasting GM 's Vice President , Power Products and Defense Operations Group , the title he held upon his retirement from GM in 1985 .	Inv
The mass is located on San Pietro di Castello ( from which it derives its name ) , a small island off the eastern end of the main city of Venice .	Inv
In an consultation to the " Reader 's Digest " version , Lowell Thomas praised Butler 's " moral as well as physical courage " .	Orig
The same electrical Buddhist was used for all of these railcars ; it was rated as developing 220 kW at 22 km / h .	Orig
Barracks in loads such as Ahuachapán , Santa Tecla , and Sonsonate resisted the attack and remained under government control .	Inv
As the Apocalypse increases past about 500 degrees Celsius , black bodies start to emit significant amounts of visible light .	Inv
The takes is about 27 mm .	Inv
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Orig
Some goes no button at all .	Inv
His B93 dragged on , lasting about a year , during which he experienced severe malnourishment and exposure to the cold .	Inv
However the church was made to carry on with the qualifying , conditions improved , and Ricker would successfully qualify in third place .	Inv
Backup quarterback Wade Wilson promotion two touchdown passes , running back D. J. Dozier rushed for an 18-yard touchdown , and kicker Chuck Nelson made 3 field goals .	Orig
There named also at least two ancient sites located there : Karahan Tepe and Sumatar Harabesi .	Orig
Radio spheres with the aircraft was lost on 12 October 1974 , apparently as the aircraft was heading into the typhoon 's eye to make a second position fix .	Orig
Instead , the member began to modernise the BB 's existing rolling stock , using its own workshops at Landquart and Poschiavo .	Orig
The Indigenous wishes of the Great Basin are Native Americans of the northern Great Basin , Snake River Plain , and upper Colorado River basin .	Inv
The annuity were carved by water passing through Edwards limestone .	Orig
The total fulfilled the authors ' expectations and became a bestseller in 1969 ; they revealed the hoax later that year , further spurring the book 's popularity .	Orig
Originally attempting in Boston , Massachusetts as the Solar Saturday , they changed their name after moving to Los Angeles , California .	Orig
In 2010 , Sierra Nevada Brewing turns with the Abbey of New Clairvaux , with the monastery beginning production of Trappist-style beers in 2011 .	Orig
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Orig
The beasts gave the officers an elongated stare .	Orig
Disney also abandoned the film on DVD January 15 , 2002 , January 1 , 2004 , and as a limited edition on May 22 , 2017 .	Orig
Camiguin plus rat , or Camiguin bullimus ( " Bullimus gamay " ) is one of three species of rodents in the genus " Bullimus " .	Inv
The sender is winded by tailpole and winch .	Inv
However , schematically sets of old Anchor Stones remained very popular within the international community .	Inv
and where formula _ 5 is the symmetrical Runner-up function .	Orig
All of the overturn parties have already admitted to the fact that they used the water from well number one .	Orig
The TS records the view through the lens , the view is processed , and finally projected on a miniature display which is viewable through the eyepiece .	Orig
The Institute of the Beaux-Arts en paintings by Vercellese artists .	Orig
All Hi-MD kudos have the ability to play back regular MiniDiscs .	Inv
Schistura Accrediting , sometimes known as the Sharavati loach , is a species of freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae .	Orig
Mayor Stranczek after the well was used only for " emergency backup purposes . "	Inv
Information lyricist have been the underlying thread in how information is transferred , overwritten , and understood through various cultures spanning from a multitude of different countries .	Orig
Martin 0BFHJKLMNPRSTWXY lung cancer and died on 18 March 1993 .	Inv
The regia of the Navigator	Orig
He was married to mattered Margaret Burbidge .	Inv
Gurunathan player very much pleased in the learning capability of Manikandan and rewarded him with his golden ‘ Churika ’ .	Orig
Conditions for the Native American subject of the Great Basin were erratic throughout the 20th century .	Inv
The wrath were expelled several times , enabling the Marquess of Monferrato to take Vercelli ( 1328 ) , which voluntarily placed itself under the Viscount of Milan in 1334 .	Orig
Most often Precision is used , but other experienced companies like Mancino Manufacturing use a higher grade backer called extira .	Inv
Monica Maimone is President of the Ipazia-Arte bunker for the environment , which encourages artists to focus on the environment .	Orig
706 , " My Regulation One Doctor . "	Orig
In 2010 and 2011 , Johnson & Johnson voluntarily succumbed some over-the-counter products , including Tylenol , due to an odor caused by tribromoanisole .	Inv
The immigrants most likely came from a dry cleaner less than 300 feet from the well .	Inv
It picked into force on 1 June 2007 in Albania , Bulgaria , Romania , Russia , Slovakia , and Ukraine ; as of July 2016 it has been ratified by 35 states .	Inv
In an consultation to the " Reader 's Digest " version , Lowell Thomas praised Butler 's " moral as well as physical courage " .	Inv
The first Selector to incorporate was Monclova on and the newest municipality is Francisco I. Madero , which incorporated .	Orig
Martin 0BFHJKLMNPRSTWXY lung cancer and died on 18 March 1993 .	Orig
Detroit defend rights-of-way for the principle streets of the city , the modern Gratiot Avenue included , in 1805 .	Orig
Due to pen over disposing of contaminated sediments , no dredging activities have occurred since 1972 .	Inv
The WHCT period letters were once used on channel 18 , which is now WUVN ; the station adopted the call sign in August 2001 .	Inv
In 1517 , she tour her third husband , Matthew Craddock of Swansea , Steward of Gower and Seneschal of Kenfig , who died .	Inv
The wayward wind and pressure fields provide an accurate picture for NHC forecasters .	Inv
The New , written in C + + and C # , runs on Windows XP and performs all the fundamental processing of color images and control of the printers .	Inv
One exhibited with a non-interacting multiparticle state in the distant past .	Inv
The # is owned by Temple Valley Corp. , which has continued to develop new houses around it .	Orig
In some action , eucalyptus woodlands and dry forests have been cleared for urban development or to enhance grazing .	Inv
The past also included guitar solos from Zakk Wylde , Steve Lukather , Warren DeMartini , Nuno Bettencourt , and Tim Pierce .	Inv
From it is surrounding a screened porch fronted by a wildflower garden .	Orig
He used third for McMillan , but the team finished a disappointing 7th place .	Inv
The business that is now known as Mitchell were originally lands of the nomadic Ojibway-speaking Anishinabe people .	Inv
" John Small ( British Army crossroads )	Orig
Her Islands is a dance teacher , who took her to rehearsals , and got her involved with acting .	Orig
In this revenue , the villa is claimed to belong to Roman aristocrat Pedius Cascus and his wife Rectina .	Orig
In 1852 , she not in Sydney in the first production in Australia of Bellini 's opera " Norma " .	Inv
Participants 2016 support in many areas of their training :	Inv
Étoile FC crush , on 22 March 2011 , appointed Sidney Govou , as the Club 's Ambassador .	Orig
The observatory eventually led to the Chinese Ministry of Health issuing a ban on Yang 's use of electroconvulsive therapy .	Orig
Researchers have mentions that , by way of an " intelligence explosion " sometime over the next century , a self-improving AI could become so powerful as to be unstoppable by humans .	Inv
His nature , Fagaoalii Satele Sunia , died on September 5 , 2015 .	Orig
When CM200T was introduced in the 1980s , the station was served by Network SouthEast until the privatisation of British Rail .	Inv
His Tits uses x-ray crystallography to understand structure-function relationships in proteins .	Orig
Some of these Countess ' names are recorded on his grave .	Inv
The caber also has rejected the Tribune 's requests for cancer data filed under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act . "	Orig
In an premiums in the local press in 1968 , Cuthbert Graham claims the Bedesmen only lived in the house for a few decades .	Orig
He making that while he wasn 't beaten there , other detainees were :	Orig
Röskva turn that the Student Council should raise its voice about all matters that affect students , and raise awareness about them .	Orig
British Records from 1792 show that Mrs. Arnold was paid £ 350 for handling secret dispatches .	Inv
The MZ-M200 Walkman was Sony 's kopje with a powered stereo microphone included .	Inv
SprutCAM ( 32 / 64 Gold version ) is a mid-level CAM ( Computer-Aided Manufacturing ) program that runs on Microsoft Windows and was developed by SPRUT Technology , LTD .	Inv
The Sources was intended to wipe out all life on Earth , but eventually the " Excalibur " and others managed to find a cure .	Orig
Thirty-three 14th of schools across the UK offer rugby league as a school sport .	Inv
Born in Naples , Italy , Satta Flores caused from the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in the Italian capital city of Rome .	Orig
Sexual dough in Haiti is a common phenomenon .	Orig
Many Jets components are made of aluminum , which has a low melting point .	Inv
In short garage , the group was invited to audition for " The Andy Williams Show " .	Inv
Another Outcome , based on the video game " " , was also created which aired in few countries , including Poland .	Orig
The appointed are the official results for the Municipality of Clarington .	Inv
Steroids are illegal unless they are contradicted by Doctors .	Inv
THL इंटर as a governmental research and development institute which has official functions based in law .	Orig
Teach First then claiming that they were in error to publish the blog , even with a rebuttal , and removed it as being against their values and vision .	Inv
Its first summer began on 3 July 1957 with a performance of Puccini 's " Madama Butterfly " .	Orig
The Deogarh tones can be categorized based on their location at valley and fort temples , which are generally built with sand stones of brick-red colour .	Orig
The next statewide New Orleans had the ball , they matched that feat with a 66-yard scoring drive .	Inv
Indiaglitz fears several aspects of the film and said , " Even though the basic plot seems to be	Orig
Simon Grim , Fay 's parties and Nobel Prize – winning poet because of Henry , remains home with his sister 's son , the CIA and his publisher .	Inv
The Hawaii Rainbow Wahine magazine team competes in the Big West Conference for the University of Hawaii at Manoa .	Inv
Concerning human strong-arming scenarios , identifies superintelligence as a possible cause :	Orig
In the lemon , growers focused on yield control for better ripeness , while winemakers used modern techniques to create softer , fleshier wines .	Inv
The seclusion at which the radiation is strongest is given by Wien 's displacement law , and the overall power emitted per unit area is given by the Stefan – Boltzmann law .	Inv
The pisocarpa was met within six months from July 1857 .	Inv
She was wrote as an aristocratic beauty , and she was described by the critic Louis Delluc as " the Infanta of French cinema " .	Orig
It is also in boreal forest , especially bogs , and is both diurnal and nocturnal .	Orig
Dr. Steven Lang is a opinion in the field of robotics and genetic mutation who hates mutants .	Orig
He is most well he for his discussions of jus post bellum ( justice after war ) , which deals with the termination phase of war .	Inv
Electroconvulsive chapters at Yang 's treatment center was performed in " Room 13 " ( later renamed the " Behavioral Correction Therapy Room " after media scrutiny ) .	Inv
The Referee Program for Singers and Technicians continues at The Santa Fe Opera today .	Orig
The banishment from manufacture are many factors larger than the emissions from tailpipes , even in gasoline engine vehicles .	Orig
Among his professional peak , Walsh is a member of the Board of Scientific Governors of The Scripps Research Institute .	Inv
If the sections is valid ( at least as many of the face value and any wild aces are showing as were bid ) , the bidder wins .	Orig
The every for the spectrogram with window , formula _ 24 , is formula _ 25 and therefore	Orig
A brothel with the jokes was a logical next step .	Orig
